It's chaotic.
It's gonna be a particularly crazed show tonight.
That's okay.
In a few moments, you will be wide awake.
Now, I'm going to count to three,
and when I reach three, your eyes will open.
You will be wide awake, feeling completely refreshed,
in fact, feeling better than you have in a long, long time.
You're going to feel fantastic.
On the count of three, wide awake.
One, drifting up higher and higher.
You are now drifting up farther and farther and farther.
Such a beautiful feeling.
Two, drifting up a little bit higher now
and a little bit farther, coming up higher and higher.
In fact, you are now almost awake, just about there,
eyes opening.
Three.
Now, there's like hideous,
worms of reincarnation in the hell spirit world
that you don't even know about because you're too ignorant.
Ignorant because you're just a listener, that's all.
Just a mere listener.
Oh, the pathetic fool.
The earth fool.
Oh, ye stiff-legged.
Ye, ye pathetic, third-dimensional creatures.
If you could but know, could but dream for an instant of that which could await you,
were you good enough to...
Friends, friends, there's no escape.
I guess we should...
Jehovah and his son, Jesus, are strange gods.
We see ye eat ye no more.
And now then, I wish God would give me a Holy Ghost machine and I'd blow your head off.
Latter of us.
Have a big time, the refrigerator full of beer.
The cigarette smacks on the fingers.
The dirty jokes that came from evil hearts.
God forgotten.
Now I want to tell you, brother, this generation of youth
has been raised in an environment like that.
I hate to be a son.
as negative as I am tonight
But they've been raised in an environment
of sexual lust
They've been raised in an environment
I forget God
Monkey rectums
Hot oil massages
X-Wing magazines
Get mine
Live it up
Forget God
Sin
Get mine
Live it up
Forget God
Make all the sexual conquests you can make
They've been raised in an environment
of
So rule my country
They've been raised in an environment
of
Gently awakening us into remembering
who and what we are
But there are other ways we can be communicated with
besides the obvious evidence
Don't have to raise a single man for my dad
I don't need to get you serious
I don't need to get you serious
I don't need to get you serious
I don't need to get you serious
I don't need to give you a compulsive attitude
I lost my father
Because he lost his family
He said I'm not the worst

This world And my girls




We grab our life
Oh oh oh
Its not fair
Gonna know who's God
那 Connect in the emphasize
I need the Miles
They had no칙
but I know who he was
Who will I become
I can't chime with his comments
What he did was good

You got to let everyone know how I feel
I'm just stupid he's patronizing on YouTube
slash interbulator.
That's spelled E-N-T-U-R-bulator.
That's right.
I mean, here we are.
Your mind's left nostril in front of the speakers.
To represent pictures which themselves represent actual live,
let's say it, human naked women,
which themselves represent for us, in a way, an ideal,
which we as lads can never attain.
Truly attain.
Unless we go down to the red light district over there in Holland Headland.
Unless you work construction night and day and save your dollars and dimes
and eat bologna sandwiches for lunch instead
when everybody's getting that hot stewed biscuit and left nostril pie.
You're in the backyard eating your own chickens.
You know, but it doesn't have to be that way.
Some people are less uptight about it.
The butch people of Neanderthal land display their women and their wares
right up front of boys.
Whatever.
Right up front they have memorials to the...
The drool.
Well, let's go ahead and say it.
The drool.
The jism cartel and the jism conspiracies.
Jolene.
They won't let you even talk about it anymore in the open.
Because of the jizney corporation, of course.
Well, they want to keep our depleted mankind accordion from expanding.
The jizney corporation.
Suddenly.
Suddenly.
Jizneyland.
The all creator himself.
There's jizneyland and jizneyworld.
Whack jizney, the creator of all creators.
Euro jizney.
That's right.
There's the euro jizneyworld.
That's a really good one.
The one in Amsterdam.
That was where we were.
Euro jizney.
A lot of piercings.
The euro jizney.
And boy, Dr. Philodrummon must have gone on every ride.
I swear to God, he must...
That guy must have spent a fortune.
I like the Indonesian babe in the teacup that spins around my shelf.
When you wear a Mad Hatter thing and she goes around...
Kind of a different way than a teacup going, if you know what I mean.
I was a...
Kind of like the old Nook Mile basket hoist.
As they used to call it in...
I couldn't even look at that one.
It just made me dizzy.
Well, you know, that's kind of what the spectator arena is for.
Is actually to make the emasculated young woman scared.
The man's scared also.
And to watch the pink coiffed women literally lick the...
Let that image drill into your synapse there because next time you drop acid, you're going to have a bad trip when you do it.
That's what I call a good trip, actually.
Well, if she was looking at you, perhaps, but if she was just coming after you, I don't know.
I want that hair.
That color. I want that color.
You want a fistful of hair. That color is what you want.
I know what you want, Commander.
Aw, she's a happy young lady.
Commander, come.
What a good girl.
Now, we're viewing a shot of a woman who looks like she's just accepted the body of Christ, or at least one of his, you know, proboscis.
I'm not sure.
And after having accepted it, she is so happy. She's beaming. The Lord's kind of beaming.
There's a hooker Jesus and a John Jesus, and I love you, man.
Once that Christ principle, which, you know, was always keeping us after class and making us write obscure straightens on the blackboard.
Once that Christ principle is given us a swat...
There you see it right there.
He's asleep.
...and he's sleeping.
I know that Bob is once again, is, came to Amsterdam ahead of us.
We have found the clues.
The, uh, his...
Well, we know this.
...counterpins and jello.
A big pile of old cotterpins and old jello.
Well, we're still...
Piled up inside...
The bottom line.
...the hotel. Our own hotel. Bob was there.
The bottom line is...
Bob is somewhere in Amsterdam now.
We've seen him. We saw him today.
We must find...
The bottom line is...
We must find Bob.
The bottom line is that we're still here, right?
Yeah.
And the pipe's still smoked.
The pipe is still lit.
I don't, I don't understand that.
Thanks, Bob. Thanks, Bob. That pipe is still lit.
And we're still...
And we're self-evident.
It's self-evident.
Right?
Which coffee shop is Bob in now?
Listener.
He's walking...
He's seated with it.
I'm self-evident in sound of my voice. If you see Bob, call this station now and tell
Bob that he must come home.
We need a number to the station, please. What's the number here to the station? Call,
call here to the station if you don't see Bob.
We don't have a phone.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
...with a cotterpin and then you will have it.
Oh, aren't we supposed to advertise a, a DeVifle?
Uh, yeah, we're actually, we're actually gonna do a DeVifle. March 23, 2001.
I do doubt what you're hearing now.
What do you mean?
If you want to see the proof, the miracle...

...proof of Bob in the lives of freaks, abnormals, weirdos, giants and midgets, those of the
most bizarre, you will not believe that these creatures, they live, they breathe just like
you and me. And these are members of the Church of the Subgenius. Come and see the weird subgeniuses.
See their strange sex acts and their strange talents. Give them your, uh, grass and hash
and see them grovel and do strange tricks for you in the name of Bob and learn what
Bob is all about.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The free prostitutes for Bob. The free drugs for Bob. The free money. The free heavenly
money. The free pills.
And this preaching and spirit-filled revival has come here to Amsterdam. We're so proud
to be, to be bringing the t-shirts of Bob to the city.
The t-shirts of Bob.
How much does the revival cost to get in there?
Friends, it costs only the effort of getting in there.

We're getting out of the bed this morning and get that morning and coming to church.
That's all it takes.
Uh, yeah, it's, for those who want to come actually, it's, um, yeah, it's completely
free. It's, uh, gonna be at the Bad Kuip, which is on the, uh, the corner of Albert
Kuipstraat and the Eerste Zwelingstraat, number 10.
Bad Kuip.
It's in Bad Kuip.
Bad Kuip.
Actually, Bad Kuip actually means bathtub.
Yeah, well anyway, uh.
The what?
The wash tub.
23rd of March, from 9 o'clock in the morning, we're going to be at the Bad Kuip.



Good evening, uh, come there, Bad Kuip, come and see the Church of the Subgenius live.
The butt plug.
The butt plug?
The butt plug.
The Bat Cave.
The Bat Cave.
The Bat Cave.
The Bat Cave.
And now.
Can someone get me a beer?
What?
And now, ladies and gentlemen, it is a pleasure for me to introduce the following member
of the Church of the Subgenius.
This man is known to be the second luckiest man alive.
He is the Pope of all Europe.
He's the one, he's the only, Paul Black!
First of all, Paul Black is the Pope of Europe.


I want you to point your fingers out, every one of you I want you to point your fingers
out, and I want you to point to that man!
J.R.
Bob Dobbs!
And say, Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!

First of all, I want you to take your finger
and I want you to point it to this band.
Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh yes!
Now I know why each and every one of you
have come to Amsterdam.
You're like salmon swimming up the river of slack
back to that land of profit and money.
Amsterdam, hallelujah! Praise God!
Friends, there's only three things you need to understand
about the Church of the 17th.
Only three things.
And those three things are
Bob
Bob!
Slack
Slack!
and the Conspiracy!
Slack!
Friends, I must say, I must ask your forgiveness.
I must apologize to you.
Because one year ago, the church came here to Amsterdam
to preach to the Dutch about Slack!
Typical dumbass Americans!
Friends, this year we're in Amsterdam
to learn about
HESANIC!
Because we learned last time
we have nothing to teach the people of Amsterdam about Slack.
They can teach us about Slack
because they have always had
HESANIC!
HESANIC!
HESANIC!
HESANIC!
HESANIC!
HESANIC!
HESANIC!
HESANIC!
Yes, very strange.
Teaching me, huh?
Now I remember indeed.
We both left the front line.
He took me to a cave.
And inside he lighted a lighter.
And I saw a stall there.
He opened the door of it.
And inside was something that looked like a porcelain altar.
And then...
And it exploded!
I was farting fire!
It was unbelievable!
For the first time in my life!
Could this be the ancient rite of pyroflagellation?
What?
Pyro what?
Pyro what?
Anyway...
I have shown this trick to my kids many times.
And they too...
They too play this game
which sometimes is very dangerous.
Sometimes it can backfire, you know.
Pyroflagellation, dear friends.
Yes, yes.
The backfire can result sometimes in dangerous incidents such as the gut blowout.
Or the bladder splatter.
Beware the pyroflagellation, dear friends.
It can beat deadly.
Some other strange things have surfaced.
Like this.
What would happen if you were to say this name?
If I were to invoke this name right now?
What would happen?
Oh, you can't do that.
You just...
You would not be able to.
It's anti-slack.
You don't know the name.
No, but what would happen if you did?
They would come.
The time would be nigh for their arisal.
And what would happen?
What would this mean for mankind?
Those who are true would turn false.
And those false would be held upside down over the precipice.
But yet, they will always be there.
And they will all end up on their heads.
Mark my words.
All, from the greatest to the smallest, shall end up on their heads.
All of ye.
All of ye.
Huh.
Phooey.
Those who know don't say, and those who say don't know.
Spoken like a true subgenius there.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
Praise Bob.
Hallelujah.
Praise Bob.
Yeah.
But who is this man, Bob?
So many ask.
They say, who is Bob?
I see Bob's face.
I want to know Bob.
I want to follow Bob.
Friends, you better be careful getting too close to Bob.
He's got all the slack in the world.
And where do you think he gets it?
So, some people don't believe in Bob.
They say, oh, Bob's just a joke.
He's just a cartoon head.
Friends, if Bob is a joke, what do you call yourself?
Somebody once told me, they said, I don't want to be a subgenius man.
I don't want to be a minister.
I don't want to have two paradises, one while I'm alive, and one after I'm dead.
No, I don't want that.
I don't want to be a subgenius.
You know what that tells me about that person, friends?
It tells me what they do want is they want to take themselves seriously.
I'm sorry, but I don't take them seriously.
I don't take you seriously.
I don't take me seriously.
I don't even take Bob seriously.
The only thing I take seriously is what Bob said.
Fuck if they can't take a joke.



That sounds harsh to the polished ears of the modernist perhaps, but friends, you just
try it.
It's the only workable philosophy.
I got involved with Bob.
I saw Bob at the supermarket.
He was looking up at me.
And I looked down at Bob and I thought, well, that looks really...
I just felt drawn to this picture of this man with a pipe in his mouth, right?
And I reached down and I picked up this book and it said, Book of the Subgenius on it.
And you know what?
After reading this book, I was hooked on Bob.
I had to send my $30 into Bob.
It was like an obsessive compulsive thing.
I think that every subgenius goes through.
When you decide to have Bob and you decide to send that $30 and you are really...
You're almost...
You're gone.
You're gone.
You're too far gone when it comes to that point.
When you send that $30 into Bob, what happens with that $30?
Let me tell you what happens with that $30.
A miraculous thing happens to you.
The minute that that money leaves your hand, the minute that that money leaves your hand,
it goes in the hand of Bob Dobbs, you start getting quivers all over your body.
You start shaking.
You start shaking and your body starts to swell.
It gets worse.
It gets bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and your body swells up and you fall
to the ground.
And little holes break out in your body and white comes out of these little holes, burning
beams of light come out of these holes in your body.
And then your body explodes, and like white doves at a wedding, a thousand winged cherubs
flow out from your body.
And you're like, oh, my God.
I'm so sorry.





And then, and then like a phoenix of slack, rising up from the ashes of your former pink self, a subgenius emerges.
And the world hears the howl of a new yeti.
Woo!
As Bob himself said, I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
Bob doesn't think about things.
What Bob wants to happen just happens to be what's going to happen anyway.
20, 20, 24 hours to go.
I want to be sedated.
Nothing and nowhere to go.
I want to be sedated.
They just get me to the airport, come in the show.
Hoey, hoey, hoey, before I go, I'll go.
I can't control my fingers, I can't control my toes.
Oh no, oh no, oh no.
Before I get on with the evening's heavy duty sermonizing, I do have an announcement to make
about one of the latest business ventures of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The Dobbs Trash.
The
best.
Now most of my air travel experiences have been on U.S. and Australian based carriers,
so I don't know what it's like in Europe, but if it's anything like what I'm used to,
it sucks.
Now the problem is that most airlines are flat out unable to accommodate the traveling
needs of the subgenius.
They gear their services towards the pigs, who are used to, if not actually enjoy being
treated like herd animals and loaded into flying cattle cars.
Not so with we subgeni, which is why traveling can be so uncomfortable for us.
Well brothers and sisters, not anymore.
Dobbs Trash.
The Grands Megaglom Co. Corp. is proud to announce the formation of Yeti Air, the first
airline designed to cater to the subgenius travelers.
As you may know, Bob has had dealings with the airline industry before, most notably
the fine Dobbs Food Service company that services many airlines.
But now Dobbs has branched out and is offering high quality air travel specifically to accommodate
the subgenius.
Yeti Air is a great example of this.
Yeti Air is a great example of the difference between all the other pink airlines.
The differences, brothers and sisters, will astound you.
First of all, Yeti Air will be truly egalitarian.
None of this first class, business class, tourist class crap.
All of the seats on all Yeti Air flights will be roomy enough for the largest subgenius,
and not towards these emaciated dwarfs that the pink airlines seem to be gearing their
passengers for.
The one exception will be on our specially designed aircraft, that consists of nothing
but rows and rows of MES-2 cercaps.
Also, for the agoraphobic subgenius who wishes to travel with the minimum amount of an internal
contact capacity in these thyroid aches.
Yeti Air there will be no overhead luggage bins.
There can't be anywhere in the sky under your feet!


tiresome than watching some jerk trying to stuff a lawn tractor sized piece of
luggage into one of these bins. So at Air Yeti we have a policy about carry-on
luggage. You have to be able to fit it in your mouth. If you can't get it in your gob, it goes in the hole.
The space normally used for overhead luggage bins will instead be used for bunks.
This is part of Yeti Air's Mile High Club, which is a more entertaining
version of the Pink Airlines frequent flyer programs. Yeti Air will not hit up
their passengers for hidden service charges either, brothers and sisters. Seven
bucks for a cocktail? Not on Yeti Air, where all booze is free.
Free booze! You can't beat it. Nor will passengers be charged a five dollar
entertainment fee.
For to borrow a little nasty earwax encrusted pair of headphones so they can listen to the dialogue on
whatever lowest common denominator pink movie they're hoisting on the
passengers. Instead, with arm-mounted personal video streams, each Yeti Air
passenger will have a choice of a wide selection of porn, sci-fi, comedy, or more porn.
Absolutely free!
Woo!
Also, more porn!
MOREHORN!
Also there will be none of these no-smoking restrictions on any Yeti Air flight.
Instead, all Yeti Air flights will be mandatory fropping flights.
YEEEESS!
Flying high again! That's going to be the slogan of Yeti Air. The Ozzy song will be cranked at volume over the PA system
before each flight.
Oh, yeah!
Also, in the unlikely event of boredom, a mask will drop from an overhead compartment. Pull the mask, and firmly
slide through the anti-air system into space.
fastened around your head and the flow of church air will begin automatically.
You won't have to worry about fastening the mask of a small child, however,
because there will be no small children on any Yeti Air flight.
Most of the airlines I've dealt with, it seems like they have a minimum requirement for
screening children and obnoxious kids, but not on Yeti Air. If you're not of the
legal age of consent, you can take the damn bus. Lastly, we have the Yeti Air
flight crew. Now on most pink airlines, this is something that irritates me no
end. They have important sounding names for these people like uniformed crew
member or some such nonsense and they'll promulgate the important sounding mission
statement that their primary job is passenger safety, like they're some sort
of flying rent-a-cock rather than a stewardess. So unfortunately these people
have started to believe that they're not the only ones who are being treated like that.
Yeti Air seem to believe their own propaganda and consequently most pink airlines seem to be
crewed with aging bitter harridans or flighty young men who seem to have
gotten their personalities from an ad in the back of People magazine. At Air Yeti,
we dispatched with such high-flown BS and recognized that the job of these
stewardesses and stewards is to service the passengers. On Yeti Air flights, the service crew
consists entirely of exotic dancers, porn stars, and
ex-pilots.
The flight crew is a team of experts in oriental massage. Thongs and knee pads will be part of the standard-issue uniform.
And any Yeti Air crew member will be happy to initiate you into the mile-high
club. So remember fellow mutants, when it's time to fly, fly Yeti Air. Flying high again.
And I say as long as you're alive, shout, make noise, or whatever, you're a hero.
Because we know you shot up like hell.
But Jeroen had a great philosophy which he told us last year. He was walking through the streets shouting because he's very loud.
In fact, at times to be the loudest man in Holland that he might be. And he was saying,
my friend, said Jeroen van Bram in Amsterdam, he said, you have to shout and make a lot of noise?
Or whatever, because when you die, you shut up like hell.
I'd like to quote another crazy crackpot book, sort of like the book of the subgenius that says the same thing.
Ecclesiastes chapter 9 verse 10.
Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do,
do it with thy might.
For there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in the grave.
Where you're going.
In other words friends,
shout, make a lot of noise, or whatever, because when you die, you shut up like hell.
Another way to put that would be as Bob said,
when you eat a hamburger, don't just eat that hamburger, eat your hamburger.
You're going to hell.
You're all going to hell.
Praise Bob, but we're going to subgenius hell.
My friend, by the time you get to the Christian heaven, you'd be wishing to God you'd made it to subgenius hell.
You wish you'd made the cut.
And you can from me.
Thirty dollars American.
Tell your mom to whip us up some lemonade.
About 70 guilders.
70 guilders to save your soul.
All your souls.
And your pet's souls.
And your dead animals.
Oh actually, they're already saved, Dr. Rob.
They already have some of this.
What happens if you actually pay this money, and you don't get eternal salvation?
What happens then?
Bob will give you triple your money back.
Ninety dollars in your pocket.
There's that echo again.
So what you're saying is, if I die,
That's how sure he is.
That's how sure Bob is.
If I die, I'm boiling in the fiery brimstone of hell.
And I'm burning there.
Bob will come to me with a thirty dollar check.
Actually, I think the...
A ninety dollar check.
A ninety dollar check.
That's how sure Bob is of his deal.
Floating on a bowl of ice.
That's right.
And I've been classed up in this world.
And just a couple of miles away.
I've been through five senses of eternity.
And that was my stomach growling at the end.
Yeah.
So, you know.
You know, he said,
Bob will be there.
Now, some...
Many people, many intelligent people,
Don't believe that there is a hell.
And they...
Or rather, they know that hell is there for those who believe in hell.
And since they don't believe in hell,
They ain't going to hell.
They're more interested in heaven.
Well, Bob guarantees you two heavens.
Two heavens.
For the price of war.
One before you die.
Two for the price of war.
It lasts as long as you want.
How many times do you say?
Two.


How many times do you say?
If you get bored with it,
Two.
You can choose to die.
And move on to the heaven that you get after you die.
Two.
Two.
on the side to die for boredom there stops bad it ain't just it's heaven of all die for them
for several millennia because it's full of sin this is full of pure essence of sin a gluttony
greed totally satisfied at every step of the way it's better than heroin it's better than
heroin mixed with uh with with the propane with propane it's better than mixed mixed with angel
dust it's better than beach sand mixed with vodka it is the finest feeling when you have real slack
oh i forgot i wasn't going to preach to the dutch about slack they've already got
the only country we've come to that already already knew of slack and in fact had much to teach us
that's when we're going to get as fast as we can
we have the best reason in the world i hate him simplest reason in the world we've got bob
if you ever wonder what do they see in this bob man why do they think his words
are going to grow even more and what do you see in this bob man why do they think his words are
so wise. Forget his words. Don't use your mind to think about your religion. You only
have to do one thing with Bob. Look at his face. And if you have a friend who doesn't
understand, make them look at that face and they will see.
I just came here and outside there's a wagon that says Bob on it. And so I thought, okay.
It's just the way it goes. Everything leads to Bob. My dad was called Bob. The thing outside
is called Bob.
I don't know why I'm saying that. I don't know why I'm saying that. I don't know why
I'm talking about it here. I think that was it.
Praise Bob!
Friends, we're so sorry that Jesus couldn't be here and answer him. He was here last year.
Jesus paved the way. Jesus and his lovely wife Mary Magdalene, risen again on this world,
paved the way for the subgenius church to Amsterdam, to the sex-hurt corridors of this
lovely city.
The church of the subgenius, these guys walked across the Atlantic on the backs of pontoon
Jesuses. They really did it.
Many thousands of dolphins died so that Jesus and Magdalene could walk across the Atlantic
and come to Amsterdam and lead the way and show us all the best to come.


It's absolutely son don't shout at me even if I'm wrong.
Hope you have a wonderful Labor Day, and hope Holy Mother gives it to you.
To make it up for everyone, to celebrate this special day of accountable worship and start
running and giving back for Your glory.
And for that and that, around that very moment, we soon reached our journey.
What a great day that it has been.
actually follow up all black to Amsterdam never to be seen again never
to be seen again that's true there are people I met here last year and I've
never seen them again never seen them again they were voted out of the big
brother life hey you know who the most famous person to ever follow me was it
was this guy not the guy he died for stealing and killing the Lindbergh baby
it was a guy who actually did it this is the most famous person to ever follow
me the guy who killed that really did kidnap the Lindbergh baby yeah he was
that he was the first person to ever follow me and that was a second that was
the second thing he ever did was he kidnapped and killed the Lindbergh baby
and actually somebody else got blamed for it even get credit for it didn't get
the award I think the main excuse we used to come here
really?
is the coffee shops where where something like Haber-Fraub Zipulops is
available it's called marijuana or cannabis or something like that but you
notice that my pipe here a duplicate of the type of J.R.R. Hobbs himself is entirely
empty and that is because I only use this for the real Haber-Fraub Zipulops
and it's just not available what few supplies there are
go straight to Bob and the leftovers grab his go to Ivan Stang and that's why
that's why I went with senior sub-genius Minister a doctor and he prescribed
these slack patches for me here it's it's okay it's okay it doesn't get me
through life in England which is a slackless, cursed nation right now a nation that I'm not a good fan of
that there's a nation in the world that doesn't give you a good life in England which is a slackless cursed nation right now there's a nation that's not good enough to be a good man
In the thrall of the conspiracy headed in our country by the Queen and her husband,
the lizards who have been taking the slack away from the English subgeniuses since Magna Carta way back when.
Oh no, you mean the commies, no you mean the Nazis. No, no, there is only one conspiracy
and it only takes one such conspiracy to bring all of our little conspiracies down.
One conspiracy, the conspiracy of the normals. And it is the dumbest conspiracy.
It doesn't even know it's a conspiracy. It's no more smart than Bob.
But friends, yet those peeps, those con men, those Barbies and Kens and cage dwellers,
the normals, those mindless cow-like stereotypes, as dumb as they are, yet they could destroy the world.
And that was the voice of J.R. Bob Doe.
What did he say?
He said to me, that is exactly what the conspiracy has been doing to you all your life.
Brave Bob.
You have been manipulated by an alien finger up your rectum, making you dance like a puppet all your life.
At first you didn't like it, but then you got to be used to it.
And then you got to quite like it because it says,
jump this way and you'll win a thousand dollars.
Jump this way, there's a promotion.
Jump this way, there's some really good comedy on TV.
And other times it pulls you away in some kind of punishment.
Friends, you think how bad things are now.
Think what they're not telling you. Think what they're hiding from you.
You know, all of us are in a cult.
If we let our leaders bury poisonous waste in our backyard,
how is that any different from those heaven's gate idiots,
you know, offing themselves hoping the spaceships would hurry up and save them.
Friends, we don't even trust those aliens anymore.
We don't trust pipe-smoking salesmen.
We build our own rocket ship. We build our own Amsterdam.
Friends, and we have to do it ourselves.
It's tough working within the conspiracy.
But, you know, as Bob said, if you act like a dumb shit,
they will surely treat you as an equal.
And if Einstein came up with that,
instead of building our own spaceships,
we ought to be building our own damn Amsterdam's.
You know, the thing about building your own Amsterdam,
versus building your own spaceship,
is when you're saying,
I'm gonna build my own spaceship,
you're saying I'm stuck here with them.
But if you're saying I'm gonna build my own Amsterdam,
that means they're stuck here with you.
Bob is slack, Bob is sex, and Bob is money.
And that's all we need.
Well, actually, we need more subgeniuses.
There aren't enough subgeniuses.
So you have to have more.
That means you have to fuck more.
And make more little subgeniuses.
It's that simple.
Or, can you also donate to Bob through food?
Or, uh...
Sex, most important, sex.
Donate to Bob with sex.
Or secrets. Secrets are valuable.
Give your secrets to Bob.
Let's pledge 100 dollars to us right now.
Give us your money.
Give us your money.
What are you gonna do with it?
Nothing!
You're gonna go out tomorrow night,
you're going to go to a club perhaps,
you're gonna get drunk,
you're gonna enjoy yourselves,
you're gonna go home,
you're gonna pull the sleeves.
That sounds pretty good.
Alternatively, just give us your money.
We've got the alien face mask of slack here,
my brothers and sisters.
And we're gonna pass it around.
And put your hard-earned money in this thing,
and give it to that man over there, I can stay.
Hallelujah!
Deep, deep in them pockets.
Give to Bob!
Give!
It's been a long time since I rock and roll
It's been a long time since I've done this draw
Let me get it back, let me get it back, let me get it back
The paper I come from
It's been a long time, been a long time
Been my lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely life
Been my lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely life
Friends, we're not working for the devil.
I want you to know that.
We make small deals with the devil.
But you know, to believe in the devil,
you have to be kind of a Christian to begin with.
All we're doing is tempting sinners away from the devil.
We don't care what they do after that.
We believe in the God that doesn't want us to believe in it.
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
Ah, yes, friends.
And so that is why, one reason why I don't practice what I preach
because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
As Bob said.
But Bob also said, friends, that too much is always better than not being.
Too much, friends! Too much!
And I say, as long as you're alive,
shout, make noise,
or whatever,
because when you're dead,
you shut up like hell!
Wham, bam, wham, bam, wham, bam!
Ah, yes, bam!
Does Bigfoot strike you as well put together?
Well, let's say he has one foot in this dimension and one in the other,
which makes him sort of well put together in itself.
Beware the black yeti,
for he has the biggest feet and the biggest teeth.
And the Bigfoot makes a big smell, you know.
Look out for the big smell.
Sometimes the subgeniuses,
they aren't always what we expected.
Sometimes I find myself really frustrated at the sheer,
I don't know, nerdiness or wimpiness or not funniness of some of our followers.
And it used to really bother me.
It kind of depressed me.
Gosh, these subgeniuses are kind of fucked up.
Well, God! God!
It finally sunk in!
That is what this is all about!
They are fucked up because there is a conspiracy of normal people.
Sapping away their slack.
Of course they're fucked up.
And of course that's why Bob is their God.
The conspiracy labors ceaselessly to suppress sacred abnormality at a very early age.
Children's television, preschool and public schooling,
social groups, education, church, and other institutional learning facilities.
The sacred abnormality that everyone knows about.
The nail that everyone possesses is suppressed.
The nail that sticks up is hammered down.
And the result is a majority of bland conformists.
That are fearful of doing or saying anything that might make people think they're weird.
It's up to us, brothers and sisters,
to help all these poor schmucks find and love their sacred abnormality.
So they too can give their mental life the growth it needs
and blossom into full Yetihood.
You can do this by giving your own sacred abnormality a workout in the presence of others.
Be deliberately strange, amaze and confound your acquaintances with your weirdness.
These outbursts, particularly if they refer directly to J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
plants the seeds in the mind of all those other latent subgeniuses out there.
And that too will help them find and love their own sacred abnormality.
Oh, it won't be easy at first, brothers and sisters.
The abnormality suppression reflex is so strong in all these poor con dupes
that very few will initially be able to overcome it.
But some will, oh yes.
And pretty soon there will be more and more subgeniuses
all bulking up their mental lives
and planting the seed of the sacred jest in other latent subgeniuses.
This growth will be exponential.
And before too very long, the dream of Bob's will be realized.
A world teeming with healthy, happy and flagrantly weird subgeniuses.
Yitzy paradise on earth, brothers and sisters.
So get on out there, fought your sacred abnormality,
build up that mental life,
be as weird as you can be.
Our world depends on you.
Thank you very much.
Weird, weird, weird, weird.
That was...
Reverend... Reverend Crawford.
Right here.
everMatron University
Hello, what's your name?
You love football...
In this playthrough, I will tell you my favorite game
All your face, all your face, face, face
All your face, they're belong to us
All your face, all your face, face, face
All your face, they're belong to us
Pro tip, pro tip, pro tip, pro tip You know what you're doing, take off every sick
All your face, your face, face, face All your face, they're belong to us
All your face, your face, face, face All your face, they're belong to us
All your face, your face, face, face All your face, they're belong to us
All your face, your face, face
get off and uh and below the new review up here but friends i just want to leave you with that
one reminder the one thing you must always know them if they can't take the job
i have nothing to do with the churches of the subgenius praise bob
anarchy for the uk
now what i'd like to do first here is i'd like to have all the other popes preachers pastors
reverends bards and bishops of europe to come forward and we're going to sing a hymn
the fc subgenius football
supporters club theme song hooligans for bob
hooligans for bob and you you people from america come over here to share in this hour
of slack i want you to join in at any time you feel like are you ready are you ready
hallelujah
bob
you're welcome



i'm
ready
guys
jay

wide
stretch


chop

In 2101
War was beginning
What happened?
What happened?
Somebody set up us the bomb
We can signal
What?
What?

What?
Main screen
Turn on
It's you
How are you gentlemen?
All your base are belong to us
You are on the way to destruction
What you say?
You have no chance to survive
Make your time
Captain
Take off every dick
You know what you're doing
Move sick
For brave justice
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey










Hey
Hey






Hey
Hey
Hey

Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey







Take off every dick
You know what you're doing
Hey
Move sick
For great justice
Move sick

Hey
Hey
Hey


Hey Hey Right now
Move bomb



A bomb would fly
To Exactly
Dra

Are you sure?


You are on the way to destruction.
We get signal.
On your way out of the cyber system, please make the effort to say goodbye to Princess
Wayardo and the Reverend Dr. Ivan Stain for giving us this evening of slack here at Radio
Patapou, Amsterdam.
The station that never plays the hits.
Patapou.
Yes, we are chiseless, praise Bob, and thank God.
We shall not allow it for this evening.
It's all...
I've got nothing more to give you.
Our nuts are dry.
It's always down.
That's okay.
Bob!
Thank you, Bob.
For cleansing my memory.
Thank you, Bob.
For helping me see.
And, Bob, I'll follow you always.
That's right, Bob.
Until that next day.
Thank you, Bob.
For sending them here.
Thank you, Bob.
For finding them willing.
Teenage girls.
And, Bob, I'll follow you always.
That's right, Bob.
Until that next day.
Until that next day.
Until that next day.
Until that next day.
Until that next day.


Until that next day.

Until that next day.
Thank you, Bob.
By former subgenius, Buck Naked.
And see www.subgenius.com.
The number you have reached...
P.O. Box 1-4-0-3-0-6...
Has been changed.
The new number is...
P.O. Box.
2-0-4-2-0-6.
Austin, Texas.
7-8-7-2-0.
Please make a note of it.
You've just been listening to a radio production from the Mercury Theatre Company,
revived of What Happens When You Send $30 to Bob,
a information broadcast warning you, your children, your children's friends, your pets,
not to get involved with the Church of the Subgenius.
And remember, friends, www.subgenius.com.
That's the right thing to do.
Thank you.
