Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
The subgenius hour of slack.
Slack.
From A to B.
Sir, I'm the guy with the legal notices in the newspaper.
I'll give you some more.
So I got my girlfriend therapy,
and then would you please someone else serve this guy
and start the normal process and a peaceful process.
Then I have my key chain in the newspaper for children of the 60s, 50s.
Actually, I'm 50s and 60s.
I was in a hospital emergency room freezing in the 50s.
And my key chain's missing like once, twice, thrice, or whatever, once or twice.
And then my family's best one.
Then it involves Georgie the pizza maker, Jimmy Lieber, Perry Penza.
The kid I sent the picture to, the serial rapist,
and I'm in the paper I sent the picture to this kid,
Seabiscuit, related to Nancy Huntsman.
And they pass it around.
Then I'm missing my entertainers.
Oh, your guitar strings, the little thing on your acoustic guitar sensor,
see?
60s, once again, the same group.
Georgie the pizza maker, some Euclid police,
Euclid policeman's son.
I lost my keys.
Yes, sir, I'm the guy with my legal notice in advance in the newspaper,
including where I sit in a restaurant on a regular basis
with a bullseye painted around downtown Euclid,
but it involves liaison to Indian Affairs.
But I'm there at public forum.
You're allowed to approach my address in a story if you approach me properly.
Now, anyway, so I have my legal notice in the paper.
I lose my acoustic guitar, my entertainers,
a little wraparound for my guitar.
I'm the guy that circled in the newspaper
and sings a little bit of soul live on the radio in the 60s.
You can find more out about it.
Of course, my family has a privacy case,
but I had a music studio pension.
Then I lose the keys to the rock and roll radio experience.
I'm the kid that had the Nashville Connection,
and it would run with the story,
dial on down and move on up to the 90s for a music industry estimate.
This kid's going to invite a rap music estimate here,
the estimate, and they asked me to pass the...
Where the big chief got a golden crown, I think,
Indian Red, I think, played Here They Come,
Meet the Boys on the Battlefront, and Brother John.
Before that, and let me put that away here.
You are listening to...
ESO Radio, radio voice of no one.
On WCSB Cleveland, the radio voice of Cleveland State University.
And Einstein's Secret Orchestra is in the house tonight,
along with some very special guests.
Coming on up here every now and then,
they do this all the way from Texas.
And do you know who I'm talking about, boys and girls?
Yes, sir.
From the Church of the Subgenius,
the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Will be with us tonight.
And Lisa Lisa, queen of all UFOs,
will be hovering above him as well.
That's Princess We to you.
Princess We Are Doe, queen of all UFOs.
Lisa Lisa will do too.
Is that thing on?
Who cares?
Oh, baby Jesus.
Oh, baby Jesus.

Oh, baby Jesus.
What lovely tones.
The scree tones.
Well, Chaz, are you going to assign a topic for tonight?
Or are we just going to torture Dave like usual?
We will slander pigs.
Should we start the revolution?
I mean, we could.
We've been talking about it.
We've been talking about it for 30 years now.
We could just announce the revolution begins.
Man, the pigs are outside the door.
By the time you get this communique, it'll be too late.
Nah, let's not bother.
The crypt doors are open now.
Yeah, the crypt doors.
Yeah, they all fell open last night.
All them crypt doors down in the above ground cemeteries.
Those lovely above ground tombs.
Yeah, all the doors and all the crypt tombs fell.
They all fell open last night.
Yeah, you could smell it for miles away.
Frosty club-footed giants making their way through the heated snow.
I want to eat your brain.
And they were all on their way to Dr. Timothy Leary's funeral.
Because they knew that's where the real party was going to be.
Yeah, old Doc Tim.
Decided to step on, break on through to the other side, as they say.
And of course, you can imagine the sort of people that showed up for that wake.
Including thousands and thousands of the living dead.
And as they shuffled by the open coffin.
Looking down at Dr. Tim, Bob Dobbs came along.
He was down at the very end of the line.
Looked down with a tear running down his face.
And suddenly, the inner corpse of Dr. Tim.
Well, it sort of puked up.
This hard little crusty ball.
What happened?
Looked like hardened mucus.
And Bob and the other living dead corpses examined the thing.
It turned out to be apparently something like 2,000 to 3,000 old bodies.

And they were all blotted up, hits of blotter.
Completely undigested.
It had been like a gathering, like a giant hairball or a ball of string.
In the stomach of the great philosopher, Dr. Leary.
I think we all owe Dr. Leary quite a bit.
At this point, we perhaps owe him 2,000 to 3,000 hits of blotter.
Or, well, I don't know what it is.
If it was...
It might have been ESO.
Have you ever done any ESO?
Man, I took too much ESO last night.
Man, my head was splitting.
The water was melting.
I could hear colors.
Flying colors.
Oh, man.
Just like little red lizards flying in my eyelids.
I could see my personality disorders hovering in the air in front of me.
Forming a spinning mandala shape.
Ride the snake, man.
Some macro vacuum swirling around me.
Psychedelic vortex just picked me up.
Just go with it, Dave.
Let it take you.
You can't try to control this.
It's out of your control now, Dave.
Just try to let go.
Let go of your ego, man.
You're too tied up there.
Yeah, there you go.
That guitar solo proves that Dave is finally losing his ego.
Man, my fingernails are dirty blue.
What the hell?
It's like aluminum right now.
Yes, it looks like Dave has OD'd again on too much ESO.
Take them little stinky pinkies, man.
I took five of them.
Man, don't take the bread of ESO.
It makes your brain bleed.
Three will kill an elephant.
Loads of cowboy Dave gobbled down five of them boogers.
Literally.
Those old chunks broken off the hairball from Dr. Leary's stomach.
My God.
Don't worry about him.
He'll be just fine.
Look, he's starting to sweat now.
He lose a lot of evaporation in his sweat.
Lick his sweat, man.
That sweat will do things, hon.
Just roll it up in a little ball and let it dry.
And then you pack it up your exit wound.
It's a trip, dude.
Try it.
What's the matter?
Are you afraid?
Afraid your mom's gonna find out?
Come on.
Don't you wanna be cool?
Everybody's doing it.
Everybody's doing it.
Come on.
Just wipe it off and let it dry and roll it up.
Pack it right in, man.
Come on.
Let's split from Squaresville and blast off into Kicksville, daddy-o.

Let's.
Hey, look.
Everybody's running off the edge of a cliff.
Let's do it, too.
Okay.
Look.
Everybody's getting a tattoo of a spider web on the front of their face.
It'll be there forever, even when they go to apply for a job.
Let's do it, too.
Okay.
Hey, look.
Everybody's piercing themselves with nine-inch spikes through their abdomens.
That's it.
That looks cool.
Let's try it, kids.
Okay.
Everybody's having Dobson flies implanted in their foreheads, too.
Oh, they're letting...
Oh, so now they get high by letting Dobson flies lay eggs in the fore part of their brain.
Sure.
Let's all try some, kids.
I am one with my team.
I am one with my team.
Hey, everybody's cutting off their little finger.
Let's cut off our little finger.
That looks real cool.
Hey, man.
I read in that sub-Bible that you're supposed to...
Like, if you're really cool, you're supposed to be cool.





You will take a broomstick and wear it, insert it into your knee or a thigh.
And if you're really cool, you hang heavy stuff from it.
But if you're rich, just hang expensive stuff from it.
Is that like a designer broomstick?
Investment hints of the 90s.
Cheap, brittle fiberglass broomsticks will be a growth commodity.
In 1997.
You know, darling, I'd like to get a new one.
I think it's been, what, four months since we bought our last one?
Yeah, I guess you're right, honey.
This broomstick is a bit old and I'm tired of having to share it with the teenagers.
They get old daily.
Everything seems to get old daily.
It just like turns over and over like some sort of subliminal dream.
Everything does wear out in one day in the future.
I predict that everything you buy will be in one day.


Everything you buy will wear out in one day, beginning in the year 2001.
Fifteen minutes of fame.
Fifteen minutes of laundry use.
Fifteen minutes of wear.
Fifteen minutes of hair.
And tears.
Fifteen minutes of tears.
I predict that in the year 2049, Lonesome Cowboy Dave will finally have a top 40 radio hit.
Because it's welcome.
Well, that's what you call no �uent었.
But it's a little bit less than that.


When the day drops less than that, and I'm talking about when that day's in- Camp
man like, hey, themake, Hey, the make may almost 30 pieces.
I'll see you later.
Everybody has aンjoy there.
I'll see you later.
Steady that train.
Gr murderer.
I love this place man
And too many take too much
Yes so at one time
Results are near
Holocaust and repulsion
All too frequent are the
Quote
Bum trips or freak out
Which are horrendous
Encounters with madness
What is relished
By some and intensely disliked
By others is the loss of
Ego integrity
It may be partial with peculiar
Changes in body image
Or total with depersonalization
And a complete dissolution
Of ego intactness
This can be called
Ego death
And has certain correlates
With the spontaneously occurring
Transcendental state of spontaneous combustion
Man I can see your skull
I can see right through your skin
I can see your skull man
I can see your skull
Ultimately it can be the experience
Of insanity
And be accompanied by terror
And panic and echo effects
On late night
And late night
Radio broadcasts
But four thousand eyeballs
Pointing your direction
Can't be wrong
Four thousand eyeballs
Looking at you
Can't be wrong
They're staring at you man
Yeah you're sitting there
Watching TV
Listening to the radio
Yeah you're just
You're watching Beavis and Butthead
Watching MTV
Well who's watching you
Watching Beavis and Butthead
Watching MTV
I want you to ask yourself that
There's four thousand
In the set
Insect mind eyes on you right now
Several different insect tribes
Right there in your little house
Or your car as you're driving along
They're watching you
And they're taking notes boy
They're taking names
When the revolution comes
The insect revolution
You and me and every other two legged
Four legged as well
Is gonna be plum out of luck
You better stock up on that RAID
And Roach Motels buddies
You're gonna need them
You're gonna need them
That's...
That's...
You're dead
For millions and billions of years
Long before there was no Beavis
You know it
They crawled around and stood around
And deposited their filth
In pools of saline water
Yeah uh huh
Yeah sure they did
For thousands and millions and billions of years
They deposited their stuff in saline water
And that made for more and more and more and more of this
And they came forth
And they came forth
from the swamps to suck the blood of the mammals and the reptilian ones who
swatted them with their tails and later on their fly swatters but to what avail
to what avail according to the great doctor Hellstrom at the rate of insect
reproduction the entire earth will be completely blanketed in a mild thick
shell of living cockroaches within the next five years are you ready do you
have the cookbook do you have the cookbook which will explain to you how
to make nature's burger patties out of roach excrement
I woke up one morning to find myself transformed into some sort of monster's
vermin I looked down my brain you damn for
little time I'm gonna have to go to the hospital I'm gonna have to go to the
hospital I'm gonna have to go to the hospital I had to go to the doctor's
hospital I had to go to the doctor's there were fifteen of them my legs were
there were fifteen of them my legs were scrawny and fuzzy I coughed a phobia
scrawny and fuzzy I coughed a phobia I coughed a phobia I coughed a phobia
laying here on the rug that's disgusting I don't know open it up maybe you find
some hints of blotter in it I heard no no look at that it's nothing but
antidepressants and thorazine and stuff like that obviously this
This man has been medicated by professionals.
Very good.
It is beginning to ooze out of his skin now.
The cockroach hormones provide the perfect immunity.
Radioactivity.
Buzz him now.
Don't fool it. That makes that sound. I hate it.
Cockroach Legionnaires Disease Antidote Viral...
Uh, serum.
I've got it right here.
I've had some pornography.
Pills.
Abortion pills.
Oh, don't worry. You can follow...
Just follow the advice of the old doctor.
Take one of these and three of these.
We're acupillsters here. We're holy men.
We can apply the sacred acupillster knowledge.
And poke these pills into your sacred shop.
Here, give me the screwdriver. I'll bore a little hole in your elbow.
That's one of the points. One of the acupillster points.
Just follow the meridians.
Yes.
Find the spots.
Perfect sites.
We find the meridian on Dave. Let's see.
Where's his... He told me he had a headache.
And he needs a cure for bad guitarmanship.
According to this globe here, it's meridian...
Let's see. Latitude 365.
Longitude...
923.
I knew you could do it.
Okay.
Give me that pill.
I can see it in the mirror.
Give me that ice pick.
All right.
Yes.
Now, bend over, Dave.
No, no, no, no, please.
Here comes your pill.
No, no, I can't hold it.
Okay, now we gotta make a hole for it.
Oh, Dave's gonna be getting off any minute now.
He's gonna be seeing those flying colors.
He's gonna see the mandala made of Bob's pipes spinning in outer space.
He'll feel the flames of hell.
He'll feel the flames of hell licking at his, uh, behind.
Hopefully rendering it a little more attractive.
It's been singed off a bit.
And, and most of all, Dave will be high as a kite, yes?
In...
Perhaps his creativity will improve.
Man, I...
Hey, if I looked at the insides of my eyelids, I could see...
Millions and billions of cockroaches getting it on.
Oh, yeah.
This is better than any of those videos you were trying to see.
I'm telling you, the church...
Oh, man, these cockroaches are really doing it like dogs, man.
I never saw an insect with such a fibrillation.
So I say, basically, I ain't living though.
But...
Wow!
A little, a little, a little, a little...
This subject is now experiencing the retinal flea circus.
And during which, uh, the simple pheromone, uh, color bars that, uh, occur on the, uh, inside of the eyelid are being mistaken for scurrying...
Oh, my God, those are cockroaches.
Oh, he's got cockroaches living under his eyelids.
Oh, I've heard some horror stories about old folks' homes, but this is...
This is, this is a per...an otherwise healthy man walking around with bedsores.
And cockroaches living in bedsores.
Man, I've never seen anything like...
Hey, look at their hideous, scrabbling legs.
Their stiff exoskeletons scraping across the corneas.
Oh, my God.
The eyes.
Oh, man, give me a...
I took too much ESO.
It can break my...
The antidote, Monique.
Stop having it.
Stop having it, man.
Those are...
They're not real.
They're not real.
It's, it's just a...
A hallucination.
Somebody give me the rain, quick.
Oh, man.
Okay, Dave, open your mouth.
Here comes the rain.
Oh, shit.
Look at this.
Hey, hey.
Do you want to have another hit of that?
Yeah, hey, hey, hey, try this mace, daddy-o.
Oh, you're breaking my eyeballs.
I'm gonna have a little PCP, okay?
Here.
Yes.
Rain, yeah, man.
Ride the snake, dude.
Ride the snake.
Hey, you know, that's the endorphins that get you off.
Yeah, man.
Here, here, take this ax and cut your right hand off.
You're gonna dig it.
Wait until you feel the endorphins.
Oh, no.
Oh, it...
Look, Dave's hand lives on.
It crawled up onto, up his leg.
It's crawling up the guitar line.












It's on the guitar again.
The hideous, disembodied Dave hand is trying to play some sort of...
Oh.
That's kind of cool.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm glad we disconnected that hand from his brain.
Yeah, man.
My hand was harmful anyway.
Who needs a standard flingy-dong hanging from it anyway?
This hand boy is harmful.
I feel lighter.
The hand has experienced ego death and is now able to play a pure jazz riff without
any...


fear or self-consciousness.
No, man.
Yeah, I can just pound this stuff right out, man.
I can play the keyboard.
I'm not even touching it.
Now I'm touching it.
Hey, man.
I got control over three or four different joysticks.
Yes, Dave is far less clumsy now that his organs have been separated from a connection
to his brain.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Yeah?
The role of claro reclamación.
Yeah.
And...
Sorry.




Is it什麼leri or setasha?
Yeah.

Okay,こっち.
The
I wouldn't hurt no one. It wasn't me, doctor. It was the hand. The hand had an evil mind of his own. You see, my ego died. Yes, I took off. Yes, I went. And my ego died. I didn't know no lonesome cowboy, David. Nothing. And then my hand, I said, it's mine, mine. No, it's not my hand. And then my hand was gone. And off to do its own evil bidding in the world. And I didn't kill him. I didn't kill him.
The poor deluded fool. He took too much ESO. Dave, look at him now. He's crawling around in circles. He thinks that the hand, the disembodied hand, killed his friend. But it was merely too much ESO.
The hand killed Timothy Leary. I know it for a fact. They say he died of naturalistic causes. But I don't know how to tell. I had a dream that was flying through the air like one of those little fangirls.
And now it's outside looking in.
And now Dr. Tim is seen ensconced in an easy chair in heaven. A floating easy chair. Surrounded by lovely maidens and fellow acupilasters.
Floating in an easy chair.
Flying colors all around his head. Living in total slack. Because, yes, Dr. Timothy Leary was a news-paying minister in the church of the subgenius. Thus has ascended beyond this lowly meat plane.
And he has abandoned his flesh shell to go to, yes, a better place. To the great web in the sky.
Yes, you can still visit Timothy Leary's...
...aetheric website.
And find out what pills he's taking now that he's...
...now that he can get any.
Friends, you can...
...you can score in subgenius hell.
That's what we've been saying all along.
Now you're finally starting to catch on, right?
Finally.
To get it through the head.
They finally, finally read that first line in the first book of Neuronicus 57.
Where it says...
...Jesus did take pills in church.
...in church.
And we're not talking about, as Daniel and I have to please preach, we're not talking about no Tylenol, friend.
Hell, Moses took Tylenol.
Hell, Muhammad took Tylenol.
We're talking about...
And we're not talking about B.C. powders.
Of course, B.C. powders were before Christ.
Or the A.C. powders.
No, sir.
We're talking about pills, man.
Serious pills.
In fact, here in commemoration of X days gone by, we're going to pass out the froth cakes.
These little cakes here, Nate.
We have one.
Living habiflops, ziplops, plants grown on the graves there.
Oh, this is so good.
This is my, or it is Bob's body and drink of this.
Oh, he tastes like...
Oh, this is...
Oh, man.
Wow.
Oh, I can't quit chewing.
It's like...
It's heavy.
It makes me want to chew more.
It's very heavy.
I'm starting to...
I'm starting to feel a little different.
Oh, there's nothing in them.
They're just dirt.
Corn starch and mud.
I started to feel constipated.
Yeah, a little dobson.
A little dobson fly in there, too?
Yeah, a little bit.
A little dobson fly wing.
A little bit.
Yep.
Less than 1.5% roach parts.
Less than 1.5% roach parts?
And vegetable fat.
I didn't know vegetables could get fat.
More froth cakes?
Chaz, you want a froth cake?
I remember I gained a few pounds last weekend.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, man.
You got...
Vegetables can get fat.
Oh, yeah.
You're gonna have to...
You're gonna have to take appetite suppressants for weeks after eating a froth cake.
But you won't have to eat food again.
Ever.
Nope.
Nope.
One hit.
Free.
That's all you need.
Never come down.
Never be hungry again.
Mmm.
If I could just finish this froth cake.
It never seems to end.
It just...
It's funny how you eat that...
Mine's bigger.
The hot...
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I didn't mean that way.
I mean, my froth cake is getting bigger.
Why?
They seem like mine's not really getting any bigger.
But I can't make it any smaller no matter how much of it I eat.
I think my mouth is getting smaller and this thing's staying the same size.
Well, now that you've mentioned it, the ceiling does look a little higher now, doesn't it?
I thought the ceiling looked a lot lower.
As a matter of fact, I'm having trouble reaching up to this microphone now.
I didn't even know the microphone was on in the room.
Is it in the room?
This froth...
Now this froth...
My froth cake is getting bigger.
My froth cake is getting bigger.
My froth cake is getting smaller now.
Well, we could stop eating it, I suppose.
I can't stop eating it.
That's another thing.
I can't stop eating this froth cake and it can't stop getting smaller and bigger at the same time.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
It's a pretty good froth cake, though.
I suppose you could say that.
I don't even taste it anymore.
I just can't stop eating it.
I mean, it's kind of full, but you know what?
I didn't taste so good.
I just don't want to stop eating it.
Did Tiny Tim, like, dressed up in, like, one of those weird broom...
I mean, those chimney sweep guys or just, like, one of those old kind of guys that...


used to drive the funeral trucks, walk in.
I mean, you know, with a big black hat on and stuff.
I mean, it looked like Tiny Tim with a big black hat on and it, like, you know, one of them...
Oh, never mind.
I think you've been...
You've been eating too much of that froth cake, buddy.
What Reverend Stang and Lonesome don't know is that secretly inside the froth cakes is some alien smegma pie mixed in with dough.
You know, I think this froth cake is starting to eat me.
It tastes like it's starting to digest the entire...


I'm starting to feel kind of doughy.
I'm starting to feel like my flesh is getting all tasty and all rubbery.
Though becoming quite tasty.
Moist and flabby like...
...greasy fried chicken.
I'm starting to feel like a froth cake that hasn't been cooked.
I feel like we are...
Like I am dough.
Like we are dough.
We are dough.
It's gross, man.
It's like we...
What have we...
I'm just kidding.
I was...
Dough.
But I kind of know what I'm talking about.
I mean...
You've got like a spare of candy to go on right out of the middle of your thorax.
I'm getting doughy.
Give me another froth...
Oh, I still have this froth cake.
I just...
No.
Gradually, Reverend Stang and Lonesome turn into dough boys, munching away on their hemp cakes, the sacred ones.
I...
Close your eyes, girl, look inside, but let the sound take you away.
Last night I hold a lettuce lamp and so I wish that I could stay before the thing could answer
I love you.
It was 1916.
Somewhere in the south of France.
Or maybe it was the east of France.
Somewhere near the Avignon.
Three men in a trench together.
One with a pipe.
One with a froth cake.
And one with a pierced eyelid.
How many did you say were in that trench?
Three, not counting...
Well, there were five. Five in the trench.
No.
And one with a...
One with a Swiss Army knife.
Six men in a trench.
One with a Swiss Army knife.
One with a small nuclear device.
One with a pierced nostril.
One with a pipe.
One with a froth...
That's...
No, that's seven, not right?
One with a froth cake.
One with a pipe.
Three with a...
Okay, there.
And then...
Well, anyway.
And then the guy with the small tank of nuclear weapons says...
Oh, now, what does he say?
I can't remember, Doctor.
Oh, I messed it up.
He starts singing, row, row, row your boat.
He screamed in Sumerian.
Thank you, thank you, Reverend, for those words before these.
Brave young men had to die for no reason.
You guys got to get closer to the microphone there.
Or you need nothing coming through on those tapes.
I...
The needles aren't even moving when you're talking three feet away from the microphone.
Who, me?
Who, me?

I can sure hear me.
You can...
Yeah.
I don't know about Dave.
Dave's drifting off into another world.
Oh, Dave's so shy.
Dave's afraid to get in there and bogart that microphone.
Into rugged testosterone.
He's afraid to get any of that spit from the previous users of this microphone anywhere near his mouth.
I can't say as I blame him.
I see some weird-looking jokers leave this station late at night.
Microbes.
Microbes.
Microbes.

Microbes.
DJs.
Hi.
And diseases of the follicles you find in your own bathtub.
Did you take a shower last night and realize that there were microbe DJs attached to your genitalia?
Slapping little headphones on them.
I knew it all along.
That's a kind of a sick thought.
Little microbe DJs attached to your genitals?
It depends on the DJs.
They're some great...
real real uh attractive ones that work for the big conspiracy radio stations all those conspiracy guys
i'll have a big good looking djs real big strapping handsome engineers and of course
lovely a beautiful drive time postage women and hairy big chested rugged helicopter driving clean
clean microphones with no roach spittle dripping off of them big girl they've got it they've got
it made at the conspiracy radio station they made it all they made it and they gave it they served
it up and some of them have big big big corrupting oh they got a corrupting eight and heads they've
got there they've been debating they ain't never gonna demagnetize but you know that's what we've
got i was on them they can't demagnetize their heads no there's conspiracy on them and sure we
may be
even be with spittle covered microphones and this these sort of well sweat not very attractive uh
co-workers well just sort of yeah we may not have any money or or any shoes or any air conditioning
units or any sponsors paper or any socks sir any type sandwiches once in a while transmitters
back my god at least we're not a conspiracy
at least
We're as pure as a driven stone.
We follow our own vision, whatever the hell that might be.
In my case, I'm saying dope.
At least we can demagnetize our heads now and then.
Just a little, little pop here, a little rub there.
I don't feel no different.
I'm not jealous of those highly paid conspiracy radio employees.
Oh, they have to have their blood tested every 15 minutes.
Them guys can't even demagnetize their groins.
We need to magnetize our heads.
Can you imagine that? FM DJs peeing in a cup.
Now, that's, think how sad that is.
That's a sign of the end times.
Think how sad that is.
That is, that is.
It's, you know, when FM, well, I knew it was the,
I knew the end was coming when comic books went up to 50 cents.
Well, this one guy, they made him go in a little styrofoam thing.
And this other guy, I guess he was well in a big old coffee mug.
Now, I don't understand what's behind all this.
Is it just some kind of...
Is it just some kind of new sort of fad, or why do they do it?
They do it for love, Dave.
Love of suaveness, coolness, and order.
You mean like I could pick up a girl if I could just,
like maybe command her to pee in the right kind of vessel?
Well, most people, maybe not you,
but most people could pick up a girl by commanding her to pee in the right vessel.
I don't like the way where this is going, Dave.
Well, now, what does this picture say to you?
What do you see in this random inkblot, Dave?
Well, once again, I see the cockroach-ridden growing cakes,
and I also see somebody trying to get away.
It looks like his feet are tied to that post.
Man, but he's trying to reach that radio dial.
He's trying to reach that off switch, or at least, at least, Lord,
let me reach the volume switch.
Oh, please let me find the volume switch on that ES.
I took too much ESO.
If only I could just turn the volume down.
Maybe, maybe even find the off switch.
Or, or, oh, my God, I could unplug it.
But those DJs, those ugly DJs tied my feet to this light post.
I can't quite reach the radio.
They made me wear this tape deck around my neck,
so I have to hear their stinking horrible voices and awful music all night long.
It's pointless. I don't even see what the reason for it is.
But why? I donated money to WCSB.
Radio.
I, I, I tossed, I called, well, I didn't actually send in my pledge.
I, I did call it in.
And now they've got me tied up and they make me listen to this one show over and over again.
I, I never wondered why, why I never should have took that ESO.
Some kids said no.
No.
We have a confession to make.
You're forgiven.
I am.
But, but, but, I've sinned.
I have no sin.
I have sat in the back seat of cars with bird-hanging ladies.
I commanded them to urinate in strange vessels.
Uh-oh.
It's the only one you have
You wanna take her with a plane
You're gonna walk in in the rain
Watch her fall, it's gonna be bad
That's the man inside my head
Spirit never have to leave
All she gotta do, believe
A faith healer
Where's my faith healers?
Start preaching any time now.
We were in the other room smoking cigarettes.
We can't faith heal people unless they're, you know, well, you know, oh, where's my, my hurt phones?
I think I could come by the little security and sit by my hand, but really, I didn't follow you.
I didn't make a tip on the back.
Put your hands on the radio.
Just put your hands on the radio.
I know I can, I'm in discernment now.
I'm in the spirit and I can feel out there.
I can feel that there's a young man.
He's in pain.
He's in spiritual pain.
He doesn't know.
He doesn't know where the next paycheck's gonna come.
And his mom and dad are ashamed of him because he doesn't have a job and his girlfriend's threatening to leave him.
And he's got a, he's got a pain, a pain in his leg.
Oh, he doesn't have a leg on that side.
And I see, I'm in discernment and I see a young girl.
No, she's not.
Actually, she's an old, old mattress back, but she's, she's an old piece, but she's feeling, she's feeling alone.
She's feeling lonely.
She feels like nobody loves her out there.
Nobody finds her attractive anymore.
And I,
I want you to know, ma'am, that there's preachers and faith healers right out here at this radio station.
If we think you're real cute, ma'am, you just send that love offering in.
We can heal you of your loneliness and we can lift you, lift away that which has enslaved you.
Yes, we can lift off that weight, that heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy load in your back pocket.
It's been pulling you down.
It's a chain is what it is.
It's a ball and chain attached to that conspiracy day job.
I know you feel guilty about working for a living.
Bob forgives you for now, but how long are you going to let it go on?
How long are you going to be a slave to that mess of little green handcuffs and that back pocket organ of yours?
Now, I want you to just reach back there.
Just cut yourself free.
Just cut yourself free.
Don't just throw it away.
Send it.
It's, it's, it's, don't put it back into the world where it'll just infect another soul.
Send it on to Dallas.
Send it to the subgenius foundation office.
And we'll cleanse and purify that demonic spirit living in your back pocket, in your purse, in your bank account.
We will cast out that demon, my friend.
We're going to get down.
We're going to grab him by the horns.
We're going to wrestle with him.
We're going to wrestle with that demon.
We're going to twist him.
We're going to hog tie that little, that little booger.
We're going to whoop him down.
And we're going to cleanse it.
And it feels like water.
It feels like a stream of water when you're saved.
It'll be like a river.
River in your brain.
Going from your brain all the way down to your butt, then back up to your brain.
Oh, it's free.
Free.
Yes, you healed.
Healed, healed, healed.
Now.
That's good.
That's a good, Bobby.
Hands down.
You can put my hands on you.
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I.
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Just as you have heard the Reverend Ivan Stain
will excise demons from your pocketbook,
from your purse or wallet.
He'll excise demons from your heart,
from your mind, from your spirit and your soul.
He'll cut it out like the wooded, wooded,
rotting part of a tree.
Pray, Stomps, he will do this and more for you
if you only include a flaw.
Donation to the church,
because that church that is going to save you
needs to keep its feet on the ground.
It needs to say,
Solomon, it needs to keep on running and working for you.
And it ain't running backwards, friends.
It ain't running backwards.
It's running right on time.
I'm sorry.
Wait, wait, did you believe me?
I'm sorry.
And it's going to run you down.
As Dr. LeGuin used to say,
it's better to be a speeding car
than a blind man crossing against the light.
Now you think about it.
You're just going to go wandering right into that street
blindfolded by the conspiracy,
by the normalcy vibes bombarding you from that MTV,
from that television set, that radio,
present company excluded.
Or are you going to rip that blindfold off,
commandeer a car,
carjack the next car you see come by,
preferably a fast one,
and drive directly into the light.
Yes, drive into the light.
Drive into the light at full speed,
120 miles an hour.
And sure, it may be an oncoming Mack truck,
but if so, at least you proved your faith.
At least you're healed.
At least you're saved.
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Yeah, can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my swollen, sweaty, stinking, carbuncled hands
on you for just one week?
One minute.
One minute.
I don't want to touch you for long.
Can I put my hands on you?
I don't want to touch you deep inside.
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
See, we always end up doing that.
Every one of these shows,
we always end up doing that.
Oh, I've got to flip.
I've got to...
Excuse me, I have to see a tape about flipping it.
Yes, see a man...
Flipper's here?
Flipper is here right now in the studio.
Flipper's here.
And now, ladies and gentlemen...
Everyone loves the king of the sea.
Da da da da.
For you and for me.
They call him Frapper.
Frapper.
Under the sea.
Frapper under the sea.
He's Frappin' for me.
Under the sea.
They call him Frappin'.
Frapper.
Frapper.
More grunt cakes anyone?
I'll have a grunt cake, yeah.
Yeah, let's see, they're still kind of stuck together down here.
Hey, Chad, the place looks kind of like south of the border commercial, though.
You know, like Guadalajara, you know, talk radio or something.
Now, welcome to the show tonight.
In our studio, we present to you tonight,
Reverend Ivan Stein of the Church of the Sovereign.
Mejor el sabido de la Church of the Sovereign.
Ahora va a hablar con nosotros del Bab, de su religión, de sus ideas.
Bienvenido, señor Reverend Ivan Stein.
Quiere usted y buena noche, una caro fasto.
Quiere usted y mucho dinero.
Y las chicas bonitas.
Sí, sí, sí, ya lo entiendo.
¿Conoce usted la iglesia del Sovereign?
Sí, sí.
Y el Slack Master, Bob Dobbs.
Sí, sí, lo conozco, sí, sí.
Bob es el Master de Slack.
Sí, el Master de Slack, pero la palabra Slack, ¿cómo se dice la palabra Slack?
¿Qué significa Slack, Slack, Slack?
¿Con cuántos oímos constantemente la palabra Slack?

Sí, sí, sí.
Ya voy.
Por instancio.
Por instancio, sí, sí.
Por instancio, yo, yo, trabajo, trabajo muy fuerte.
Muy, muy, con, oh, qué lástima.
Es tan, tan, tan, bueno.
Bien lo recuerdo, mi amigo.
Es el insulto del sol.
Sí, sí.
Sí.
Y cuando se insulta el sol, el Bob Dobbs, se dice...
Bob, Bob Dobbs.
¡Caro de conspiracia!
Sí, cuando se, cuando Bob se chinga al conspiración.
¿Caro de qué?
Ah, para el jato, para el jato del sopeño.
Para el jato del sopeño, sí, sí.
Y el fuerte del yete.
El snowman abominable.
Ah, sí, sí, sí.
Del Himalaya.
Claro, claro.
Himalaya, Montalas, y el Frop.
Que Bob fumar.
Fumar.
Sí, sí, sí.
Ah, es el, el esfuerzo del, del...
Todo su poder.
El gran fuerte.
Sí, sí, sí, sí, sí, sí.
Y los llaves, sí.
Los llaves de la ciudad del oro.
Y café.
Bien dicho.
Ah, y mujeres, mujeres grandes.
Sí, sí, sí, las mujeres.
Mujeres muy fuertes.
Y bonitas también, sí.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Sí, sí, sí, sí, sí.
Y los, los, los...
Los muy pelosos.
Los muy pelosos.
Las peloso.

Muy peloso.
Canjos.
Sí, sí, sí, sí.
Y los...
Los pequeños.
Como un amonio.
Dios.
Y huevos con gallo.
Y con salsa.
Lo mejor salsa del mundo.
Pero esa es un otro de historia más, más, más importante es el dinero que necesitas
usted, eh, necesitas, por, por...
Por su iglesia.
Bob, Bob.

Necesita el dinero en muchas cuantasias.
Porque el dinero es el sol del espacio.
El dinero es el gran mundo del mundo.
De todas las maneras de los insanitos y los libros broquenos.
Listo para comer como los Frediskuits, no?
Oh, si, si, si.
Frediskuit.
Con los americanos.
Y los gringos siempre que le dicen que...
Pero no, no, no.
Ahora nos vemos en su casa con sus reyos juntos.
Y ahora vamos a conseguir con...
Bluey Dog.
Bluey Dog.
I don't hear anything warm.
My hands flatten like a frying pan.
I'm looking for something in my life.
I'm looking for something in my life.
Are you looking for something in your life, Dave?
Have you heard the good news?
Bob Dobbs is dead again.
Bob is dead again?
Yes, we killed Bob again.
We dragged, we...
Well, actually we thought we were gonna kill Jesus first.
We scourged him.

We scourged him and whipped him and drove him up the hill out there in Brushwood, out there in Sherman, New York, you know, a couple of weeks ago.
And then, but, you know, the last one that came down to it, we just thought, well, now Jesus, hell, he ain't responsible for Jesse Helms and, you know, Pat Robertson and Adolf Hitler and all that, and, you know, Jane Fonda and all those terrible people.
Jesus has been trying to make up for what he done wrong.
And so we thought, let's not kill Jesus.
Let's spare him this time.
We're subgeniuses.
Let's kill Bob!
What can I say?
We were drunk, you know, too many grunt cakes.
But, but we, well, we did it.
We nailed him up.
You should have seen it.
Jesus and El Diablo and Dr. Leguimo, all of us flopped Bob's dead body down.
He had a beautiful, excited, if you know what I mean.
You can tell.
He kind of dug it.
He had a big grin on his face the whole time.
Took these big old, big old railroad spike nails, hammered his hands in, hammered his ankles in.
Pushed the stump up that we had him all nailed to.
Dr. Leguimo ran up, sprayed, we spit on him.
Oh my God.
And gambled beneath the cross, you know, threw some dice, poked sticks in his side.
He did?
He thirsted and we spit on him some more.
Didn't you even give him a little drink of vinegar?
Yeah, yeah, we did.
We did give him a little drink of vinegar and we mocked him.
And then Dr. Leguimo sprayed starter fluid all up and down Bob's neck.
Nailed up, crucified corpse.
And I tried to set it on fire with my magic sword, but it didn't work that day.
And so Dr. Leguimo burned up Bob with his propane torch.
And we frolicked and we got out some marshmallows and some hot dogs and we roasted them over Bob's slimy corpse.
And that is a true story.
Sorry.
But it physically, actually, literally happened about two weeks ago.
I remember seeing some footage on, I think it was Mysterious Late Night Tonight or something like that.
Yeah, yeah, we were on Rickey Lake a couple of nights after that.
It was shaky handheld footage.
It showed the visage of the Reverend Ivan Stang furtively running through the woods.
And they came to a clearing and there were like 20 bobbies on their knees with their heads bent forward.
And then, out from another undergrowth nearby, it looked like the, it looked like Jesus Christ actually was there.
And he was literally wearing his robe and he's, he's, he's gorged out crown of thorns and all that stuff like that.
And, and, and Leguimo, Leguimo, Catan Leguimo, that, that twisted man, he, he was carrying some kind of hopper and waving his arms about frantically and barking and I think Romanian or something.
And then they, they walked up to each one and, and, and they pointed at him.
And Jesus either said yes or no.
And if he said no, he pulled out his gun and he shot him.
Shot, shot him three times.
He shot him.
And he just went down the line and said, yes, you know.
And it, it was the most horrifying thing I've ever seen.
And it was all real footage, man.
I, I got the word, man.
It ran straight from a horse's mouth.
It's real, buddy.
Well, you see what I mean?
Jesus is doing the best and, and his good general at arms, Dr. Leguimo, are doing the best they can to make up for Jesus' many mistakes.
Those bobbies were no better than Christians in the eyes of Bob.
They had tithed very little.
They were false.
They bore false witness against Bob.
They thought Bob was funny.
Funny.
You mean like a clown?
Yeah, I bet.
They thought Bob was real funny all right when that .38 caliber lead jacketed pope hat and bullet shot through the back of their head and out the front.
You think Bob's funny?
You think Bob's funny?
Like, you some kind of clown?
You laughing at Bob?
You laughing at Bob?
Oh, Bob, he's just like Mad Magazine.
That's all there is.
That's right, officer.
Just like, well, just like Mad Magazine.
It's just not as politically correct, if you know what I mean.
I think you can understand what I'm saying there, officer.
Oh, yes, sir.
So, yeah, Mad Magazine.
Oh, so that's all you're doing.
You're just doing a satire.
Sir, I mean, these bullets are supposed to be in their heads.
That's part of the art form.
You know, it's a takeoff.
Takeoff on like Jonestown.
Remember that time of nuts and that Waco crap, you know, all that stuff?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, if that's all you're doing, just a takeoff.
And an anti-
Oh, that, that's, we're doing an anti-drug officer.
Well, that's what we're trying to get at.
We're trying to see specifically, you know, like, I heard so much recently, and what I want to know is, is it like a sick joke or, you know, after the recent bombings we've had and so much trouble with terrorism, and now we see the rise of these cults, for instance.
The Church of the Subgenius, the Freemen out west, and now the rise of the Church of the Subgenius, a group that clearly is involved in satanic ritual, perhaps even ritual murder.
Just satanic.
I'd like to at least, to at least elaborate a little bit on your philosophy, because callers out there that are listening have the idea that you support a cult which actually murders inductees or bobbies, whatever you call them, if they don't perform up to your standards.
Murder is rather a harsh word, don't you think, Dave?
Well, yeah.
And these aren't just satanic rituals.
I mean, it's not just Satan by any means.
We'll do a ritual liberation of the spirit in the name of any god.
We ask the liberatees just which gods they would like to be liberated under which name of, and, you know, it's free will.
All right, I understand what you're saying.
We want to illustrate these.
But, Dave?
I would love that though, really, to just put a limit.
They said we were baptizing absolutes so that the unsanitary people would come by to kill
night long 20 of them i don't even know if 20 of them walked up and said yeah praise bob slack man
is it if it's within your slack sure i'll get down on my knees and you can like shoot me
praise god whatever you say reverend stank dr laguim are you famous subgenius preachers well
well i just want to do whatever you guys just tell me to that's how we deal with him that's
why we kill bob if it ain't bob then he's dead good riddance if it is bob comes back to life no
big deal no big deal well i have a i have here a quote from it's from the new york times it's
from the uh may of 1985 cult watch says the church of the subgenius is gathering recruits every day
and much to the chagrin of many cult watch authorities and people involved in the media
nothing can stop this uh conspiracy oriented church
and their strange rituals what do you think of something like that well the new york times
you're talking about circle of ten right there a circle and i explain what you mean by the circle
of ten some of our listeners have no idea well you know because there's all these crackpot
conspiracy ideas going around but the circle of ten are the ten what what are at any given time
are the ten richest uh entities usually they're old fat white men but sometimes they're just a
company other disney circle of ten um
mcdonald's circle of ten um time warner uh japan well once again you're back to this conspiracy
philosophy of reality those are but that's that's a conspiracy sure but it's a pathetic
two-bit even the circle of ten the people who ostensibly control the world that is a tiny
miniscule conspiracy compared to the real conspiracy which is the conspiracy of the average
everyday garden variety
normal human beings out there who in fact do i repeat do i tell you conspire together
to rob away the slack the slack the pure slack i tell you
of weed the abnormals the unpredictables the subgeniuses that the sons and daughters
of the mighty yeti yes we the chosen well i know your eyes are getting a little moist when you say
that i wonder of the quote he did a wonderful work he goes down a RPG course in warcraft that was a mad—
And perhaps if you've heard also talk of a group of people out in the West who claim that not only are you satanically inspired, but their duty, their mission on Earth is to wipe out the Church of the Subgenius and also to, I think there's something with rubbing things.
I think you're talking about the Fremen.
The Fremen.
The Fremen, yes.
They have devoted themselves to wiping out the Subgenius Empire.
They think they can control the frop, the spice.
Through ovulation and short spice.
Yes, we've managed to keep them out in the desert all this time.
They're a pathetic, sad little...
You see, just as we must fight the conspiracy of the normals, so must those who are a little bit too abnormal.
See what I mean?
You've got to draw the line somewhere.
I mean, let's face it.
Sure, we're weirdos to the normals, but there are some people that are weird even to us.
So it's our duty to do the same thing to those little, real messed up weirdos that the normals do to us.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and...
We'll be right back.
