Come, fly the teeth of the wind, share my wings.
You know, of course, that you are living in a power age.
What are you doing with it?
I call this power TNT because it is dynamite.
Use it rightly, and it can bring you anything you want.
Use it wrongly, and it can eventually produce for you what you don't want.
But you cannot get away from this power.
Just listening to what I'm telling you now can be the turning point in your life.
Yes.
Join us now as we rocket away out of normal time into showtime
with your favorite horrifying horror host, Mobius Rex.
And you'll hear the voices of puzzling evidence, Gary G. Bofram,
live in a cast of thousands more.
It's mysterious, evil, spooky, eerie, creepy, wacky, kooky, fun.
It's the subgenius.
Power of the Watch.
And here we've got the brains of the whole operation.
The faster the signal goes out from here to the satellite,
we bump it out all over the world.
Pretty fancy, huh?
Not too flaky with it myself.
Thank you, Pentagon.
You're welcome to board.
Spell satellite program.
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Your message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang,
sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius,
with Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon,
before the sermon,
before the sermon,
before the sermon,






before the sermon,
A message concerning Bob Dobbs, living avatar of Slack, and saint of saints.
You're buying time.
Time, friends.
Time.
All the time.
Mr. Moneybags.
He's paying a salary.
A salary.
He throws in a hundred bucks a week, and consequently, I can't preach against drinking
because his icebox is full of beer.
I hope he's talking about you, my friend.
Pay us to fill our beer.
Iceboxes with beer.
I have to let him out for 15 minutes between Sunday school and worship service,
so then go out and light up a Chesterfield or something.
What kind of Jesus smoke, friends?
It's time to open your heart.
Close your mind and zip your lips and bend over
because you're about to receive the word.
I heard of Bob.
Well, of Bob?
Of Bob.
Ah, yes, dear, dear friends, Hour of Slack listeners.
This is a special message I'm making to you.
To you.
To explain what this particular segment of the show is all about.
Now, as you may have suspected,
the Hour of Slack is actually produced in the gleaming, futuristic, mechanized metroplex
of Bob.
Dallas, Texas.
And the specially edited holy tapes are prepared
at the Subgenius Foundation skyscraper headquarters
on, well, on church equipment.
And then the show is ranted and the tapes played live
at the studios of a little station called KNON,
a public-supported station, dear friends,
a station run by a bunch of weird geeks and hippies
and rednecks.
And weirdos and religious nuts out of this haunted house
in the scariest neighborhood in town.
And then the tape of that is sent to your local station
at a very low cost with all the local Dallas and Fort Worth information edited out.
Sometimes we have to edit out more than usual.
Because, you see, the Hour of Slack depends on this day and time.
Dallas station, KNON, and K-NON depends on listener support,
which is drummed up, as you might guess, by pledge drives.
In fact, one in every 6.5 Hour of Slack shows is a pledge drive show,
which you non-Texas listeners do not hear.
For, uh, on pledge drive shows, we say the Dallas phone number over and over
and beg, threaten, and wheedle for money.
And generally act like the ordinary run-of-the-mill Christian evangelist.
And these are some of our very best shows,
but we don't normally send them out of town
because, well, they're idiots.
You know, pinks might get the wrong idea about their local station
and might get to dialing that number, which in Dallas reaches us.
But in your town might reach some poor innocent old lady
who doesn't know what to do.
And since she might be a little old subgenius lady,
we don't want to pester her needlessly.
So, usually when we do pledge drive shows in Dallas,
we just send out old show tapes to the affiliate stations.
I mean, after all, this one is show number 339,
and nobody but a few Dallasites ever heard the first 150.
But in this case, we had a very special guest for our pledge drive show.
Dr. G. Gordon Gordon, Bob Dobbs' personal bodyguard
and master of the Dobbstown 2 and 3 compounds in South America.
And, well, it's just such a statement on televangelism and all, you might say,
that I decided to go ahead and send out this show
only to the Dallas community.
Only with the phone numbers and certain other things edited out.
Therefore, what you are about to hear
is an edited version of a Dallas pledge drive show
intercut with an older hour of slack show
also starring G. Gordon Gordon as guest expert.
Praise Bob, let there be slack.
Huh!
Uh, yes, dear friends, and thanks to those who pledged in last week's pledge drive show,
which, by the way, is not played on the sister and brother stations
to which we send the tapes of the show for later replay.
Well, let's put on some, like, churchly music.
There we go, and we'll bring it up.
Ah, yes.
It's perfect music for a pledge drive.
A lovely pledge drive on the hour of slack.
Ah, yes, and I know that you are good, good, good friends
or are going to want to...
You're going to...
You're welcome this time, this chance
to give unto Bob Dobbs that which is Bob's.
And we know that you're going to do it of your own free will.
That's right, friends.
And we won't have to sack Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
I don't want to have to come looking for you
to make sure that you fulfill those pledges that you make to this station.
Anybody can call up and say,
Oh, yes, I pledge.
I'll give my money to Dobbs and K-N-O-N.
Oh, yeah, here you have put me down for a million dollars.
And when time comes for that check to arrive,
does it ever arrive?
No, dear friends,
because you either sobered up or you got scared
and you didn't pledge.
Oh, they believe in faith, not works.
Faith is enough for some of these, dear friends.
Do you wear designer jeans?
Do you feel like in your teens?
Are you more than a man of means?
Is everything less than rough?
Are you middle class enough?
Are youcor概?
Tell me, Ranch.

Yes,ou.
You know that 在這елоまで

I'll always be your friend.
No I'll never be
But you're dead as a beaver hat.
But you're dead as a beaver hat.
But you're dead as a beaver hat. But you're dead as beaver hat. But you're dead as a hold jelly beaver hat. But you're dead as a beaver hat. But you're dead as a beaver hat. But you're dead as a bea-
beaver hat. But you're dead as a
beaver hat. And why
look at these lovely ministers
manning the phone banks. They're standing by
with a bank of phones, friends,
waiting for your pledge. Ah, yes, there's
another faithful
flock member. Look at that.
Look at those. All those operators
tied up. Look at that. Look at those numbers
going around, Reverend Stank. Can you
believe that? Look at that.
Why, that big thermometer
thing is just... We started it.
Of course, we have to raise a thousand
dollars tonight.
Dear friends... A thousand?
A thousand dollars? What is that? That's just
not even a weekend in Las Vegas,
friends. That's two pledge drives worth
for us. Unless we manage to get all the money
tonight, then we won't have to do this again next
week. It'll just be back to the pure
dogma. The pure... The pure
essence of the church, yes.
Not this hard commercial side that's
required for us to bring this
word of Dobbs to you, friends.
You think this comes for free? We hate
to have to act like Christians. We really
do. And sit here and beg for money.
Let's get it over with quick. Call that number
and help us smash the false
cults who have
whole radio stations that belong to
them. We only have one hour.
All we've got is this one hour of slack,
friends, to raise that money
to keep the word of
Dobbs broadcasting
through the air. But you know,
like the ladies say,
when it comes to the hour of slack,
if you're listening, you'll soon...
be glistening. That's right.
And I know that
you don't want to miss us.
Think how you'd miss
hearing the word of Bob and Connie
Dobbs on the radio
every Sunday night to
bolster you, make you ready to go face
that mundane world
of the others on
Monday morning. Friends, we've been
your support system long enough.
We've been here. We've
always been here for you,
generating that slack you need.
But now, now, well,
it's the end times and even
Bob Dobbs is going to pay his electric
bill, or at least
part of it.
We're gonna think
you're insane.
These people want to
hypnotize us into
cutting their brains out with chainsaws.
I mean, I don't see how we're
responsible.
I swear.
It's Subgenius Bootcamp.
Drinking coffee and staying awake?
Stand up there.
Here, have some old Bob Cologne.
Do you call yourself a subgenius coming to drill
with a beard? That's two demerits.
Alright, Mr. Hughes.
Three more demerits and I'll get that new baseball glove.
Look at the knees of your uniform pants.
That's disgusting. I'm docking you five more demerits,
Mr. Hughes.
What are you smiling about?
I hate Bob.
My Bob made
my daddy go crazy.
My daddy used to make money, but now he just sits around all day.
I hate Bob. He's a bad man. I wish he would die.
He's part of the conspiracy.
And they say, they say, oh, Bob, we, we love what you're preaching, Bob.
And we want to give you up our children.
We want to give you our minds.
We'll give you our cars and our homes.
And Bob says, well, I don't want your mind.
I don't want your kids, your home.
I want your money.
I want your money.
I want your money.
Pledge.
But that's when they go, oh, but we don't trust you that much, Bob.
Oh, no, we'd give you our brains or our kids, but not our money.
No, that money, that's too important to us.
You can get into our souls, Bob, but just stay out of our wallets.
That's what you're saying, isn't it?
But you know, when you give money to Bob, when you call that number,
it helps you to slide through the automatic sandpaper machines of justice and karma.
You know, when you die and go to heaven,
there's those two giant sandpaper machines ready to grind you down.
But when giving money to Bob slickens you up, it kind of greases you.
That's right, makes you glisten.
So you can glisten, you listen, you'll glisten.
That's right.
And you'll slide straight through that tunnel of white light.
With Mary a scratch upon your really incorporated form.
And when you get into that, when you get right up near the light,
that way, rather than getting stuck at the end of the tunnel,
pop right out into the before life.
And they don't have to snip the end of the tunnel.
It doesn't hurt.
So it greases you up.
It's like sliding to heaven.
It's like going down that chute at Wet n' Wild.
Pull the lever, down you go.
Just like the medicine fish hole, friends.
Well, actually, it's up you go.
I mean, we're talking about sliding up to heaven.
Well, that's true.
It may seem hot and stuffy.
It was really just a metaphor.
I mean, when you get to...
I wouldn't get picky about it.
I mean...
When you get to...


When you get to the subgenius heaven,
it may seem sort of hot.
Friends, just ignore everything.
With those flames around you.
Just pledge your money to that.
Just let him babble quietly in the background, friends.
And those guys with the tails, those are angels.
Money is what we need, friends.
Those things with the tails are angels.
And everything's fine.
It's a uniform.
That's what it is.
Keep the word of Bob going.
It's to scare the false Christian.
And to keep you going.
Because when you put your money in dogs,
this is kind of a big joke down there.
They just want to scare the false Christians.
And your money flows towards Bob.
Oh, Lord.
Oh, I sinned.
I sinned.
I've gone to hell.
Flow out to you, friends.
Whereas the subgenius will go...
He'll say, well, I'm good.
I sinned enough.
I made it to hell.
I sinned enough.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes, friends.
So send that money.
You've sinned enough.
You've had enough free show.
Now it's time to pay for a little of what we've been given.
You know, if you believers aren't giving money,
then all you're doing is believing.
That's all you're doing.
You're not committing yourself.
You're sure not calling.
That's right.
I don't see...
Willa Dobbs sitting there?
Sitting there, picking his head.
Yeah, I know.
And then Pope S. Cecilia, well, she's getting...
She's winking at us.
She's getting excited because she doesn't have you to talk to.
Talk to Pope S. Cecilia.
Call the number here.
And talk to the Reverend Trickster Shaman.
He's an evil, evil man.
He'll give you the creeps just talking to you.
Just...
Just...
And give these people your name and address.
And your credit card number.
Boy, what kind of a leaf of faith does that make?
What does that take, huh?
It would appear that the government at the moment
is practicing a lot of this religion in absentia for many folks.
It was a trendy thing.
We're actually the conspiracy...
You've always heard of the conspiracy, right?
Yeah.
Well, we're the conspiracy behind the conspiracy.
And we've decided to come out in the open.
You're the unnamed source.
That's us.
One of them.
Well, you've certainly heard of the Public Critanization Society.
Ask not what you can do for the conspiracy, friends.
Ask what the conspiracy can do for you and for KNON.
And Bob.
But you know what they're doing?
They're waiting for Bob to forgive them.
Then they're going to pay up.
They'll pay up one.
But Bob won't forgive them.
Because he doesn't think they've done anything they need or deserve to be forgiven for.
Bob won't even notice them if they haven't paid.
That's right, friends.
You won't get Bob's attention when the end times come and the saucers start to descend.
You haven't tithed.
If you tithe your $20, you're going to fry.
That's just the way it goes.
Oh, it's so beautiful to think of you frying.
All you pinks out there that have not tithed your money to Dobbs, you're sizzling right now.
You know, you can do a free tow in the skillet of Hades.
Yes, dear friends.
Sizzling and popping and screaming as your little soul bounces around that red hot sheet.
Oh, look at those phones.
Light up.
They're getting scared, Reverend Stank.
They're getting scared out there.
Bob's been giving it away, friends.
He's been giving it away for free, and you've probably been using it.
Spreading it around.
That's right.
But it's going to backfire on you.
It's all over.
The free ride's finished, friends.
The end times are near.
They're getting nearer with every second.
And every second that we're broadcasting in the red,
that means that we're going to have to pay more to Bob to negotiate for us when the end times come.
Every second we're paying in the red, that's another nail.
And you're back in hell if you haven't lined Bob's poor pocket with that love offering.
Just that small offering, friends.
$20, $30, $50.
A measly old cone.
You know, one of them pictures of Benjamin Franklin, friends.
Just put it in a plain brown envelope and write Bob, K-N-O-N, and mail it to us.
And when Bob notices you, that's when you're drawn into the matrix of the world.
A whirlpool of pure luck that surrounds Bob.
Bob is the singularity in the midst of the luck plane.
That's right.
All luck flows towards Bob.
It goes in his mouth through that pipe and goes out his...
Yes.
And we...
And that creates this vortex.
It's sort of a whirlpool.
You've seen those graphs of black holes.
Well, that's what it's like going in and out of Bob.
That's right.
And it's not like you're going to get sucked through Bob.
That's right.
You're just going to orbit Bob in that tiny knife edge where the luck plane falls into the essence of Bob.
And if you're lucky, if you've tithed enough, you'll be close enough for just the good luck to hit you.
That's right.
Stick to you.
But if you're out there orbiting, oh, far away on the distant edges of this great luck vortex...
You'll be buffeted by both kinds of luck.
Oh, yes.
Negative luck and positive luck.
Disruptive luck and slack luck.
That's right, friends.
Bad luck.
The evil luck.
The left-handed luck.
The dark luck.
Yes, friends.
So pledge that money.
If you can see fit.
And I ain't seeing very fit so far.
You know what?
I'm sick and tired of this stupid...
Church music.
Put some...
Maybe if we put some decent music...
Pull out that wallet, friends, because it is pledge drive time.
Yeah, no.
Not that one.
Here we go.
There we go.
Now you're energized.
Now you feel like you want to pull out that wallet.
You feel that check.
You feel that checkbook levitating off the table and moving towards you as you direct your will towards your ballpoint pen.
Yes.
Or your felt-tip pen.
We don't care.
Go for it.
Go for it.
Here we go.
Sign that check.
Reach out with that stubby index finger and dial that number.
Just write K-N-O-N on that line.
Pay to the order of, dear friends.
Pay to the order of.
Before the conspiracy orders you to spend it on something else like a cage, another bar on the...
Another nail in the coffin that you're building for yourself.
Life is a cage, friend.
That's right.
As long as you're helping them to build it.
But if you're helping us to feed the termites that eat away at that cage...
If you're helping us to slip you the grease that lets you slide between the bars of this cage...
You're investing in your own future, friend.
And the future of your own future descendants, dear friends.
That's right.
Help make the world genetic.
And make it genetically safe for you and your kind.
We can do it.
That's the thing.
That's why we're down here every week preaching to you.
We want to make sure you remember that it is possible.
We can triumph.
Your kind can win, bud.
If you understand only the hate and never the slack, then you're as pink as those pink boys.
You're just a pink Bobby if you don't believe the slack is possible.
If you can understand only the hate...
If you can understand only the hate and therefore pledge no money...
Fine.
I will remember you that way.
And not on the other hand.
But if you are one who can reach out and believe.
If you can truly, truly believe.
Yes, friends.
And prove your belief.
And if you're just one of those kind that sucks up that slack but can't be bothered to hate because,
Oh, I'm so full of slack.
I'm just so wonderfully smooth and level and balanced.
I don't want to fund their hating.
Why should I join up with a fringe group of extremists when I can get their slack without paying?
Well, friends.
That's over.
Bob will notice.
Bob knows.
Bob knows everything.
You can't hide from Dobbs.
You cannot hide from that man, Bob.
You cannot hide.
You cannot hide from Bob.
You can run.
Oh, yeah.
You can try to run.
You can hide.
But the man dressed in blue is on the inside.
And he's gonna know.
He's gonna make you hurt for passing up this chance to help Bob.
This is chance for your salvation.
We're not talking about much.
We're just talking about whether you're going to free yourself from this.
You're gonna fry painfully with every nerve in the surface and interior of your body hooked up to some vast cosmic yakatisma pain amplifier.
Is that what you want?
Do you really want the pain amplifier, fat man?
Do you want to be reduced to screaming nerve tissue?
Then don't pledge.
If that's what you want, don't pledge.
Don't subsidize the word of Dobbs.
And we'll just see how well you do come next day.
Yeah, go ahead.
If you want to be transformed into a pain cell the size of a snake.
You're gonna have to get that sun.
Oh, that's not no skin off a RT.
Oh, they'll arrange it for you.
That's not gonna chap my butt none, no, sir.
We'll just stand there and watch you twitch.
We'll watch you flip around.
We'll watch you scream.
I mean, there's enough of this kinder, gentler, subgenius church.
What is the point of a religion that mollycoddles the devil?
That's right.
Unless you're a Satanist, of course.
We are through with mollycoddling the devil.
We want your money.
We want to fight that devil. We want to bring that devil down. We want to take that conspiracy pyramid apart.
If you want the establishment of this kinder and gentler, Dobbs-administered way of life of a thousand dots of light,
then very well. Pledge your money. Because without your help, we can't do it alone.
We've done it alone for all these years, but now we're tired of doing it by ourselves.
We want to do it to somebody else.
And if we don't pay up, the Skull Bankers are going to do it to us.
The Skull Bankers are willing to, they're ready to cash in our chips.
That's right. And you know what they are? They're just like those guys you saw in that silly little Hollywood movie.
Them guys that collect that section of backbone, apart with all the crystals in it.
Yeah.
And there are darker and uglier things, my friend.
Yes.
Because?
Because only Bob can save us from the dark ones that inhabit the frigid, nonexistent regions of none space and none time and none entropy.
There is not none of nothing there in their hearts. No mercy for ye.
No regard for your petty woes and troubles. They want only your pain.
Your pain.
And they will collect your pain.
They want to feed on your pain.
They will administer things that will cause your pain to increase.
And when the level of your pain has reached a threshold that you feel that your very self, your fibers, your nerves are screaming, then they will harvest you.
Unless, of course, you send that money to dogs.
They get they, the evil ones, the dark ones on the other side. They get high from your pain.
Your pain is their pain killer.
That's right.
They leech your slack.
Your agony is their endorphin.
They are leeching away your, they are trying to steal away, prevent you from reaching and experiencing those phylos upon phylos of slack.
Yes.
And in turn will sap from you and imbue you with it.
Stang upon stang of pain.
And Gordon upon Gordon of terror.
Yes, friends.
Which do you want? The stangs and gordons of pain and terror or the...
Or do you want those phylos of all-encompassing, glowing, rhythmic, rippling slack?
Those cleaves of sex hurt, of sweaty, squishing, mew, mushy, smelly sex hurt.
Or those...
But you can't have that if you don't pledge to Bob.
Oh, no, no, no. None of that pleasure. None of that pain. None of that.
You just don't get anything but the pain of the dark one.
And the confusion, the confusion of Jane-er.
Jane-ers and Jane-ers of confusion, dear friends, can be swept away if you will but one.
Call in and pledge. Save your soul.
Oh.
You don't want to end up in Christian heaven, do you?
I didn't pledge to die.
Listen to those souls howling away.
Those pathetic, abandoned homes.
All ye who enter here.
Oh, save me, Rembrandt, save me.
Gee, Gordon, Gordon.
The Book of Life states here that you served Bob in many ways.
But never paid your twenty dollars to KNON.
I was going to pay sooner or later.
It's too late, Gee, Gordon, Gordon.
I didn't get around.
Even one as faithful as you who have killed so many paints for Bob.
I was meant to give you the twenty bucks, you pipe-wielding geek. I'm sorry. Help me, Bob.
Oh.
Being sorry is not worth twenty dollars to KNON.
Now, Gee, Gordon, Gordon, you have failed to pass the test.
Throw him into the Lake of Fire.
No, no, not the Lake of Fire.
Along with all those other KNON listeners who never paid up.
Not the Lake of Fire. Never in staying. I'll be good. I'll pledge. I'll pledge.
Here, my checkbook. Here's all those emeralds you wanted.
So I take it all back.
I'm sorry. Just don't put me in that box again. Please, I'll pledge.
Money means nothing to us.
Your soul was lost the day you didn't dial that number.
And now learning to apply creative and corrective procedures and to bring back to normalcy and a state of perfection
any abnormality or imperfection found within any given manifestation of matter, any given plane, any given depth.
I can easily do anything that I want to do.
I can. I can. I'm a winner.
Reverend Stang, please let me off the hook.
I'm not Reverend Stang. I'm God or somebody.
Well, anyway, uh, that, well, our sound effects ran out and no one's calling.
And there's no pledging.
There's no pledging.
Well, let's just not say anything. Let's just give them dead air until the phone rings, I say.
Give them the old, uh...
Bob Larson thing.
Oh.
Oh, is it Bob, well, or, or, uh, Dr. James?
Well, let's give them live air.
Live air, then. Let's give them church air. No, no, that's not...
I know what they really don't want. I know what they really don't want.
I'm sure they'd hate the old pledge drive tapes.
Well, doctor, I really don't know if they're ready for the church air.
It's either the last pledge drive for a while or the last hour of slack.
This could be your last chance.
I thought you boys understood. It's business. That's all it is.
You still don't get it, do you, boys?
There ain't no countries anymore. No more good guys.
They're running the whole show.
They own everything, the whole damn planet. They can do whatever they want.
What's wrong with having a good for a change?
Now, they're gonna let us have a good if we just help them.
They're gonna leave us alone. Let us make some money.
You can have a little taste of that good life, too.
Now, I know you want it. Hell, everybody does.
You're gonna make a million dollars.
And you could call in and you can talk to the...
There's some sexy ministers on the lines tonight.
Your prayer partners are here, ready to receive your promise.
Your covenant with Bob, friends.
Why, the...
The evil Dr. Zaphod here picked up...
He got one from Joseph Prowl for 200 bucks.
And I happen to know that that one's not a joke.
Now, I know that, you know, not everybody can give that much.
You know, Dr. Drummond and I once talked about, you know, who means the most to Bob?
Is it the little old lady who can...
Who, you know, doesn't have anything at all to her name, but she donates a quarter, her last quarter?
Or does...
Or is Bob more impressed with the rich man who could give a million dollars, but only gives 10,000?
We prayed on that, friends, and we realized that, in Bob's eyes, that rich man is the only one that's gonna get to heaven,
because he paid more money.
So I want you to call.
We gotta sell you, friends. You're not just gonna...
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes, dear friends. You're reaching the end of slide one of your subgenius radio ministry hour and slideshow.
Please be prepared to switch your tape over to...
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes, friends.
Well, let's see what this little tape from the Arcata show by Jesus Harvey Oswald here, this little tape called, I Didn't Inhale.
I didn't inhale.
I didn't inhale.
I didn't inhale.
I didn't inhale.
I didn't inhale.


I didn't inhale.
I didn't inhale.
I didn't inhale.
I didn't inhale.






I didn't créer until I feel great.
Because so much has been gathered up I have been just thinking about it.
But is that what I feel?
I don't want anybody to argue right now.
And if Iater else can bring me to a higher level in All Land as they're says, there's
going to be a dance party going on, but I still wanna get dressed, and I want everyone

You know what I do think, I think.
I reallymanaur 비록 on barely sliding down hight燈 andEngine sharing the
He didn't kill anybody, he didn't lost a child, he didn't rape someone.
He was just 7 years in jail, and the rape is sick.
Sick.
He'll serve the rest of his life.
ственe
They've fallen and they can't get up
Yes, dear friends
Listen to those
The people manning the phone
Screaming with boredom in the background
Remember what the immortal
Cyrano de Bergerac said
Perish the universe as long as I have my revenge
And I can give my money to K.N.O.N.
Yes, dear friends
Cyrano de Bergerac said that?
Cyrano de Bergerac said that
Right here in this book of deep thoughts
And deep, deep thoughts they are indeed
Yes, indeed, Dr. Stang
But we're going to be in deep
Something deep besides thoughts
If we don't raise some more money
Hey, come on, didn't you hear us?
Assumed to Section 28A, Article 4B, Paragraph 2
Of the Internal Security Regulations
I now hand over to you rejected applicate number
578-293-BO21
Yes, sir
And...
The light on his face
Hey, I'm going to Margo to get paid
I hate myself
I hate everyone else
Can you hear me?
What the heck is going on out here anyway?
I need to talk to Bob
Bob, Bob, Bob
Bob, Bob
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
There are weapons that are simply thoughts
Attitudes, prejudices
To be found only in the minds of men
There is no typical subgenius
And negotiable
It is the influence that
Should give us judges
One traditional phrase








100. Big one.
Ben Waller has always packed a wallet.
Ah, yes. Thank you, Ben. Thank you.
You are now one of the beloved of Dobbs.
And David Grosjean.
Yes, indeed. A $30 pledge. Thank you, David.
Sally. Ah, yes.
Oh, we love you so, dear friends.
Good Sally. Thank you.
Thank you, Sally, for your pledge.
And Tracy. Tracy got all shook up and sent us some money.
Thank you, Tracy.
Why, listen, you can hear Tracy's soul already bubbling away in the vats,
ready to be sent to the men from Planet X.
Yours can, too, dear friends.
Your mental life stench can be extracted, purified, filtered and packed
and chopped and macerated and put into a small special metallic cylinder
and thence hide hence to the dark, cloudy, nebulous regions of space
where scions of the elder gods yet gibber and laugh and giggle
in blind amorphous, blind amorphous boredom
like that being experienced by our phone crew.
And you have nothing to do.
So please, friends, pledge.
Please, friends.
Remember that.
...tear and talk.
Bob said we had to party.
Didn't he?
That's what he said.
Didn't he?
Yes.
He said we had to party.
He didn't say we could.
He said we had to.
That's right.
And so...
We did.
...we must also sell.
Praise Bob and thank you.
Thank you, Reverend Stank.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Come on!
Oh, yes.
Get up off that chair!
Yeah. What?
Tell me!
What's the matter with you, Reverend Stank?
Get off that chair.
...something to sell.
We all know we're in the art of selling.
We create a mental and an emotional climate of unconscious selling.
Right in your own home.
In your own living room.
Yes.
When everybody sells, we all have something to sell.
We all have one of the sex goddesses from Planet X in your own living room.
And remember, it's better to sleep with a drunken...
...cannibal than with a sober Christian.
Yes.
That's a great thought, Dr. Dool.
A truly great thought.
And...
Have you any other...
Oh, there's some great thoughts in King Menander.
Oh, yes, sir.
Oh, dear.
I love...
Oh, yes.
There are certainly queer times and occasions in this strange mixed affair we call life,
when a man takes his whole universe for a vast practical adventure.







Oh, but we wouldn't think of life as a practical joke.
Not us.
No, nay, nay.
Oh, nay, nay, nay.
Oh, we take it all seriously, like grownups.
Like pink boys, right?
That's right.
Take it real serious.
Oh, yes.
Well, you never find us laughing about the inequities of life.
No.
We take our security and our jobs seriously.
Empty your golden glasses to the dregs.
We take our retirement leash seriously.
Life is dark, so is death.
I remember that, Doctor.
Oh, dear.


Death.
Oh, I love those little snatches of sleep.
I smell doom afoot as the phones clunk into their resting positions and don't ring again.
All right, people.
I'm tired of this.
I've had it.
I want to see those phones light up.
I know what's going to do it.
I know what'll do it.
Play us some of that cool music, Reverend Sting.
No.
I'd like to hear it.
We're going to play the Church of the New Faith until the phone rings again.
If you do not start calling in, we are going to start calling you individually in your homes, and you don't want us to do that.
We know where you are.
And we know who you are.
Be aware.
Only your knowledge of this fake invasion and fake rapture can prevent it from happening.
Ah, yes.
The Greys.
We must talk about them.
Demand the truth from your government.
That's right, dear friends.
Tell them you know about the aliens and the subjugation.
And that there are good aliens and bad aliens.
And that MJ-12 is promoting the bad aliens.
And good subgeniuses and better subgeniuses.
There are no bad subgeniuses.
Just remember that.
And the one world government.
And remember, when you pledge to Bob, you're pledging to the good side of the force.
The good side.
When you pledge to the conspiracy, you are pledging to the bad side.
Yes.
Does Adam sin and kill Cain?
Christ did to pardon our sins.
Who condemned man to death?
Adam did.
Who killed himself to free us?
Jesus did.
Who's blood did he spill?

Who's blood did he spill?
Why do we drink and spill on the ground to vindicate our sins?
We drink from the blood of Christ.
Whose flesh do we consume so that we may become him?
The body of Christ.
Give me a sign so that I can walk through the gates of heaven.
Give me eyes so that I may see his city.
Bodies at my feet as I walk toward God's military city.
Charitories of Satan's army.
Even Christians die before reaching the gates of the city.
The Christians urged Satan lay siege to the holy city of God.
The city walls are impervious to all the laws of God.
The city walls are impervious to all the laws of Satan's monsters.
Angels throw bibles and even the gargoyles try to evade the airspace over the city of
God.
The word of God rips the limbs off of Satan's invaders.
This is why hell smells of rotting flesh.
This is why hell is thick with the wailing screams of libelous callers.
This is why in hell none can ever die.
This is just a tiny bit of what it's going to be like.
This is a hint of what the radio airwaves would be like if there were no hour of slack
and KNON.
Just remember that.
This is the total takeover of the world by Christian radio.
As much as we love the church of the new faith heard here in the background.
Oh, well, they were heard.
Church of the new faith.
Had you heard them before, Dr. Gordon?
No, and I must say that I'm quite pleased to hear that sort of horrible repulsive sound
going out over the air.
It makes me realize just how eloquent and smooth the word of gobs can be in comparison
to this sort of impassioned, mad, animalistic ranting on behalf of fundamentalist people
who worship the dead guy on the stick.
I'm just not sure that I've heard those guys before, but I know the type.
Some of you people are just sitting there on your butts.
You're just sad, sacked butts.
It's a sad day that a doctor comes all the way from the third world to Dallas to sit
in on a radio show, and I come here to raise some money for gobs, and what happens?
You sit there on your big, great, comfortable ass.
Well, sure, I'd rather make $2.35 an hour washing these cars than invest $1 for eternal
salvation for J.R. Bob.
I don't like them sub guys.
I don't like that radio show they do.
They think they're so smart.
Well, let me ask you this, mister.
That's why they call them sub genius.
Excuse me, sir.
Doesn't that mean super smart?
No, it doesn't.
Sub genius?
Doesn't that mean super smart?
Sir, please.
Here, sir.
Sir, excuse me, sir.
I'm going to take this pamphlet and look at this man's face.
I've seen that man before.
Well, now tell me.
Look at that man.
Doesn't he not instill confidence in you, sir?
Look at that, please.
Examine it carefully.
Doesn't it make your wallet kind of startling?
Well, he's all right.
I don't care.
Well, you do.
You do.
Look at that man.
Look at that man again.
He looks like he could give me slack in eternal salvation.
Yeah, he will.
And give me a new job that would work better, that I'd love.
That's right.
And lots of women.
All you got to do is give me your wallet, sir.
No.
Just give me your wallet.
I don't like them sub dumb guys.
You can do it.
No problem.
I don't like that silly sub dumb stuff.
It's not silly, sir.
It's salvation.
Yeah, they think they're so...
Wouldn't you like to ride on the sex saucers of the goddesses?
No.
Wouldn't you like to be saved and whisked up?
No, I don't want to be saved.
I...
Well, in that case, we'll just have to kill you if you don't give us our wallet.
I want to stay everything the way it is.
I want to keep everything just like it is and stagnate.
Oh, yes.
That's all I want to do is just stagnate.
Stagnate, yes.
I'm just going to listen to this.
I'm going to stagnate.
I understand that.
I'm going to listen to this top 40...
I understand.
I'm going to listen to this.
Stagnating, yes.
Right this other radio station.
You can hear him stagnating right now.
I'm going to listen to Superstar 90.
It's made the phone rings, dear friend.
That's my favorite radio station, Superstar 90.
They play that Rod Stewart song every hour.
I love that Rod Stewart song.

Every bit you tell is a story, right?
I listen to it every hour.
That's the one you like, right?
Yeah.
It's modern.
It's on the edge.
I love it.
They never...
It's always something new and different...
Well, friends...
...that I've never...
You see, this is...
...well, I've never heard in a whole hour...
People that stang me.
...I ain't going to help them sub gum guys.
That show gave me a headache.
Them sub gums.
I'm a pole, pole bucker.
I like to smoke, cuss, and drink.
But there's one thing that makes my head hurt.
Just don't ask me to thank.
That's the song of the pole bucker.
Are you singing that song?
Are you going to...
No, they're not.
Actually, they're going, well, I kind of like this show when they're not doing a pledge
drive.
But somebody else is going to pledge for me.
I mean...
Yeah, so I don't have to pledge.
I need my money.
I need my money.
I need that $45 for a hamburger.
I got to go down to Greenville Avenue and have me a fancy little nifty little food for
water in a bottle and a hamburger.
Yeah, I need that $45 for a special suit I can be seen in by the others so that they
won't think I'm too different.
What kind of suit you going to get for $45?
You can't even get a lawsuit for $45.
What are you talking about?
You can't even get a hamburger in this town for $45.
This place is the only place I know where they give you a credit check before you go
in McDonald's in this town.
What are you talking about?
Okay, well, as far as I can tell, judging by the activity on the phones, we've only
raised about a third as much money as we need.
This is probably going to be the last time you'll hear this show, so we're going to reveal
what we were hoping we'd have a bigger audience to reveal these things.
This is probably the last time we'll be on.
We're going to tell you the answers to the meaning of life, the secrets of the universe,
and the key to success.
The ruling powers decided that one means of funding the alien project was to corner the
illegal drug market.
Okay.
The first member of the Council on Foreign Relations was approached.
His name is George Bush, who at the time was president and CEO of Zapata Oil Company based
in Texas.
Zapata Oil was experimenting with offshore oil drilling, and it was arranged that the
drugs would be shipped from South America to the offshore platforms by fishing boats,
then transferred to the US shore by normal transportation, avoiding search by customs
agents.
The plan worked better than anyone expected, and today the CIA controls all the world's
illegal drugs.
It's just like a drug market.
One should remember it was George Bush who first started selling drugs to our children.
The drug money was used to finance the deep underground alien bases.
They sell drugs to support the alien bases.
Conclusions?
The Bilderbergers, the Council on Foreign Relations, and the Trilateral Commission
are the secret government and rule this nation through MJ-12, and the study group known as
the Jason Society.
Just sit back and relax.
And I'm going to tell you the secret.
Just pay no attention to this hysterical outburst.
In fact, if you will pledge to gain a rein, we will take this man outside and summarily
shoot him.
So contribute to the death of Ivan Stang.
You put us over the top tonight, and we'll put him out the window 30 seconds later, dear
friend.
Help us sink a Stang, yes indeed, friend.
Don't let this bitter, impassioned, vitriolic, nasty-tongued little man sit here and rant
at you forever.
I'm going to tell you the secret.





The truth.
Shut him up.
Send your money.
MJ-12 presented it to each president with a picture of a lost alien culture seeking to

Keep Kano going.
We pledge that if you send five times what we are only required to make, if we can raise
$5,000, friends, we will have seats for you at the public execution of Ivan Stang.
Innocent people continue to suffer unspeakable horrors at the hands of alien and human scientists
growing engaged in barbarous research that would make the Nazis pay for their lives.




We'll even sell you parts of his body after we've finished with him.
Yes, you see, he's weak.
He's old.
It won't take much to push him over the edge, friends.
So send that money in.
Keep those phones lighting up and help us work Stang to death.
Yes, there it goes.
You hear it.
You hear the kind of stuff we have to put up with, sir.
Give us a break, friends.
Send the money in and help us get rid of this nasty little man.
This nasty common man.
You can't shut me up.
This is one little man.
And every 40 Americans has been implanted with alien devices that are used to control


You see the kind of things?
This is the way it's been lately because we just simply don't have the money to keep the
man sedated properly.
So please.
I refuse.
I must be.
Send us your money.
Let me.
No, no.
Ow.
Sit on him.
Sit on him.
Ow.
Ow.
Kick him.
One more.
Yes.
Thank you.
Okay, friends.
It's KNON Spledge Drive and we'll keep Ivan Stang sedated and tied up if you will just
keep those phones lit up.
Oh.
See, this, Willa Dobbs is picking his nose again.
Come on, friends.
We need your pledge.
We take you to the Hotel Martinet in Brooklyn where Bobby Millett and his orchestra are
offering a program of dance music.
Lesson two.
I'd like to know, are you really ready for some super dynamite soul?
Introducing the world's greatest dance music, the













greatest entertainer, Mr. Donnie Mike, the amazing Mr. Please Please himself, the
hardest working man in show business, ladies and gentlemen, the star of the show, James.
Brown, brown, brown, brown, brown, brown, brown.
Get up.
Get on up.
Get up.
Get on up.
Stay on the scene.
Get on up.
Like a sex machine.
Get on up.
Get up.
Get on up.
Get up.
Get on up.
Stay on the scene.
Get on up.
Like a sex machine.
Get on up.
Wait a minute.
Funk.
Yeah.
Funk.
Yeah.
Funk, funk, funk.
Yeah, yeah.
Funk, funk.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Look at your pants.
I thought I saw a pudding can.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Popcorn!
Ha!
Ah!
Hey!
You've got to ask yourself one question.
Do I feel lucky?
Well, do you, punk?
Excuse me, y'all!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
What...
what...
I don't get it.
I don't get what they're saying.
They're saying pledge the drive.
Pledge the drive is what they're saying.
Pledge the drive.
I mean, I don't understand it.
Is this like the have-nots complaining about the haves or the nots?
And the don'ts.
And I...
The do-nots complained about the have-nots.
You don't know what a have-not...
And the will-nots complaining about the may-nots who don't really care too much about the...
Don't know what...
What-nots, you know? I mean, what difference does it make?
You'll know not...
All I know is that they're not pledging, the lights aren't flashing, and I'm getting really tired of it.
Listen, you hip wimps, you little bobbies out there sucking up our slack on the airwaves and not pledging.
Here's a quote for you. Here's a good quote.
Belief in and dependence on God is absolutely essential.
It will be an integral part of our public life as long as I am governor.
That was said by Ronald Wilson Reagan.
Ah, yes, and he pledged to Bob, and look what it got him.
Eight years in the White House and a good time.
That's right, you'd think he'd have made it without Bob's approval.
Because, oh, my listeners, just think of it.
Is it not so?
That scrupulous fear of Bob is the very thing that keeps the United States together.
That's right, friends.
To such an extraordinary height is this carried among Americans, both in private and public business, that nothing could exceed it.
Many might think this unaccountable, but in my opinion, you have a...
Catch 22.
That's right, you're all fired.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
You can kill yourselves off or not.
Don't make no difference, Doug.
There's nothing you can do about it.
Ah!
You can hear what's in store for you in the background here, friends, if you don't call.
How would you like to have a noise like this in your head all day?
How would you like to feel like you had your stereo earphones on 24 hours a day?
Well, that's what'll happen to you if you don't pledge.
We'll send them spy beams into your ears.
Your skull will beam this music to you and you'll hear it in your dreams.
You'll hear it in the extra meditation chamber.
You'll hear it at work.
You'll hear it while you're trying to think.
We will fight them on the beaches.
We will fight them in the K-marts.
We will...
I give up. I give up.
It's no good, Reverend Stanton.
So far, we've made...
Okay, let's just get serious here.
$2.85.
No, it's not that bad.
But we haven't...
We're gonna have to...
$3.85.
We've made about $300.
We're supposed to make $1,000.
And you people are not cooperating, friends.
We're gonna have to do this again next week.
And again the week after that.
Instead of playing the wonderful tapes and music and being able to just sit down and just do a show.
No, no.
Instead, we have to act like Bob Teltner and Jimmy Swagger.
Oh, send us money.
We don't care about healing you.
All we care about is staying on your ear.
We have to berate you.
We have to belittle you.
We have to taunt you.
Jeer at you before we can get you to get up off your attitudes and send us some money.
And that's a disgrace, friends.
This, the very center, the very nerve center, the birthplace of Bob and the Church of the Subgenius.
And we're having to whine at you to get a little money out of you.
And you people, it's just...
I'm ashamed, Reverend Stanton.
It makes me want to go back to the...
Go back to green hell and just stay out there.
Don't believe me.
I'd go with you if I possibly could.
There's nothing holding me in Dallas.
When was the last time you saw me preach in Dallas, Texas?
When was the last time you saw me?
There's not a club here that'll have me.
I go to Cleveland.
I go to San Francisco and go to New York.
Oh, yeah.
They'll pay for you to go to London, Reverend Stanton.
Oh, yeah.
London, sure.
They want us to come back in June.
I'm not going to be able to preach.
It's going to be too late pretty soon.
And Dallas doesn't care because, oh, well, it started here, so we must be protected because Bob began here.
Oh, well, everybody's safe in Dallas.
We don't have to pledge.
I'm done with the monster of we, the word of serfdom, of plunder, of misery, falsehood, and shame.
I see the free face of God now, and I raise this God Bob over the earth, this God who men have sought since men came into being.
Help us stop this sort of excess in radio, dear friend.
This God who will grant them joy and peace and pride.
This God, this one word, is me.
Please, friends, help us send little Ivan to his summer camp.
I, the true Ivan.

I, I'm done with the monster of we.
Little Ivan's been under a lot of stress lately, friends.
The new God is I.
We could just take Reverend Stang off to some nice, quiet, little, specialized world.
If any civilization is to survive, it is the morality of altruism that men have to reject.
That doesn't mean we don't want your money.
You know, just something nice and quiet for Reverend Stang, just so he'll be more relaxed, you know.
Help send Reverend Stang to summer camp.
Hey, check this one.
Here's another one from Ayn Rand.
The cross is the symbol of torture.
I prefer the dollar sign, the symbol of free trade.
There it is.
There it is.
There's the cross sign.
Praise St. Ayn Rand, the crazy fascist.
I love her.
Ah, yes, friends.
Even as she hates me for being a subgenius.
Help send the lion off, friend.
We'll pack him in cotton wool.
He's a genius.
Put him in a nice little padded box and send him to that little happy place where Ivan can relax.
The devil was sick.
The devil was sick.
The devil a monk would be.
But we've only got six minutes to raise that money.
The devil was well.
The devil a monk was he.
Speak the truth and shame the devil, friends.
Come on.
Wisdom entereth not into you.
You are a malicious mind and science without conscience is but the ruin of the soul.
The rule of their order and our order had but one clause.
Do what thou wilt.
Yes, but Mrs. Celia is tired of sitting here waiting for you wimps to dial.
So get on the phone.
Let's go.
I am going now to seek a great...
Six minutes, friends.
Perhaps.
Cheaper than a 1-900 line and far more satisfying, dear friends.
Pledge your money to Bob and K-N-O-N.
You won't regret it.
We'll guarantee it.
The hour of slack is an indecent exposure of the consciousness.
Don't you just love it?
Look, man, we've only got five minutes worth of money raising time.
Please, if you have any, any slack in your heart, share some of it.
Don't beg them, Reverend Stang.
Don't beg them.
Don't beg.
Yeah, you're right.
I probably should.
Just ignore them.
Just ignore them.
Let's just leave.
Let's go on strike.
Okay.
We'll stop the motor of the world.
I'm unplugging my earphones.
That's it.
We'll just walk away from it.
That's right.
I've had enough of it.
I've had enough of their mewling and puking, their sad whining.
Whining.
Oh, entertain us.
Calm and entertain us.
Oh, please, send us some radio.
We hate the pink radio.
Let's get ...
Oh, I don't like ... Oh, well, hour of slack's really cool, man.
You ever listen to it?
Oh, I just love the hour of slack.
But do you send your money to the hour?
No, of course not.
You'll spend your money on condoms and things like that.
You owe it to us, Reverend Stang.
But you will not send it.
You owe it to us, K-N-O-N, because we need the hour of slack.
It's not that we deserve it.

We deserve it or earned it.
No, we want it.
It is because we need it.
We want it.
It's because we are important.
From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.
So K-N-O-N and the subgeniuses are able to do this.
Therefore, since you need it so bad, we're supposed to owe it to you.
Oh, Reverend Stang, I can't bear you.
I just need it so much.
What if we decided that we just had enough insults from you?
Yeah, you.
I have had ...
Flippertits.
According to subgenius subjective objectivism,
you owe it to us.
You people make me sick.
That's right.
You make me absolutely want to ...
You make me want to toss my lunch bucket.
You make me want to ...
You whining, mewling little wimp.
... disgorge my spaghetti.
Really.
It's just disgusting.
Dallas, Texas.
We're having a puke for Bob just to get a little ... just to get a measly 40 or 50 bucks out
of you.

What's the matter?
Haven't you got any money?
Or did you spend it all ...
Tastes of bile in my mouth.
Did you spend it all on hip videos?
Did you use it to make a movie?








Did you use it to rent slasher movies?
Is that what you wanted?
Huh?
You creep.
Oh, man.
Let's switch over to like one of the other stations and like listen to ...
Yeah, they're being mean to us, man.
... or something like that.
Yeah.
Like Billy Idol, you know.
I want to hear ...
Oh.
I want to hear crisscross, man.
I want to hear some killer rap music, man.
Those sub gum guys, like they're just ... it's like ...
They always want money, man.
It's so negative.
They're always bitching about like money, you know, the same.
You got to send in and all that stuff, man.
It's like they forgot.
They forgot.




They forgot like what it's all about, you know.
It's like it's supposed to be free, you know.
It's like they're so negative.
It's like the word of Bob, man.
You know, there are those out there who have faith in their heart, those who hope, those
who act, those who are doers, like Eric Glover of Plano, Texas, like Herman Deskins and
Dr. Luke Anthony.
Praise Dr. Anthony.
People whose pledges ...
Praise Herman.
Praise everybody.
It is for ...
What?
What?
Two minutes left.
They were willing to pay for it.
Two minutes and the phones are sitting here looking like ...

Two minutes and the phones are sitting here looking like something left out of a bad
sci-fi movie when it's the end of the world and everybody's dead and nobody's calling
anybody.
Oh, it's sad, Reverend Stang.
You're going to have to play the subgenius leaving theme in just a minute here.
The subgenius funeral march would be more like it.
Pope Cecilia is getting extremely aggravated.
They're making obscene Gnostic symbols in our direction.
Well, I guess I've ...
Well, I like that.
I'm not going to hang around.
I'm not going to hang around Dallas that much longer, I don't guess.
I think we just need to move the whole church headquarters to Cleveland or somewhere like
that.
Yeah, you know ...
The faithful pledge in Cleveland.
Yes, indeed, friend.
Bower Slack is on in Cleveland every Sunday night from 9 to 10 just like here.
They pledge in Madison, Wisconsin too.
They've got a much nicer studio up there too.
Yeah, and in Madison they keep ...
Madison.
They pledge.
They don't pay K and O M. They pay the stations there that pledge.
Yeah, they pledge to their stations that play the Hour of Sin.

They pledge to their stations that play the Hour of Sin.



They're supporting their Hour of Slack, but we don't get any support.
Well, that's why I've been spending more and more time up there.
There's not much point in dealing with it.
Yeah, I think it's just ... It's a sad moment.
You know, I guess the Subgenius are all saved here.
Yeah.
We're just preaching to save.
I guess we've done our job already.
I'm just unplugging my earphones and going home.
Yeah.
They're satisfied.
They've had enough.
Well, let's just ... Yeah, let's just put on another Subgenius show.
Let's leave.
Let's leave.
Let's leave.
So long.
Bye.
All right.
Goodbye, you ...
Flies.
Millions of flies.
Get them off me.
Get them off me.
Get them off me.








Get them off me.
Flies.
Get them off.
I'm breathing them.
Oh, my god.
Is this for real?
Insane.
