On July 5th, 1998, 7 a.m., when we all have hangovers, Wotan's judgment will take place in the form of what the pre-scriptures call the advent of the angelic host.
Like any other prophet, Bob preaches about the end of the world, only his predictions are just a little different.
July 5th, 1998, at 7 a.m. to be exact, the men from Planet X, as the news media will call them, will arrive to rupture the subgeniuses, the true believer subgeniuses, up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
And believe it or not, plenty of people, 4,000 of them so far and more every day, have already joined up.
Suddenly the joke has become serious and profitable.
Your standard religious rip-off, right?
But can anybody take this stuff seriously?
Dear Bob, it's time to close my eyes.
Remember now, it's no surprise, if I should be found dead someday, I'll think that you were in the way.
Oh, gimme Bob.
Confusing that face.
With my own.
Can't remember my place.
Bob's Rude.
My role on this planet is to see that the Earth is not sold on that glorious or terrible day we call X-Day in 1998.
When the men from Planet X arrive.
Yeah, now it may sound ludicrous, it may sound ridiculous to many believers out there.
Are you saying they're all nuts, all those people?
Maybe, yeah, maybe.
You once were telling me about Planet X, Dr. Morbund.
Evil on Planet X is more than you could think of.
Evil stalks them.
Every night and day they wait to see the evil they go through.
So they come down in flying saucers.
Flying saucers are bearing on us.
We don't know what to do.
We're here all alone.
The planets are fading.
The blood is running.
The lights were fading.
And they stalked us one by one.
Okay.
This is the Man in Black, here for the Roma Wine Company of Fresno, California.
FRIENDSHOP!
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Give me slack or give me food or kill me!
Give me slack or give me food or kill me!

Kill me!
Kill me!
Kill me!
Kill me!
Kill me!
Kill me!
Kill me!
Kill me!

Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, Earth.
Night, little monkeys in your cage.
Night, night.
All your great skyscrapers, your achievements, your mighty books and discoveries,
discoveries, your symphonies, your armies, your concentration camps, all of it was for nothing.
Your indoor plumbing, your toiletries, your mini-
As a wink, a tiny spark, dying ember in the middle of thousands and billions of light years of empty, cold space.
Glowing, stinky hole in your third eye.
You are about as important as a cork in the ocean, my friend.
Think of a cockroach, if you would.
I don't know if you want to think of one for too long, but just imagine the revulsion you feel when you swat one and brush it away from yourselves.
Think of yourself as a mere cockroach compared to these weird exes, archons, whatever the hell they are.
They don't notice you. They don't care about you.
If you happen to hitch a ride and they don't swat you off, then count yourself lucky.
But don't think you're some kind of a big deal just because God or some-
Aliens happen to pick you up by the scruff of your neck and show you a thing or two.
They're in there with you. They're in the room with you.
You can't see them. You can't smell them. You can't taste them.
But they're in the room with you and they blend with the walls, with the CDs, with the pono rack, with the- with the digital- with everything.
And with the airwaves.
It's the hiss buried in the tape that we use to carry the code, the coded signal.
But it's the only way we can stop them.
The human mind. The human mind is capable of receiving and transmitting radio signals.
It has no way of converting this knowledge or energy into a practical use.
However, the brain has in it, in some miraculous way, the ability to transmit it.
And convert and receive radio signals.
We use your brain as an envelope to send our letters to the others.
They are our correspondence with a world you could never fathom.
It's square to your round. It's cheesy to your musky. It's black to your white. It's green to your red. It's out of focus to your sharp image.
To the rat in the cheese. The cheese.
The cheese is the universe.
Do the rat, baby. Do it one more time.
Everybody love to watch it go down. Do the rat. Do the rat. Do the rat.
There are more things in this cheese than your little science has ever dreamt of, Mickey.
I've been stuck here for so long. Just wondering when it's gonna end. When it's gonna blow up. When this sun is gonna go nova.
I just wanna know.
Could that be what's happening today? If you think X day was just Bob's way of saying, well, it's just aliens or something.
Don't feel bad that God's gonna supernova your sun unexpectedly for no particular reason. No special timing.
Just happen to do it around the time Bob said something what's gonna happen.
It's nice you let us know around the time, because, you know, if we was more godlike, we could have made our plans accordingly. But...
It's kinda like we... We're kinda like the old dog that just got too sick and we... You take the old dog out in the woods, you go,
Here, old dog. Here's a big ol' hunk of raw meat. Mmm, isn't that good?
And when that dog turns around to gum that raw meat, you pull out your .45 and blow his poor, pathetic, old doggy brains out, because it's the kindest thing to do.
Is that what our planet is? That old dog?
Is...
Are we that old dog just being put out to play?

Is that what our planet is?
Is our planet just being made a pasture, put out on the ice, flows toothless to fend for itself or go under?
Is it?
Is our planet... to... Is our planet being sent off to the rest home?
Yeah, like everything's gotta have its time and go. Maybe our time already came and went, and we didn't even know it.
All things must pass.
We was laughin' and playin' them Dionysian dances by the old Greek riverside.
Them were the days.
Jumping through hoops and wrestling with bears.
And then we invented hydrogen energy and decided to blow us up some bombs and have tooth decay.
And then have tooth decay.
And then before we knew it, nobody knew the truth.
Nobody was well anymore.
Nobody was even really alive.
They were just going, going, going.
We thought we had the ultimate weapon.
Turned out God had it all along.
We thought we were going to hold a gun to our own head and we didn't even get the chance.
No, we thought we were so prideful.
We thought we could destroy ourselves.
Mother Nature showed us what for.
Hey, you boys think you can wreck your environment with them factories and bombs?
Let me show you a thing or two.
Here, I'll just spit this little spit wad into that sun thing.
That little light bulb you got lighting you up.
Look very calmly and clearly at the question, Mr. Pavilion.
Counting down the minutes to the end of the solar system.
What you usually think of first in a situation like this is who benefits?
Earth first.
Who takes all?
There's a power play going on.
The sun's getting bigger.
It's getting weirder.
It's getting flatter and longer.
More sideways and more everything.
It's not.
You know, Mars will probably be real tropical in about three hours.
If we could get to Mars in about three hours, it would probably be real nice.
But then by the time we got there, Pluto would be getting all tropical and we'd have to get there.
Pluto, man.
And then.
Oh, yeah.
There's going to be like.
I don't know.
He's on Pluto and you'd be.
I don't know if I got enough rocket motors for Pluto.
Yeah, that's the thing.
I don't know.
We're going to be able to make it.
No academy of the planet.
We're tired of your phony fireworks.
Blarzo, you have earned this.
What about.
What about this reputed Jesus Starfleet that was supposed to have shown up.
As you see, they have just left the hangar deck at Lunar Central and have cleared the airlock into the colony.
The crowd of scientists and technicians are going wild.
What a space ovation.
Now let's wheel another.
Now in celebration of this great occasion, we have planned a lunar party.
We hope all young people throughout the solar system will have a great time.
We hope all young people throughout the solar system will join us in celebration of this great day in outer space.
Bob.
X day shall come sooner or later.
That X is nothing but a cross that's fallen over on its side and somebody jumped on it.
Banged it up.
There is hope.
There shall be hope.
You know.
We sit and worry, oh gosh, if only the X's had come.
We could have had a new government where Bob was the leader and since he's never around there'd be no laws and we could do anything we want.
We could have had a new church where instead of having to get up with a hangover on Sunday and watch boring crap,
you'd go to church Saturday night and get drunk.
Drunk muffin.
Oh, we could have had our own coolness where we invented the coolness blah blah blah blah blah.
Friends, what are we waiting for?
Are we really waiting on some invisible monsters in the sky or some space things or some pipe smoking salesman with a good line?
Friends, I say quit waiting.
Do it yourself.
Make your own slack.
Bob is not the answer and neither is anything else.
You must learn to think for yourself but only Bob can show you how.
Question authority or else.





And fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Praise fucking Bob.
Hey, what's going on?
Along with Bob, the pursuit of slack and a conspiracy of pinks, the subgenius theology includes a vision of the apocalypse.
According to church doctrine, on July 5th, 1998, when the television signal of Amos and Andy reached the sky,
reaches the men from Planet X, the aliens will unleash their wrath upon the Earth.
And the men from Planet X are going to come down and take over Earth.
They're going to...
They will put us out of our misery unless Bob can explain to them in ways that they can understand that there is something on Earth worth saving.
And only the subgenii, the dues paying, book buying, receipt in the pocket paid in full to the church subgenii,
have the tiniest prayer of survival.
The rest of them?
It's a tough world, Jack.
That's right, friends.
A red letter day.
Yes, a red letter day.

And it is July 5th, year 2001.
What a delightful day.
And there the gigantic flying saucers come down out of the blue sky...
They certainly are beautiful.
...to pick up the happy-go-lucky subgenius.
...the subgeniuses...
...collecting the hills...
...and their pets...
...bluebirds...
...and all their worldly goods...
...and swallows...
...because, friends, you can take it with you when you're a subgenius, sure.
A throne of gold can be yours.
You can take off and get it on with...
And Dave here, who will be your driver throughout our space.
Step in. Step in, please.
Stand clear of the closing door.
Step in, please.
Stand clear of the closing door.
Red line, please, only.
Blue line to the left.
Red line to the right.
Hey, hey.
Welcome, and we'll be embarking for, well, wherever these escape vessels escape to.
No one's ever asked, and we're not telling.
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to you when this society we've created...
...when this society we've created...
...air conditioners...
...air conditioners...
...station wagons with wooden sides...
...station wagons with wooden sides...
...they're cautious, indeed.
...a retired actor...
...orange mail, between a politician...
...orange mail...
What happens when that collapses?
What happens when your diary was a damn well?
What happens when your diary was a damn well?
That's when the man from Planet X-9...
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius...
...I'm down to save the members of the subgenius journey.
But until that day, the power and wisdom of Bob can help us break their mind control
by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
Friends and neighbours are flying.
Earth. I come to you from a long, long ways off. I come from a planet that is similar to yours.
Your many fears, tensions, and frustrations are no longer ours. I hate them with all my heart.
They are inhuman and to be destroyed. What is your objective? You are not ready, but we will still save you.
I'll be right here.
I was first contacted by a being from the planet Mars. Now, this man was invisible to me, except that he did cast a shadow in the moonlight.
By 1998, every normal, mediocrity, pink boy, admin,
traitor,
freaky, and hippie is going to be trying to get on board with the good ship dogs.
Or they're going to fry along with everybody else when those aliens get here.
Of course, such a prophecy immediately arises our cynicism. Is it possible that the end of the world will come in July 1999?
Perhaps. Or is it just another of those prognostications which have haunted man through the ages?
Such a forewarning
of the world is not enough.

The ultimate doom could generally be dismissed out of hand.
But for the fact that many of Nostradamus' other prophecies have already been fulfilled.
But the old ones are coming back.
I'm going to let them through.
The tools of conquest do not necessarily come with bombs and explosions and fallout.
Do I surprise you?
A little, yes.
Hmm.
We weren't always like this.
After the moon fell from the sky, the earth could no longer sustain the species.
Some managed to stay above.
The rest of us escaped underground.
Then centuries later, when we tried to re-emerge into the sun again, we couldn't.
The vedran Proteus'
are initial cut off.


No.
Killyer is just an abstract.
Digital.
Our cerebral abilities.
You control their thoughts.
Not just theirs.
Heli.
So it's not enough that you hunt them down like animals?
That's their role here.
To be your food?
Yes.
And for those who are suitable to be breeding vessels for our other colonies.
You see, I am just one of many.
For the first time, I realized what the meat I had seen below might be.
What else could it be?
Frightening as the thought may be, it could happen.
The sun rises.
It will become dark.
The moon blood red.
The stars of the heavens will fall.
There will be two major earthquakes that are going to be coming.
The islands and the mountains are shaken out of their sockets.
And the second one, no island, no mountain was found in the face of the earth.
It's all coming.
Yes, I'm ready now.
Then close your eyes.
And tap your heels together three times.
And think to yourself.
There's no place.
No seemingly.
Where else is it possible to get so Vamos?

Well I mean I can.
No much that can innocent people
who love making video games try to get to that limit.
A rare Bob J.R. Bob Dobbs
With a bob on the ship and the ship in the air
And the air through the smoke and the smoke from the prop
And the prop and the pipe and the pipe and the grin
And the grin and the bob
Bob Dobbs in the Sosaro!
Bob Dobbs in the Sosaro!
Plan is to invade, to infest key men in government and industry
With some alien force from outer space
That seeps into the human body and takes over
What if there is a form of life in space?
Not on some planet, but just drifting
Not life as we know it
With intelligence, yes, but pure energy
With no organic structure, invisible
Invisible?
Now the rocket passed through its path
It entered the rocket
It found living specimens of our form of life
Cell organisms, humans
Exactly
Now, if even by accident it could enter one of those structures
What about it?
What a way to invade the earth
Now look, sir, I'm not over-intelligent
You saw the film, you know what happened
Holy God knows where and how far that rocket traveled
Something got into that rocket
And it's found other forms of life
The cactus
You mean Kuruza?
The cactus
He's now in the shell of the man being transformed
If one of these cactus plants were subject to the same mutation
There could be an affinity, a union between plant and animal
With the ability to destroy
And possess
And not
An alien cannot invade a dead man
We're merely using this corpse for a demonstration of placement
You know, some people say church is subgenius
So they get involved in it and they say
After about six or seven
They get real involved
They jump into the internet intercourse of the church and so forth
And after about six months they're going
God, this is worse than hospitalization
High school
The popular ones pick on the wimps even worse than in real life
Yes, friend, it is like the high school from hell
Well, wish you were here alone from hell
Hey, I'll be dancing through the flames
Like a devil in disguise
Yeah, you can hear me sing
But not by sunlight
Yeah, you can hear me sing
Alone from hell
I'm gonna get a lay
And a fire around my neck
Because she ever cares
Oh, hell, what the heck
I'm packing my duds
And I'm high from hell
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh

Oh



Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh

Oh


Oh


Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
For all the human race
Me me, me me, me me
Me me, me me, me me
Me me, me me, me me
Me me, me me, me me
Me me, me me, me me
Me me, me me, me me
Me me, me me, me me
I thought you wanted to see the light of the sun
I thought the world was so dark
I thought there was never a stop
But I followed you out the door
And climbed the ladder down
I saw the Martians on the floor
Dancing in the sand
Me me, me me, me me
Me me, me me, me me
Me me, me me, me me
Me me, me me, me me
You see now I've pushed one man
So I won't surprise
But see the Martians twisting round
For my very life
They did the locomotion
And the honey-conny too
I couldn't win a single bit
Martians don't rule
They don't steer their horses
They don't do a thing




I just Fraktion Blow theIE
I roll the Hendry
They're goodbye
I fell of a great rock
I'm shitting on the ground
They took me to this vacation ground
The master has to fight
space.
I know he's sitting in there
in the control room now
listening to everything I say
but I really don't care.
We're not going to tell you
what to do.
We're not going to.
We won't do it.
We will not tell you what to do.
That's what the conspiracy does.
You have to decide.
The conspiracy will tell you
what to do.
Bob won't tell you.
We won't tell you what to do
because we only tell you
how to think.
And you will pay to know
what you really think.
You can learn to think
for yourself
but only Bob Dobbs
can show you how.
The earth was bleeding
thick black blood
and it smelled like blood
and it looked like blood.
Oh yeah.
And every day
every day I'd wait for my daddy
to come home from work
and he'd come into the house
and he'd be all covered
in that thick blood.
Black blood.
He'd have that blood
in his hair.
He'd have that blood
in his clothes.
He'd have that blood
caked around his nails.
He was covered in that blood.
And I'd look up at my daddy
all covered with that blood
and I'd say
Daddy
someday I want to be
just like you.
Uncorrected personality traits
that seem whimsical in a child
may prove to be ugly
in a fully grown adult.
Lack of involvement
with the father
or over-involvement
with the mother
can result in lack of ability
to relate to sexual peace.
And in homosexual leanings
narcissism, transsexuality
curls from the waist up
and from the waist down
attempts to be your own love object.
Reconcile your parents to you
by becoming both at once.
Even Marilyn Monroe was a man
but...
This tends to get overlooked
by our mother fixated
overweight sexist media.
So
uncorrected personality traits
that seem whimsical in a child
may prove to be ugly
in a fully grown adult.
If you give in to them
every time they cry
they will become little tyrants
but they won't remember why.
Then when they are thwarted
they will be thwarted.
By people in later life
they will become psychotic
and they won't make an ideal husband or wife.
The spoiled baby grows into
the escapist teenager
who's the adult alcoholic
who's the middle-aged suicide boy.
So uncorrected personality traits
that seem whimsical in a child
may prove to be ugly
in a fully grown adult.
When them saucers come
you're gonna need a clean pair of underwear.
It's like your mama said
make sure you're wearing clean underwear
you might get into an accident.
But it won't be an accident
brothers and sisters.
Let me tell you
I will be happy to leave you
twisting the wind.
Amen brothers and sisters.
I am the God of Hellfire
and I bring you
fire!
I'll take you to burn!
Fire!
I'll take you to learn.
How do you burn?
You will pour tar
in your saving evidence
But all of it's going to burn!
Equivine
you tiny mind
you know you've really been so blind
Yes, you mine, you tiny mind!
You're born!




All the parts you fall behind, oh no, oh no, oh no!
You're gonna burn!
We've got bomb and they don't! And for that we can hate them! Hate them! Hate them!
Fire! To destroy all you've done! Fire! To end all you've become!
I'm feeling fine!
You've been living like a little girl
In the middle of your little life
You've been over
Burn your mind, your tiny mind
You know you've really been so blind
Now's your time, burn your mind
You're falling far too far behind
Woooooooo!
This is the generation that shall see
The bleeding flesh of the earth
And the broken bones of time
Can I get a praise ball?
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Brothers and sisters!
Humanity is about to take the next big evolutionary step
Into the grave!
Can I get an amen?
Oh yes! Can I get a praise ball?
Oh!
Fire! I take it in truth!
Fire! I burn it for you!
Fire! I'm gonna burn this fire!
Oh my god!
Ooh!
Ate-all,� она!


hate is not wasted on individuals no they're such our nations even such vessels are far too small
to contain our great hate copyright 1995 g gordon gordon yes friends ours is an all-encompassing
and all-pervading hate a radioactive hate a burning scouring annihilating hate and that's
when when you build it up that pop it up that much friends that's when you start to become the hate
put on your pjs you manly because it's bedtime
you can let you turn the old together god god he's gonna come back
how can you
oh they look great they look great they look great they feel great they feel great they feel
but they're fake but they're fake and deep inside deep inside
ugly spark
cancer
the cancer of cancer
yes brothers and sisters
the cancer of
fear
oh yeah the cancer of fear eats away at them
that's what their whole religion's around
fear of satan
fear of sex
fear of sexy
fear of sex
fear of
tubacabra
tubacabra
fear of alien indulgences
fear of
fever
paparazzi
paparazzi
paparazzi

Why? Why? They're afraid to wash their genitals.
They don't want God to think they're masturbating.
Oh, yes. Oh, yes.
They really do have something to fear.
They have something to fear.
They have Bob to fear.
And they have his mighty church of the subgenius to fear.
They have next day to fear.
I was born to see 2,000 years
A magic page upon the planet
I was born to see 2,000 years
Extinction seems to be a plausible risk
Whatever happens, we're a part of a race
My God, I've been waiting for this moment
Oh, my God, I've been waiting for this moment to come
Jesus, you're my tears
Thanks, you're well for my years
Singing in the millennium with you
Resolution's my show
Always does even though
Singing in the millennium with you
I've got nothing to worry about.
I could go out and murder 100 people tonight.
Conspiracy's gonna do nothing.
I've got nothing to worry about.
I've got my membership card.
Oh, they could give me the death penalty.
But I'll just rise again.
They could give me life in prison.
But their life won't be as long as mine.
I'll outlive them.
After all, they've only got a few months to live.
Bob will come to spring me.
I know he will.
Yeah, brothers and sisters.
Oh, yeah, brothers and sisters.
But there's not a lot of time remaining for you.
There's not a lot of time remaining for you.
It's just a few months.
A few months away.
Y'all are gonna die.
No church will stand on you.
No church will stand on you.
You're gonna die.
Oh, yeah.
The river is rising, brothers and sisters.
The river is rising.
And you're gonna turn around.
Bob Dobbs and his church of the subchangists
are offering you a personal flotation device.
Yes.
A mighty surfboard of slack
so that you can hang ten
and touch the shagging river.
Okay.
rolled over
like an earthosen
rope
putting on a bow
and the
standing

Who's going to make those
ých
bow down?



Yes, they will.
crunchy Low spot here the
ML pressure
I've been waiting for this moment to come
Oh my God
I've been waiting for this moment to come
Taste the salt of my tears
Take the wealth of my years
Take it in my body, I'm with you
Resolution's my show
Always dancing around
Take it in my body, I'm with you
Ah, hello. It's nice to see you all here.
Now, as the more perceptive of you probably realize by now,
this is hell.
And I am the devil.
Good evening.
But you can call me Toby, if you like.
We try to keep things informal here,
as well as infernal.
Um, that's just a little joke of mine.
I tell it every time.
Now, you're all here for...
eternity.
Ooh.
Which I hardly need tell you is a heck of a long time.
Um, so you'll all get to know each other pretty well by the end.
But for now, I'm going to have to split you up into groups.
Will you stop screaming?
Now, murderers, murderers, over here, please.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Uh, looters and pillagers, over here.
Thieves, if you could join them.
And lawyers, you're in that group.

.
Thank you very much.
Uh, fornicators, if you could step forward.
.
My God, there are a lot of you.
Uh, can I split you up into adulterers and the rest.
Male adulterers, if you could just form a line in front of that small guillotine in the corner.
.
Okay, um, atheists.
Atheists, over here, please.
You must be feeling a right bunch of nitwit.
.
And finally, Christians.
Christians, ah, yes, I'm sorry, I'm afraid the Jews were right.
.
That'd be really kind, thank you.
Okay, right, well, are there any questions?
Yes.
No, I'm afraid we don't have any toilets.
.
Um, if you'd read your Bible, you might have seen that it was damnation without relief.
.
So if you didn't go before you came, then I'm afraid you're not going to enjoy yourself very much.
.
But then I believe that's the idea.
.

.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
The Two J карren manufacturer ze Yet here.

.
.
.
.
.
.








The crystals contained a concentration of human steroids and sex hormones, estrogen, progesterone, and testosterone.
The resulting preparations were widely used to boost fertility, increase sexual potency, treat various sexual disorders, and in some cases, even encourage the growth of the beard.
The resulting preparations were widely used to boost fertility, increase sexual potency, treat various sexual disorders, and in some cases, even encourage the growth of the beard.
edited by Potter Nostril, I believe, several years ago.
And he was using some recordings of a Dr. Legume rant
that I'm guessing was from the late 90s or early 2000s,
millions, somewhere along in there.
Anyway, yes, it's X Day.
Is it coming?
We've been too busy.
Packing the van to do a show.
But we did 1,000 shows.
Actually, 1,627 shows, I think, already.
And we've been using a lot of clips from those many olden shows.
Can't even begin to give credits for all of that stuff.
Although, as I said, the last 20 minutes
involved Dr. Legume.
Dr. Legume's ranting and Potter Nostril's editing.
That's almost all we know.
Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye.
Thank you.
See you on the saucers.
We're all extraterrestrials
On a cycle that is ancestral
We're off to see the wizard
On a paradise among the stars
We're all extraterrestrials
Extra!
Extra!





You think by now, we'd all be in the mud
10, 9, 8, 7.
And we're off to see the wizard

six five four three two one
run
i was riding down main street in my car 41 under slung coupe
i was all decked out
in my blue suede shoes and my hair was covered with goo
i was listening to my radio and waving all the chicks
when the music stopped and the newsman said
we interrupt this program to bring you a special news bulletin
they destroyed the world the entire los angeles area
already hospital facilities have begun to crack under the strain
and civil defense authorities state that the situation is much the same across
the entire country martial law is now

nationwide our fellow countrymen are dying the very foundations of civilization are beginning
to crumble under the dread assault of that horror long feared mob colorad channel this is a class
one emergency all civilian traffic is barred from streets and highways stay in your homes
stay in your homes
oh thank you are those the keys to my new planet my new planet sized spaceship and very have a
good time for your whole everything you have and anything i want i can create as if unlike
anything you want on your heart desire you can have just by merely uh you can shake the
key
and i can show it all off to my buddies who also bought some genius membership cards
you can take you can show off any your buttock you can hang from the ceiling do anything you
and all my buddies have their own planets too in mono stereophonic and all kinds of stuff oh
man i sure am glad i invested that 30 dollars to bob dobbs back then in 1996 when i spent that 30
dollars you know what that amounted to five cents a day until next day yes
i've i'd cost me less than a constant cup of coffee in a whole year i must agree you made a very good deal my friend you're a great waiter
are you are you one of the alien sex goddesses uh disguised as a waiter are you uh no no no no mon ami i am actually a waiter i uh had a chance to become one of the alien sex goddesses by prefer uh merely to help you and to uh crack pepper for you uh to shine your shoes to to do anything your heart desires
how realistic and mainly i'm here to stroke your ego
just as in real life but oh man man this is great i am so glad that i am a saved subgenius
don't forget to try the pork pie or any of the caviar is very excellent all the food here is great it's like before i even think of it there is just what i was about to want to eat and oh i was just thinking about this comic book this old zap comic number five
hey river baby
i was
you're too early to come here
can i sit down at your table
uh elvis
how you doin man uh you know this is a great place to be

You know, I never really got the chance to get in line with your church and help you out.
But I saw something in the afterlife.
And I just wanted to sit down and shake your hand and say I'm a real supporter of Bob and whatnot.
Oh, man.
Well, listen, let me tell you, I grew up listening to your music.
As far as I'm concerned, you are the king.
And I just, man, this is great.
This is just unbelievable.
I think somebody else wants to meet you.
I think Sammy Davies Jr. would like to sit down and have a word with you.
Hey, look, I'll see you later, man.
There's a little filly over there I want to talk to.
Hey, man, hang in there.
I love Bob.
Hey, thanks, Elvis.
Man.
God, this is just so.
Reverend baby, Ivan Stang.
That's you, isn't it?
It's Reverend Ivan Stang.
Oh, yeah.
I'm a person with, I just had my adenoids removed.
I'm sorry.
I had the wrong table.
Why?
You know, it's great being rich and famous and having.
It's only been, what, two hours since 7 a.m.
The rupture happened.
It happened two hours ago.
And already, I've stuffed my face, masturbated, met Elvis.
I've done all the things I never, ever did before.
More champagne, monsieur?
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Hey, what other celebrities are around?
Lenny Bruce?
Happy to be on my planet?
I think Mr. Bruce is in the other room at the bar.
I bet I will go and...
Oh, I'll have to.
Oh, don't bother him.
Don't bother him right now.
No, no, no.
Anything for your pleasure.
It may take a few minutes, but I will bring him, eh?
Wow.
You know, it would have been creepy if Lenny Bruce had just suddenly appeared before I even got to ask.
Hey, you're the guy.
Hey, hey, hey.
You're the guy.
You're the guy.
You're the guy.
You're the guy.
You're the guy.
And the first time, I remember, I was the only Jew.
Do you remember?
You remember that shtick I did?
I think it was at the Village.
I had no idea.
It was at the Vanguard.
I've got a bootleg of that, man.
The only Jew in Ohio.
Do you remember that shtick?
Yeah, yeah.
That was you.
That was you, man.
I remember that was you all the way because I was there.
I'm in Canton, Ohio.
I'm in Canton, Ohio.
And I drive, it's like a VFW hall or something like that.
That's only four years old?
They drive me out to this VFW hall.
And there are these pictures of, they say it's Bob there.
There's all these pictures of Bob everywhere.
And the next thing you know, I see you're standing there.
Man.
Oh, look, he's shooting up.
Wow.
Do you, can you OD?
By the way, can you OD on the air?
Oh, I guess so.
Bummer.
Oh, well, he was just one of the beautiful sex goddesses in the form of one of my heroes, Lenny Bruce.
I'm sorry, monsieur.
Today is monsieur Bruce's birthday.
And as you know, he always gets the China white on his birthday.
And we'd have to clean him up.
He'll be right back, perhaps at another time.
Man, that is so cool.
And Elvis is over there singing just a song just for me.
Boy, this church of the subgenius stuff was great.
It was well worth all that Xeroxing and this.
Hey, man.
Hey, Reverend.
You remember me?
Hey, what are you doing, man?
I'm going to heap a do-wunky, buddy.
I need some help, man.
Now, wait a minute.
I know.
I've retired now.
It's after X days.
You subgeniuses shouldn't need any help.
Yeah, but see, some things don't work.

They don't work out the way we always had them planned.
I don't know how to explain this.
But, see, everything is just going perfectly fine until, well, things didn't start going so good.
Well, wait a minute.
This is my perfect escape vessel living fantasy.
What are you doing here raining on my parade?
Well, you know, it's not exactly paradise, Rev.
I guess there were a few more episodes to follow X day.
And you see...
I command you.
To disappear.
Sorry, man.
This is for real.
He didn't...
Wait a minute.
Look, here's the deal.
I should be able to...
Anything I want should happen.
The stuff...
Lonesome Cowboy Dave be gone.
Hey, man.
Listen, I'll put it to you in like a pop culture way.
You ever see that movie, uh...
What was it called?
Not Giardo's, uh...
Anovus.
It was almost by Stanislav's Lamb.
It was about this year's star, see?
And the people got too close to it, see?
Whatever they thought was real...
Solaris.
Solaris, yeah.
Yeah, that's it.
Solaris.
And the guy starts...
Well, you see...
The stuff, you know, that was in your champagne
that made you think Lenny Bruce and all them guys...
Well, uh...
This stuff's kind of...
It's bootleg, man.
It's not very good.
All kinds of weird stuff's happening.
Some people are actually dying and staying dead.
What?
Other people are wishing for beautiful alien checks, God,
to come and perform oral sex on them,
and their heads explode, and they don't get up,
and they keep on staying in pain.
Wait a minute.
Oh, man, it's pretty bad.
Look, Elvis...
That's not really Elvis.
Elvis is just a record.
That's right.
What do you...
Wait a minute.
What's outside those viewports?
That's outer space, right?
Right.
Wait a minute.
That's what I'm trying to explain to you, man.
Wait, those are just little Christmas lights
on a conveyor belt.
Yeah.
What the...
Wait a minute.
Yeah, it's a rat burger.
You mean...
Dude, wait a minute.
It's wearing off, man.

We've been gypped?
Not only gypped, we might be dying right now.
What about the 90...
Well, if we're dying, then we ought to at least get 90 bucks.
No, no, no, no.
We gotta search around for some kind of antidote pudding
for this stuff.
It's something to make us sleep.
These go to one or the other different levels.
Bob cheated us.
I can't...
That's impossible.
Or else he's screwed up.
But how could Bob screw...
He cheated us, man.
He cheated us.
He screwed up the trick.
Bob's not smart enough to cheat us.
But Jesus can...
Where's Jesus?
Look, man.
I haven't seen Jesus since the rupture.
I don't know nothing about the conspiracy stuff.
And it's Jesus and Bob without playing golf?
All of a sudden.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're right.
You're getting a lot trickier, man.
I feel like I'm seizing.
Look at your fingernails, man.
You're bleeding, bro.
They're falling off.
Yeah, you're bleeding.
You're coming loose.
And I'm bleeding, too.
Look at this.
It's on my nose.
I'm bleeding.
We're going to find Jesus.
With Bob.
He didn't cheat.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I said, do us high.
Well, let me just lie.
I said, do us high.
Well, let me just lie.
Yeah, you ain't never gonna have it.
And you ain't no friend.
You ain't no friend.
Knowing her fate,
Atlantis sent out ships to all corners of the Earth.
On board were the Twelve.
The poet, the physician, the farmer, the scientist, the magician,
and the other so-called gods of our legends.
But not Bob.
The gods they were.
And as the elders of our time choose to remain blind,
let us rejoice and let us sing and dance.
And there was much rejoicing and singing at Exeter.
But we'll have to wait another year.
Hail, the sex goddesses.
Because they did show up at Exeter.
A new day.
Yeah, we went over the rainbow into the mitochondrial Yeti DNA.
Level C.
Well, we're gonna have to go north and south and east and west.
And we gotta wait another year, yeah.
But we're gonna fill up a new pipe.
We're gonna wait for the sun to shine.
We're gonna turn around and we're gonna see the sun.



around and take our time we're gonna break the seal to the other side you know from the valley
i hear the muffled cry of all them poor sheeple that we left behind and we're gonna take that next
evolutionary step yeah we're gonna climb on those rocket ships we're gonna build the vessels if we
have to we're already testing the engines we're already testing the systems needed for this trip
we're on the ride yeah mitochondria leave thanks for the ride we'll take it from here
oh here here this is the video down feed from the rocket launch here
launch the rocket ship this remember they were all chanting this together
mojo and i were out there lighting rocket butt thank you professor chas smith
that was all from
the late chas smith's uh radio show uh eso swamp radio here on wcsb cleveland for a thousand years
it was so great that was such a fabulous show it was half of hour of slack back then in the day
you're listening to uh the hour of slack number 1628 i think this time
we've been it's been a busy week the world ends in just been nine eight days something like that
and uh so we're trying to get our house cleaned up funny how that works so uh uh yes uh back to
the olden tapes and uh stay tuned next year i want more more flirting
more time off
more money
we must get off we must get off we must get off we must get off we must get off we must get off
oh
waiting in the sky he told us not to
like
Cause he knows it's all worthwhile, he told me
That that shouldn't use it, that that shouldn't lose it
But all that shouldn't do
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
It's gonna be me, and it's gonna be you
We're gonna do everything we want to
It's gotta be now, and I can't wait
To think about the fear and all that pain at hand
Oh, like a flaming baton
That's better than a twirl
Like George Bush on acid
Singing to Duke of
Gonna be a new world, gonna be a new world
I'm not saying
To anyone's life works
There's nothing left for you to say
Soon you'll be dead anyway
Well, no one here is getting out alive
This time I've really lost my mind and I don't care
So close your eyes and get your self-doubt
And I'm not saying

And think about the times you've been and what they've been
To me it's nothing
To me it's nothing
To me it's nothing
To me it's nothing
We're only gonna die from our own arrogance
That's why we might as well take our time
Looking for a way and searching for the way out
Angels ride free in your mind
But you're never gonna find it if you're never gonna try
Get your eyes on the road and suck the wild
Amen
Get hip
Climb up, bud
Let your ship
Speed boy
We know
No king of freedom yet
Come and go
No king of freedom yet

Go Apollo 69
Rocket baby, walk the line
Feed the fire, now's the time
Fly Apollo 69, yeah
The beginning was the end
Of everything now
The ape regards his tail
He's stuck in the middle of the sea
He's

However
The burning


Yeah
Not in heat
Probably right now
Burn like a red coal carpet
Mad bull has lost its way
Born children
It's just a shot away
It's just a shot away
Born children
It's just a shot away
Shot away, shot away
Okay, friends on the internet, where I can flog our swag legally,
if you want to help yourself and the Church of the Subgenius
and get a pretty cool package with like 25 different nifty things in it,
like pins and bumper stickers and a real preacher card,
you need to go to subgenius.com and click to become a minister.
You'll see photos and a list of all the stuff you get,
and you really do get to go to the Scrub Genius Forum,
which is members only, and we talk in ways that people don't talk on Facebook.
Much, much smarter ways, ironically enough.
Isn't that funny?
We also have things like T-shirts and damn near everything you can think of,
with Bob's face on it.
That and a huge selection of other subgenius graphics on coffee mugs and so forth.
And we sell several very weird DVDs and CDs of the Bob songs
and old MP3 stashes of this show.
And best of all, from our main online store,
you can buy the book of the subgenius,
which is by far the greatest thing we have ever done.
It's an actual Simon & Schuster book, 22 bucks, in print for over 30 years.
And every copy that we send out is signed by yours truly.
For that matter, your address on the puffy envelope is handwritten by me also,
so it keeps my fingers nimble.
That's subgenius.com.
And remember, it's only money.
