Oh, folks.
I have no idea what's happening.
Here in Dallas.
I better go inquire.
The resupply ship has not arrived.
We've been waiting for the resupply ship now for five years.
We're going to have a snappy end, you know, so it'd be cool.
Dave's been eating his toenails as food every day.
Hey, Dave, that ain't toenails, Dave, would you?
No, I got a lot.
I got them in boxes.
Some of them toenails.
The air conditioner is awesome.
I'm in the ocean.
Well, I guess I better go look at them all the time.
It's called a garbage bag of fat in my life.
I would spend the rest of this afternoon, an appreciating afternoon,
on the last week and I think maybe four years ago,
thinking about the vision I had of Karl Marx talking to those ghost voices from heaven.
Luminous beings, I wish.
I don't know if I can ever recapitulate what I just thought.
And the worth of your labor is, um,
uh, this one.
Satan is my, uh...
Poor old Dave.
Are we still...
A lot of smumbling in his cup.
Are we still praying?
He's a pal of mine.
I hope not.
Was that all a prayer?
Well, let's offer up a prayer to the...
I was getting ready to pray.
Oh, chihuahuas of war.
Chihuahuas of war.
My God, they've unleashed the chihuahuas of war.
Yo quiero ICBM.
Yo quiero ICBM, man.
That's that.
Yo quiero tamahaki.
Yo quiero...
Submarines.
Oh, yes.
We don't have to talk about that.
The end is coming.
Yo quiero...
All right, all right.
No more Adam and Adam missions.
Yo quiero Zyklon B, etc.
Yo quiero the Earth.
Yo quiero Slack.
Yo quiero Zyklon B.
Slack.
Yo quiero...
La iglesia del subgenio.
Si, si.
Yo ya lo...
Ya lo...
Ya lo conozco muy bien.
Y esto...
Yo ya...
Yo ya...
Yo ya...
Yo ya...
Yeh.
Yo ya...
I wonder what your name?
Shiver.
Shiver.
Shiver.
Shiver.
Shiver.
Shiver.
Shiver.
Shiver.
Shiver.
Omar.
Shiver.
Shiver.
Shiver.


Shiver.







Shiver.





Shiver.
Shiver.
Shiver.
Shiver.
There are so many logical and there are...
possible ways in which the entire tribe of mankind
can wipe out the earth.
Bob?
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message
without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
We'll control...
Kill that...
For the next hour, sit quietly
and we will control all that you see and hear.
Turn on the machine.
This is Radio Yerevan.
We got puppet boy!
We are conscious of our responsibility
and obligation to provide programs
which will be enjoyable, entertaining, and tasteful.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 1986
by the Subgenius Foundation
and the participants.
And now you are ready for the final
200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
We subjected it to careful editing
to eliminate elements which we might consider
in questionable taste
for late-night movies.


Late-night viewing.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Subgenius Power of...
What?
Give me a light.
Give me a light.

So I can give it a light.
I'm going, I'm going.
Well, here I am.
I'm right here.
A lot of these kids are highly educated.
They come from upper middle class homes,
but they're burned out and they're broken.
And the pain that's in their heart,
they will...
With their clothes, they'll show the darkness externally
by doing a lot of black clothes and black makeup.
And they're poets.

Poetry is always seems to be focused on death
and hopelessness.
And on the opposite end, you got the rainbow kids,
which are the hippie partier kids.
And they might not even be aware of the world falling apart.
They just want to get high and fulfill their physical needs
and have a good time.
And...
I met her at the 12th grade.





And I watched that program.
Congratulations.
Oh, yes, of course.
And it's wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.
They don't care to the other end of kids that care so much
that it's eating them up alive.
They just don't have anything to focus on
because no one's taught them about it.
The music of the...
.
It's a spinning wheel, baby.
.
.
Knock a little patch on the cat's pants.
.
Swing a coat on grandma.
.
Get a little juice on the table.
.
Swang up with a little circus money.
.
It's a spinning wheel, baby.
You know, when I called before, it was about spiritual warfare.
Spiritual warfare, Satan's spiritual warfare.
And sometimes I have a hard time distinction
.
going on right okay
slip into something a little more comfortable
think it's sweat and spew you filthy humanoid nobody cares you don't fit in
them day you will be a pure cyber intelligence a quantum intelligence a
quantum pattern it is life is such sex is so much better that way to do whatever
it takes to come to know what to do to get other ideas didn't bring you down
well this whole scene is just in your imagination
it's just gone
another great
throw some monsters in someone who wants to know the truth is searching for hope
walks in the doors of a place called
it's like they're ashamed to shout for joy or you know stand up and play the tambourine
or something they just are so quiet and refined and then when I play the drums and I've been
looking to get into a band and doing that kind of stuff and I keep getting this
you know
guilt trip played on me in a way from saying you know well these beasts are evil
you know Jennifer I think all you need to do is to take a quick jaunt through
Dave, Brian, help me he's about to kill me
oh, if only we could escape
they, they torture me they make me say things they make me do things I can think I have a brain
who are you?
help me escape
hey!

who are you?
I know that I am a parakeet I am an intelligent parakeet they make me say things they make me they make me do things help open my cage help me escape
oh, that's alright over voice that's alright over voice
I can think I have a brain
yes you can think you have a brain
I know that I am a parakeet
the bots are not your синopsis
I am an intelligent parakeet
no you twitter about that
they torture me
you twitter about that
they make me say things
but you say nothing more important than the fact you are in charge because they say things

Help me escape.
You were ignorant. You were ignorant. You were ignorant.
By state law, they have to clear this building out, check for a fire, and then let him come back in.
Jesus! Jesus! Jesus! Jesus! Jesus!
Well, that was our night, dear friends, at the Bob Larson Ministries.
Devival, actually. We went to a Bob Larson revival.
I taped it. Couldn't get hardly any kind of a decent tape off of it.
But I did get to be on his show, and here it is.
Back to Turning Point, to the daily in-depth study of God's Word.
We are quickly lining up. We want to see you. We want to help you.
And I want you not to miss Dallas tomorrow night.
Please put it on your calendar. Get there. Be there.
It's going to be a night unlike any that city has ever seen.
And Dallas had seen some pretty strange things.
So don't miss it for anything.
And speaking of some pretty strange things,
before I get to the rest of you callers out there at 1-800-821-TALK,
we've got some publicity seekers out there.
They are a strange bunch. Maybe someday we'll do a larger show on them.
But I wanted to talk to them briefly because some of them plan to be there tomorrow night.
Yes, I am aware of them.
I have been sent their literature through the years
and have never really talked to one of these particular people.
But some of you may be aware of the church.
The church of the subgenius and their god, Bob.
At least they have good taste, tongue in cheek.
And I've got one of their representatives on the line with me right now, direct from Dallas.
Ivan Stang. Ivan!
Oh, Bob, at long last.
You are the current church leader of the church of the subgenius.
Well, I just work here, Bob. I'm working for Mr. Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Right, Bob Dobbs.
I'll tell you, I'm so glad to finally be on your show.
I've been listening for years.
Years?
Well, especially around Halloween. I love your Halloween shows.
Now, how have I managed to fail by not getting through your thick head
after all these years to get you from Bob to God?
Oh, you... Bob, you have saved me so many times.
I have converted over to Christianity almost every time I ever listen to your show.
And then go back.
Well, we believe in the short-duration personal savior.
Phenomenon.
Bob Dobbs himself considers himself a short-duration personal savior.
Now, come on. Now, you people have really had 10,000 people ante up 30 bucks a piece to join this internet religion,
this religion of the quickie printer, tabloid-style cigar-smoking, pipe-smoking God
who will come to Earth soon to take everybody away in pleasure saucers.
You've really gotten people to pay 30 bucks a piece?
Oh, yeah. Absolutely.
And we've sold about 100,000 copies of our books.
Okay, so...
I mean, we've been around for 20 years.
Now, in a nutshell, for the people out there who've never heard of this sort of thing before, you are what?
Well, the Church of the Subgenius is a religion that Bob started
specifically to help the mutants, the misfits, the disbelievers,
and also those who would believe anything.

And I think that's the most important thing.
And I think that's the most important thing.
And I think that's the most important thing.




But you're definitely not normal.
Nobody's going to ever accuse you of that.
Well, in that respect, I think we probably have a lot in common, Bob.
All right, all right. Touché.
You believe that the world is due for demolition on July the 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m.?
Praise Bob. That is correct. 52 days from now.
And if it doesn't happen?
What kind of a question is that?
I mean...
You think we're going to end up looking ridiculous like those poor little religious nuts here in Garland,
right around the corner from me?
Remember the...
Oh, yes.
God's Salvation Church.
Yeah, the Taiwanese folks.
Yeah, they happen to just be very nearby.
I went over there and gave them my $30 just in case.
You know, we've been telling people to have faith in Bob.
I figure I might as well practice what I preached for once.
Now, you say it's...
In your literature, you say it's not too late...
...to be saved.
All you have to do is send $30 to Bob.
And I want folks to understand this is not Bob Larson.
This is Bob Dobbs the God.
Oh, Bob...
Yeah, Bob Dobbs is probably a lot cheaper for salvation than you are, Bob.
And you get eternal salvation or triple your money back.
It's not a bad deal now, is it?
Well, how do you know if you don't get it to get your money back?
Well, I guess you'll have to cross that bridge when you come to it.
Now, some people...
Let me put it this way.
If you end up...
If you end up in hell as a result of investing $30 in Bob Dobbs' church,
he will meet you at the gates of hell with a check for $90
and a little booklet called How to Enjoy Hell for 5 Cents a Day.
It's $89.95, I think.
Now, other than having a good laugh and creating something out of minds
that otherwise would be wasted on something probably even worse than this,
what are you people up to?
Well...
Basically, Bob, we've declared war on God.
Now, I know that that sounds...
I mean, that's kind of taken on a big job.
We've been pulling God's leg for a long time, and that's a very large leg to pull.
It takes a lot of nerve, and you damn well better be funny if you're gonna do it.
But we have gotten so sick and tired of this invisible monster
that everybody keeps talking about that is so weak and pathetic
that it has to be defended by illiterate liars.
And we're gonna have to fight little old ladies and rednecks against jerks like me.
Now, what kind of a God is that?
We're just sick and tired of putting up with it.
This thing's been, you know, allowing starvation and hunger and all this stuff all over the world.
We've just had enough.
They've been telling us for years we were gonna go to hell.
What else could we do but start our own religion?
Are you guys gonna be there tomorrow night?
Yeah, I wouldn't miss it for the world.
Now, we don't plan any kind of disruptions.
We're generally very polite folks.
Well, you're gonna see God tomorrow night.
You're gonna see God in action.
You're gonna see the supernatural like you've never seen it before.
Then what?
Well, if I'm impressed, I'm sure I'll convert.
And put $30 in the offering.
I've given many gods a lot of chances, and I've worshipped many, many gods and demons.
But, you know, I always end up coming back to old Bob Dobbs.
Now, there are people out there who probably think
you are some secret agent.
I have a good friend of mine that I just put up to this for comic relief.
I don't know. You haven't mentioned.
You people contacted me this week and said,
Oh, by the way, since Bob's coming to Dallas, maybe he'd like to talk to us.
Oh, yeah.
Well, we happen to have been, you know, because our end of the world is coming up very soon,
we've been on kind of a big PR blitz.
And I'll tell you what, Bob, it is a big relief for me to talk to somebody
with even the slightest bit of sense.
Because mostly I've been on the radio with, uh,
drive time classic rock jocks,
which is the lowest form of life on earth.
You and I absolutely agree.
And I'd rather be talking to a fellow religious nut than one of these normals,
if you don't mind, you know, present company excluded.
Yeah, yeah. I have Richard on the line.
Richard, you called in a second ago to ask a question about this guy.
What's your question, Richard?
Yeah, I wanted to know if, basically, if this kind of thing was serious.
Oh, oh, oh, friends.
Oh, oh, man.
I forgot how funny all that stuff was.
This guy called in who, he was actually the guy from the alt.fan.bob-larsen news group,
which is not really a Bob Larson fan club.
They actually, uh, they're not really a Bob Larson fan club.
They actually kind of make fun of the guy and so forth.
And, uh, this, um, anti-Bob Larson guy called up and said,
uh, Reverend Stang, what are you doing on the air with this, uh, adulterous radio preacher?
And I knew what he was talking about.
Bob Larson has had some problems in that respect, much like our current acting president.
You know, some guys just, you know,
just have these organs, I'm sorry, you know.
And, uh, and I jumped in and said, uh, I, you must be talking about me.
I'm sure you're not talking about Bob Larson.
And the, the, um, caller, uh, said, well, basically, they, they censored him.
And it was totally, completely removed from all human reality.
Oh, but, uh, check out what, Larson, uh,
tuned in as, as he, uh, faded back in after the, uh, you know, censored out stuff.
He, he fades back in going, well, you know, uh, I've got a lot more nuts calling me than you have in your whole religion.
And you know, friends, he's right.
And it's kind of a sad commentary, isn't it?
I've got more nutcases who listen to me than follow you.
And we're not gonna glorify these idiots out there and jerks who try to, uh,

try to take advantage of religious fanatics like you to attack sane people like me.
But, Ivan, I want to know, in all seriousness, how many people belong to your religion?
Is just you and a couple of buddies, where do you get the figure of 10,000?
No, we, uh, Bob, quite seriously, we have four books that have been published by Simon & Schuster,
the first one being Book of the Subgenius.
They're, it's still in print.
About 100,000 copies.
The second one is sold.
I've printed, well, 60 or 70,000 copies of our little pamphlet, our equivalent of one of those chick comics.
And, um, we have had at least 10,000 members sign up over, I mean, we've been around for 15 years.
Bob predicted that there would be millions of them and that we would have taken over the world by now,
but I think the conspiracy read Bob's prophecies, too.
And prophecy heeded is prophecy fulfilled.
And you are the sacred scribe of the church.
I'm the one, I'm the guy who has to do a lot of the dirty work, yeah.
I assign the sacrifices and that kind of thing.
All right, well, I tell you what, one of these days we're going to get you back and talk a little longer.
I would suggest, however, beware those little old illiterate ladies as you referred to them a moment ago.
Because there are some godly women of the Lord who deeply resent what you just said,
and they are going to kick your spiritual butt with the power of prayer if you show up on Friday night.
So beware.
Those people that you denigrate have got more spiritual power and common eternal horse sense in their little finger
than you've got in a lifetime of pursuing illicit religions.
And they're ready to take you on.
And they're ready to pray you into the kingdom.
So I say, prayer warriors, my friends in Dallas, beware.
As you can see, it's going to be an interesting evening.
I've got David on the line.
Hello, David, let's go from the ridiculous to the sublime.
David!
I say that if you get your side into this, it's $222.99 only for tonight.
On your way out, make sure...
There are so many logical and thoroughly possible things.
There are so many logical ways in which the entire tribe of mankind could be wiped off the earth at any moment.
Hey, hey, why don't you knock on that trap door there and say,
Yogg-Sothoth three times.
Go ahead, do it, man.
Okay.
Yogg-Sothoth.
Yogg-Sothoth.
No, I'm not going to say it the third time, because you know I won't get one out.
I didn't think I was going to catch you.
That's right.
That's right. I know your tricks.
Last time I did that, I had bad luck for ten years, man.
That's right.
You old mean Mr. Tooth Decay.
That's right. And ultimately that was because of your truth decay.
I saw a little man in the laundromat.
A little tiny man looked like mean old, mean old Mr. Tooth Decay.
When one stops to think what a tiny little grain of sand this haughty world of ours actually is in the dark sea of space,
the spectacle of man's inhumanity to man becomes a cosmic joy.
What's the instinct to a dog?
To run, to hunt with a pack, to kill, Master.
To run with a pack.
Give me a light and a light.
So I can give it a light.
I'm going to burn.
I'm going to burn.
I'm going to burn.
I'm going to burn.
A lot of these kids are highly educated.
They come from upper middle class homes.
But they're burned out and they're broken.
And the pain that's in their heart, they will, with their clothes, they'll show the darkness externally by doing a lot of black clothes and black make-up.
And their poetry always seems to be focused on death and hopelessness.
And on the opposite end, you've got the rainbow kids, which are the hippie partier kids.
And they might not even be aware the world's falling apart.
They just want to get high and fulfill their physical needs and have a good time.
I met her through a 12-step program.
Congratulations.
Oh, yes, of course.
It's wonderful.
Wonderful.
Wonderful.
They don't care to the other end of kids that care so much that it's eating them up alive.
They just don't have anything to focus on because no one's taught them about it.
The music of the .
He said, the spinning wheel, baby.
Knock a little patch on the cat's back.


Swing a coat on grandma.
Get a little juice on the table.
Swang up with a little circus money.
He said, the spinning wheel, baby.
You know, when I called before, it was about spiritual warfare, spiritual warfare, Satan, spiritual warfare.
And so sometimes I have a hard time distinguishing what's really going on.
Right.
Okay.
I got a bad feeling in a few minutes I'm going to be going cocky doody all over this here floor.
Very bad.
Because it's getting pretty weird out there, man.
Slip into something a little more comfortable.
All the world is waiting for you and the power you pose in.
Think and sweat and spew, you filthy humanoid.
Nobody cares.
You don't fit in.
One day you will be a pure cyber intelligence.
A quantum intelligence.
A quantum pattern.
It is life as such.
Sex is so much better that way, too.
I'll do whatever it takes to come to know what to do to get other ideas.
I hope I didn't bring you down.
Well, this whole scene is just in your imagination, babe.
Just go ahead and...
He's having a bad one.
I'm looking at another graveyard again.
Should we wake him up?
No, let's leave him here.
Throw some monsters in.
Someone who wants to know the truth is searching for hope, walks in the doors of a place called...
The Loony Bin.
It's like they're ashamed to, I don't know, shout for joy or, you know, stand up and play the tambourine or something.
They just are so quiet and refined.
And then when I play the drums and I've been looking to get into a band and doing that kind of stuff,
and I keep getting this guilt trip played on me in a way.
Right.
I'm saying, you know, well, these beasts are evil.
You know, Jennifer, I think all you need to do is to take a quick jaunt through...
Dave, bring him here. He's about to kill me.
Oh, they both believe we could escape.
They torture me.
They make me say things. They make me do things.
I can think. I have a brain.
Who are you?
Help me escape.
Hey.
I'm a parakeet.
Who are you?
I know that I'm a parakeet. I'm an intelligent parakeet.
They make me say things. They make me do things.
Help open my cage. Help me escape.
That's all right, over voice. That's all right, over voice.
I can think. I have a brain.
Yes, you can think. You have a brain.
I know that I'm a parakeet.
The bots are not your own.
I'm an intelligent parakeet.
No, you twitter about it.
They torture me.
You twitter about it.
They make me say things.
But you say nothing of importance.
They make me do things.
Help me escape.
You're uncontrolled.
You were ignorant. You were ignorant. You were ignorant.
You were not ignorant as to what you were doing.
You followed a passion because it was pleasurable for the moment.
Now make a commitment that I will not live on passion, passion anymore.
When trials seem unending, when heartaches are hitting wave upon wave, if only we could remember.
Hail Mary, Mother.
Hail Mother of flesh.
Blessed is the fruit of thy womb.
I remember.
Back.
Back beyond flesh and bone.
Unicellular mother.
Colloidal, quadruple father, origin of my life.
Our slimy protozoan father.
In moist sailor heaven.
Hallowed be thy tissueed name.
In shallow, brothy, tropical pools.
Beyond life.
Beyond life.
Beyond life.

Beyond life.
Beyond life.
Beyond life.
One of life's most beautiful and costly wonders is born out of pain and irritation.
When a piece of sand slips through the opening of the oyster shell, it immediately begins to rub against the soft tissue to produce a hard substance.
That hard substance eventually develops into one of the world's exquisite gems, a lovely...
Gray flesh.
Growing.
I was into masturbation and drinking and I stopped that.
and now it's just the thoughts in my mind.
Is there truly to be in for mankind?
Fifty million zircons!
Pray, Bob.
You can open them soon.
And we're leaving this in for a bar cart.
Pray, Bob.
Pray, Bob.
What do you want?
Pray, Bob.
Before, before God.
Will the end of the world come that way?
Transport to Planet X.
Hey, wait!
You're not gonna put one of these T's on my back and relieve my pain?
Transport to Planet of God.
God Planet.
Mormon God Planet.
Send...
...mormon God Planet for retraining.
Send...
...A to Alpha Centauri for delivery.
I guess it's like...
...a certain kind of...
...a certain group of men that I feel...
...um...
...enslaved to, I guess you would say.
Is it based on ever getting into pornography?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
And so, are those some of the flashbacks that come back?
Yes.
No, Maria, you have learned a great deal.
You've got a lot of truth in your noggin.
No way out.
No way out.
No way out.
No way out.
Suicide is the answer.
Will the end for mankind come out of interstellar space?
Mommy?
Mommy?
I'm sorry, but I should be but not.
I'm sorry, but I'll stop.
There is no mom.
Please, now, stop it.
There is no mom.
Mom is dead.
When one stops to think what a tiny little grain of sand this haughty world of ours actually is in the dark sea of space,
the spectacle of man's inhumanity to man becomes a cosmic joke.
Is there anybody out there?
Hello, is anybody out there?
Can you hear me?
I made her, I know I made her out to be a god because I believed everything that she told me.
It is later than you think.
I can't see you, honey.
Wait.
Come on, man, I'm starting to sweat now.
I'm going to see if you sweat.
Help me.
Help me.
Help me.
Help me.
Help me.
Help me.
Help me.
Help me.
Help me.
Help me.
Help me.
And I still believe that I'm ugly.
Stronger.
You see?
You see?
You're stupid minds.
Stupid.
Stupid.
There's a reason why.
there was an appeal toward sexual activity.
And then they saw the red fire and heard the big sound
as the silver rocket shot up toward Mars
and left them behind on an ordinary Monday morning
on the ordinary planet Earth.
And the funny thing is, he's not even high on anything.
He's just completely in his natural state.
Him and his worms.
Him and his worms.
His brain is as naked as the day he was born.
And we are the products.
And when the show of Dave is over, all the shows are over.
All the voices.
All the songs.
All the stuff.
All of it was inside that little tiny ball inside his head.
Love me.
Love me.
Love me.
Love me.
The sexual act is love.
Right?
He was dressed in a strange uniform.
And he came down out of the sky in a long silver craft.
They thought only we could escape.
They torture me.
They make me say things.
They make me do things.
I can think.
I have a brain.
Who are you?
Help me escape.
I'm a parakeet.
Who are you?
I know that I'm a parakeet.
I am an intelligent parakeet.
They make me say things.
They make me do things.
Help open my cage.
Help me escape.
That's all right, over voice.
That's all right, over voice.
I can think.
I have a brain.
Yes, you can think.
You have a brain.
I know that I'm a parakeet.
The thoughts are natural.
I'm an intelligent parakeet.
No, you twitter about it.
They torture me.
You twitter about it.
They make me say things.
But you say nothing.
They make me do things.
They make me do things.

Your mind is being controlled.
Help me escape.
Your mind is being controlled.
There is no escape for you.
I can think.
I have a brain.
They make me say things.
Nashes.
Teeth clog at the walls.
Help me escape.
He thinks that I know it's not going to save him.
Forgive him.
Open my cage.
I'll just open this golden cage here.
Forgive him, butler.
He knows not what he says.
Children who can be free...
Get it?
Do not judge the whole race by this one example.
Then I'll be free.
There are no more like him.
Destroy the rest.
The ship, it came from the sky again.
The tall man stepped out and talked with me, telling me little jokes and laughing.
What else?
Bring forth the virgin.
I feel the virgin.
powerless right i feel out of control he told me he'd take me away in his ship into the sky
take me back to his planet with him it's quite ridiculous really we found ourselves down in
module 24 and uh the gravity is kind of low down here yeah yeah it's about one-sixth of earth
it's kind of fun module 24
well they don't come down to this one a lot yeah well it's spooky down here black lights and the
and the fog machines it kind of gives you yeah the floaty the things the little strobe lights
the landing strobes that you see through the window that's the one thing about this lowest
level dark those little flashing landing lights little beacon
they're not
they're not

really synchronized to each other so every now and then they line up
catch this really eerie shadow
i am a pleasant individual and i will have me pleasant thoughts
can you believe this guy
and i will have me some pleasant thoughts
he's done with the pleasant thoughts
i'm a pleasant he's trying you got no
pleasure
you
care about progress
you know that's where my car
he here already
h refers melted
jay
maggie
she's
got
the
brain
water
Där
br equipped

give me your
i'll use
he over there
issen
okay
cet
Alpha Centauri. Little does he know he'll be the star of a cooking show.
This kind of stuff is called how to serve humans.
And then it happened.
A whirring, rushing sound.
The warmth is of a giant fire passing in the air.
The gleam of metal in the sky.
He's come. It's true. The dream is true.
Three will kill an elephant. Dave can take five.
He likes the pretty colors that the toxic beetle shell makes when he smokes it.
That is the weirdest stuff I ever tried in my life.
You eat one damn burrito and you have a brain gasm.
There's some good things on this dude.
Here Dave, take this hypodermic syringe.
And smoke some more of the crushed up beetle legs.
Think about the old days Dave.
Think about the days.
Dave, remember for us for a second.
Where did you get that cowboy hat?
Where did you get that cowboy hat Dave?
Tell us about the hat Dave.
Yes, remember the hat.
It's been a long time since I put on this gear and decided to become a country singer.
And eventually star on that Centauri.
Yeah, this old hat.
I ain't seen a lot of bad motels buddy.
And a lot of rooms in that one.
This old hat's been around the world with me and now it's been to outer space.
Yeah, only one problem is this hat seems to be expanding and the top of my head keeps on growing into a pointy cone.
And I have to think my weird mind terms from the church are subgenius to make it go down every time it happens.
Every time I pull this old hat off and look at it, it's got a new punch mark coming out of it.
And I think, dang, man, somebody if I get off this ship and they start cheering in the floor and I put this on, they're going to think I'm kind of goofy.
But still, it's good luck.
I could drink me a whole gallon of rain water out of this here hat.
I'm going to walk down by the river and have me a drink out of my old hat.
God knows why.
The rockets came like drums beating in the night.
They came like locusts swarming and settling in blooms of rosy smoke.
I don't have any control.
I'm bad.
I'm bad.
I'm bad.
I'm bad.
I'm bad.
See that green star up there?
That's Earth.
You know, sometimes I have evil thoughts about people and stuff.
I'm in control.
I'm in control.
I'm in control.
I'm out of control.
I feel powerless.
I feel out of control.
Actually, friends, that's the third time I've said that.

This morning, I tried to say that on this little tape deck.
I keep getting interrupted in my mixing by the phone ringing.
It was Jesus.
I can't believe that the Lord is up so early.
It's like 9.30 in the morning here.
Friends, we are sort of out of control, though.
My air conditioner is broken.
And our website got shut down.
The people that run the server, I think, must have gotten some angry letters from fundamentalists
or something.
And they just caved in, shut it down.
It's no big deal.
Praise Bob, there are real Americans left in the world who will do anything for a buck.
So we found a new server that specializes in hardcore pornography.
You know, it's a shame that we have to...
Eh.
This is like the third time we've had to move our website, www.subgenius.com, in the last three months.
But I don't want to complain about that.
Actually, friends, I should...
Well, I could complain.
I could complain that the Church of the Subgenius isn't quite as big as Bob Larson Ministries.
You know, we can't draw as big of a crowd in Texas as Bob Larson can.
But...
But we're growing.
I mean, we've got 40 days left before the world ends.
And then our little company is growing.
Jesus had called me to warn me to look out for our new employee, Reverend Laura.
Praise Reverend Laura.
We actually have...
You know, we employ several people part-time.
Lovely Reverend Nikki Death Chick and now Reverend Laura.
And various other people.
And various other people on and off.
And, you know, I mean, we're trying.
We're trying.
Anyway, what we've been listening to...
Friends, this...
Obviously, you've been listening to Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Although this was a very special show in that Chaz Smith did that amazing edit of this material.
He cut in all those little audio clips.
He collaged the recording session that we actually did not do at the right time.
And we did that in the radio station at WCSB.
We did that in sitting around in Chaz's little black light lit studio.
Sort of like my little studio, only prettier.
And so let's get back to that, friends.
Also, I mean, I'm so glad that Chaz edited that show for us.
He did.
He did a great job.
And it really...
It saves our butts.
Here's an address for Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
They actually have tapes of their music and their improv radio shows.
I say theirs.
It's almost like I'm a...
Kind of almost like a member of the band because I participate a lot.
I'm just the worst musician in the band.
Anyway, that's Einstein's Secret Orchestra, P.O. Box 602684.
Cleveland, Ohio 44102.
Again, that's Box 602684.
44102.
Now, what else do I...
Well, as always, there's mountains of stuff I could play.
But you know there's a new Negative Land album out.
Got a new CD from Negative Land.
And I get...
Probably almost all the college radio stations are playing that.
I'm not sure.

But I'm gonna play some anyway.
But what they're not playing is Reagan's Pollock.
Heck, let's just go to Reagan's Pollock right now.
I lied to you.
I lied to you, man.
Actually, I wanted to give credit for the music in the background there.
That was my good friend, Reverend Imat Zepol, also known as El Diablo.
And his group, Cosmic Voyeur.
And now, Detonator by Reagan's Pollock.
Thank you.
Here are the bitches that I asked for.
Here are the bitches that I need to survive.
You sent me these bitches.
Dear God, I think you'd appeared in the blink of an eye.
Here are the bitches that I need to survive.



The bitches were waving like beauty contestaments
The bitches lined up in a row
The bitches were blind and they giggle like bitches
The bitches been over with asses to show
Asses to show and asses to show, asses to show
The bitches been over with asses to show
Asses to show, asses to show, asses to show
Asses to show and asses to show, asses to show
I cross the street on a bridge of asses
I live my life on a bridge of asses
Bridge of asses
I climbed to heaven on a bridge of asses
Bridge of asses
Right for the bitches
Ooh, the bitches make me feel alright
Ooh, the bitches gonna do it tonight
Ooh
法ر
A lovely little ditty by Reagan's Polyp from their new CD, Detonator.
Here's an address for Reagan's Polyp.
You won't be finding this in many stores.
That's Reagan's Polyp, 225 West 105th Street.
That's 225 West 105th Street.
Suite 1FW, New York, New York, 10025.
Reagan's Polyp, affronted by our old friend that I've never met, Reverend Chris Dumas.
I always want to say dumbass for some reason.
Sternow used to be in that band, but he ain't no more.
Reagan's Polyp, an unusual and yet disgusting, horrible, awful band.
Praise Bob. Thank you.
Reagan's Polyp, 225 West 105th Street.
Reagan's Polyp, 225 West 105th Street.
Reagan's Polyp, 225 West 105th Street.


I missed it, guys. Try it again.
Hi, I'm Eddie Idle.
I-D-L-E.
No, it's not my real name.
Before this, I was Chaney Link in the Prisms.
That wasn't my real name either.
Give me an E.
Give me an E.
Give me an E.





very good name probably because I thought of it before I found Mertz
everything was bad then before Mertz we couldn't get any material to perform and
arguments broke out on stage guys were taking equipment home not bringing it
back I maybe you read about it the prisms you guys aren't even the prisms
well anyway oh these guys don't even read yeah then I happened to buy a tin of
Mertz the tiny brain shaped tablet that makes up your mind well that changed
everything I guess I ditched the van I change my name got these guys together
switch to keyboards now I'm Eddie idol completely famous with a future that's
economically secure
you know
You guys can get your life in gear too, but first you've got to get your mind in gear with Mertz
Mertz makes up your mind
Okay, guys, let's do another take on rolling down the river
Mertz makes up your mind
I'm in control. I'm in control
Okay, we're coming in for a landing on Alpha Centauri
Look at this, it's coming down awfully fast
Oh my god, it couldn't be that we're going to crash after all these years
A 30 year trip and he doesn't even know how to pull the brakes
The stupid idiot, after all this time he screwed everything up
He could have been a star, he could have had all the frup in the world
Dave, come to the light, come towards the light
Come towards the light?
The spotlight
Am I dead off-chart or am I just having another bad dream?
No, the spotlight underneath the helicopter
We're going to put you on board and take you back to 1968
You guys coming to take me back to the lines?
Yeah
Hey man, I'm on R&R
You've been in the hospital, Dave
I'm on R&R, you can't take me back
No, you've been in the hospital, it wasn't R&R
You had your spine replaced
You had your spine replaced
You were spineless in your first life
We gave you a new spine, now you're going back
We lost Mickey, man, we couldn't do anything about it
I don't want to go back
Don't you remember you were in a foxhole, Dave?
I don't want to go back!
Charlie's grenade landed in there
And the next thing you knew you were wiping your best friend's face off of your face
Oh no, that's right
No, wait a minute
I don't know what happened
You were injured, your spine was blown out
My spine was blown out, no wait
Yes, no, wait
We took you to the hospital
Yes, you took me to the hospital
You took me to a medivac and a doctor shot me up
And then they tried to put a new spine in but instead it was just
Uh oh, get down, man!
Charlie's injured, we're about to lose the war!
The last Martians died out years ago
They're a dead race now
They don't know what I'm thinking about them
They don't know what I'm wishing on them
And it's like I'm taking the control
And I know that that's really wrong
And that's really bad
One would mind, neither bird nor tree
If mankind perished utterly
And spring herself when she was born
And woke at dawn
Would scarcely know that we were gone
That we were gone
That we were gone
That we were gone
That we were gone
That we were gone
Today is October 5th, 2026
Hey man, get that away from me
I don't want none of that stuff
I thought you guys had the good smack from Dunag
No, we just gave you the wake up drug, man
Oh no
In 20 minutes you're gonna be seeing things the way they really are
You're gonna dig it, dude
Here, I'll put on some Hendrix while you wait
Oh yeah
Let's go
It was Saturday night
And I went to a bar and
I put in a quarter
To hear some guitar
And I sat on the bar stool
Baby, drinking my beer
Why?
Oh, rock and roll music
Made love to my ear
And don't you know it sounded good to me
So please, baby, please
Say give me some
Rock and roll music
I want it right now, wow, wow, yeah
Rock and roll music
I like it somehow
Rock and roll music
It's rockin' so good, yeah
Rock and roll music
It's so, so, so good
Let's go
Ooh, righteous rock music
It hits like a fist
All right
But I really don't know
What you're really hatin'
I'll tell ya
When it goes like this
Ding
Ding
Ding
Ding
Ding
Ding
Ding
Ding
Ding
Ding
Ding
Ding
Ding

Ding
Ding



Ding
Ding
Ding

Ding
Ding
Ding
Bang

The power of love
Now varies
From people

And hard to find
guitar solo
You know, and then they're like raining from the sky down in the Gariboo, Maine.
But what is instinct, really, to a dog?
Instinct to a dog is probably...
They would know.
...milly, milly, milly, milly microns the french fry is from the wall.
No, actually, I think that dog wishes that its instinct was to hunt and kill and run with the pack.
But actually, the dog's instinct is to serve man.
To serve man.
To serve man.
It depends on the dog.
I mean, certainly not a wild dog, but our domesticated dogs, it's like Planet of the Apes, man, you know.
And soon they will take over, are you saying?
There are slaves now, but we're teaching them all the time.
Well, I am a slave at this very moment.
When the dogs learn how to communicate by vibrating their voices, they start to use their own...
Mind vibrates your genitals.
...radio.
We drop fire on children.
We drop fire on children, but they won't let them write the word...
...on their airplanes, because it's obscene.
Well, you wouldn't want a bunch of burning children to be confronted by such an awful word.
I mean, such a wonderful, awful word, or whatever it is.
I was driving my burning child to school one day, and he saw that word written on the wall.
And I said, do you know what that...
Kid, put yourself out.
I said, do you know what that word means?
And he said, yeah, that means butt.
And I went, son...
It's time for a little talk.
And I can bet it was probably a pretty long talk, too.
That was...
General Versus, I must insist that we cease this cruel hunting of humans.
Dr. Zaius, you are a silly liberal fool.
These humans are nothing but animals.
We will take them aboard our pleasure saucers and train them to be our servants.
We will give them lobotomies and do experiments on them.
There's nothing else we can do.
The surplus of the program's almost all been eaten by the last cuts.
We have to do with what we can.
And look at them, anyway.
You call them human?
Bob Dobbs!
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob.
Post Office Box 14030.
306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob.
P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
I don't understand you, then.
When must... what must be over for July?
Uh...
That snowy field.
When I was out, we were onto a can of peas, a big dish of peas, when I said in July.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yes, always.
I'm always past that.
You are?
Yes.
That's about where I say in July.
Now we need something to bring the bones and stones of this verbalization to life.
We need to find a video brilliancy of enormous power and clarity.
A pictorial flash, like a burst of heat lightning, to illuminate the central concept.
We were...
We were onto a can of peas, a big dish of peas, when I said in July.
The big green jewel of the vegetable kingdom.
Yes.
Why, that's about where I say in July.
There will be other pictures in the commercial illustrating secondary flames, which adds dimension and depth, or which add mood and feeling.
But these will swing out from this video.
