Let's see if we can...
Well, friends, I hate to admit, once again,
we broke the show on the way to the station.
We don't know whether it's really going to work or not.
Starting these things up is so difficult.
Look at this. The headphones don't even work.
But that's okay.
God, nothing works in here.
We'll flip some switches, turn some buttons.
You're just going to come across one while you're talking
from one side of the plate, but when you start to use them, both sides.
Oh, how interesting.
Oh, so we've got mono for the voice tonight, huh?
Right.
Okay, everyone.
As Dr. Willman said last week, put your recorders on stun.
Don't put them on disintegrate yet and hang in there.
If I push this button and we hear sound,
then we've got success.
Success.
To be a good man.
And to turn on the machine, this is Radio Yerevan.
My name is Hans Ivanovich Hagen, and this is the news.
Thank you.
I'm Bob Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
I have some nuggets!
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
Amen.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?

The message is now part.
I've been registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Wake up, puppet boy!
Welcome to the subgenius radio.
We'll be right back.

Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge
of the Church of the Subgenius.
With Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the subgenius, you will be able to access the radio station.

The sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs, living avatar of slack and saint of sales.
On planet Earth.
Now, at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it.
The only faith that promises action, thrills, success in sex and business.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand erect for your own abnormality.
Bob is a way of life to millions, yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living slack master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through
the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to slack.
Now, the subgenius radio.







See another dimension on your TV.
Uh, yes, and praise Bob, my friend.
Uh, please listen and stay tuned here for the instructions for your new subgenius radio
ministry hour of slack radio show.
Praise Bob.
The luck plane has brought you into possession of a subgenius hour of slack show.
This could be the greatest thing that has ever happened to you.
An unsurpassable, beautific experience.
And it's a great thing to do.



And to be honest, it's not a great experience.
Or it could be your worst mistake.
A one-way ticket into an insane universe from which there is no escape.
Improper listening techniques can lead to dependency, severe mental and physical addiction,
seizures, brain fits, chromosomal damage, priapic conditions, overnight glandular mutations,
and even the gousing or erasure of the soul.
You can also be arrested for possession of this show in certain ways.
And if you're interested in this show, please visit the website at www.thebizpodcast.com.
It's free.

I'm off.






However, if you follow these instructions and trust completely in Bob.
However, you are in for hours days weeks and probably centuries of listening pleasure
as this song and this show never end.
Oh, you end it.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.

Use anisen mandatory through stereo headphones who will enter the fourth dimension,
4th to find the power, will transfigure you in fact if you don't plan to listen in headphones
at least for the first time.
Just keep going.
Throw this show away now.
Sound quality will be enhanced several thousand percent from Mac 8.5 to Mac 6.9.0.
After all, this is no compact disc, friends, but a primitive earth show made under conditions of extreme conspiracy financial correctness in an era of persecution.
Ah, yes, listen to that.
Yes, that's beautiful.
I wonder if there's anything about the friends.
Pastor Nick, it hasn't shown up tonight, but tonight we've got the Hell Swami satellite weavers here.
And if we can just avoid having any mid-air collisions with any of those pirate shows in California, we'll be just fine.
Dr.
Hell Swami.
You see, if this sound effect over here works, we'll pop you on.
Ew.
Yes.
Okay, good.
Before we're receiving that other show.
You really asked us to use their names.
That's right.
We're all confused here, okay?
We can't remember.
Yeah, who we're supposed to be is what the joke is.
Which page we're on.
I hate that president.
But if we were in California, it'd be exciting.
No, we're here in Dallas.
That's pretty normal.
Yeah.
Here in Northwest.
I woke up yesterday morning, and the world was in a lot of trouble.
And I opened up the refrigerator, and there were starving children inside.
And I walked down the street, and there was no education.
And the people of different ethnic backgrounds were back at each other's throats after 20 years of progress.
I hate that president.
Yeah.
That's down near Belt Springs, right?
That's right.
I got in a hurry the other day.
I hate that, Ivan.
I'm that demon.
Yeah, we can play quotes for that.
Yeah, that's all.
Well, we might have a tape full of quotes here.
Maybe a good 10 minutes of stuff that's non-radio payable.
We're going to have to remove the bad words from the tape before we can use it in California.
See what I mean?
Well, I think I'll just go over to White Rock Lake and do some fishing.
Oh, yeah.
You should see the urge.
They're beautiful.
The most absolute beautiful yard I saw down there.
Statue of Bob.
As if it were.
300,000 cubic yards of grass dumped at Bob's feet.
Serving Greater Arlington, Fort Worth.
Is this not KNON?
Are we not KNON?
In Texas.
Dallas?
Are we not radio?
EU radio.
We are not.
We are going to be.
And I'm going through these channels.
And I get on this channel and I hear Bob.
Yep, that's a Bob channel.
You're tuned into the etheric airwaves, my friend.
Bob said about all that.
Bob said, if you have to ask, you're never going to know.
Bob is the lesson which cannot be taught.
Just open yourself up to Bob, friend.
Just feel the Bob energy.
Open up to the isness of the business.
The very beingness of Bob.
Can you put your hands on the radio tonight?
Can you lean in?
Can you sit in there and breathe on that radio?
Can you suck that power off of Bob?
It's coming through.
It's coming through the air.
You need to put your hands on the radio, directly on the speakers.
Are you doing that, friend?
Are you on?
Yeah, my hands on the speaker.
Okay.
Okay, now, now, when you have an electrical socket nearby, urinate into it.
Can you do that?
Urinate into my ass?
No, don't do that.
That would hurt you.
Do you have a t-shirt on or do you have a regular shirt on?
I don't have no shirt on.
All right.
I'm on the pipe.
Then just pull the radio to your chest.
Yeah.
The pipe is necessary.
Got it?
You got it there?
Clench tight?
Yeah.
Okay.
Now, um, hold that radio and take your hands and snake them around it and, and grab your
waist.
Reach into your pocket and pull out your wallet.
Send us a dollar.
Love that radio.
You can make love with that radio.
And here we go.
Switcheroo.
Hello.
The love of Bob can kill more than us.
KBFT, you're on the air.
Let's have it.
Are you with us?
You are with us.
Are you against us?
Are you against us?
Come on.
Wake up.
Pull the wall over your own eyes.
You're being ripped off every day.
Learn to enjoy it.
Mr. Dobbs, uh, your pizza's ready.
Thank you.
Bob?
All right.
Hello?
Hello?
You are on the air.
I know two people named Bob and I'm just confused which one is the real one.
There's many false gods.
It's the right one.
The one on the right.
There is only one right Bob.
Because they're both named Bob and I'm really just confused which one is the real one.









I'm just, I don't know what to, I'm just confused.
This raises an important question.
There is, there is a good Bob and there is a bad Bob.
A bad Bob.
All right, friend.
We'll help you.
We can help you, friend.
We can minister.
Can I minister to you, son?
No, Bob.
I'm not ministering.
Can I minister to you?
What, who?
Now, can you tell which of these guys wears a black hat and which one wears a white hat?
That's the clue.
The good one is Bob.
They don't wear hats.
But they have the same kind of haircuts.
Do they both look like Bob?
They're both named Bob.
Do they both smoke a pipe?
At least that's what they tell me.
Which one smokes a pipe?
This guy's all frothed up.
Thanks.
Bob will kill you to save you.
Don't just eat a hamburger.
Eat the hell out of it.
She is a harlot and a fornicator.
My kingdom is on the edge.

The only thing I want is to see you.
Not that I want it.
Sorry about what you're doing.
A good deal is in the wallet of the beholder.
I know you this.
Knowledge at birth, taken of the moon, not of the sun.
Extremism is the defense.
In money is great, but no bias.
Through my discipline, the mind is a confines.
A harlot will bribe thee with the rent.
I'd rather be lying than to be any day.
My giving of any service is unclean and shall be due to perdition.
The divine king will be king of all.









He who doesn't cross the wise known grounds, darkness will fall.
The dust on.
Rain.
If you act stupid, don't treat it as evil.
The word of the spirit shall come indeed, and with every breath that comes.
And in due course, the demons from below the hollow earth shall come forth.
And my devils, under him the voices, shall reach the sky, and you shall see.
Friends, we're here once again, attending the new Christmas show, and one chance will
make you happy.








I guess if we turn this light on all the way.
Yes, friends, it's Christmas time again, and this is another hour of Black Christmas show.
And we're going to service also not just the Santa Clausians out there,
but also those of others.
You have to have a different experience to worship things and toys and new goods around Christmas time.
There are eight steps of darkness.
This is, I think, friends, the only show here,
Bob and the Dillon Tones, lovely version of White Christmas.
Friends, this is Bob and his band, the Dillon Tones.
I think you should enjoy it.
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
Just like the ones I used to know
Where the treetops glisten and children listen
To hear sleigh bells in the snow
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas coming to an end

I write
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases be white
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
With every Christmas coming to an end
May your days be merry and bright
And may all your Christmases
All your Christmases
All your Christmases
All your Christmases

May all
All your Christmases
All your Christmases
Be white
Be white
Be white
Today'sanas
Tuesdays and Friday throughout
Monday with the
the Hiroshima bomb. But what has this got to do with... Patience, young man. Patience.
And now, screen number three. Another rocket. And four. And five. And six. There you are.
The whole picture. Five multiple head rockets. All tied to the controls in the war room of
the Pentagon and targeted on our enemies. But the only person authorized to push the
button is... Yes? The President of the United States. Precisely. But we're not at war and
he's not about to push that button. Quite right. Not that button and not knowingly.
But there are buttons and buttons. I still don't... Like the button that will turn on
the light on that beautiful Christmas tree. On the White House lawn? Right. You mean to
say that button is tied into the rocket launch system you just showed me? Now you're getting
it.
It is.
It's tied in by a remote control circuit I secretly installed. And when the President
pushes the button that lights the tree... Good Lord. For a brief moment, the lights
will go off. And then a bomb concealed in one of the tree ornaments will detonate, destroying
everyone in the immediate area. Including the President? Especially the President. And
simultaneously, five beautiful...
The rockets will soar like avenging angels through the night sky. And when they reach
their targets, they will light up the whole world.
Now the President is safe at least. But I was too late to prevent the rockets from being
fired. Got to stop them somehow.
Okay.
Catch these guys.
Oh God.
He's always scared.

Okay.
He's sorry, 선생님.
Add a button to the starship.
The great creator became my savior.
Now all God's fullness dwelleth in him.
Down from his glory, ever living story.
Friends, try to imagine.
My God and Savior.
Somewhere in the snowy north, the Santee Bob trudging mindlessly through the Himalayan snows,
driven by strange forces to complete.
His nameless errand.
And he may show up at your house, my friend.
If you've been a bad subgenius or a halfway subgenius.
Or if we keep getting tangled up in these other shows and have strange microphone situations.
Oh, hell swami?
I was wondering, I didn't mean to cut off your, uh, your, uh, hymnal there.
I didn't mean to interfere with your freedom of religion or anything.
Well, I know Dr. Stanky.
I know that you would, if your heart's due to something as big as that.
No, I wonder what happens if I push this, though.
It's, it's supposed to close the gateway that'll keep those other shows out.
Tasty it was, too.
Down near the Biblical Arts Center.
Just down there where all, where all those nice people live.
Well, if you came over to our neighborhood, Ivan, you'd find, you'd find out in the Batmobile that we got a lot of scary girls.
There, we got rid of them, folks.
We got our show back to ourselves.
And I just mean, hi, girls.
This is...
Don't forget, if you drive around listening to this show...
This is the false, the falsest of all possible...
Speed limit on most of our streets is 30 miles an hour.
Hi, girls. Hi, girls.
I hate that demon.
That hoot.
Uh, uh, oh.
Uh-oh, look, it broke the show again.
Drinking Budweiser.
And watching Bob R. T.V.
These guys are doing some sort of a...
I hate that non-radio.
This is about as non-radio as it can be.
Yes, it is.
Because it's hard to be you or us even when here at Psych, I'm still a little me, even though I'm mostly you right now.
That's right.
And where we're really waking up is people are waking up here, getting ready for work.
That's right.
Thinking they're supposed to be somewhere, but where we're being listened to, everybody's getting ready to go to sleep.
And they thought they'd give that hour of slack that was listed in the false folio.
Maybe I'll give that thing a listen and see what this Ivan Stang and Buck and New Kid have to say.
Well, y'all ready to rock it away?
Correctively adapted to the under...
Come on down, come on down to Dave's Request.
I wish we could. We're gonna be rocked.
Stuck in the world of old show.
The new president.
Never new stuff. Just show after show after show.
Laird on, Latherd on.
We realize here in Texas...
Completely covered up.
People are sensitive about shooting the president in the head with a crack gun.
You just turn it off because there are too many voices and you can't understand any of them anyway.
I realize it.
Yeah, I know.
I have to keep trying here.
Happens quite often down here in Seattle.
We talked about...
Ah.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
We got rid of those fools.
That was a good one.
Okay.
Well, I'll tell you. This is really a difficult microphone situation, friends.
They change it every...
The conspiracy gets into here.
These little conspiracy bugs.
Gremlin-type creatures.
They come out at Christmas, I've noticed, in mythology.
But, um...
Friends, we've got to do a PSA here.
And this is...
This is very important that you, uh, listen closely to the worst microphone.
So, you knew the big banks were ripping off low-income folks.
Want to help us find out how much?
ACORN, the National Community Organization of Low and Moderate Income Neighborhoods,
is much like the one we're broadcasting from, the ones we live in.
Uh, ACORN is doing a study of home loans to rich and poor neighborhoods by the year.
And it's done by Dallas Banks.
Um, I assume that means there's, uh, some difference in the type of loans that are given to rich neighborhoods and poor neighborhoods by Dallas Banks.
We're looking for five volunteers for either day or evening help with the library and phone research on this campaign.
We will try and...
Please call ACORN at, uh, 823-4580.
I'm gonna give that number again.
You can...
You...
Friends, this is...
This is true.
They...
They, uh...
I think ACORN probably has a good reason for looking into this.
And you can help out.
I know they need help.
And that number again is 823-4580.
And, uh...
Our brothers in our fight against the conspiracy.
Yes, well, uh...
At least we've done our duty there to the, uh, station, uh, above and beyond.
Let's see.
What else in the way of...
Of Christmas?
Yeah.
Uh...
I'll tell you what, friends.
There's been, uh, all sorts of serious problems in the Church of the Subgenius.
Many of which include trying to find the right equipment in the radio station, uh, uh, with
so many confusing issues at hand, including whether or not the...
The...
The Santa did actually die at the hands of the cavalry, uh, that day on the Mount of Skulls.
Or whether...
Uh...
The over-modulation can be helped at some time in the far future.
So, uh...
Friends, this is a song by...
Oh, I see.
I see.
I can control the hiss that comes in and out of here.
Um...
Learned how to control the hiss.
We can now control the hiss.
That means that their minds can likewise be controlled by subliminal messages planted in the hiss that goes out with this show.
Ha ha ha ha.
But, uh, as I said earlier, we've got to minister not just to the...
Those who are celebrating Christmas, but those who are also celebrating the pagan solstices.
This is a, um...
A tune by Magic Mosen and his Royal Rockers.
I doubt if you've ever heard this one.
It's a pretty obscure one.
Um...
But this is Blind Sam, uh, great old Blind Sam and Reverend, uh, G. Andrew Maness of the Church of the Subgenius.
I believe this was a live cocktail lounge song for those who believe.
For those who try to believe.
For those who must believe or die in the case of this church.
Say, do we have any druids in the audience?
Well, hi, yeah.
This one's for you.
Have yourselves a groovy little solstice.
Mithras won his fight.
From now on, the days are longer than the nights.
Yeah, have yourselves a groovy little solstice.
Nosh out on druid food.
Yeah, make little pigs of yourselves.
Then we'll all dance day and night.


And we'll all be naked in a festive groove.
If you are a dazzling urbanite, a smug suburbanite, hey, that's cool.
Ooh, you don't have to lead a boring country life to groove on natural life as a rule.
Someday soon, we'll all dance nude together.
If utility rates allow.
You know, those funky Boston Edison guys, you know.
Until then, we'll don our ritual robes and bow.
To have ourselves a groovy little solstice.
Have yourselves a groovy little solstice now.
Take it away, guys.
So, are you all having a good time this evening, huh?
Are they putting booze in the drinks tonight, huh?
Well, remember, folks, the more you drink, the better we sound.
Yeah.
The Royal Rockers, ladies and gentlemen.
Aren't they wonderful?
All right, thank you.
I've had one of the greatest moments of my life.
I'm not sure if I can say it enough.




I'll do it again.
I'm going to ask Rudy Ray Moore to introduce the world's greatest.
The world heavyweight champion of humor, Rudy Ray Moore.
Right on.
Right on.
Right on.
Right on.
I am yours truly.
Rudy Ray Moore.
bold and still beautiful.
Baby, I want to talk to you for this Christmas
because Christmas holds a lot of memories for me.
Baby, I've had a lot of hard times at Christmastime.
I can remember me and my brother
when I was about six years old.
We hung our stockings up over the mantelpiece
and the health department made us take them down.
Baby, me and my brother wore tennis shoes so long.
Now, let me tell you how long we wore them, baby.
We wore tennis shoes Indian summer, Easter, Thanksgiving,
Halloween day, New Year's, and Christmas.
Baby, we wore our tennis shoes so long
till we wore them out up to the name on the ankle.
When we got ready to lay down,
we didn't take our shoes off until we were about six feet tall.

We didn't take them off.
All we had to do was fold them back, baby.
I remember my father well, you know.
My father used to wake up every morning with a headache.
He used to have... You know what caused it, Ben?
He used to put a stocking cap on his head
and put a knot right in front of it.
Daddy would wake up with that thumping headache.
And he said, the kids would say, my head's hurting so bad.
I said, I don't know what Santa's gonna get y'all for Christmas,
but he's gonna bring you something.
So Daddy took that old rifle and went outside
and shot up in the air and come back inside
and told us the biggest lie I ever heard.
Said, kid, Santa just committed suicide.
On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me
a tab of yellow sunshine LSD.
On the second day of Christmas,
my true love gave to me
two hundred reds and a tab of yellow sunshine LSD.
On the third day of Christmas,
my true love gave to me
three pounds of grass,
two hundred reds,
and a tab of yellow sunshine LSD.
On the fourth day of Christmas,
my true love gave to me
four grams of hash,
three pounds of grass,
two hundred reds,
And a tab of yellow sunshine LSD
On the fifth day of Christmas
My true love gave to me
Five Valiums
Four grams of hash
Three pounds of grass
Two hundred vets
And a tab of yellow sunshine LSD
On the sixth day of Christmas
My true love gave to me
Six joints of smoke
And five Valiums
Four grams of hash
Three pounds of grass
Two hundred vets
And a tab of yellow sunshine LSD
On the seventh day of Christmas
My true love gave to me
Five Valiums
Four grams of hash
Three pounds of hash
Two hundred vets

And a tab of yellow sunshine.
LSD
For Junior מה
This deutlichbefore
an upright eb니까
E good
for an upright longer

for the assisted Univers
We did get one of these lovely soundtrack albums,
the first movie soundtrack ever recorded in our house in France.
It was a beautiful holiday.
We had this one of Charlie Manson's boys,
and he was very sad.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021

Okay, well...
You can call us here at...
Not K-N-O-N, non-right...
Bombastic. Bombastic.
Brimming lymphiness of it all.
Here in our area code, which is, of course, actually 214.
Hey, somebody's twisted your toe, buddy.
So call 823-7490.
Oh, by the way, something very serious for all of you listeners.
No matter what state you're in right now, we'd like you all to support this.
Save the Cat Caver Fund at Box 5444 North Little Rock, Arkansas.
What is it, 7521?
If you have any fraud, we're very serious about that.
Send anything you carry, money, record albums, books, clothes, anything you can get together,
please send it to Box 5444 North Little Rock, 72119 in the 501 area code.
Save the Cat Caver Fund is an actuality that you won't hear on the air.
But it's true.
The Cat Caver area was under attack during the last show, the last subgenius show on Sunday, last weekend in Seattle.
During that show, the actual timing of that show, there was a gorilla attack in North Little Rock on the main plant there.
And all of the products were squeezed out.
Everything was kind of slumped as far as I could tell.
Everything in the kitchen, everything kind of laid down.
I wanted to sleep forever and ever.
And so anything...
Anything you can send in that direction to that box number, that's Box 5444 North Little Rock, 72119, would be appreciated.
Good humor.
That's up there right under KPFA, you know, helping this station to stay inflated.
That's right.
And above the original box number in Dallas.
Well, most people probably are already tied up in their own political or sexual group movement
and don't have the sympathy to send this poor family the punk rock albums.
Or the Al Boni.
Or the horrible tapes of doctors for Bob performances.
And now he'll get four neat postcards.
Yeah, like somebody will send the KK refund.
Yeah.
Subscription to the mall.
It's enough.
It's enough.
See, I can...
We finally figured out a way to get this California show out of our Texas airwaves, friends.
There's no excuse for this sort of thing.
I mean, particularly in a situation where I don't even know where I'm going.
I'm going to stare at...
Listen to these sound effects.
I mean, this is all we've got.
Those California guys have vast armies of engineers that read out of Thesaurus' in the background constantly
and play all sorts of background effects.
But all we've got is the sound of the cassettes falling in and out of the machines,
the echoes of the microphones, the squeakings of the chairs in the little stations.
And friends, what those guys...
What those guys were talking about is an actual subgenius pledge drive.
The Pope of Little Rock, Pope Sternok KK, discoverer of the Janer device,
and one of the founders of Doctors for Bob, this great individual,
was preaching with us on the West Coast.
And he got home from this incredibly grueling marathon, atomic preach-a-thon,
to find his house burned.
Burned to the ground.
Yes, yes.
The first feces-megagog-fist-temple lodge of the Church of the Subgenius in Arkansas.
Burned by the conspiracy.
The home of Doctors for Bob, friends.
Friends, gladiolus weren't even wilted.
Uh-huh.
Not only that, but while their house was burning down,
on the other side of town, somebody broke into their car,
smashed all five windows, and stole all their laundry.
So, Doctors for Bob.
The creators of this song, shot a limited key out of me,
which we won't stop playing.
Why, why do you all be mad?
You say you're not mad at all your friends.
You're just part of the song.
I think not.
I'm not mad.
I'm very ordinary.
Of course you think you are.
But here's a particular happiness.
My particular happiness includes machine gunning a .127.
Here's the trouble.
If that's bad, go ahead, lock me up.
Four.
Four.
Four.

Just because I enjoy washing my face in the blood of the infirm?
Is there any reason to lock me up?
No.
No.
I think not.
I just, I've even got a piece of paper that says my mind's still okay.
Hell, I bet that guy got it from a company agent
who wouldn't give me a job.
Just because I've been locked up one time,
that he ain't got those papers that his mind's still okay.
Hell, I tried to tell them it was not me.
It was me.


Green energy demons, but they merely laughed at me.
Look out, those green energy demons are ruling the planet.
They're not messing quite so hard now, are they?
Without what's killing them, that is a time they
shock the living gee out of me.
I tried to explain it was not me.
It was the brain, the brain of our old former,
which is controlling my mind via laser beams,
via the FBI, via the CIA, via the Communist Party,
via satellite.
It was the demon, the demon that forced me to do the deed.
But that wasn't me.
Doc, doc, doc.
Who's doing this?
It's just, I'm not insane.
I'm more sane than Son of Stan and Charles Manson put together.
How many people must I kill to prove I'm not insane?
But that wasn't ever as bad as that time they...
Shock.
The living gee out of me.
Right in my face, they shocked the living gee out of me.
My jacks, I don't enjoy this.
They shocked the living gee out of me.
It's that time they ran out of my face today.
They took a look at me, oh yeah, I was fine.
That time they cut me in half with barbed wire.
They didn't even have to peel the band-aid off my...
My hands and they did the horrible, oh yeah, I was fine.
That time they scared me alive.
They called me dirty name.
Woo-ha, that was a big old cocaine party.
That one time, they converted my entire body into a wall of membrane.
Whose only purpose was to feel pain.
You know, that time they converted my entire body into a wall of membrane.
Attached to a human brain.
Whose only purpose was to feel pain.
And then applied the flame.
Oh yeah, that was fun.
That time they converted every cell in my body.
Into the flame.
to the same hermit Duck stompin, male testicles enlarges each cell through the size of a sun.
And then inserted huge, sun sized frills, into each of these sun sized male testicle cells.
Woo.
La-la-la la-la la-la, la-la-la la-la la-la.
La-la-la la-la la-la-la la-la, la-la-la la-la la-la la-la.
When you're driving 16 hours, think of Bob.
Think of Bob.
When you use your mutant powers, think of Bob.
Think of Bob.
When your blood is low in sugar, when you're picking up a girl, when you shoot him with a luga, think of Bob.
Think of Bob.
When you're outside exercising, think of Bob.
Think of Bob.
When you're using sex devices, think of Bob.
Think of Bob.
When you're walking through the woods, when you make out with the girls.
When you're beat up to the hood, think of Bob.
Think of Bob.
Big, bad, big, Bob.
Big, bad, Bob.
Big, bad, Bob.
Big, bad, Bob.
Oh, man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh,
Oh,
Oh.
Oh,
Big,
Oh,
Oh,




Oh,
Not, not, not, not B, not B
Not, not, not B, not B
Not B, not B
Not, not, not, not B, not B
You see a flock of birds, think a bob
Think a bob
When you just run out of words, think a bob
Think a bob
When a ring goes from your collar
When you hear a given ha
When your eye ticks for one dollar
Think a bob
Think a bob
When you write to be subgenius, think a bob
Think about
B.O. Box 14306
Think about
When you cast your mojo headers
When you ride through Dallas, Texas
With your heart
Think about
Think about
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar
One dollar


One dollar
B-O-E
B-O-E
B-O-E
We'll take it too
That big bad bob
Heaven in the sky
B-O-E
That's right
Just send us your
One dollar
Send it, it's tax
I guess you could say
It's tax free
You get a lot more for your money
Heck, one dollar
You get bobbed
Think about
Yeah, think about
Well, I'll think about
Yeah, he makes us
Think about
Everybody's thinking about
Everybody wants to think about
Yeah, I'll think about
Yeah, I'll think about
Fuck about
Yeah, I'll think about
If I think about
Everybody's thinking about
Friends, that was Dr. Onan's
Wotan Band
As Dr. Onan's been cranking that stuff out
And, uh
I think we're okay, finally
We'll
Here they come, stay down, here they come
Scary little ugly things
That's a heliopter
I don't understand why
Our own church sends these things in
To try to kill us on our own show
Well, it's part of the dogma
Your own show
Will try to kill thee
There's little babies back there
It's little holographic babies
I'm going down
And I can't kiss
If I can't whoop it again
If I can't talk, off-mode
Goodbye, sir
Uh, yes, friends
They'll vote
You know, there's been
A certain amount of, uh, suspicion
Let me, let me first start off
For those who don't know what they're listening to
This is the subgenius radio ministry
Hour of Slack
This is a church
And, uh, our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs
Was assassinated, brutally assassinated
Uh, almost two years ago now
At that time
Uh
There were
The church fell into
Disuse for a long time
And we seem to live less
Our living in the heart of Slack
Laying dead
Uh, you know
Preserved in loose side
Of the Interfirst building
But there's been telling lately
Of various types of
Resurrections
To schools of thought
In the church of the subgenius
Those who believe that Bob is not dead
You've released the foulness that dwells
In all men's minds
You have infected millions
With your twisted fantasies
Now if you don't pay his pardon
So
That's nice of you
Anyway, it's been
The theory has been advanced that Halley's Comet
Uh, could
Actually contain
A sort of a Bob resurrection
Power in it
Uh, that this year
As well as a, as a
As a Bob resurrection, Halley's Comet
Could be the end of the world
So we could both get our guru back
And at the same time
Uh, see the
Hideous society of the Pink Boys
And the Normals which we so hate
Finally destroyed
And so
We travel ahead
To that wondrous day
Where archaeologists will unlock
This show from an old box
To find out
Since before recorded data
It had swung
Through the universe
In an elliptical orbit so large
That its very existence
Remained a secret of time
And space
But now
In the last few years of the 20th century
The visitor
Was returning
The citizens of Earth
Would get an extra Christmas present this year
As their planet orbited through the tail of the comet
Scientists predicted a light show of stellar proportions
Something not seen on Earth
For 65 million years
Indeed
Not since the time that the dinosaurs disappeared
Virgin Mary



Actually overnight
There were a few who saw this as more than just a coincidence
But most didn't
In 1910
Halley's comet returned
And everybody thought they were going to die then
Who's that?
Look!
It's a comet



The Black Yukon
Realization
In 1993
could help me with all Bob. All Bob. It's been a long time Bob. Since you've been back. Have you
got my answers? Did you bring my slack? I got a few extra questions and a special wish. I got a
whole lot of problems you could help me with all Bob. Hello Bob. It's been a long time Bob. Nice to
see you back. Thanks for your help. Thanks for your slack. And now I've got no problems that I
can't solve. I'm a Bob Dobb doctor and I'm having a ball. Hello Bob.
Nice to see you back. Oh hello Bob. Thanks for the slack. It's been a long time Bob. It's been a
long time Bob. It's been a long time Bob. It's been a long time Bob.
That was Reverend Jim Erickson of Glass Madness. Ah yes that old him. And now for the news.
Hurricane Bob. World Briefs. National Weather Service Miami, Florida. Sunday December 22nd.
Renovating this government in use only. Discussion subject Hurricane Bob.
Norad.
Recon Air Force search plane spotted first Dobbs manifestation at sea 60 miles east of Brunswick, Georgia.
Surface winds up to 170 knots reported emptying into a whirlpool for which radiant huge spinning spokes of light.
High anti-grav readings near the black hole at center. Now tracking Bob at the same speed.
The highlight of Bob reaching the coast. We just upgraded the storm Bob to hurricane.
Interest rates are still low.
Actual situation.
Label top secret.
Air Force 1.
Washington.
Location unknown.
The ice clone activity.
The wind is.
The wind is.
The wind is.
The wind is.

The wind is.

The wind is.
The wind is.
The wind is.
Eastern South Carolina,
and the government's prepared to use small nuclear-tipped
organs of gravity flux
and black hole punches to clear stuff
Bob physically materializes
in the 21st century.
Property damage and casualty
advisory probabilities under
mega circumstances.
Chances of center of
Hurricane Bob landing in Washington tomorrow
night simultaneously with slack center
gravitational meltdown expressed
at 48%.
Government and disaster officials
are not being notified
unless it is ascertained that Bob
will continue to grow in force.
State agitators
are starting to criticize the state
of Marshall Log,
declared in subgenius free zones
along the East Coast
for people to do a black-blaster reaction.
More news
and pictures are coming.
Music
Your local station in conjunction
with the relevant federal authorities
would broadcast the following
pre-recorded announcement.
Dumb-dumb, deedle-dumb-dumb
deedle-dumb-dumb
deedle-dumb-dumb
There was a turtle
by the name of Bert
and Bert the turtle
was very alert
When danger threatened him
he never got hurt
He knew just what to do
He ducked
and covered
ducked
and covered
He did what we all must learn
to do
You and you
and you
ducked
and covered
Be sure and remember
what Bert the turtle just did friends
because every one of us
must remember to do the same thing
Remember what to do friends
Now tell me right out loud
What are you supposed to do
when you see the flash?
Duck and cover
Duck and cover
Duck and cover
Duck and cover

Duck and cover
Duck and cover
Duck and cover
Duck and cover
Duck and cover
Now I've got a cousin
on my daddy's side
He was a single boy
and doing fine
Until he met a waiter
who took him for a ride
He's a hubby now
besides the Paul of nine
All of the monkeys
ain't in the zoo
There's some running loose around me and you
Just watch when you're in a crowd and you'll agree too
That all of the monkeys ain't in the zoo
Oh, the women on the budget always tickle me
They're as tight as ticks and worry all the time
And then a traveling salesman sweeps them off their feet
They give a dollar for the brush that's worth a dime
All of the monkeys ain't in the zoo
There's some running loose around me and you
Just watch when you're in a crowd and you'll agree too
That all of the monkeys ain't in the zoo
guitar solo
Now there's some on the budget
Awful smart men that run the USA
They hit the list of some of our great men
And then there's some others who had a big shot brother
Elected they were just put in
All of the monkeys ain't in the zoo
There's some telling us what we can do
Just watch when you're in a crowd and you'll agree too
guitar solo


That all of the monkeys ain't in the zoo
I used to tell my girl when she'd get married on her mind
That she'd never make a monkey out of me
But I was just a country kid and I didn't know the game
And I guess you know what happened to me
All of the monkeys ain't in the zoo
There's some running loose around me and you'll agree too
Just watch when you're in a crowd and you'll agree too
That all of the monkeys ain't in the zoo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo




Friends, is someone else getting your illicit sex?
Come on now, think about it.
Other people are getting all those goodies that you ought to have.
Why?
Why does that other guy have that Porsche?
Cocaine? Better sex? All that dough?
What?
with you that's right with him.
You know, it might just be that he's latched on to that one thing that you thought was
too stupid to make any difference.
Maybe he joined the church of the subgenius while you didn't because it was bad for your
image.
Maybe he plugged into the vast, bottomless slack that is the birthright of the subgenius
while you continued life as an inconsequential schlep.
Perhaps he sent for information to PO Box 14306, Dallas, Texas, 75214 for the inspirational
words of the great mega-prophet J.R. Bob Dobbs, thereby totally changing his life forever,
turning him into a macro-evolved overman while you spent that dollar.
Video games.
It's even possible that he joined the clergy of that arcane sect, the church of the subgenius,
giving him seemingly godlike powers and confidence for less than the price of a tank of gas.
You, on the other hand, spent five times that much last year on the Kraft macaroni and cheese
business.
Didn't you?
No.
I don't want to say that...
Because of this seemingly minor oversight on your part that your life is total garbage.
No, no.
I'm sure your mother likes you just fine.
But at the same time, did you ever wonder, is someone else getting your illicit sex?
Look, friend, there's still time, but not much.
Write for information from the church of the subgenius before it's too late.
Horrible things are going to happen to this planet soon, and we can tell you what to watch out for.
The world ends tomorrow, and you may die, friends.
So write for information from the church of the subgenius, PO Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75215.
And we'll be reading that number again.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
