Ladies and gentlemen, due to circumstances beyond our control, we are unable to continue the broadcast.
This time we take you to Washington for a special broadcast on the national emergency.
I just make up my news.
I don't even get it anymore.
It's like I waste time getting it.
What bothered make it up?
You can see it when you check out the grocery store.
I just make up news now.
I mean, anytime I want.
When I think about news, I just think in my head.
Earthquake in China.
There's one right now.
We said it on the radio, so it'll happen.
Disease wipes out all bats.
I hate saying we have to be careful about what we say because things will come true.
And then we'll be sad.
Just write the news.
We make it.
We make it.
And when we can't make it, we make it up.
And when we can't make it up, we steal it.
And when we can't.
We steal it.
We plagiarize it.
When we can't plagiarize it, we go out into the hallway and we find a genius.
Our.
Thanks to the large for all these collages.
Collages.
The collages tonight are all by the large.
Just send them in today.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.


In fact.
In fact.

In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
In fact.
Bye.
Dear Bob.
I'm standing outside of Bob.
San Francisco.
Thanks, large.
Sorry we missed you when we were there.
Me too.
But we'll explain soon.
And, um, and, um, um.
All right.
Well, um.
Um.
Usually, um.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Doesn't answer you.
The man does.
Thank you.
Tardy-or- ה׀은 수ert.
Good night, everybody.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
This, friends, you may have guessed, this is a show about a guy named Bob.
Not to be confused with Slander Bob, who did this little cut-up and has a new streaming,
all Subgenius shows, streaming all the time, all shows.
You can look at subgenius.com radio page for details.
Terrible sound.
Brave and deep in the sands of time.
Are the names of those who struggle for perfection in the dream.
Deep in the sands of time.
Are the names of the, are the names of the, for perfection, for perfection in the dream.
For perfection in the dream.
Oh!
Large morphological differences.
Yeah, and also the, uh, the sheer numbers become something else entirely.
Well, of course it's not, uh, as it used to be.
That caller is far gone.
He's a gone gosling.
Oh, I hope we get another caller.
Well, that caller failed.
I hope his brain works.
I hope his brain works.
I hope his brain works.
I hope he's here.
To step up to responsibility.
Oh, he can hear us.
I'm still here.
There he is.
Hi!
Yes.
That's what the satellite does.
How are you?
I've never seen that before.
Oh, so good.
I'm staying awake till my flight, so here I am.
Yeah, I bet you didn't know she could fly.
You know, but doesn't that take, like, a layer of skin off each time you fly or something?
You lose a week.
Individuals talking, they're simultaneous, like, sometimes they're...
All the speech...
All the speech...
All the speech is like a mattress that you're weaving all the time.
Sometimes you gotta take it down a notch.
Sometimes you push it up, you know, push the feeling up, so you can keep it all night going on.
Yes, a nice, soft, comfortable mattress for you to enhance yourself.
Yeah, you can lay down your head.
And you know, hidden in the lining of that mattress is a $100 bill, but you'll have to snip it all to pieces in order to find it.
Take the skin away and make the blanket out.
I think this stuff worked.
Then you won't be able to sleep.
For this guy.
And make sure that no bed bugs reside in your mattress.
These tiny insects can create irritation.
It could be your own blood if the bed bugs are rustling between the sheets.
Yes, your bed and your immediate environment could be...
Seething with bed bugs.
Hey, did you just say...
Don't you want to be too hot, right?
About a tent pole?
A tent pole?
Well, um...
No, not you, Hal. This guy...
No, no, no.
Sometimes you gotta know how to let go, you know.
Otherwise, you can't even process anything if you just keep on pounding and pounding, you know, full on all the time, 24-7, all night.
Yeah, you get people really sweaty and, you know, going on and raving and, you know, popping pills and doing stuff, but...
Mm-hmm.
You gotta know...
You gotta know when to ease it down.
Maybe you float with the ghosts, you know.
I'm maybe not getting maybe too high here, but...
Oh, what did I say?
Oh...
You can float with the ghosts, soar with the spirits, and have fun with the phantoms.
Should we do a little recap on ghosts?
Yeah.
I said we weren't.
We talked a year ago.
Maybe it was last week.
I don't know.
The weeks are passing so fast.
The time is quirling.
How many days are there in a week?
I don't know.
Maybe seven in this planet.
Yes.
Try to exercise time.
I'm sure.
Float with the ghosts.
Have fun with the phantoms.
Soar with the spirits.
Have fun with the phantoms.
Float with the ghosts.
Have fun with the phantoms.
Float with the phantoms.



Have fun with the phantoms.
...

...

...


...

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.


Different.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'll write that in here.
Oh, yes.
It's true.
It's so true.
X-Day is a coming friends.
So the amino acids will be there.
Dr. Howell, the Evolution Control Committee has just been announced.
They'll be there and all our regulars that you expect at X-Day.
But Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence were very wrong about something there.
X-Day festivities will not be held in New York.
The old place in Sherman is taint.
It's the one place that X-Day just ain't.
We thought of Vegas and more, but none of them made the score.
There's Sinfaltimus' yard in New Jersey.
And the Stang Ranch in Texarkerzy.
But things being how they are, a new place to play you can bet we did scout.
But the big, big bucks we need we ain't got.
Got.
So is Stang.
Stereo's where it plays out.
Why, it's good old reliable J-R-J-R-J-R-J-R-Bob Dobbs.
If you're looking for weirdos, this here is the spot.
Lookie where we have found it's pretty damn hot.
Not for good old reliable J-R-J-R-J-R-J-R-Bob Dobbs.
It's the youngest established permanent floating X-Day.
Now in Ohio.
There are weird abnormals everywhere, everywhere.
There are bizzare cuties everywhere.
And an awful lot of slackin' for the subs that get a backin'.
If we only were that bastard J-R-Bob, we could be a millionaire.
That's our good old reliable J-R-J-R-J-R-J-R-Bob Dobbs.
If you're looking for mutants, this here is the club.
You know you ain't no genius.
You're only a sub.
At the end of the world we call X-Day.
X-Day.
X-Day.
It's the 14th.
It's the youngest established permanent floating X-Day.
Now in Ohio.
Where's the party?
When's the day?
Gotta have X-Day so we all get saved.
It's the youngest established.
Established.
.
Permanent.
Floating.
X-Day.
Now in Ohio.
.
Are you guys singing Can Do, the horse can do already?
Yeah, I just heard and I hear the hum.
That's what I was just gonna ask you if it is unbearable.
I got the hum right here.
It's found in praise.
queer, but we can still be
singing cause we're all here.
Dave, shake your phone. Shake your head around.
Okay. I just shook
my head and one of the bolts fell out of the
back of my neck. Oh man, no!
And they're one of the priceless
ones too. The ones that are
engraved by hand.
The hum. The horrible
hum. That is pretty horrible.
Is it pretty horrible? Yeah.
It's fairly horrible.
Now we have known the hum
to slowly go away.
Or else for the listeners here to get
used to the hum. The buzz.
You can get a buzz off Dave's phone, man.
Yeah, man. It's the buzz.
It's kind of a bad buzz, but you know, it's like
you know, sometimes
you get a bad buzz, but at least you got one.
Yeah.
We are copping
a pretty bad buzz. Yeah, man.
Do you
think trying to call back
would do anything?
I will try it.
Give it a try. I couldn't wait.
I'll give it a try.
I'll be watching. It's like chicken soup,
you know. I mean, it couldn't wait.
It couldn't wait. Okay, try it.
Alright.
Give him some chicken soup.
See, it's so nice when there's no...
Give him some chicken soup.
He's dead.
It couldn't wait.
What?
What?
Okay, now we wait for Dave to call back.
What's that
theme that you do with the...
when you're waiting?
Na na na na na na na na na
na na na na na na
na na na na na na na na na
na na na na na na na na na


I swore I wouldn't sing again.
Na na na na na na na na na na

It still stinks.
Uh, yes.
It is tainted.
He got the buzz right here.
It's all really clear.
It could be tainted on both ends.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt it
because it went along with what you were talking about.
singing. The taint?
The taint. Yeah, Sherman has
the taint.
The taint and the crispy rolls. Yeah, so we really are moving
next day to Wisteria in Ohio.
Southern Ohio, if people did not
know that yet.
And I'll soon have proof
of why that's a real good idea
on the air.
Now, friends,
we
didn't especially want to
tell every stalker out there
on the internet that our house
was going to be empty for an
indefinite time. But you still did.
Well, no, we didn't.
We lied quite
a bit. Last December
19th, we left the Slacker Mansion
for what ended up being a
two-month cross-country driving
vacation. And then some.
Ever since
Princess Wee retired from her
job at Weather Control, we've been planning
this because we have grandsons
and nephews and
created monsters in California
and old friends that we had to see.
And, uh...
Some of them were monsters.
There are no
monsters here.
But, uh,
by gobs, we got so much
slack and so relatively
few moments of abject mortal
terror that we're going to do it all again as soon as
we pay off our massive credit card debt
that we built up.
And, of course, the sex change operation's
going to hit you pretty penny too without...
health insurance of the right kind.
Yes, I had to have my sex changed
and then changed back again.
Well, I thought you were going for the fourth
alternative, as they call it now.
Becoming all, and not
androgynous, but trisexual.
No, that's for big movie directors.
Not, not, uh,
sacred scribes like me.
Big time niners.
No, uh, you know, although Princess
Wee is retired,
I, Stang, am not.
And for every three days,
I had to, while on this long vacation,
I had to turn on a computer
and connect to somebody's Wi-Fi
and work for an hour or two
checking mail and orders
and lurking and filling orders
out of this little mini office that I had
developed in the back of the iVan.
I even edited
parts of a couple of radio shows in the
car while we drove.
I mean, while she drove, not while we drove.
We didn't both. Actually, she...
We dabbled inanely into the window
while she drove. We did do that.
We brought a lot of CDs, but we mainly
dabbled inanely. Now, usually,
she drove and I navigated because
I...
It's kind of like where I'm the Spock
and she's the Bones
and there's no Kirk
or Scotty.
You have a GPS unit implanted in your head.
Yes, I am the hard drive,
so to speak,
while she is the motherboard,
the processor. I remember all the
details and the maps and the highway numbers
and where we're going,
but she knows why
we're going because she lives in the now
like a rewardian subgenius
whereas I live in time-controlled
Vulcan Jedi
mentat consciousness like a human computer
with a buzz in my head all the damn
time.
So that's why it makes such little
difference to you, the sound of the aperture.
It's because you've got your own dangling
gangly in your own apertures.
Well said.
Well said.
Reverend Zafod in Dallas
described us. He said
this just came off the top of his head.
He goes, true Yeti mates are like
Siamese twins joined at the crotch.
I thought that was touching.
At the crotch.
Why must you be so brusque in your sexual illusions
and metaphors? You referred to we as a motherboard
because she's a female
and yourself very conveniently is...
I'm the hard drive, baby.
See, that's just like
sexual advertisement for staying.
You've seen me drive.
Drive hard.
And that's why she drove, actually.
Now we
stayed in some marvelous cheap motels
including one with
an atom on it in
Alamogordo called the Satellite Motel
that I'd always wanted to stay in because I saw a picture
of it. And we did. And it sucked.
But we also stayed with
old friends and family whenever we
could because they feed you a lot better
than cheap motels do and they throw
much...
Much better parties.
Mmm.
Fabulous parties and fabulous food.
So you just partied across
the land where it was lovely
while we were all suffocating and dying up here.
Yes. We did not see snow
except on
trails in Bryce Canyon
for two months.
We spent
all of today shoveling
our driveway just so that we could get down
here to the show, but we're in good shape
for it. Well, actually,
our legs were in good shape.
Our backs are weak, but our legs
are strong. I'm afraid you've
gotten used to sunlight, which is
really, really bad for you.
Yes.
You exuberant
ability
able to
Hey, Dave, I have a solution
for about the buzz.
Talk as loud as you can
and then I can pull your volume down and the
buzz will be relatively small.
I'm good. Shout.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, no, that's good.
That actually worked?
Well, no, but
you know, somewhere in between.
I'm sure we can find a compromise.
If I pull the receiver part away
far enough from my ear, it actually
sounds that I have like, you know,
I'm just inside the closet
with the brooms and the mop
and the bucket talking to myself
again as usual.
Dave, I have a question.
Do you have
in your house anywhere
a plastic model kit
of the character known
as Rat Fink,
the Ed Big Daddy Roth mascot
creature from the base
of Weird Art of Cross?
Which I have kept.
You have drawings of Rat Fink?
Yeah, I know Rat Fink.
Drawings that you have made?
No, no, the ones by
Ed Big Daddy Roth.
Oh, okay.
Well, see, here's the thing.
Uh, we stayed with
Reverend Angry Larry in Detroit
not too long ago, and we noticed that
he has a plastic Rat Fink
model just like we do.
Well, next we stayed
with Potter Nostril in West Virginia
and he had a
painted Rat Fink plastic
model out among his
other stuff.
His stuff
makes his house pretty much the
coolest subgenius house. But then we stayed
with Sterno, Pope's
Sterno Docs in Arkansas, and he had
a Rat Fink in his living room.
Five Rat Finks in a row.
I know that Philo used to have one.
We stayed there, and Princess Wee's
brother had one. We stayed there.
So now we have to buy
one for you and our friend Dr.
Tillis.
And my dad.
About half
of the houses of the subgeniuses
have Rat Fink models.
Fairly prominently displayed.
I would bet that Reverend Susie the Flusie
has one. Oh, certainly.
And yeah, like she said,
they usually are prominently displayed.
Now,
but then there are
mystery animals. Rat Fink is known
to everybody, but guess what, Dave?
We're staying on Stang Ranch
in Stang County, Texas
in Stangsville with
my dad and
my brother and my sister and all the
other wild and wonderful Stangs
of
North Texas.
And we learned that
there's a mystery animal
running around on our property.
And we saw it.
It is an elk antelope
deer monster of some kind.
Apparently some kind of African ungulate
that we theorize
escaped from a safari ranch
because there is one nearby.
Well, if there is one, then that
you know, you can't just say
it.
But seriously,
we see deer all the time.
These are not deer.
They don't know what they are.
They have a strange gait.
They're sort of like phantom cats,
but we call them phantom
elopes or phantalopes.
And they're real.
And they've created their own environment right there in Texas.
This is beautiful. And they should probably
maybe get some development grants
and then maybe, you know,
when the time is right,
try and build a mall or something.
What?
The mystery animals?
Uh-huh.
No, somebody's going to build a
mall out there anyway.
I'm depending on that for my retirement.
But speaking of which...
If there won't be any antelope malls forthcoming,
I don't know why that wouldn't
sound like a good idea to some people.
I'm sorry.
It's all right.
Well, just think of the little antlered things
frolicking about.
First place, nobody knows what the hell they are.
So then, you know, you get people
to run the outside of the
containment area and they charge
money to come and see because they don't know,
you know, what it is.
And perhaps if you're on some sort of junket
with the university, you could try and interview
the little critters and see what they are.
Well, Dave, here's the thing.
Somebody already did that.
And that's how they escaped from that place
where somebody was doing that.
Seriously.
And that's how they probably ended up on
Stang property.
Well, I certainly expect to see him on
somebody's mantelpiece real soon.
We...
Uh...
We did also collect on our trip,
we collected new sacred subgenius slogans
from other subgeniuses.
I've got...
Well, you want to hear one?
You're going to.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Reverend Zaphod would just sort of reason
this out in front of us.
He said, with...
When you have your subgenius minister's card
in your wallet, that means Bob is always
covering your butt.
He's covering your...
Can I say it?
Ass.
Yeah.
Literally.
Well, actually, he's only covering half your ass.
It's half-ass coverage, but that's Bob for you.
As Zaphod pointed out.
We went to Zaphod's birthday party
at Club Dada in Dallas,
which was also a CD release party.
Man, was that fun.
But get this.
To our total surprise,
the opening band was led by this guy,
Princess Wego's.
Isn't that your son's wife's...
Brother?
And it did.
It just happened.
We just happened to stumble into a performance
by my daughter-in-law's brother, Clay Pendergrass,
who plays in Los Vaqueros Electronicos.
The electric cowboys.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I thought they were going to be a Mexican-American
electronic band, but he basically is just rock songs.
And...
Man.
Very electric.
And he's got the biggest manner of upbeat songs.
Man, that fits the music so well.
That is so synchronistically messed.
It makes me wonder if your pilgrimage didn't have some sort of deeper,
deeper meaning than you can possibly understand.
Well, we did go.
Of course, you did get that fork out of your butt.
Huh?
We removed the fork long enough, and we went deep.
We hiked deep, deep, deep, deep down.
We're deep downers.
We hiked around Stang Ranch
and Dinosaur World and Enchanted Rock in Texas.
Well, Stanky, did you see any pumas out there
while you was looking for wild critters?
We did, in fact, see signs such as Moose Crossing,
Beaver Crossing, and Cougar Crossing next 10 miles.
And we're not really used to seeing highway signs
in North America saying, beware of lions.
But we enjoyed seeing them.
We did not actually see the lions.
So many of the fish here back east and in the north and the Midwest
and so forth in Great Lakes do not know that there are rabbits
with really, really long ears.
And antlers.
Yeah.
Antlered, I saw many, many jackalopes.
They were all dead and stuffed, I'm afraid.
Of course.
But we did see those.
Lots.
We went deep, deep into the center of the earth at Carlsbad Caverns.
Oh, my gosh.
We went through, we trudged through hell at White Sands Missile Testing Range.
Oh, they're so close together, too.
It's such a wonderful trip to go from one type of radiation
from the earth's core to the other type created by Manly.
Actually, we were, Mr. Sister asked us to pick up some trinitite
while we were in Rock Store area.
Trinitite is the glassy stuff that was formed from the sand
when they set off the first atomic bomb.
It was a bomb near White Sands.
Near Los Alamos?
Well, Los Alamos is where they developed it,
but they didn't actually blast it there.
Well, it's all just a short drive away.
We fought the devil in the Valley of Fire.
Oh, my God.
We went through the bad, bad El Malpais.
In fact, we stumbled into a cave, an unprepared cave,
a cave that we found ourselves.
Exploring, yes, deeply into.
And then, when we came out, we learned that we weren't supposed
to go into caves because bats are contracting white-nose disease.
White-nose syndrome.
White-nose syndrome, WNS, from a fungus on the coats
of cave dwellers like ourselves.
Spear owners.
We read every signature at El Morro in New Mexico.
Were there petroglyphs, or were they just signatures written by people saying,
Hi, I really thought it was cool here?
Everything.
From petroglyphs to Rudy plus Rudy to,
Ay, el Capitan del Morro del Palo Alto,
in the name of the King of Spain,
do declare this blah, blah, blah, beautifully etched stuff.
We saw the Grand Canyon, but we didn't fall off the backside.
We were careful.
No, we didn't.
We saw Hollywood and all the weirdos there.
And Morro Rock, not to be confused with El Morro.
I've seen it, too.
And we went to the Muir Woods.
It had the red woods.
Muir even, honey.
Muir, the Muir Woods.
And the graveyards of the Bay Area where we desecrated.
We actually took photo ops with puzzling evidence and how and lies
and Bishop Jerry and Philo and the overman.
And we took pictures where we weren't supposed to,
in the tomb of the bishops.
At Chinese cemeteries.
Because they're different.
They're for rich people is what they are.
And we used them.
Oh, you were on Haywood over there.
There's some incredibly rich cemeteries.
It's just south of San Francisco.
I can't remember the name.
Daily City?
Costco or something like that.
Went to Santa Cruz Beach.
We broke for him in Stinson Beach.
And we stumbled, looking for privacy,
we stumbled upon Red Rock State Park, which rocks.
And it's red.
Real red.
And our favorite place just about was this place Philo and Wellman
showed me pictures of.
The Alabama Hills, which are not in Alabama,
but are in Lone Pine, California.
And that's where they shot all those movies.
All of them.
It's the place where.
All of what movies?
You stand in these, it's just gorgeous rock formations.
Everywhere you look.
Very, very rugged.
And you go, that's the rock where the Apache jumps off the rock
onto the stuntman's back on the horse.
And that's Mars on that Twilight Zone.
Gunga Din.
And Gunga Din was shot.
That's where Gunga Din died.
And Death Valley.
Well, Death Valley wasn't shot there, but we went there.
Well, that's also where they shot the party with Peter Schellers
trying to pretend he was Gunga Din.
And that's where they shot up all their borax with their 20-meal teams
with Ronald Reagan.
Thank God they didn't shoot him with a gun,
as was previously planned.
But Death Valley was not really all that well-named.
There's a lot of life.
You know, Dave, we were looking for the place where they filmed
those Roadrunner and Coyote cartoons.
And we found places that looked just like that,
but they always had the scrubby grass,
which I suspect the animators were just too lazy to draw.
They deleted the sagebrush and so forth.
Speaking of movie sets,
we went to Las Vegas and explored both new Las Vegas
and old rotting Las Vegas.
Now that sounds like fun.
We didn't gamble or drink their drinks.
But, yeah, you kind of have to see a lot of this stuff to believe it.
And Zion National Monument, where we saw the throne of God
and rocks with funny names, you know,
like the Pettifor, the miniskirt, the nine angels of death.
Bryce Canyon, which we'd always wanted to do,
walked five hours down and five hours up.
Gazing at a hoodoo there.
Yeah.
I walked up for half an hour and almost passed out in Bryce Canyon.
Said, I'm going to get my Yankee buns back on down to the car.
Well, we were there at the right time.
You know, it's off season.
It was winter.
There was hardly anybody around.
You could drive your car right up to the parking lot
instead of getting on the shuttle bus.
Yeah.
With a hundred other people.
We went to Monument Valley.
And it was funny to be on the reservation again.
It's not the kind of reservation I'm used to.
I was used to the—I lived on the Lakota Reservation,
although I was just a Washichu.
And you still are a Washichu.
Yeah, we are.
We are.
And we—
There was a sign, a billboard we noticed in the Navajo area that said,
we need more res ball, not meth.
And I thought, well, it figures it.
I can see how meth could be a problem like it is with all depressed areas.
Yes.
Out in the country.
But what the hell is res ball?
Res ball is intramural sports among different people in different schools on the res.
Say like there's three or four schools in the res.
They all play beast ball or banel ball.
Sometimes they actually just get a large rubber ball and bang each other over the head.
It's hard being rough and tough.
And it's even more so on the res where there's so little poverty and so much disagreement.
They play kickball and ow my balls.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's, you know, that's the thing about Native Americans for a long time.
We certainly had a sense of humor.
So we can't discredit the perhaps without calling up some officer in the tribal law.
Government and saying, hey, look, what does it mean?
Would have to conjecture that it means someone has inflated their balls.
Well, are you making fun of me, Dave?
No, I was going to go on for another half hour.
The stupid we did actually go wandering around an abandoned Native American ancestral play blowing neighborhood.
The Bandelier National Monument.
I love that stuff so much.
And it's scary, too, to be walking among the ancestors, so to speak.
They're not my ancestors.
My ancestors were living in Scotland and throwing spears at this time.
These guys, these guys, the ancestral play blinds had some pretty cool places carved into rocks into the soft, tough.
That tough is not so tough.
But we did manage to get lost in the desert at night a couple of times.
We had the panic virus.
We had the virus in the toilet zone, you might say.
I was never so happy to see that sign that said restrooms after wandering around.
So we weren't in the part of Bandelier that is famous.
We were in an area that's lesser known that's actually outside the park.
And we met the range.
We got there late, kind of as the sun was starting to go down.
And there was a ranger leaving.
And we said, is this can we go in here this late?
And he goes, oh, yeah, yeah.
It's going to be a bright moon tonight.
You can't get lost.
Didn't know he was talking to subgeniuses.
Yeah, really.
He said, we want to arrest you for being in the park after dark and we don't lock up or anything.
And then we proceeded to climb for an hour through the half coolest place in the world.
That's the best time to try and go in a huge park is near twilight to climb the highest thing for, yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
It really does.
Well, you know, it occurred to me that if, say, I was in a park, I was going to be in a park.

But if you say, dobs forbid, if the econocataclysm happened to come before X Day, some of us would be warlords, road warrior warlords, might want to take over the visitor centers at certain national monuments.
Because they're often very easily defended.
In some cases, they've been defended for thousands of years with only one road in.
So I've got dubs on Rock City in Chattanooga.
And I've got dibs on it.
Well, they say there's little condominiums in the park.
That's the difference between the Yankee and the Fort Worth boy.
I've got dibs.
I'm going to throw milk dubs at them poe buckers down there.
I'm throwing milk dubs at them poe buckers.
I actually heard a kid say something like that.
Dubs versus dibs?
Yes.
Phyla, it reminds me of a, I could say this version of Phyla's quote.
People are the poe buckers of the world.
Oh.
And.
And Dave, you'll be glad to know that we took an average of 900 digital photos per day with our top number being almost 1400 the day we did Bryce Canyon.
And unfortunately, there were 900 people that you did not make sign release forms and are now going to sue you, especially people of three indigenous nations.
No, actually, we were very.
Oil companies.
I am not a person who takes pictures of Indians without asking them how much it's going to cost.
First, we thought you were one of those guys that got in the car and pulled up to the mall at four corners and just said, dance, dance, dance.
No, we follow the picture rolls.
Yeah, we follow the picture rolls.
No.
But see, Dave, the thing is, we don't just take pictures of the beautiful places of our nation.
We really like the messed up places, the kitschy and the quaint, the roadside bull dada.
And most of all, and these are the most common, the dilapidated streets.
The structures of rotting.
The decay of our American culture.
And you told me about this and I got mad.
You'd like to go by those old hay silos that look like they're 2000 years old and they are and they're falling down.
Yeah.
And like the abandoned gas stations, boarded up diners corner.
Yeah, we call them the lapos.
Yeah.
The lapos were the lapo photographers.
One of the look your house.
You should have gone in northern New Mexico, which serves delicious.
The lapos.
Yeah.
Yum, yum.
Delapos.
They're not Mexican style either.
A lot of people think there's that New Mexican cuisine is the same as Mexican.
And for you cuisine fanatics, I would beg to differ.
It has elements in common.
Both are products of Indian cultures and Spanish culture.
But New Mexico was not a part of Mexico.
It was part of New Spain, like California and Arizona, before it was seeded by both the Mexicans and the Americans.
A lot of people forget that Mexico is.
Also North America.
I know.
That's something people tend to think.
It's like, oh, wait for it.
Yeah, well.
Well, what can we do about it?
You know what's sad, Dave?
Among other things, when you avoid the interstates and just drive on back roads, you see a lot of those delapos in this once rich nation.
I know.
And another sad thing about this once freedom loving nation is that people are so much more polite to short haired men than long haired men.
And so much more cooperative.
And so much less likely to pull you over for tailgating and search your van and take away all your medical habifrop zipulops.
And because of that, Dave, we spent the entire two months in disguise as the dumb tourists, Mr.
And Mrs.
Smith from Ohio.
But you were really from Alpha Centauri, just like in the music.
Oh, no.
I'm really Reverend Stang, the cult leader from Dobstown.
But we're from the city.
And for two months I kept my long cult leader ponytail as thin and gray as it is.
I kept it tucked up inside a Greek fisherman's hat, even in San Francisco and Santa Fe.
But I did it there because I didn't want to be mistaken for those pompous, smug ponytail wearing old hippie blue hairs.
But you could have in an earlier day, you could have been mistaken for one of the swarthy fishermen who plied his trade up and down the coast from San Francisco to Santa Cruz.
Yeah, well, a Greek fisherman.
Selling large grouper and other cabadon-type fish with teeth that can actually rip off a human being's arm in less than 45 hours, given the right kind of incentive.
It's really a very dangerous world.
We had a dangerous moment.
It's a dangerous world, Dave.
It's a dangerous world.
It's a dangerous world.
For you.
For you.
And for the, for us.
We're driving a podcast.
Highway 1 in California, which goes right along the coast.
And we pulled over at an overlook at sunset just to look at the beautiful snorting and moving rocks.
And that's when we realized that those, they weren't rocks.
They were gigantic animals the size of dinosaurs called elephant seals.
And they glared at us with their baleful black eyes.
And then they honked and brayed.
As if to say, keep taking pictures, pink boy.
I could flop up there and crush you in a second.
I was paranoid about that the whole rest of the drive.
Up through these mountain roads, I was thinking, man, those elephant seals, they're going to jump up onto the road.
Only two, don't take one or two of them to completely stop the car.
Yes, he kept describing to me, it's going to be the attack of the killer elephant seals.
Wait, wait, you'll see.
They're going to be up here any minute now.
They're going to be all over our car.
You'll wait.
You'll see.
Well, you know, when you're driving through the desert at night, you got the risk of giant 50-foot women, giant aliens, giant tarantulas, even giant jackrabbits.
There's actually real terror things that can happen, like rocks can fall down on your head or you could fall off the side into the ocean.
You fall off the backside.
You can fall off the backside.

You can fall off the backside.
You can fall off the backside.
And you're going to be exhausted.
I remember being attacked when I lived out there by some seals.
But the weirdest thing was seeing a large whale decomposing on the beach where I used to go run when I pretended to use my body.
And they didn't know what to do with it.
And whale blubber is very stinky.
So I decided that I would perhaps make a cologne out of it.
Or I would bottle it or put it in jars and set it out on the window and let it distill in the sun.
You wouldn't be the first one.
But it wasn't until I realized that this oil, this whale oil that I've been making all this time, was starting to have strange properties.
Well, but you know, part of the whale's inner juices, the ambergris, is used in perfume.
Yes.
Because it will hold a stink, I guess, or something.
We saw strange creatures.
We saw a lot of rocks and sand.
We saw sticks.
We looked at so many rocks and sticks that I caught Princess Wee's disease of seeing faces in every rock and every gnarly tumor on every tree.
I did that out there, too.
Especially in highlands and clouds and stuff, I would see plenty of faces.
It's just such a grander scale of us Easterners who do not know.
You know, Dave, I think your buzz has gone away.
Oh, it went away a while ago.
Yeah.
I could have turned you up earlier.
That buzz totally chilled.
You know what the very best, the most greatest experience of the whole trip was for me, and this is going to sound corny to my subgenius friends, but it was making my little grandson laugh for hours on end by doing the same stupid thing over and over and over again.
He's only two and a half.
And they're on the thing.

They're in the same peer group.
Yeah.
And my grandson recognized that in his grandfather, and they had the best times.
It was just...
Being stupid.
The best.
Okay, so that's what you're talking about with the court order and stuff?
Ha.
Keeping it away.
Actually, that's a different plan, and I don't want to talk about that on the radio.
Away from my child.
We have a plan to get the church back in the news again, but I don't want to blow it by killing it.
He's just teasing me.
He talks about that anyway.
The worst experience we had was we were in the Flagstaff Motel, and I got online and became convinced that my business was destroyed.
Subgenius.com, the subgenius website, was offline because our internet server company had just changed owners, and my email didn't work and nothing worked, and I thought, oh my God, we're going to have to move the whole 40,000 gigs to a new server while on the road.
While missing orders and importing an email, and yet, you know what?
You didn't care.
I went into the Grand Canyon thinking that my business had been destroyed, and I didn't let it bother me a bit, and I'm real proud of that.
I'm real proud of it, too.
I'm just blown off.
I asked you at one previous time if you ever had a weird experience there, because I guess it's a weird place, but I had a weird experience there.
My wife and child and I were walking there in the Grand Canyon, and a low buzzing hummingbird.

It was about waist high, and it kind of bended the air, and it was very, very frightening.
I told other people of this, and they said, man, there's all kinds of spooky stuff going on there.
Chaz told me a story, our friend who has gone to the Grand Canyon.
He knows what all those buzzing weird shapes are now.
Yes.
He probably is one of them.
Did you ever hear his story about now?
He could have made it up because he was into that Carlos Castaneda stuff.
Yeah.
But Michelle corroborated it.
Do you remember the story about the medicine man making noises all night?
Did it take place in Arizona?
In the Grand Canyon.
What about a medicine man making noises?
I've heard many.
I'm afraid I've had to listen to medicine men make noises all night many times.
See, that's unusual to us Easterners, also hearing people going, and stuff, and lighting fires and dancing around, especially if it's your neighbors, you know?
I happen to have lived on an Indian reservation, and all of my neighbors were Native Americans, and two of them were famous fancy dancers' brothers, the Hermione Horses brothers.
I remember that movie, too.
Anyway, you know what turned out?
The reason that I thought my business had been destroyed was only because the Subgenius website, subgenius.com, is banned from Super 8 Motel Wi-Fi.
And rightfully so.
It is a pornographic, lewd, and disturbingly, disgustingly strange, unusual, and eccentrically erratic, and yet nearly almost erotic experience to go to the site of the Church of the Subgenius.
Subgenius.com?
Subgenius, by the way, is not spelled with an O, but dot and com.
O.
And if you want to go there, remember, spell it T-H-E-I-R, just to irritate.
Oh my gosh, we've only got five minutes.
We've only got five minutes left to go.
Drive 1.2 miles and turn evil.
Drive 3.5 miles and turn into a bat.
Turn left and turn invisible.
Drive three miles and then turn gay.
Turn right and then turn and run.
Drive 1.8 miles and turn into Mr. Hyde.
Drive 10 miles and turn inside out.
Drive four miles and turn Republican.
Turn left and turn right, then turn stupid, then turn left and turn right, then drive off the unfinished bridge and turn into a zombie.
And turn, turn, turn.
And turn the burgers.
They're getting crisp on one side.
Drive one mile and bear to the bone.
And run over a bear.
Turn cold against your enemies and your own friends.
Drive 10,000 miles and turn around and go back and do nothing.
Oh, that's what we're doing. We did do that.
Mr. Sister loaned us his GPS and now we're hooked on GPS.
I don't think I could drive to the post office without her.
See, you've lost the Neanderthal skills of our ancestral peoples who knew all...
Probably what the weather was going to be for the next six months just by going out and smelling a dainty fart and raising their finger in the air.
And placing it first, of course, in their mucus-laden noses, which we have no more mucus.
No more mucus!
I could talk about boogers and butts, but I will refrain from that.
Okay, all right. I know I've brought it to a lower plane.
So I'll elevate my...
I'll elevate once again by saying that we have lost those skills of the Iceman Mummy and those others who used to be able to do all kinds of stuff like be bot-fish.
Drive with a map? You mean using a map to navigate?
Well, actually, I had three maps, a AAA guidebook, and the GPS, but...
Ugg and Ort did well with the maps.
I want to mention...
You named them?
Dave, you'll be proud of us.
Although Twilight Zone music is in the background, we're not going to be able to do that.
We watched television instead of the Twilight Zone.
And, uh...
But we didn't see the news for a long time.
Actually, I did read the news at one point and learned about a one-fingered dinosaur discovered in China.
Mini black holes the size of an atomic nucleus that are theorized to exist.
I learned that somebody had made a crop circle in an Indonesian rice paddy, which must have been a rather soggy crop circle.
And I learned that only one finger of the rice paddy was in the crop circle.
And that's why I'm so proud of you.
And I learned that only one-fifth of American students have any real science education to speak of.
But here's something good, though.
I did learn this was also statistics in the news.
Utah has the most pornography, which figures, since they're the most prudish, uptight...
Right, it's a Mormon land, and they should have more to balance the Mormonism.
Ohio is the nerdiest state with the most nerds.
California has the most air pollution.
Texas has the fewest high school graduates per capita.
Arizona has the worst alcoholism.
Nevada has the worst crime, even though everything's legal there.
New Mexico has the most antisocial people, and Arkansas has the lowest credit rating score in general.
Wow.
And while watching TV with my son,
I watched the show Family Guy for the first time.
I have yet to see it because it's still not subtitled.
I watched a bunch of them.
If you watch two or three with your son, it's actually funny.
We saw a funny show called Tosh.0, which was snarky and we liked.
But my favorite show of all, you know, I don't watch much TV,
but I discovered this all-Spanish network called Telemundo.
Mm-hmm.
And they had a...
dating and miniskirt contest on it that I think I'm going to watch all the time from now on.
And my Spanish is starting to come back.
We spent all that time in the Southwest, and, you know, everything's written in both languages.
And my Espanol, it just started to regreso.
Yeah.
So...
The 12 Hearts was his favorite show.
Los 12 Corazones.
Los 12.
Oh, and one last thing.
The very worst place we were at
was the Whole Foods store in Santa Fe.
And I just...
I can't even...
I felt so...
I felt like a vampire must feel in a church.
Well, that's how well we're doing about it.
In the Santa Fe Whole Foods, the smugness and hipness level...
You know, for a subgenius,
ugh, it was just kind of hard to take.
Princess Wee's much more tolerant of that sort of stuff.
Anyway, it's almost time for us to...
I mean, it really is about time to get off of this show,
which is the Hour of Slack number 1,098.
We're coming up near the show 13013.
1998?
Sort of. 1298.
Wow!
We're off a little bit.
That's almost 13.
We...
Which is, in the Swiss alphabet, the number 13
does mean procreation, high foreheads, and lack of bowel...
Good point.
...strawl.
Well, I'm going to go now, I think.
We're going to get off the air,
and I think we'll go back in here puzzling evidence,
and Dr. Hale will talk about the highway.
I'm going to fade you out, Dave. Bye.
Bye, Dave!
It's been nice hearing about your adventure.
He's fading out.
It's been nice hearing you.
Dave, fade yourself out this time.
Okay.
I'm...
Oh, I forgot how to do that.
That...
Sorry.
He's doing pretty good. That's pretty realistic.
No, he's doing it. He's doing it.
Almost out.
Okay, that's... He's gone now.
He's locked, he's dropped.
No, not locked. I don't want him locked.
I don't want him holed.
I want him to drop.
Drop and...
Lock it and load.
Play.
Wake up and smell the coffee.
Collar just fell asleep...
...at the side of the freeway.
Yes, I know, with the engine idling,
flashers flashing,
and those are the guys standing outside the coffee.
No, but seriously,
they're over there on the side of the road,
on the soft shoulder,
and pretty soon the highway patrol will be long to mop up
and clean the highway for Jesus.
Yeah, I think it's about time for us to
think about packing up and heading out.
You can fall off the back side!
