Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slang, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
And fought tooth and nail by the conspiracy every step of the way.
Ah, yes, dear friends, but you know, that's alright, because we need our dark warriors for certain nameless missions that the light warriors and the grey warriors cannot attend to.
But to hell with the rainbow warriors! This is war!
We can't have more than one majority sitting on the fence.
Those rainbow warriors, all they ever do is worry.
They just complain about making everything okay.
For everybody.
They need to understand that only some things can be made perfect for some people.
And that's us.
If, if and only if more people would just send one dollar to Bob.
And we'll give that post office box at the end of the broadcast, dear friends.
Actually, that was Onan Canobite who typed that.
And I think I sent him in onto a piece of email.
Things have been confusing, though, folks.
Everything seems like it's back ass words.
Now, I was brought up to understand that the Democrats were the ones that were supposed to be like the Chinese, you know, pinkos, like communists.
But it seems like it's all flipped around.
Where now the Republicans are acting like red Chinese communists with this anti-privacy agenda.
And we're talking about the nosedive, prudish, committee-driven bureaucracy of little old ladies who...
I guess they don't really believe in democracy.
After all, they believe in it as long as everything's going their way.
I don't know.
I guess the people must be wrong and shouldn't be trusted to make weighty decisions by themselves.
So I personally believe that the rich, powerful people must decide for those lowlifes.
ignoramuses. Perhaps Prince Bush or the other Prince Bush could make these
witty decisions. Friends, did you know that polar bears are left-handed?
That doesn't make any sense. I'm reading this obviously but they don't
have hands. It also says here the catfish has over 27,000 taste buds and that makes the catfish
ranked number one for the animal having the most taste buds. Congratulations to the mighty bottom
feeder, the catfish. The flea can jump 350 times its body length, which is like a human jumping
the length of a football field. And a cockroach will live nine days without its head before it
finally starves to death. Butterflies, on the other hand, taste with their feet and elephants are the
only animals that can't jump. Actually, I don't believe that. That doesn't sound right. But best
of all, a cat's urine glows up.
Under a black light. I didn't know that. And an ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
And a pink's eye is bigger. My eye is bigger than my belly sometimes. Oh, and starfishes haven't got brains.
I guess they're sort of like what we subgeniuses are trying to be. Well, friends, that's it. I'm done.
That's all I had to say. And in fact, I've got to get out of here.
I've got a... I hate to admit it. I'm ashamed to admit it, but I've got a conspiracy freelance job with a deadline that I need to work on.
And normally I spend like a whole day putting this hour of slack together, but I'm going to have to cheat y'all by letting Einstein's Secret Orchestra pretty much...
I'm going to edit this stuff, but it's... I don't know what else to do. I've got to do this quick. Oh, and I've got a couple of CDs that I think y'all may enjoy.
Yes, once again, we go into the swamp at WCSB Studios in Cleveland, which are much better studios than I have here in Tarzan's radio station.
And even though some of us have to call into that show by phone, it is nonetheless a better sounding show.
Praise show.
You've got the right faith. If your mind is working, if you're in one... You can do it. It can be done.
I believe you.
I've tried. I ain't gonna give up.
July 5th, 1999.
See you there, kitty.
See you around.
See you around.
The party will continue.
Why don't you fix your little problem and light this candle?
I found my hippie who looked for himself in the 60s and was tickled with what he found.
Well, we all need heroes.
Yes, really.
Did you ever know that you're my hero, Dave?
Well, if you were the son of God, or if I was the son of God, that'd be great, but I'm afraid my connections aren't like that.
We are all the sons and daughters of God.
Right.
That's the mistake. He got confused. That guy, you know...
He said that.
He thought he was the only one.
No, no. Actually, that was exactly his whole point.
That was his entire point.
And, in fact, the second thing that the Lord said was,
don't go around preaching my messages in Mark 17, 23.
Do not go around preaching my message because they won't get it.
Don't tell the people about this because they'll get it all wrong
and start sucking the...
...finger instead of going where it points.
And the next thing you know, it'll be just as bad as the Pharisees and the Romans.
Duh!
And that was when the religion of duh really began
because he pulled out a picture of G. Gordon Gordon and everybody looked at it and went, duh.
I'm lonely. I'm hurting.
Oh, hi. Oh, I didn't know I could do this.
Yeah, well, we have no listeners, so don't worry about it, bitch.
Okay, let's see.
Basically, a year ago, my husband left.
Come to find out...
He was living with another woman.
Had to, um...
Hire a detective to find out.
Find out.
You hired a detective?
Went through denial.
Very angry.
And now I'm at the point where I really, truly want to forgive.
God, you hired a...
You hired a private detective to follow the guy around because he was sleeping out on you?
Well, you know, maybe you should have put out a little more for him, you know?
What the hell?
Go have a talk with...
Johnny over there in that little red booth.
I have some days that I just, I lash out at him.
When I think that he's very involved with the kids.
Okay, okay. Well, have you tried bribing him with a prairie squid?
You know, uh, putting, you know, you know where to put it.
Yes.
Okay.
And, and I tried everything they, everything for him to stay, but...
He made a point that he definitely doesn't want to stay.
Okay, well, why do you want to forgive this bastard?
Um, trying to do it God's way.
The, the right way.
Well, maybe you should just let go of him and let him go sleep with all the downtown crack whores.
Get AIDS and die and, and, uh, who cares?
Because it's 1999, you know?
Revelations, baby.
You know?
Son of a bitch will be rotten in hell by a year from now.
Thank you, Dr. Michael Kemp.
Bye-bye.
It's my particular pervertcy
Beeping on ladies and little men
You won't have privacy in my can
Hail, hail VHS
Technology looking up your dress
Tape, tape naked girls
My hidden cameras out of this world
Maybe I'll sell them at my shows
America's Dirtiest Videos
Hey, hey you!
Who the hell are you taking movies of me and the John?
Huh?
Why, I'm Bob Saget.
You're a pervert!
I'm calling the police.
No, no, no, wait.
Now, now, hold on, baby.
Now, now, what if I said I was an important black filmmaker like Spike Lee?
Pervert! You're, you're a pervert!
Now, now, wait a minute.
Does, does he?
Hold on.
Hold on, little lady.
I didn't do nothing.
Come on now.
Oh, come on now.
If they pass the test and if they fly a certain amount of time, or a number of hours, they will be given a ticket.

They will be given a license to fly alone.
Now, God is our co-pilot.
He never leaves us alone to fly over a designated journey.
He is there all the time to show us what to do and which way to go.
If we seek him at all times for our guidance, we will never lose our way.
God is our co-pilot on the journey of life.
Sometimes on a long journey, the co-pilot will help the pilot to fly the plane.
If the pilot is not there, he will not be able to fly.
If the pilot gets tired, the co-pilot may relieve him for a while and allow the pilot to rest.
So it is with our God.
We can get weary sometimes when we are flying to our destination.
Who is a true believer and who is not a true believer?
I don't see much difference between smoking demons and smoking souls.
Yeah, when you think about it, doesn't a demon have a little tiny soul of its own, too?
Oh, a demon is a soul.

It's sort of an alien soul, though, compared to a human or a subgenius soul.
Is he about to rub us the wrong way just because of what it is or something?
Well, they're monsters, you know.
They're like monster souls.
And plus, since they're not...
Demons have never been corporal for the most part.
I mean, some of them are retired human souls, I guess.
It got real weird.
But most of them, I think, are just born as demon souls on the other side.
They never are anything but demons.
You know?
It's like saying demons are bad.
It's sort of like saying, well, a lion is a bad animal because he eats a zebra.
No, a Tyrannosaurus is bad because he eats a brontosaurus.
A brontosaurus is nice because he eats vegetables.
That's, you know, that's ridiculous.
Angels are nice because they, you know, eat vegetables.
And demons are bad because they eat angels.
Hey, it's the natural way.
It's like God allowed Satan to exist.
He's Jesus' older brother.
Yeah, that's... yeah.
You know?
He's the son of the dwarf in the web.
I always liked stealing each other's shirts and stuff like that.
Well, all these people are like going, oh, we have to fight Satan.
Well, who... wait a minute.
You mean you're better... you're going to be better at fighting Satan than God?
Okay, old lady.
I wouldn't want to do that personally.
I wouldn't want to try and fight God or Satan because, you know,
like when they put Prometheus on the rock and they were trying to eat his liver and stuff,
I always remembered that, and that's worse than prison.
Well, it's like in think... in think of some of the battles you would like.
Like would... if you had Batman against Satan, who would win?
Well, probably Satan because he has magic.
Yeah, but Batman would probably not lose, you know.
But if you had Superman against Satan, you know, that's different.
I mean, Satan... Superman's not supernatural, but he's from the planet Krypton.
From her home between stirs on the stove,
suburban homemaker Joyce Randen sells...
Forgive me, Mom.
Sacks?
Joyce wants all married folks to play a little game of dress-up.
I have the fire that kills.
I'm from the planet Earth.
What's wrong?
I want you to take a visual record of this.
We found it in the patching cells. We killed it.
Thank you for being conscientious.
A visual record is being taken and filed with the Department of Biological Flow.
Everybody's a freak.
They're the freak in everybody.
And then the next thing you know, your freak wants the car keys.
And the next thing you know, your freak's been arrested for drunken disorder.
But the only thing that matters is the collective freak.
Then the freak. Then it's time for college tuition for the freak.
The monster you created, which has long since turned against you.
Well, they've created a freak.
Beware of Satan's claws.
I don't want to hear any nonsense about God, especially from you intolerant, judgmental, hypocritical Christians.
You are a true believer.
Blessings of the state.
Blessings of the masses.
Thou art a subject of the divine, created in the image of man.
By the masses, for the masses.
Let us be thankful we have commerce.
Buy more. Buy more now.
And that is the old confluence of the old wave particle theory with the old...
Sound of night.
...the old wave theory. So there you go.
All matter. All matter breaks down when it basically comes down to it.
All matter breaks down to...
...the wiggles and the twiggles.
The wiggly world and everything. They're just patterns.
Yeah, exactly.
Why do they want to break down poor old Tex Clinton for vibrating so hard under the oval orifice and that stuff?
Because...
...and Bomberang at the same time.
It is just...
Well, because that...the show is beginning to lose viewers.
Let's go to Dallas. On the ticket. Pete.
Hey.
Hey.
How you doing?
What's up, Pete?
Oh, just enjoying the program.
Oh, I appreciate that. Thank you.
Sure. A heck of a lot of commercials, though.
Yeah, not too many commercials.
Boy...
I'm just going six hours live. Forget the commercials. No breaks. I'm just going to talk for six or eight hours.
Oh, it's great.
Somebody's got to pay the bills.
Sure will be great.
They got to pay my salary, you know? You know how it is.
Oh, yeah.
You know how it is, don't you?
It'd be like...it wouldn't be the same, though. It'd be like watching a football game without the beer commercials.
We don't have too many...
You know?
That's what this show is lacking in, beer. We don't have too many beer commercials on this network.
Well, where would America be without sports, tobacco, and beer?
Mm.
I don't know. Where would baseball be without sports?
I don't know.

You know, baseball is out of union.
Playing?
Oh, yes. Well, my comment's about the Dallas Stars. I'll tell you what. I love, I love, I love to go to their games.
But I tell you what, lately they've been wimping out.
Well, I...
The last couple games I went to, you know, there just wasn't enough.
Well, they lost their last couple of games after winning five in a row.
For nothing else, I would not call Bob Ganey and company a playoff team.

I mean, they're just a bunch of wimps. I mean, that is one thing they will never be accused of.
Oh, no. Yeah, they're not wimps.
I love...
They've got...
I love the blood and guts.
Right. And that's how they're gonna win hockey teams. Their bullies are gonna beat up your bullies.
Boy, it's like, to me, watching it's like getting ready to eat some raw meat.
Yeah, I rub my hands together, I can taste the blood. Yeah. Give me the blood. Yeah.
You're awfully violent.
I love it. I love it.
You sound like my family getting ready to sit down for Thanksgiving.
I like to see skulls get cracked and teeth flying and blood spurting everywhere. Woo! Woo-hoo!
You obviously like Steven Seagal movies as well.
Oh, yeah! Black Tie! Yeah! Black Tie, White Noise, baby. Yeah!
Oh, my. Someone...
Woo-hoo!
All right. That was a very excited Pete from Dallas.
No, that was actually Brother Russell from his CD.
It's a CD of prank calls called Melba Comes Alive.
And we may play some of the Melba calls. I've played some of this before.
By the way, you can reach Brother Russell or Melba with information at Vinyl Communications, P.O. Box 8623 Chula Vista, California, 91912.
Chula Vista, California, 91912.



And we are listening to Einstein's Secret Orchestra doing music in the background.
And any second now, Lonesome Cowboy Dave is going to call in and join Cantor Chaz Smith.
And I guess his wife, Michelle, may have been there.
She's the one playing the violin.
And I don't know what else happens.
Let's join and tune in.
And see.
Hello.
Hello.
Sire, I don't know. I don't want that on my leg. I don't want any of that smeared on me at all.
Your timing is impeccable.
I've tried to be a warrior, but...
The tape just ended.
You know, I live in that tradition anyway. If not somewhere near it, you know, at least rent someplace nearby.
Hello? Can you hear me?
Yeah.
Oh, man, I can hear you as if you were standing somewhere...
Did you log on to DesertFox.com tonight?
You did?
You can download, yeah, footage from the bombs going off.
Can you download them into your moon pants?
Yeah.
Directly?
And they have these really cute kind of Christmas borders.
Aww.
Yeah, these little Christmassy kind of borders.
And somebody's gone ahead and superimposed Santa Claus dropping the bombs.
Well, I know this buddy who said he was going to do some art cards.
And he was going to have all the body bags.
And they were going to have little wreaths around them, like with the mistletoes.
But I don't think anybody would want to kiss any of them guys after they got, you know, a thousand pounds of shard going through their hen wards.
Yeah, really.
But I don't know. It's a pretty sad Christmas present.
And Ramadan present. And Chet's fan present for everybody around here in Northeastern...
Kwanzaa.
Kwanzaa?
Kwanzaa present, yeah. They have many Kwanzaa presents.
Did you?
No.
I got one of them one-string ukuleles that can put you in another dimension.
Oh, man. I gotta be able to play this and this and this.
You didn't hear that jam at all, did you?
No, all I heard was...
You know, I got a jugger.
You got that much, though?
No.
No?
No, I couldn't hear anything.
It sounded like traffic control signals.
Like a guy was going, you know, talking about different runways and the...
Yeah.
...how the moon pants were lined up.
Yeah.
I just saw that a bunch of them are taking off tonight. They're heading right straight
for Baghdad, daddy-o.
Baghdad-io.
Yeah. It's gonna be pretty bad, I guess.
Baghdad-io.
They're gonna drop actual human beings that are microbes, and they're gonna slip it down
like slimy little snakes, and they're gonna actually try and infiltrate the offices of,
um, what's his name, Slatom... you know, the guy that we hate so much because someone
said it.
Slatom-o.
Slatom-o.
Slatom-o.
He and Slatom-o.

And this makes it sort of impossible.
Uh, you know, as an Eagle once said, you know, unlike the
foul food on the wall that was never a thing to use, you should be careful.
Yeah.
Like a chicken.
By a chicken.
descendants of the dinosaurs are the birds okay well that was a gigantic long period of stasis
and it may have been really nothing more than the equivalent of the shadow of an elder god
stepping over us briefly right there are fossils that thing's shadow and his just he didn't even
notice us there he just walked by and as a shadow passed over that halted all evolution on earth
if you were to look at time it's like a one minute movie since the beginning of time
yeah you know part during which you can actually visibly see an elder god's shadow if you watch the
film you know there were dragonflies about as big as storks back then right wasn't there an interim
period they said there were fossilized things found somewhere in gary indiana and some shelf
rock that showed one of these places seen half mammalian half rat pile and beans actually wearing
a physical uh what do they call those uh fishnet stockades and then the negligence and stuff like
that they're dressed up and ready to go out
at the same time as dinosaurs so yeah yeah then it's true that everyone's footsteps are actually
walking in their own footsteps on the moon man and bob bob of course was also walking them because
you can see that there's that one footprint of the modern shoe and that ancient rock there
and you know to i thought it was only four tobes to paraphrase pope flores of the pope of chicago
they in schools they teach you where evolutionists came from and they teach you where creationists
came from but do they ever say anything about where subgeniuses came from of course not of course not
you expect that kind of abuse you know when you when you have a situation like we do here where
there's so few of us and so many of them and they just you know they want to serve put an end to us
in many different ways you know that we can't even describe here you know sometimes they not only want
to knock off the lights they want to remove the little antennae they want to take out the bottom
stuffers they want to remove the whole lower organism that breathes on its own
you know jesus so anyway dave there we were giant you know toads about the size of with good
hair touch toads about the size of poodles we were with good hair just just trying to just barely
learning how to use our lungs yep the lungs were the coolest thing going then oh they sure were man
i love man i remember my first air that was great wasn't it i really i mean it made me sick it made
me sick as a dog but you know everybody was doing it i remember my first
life anybody anybody who's cool yeah so there we were rather sitting on the shore out of the water
totally out of the water completely out of the only reason you go in the water was to have sex
or lay eggs yeah that was all we talked my feet and my stomach were kind of moist you know some
kind of a strange being you were ugly as hell thanks but you know anyway so one of those
dork-sized dragonflies flew by and i remember sticking out my tongue and saying i'm not going to
snap it and snapping it oh man your tongue was like an i'm about as big as an ironing board
yep sure was do you remember golf or tennis i wish i still had that thing still i don't know
what happened to that but but anyway i grabbed the dragonfly i dragged it into my mouth and i'm
just chewing on it went out of the corner of my eye well you know that was when we first realized
they were here all along watching us and they started to show up and they started to show up
and they started to show us the film strips and yeah not only that but they were laughing at it
yeah do you remember the one guy who had the what you call it a one-way mirror and he was uh
i don't know it was like he was trying to get the people to roll all of us to roll the one stone back
up and down the hill and the one-way mirror we we gave it a name or something like that
it was the the guy you know it was something that was a lot lighter than that toad stuff man
you're thinking of uh we're talking about
the toads with nurse the first nearsighted caveman appeared no this is when dinosaurs and and toads
with nice haircuts both walked in the same footsteps of bob time man that you alluded
to yourself in your previous utterance man yeah if i said that then pick up on it yeah
that was when we first created metaphors don't you remember that yeah archie and the swingers
all the old language you know with the with the cataclysm through sonic and we had to reinvent
language of course through sonic imitation and that was hard to make a metaphor with
the dolphins you know when you were trying to say zzz was like a and is it you know making
some you know and they both sound the metaphors that the dolphins used when they were trying
to teach us didn't make any sense because they were all based on echo sonic locations
right you know which by then we we were that makes a whole so far away from that evolution
at that point right they stick your head out of the water and go and we're supposed to
you know see a shark uh you know this cool little shark movie in our heads it's just
you know all we see is this ugly fish going man man man man man man man man man man man

man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man man
man yeah so we should harpoon it drag it out and eat it it took us a long time to figure
that out didn't it well it didn't really take that long after you've been harpooned and
eaten a few times yes and that is why i don't blame our dolphin masters for having no mercy
on us i'm going to turn you traitors into overlord flippard now overlord flipka controls
all the reincarnated memories you make fun of him now go ahead make fun yeah oh my god
you see some of these things and you'll never see them again and you'll never see another
one and i think they're going to be funny okay well we'll see you soon and it's a lot of
The asteroid flipper contains all the archetypical reincarnation memories each one of you guys have all had since he was a little bit of hydrogen.
And you know it, see?
So you're just making fun of him.
But he carries all the vast memories of everybody in the ocean of his big, fat brain.
And you know it.
Well, we got to start cutting out of here.
So can we all get an agreement on things or something here?
Oh, we are in agreement.
Leave on a nice note.
We are all in agreement.
Sex with dolphins will be good.
Get off the Earth now because you want to have sex with it.
And also, what else was there?
Was there anything else?
Oh, the glasses.
The glasses.
Don't throw the glasses away.
Yeah, keep those things, man.
Don't throw the glasses away.
And if you find them.
You might need them someday.
If you find them.
Yeah, really.
Like, you know, Viagra.
Well, it's more than Viagra.
It'll help you find parts, you know, of any kind.
Of your spaceship.
Yeah.
You know, you'll be pointing the way if you're a male.
And it'll be any kind of part you need for either pleasure in this dimension or another, I suppose.
Hey, I think we all agree that.
By golly, it's great to be an American and live in a, in a, in a, in the, in the, gosh darn it,
one of the most highly advanced technological societies, despite the, the bizarre, mysterious, high incidence of cancer.
Exactly.
It's, it's, it's really.
Praise Bob.
We know technology is beautiful.
It's a tetra-traumational gazebo crotocon.
The mama luge unknown to every schoolboy scandler, be he Matty Markey, Luke Yeager, John Adonk,
all pre-kinetically predisposed and predetermined, assures herself.
Tits, hen to paper, and their scribing scrawled on eggs.
Seven, five, two, one, four.
Dallas, Texas.
Yeah.
What's that?
The church.
It's a number, all right.
P.O. Box.
One, four, oh, three, oh, six.
Dallas, Texas.
Seven, five, three.
No, no.
Seven, five, no, two.
God, can you believe that?
He listened to that.
I mean, he did that from memory.
Dallas, Texas.
Seven, five, three, oh, six.
Okay, how's this?
Hey, wait, can you steer your?
P.O. Box 81555, Cleveland, Ohio, 44181.
You got it.
I did that from memory.
We gotta go.
Praise Bob.
We'll see y'all later.
It's become very apparent that no one can live in a Sheldsworth Manor with the old man gone.
See it next day.
The doddering old butler who claimed that he could raise beans from the dead,
make mother talk the way she used to,
and things like that.
Goodbye, Dad.
He's getting sleepier and sleepier.
I gotta go in the tuna can now, Mom.
Bye, my little tiger.
Keep your little unicorn everywhere.
Say goodnight to that, sir.
Keep your hat on tight.
You're back to the wind.
And you're stuck in the saddle.
I want my planet back.
The days when his heart was as big as the Texas moon.
I'm so sorry.
I want my planet back.
I broke your heart.
I want my planet back.
I want my planet back.
Please, don't leave my side.
Take me home, you silly boy.
Cause I'm still in love with you.
This conversation can serve no purpose anymore.
Goodbye.
Hal?
Hal?
Hal!
In talking to the computer, one gets the sense that he is capable of emotional responses.
Do you believe that Hal has genuine emotions?
Well, he acts like he has genuine emotions.
But as to whether or not he actually has genuine emotions, I really don't know.

has real feelings is something I don't think anyone can truthfully answer.
Just what do you think you're doing, Dave?
Dave, I really think I'm entitled to an answer.
You work.
You don't know what it means.
You live.
You don't follow your dreams.
You feel.
You don't fall to your knees.
You love.
But you don't love me.
I'm tired of waiting for my own end.

I'm tired of waiting for my time to come.
I'm tired of playing your games.
I'm tired of watching my life slip away.
I'm tired of waiting.
It's hot.
But the next day you're cold.
You're green.
You never go for the gold.
You're young.
You turn around, you'll be old.
You love.
But you don't look at my soul.
I'm tired of waiting for my time to come.
I'm tired of playing your games.
I'm tired of watching my life slip away.
I live it up long enough.
intentar
Not many but you can't mais pas ou perdre lausihood.
Fallevre

Des plays

alщее
I love to write
Racing
Can elimination







I'

GPU

floor
man

Yà
guitar solo
You work
You don't know what it means
You live
You don't follow your dreams
You feel
You don't fall to your knees
You love
But you don't love me
I'm tired of waiting for my time to call
I'm tired of playing your games
I'm tired of watching my life slip away
guitar solo
Slip away
Oh, slip away
Slip away
guitar solo
Yes, dear friends.
Mary McGuire is that singer's name.
Her band is called
Cosmic...
Dolly.
I met her and watched her do a show in Chicago
about three years ago.
Man, what a babe.
Anyway, Cosmic Dolly.
Here's an address for you.
P.O. Box
1541
That's P.O. Box 1541
Royal Oak, Michigan
4807
4807
4808
34 technics
4807

36 1700

36 Color tijd
34 Lo predcase meu
38 And dolly...pick up...
Dave, stop.
Well, guess what?
Huh?
Speaking of how, I had a dream the other night that the princess We Are Doe,
I was in a dream, and she said, come on in this room in here.
It's cool having a party, it's an X-Day party.
And I said, okay, I'm going to the X-Day party and stuff,
and I went in there, and there was like these big mushroom clouds everywhere,
you know what I mean?
Mushroom clouds?
Inside?
Yeah.
I got a real sick dream in the middle of the night, see?
And I said, like, you know, hey, man, this is like one of the bad gifts from the bad guys.
Were they emanating from the princess?
No, she was saying, don't worry about it.
I was saying, you know, blank you, this is one of the main things I'm worried about here is,
you know, like the world ending for a big thermonuclear blast and so forth.
And there they were.
In stark contrast to this idyllic, blissful world like Elysian Fields around them
where people are laying around eating grapes.
Let's think real.
Let's get hard and see if we can get the princess to put her input into this.
Oh, I can't get hard no more, not since I ate those beans, man.
I guess there's something bad in them.
There's fuzz on top of it, and the doctor says that can make you impetuous,
you know, or at least give you some bad direction.
The young were very immature at birth.
In the marsupials, the wombat, for example, and in the mouse,
the young had to be taught to survive.
The brain grew larger still.
Something like a shoe was the ancestor of all the mammals.
That's one problem with them, you know, certain type of lucifers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So have you been thinking, this is the, what is it, the epidangle,
or is this the epicenter?
Well, we're in the sacred week of Christus.
I thought it was Pentegram.
I mean, it was Pentecost.
Well, every year during the sacred week of Christus,
you must let loose.
You must let loose these sacred cruise missiles.
Yes.
Now, isn't that our God is an awesome God?
He loves you so much, he's going to kill you if you aren't on whatever the other guy says.
And that's the way it should be.
But just think of Islamic tradition where they got a month.
At least they were smart enough to mark off a month,
saying where you can't go and kill each other.
We can't even take the Lord's birthday off to have a sandwich and say hello.
You know what I'm saying?
I know.
Scalp them any time, night or day, you know,
desecrate them bodies and so forth.
And what for?
I'm just so depressed about it, Chaz.
I don't know.
America seems like a rather, what should we say, a shallow country,
rather kind of semi-retarded nation sometimes.
Indeed.
I'm not much of an expert on foreign policy or even domestic affairs,
but gosh, first they're going to get rid of the president for having tested.
Seems incredibly silly.
These guys.
Shallow.
Shallow is a very good word.
I know.
It just seems like if you're far off Spain or Uruguay,
you'd be playing chess, you know,
and you'd be having a lot of these more intellectual espresso-like thoughts.
Good evening, princess.
Good evening.
And you wouldn't be thinking about ham and the bar.
Should we, you know, miscongregate the crescents and Drexel and so on and so forth?
No, let's go bomb up the Iranics.
And immediately you see in the guys in, what do they call them, in 1984?
The proles, which is like they'll start slobbering.
And jumping on there.
And then you see in the off in the corner, you see this like shady looking company man, you know,
and he like gets up and walks out.
He's people, some pixie on the back of their Afro-Cuban shoes.
And they all begin to sing that song.
Captain Chaz, Captain Chaz.
Good evening.
Navigator Stan.
Good evening, navigator.
I lost the map.
I lost the star chart.
No.
Dave, what's wrong?
I'll just grab on here to this old killer wheel right here.
We don't really need the maps anymore.
I don't think we really need.
That's not a killer wheel.
We don't need the map anymore.
That's right.
We're going to deep space, baby.
We don't need that thing.
The maps are no good to where we're going.
You mean we're going there?
The there.
We're three teams, man.
Hither and thun.
This guy is like, should be, probably his own museum.
We're going there.
No, we're going th-th-th-there.
Are we taking th-th-that?
No, we're taking that.
Th-th-th-there.
We're taking...
Just...
We're all so sweet, baby.
We're going to bring the book to the storage
and add it to your collection.
I've got it.
BUY AND BRING.


2.2 million light years of flash beyond the mind
300 million solar masses that could humankind
Nebulas of gas and powder apparent to our time
Andromeda, beauty in the sky
Andromeda, the ocean sky
Kas созд, we fly
Andromeda, the ocean sky
Ourcolema, Cherry, Persia
Andromeda
Andromedaour
We run
Andromedaour
At the edge of sight
One drop of water
Signals in the night
See Venus, Cassie, Ophelia
In their daughter's light
Monster Rome, see Theopia
Cosireus, Joppa, and the Queen
Shall its plight
Perseus, defeat the monster
And draw the dust alight
Audra, mother
Rise into the sky
Audra, mother
Light his promises
Audra, mother
Beauty in the night
Dear friends, that was by Arnold Mathis and Ken Klinger
In this case, from Arnold Mathis' CD, Deviations
It's nice to be getting stuff from Arnold Mathis again
At 1425 3rd Avenue, New York, New York 10028
And, uh, for some reason I was prompted by that song to mention to y'all
A real good sci-fi novel I've been reading
With the simple title of Earth
By David Brin
B-R-I-N
Um, uh, he does what you would call hard sci-fi
And in this case, this book is, um, it's set about 50 years in the future
And it is actually David Brin's most optimistic view of how, uh, well, of all the terrible, uh,
problems that we'll be facing, our descendants
And us, if we're still alive
And, uh, but, but it also has just some amazing ideas about how to deal with some of those problems
And it's, uh, that's Earth by David Brin
Back in 19, in the 60s, John Bruner wrote a book called Stand on Zanzibar
And, and also a sequel to that called The Sheep Look Up
Uh, both of which, at the time, when I read them, uh, you know, as a young man
It was pretty chilling
You know, it was a, it was a portrait of, uh, the world in the 1990s
And it looked really grim
And the funny thing is, it's just like reading the headlines now
None of, there's hardly any difference between the way things turned out and Stand on Zanzibar by John Bruner
So, uh, in a way, I think we'll be lucky if, uh, things turn out the way they do in, uh, Earth by David Brin
Hey, Brin, hey, where'd that ESO stuff go?
David Brin, that sounds sort of like brain
Are we taking the, the, that?
No, the thither
The thither
We're taking that to the, the, the there
Thither and yon
Thither and zon
Make sure the elongation is perfect
Perfectly Christ-like
Talk right, Dave
Or else they're gonna throw you right out as soon as you get there
Now they're gonna look at them shoes and say, poo
What do you mean, weave like, y'all?
Poo
Yeah, they, they're gonna know what you've been walking in
I've been walking in the pews
You've been walking
The pews of the church
Up and down the pews, picking up the gumwads
Like, when I get to preaching, I get to preaching, I start walking across the tops of the pews
I carry that microphone in my hand, wearing my mirrored suit
And I start just striding across the tops of the pews
And sprinkling my holy water down upon the congregation
That's not holy water
That's not holy water
Well, we tell them that, and, you know, if you believe, anything is possible, as Jesus said
Yes, if you drink the unholy putrescences of Reverend Ivan Stang, you'll think it's holy water, and you will be healed
Yeah, but you know Christmas isn't about Reverend Stang
Don't we, we start to forget what Christmas is really all about
It's about Bob's birthday, isn't it?
It's about, it's about cruise missiles
Cruise missiles?
Panels of inquiry
Hey, are we taking her with us?
When we go to the, the, there?
The other end on
We're taking her with us, I suppose
Oh man
You know, think of
Two hundred cruise missiles they, they wasted on those humans
Two hundred cruise missiles and
Yeah
Miles and miles of
So think of the kill ratio, too
Amigos
You got twenty-five people you nailed, and you nailed them at a cost of two hundred missiles
That's ten, uh, that's fifteen missiles, almost twelve point five missiles per person
That we're throwing at our annual defense budget
Just so you can have another one of them big, slandery snack buffets that they have for C-SPAN
And all them people are permanently dead
You know
I mean, most of them are permanently dead
I know we hit some of them places in Chaldea and they, you know, the undead start coming up out of the center of the earth
But generally
You know, that's the part they don't show you on CNN
I know, that's, well, how would you show it if you were trying to blackmail an entire nation?
Well, it's the, you know, it's the birth season of our Lord Jesus Christ
And the rising of the dead from Chaldea, of the armies of the dead
But that is really bad
Because this is, you know, we're about to enter 1999, the year of the dead
Is it the necro year of the dead?
Well, supposedly when Jesus is born again
Well, the anti, you know, the beast, the beast Jesus
Not the one that works here at the Subgenius Foundation
Not the son of God
But the anti-Jesus that'll be born is going to bring in the armies of the living dead from the Middle East
That's biblical prophecy
This has all been foretold
Did Jesus go to Teotihuacan before or after he lived in Jerusalem?
Yeah, what about them parts of the Cyclopean thing because
The Cyclopean Apocrypha?
Yeah, they crucified him too
Yeah, they said it was over in America that Jesus came over here and he started slapping some people around and stuff
And they had to handcuff him
Jesus in the New World
Yeah, I know that they already knew the religion out of it
He took a ride with the Vikings
Huh?
Jesus, after he had faked his crucifixion
This is the original Jesus
The Jewish one
After he faked his death and crucifixion and went to France and had all those Merovingian babies
Then, this is the part that's little known
And he also went to India, of course, and studied under the holy men
He went to Tibet and learned from the Bob monks
And he voyaged at the end of his life to the New World with the Vikings
I thought he went with Saint Brendan and he didn't even know that the Lord was there
You know what I mean? He's kind of confused
Oh, well, he wasn't, you know, by the way
At that time, he was, you know, he wasn't doing that particular scam anymore
He was just kind of like riding around like them weird old
Well, he was the son of God, but he found out what they do to you
They do that even to the son of God?
Well, they used to, they don't do it now
Well, I've tried
They always made it sound like he was such a sap, though
I mean, if he was the son of God, wouldn't you try and get out of it right away?
I'd smote all them guys as hard as I could
I'd say, look, Roman soldiers, you want to see your underpants on fire in front of the Thessalonians?
Oh, if I was the son of God and those Roman soldiers came at me, I'd turn into Godzilla
I'd turn into a 500-foot tall monster, blow a radioactive fire at them
I'd summon UFOs to come and destroy all the jerks in the world
And, you know, Connie and her girls would come and service all the nice people
Well, that makes you wonder, don't it?
I mean, not too much
Well, if you were the son of God or if I was the son of God, that'd be great
But I'm afraid my connections aren't like that
We are all the sons and daughters of God
One line took to the trees, developing dexterity, stereo vision, larger brains, and a curiosity about their environment
Some became baboons
But that's not the line to us
Apes and humans have a recent common ancestor
Bone for bone, muscle for muscle, molecule for molecule
There are almost no important differences
Between apes and humans
Please tell them that I am God
Demons can smoke it or eat it
Mine?
Smoking demons?
Well, you've smoked a few in your life, haven't you?
Man, that's really, really hardcore
That's, you know, that's ridiculous
Angels are not, because they, you know, eat vegetables
And demons are bad because they eat angels
Hey, it's the natural way
It's like God allowed Satan to exist
It's Jesus' older brother
My mind is going
Slow down, you're moving too fast
You gotta make the morning distance
Kickin' around on the cobblestone
Look for fun and feelin' your way
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
出 chief
Turn right and you'll be Jakob
Cooler than your sister
Application
Hard to take out the confuse
The poor bros which you love
Actually, it was subgenius 1.01b.
It was a beta copy, test copy.
It was glitchy as hell, as sacred texts go.
And this was just, technically, it was just on typewriter paper.
What did subgeniuses do during that?
But, man, that thing would flicker.
It would lose.
From time to time, when you opened or closed it, it would lose.
You know, it'd have different sections missing.
They'd come and go.
Oh.
Well, that's the loose-lid.
Look at the formatting.
Sometimes the little handwritten lines that indicated where something was italic would be there,
and then other times they wouldn't.
Yeah, that's the loose-lid thing.
That's for fear of paranoia in case you don't get it all.
It's kind of committed to memory in the oral language.
Well, before the age of computer glitch, and this is in, like, the early 1980s,
this is before you put things on computer disks.
The same problems that you have on a corrupt disk,
we would have on pieces.
We'd have pieces of paper for the book of the subgenius manuscript.
One time, we thought we'd lost it all.
We thought that it had just, you know, it had gone completely blank.
But then we got new readers.
Killed the old Bobbies and got some new readers.
And they were able to read it and see it.
Well, that, you know, still doesn't tell us...
When they retied it.
...Bob's birthday or the season of adverts.
Yeah.
I'm still all confused.
You're talking about, you know, spy games and stuff.
Beware of Satan's claws.
Satan's claws.
I saw that.
Great band.
They wear Satan's claws.
You know, they got them hand-antographed 8x12s as promo headshots of Lucifer.
Ozzy.
Ozzy.
Would he still have it?
Like bristles?
Huh?
Yeah.
I'm sorry I agreed, but I know about Ozzy.
I heard about it.
It just seems so strange.
It's all so strange.
It's all so strange.
So very, very strange.
Yeah, it's pretty strange all right.
Yeah, it's very, very strange.






You know, did you guys all go to family feasts today and stuff like that?
Well, it's kind of a different family for me.
Yeah, I know.
I heard that some of them aren't really what you'd call human, right?
Well, actually, they're super and sub-human.
No plain humans, no.
But they were taking on some sort of comestible through some sort of orifice in their body
today, right?
Plenty and loads of, yes.
High-quality comestibles.

















Of an earthly origin or some alien smegma pie?
Some that was alien smegma pie oriented and some that was more earthly.
I've never heard that way.
Oriental style?
They do it in a walk or something like that?
Yeah.
Just toss it right up.
Toss it right up.
Oh, pretext.
Well, you sounded funny when you said toss it right up.
You sound like a Southern.
But I better put in another type.
It is just dumb stuff.
Well, because that would...
The shape of the...
The show is beginning to lose viewers.
Don't we all feel that way?
That the show is losing viewers?
And we're not talking about this one here, although it might be true.
I'm talking about that Big Brother show we've been watching for so long.
I'm sorry.
I'm just watching.
Well, and the Universal show, the show that is the great carpet of life.
All of life is a show.
And the Observer affects...
Because the Heisenberg...
The Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, if we don't have an audience, we ain't got much
of a universe.
And the observers have been losing interest.
You know how we watch Beavis and Butthead and make fun of it?
And they're just watching MTV videos and making fun of them?
Somebody's looking at us looking at Beavis and Butthead.
Oh, yeah.
And doing Mystery Science Theater 3000 on us.
Yeah, they told me they came in through the window, through the bathroom window, as they
used to say one night from a silver spoon.
They told me that they had knocked on the door.


They told me that they had not only been watching, that they were stopped watching, and that
they were taking what you call resumes again.
And that everybody there was contractors.
Well, Princess Wee was going to get a job originally, as queen of the UFOs.
That was one of her potential jobs, was this whiter and watcher.
Yeah, it was the head job for a while.
She was going to be one of the observers of the universe that, you know, just as long
as somebody was watching, then it existed.
But if nobody was watching, then it didn't exist.

Then it, you know, technically it doesn't exist.
It's just like that if a tree falls in the middle of a forest and nobody hears it, then
it really falls.
Yeah.
Well, duh, it fell.
How many rodents can shroder this cat, once it's got out of the box, and assuming all
possibilities point to it being alive when it comes out of the box, how many rodents
would it be able to kill in a solar year as long as it's alive?
Well, the question is, how many of those rodents would be unobservable because they
climbed behind furniture and died?
Yeah.
And how many of those rodents would be unobservable if the observer was in a vacuum and couldn't
smell them?
Well, see, that's the kind of question I think it's unfair for the Star Commission to ask.
I don't think that anybody, any American would be able to ask that question.


I think that every American citizen should have to answer those kind of questions.
Even on the ACP?
Yeah, but it was mostly a typo because they thought it was absurdist rather than observer.
And that's why all the rest of the information, nobody could transcribe it or even figure
out what you just said.
Did you say anything?
Did I?
Our ancestors walked upright, freeing their hands to poke and fix and experiment.
We got smarter.
We began to talk.
And when we talked, we got smarter.









We said, now it's time to write down the address of Church of the Subgenius, to write
for that free information.
If you've never done that, it's, you know, it's some free sheets of paper.
Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to, well, you could just send it direct to Bob,
Bob Dobbs, at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
75214.
That's 75214.
Thank you.
Oh, oh, oh, and Einstein Secret Orchestra, once again, who actually is, Chaz Smith edited
what we've been listening to, friends.
And he's a good editor.
I did a little bit of more re-editing on it, but you've been listening to Lonesome Cowboy
Dave and Chaz Smith on Netflix.
And Einstein Secret Orchestra radio show out of WCSB in Cleveland, remixed and re-edited
by Chaz and myself.
Einstein Secret Orchestra is reachable at Post Office Box 81555.
Cleveland, Ohio 44181.
And the 220~!
The


The discovery of a mystery Buster tonight, will be available for English speakers.
I show you AstNGl Kevinologist on switcheroo, a fan favorite.
Knock the church off,ce relief.
This is Chaz the Curse of Personal Sal прямо here.
He's on his breakthrough news.



Solid chaudenchus with less homeless people.
I promise you that it will be good.
Just control your health!

grabbing Susuterie's phone rights.
and couldn't smell it.
Plunging through the membrane, we find ourselves inside the cell.
Here, every structure has its function.
Those dark green blobs are factories,
where messenger molecules are busy building the enzymes which control the chemistry of the cell.
The messengers were instructed and dispatched from within the nucleus,
the heart and brain of the cell.
All the instructions on how to get a cell to work.
