Instead of making your dollars shrink by investing in United States savings bonds,
why not make them grow with interest by spending needlessly when prices are high?
Here's the way it works.
Seventy-five dollars invested now each month will in ten years turn into an income of one dollar
for as long a period as you forcibly fought forces of evil each month for a fact.
But now...
The Soul Genius!
Our house!
What?
Savings plan.
What sort of life, if any, inhabits these other planets?
Human life like ours?
Or life extremely lower in the scale?
Or dangerously higher?
You know, our next guest is Reverend Ivan Stang.
He's with the Church of the Subgenius.
And it's a church that's been around for quite a while.
Saved a lot of people from...
I don't know what it saved them from, but it saved a whole lot of people.
I think it helped a lot of people get married.
And helped a lot of people get married.
They are now claiming that the end of the world is coming soon.
And specifically, I think, on July 5th.
And just like any good organization, they're trying to make some money off of it.
And...
Uh...
So, I don't know...
We'll talk to the good...
Good Reverend, are you there?
Yes, I'm here.
Praise Jack.
Thank you so much.
The end of the world is coming.
It says the doomsday is coming for the 15th time.
I've missed the first 14 of them.
I don't want to miss this one.
Tell me what I need to do to be there and be hip about it.
Well, Jack, I was just looking at...
I was looking at your description on Wikipedia and your website.
Uh-huh.
And I feel like I should be interviewing you.
You're certainly weird enough to...
I would think you'd probably get a free admission to the X-Day end of the world.
X-Day?
You know, it's going to happen everywhere, but we figure we want to be with our friends and sex partners or whatnot.
Right.
You know, when the world ends.
I do believe in theories, Doctor.
But when you tell me flying to another planet is a possibility, you're out of the realm of theory.
You're in a dream world of the impossible.
Even if the world were to end, would it be less unpleasant to die out in space than here on firm ground?
The world will not end.
Predicting the end of the world is an annual crackpot event in our society, an attempt to corner the newspaper headlines.
Read all about it!
The end of the world is just around the corner!
Read all about it!
Get your...
People tend to let go of their inhibitions when they know everything is coming to an end.
Well, you know, I like to base everything on cartoons that I watch.
And one of them that I love to watch is called Squidbillies.
And at the end of the...
On their version of the end of the world, everyone got nude and all the Christians.
Went up to heaven.
Rose up.
Now, the members of the Church of the Subgenius, will they float up nude or clothed?
Or will they remain on the ground to take care of business down here?
Well, that's a delicate subject.
What we suspect will happen, according to prophecy, is everybody who has bought a subgenius ministership and an ordainment...
Mm-hmm.
Right.
...in the church.
It may be a little disconcerting because they'll all appear to be bursting into flames and screaming and yelling.
But their beautiful naked spirit will rise up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
Out of the flames.
Which, by the way, are unichromosomal.
We call them goddesses because they can reproduce, but they can appear as anything you want.
So, you know, if you want your sex god or your sex goat, for that matter...
Right.
...whatever you want.
This is only available to dues-paying subgenius ministers, however.
Right.
I mean, we're crazy, but we're not any crazier than, say, the Jehovah's Witnesses who have predicted the end of the world numerous times.
At least we do it on a regular yearly schedule.
And at a good time of the year and a good place, too.
You know?
It's in a campground in rural New York in Amish country.
Mm-hmm.
But the campground is regularly used by...
By neo-pagans.
Oh.
And it's a nudist campground if you want to be naked.
Of course, only the ones who shouldn't be ever do, but that kind of goes with the territory.
Right.
And we will be in that territory soon enough, dear friends, because X-Day is a-comin'.
This hour of Slack show, number 1,258, is composed almost entirely of people on other shows
talking about...
About X-Day.
We've heard some just now from the Jack Jett Show on Rational Radio in Dallas, Texas.
We'll also hear snippets from the Puzzling Evidence Show from KPFA Berkeley
and from the popular British podcast called Right Where You Are Sitting Now.
Reverend Susie the Floozies, Bob's Slacktime Funhouse from WREK Atlanta will be exploited.
Used.
Used.









And, well, you'll see.
Many of our listeners are unbelievers.
They think this show is cute or funny.
But they don't believe in Bob and they don't take X-Day seriously.
Maybe this upcoming recording will change that.
It was recorded at the 2002, or 2003, X-Day drill ceremony in...
Hamburg, Germany, the epicenter of the Euro subgenius movement.
Oh, no, what?
That's Amsterdam.
Anyway, this is an actual recording from Hamburg, Germany of a live subgenius devival sermon
preached by the great minister, father, or rather, Papa Joe Mama.
The great minister, Papa Joe Mama.
The great minister, Papa Joe Mama.
The great minister, Papa Joe Mama.


I want you to put your hands together and scream like maniacs for the infamous, evil
Papa Joe Mama.
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!

Papa Joe!

Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!
Papa Joe!



Hallelujah ladies and gentlemen.
Very well.
Dear Bob Dobbs.
Ubrames!
You asked what time it is, friends, and I'm here to tell you what time it is.
It's five minutes till midnight!
Aye aye!
Yes, dear friends, the end times are upon us.
The proof that all these were brought to the world was no time.


is everywhere around.
Despite the conspiracy's best efforts
to comfort and reassure you otherwise,
their sinister control
in existence is fast coming to a close.
Best of all,
they know it.
Like the pilot announcing over the intercom
that the engine trouble is
nothing to worry about.
The more they urge everyone to remain calm,
the more obvious their own panic becomes.
They all see the fulfillment
of Bob's prophecies unfold.
A world on the edge of Armageddon.
The conspiracy's desperate last-ditch efforts
to pull itself out of its nosedive.
And Bob's bold plan
to re-establish freedom and slack
in the conspiracy's aftermath.
Do I hear a praise bar?
Praise bar!
Praise bar!
Who would have ever imagined
that the countdown to July 5th
would have begun
on September 11th?
See how the world's armies
converge upon the Middle East
in a futile attempt
to maintain the status quo?
Who amongst us seriously believes
a conspiracy will ever allow itself
to completely win this war,
then turn around and restore
the civil liberties
they so jealously snatched away?
Ah.
There shall always be
at least one
terrorist who gets away.
One that's big enough
and bad enough
to justify the continuation
of the newly expanded police state.
If not,
make it even bigger.
But we,
the subgenies,
we do not
and we are not
intimidated by a conspiracy show of force.
We recognize
only one,
only one supreme authority.
Not the faceless,
nameless men in black.
No, sir!
No!
But a smiling face
named J.R. Bob Dole!
Yeah!
We, we,
we will follow that face
to the ends of the earth
and well beyond
after this planet is no more.
That time is coming soon, my friends.
It's five minutes till midnight!
Yeah!
Look at humanity.
And America alone.
The so-called land of milk and honey.
700,000 people
owe 30 billion dollars
in high-interest credit card debt.
They'll never pay it off.
But of course,
they're not supposed to pay it off now,
are they?
No, sir!
The conspiracy wants them to remain in debt
perpetually,
running down that endless treadmill.
Bob says no!
It's time to get off!
It's time to get off
like you've never gotten off before!
It's five minutes till midnight!

In the last month alone,
American Post delivered
three billion pieces of mail.
Three people died from anthrax
from those legends.
So now the peak public
is terrified that they are next.
That's a one-in-one,
one billion chance
that you could get infected
and be killed.
More people have died
from spontaneous combustion,
just unexpectedly exploding into flames.
Yet millions,
millions still believe
that they're in desperate danger.
This is called mass hysteria.
The first step to complete social breakdown.
The rats are ready to flee the ship,
whether it's sinking or not,
it's five minutes till midnight!
Yeah!
He who knows the future,
owns it.
He who knows there is no future,
rents it to others.
Yeah!

Ah, Bob Dobbs said, and I quote,
the world ends July 5th, 1998.
Now the conspiracy believes that 1998 is over
and that they are now safe.
They don't believe in time control.
They don't believe in exes UFOs.
And worst of all,
they don't believe in Bob!
And for that unforgivable blasphemy,
they shall surely die!
It's five minutes till midnight!
Yeah!
For centuries, humans banged their heads
against the walls trying to find the answers
to life, happiness, and peace on Earth.
But that answer sadly never came.
You want to know why?
Yeah!
Because the answer's not here, friends.
They're looking in the wrong place.
That answer isn't on Earth at all.
It's on Planet X.
And there's only one way to get there, friends.
And it sure as hell ain't by brown-nosing the boss.
Or by trying to stockpile the most numbers
in your bank account.
No, sir!
The only way to find paradise
and avoid hell on Earth
is to possess a ticket aboard an exes flying saucer.
That ticket cannot be bought, friends.
It can only be bought if
you must trade true love and affection for Bob
plus a $30 love offering
to the subgenius foundation.
Now, some people wonder,
can I really afford it?
The answer, of course, is
can you not afford it?
Because, in the most simple of terms,
it's five minutes till midnight!
Ladies and Germans,
we cannot promise you
that you will walk out of here with all the answers.
But we're hoping to at least provide you
with some of the more vital, life-changing questions.
One of them is this.
Do you wish to live after July 5th, 1998?
Yes!
If the answer is no, however,
just keep serving the conspiracy.
Those exes saucers will arrive here
and rain death upon you and all your pink friends.
But if, however, the answer is yes,
well, in that case, I suggest,
and that's assuming, of course,
you prefer an eternity of slack
and want to enjoy a space journey
aboard the pleasure saucers with Bob,
enjoying sex-star beautiful babes,
an abundant supply of have-a-fropped zippy-lops,
and, of course, good quality rock and roll,
and I'm not talking that 70s shit,
then turn your life over to Bob!
It ain't hard, friends.
It's easy and it's fun.
You'll get eternal salvation and slack at no extra charge.
But best of all, best of all,
you'll feel a thrill instead of a chill
when someone asks you,
uh, what time is it?
And the answer is,
it's 5 a.m. still midnight!
Narrated in the words of our great Bob Avery!
Hallelujah!
Hallelujah!
Are you scared?
Boy, I know I am!
I'm so scared,
I think I'm gonna pay my $30 again
just to make sure I get on that Exit spacecraft!
I paid my $30!
Hallelujah!
The subcommittee didn't believe a word we told them.
At least they didn't ridicule us.
No one believes us.
How will we ever interest enough private capital?
It's hopeless.
I believe you, Bob.
I'll buy you a start on your rocket ship.
At my age,
I'll settle for the satisfaction that I contributed
toward salvaging something from our old world.
Hey, I'm older and richer than you are.
I'll arrange a lease on a large enough camp,
one of the government's old proving ground sites.
Why, between Marston and me,
you'll have enough to start construction.
Wonderful, Spiro, wonderful!
I'll arrange the details for our next meeting.
Right!
Hello, Reverend Stang.
Thanks so much for coming on the show again.
We really appreciate it.
Always good to have you on.
Praise Ken and praise Kim.
Both co-hosts with one syllable names starting with a K.
Yep, that's there.
In order to confuse subgeniuses.
Yeah, that's our cunning plan.
Not really, it's pretty easy to confuse them.
I was gonna say,
it's not even working very well, so...
Yeah, true, true.
We're not doing too well on that one.
So, we've just, you've just finished X Day,
and I assume, unless we're talking to you on some kind of interstellar Skype,
the sources didn't turn up this time.
Right.
This is actually the 12th time that we've waited on July 5th,
12 years in a row,
at the ungodly hour of 7 o'clock in the morning,
waiting for aliens to come in.
And, uh, save us from this planet,
and let us destroy everything we didn't like on this planet,
for only 30 bucks.
But, once again, it turned out just to be another drill.
Yeah.
Uh, nonetheless, I'm sure we'll be out there, uh, next time.
Next time we'll be lucky 13.
Ah.
And, uh, you know, you cannot shake the faith of the subgenius.
Uh, it's, it's unshakable,
possibly because it's not even really there.
Ah.
That's funny. Yeah, there you go.
But you'd think someone that was, uh, so keen on Slack
would arrange a slightly later date to pick up the subgeniuses.
Well, that's the thing.
You know, we don't, we, we,
I think Bob's lesson from this whole X Day thing is that, uh,
we know not the hour in which they will come.
Mm.
And that means you better be ready any second now.
The world could end tomorrow.
Do you have that subgenius minister's card in your pocket
that will provide you with eternal salvation or triple your money back?
Yeah.
That's the question everybody must ask themselves.
Uh, you know, the fact that we gather like idiots
and wait at 7 in the morning every July 5th
on this rainy campground for saucers to pick us up,
only, and then the saucer's not picking us up,
only indicates that,
that this is not yet the year that Bob predicted the saucers would pick us up, 1998.
This must be before 1998,
and the conspiracy of the normal people has obviously been, uh,
diddling the calendars for hundreds of years,
just to embarrass Bob.
Yeah.
Our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Yeah.
Who predicted all this stuff.
And, and, uh, we, we still have faith in Bob, or F.I.B. for short.
.
We, we steadfastly maintain the F.I.B.
The fib.
.
Of faith in Bob, yes.
Have you considered that maybe aliens don't like early mornings?
I, I, I, everybody has considered that.
Any more than any other saving individual.
I can guarantee you that the subgeniuses really don't like to get up at 7.
Yup.
Now, most of them have to get up at 7 in the morning five days a week to go to work.
Uh, for me, that's the only morning that I have to get up that early.
That, that's my sacrifice for the subgeniuses, is I get up there and let them throw rocks
at me when the aliens don't show up.
.
But I only have to do that one day a year.
So, you might say I have a pretty good job.
You know, I want to see that one that was 60,000 B.C. when there's really no, no humans
that are really.
.

.
Like humans yet.
.
Yeah.
.
They're almost human.
.
They're like ferrets.
.
People.
.
They're like cartons of milk.
.
This is the sickest, sickest thing I've ever heard on KFJC, George.

Each person has a face.
Their face is a carton of milk.
.
George, I don't think I'll ever listen to this show again.
.
No, no, you probably won't.
.
You know, I used to listen to this show, George, to get my news and I'd get my relevant information
for the day.
I would get my marching orders.
I'd be able to go out and face and cope with the world.
.
And yet now, George, George, when I listen to this show now, all I get is confusion,
chaos, and tumult.
.
.


.
.

.

.
.
.

.




.
.



.
.
.
.
.



















The two have a good relationship.
.
Yeah, because they're a nice band, really.
They are a nice band.
Yeah.
Like Jimi Hendrix was a nice band.
Who is that?
Who is that?
Who is that?
That voice?
Roger Waters.
That guy yelling?
Yeah.
Is that Roger Waters?
Yeah.
It's going back and forth between Roger Waters and Jimi Hendrix.
Get your...
Show together.
If I could just get my show together.
If you can just get your show together.
Show together, man.
Come on.
Get me out of here.
I just want to get out of here.
Get my show together.
Get me out of here.
Get me out of here.
Get me out of here.
I'm trying to get out of here.
I don't want to get my drugs anymore.
I'm fine.
I'm fine.
So, uh,
8484425,
that was a short home movie of Bob.
You could be sitting there
listening to yourself talking on the screen.
It's crazy, man.
No, you're just sitting there
getting ready to push your own
special, individual
version of the dump button.
Yeah, but
not with Bo Derek.
Not with Bo Derek, no.
Because she's dead.
The humans are dead.
Did I not make that clear?
So now, this is this
X day. It's going to be
in New York on July
5th. Right.
And what will be taking
place on that date?
Mostly a lot of stuff that I probably
shouldn't talk about on the radio
because we don't need the extra attention.
But there will be quite a few
bands. This year
it seems to be mostly what you would call
Horror Billy
band.
We'll have the Naked Blood Wrestling
on a giant American
flag. That's kind of a tradition.
That's good. We've had some injuries
doing that, but we persevere.
We'll be doing live radio
all the way to the bitter end
or whatever happens.
Remember, we go out to this
campground every year waiting for the
world to end. It's just under the
expectation that maybe this year will
be 1998.
It's just like the Great Pumpkin.
Our guru Bob predicted that the world
would end July 5th, 1998
at 7 in the morning.
One of these years is bound to be
the real 1998. It will. And when that
happens, you guys are going to get such
awesome press out of it.
You know?
Mary Hart from Entertainment
Tonight. Everyone's going to want to
interview you because Gloria Compost,
Gloria Compost,
Olivia Newton-John.
Man, I can't. You know, I'm
jealous, Jack, because I was looking
at your website and there were pictures
of you with Charo,
Sean Young, the
dueling bankheads.
I had no idea.
You've definitely
explored the subterranean
tunnels, haven't you? Yes, I've been in
an aging TV gas bag
for some time now.
For about
two years.
Ten years. And I used to host a show
with Sandra Bernhardt and
she, you know, she is
Jewish.
Of the Jewish faith.
No way. And
I tried to convert her
every day of my life. I tried
to convert that woman, telling her,
you know, you killed the Jesus dude
and you're going to go to hell.
But she
is still just as catty
as she ever was. That's the way
she is.
You tried to convert her, too.
I didn't really know. That was the problem.
I didn't have anything
specific. I was just
trying to convert her away
from the Jew
business. What I really miss about Sandra
is Really Bad Cinema.
Really Bad Cinema. You've never seen that show?
No. She used to host a show called
Really Bad Cinema.
She would make these running
goofy commentaries about all these
50s and early 60s vintage exploitation
films. And it was flawed.
It was absolutely... I mean, you would go out and rent
these ridiculously awful movies just because
just because Sandra Bernhardt...
Well, I will tell you this about Sandra Bernhardt.
She has the prettiest girlfriend in the
world. Beautiful. Beautiful.
Beautiful.
The type of species with which we've been
experimenting is not satisfactory.
Size,
strength, the will to live. Essential
in what we're trying to accomplish here.
Lacking in these animals.
We have at hand the very elements that could
make possible the things we're trying to do.
I don't understand.
It's been proved beyond doubt
that glands can transform
physical matter into any size, shape, or
appearance. Yes, that's true.
We have here in this sanitarium
a rare case of follicular cyst
which induces the secretion
of unusual amounts of the sex hormones.
Miss Coleman?
Yes.
If we've been
able to create through the medium of glandular
extraction such specimens as we have,
what's to prevent us transfusing
these glandular extractions
from a human being
into a higher type of animal?
The authorities.
They wouldn't permit it.
I see you're not truly a scientist
at heart, Miss Strand.
Nor a
subgenius. And Miss
Strand will pay for that
flaw. John Carradine
will transplant her brain into the
gorilla woman body of captive
wild woman.
1943. The movie once that
clip was ripped.
One of the lesser
universal monster movies.
But because of that, now
all the more bulldada
looking. And the female
star who played the egg woman,
Aquanetta. Oh my god.
Enough said.
Anyway.
We have also heard
clips from When Worlds Collide,
the old movie, and from
the puzzling evidence show of
which more is coming.
But first, back to the
British podcast of right where
you are sitting now.
So how long does an average X-Day last for?
Usually about a little less than a week.
We'll start arriving at
the campground on Tuesday or Wednesday
and depending on when
the 5th of July
lands, we usually end up going
home dejected and
sad
and sick on Sunday.
But
it's well worth it.
Just because you get
to meet the other subgeniuses.
You know, in any
given neighborhood, there may be plenty
of other subgeniuses scattered around,
but you don't know them. You don't know who they are.
You can't tell them by
how they look. They could be any age,
any type of person.
And the smart
ones don't wear subgenius
t-shirts all the time.
Because that can affect your
income.
So we
but so X-Day is the chance for all
of us to get together and
essentially it's a migratory
mating ground.
And the mating really does happen.
In the old days, we
were accused of it being
what you might call a sausage
fest.
All boys group
of geeks. And it was in the
early years, but we started lying
and saying there were a lot of
horny girls around.
And build it and they will come.
Pretty soon,
there were lots of horny
nerd girls around to
meet the nerd boys.
And now there's little nerd children.
You know, we've been doing this for so long.
There's a second generation.
Children
who were raised in the church of the
subgenius, most of whom have not
been taken away from their parents yet.
And even the one
that did get taken away from him,
his parents is now back with his parents.
Yeah, is that Rachel?
Rachel Bevilacqua or Reverend
Magdalene, as we call her and my
former business partner, Jesus.
They met it at X Day Drill in
1997. They were married there in 1998.
Then the child custody case took
them away from us for a long time.
How is that?
They did win the case and they got
that they got the kid back or they
didn't exactly.
Win it. But they have had the kid for a
while now and it's unlikely that the
biological father will be able to get the
kid back because he's even worse than we
are.
You say that they run about the the
mating ground of the subgenius. What
would the mating call of the subgenius
sound like?
It sounds well, it sounds like this.
I find myself strangely around and I'm
not even a subgenius.
Well, it's not for amateurs.
You can hurt yourself making that noise.
And now I did this inside of a house
with the windows closed so that
neighbors wouldn't come flocking to me.
Just imagine them bouncing off the
windows like birds now.
It's mostly bats right now bouncing off the windows.
They also respond.
Here on the show, this is the color of
the sun.
Meditation.
Oh, well, is that a soothing purple?
Mm-hmm.
So you can hear the sound of purple in the
background.
Well, I'll be jiggered.
Into outer space.
At X Day, yeah.
At X Day.
Are you going to X Day this year?
I think so.
What about fuzzling? Are you going?
I think so.
Yeah, that'd be great.
Ride out on the train.
Train to X Day?
There's a train that goes all the way to Erie.
Didn't you say that?

And then you rent a car and drive 75 miles and you're there.
Wow.
Then you have to have a car, don't you?
But, I mean...
You have to rent a car in Erie.
Right by the train tracks.
You can rent a car.
They'd be so happy to rent you a car because there's no business and everything's sad in that part of the country.
But they don't know it's sad because they have a lowered...
Because of the toxic waste that's been in the area for so long, they have a lowered sense of expectation there.
Well, you know...
So they could... They...
Well, you know... They...
They're sad and austere to us is actually quite cheery and bright to them.
They lead very rich lives in Pobucker Junction, actually, which we can't even imagine.
They understand the concept of blissful ignorance.
That's true.
It's folly to be wise.
Best seen in the winter when it's gray and...
And then you see the little eyes looking, staring out from...
At the shiny car.
From the cars and from the...
They know it's a visitor.
From the windows in the homes.
Visitors have money.
And, of course, they're surrounded by men who are...
And, of course, they're surrounded by men who are...
Hutterites, Hutterites, and photosynthetic algae.
But in the country, there are the Amish, and an homage to them is in the works.
Omelets are available at the store in that little two-bit tank town.
I forget the name of it.
What is it?
Oh, Sherman, New York.
I own...
Yeah, that two-bit...
Spit hole in the road.
That run down, beat up...
Car paper...
Big greasy spot.
Yeah, that bleeding piece of earth.
That smelly hole in the bucket of filth, we call...
That rhinestone in the rough.
Humanity.
Yeah, it's actually a lot of fun.
This last X Day, we had a special guest, Hal Robbins, also known as Dr. Hal, who is a...
Mm-hmm.
...entertainer.
...entertainer and a cartoonist from San Francisco.
We bring him in every year to prove that there's at least one subgenius left who is still intelligent.
And if you ever listen to my radio show, The Hour of Slack, or his radio show, the Puzzling Evidence show, or the Ask Dr. Hal show, you'll see what I mean.
Yeah, he just released a load of subgenius stuff, didn't he, for old videos and things.
He kind of knows everything.
He has a nightclub act called Ask Dr. Hal.
He also performs it at X Day, but he does it on a weekly basis in San Francisco, where he lives.
And you can ask that guy anything, and he will answer convincingly.
You should really have him on your show at some point.
Yeah, I think we might have to.
I'll give you his number later.
He definitely sounds interesting.
So tell us...
Sorry.
Go on.
So you're saying that the hardworking and super knowledgeable were disqualifying features of the Church of the Subgenius?
No, not necessarily at all.
Isn't he breaking all the rules?
When we talk about Slack and being a subgenius, that doesn't equate with laziness and stupidity.
It equates with freedom and happiness, which means for some of us, working hard at what we wanted to work at is Slack.
And I think that would be true of Dr. Hal.
And myself also.
Some subgeniuses get Slack from sitting around watching television all day, and others get Slack from doing things.
But only the things they wanted to do.
The conspiracy sets it up so that you have to do things you never would have imagined yourself doing just to keep a roof over your head.
Well, as subgeniuses, we object to being forced to do that.
That's about all we can do is object.
Because most of us still have to have jobs.
But the Church provides a certain amount of Slack in between.
I've noticed a lot of subgeniuses who have day jobs log onto the internet during the day and check out alt.slack, which is our news group, when they're being paid to be doing something else.
And that's the greatest Slack.
Stolen Slack.
The whole black market for it.
Hi, Gareth.
This message is for Reverend Ivan Hsing.
This is Monica over at Flash News.
Sorry I missed your call earlier.
I'm interested in writing up a short story about the subgeniuses Armageddon coming up in July.
If you could please give me a call back soon as possible.
I'd really appreciate it.
Thank you. Bye.
Hello, this is Nipa Nardin.
Great way to second this message.
That, you know, you and me, those of us who are like...
...so-called subgeniuses, and I have our names on the list.
You know, see, it's the end times.
It's possible that some so-called subgeniuses are going to be left behind.
If you didn't have a dream that an alien invasion is coming and that you're going to be taken away from it, you might be, as a subgenius, left behind here with the rest of the pinks to deal with the conspiracy.
But I had a dream that I'll be taken and that an alien invasion is going to take place.
So if you are a subgenius...
...and you haven't had a dream...
...and think that it's the end times, that an alien invasion is going to take place and that you're going to be taken out of here...
...then you might be left behind as a subgenius along with the pinks and the pinks...
Alright, well, tell us what you get for your $30 ordination fee.
Well, the main thing you get is the right to board the escape vessels of the sex goddesses from Planet X and live forever.
Right.
Or as long as you want to live.
Doing it.
Doing anything you want.
Yeah, see that $30 shows up on the bar.
But in more practical, immediate terms, you get a nice folder with an all-inclusive, frameable excuse doctorate that excuses all sins.
You get a doctorate of the forbidden sciences, which includes many perversions and things that you've been appointed an expert in.
And just a million little posters and gigas and all the goofy crap you would get with any fan club.
You know, bumper stickers, pins, secret decoder ring.
Oh, now there you go.
Secret decoder ring.
You hit it right there.
It's the starter kit.
Do you get a priest coat?
After that, we get you hooked on the radio shows and the books and the comics.
Do you get a collar to wear on your shirt?
A collar to wear on your shirt, like a priest thing?
A priest coat, yeah.
Some do that. We don't supply that ourselves. We suggest you go to your local Catholic supply house.
Those are fun to inspect.
Catholic supply houses? Yeah.
Well, they're fun, like biological teaching supply houses. They sell weird stuff that you don't see at Walmart.
Ladies and gentlemen, the coordinates to this is 104.56, the exact longitude of the Roswell Crysat, and 33.28 multiplied by pi results in that one.

Longitude.
Somebody knew, the ancients knew this, and 19.47 times 3.38 equals 6480.
Between July 1947, listen to this now, between July 1947 and March 2012, there are exactly 64.80 years.
19.47 times 3.38 is exactly 64.80 years.
Exactly 64.80, and that's the exact date that takes you from July 1947 to March 2012 are 64.80 years.
This is not a coincidence, ladies and gentlemen.
This is significant that the United States recovered the debris and alien bodies of the Roswell crash on the 4th of July.
Oh, now, wait a minute. The 4th of July?
The very day that we're celebrating our liberty?
And they sent a message that we are still enslaved to them?
That these mighty ones, these fallen ones?
They sent it on the 4th of July, 1947.
America itself was founded on the same date in 1776.
This year was chosen by the elite behind the formation of America for a special reason.
This reason being that 888,
888 is the sum of the letters in Greek of the name of the Messiah.
Each Greek letter represents a number.
A second Messiah, 888, plus the first Messiah, 888, equals 1776, America's founding date.
1776 is a number representing a second Messiah or the King of the New World Order,
and it symbolizes the event of a God-man on Earth.
According to the Illuminati elite, as the first Messiah came to establish the Kingdom of Heaven,
the second Illuminati Messiah will establish a New World Order upon the Earth.
And that New World Order is this radio show, the Hour of Slack, voice of the Church of the subgenius.
Subgenius.com
The word subgenius does not have an O in it, by the way.
Friends, that clip just earlier was found by Mr. Fernand and Andy Lemur,
but that's all I know about it, therefore it must be something sacred, something holy.
Yes.
Coming up, we also have such weird show mixes,
as puzzling evidence as a guest,
on Reverend Susie the Flusie's Bob's Slacktime Funhouse Show on WREK Atlanta.
Imagine that.
And more from our frequent caller, Bernard,
as well as a poem by Ninslow, read by Dr. Howell of AskDrHowell.com.
But now, let us return to Reverend Ken, and Kim,
from right where you are sitting now.
Can you tell us about some of the regular activities that happen the next day?
Are they things that happen year by year, or is it just spontaneous?
Yeah, every year we have a Bobtism in the pool.
This campground is pretty developed. It has a really nice indoor swimming pool.
And we...
Usually myself and some other preacher, Dr. Howell or Dr. Legume,
will get in the pool with all these mostly naked people,
and dunk their heads under, baptize them against the conspiracy,
in the name of Bob.
I try to come up with a different little spiel for each one.
And we will go through 40 or 50 people in about half an hour.
It's a very...
It's an assembly line type of holy ritual.
And it's also unfilmable, because as I say, it's got a lot of naked individuals.
You don't have to be, but a lot of them choose to, just because they can.
That sounds eminently filmable.
It was. For years we did do that.
And if you look at our website, subgenius.com,
the photos of past X days, up to about 2000,
about 2005,
you'll see a lot of nudity.
After that, we discovered that the appearance of the nude photographs on the internet
was cutting down on the number of ladies who would jump into the pool.
So, since then we banned cameras from certain events.
Another thing we do, besides the baptism and the 7am thing,
is we will have beer tasting parties.
Mm-hmm.
Which can last quite a long time.
We had a gang war last time, which...
None of the subgeniuses can form gangs.
Each individual is a separate gang.
So it ended up being just a bunch of kids using toy store weapons on each other
until they got tired of it and decided to raid the beer tasting party.
So it's...
To some extent, it's a bunch of grown-ups doing childish stuff,
and looking for some hot action.
In a situation where they're likely to both get hurt and get laid.
And sometimes at the very same time.
Isn't there like a Wicker Man-style burning of Bob as well?
We have an effigy of Bob that is usually hanging by the neck from one of the rafters
where we do most of the preaching.
And where the bands play.
There's a lot of rock bands at X Day.
There's a bonfire event at midnight on Saturday
where we burn a wooden symbol of Bob.
It's kind of a logo icon thing we developed.
Because it's easier to make than a face of Bob.
It's kind of a stripped down pic-toe.
And we burn that and drum and dance around like the pagans do.
The pagans are a lot better at the drum.
I'll grant them that.
Probably less drunk, I would have thought.
And we have to depend on the pagans to start the fire for us.
We still haven't mastered the secret of fire.
You know, Mrs. Reverend Angry Larry finally picked herself a church name.
Reverend Lucy Van Pelt.
She was so nice this past year at X Day.
She took that naked girl out of my hands.
I could not get rid of that naked girl.
I could not get rid of her.
A lot of us have that problem in life.
That girl wrote to me and asked me to take the pictures of her being a drunken naked girl down off the internet.
And I didn't do anything at all.
Woohoo!
I mean, she'd have to send another picture to show which one she is.
Well, you know, the thing is, there was already somebody up on stage with a rehearsed, a naked person on stage singing.
A professional naked person.
A professional singing naked person, Fat Mandy, doing her act.
And then this amateur naked person comes up and starts, you know, slurring and drooling and stumbling around and flirting with the cameras.
I mean, she would, she was playing to the cameras.
And for her to then say, would you please not put my picture anywhere since I made you, since I got into all of your pictures against your will.
Right, she walked in front of them.
It's like, no, we're going to fine you by letting your boss find those on the internet.
What it really comes down to though is that Lucy, Reverend Lucy Van Pelt, I could not get rid of naked chick.
And I went to her and I said, does this belong to you?
Because a lot of times things that get on the stage that don't belong there do somehow indirectly belong to them.
And I said, does this belong to you?
And she said, who is it?
And I turned it around because it was, it was on kind of on my shoulder-ish.
And naked girl's on my shoulder.
She's looking, you know, at, at the butt.
And then she says, turn it around.
We turned around and she goes, nope, that doesn't belong to me.
I said, will you take it anyway?
And she said, sure.
That's what they all say.
Sure.
I'm just saying.
Will you take it anyway?
I mean, how many times have you heard that?
Well, it's not, it wasn't my naked girl.
It's everybody's naked girl.
Officer, it wasn't my naked girl, honest.
I don't know how she got in the car.

I hear that all the time.
I just wanted to.
Well, then we'll have to take her into custody, son.
It's our naked girl now.
And that would have been funny.
It's just not my naked girl.
You know, I think my naked girl's a special, special, not special.
Not my naked girl sounds like a TV show.
Especial.
Michael J. Fox makes his dramatic comeback in Not My Naked Girl.
There's some really, really tasteless jokes.
I'm not going to go there.
However, I did make the suggestion to the rest of you.
Hey, watch those horns.
Nope.
Okay, we're reloading now.
Lock and load, kids.
Fire in the hole.
And they sure do, with the eagerness of the new year.
Just a couple of hours into July 1st.
Well, like I say, where I'm from, July, July.
I mean, January 1st hasn't even happened yet.
But I can cut that out.
I don't think.
How July hasn't happened?
How do you know it didn't happen?
I don't know.








I don't know.
You know, it will happen.
Just because somebody told you.
Just because you think you looked at the calendar last night.
Date in the newspaper.
Oh, yeah.
I believe everything in the paper.
Sure, you made a lot of plans.
How do you know it's going to happen?
How do you know it even came true?
How do you know even X day is going to happen?
Well, that's one thing you can depend on.
Uh-huh.
And Y day, and Z day.
They'll all happen and you'll be there.
And you'll wonder, why didn't I send that money in?
Oh, there we go.
Took care of that guy.
Yeah.
And we're just cruising down Central Avenue, taking care of the storefront.
We're going to go out to Little 500 Point and relax.
Because it's New Year.
Oh, yes.
Another day, another chance.
Another drink.
Another bout of self-delusion.
Don't you just love it?
What?
Girl, I've been at like a hot dog in the fire.
Oh, yeah.
Just let them pour that mustard all over you.
I understand.
Down here at the station, they're drinking the hair oil.
It's really hit the bottom now.
Wow.
It keeps our coats glossy.
Yeah, it does.
How do you crawl out of that skin anyway?
It's got like a big tube top.
Oh, yeah.
See, Susie the floozy's skins are over there on the other side of the station.
There's only a third of them.
I saved the skins I shed.
That's right.
It's disgusting.
I can't even look at it.





I can't even look at it.


I don't want to look over there, but they have a light on it here.
So you have to watch.
Wow.
No one, everybody thought the Cheeto was the name of the woman.
No.
What is the monkey name, Jane?
A thousand people tried to answer that one.
Look at him.
Hey, happy New Year.
You too.
Yeah.
We're off the balcony here, waving to the crowds outside WRUK Atlanta.
This has been Simulacrum.








KPFA Berkeley, KPFA and KFCF in the wonderful Valley Mountain and Snow-capped Hills of Fresno.
And KRAP in the Tri-City area.
And KNON in Dallas.
The cities where they try anything.
WFMU in New Jersey.
Mmm, praise, WFMU.
I believe the first station to play some of these foreign tones.
In the contiguous U.S.
Yeah, yeah, we must continue with what we're doing here.
It's a show.
Slogging, trudging through the trees.
I could call and I could hold the handset up to the microphone.
You could be on the air.
I don't even know what the number is down here.
8-9-4-2-4-6-8.
The problem is they're so slack-full they're just lying on the couch.
And they can't get up and they can't get over to the floor.
Because you're in California, you can.
But they lie.
And they love everybody.
Oh, it feels so good.
And you can't call the WRAP number.
You can just call 8-4-8-4-5.
The year, you mean?
Yep.
It never stops.
Well, last year stopped a little while ago.
Oh, that's what they'll have you think.
It's stopping right now in Missouri.
And it will stop in just a few moments in Texas.
And like I said, it's so sad.
In California, they have hours to go before it stops.
So where is the New Year starting exactly?
I don't get it.
Greenwich Mean Time?
How does time work?
Greenwich Mean is a snake town.
Starting up the building and we're driving down the street again.
Radio bikers.
Now we have to go get our little radio tattoos.
Hours of show?
Christina's got her needle all set to go.
Wait.
Hello, this is Lisa Norris.
And I just want to say, you know, as a comment, you know, that I'm a, I, I, that I know that
I'm a weird, strange mutant and that weird things happen around me and they're happening
around me now that the UFOs are turning in the skies.
And I just want to say, I think that it's the end time.
You know, that as a subgenius, you know, we, we know that the church of the subgenius is
a UFO church, a UFO cult or church, whatever you want to call it, or UFO religion.
And that if you haven't had a dream or two dreams that you, that this alien invasion
is going to take place by now and that you're going to be taken away from it, that you, that
you're going to be taken away from it as a subgenius may be left behind with the pink
to deal with the pink conspiracy.
Now here's a poem by young Reverend Nenslow, age seven, from Portland, Oregon.
You might want to read it or it's kind of long.
You might want to read some of it.
Good God.
It's a Nenslow poem of endless verses.
Well, it's, it's a next day poem though.
I'm filled with anticipation as I'm about to reach the end of the world.
I'm filled with anticipation as I'm about to reach the end of the world.
I'm filled with anticipation as I wait to go away.
I'm going home to planet X for it's X day today.
My life is put on hold as I throw away my past.
I can't go on with my life.
I give in to my fears at last.
I never tried to chase a rainbow or tried to live a dream.
I made very few mistakes.
My heart was right, it seemed.
Never wanted to be somebody.
Just a soul just passing by.
I had no grandiose vision.
Was not aiming for the sky.
But Bob had other plans for me.
He yanked my feet up off the ground.
He said, if you want to serve me, then take a look around.
You see, there are many people in this stupid world, you know.
And it's up to you to tell them exactly where to go.
So you made a few mistakes, as oh so many do.
But if you can send me thirty bucks, I can still use you.
Exalt yourself and tell them of the mistakes that they have made.
Then tell them of my smiling face and the price that you have paid.
I will sell you purpose, provision, and a name.
Your life will be confusing.
It will never be the same.
I have never been right here with you.
Even when life was hard.
I knew you couldn't make it.
I knew it from the start.
So keep on calling my name whenever you need a hand.
And your dollars you must send to me as countless as the sand.
I always will forsake you.
I will always leave you cold.
Especially when you make mistakes and are growing very old.
Now take my words and tell them.
And tell your friends of the message that I gave.
And be my witness to the world.
And dig your fucking grave.
Reverend Nenslow, age six.
Yes, that young man shows great promise in the poetic department.
And you know his poos make better dobs heads than the ones that Little Vreede's paints.
I know, it really drives him insane too.
It actually did, isn't it.
Hey you there I'm a big shot.
Your heart's broken into two pieces.


Oh my god.


Oh you talk too much.
Oh, just great dot.


You ok?
I'm alright.
Uh-okay.
There's gotta be a way of killing it.
How do we do it?
You can't.
You still don't understand what you're dealing with, do you?
The subgenius power of slasher.
Its structural perfection is matched only by its hostility.
You admire it.
I admire its purity.
By conscience, remorse, or delusions of morality.
I can't lie to you about your chances.
But you have my sympathy.
You have my sympathy.
