You've got something in this room.
Something strange.
Magnetic.
Something behind the amplifier.
The South China Sea.
The South China Sea.
He's probably groggy from lack of sleep.
All right, you f***.
You're forgetting this is the end of the world.
It's time to start acting like it.
It's happening right now.
If you're masturbating, wrap it up.
Make it a good one.
It's the last masturbation you'll ever have.
I actively don't plan anything for After X Day.
I've been doing it since 96.
And it's like, yeah, if there's any chance,
I'm not going to screw it up by not buying into this.
Okay, folks, it's almost quarter of seven in the morning,
July 5th, 1998.
Friends?
It's not about when we get everything we want.
What it's really about, like every other religion,
it's about when the non-believers get what they deserve.
No, seriously now, and I do mean seriously,
you're going to get whatever you want.
The important thing is to really know what you want.
If your imagination is so limited
that all you're going to do is just do what you want,
all you can think of is a better version
of your crappy apartment,
that's exactly what you'll get.
And it won't seem that different after 7 a.m.
Bob is teaching me things about disappointment,
except the disappointment in Bob
is sweeter than the disappointment in life.
Ten seconds.
Life's disappointments are brutal.
Bob's are part of a joke
that once you finally get over the buzzword,
you start laughing at it.
Two, one.
And I can't take a chance.
I can't take a chance.
I can't take a chance.
For 30 years, almost none of us ever broke character.
It threatens sometimes that the character might take over.
Once again, we find ourselves in that age-old traditional situation.
7 a.m. or something like that,
something like that.
Something like July 5th, something like 1998,
something like the planet Earth.
We don't have any idea where or when we are,
and that is the point of the whole thing.
X day could happen any second.
It may not happen this year.
There have been times when we were so good
at keeping a straight face
that we could have had another Scientology.
We love fooling people,
but we don't want to fool anybody that way.
So somebody should have a greater fix.
He can save us.
Oh, he did no good until he did the есть.
They are all terrible.


I每есь
I would like to be that person
that you said Chester was better at.
their minds and yes, sabotaging their future.
Regardless of what you're looking for.
In the early 80s, we were outliers.
We were outside the norm.
People who had grown up in the 50s were just trying to come out of all of the weird stuff
that had been heaped on us.
Once a person is perverted, it is practically impossible for that person to adjust to normal attitudes.
The 60s were still echoing, but it turned into the 80s and that whole spirit got flipped
on its head.
You are being deceived.
You're being brainwashed every day by the devil.
Everything's getting too square again.
The normalcy was oppressive to me.
I grew up in a cultural vacuum, a small conservative Illinois town.
I kind of prided myself on being the outsider in high school, you know, the guy that's so weird,
no one would talk to him.
There is a conspiracy of unimaginable proportions
working solely on the mind.
I'm here to rob you of your very abnormality.
And I'm here to tell you tonight.
The conspiracy is them.
They're the ones that want to hold us down.
They're the ones in control.
People are always told how to talk, how to walk.
It was the war of the weirdos against the straights.
To enjoy the feeling of being with the in crowd is so seductive.
Marion was rejected today.
If she felt accepted, the whole pattern of her life would be different.
We were grasping for this crazy religion to help us see the light.
It's the church of the subgenius.
Their prophet's name is Bob.
Bob Dobbs came to town to sit free.
It was just this outpouring of expressing ourselves and how wrong we thought the direction of society was.
I thought it was hilarious.
We're probably the only cult that admits that we're ripping them off every day and teaching them to enjoy it.
There must be discipline.
It's wrong.
It's sin.
You've seen them.
If Jim Jones could talk 900 people into killing themselves, we could talk 900 people into sending us a dollar.
There's only one guaranteed way you can have peace.
The world will end in 1998.
God's judgment is going to come.
Quit your job.
Slack off.
The idea of being able to get away from this
zoo of the world.
It's a dream.
For those who've abandoned hope,
we'll restore hope and we'll welcome them into a great national crusade to make America great again.
Great again.
Great again.
Great again.
Great again.
Great again.


Great again.
Great again.
Great again.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
You guessed it.
That's a clip from the beginning of the subgenius documentary by Sandy Boone.
Now showing on Amazon, YouTube, Apple TV, Fandango, Abel, YouTube.
A bunch of others.
All the details are on dobstown.org.
Don't you wish you could see it?
Meanwhile, here are a couple of new tracks from Reverend Negative from his album, Losing My Religion.
Reverend Negative and Friends.
So here I am with our friend, The Pink.
Hi, I'm The Pink.
Hi, Pink.
Pink boy.
What are you doing?
You bland normal.
Look at you.
Well, that may mean what you think.
Subgenius.
But I'm the Pink.











I'm a weirdo, too.
You're a what?
You're a weirdo, too?
But you like football and mainstream media.
The Great Gates of Dobstown.
Not unlike the Great Gates of Kiev.
But not with a piano.
That's right!
Bring out your head!
Bring out your head!
Bring out your head!

You roughback vultures. You guys are real hurts!
Ring out your head!
Welcome to Dobbshound where you, yes you are weird just like us!
Pony on down, or horse on down, or cow on down, or goat on down, or...
Bear on down, bear down, bear down, bear down to the cask after me!
Get yourself a cup of mutant tea, yes have a mutant tea!
Ring out your head, ring out your head!
Grab an ear in each hand and twist!
It's yours!
So you can...
You can do it!
You're allowed!
You're a very loud!
Ring it out, ring it out, ring it out, ring it out, ring it out!
Thanks to Reverend Negative!
More to come!
By the way, our background music is the Empire Jazz Orchestra.
Next up, a topical tune from a band that for broadcast radio purposes I must call Crib Pooper,
but the real name is Crib ****, a song called Covid Cove.
Somewhere nestled between what is now Madison and Wanakee, there existed a gathering site for the ancients.
A harmonious confluence of the natural and mystical realms,
its murky green waters are said to possess unimaginable healing powers.
Free from laws and sometimes clothing, folks from all walks of life make the pilgrimage to stew in the cleansing nectar of Covid Cove.
I pumped a fresh tank of premium, no ethanol, used my VooVoo's well for a gas funnel.
I'm fully Bluetooth connected, not infected, big mabel on the back, no doubt.
I'm a little bit of a
It's a God-given right to congregate, we're just passing the vape instead of passing the plate.
Gotta trim up the prop, protect the shaft, these sun-soaked days are my life raft.
Covid Cove, when the sun is up, they'll be coming in droves.
Covid Cove.
It's a God-tank party trove.
Covid Cove.
Let our bodies stew in this viral man grove.
Covid Cove.
It's a cocktail molotov.
Bikini top, she got her booty popped.
Got my Tommy Bahamas and my aqua socks.
Pullin' up with a Yeti full of white claws.
Hand in her mouth like I'm Santa.
I'm Santa Claus.
I slapped that body up against mine.
My body's warm but my temp is fine.
Some snowflakes telling me to wear a mask.
I'll take a Zen 9 to 5 and wipe my ass.
Life jacket types, Clorox wipes.
Bilge pump, jumper, watch the numbers spike.
Boat work is hard so I'm hardly working.
A real man needs a woman with a freshwater merkin.
Buy a merkin.
Covid Cove.
When the sun is up, they'll be coming in groups.
Covid Cove.
It's a God-tank party trove.
Covid Cove.
Let our bodies stew in this viral man grove.
Covid Cove.
It's a cocktail molotov.
I've been coming out here for 20 odd years.
Getting greased up, creased up, 12 pack of beer.
Poking the boys and I'm making my toys.
They never see it coming, yeah I had a metal oi.
Ahoy!
Pontoons, dooms, rhythm and booms.
Cyanobacterial, failed to bloom.
Flamacode, red duels.
Pop in a chewy.
Keep her straight through the buoys like Tony Shalhouky.
The sun's going down and we're slipping to the cuddy.
It's so dang hot my body's looking at me flirty.
Easy sweetheart grist, leading me.
Totally forgivable Covid-19 float.
Tillers in the mist, gonna go all summer.
Keep the shark in the pants unless you see a chummer.
When the ice in the Yeti starts a-watering down.
The sun starts setting on this little big town.
Cold and cold.
When the sun is up, they'll be coming in droves.
Cold and cold.
It's a half day pleasure trove.
Cold and cold.
I just saw Hannah Montana on a wet banana.
Cold and cold.
It's a cultural party trove.
Cold and cold.



Maisa Dolores
Don't rush me! Stop, stop!
Sister Chris asked me to come down here for an experiment.
She asked me to listen to the Church of the Subgenius cassette
on.
I don't know, she said something like she wanted a normal reaction.
Well, that didn't sound normal to me.
At least it all sounded like a church.
I mean, aren't churches supposed to be quiet and not really boring?
I mean, I could hardly understand what went on there.
I mean, was it meant to be funny or what?
I mean, come on, tell me, is it serious?
Like, you know, do you have to...
Are they telling you to stop listening to Top 40,
give up things like watching Dynasty or eating Haagen-Dazs
or maybe shopping at home from an Esprit catalog?
What? Huh?
What are you trying to say?
What is this note?
Listen, stupid, stop babbling or I'll ship you to Dallas with a sign saying
U.S. Grade-A conspiracy dupe across your forehead.
Hey, I don't know what that means, but I don't like your attitude, okay?
I mean, like, you asked me to come here and I mean...
Why did you even ask me? What?
I mean, you can do anything if you feel like it.
I mean, if you get caught up on it, okay?

Seriously, you got a job.
You know, how much did $300,000 just millimeters go to Dallas?
And theyesting the police here is just an insult to my gratitude.


Oh!
It's like, oh, this is the highest probably,
I get it.
You're going to get payback.
So you locked your ears?
So you locked your ears?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
album called Better Living Through Confirmation Bias.
Zier is spelled Z-I-R.
And now, back in time, a mere 35 years,
for Hour of Slack number 76,
with Dr. Philo Drummond, Doctors for Bob,
Pastor David Epley,
Pope Sternodocs, and Dr. Hal.
Only we know what we don't know,
and when we do know it, we shall find out later
just exactly what it was that we didn't know.
But, in the meantime,
we shall experiment further
and delve into the deeper recesses of the human mind
to find out exactly what causes this device not to function properly.
Could it be a malfunction of the foot gland?
Or the nose gland?
Yes, possibly you did not know
that the nose and the feet
are true glands of the human body.
And only after permanent foot and nose glandscaping
can you know how to make your feet smell and your nose run,
which would mean possibly that you were backwards
or built upside down.
But, you'll delve further into that
at the end of the broadcast
when we come back.
You and I cannot hear each other.
Oh, that was Dr. Philo Drummond.
And we can get into this too.
The psychoneurotic mastosurgery,
the techniques of which has been developed
by the many great doctors
who have come over to Dobbs
and from many of the other religious cults around the world.
Maybe the same as I had my frontal lobotomy.
And we've got Europeans and Lithuanians
and ice doctors,
and they've been doing this for a long time.
And the big doctors,
and the doctors of the trees,
and the tree-walking brain socket doctors.
We've got a new song about doctors.
And here, hypercletes,
here it is.
Doctors
for Bob.
Doctors for Bob
and everything real in my life.
Doctors and Bob and everything real in my life.
Oh, real in my life.
Damn pickup truck come out blue,
done run over my wife.
He's got the blues
cause they run over his wife.
Some of you gonna get mad at me.
Jesus ain't in the church.
Don't turn the radio on.
Keep the radio off.
Keep it on.
And I wouldn't infer that our secondary state
is Antichrist.
But I'm telling you that preparations are being made.
And that the very door of the day of the wrath of God
is at hand.
And that if you plan to get saved,
you'd better do it now.
There will be a day not in the too far distant future
in which Antichrist will be born.
And the mark of the beast will be revealed.
And the mark of the beast will be introduced.
And people will have a number in their hands and in their foreheads.
They'll be given a computerized number, if you please,
that will entitle them to do business in this world.
And without it, you can starve.
We have a lot to do in a very short time.
Boy, you are kidding.
And that's the way I've felt for quite a while.
Get ready to ease out of orbit.
Ah, you bet, honey.
That's what we're gonna try to do.
I have never flown a city before.
Well, many of you in this stadium have been deceived.
I think they'll pass the $10 bridge.
The original concept was that throughout history,
all great geniuses had somebody at their side
that was kind of steering them.
You know what I mean?
So you say that person is the subgenius.
That was the subgenius.
He was the guy that was really...
He was making sure the genius was used to his proper potential.
Right.
And I can prove for the right reason.
That's why the name is misleading, you know.
Now, I want you to hear a little of the service
where the Holy Spirit was using me
with the gift of discernment.
I was ministering in the Spirit.
God was showing me things about people I didn't know,
I'd never seen before,
but the Lord was talking to me.
God was talking and I was walking.
Listen to a little of this right now.
And you have come to the end of your rope.
Oh!
I don't know which way to turn.
Give me money!
It's starting to affect your nerves.
It's affecting my mind!
And sleepless nights.
It's affecting my mind.
I want to kill my husband.
Today we're gonna put this in the hand of God.
Kill my husband.
In the hand of God.
I want to kill him.
In the Bible in two different places,
a handful of meal brought a miracle.
I want you to hold that envelope open.
That's right.
Please save my life.
I'm gonna give you a handful.
Save my life!
I'm gonna pour it in this envelope.
Ha ha!
Now.
The future of your usefulness to us
brought to you in living simulbursts.
From the depths of the third to simple lives of the Church of the Subgenius.
1984 version.
Send soon for a list of those deities certified approved.
PO Box 14306 Dallas, Texas.
And in turn approved to some.
My six is thirty.
Please send me a message.
75214.
Which follow?
Our mail.
Your mail.
We're available now on supplementary forms through our offices in Dallas.
You may now place the money in the envelope.
Slag!
Slag!
Slag!
Slag!
Slag!

In some ways, the brain is less important to a subgenius than to a pink.
Being less intuitive, pinks need more brains than we do.
Their value system is based on intelligence rather than good sense,
which is related not so much to thinking as to the feelings of the heart and the foot.
As mentioned before, however foolish it may sound,
the subgenius foot doubles as a gland, and a very complex gland at that.
Don't you want to be treated the way you need to be treated?
It treats you the way you need to be treated by intuiting the world around you
so subtly that you rarely notice its machinations.
It was discovered by Dr. Philo Drummond,
and he best explained its functioning in this excerpt from his daily radio show,
On the Road, so named because it is usually recorded in a car.
Self-worth.
Or money.
To love people because they need it.
Or their money.
I believe it's something God puts in us.
Or what else does God put in us?
I wish he'd give us some money, huh?
Yeah.
I want the money.
Oh, we could truly know nothing only.
Reinforcing the powers of the brain and foot gland is a small secondary brain
at the base of the subgenius.
The subgenius spine, the mighty stegosaurus,
also possessed this organ, which made it tweet like a bird.
It helped it direct the reproductive and eliminative systems
that are so important to us.
Another gland unknown to normals is the peen gland in the brain,
which regulates the eight separate stages or character generations
through which the subgenius personality evolves during an average day.
Literally eight different personalities each have control
at the jessie helm of being.
The subgenius brain is the subgenius brain of the subgenius brain.


The actual average human has but four good, bad, bland and asleep,
the last thought by some scholars to overpower the others for up to 18 hours a day.
These different personalities account for the compartmentalization of the subgenius brain
into eight distinct units or efficiencies in the descending order of control.
First, the left brain, the peen gland.
The subgenius brain, which controls paranoia, anal compulsion,
overwork, trying too hard, thinking too much.
Then the north brain, the make brain or take brain.
It handles jobs and money.
The south brain, the fake brain or talk brain,
which covers the gray and limbic areas of speech, writing and lying.
Then the hind brain, the me brain, the pivotal center brain,
the private you rides piggyback on the lord
and is infected by drugs or religion.
Bob comes in on this channel.
Then the forebrain.
The sane brain, which covers love, friendship, traditional family values,
called by some the tame brain.
The inner brain or sex brain is self-explanatory.
Finally, the right brain or lame brain or more brain,
depending on your orientation, intuitive, art, music, drug addiction.
And the eighth brain, the outer brain, is a pseudo-physical shell,
encasing not only the other brain, but the brain itself.
Which means, the entire body.
This diffuse brain, larger but far less controllable
than the others, is the nenta life.
The nenta life represents fully half of our brain power.
But because it is so independent from us, we can rarely make use of it.
Occasionally, a subgenius comes along whose nenta life
is incorporated into his thinking processes.
Such less subgeniuses were Da Vinci,
Einstein and currently Howard for most of us however the net life is a separate entity a
semi-conscious ghost twin which mindlessly follows the physical vessel about but remains dormant
are we controlled by secret forces our alien space monsters bringing a startling new world
do people think you're strange do you then you may be on the right track unpredictables are not
alone and possess amazing hidden powers of their own
are you abnormal then you are probably better than most people yes your kind shall triumph
Oh
the church of the subgenius is the pan religion of the future and rebels against the namby-pamby
two shoes new age
yo

the
the
the
the
the
Such people are fools.
They do not curse.
They have no understanding of the need for spiritual violence in this modern space age of go-go society.
The subgenius wants no part of the new age.
It is already here, and it obviously sucks.
The subgenius would rather retrieve the manly past before 1971 or even 1953,
or else dwell in the naughty, fun-loving remote future.
Words by Subgenius Foundation, which means me and Philo in this case.
And now, from his swinging album, Sunshine Supers Hits,
the Rudy Schwartz Project covering a pink classic.
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music


Music
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music

Music
Music
It's a supernatural delight
Everybody was dancing in the moonlight
Everybody
The sardine can ask a passing race
If he had seen his journey
Sorry.
Steve has a special box in which he keeps the poisonous things he uses.
Bob was growing up too.
He knew about the reproductive organs
and,
he also knew about masturbation.
But he read that the problem was more mental than physical.
Unlock me some of them cream peas.
The Rudy Schwartz Project.
And now back to the subgenie.
In this subgenius documentary,
the clips in which Dr. Philodrumada and I take turns explaining ourselves.
Don't you wish you could see the crazy subgenius home environments
in which these interviews were filmed.
Subgenius Home Interviews

Subgenius Home Interviews
Subgenius Home Interviews
I grew up as a little white boy in America in the 1950s in a middle class home.
Subgenius Home Interviews

So I have nothing to complain about.
I feel like anybody who grew up in that situation has it better than most medieval kings.
Because we had aspirin and some people had air conditioning.
I'm one of those guys that was fortunate to have like an idyllic childhood.
My family was as normal as they could get.
I was forced to go to a fairly fundamental job.

I was forced to go to church for the first 18 years of my life.
So that probably had some effect on why I rebelled so strongly once I got away from my folks.
Subgenius Home Interviews
I can't say that I'm rebelling against my religious upbringing or anything like that because I didn't really have one.
I was raised basically secular humanist scientist.
This is Fort Worth, Texas. I was surrounded by Baptists.
Subgenius Home Interviews
I did feel like a weirdo.
Kids would go,
Uh, hey Dad, where'd you family go to church?
I didn't even know the name of a single church. I'd really be stuck.
I'd say things like,
Oh, they have the...
Subgenius Home Interviews
Subgenius Home Interviews
Subgenius Home Interviews
Subgenius Home Interviews
I was very much into comic books and any kind of alternate publications and music like Frank Zappa and Captain Beefheart.
Subgenius Home Interviews
And people that were not mainstream.
Subgenius Home Interviews
I did not feel like my classmates.
Subgenius Home Interviews
Despite my very fun childhood, I had terrible teenage years.
I had to hang around the theater department in order to meet girls.
That's how I met my first wife, in fact.
Subgenius Home Interviews
I was discouraged from participating in art.
Subgenius Home Interviews
It's not a place where you can make money. You need to get a real type job.
So I worked for AT&T and that's kind of like where my insight to the conspiracy took place.
Subgenius Home Interviews
My sister-in-law, she said, I have these friends, Philo and Cookie, that I met. You should meet them.
They've just moved to Dallas.
I said, I don't want to meet any friends. I don't need friends.
She said, no, you might like this guy.
He collects comic books and he likes Captain Beefheart.
I thought, what? Both comic books and Captain Beefheart?
Subgenius Home Interviews
We just became great friends.
He was the liberal. I was the conservative.
But we were both so disaffected with politics, we didn't believe any of it was true.
Subgenius Home Interviews
What we really had in common was collecting, well, what we might call kook books.
Or pamphlets. Or extremist literature of religious or political kinds.
You know, you'd go to a laundromat and there would be The Watchtower from Jehovah's Witnesses.
Or a comic book from Chick Publications, you know, This Is Your Life.
We loved the range of ridiculous things that human beings can convince themselves of.
If I went out and made my daily quota,
the first thing I'd do is go over and wake up Reverend Stang.
Say, let's get up, let's go do something, let's have some fun.
We were trolls before they had that term.
The internet hadn't been invented, but CB radios had.
And Philo, because he had a real job, had a CB radio.
But we didn't use it to help the world.
We used it to puzzle and confuse strangers.
We would get on and say things like,
Men of Earth, men of Earth,
we are speaking to you from 50 million light years away in space.
Come in, Pink Boy.
Well, there was these two guys that were doing it back to us.
They were trolling us and they were saying,
shut up, Pink Boy, shut up, Pink Boy.
And we interpreted that as, oh, the aliens are finally talking to us.
And that was what they had to say.
The next thing we knew, Pink Boys were everybody.
We didn't like bosses, rude waiters, nasty clerks in stores.
We were surrounded by dumbasses.
We knew that we were dumbasses too,
but we felt like it was a matter of degrees.
People that we didn't want to have anything to do with,
the pinks and the mediocritons, the techno-glorps.
Part of me was in terror of all of that.
But there was also the terrible stress of having to, you know,
make the living and not lose your soul.
Whoa!
Well, if you want to get, if you want to be damned by Bob.
I'll give you 5.
And 25 points after the video of me with today.
That was it for this episode of Bob and the
And thanks to backings,
all the more
and
more
among social circles for his perceptiveness, nor his self-perceived talent.
Indeed, it is told that his dramatic performance prematurely brought the curtain down, and
in truth his shrill, unmanly voice had offended countless stately patron barons.
"'What is this?' he says, eyes scanning the script back and forth.
"'I cannot read this.
What language is this?
And see here!'
He holds the book out at arm's length, fingers his chin with the other hand, and cocks his
eyebrow up in dramatic pause.
"'I die?
Bill!
Let's die!'

Talk.
You don't kill the hero.
It's just not done.
I'm the star.
Granted, I did not sign on to do a sequel because of my typecasting fears, but this
is no way to present my glorious exit.
Too bad!
Action!
Clumsy, Juliet enters the stage.
She is in a rush.



He is Danish, Young, and Cast душ Chad.
He, at least, would find the marvellous British boy a perfect match to share the

So, before the 상 It's too close.






it up and any audience member in the cheap nosebleed seats would trip over it with their
eyeballs.
Juliet was awkward to a fault and in fact needed her long dress trimmed else she would
trip and fall again as her replacement front teeth would attest to.
She was also in turn quite rude and obnoxious.
Come on with your line already there she says in the echoing silent theater.
That's Romeo to you chiclet he proclaims and pushes her back onto her stage mark under
the low bar.
Budget spotlight.
Here for art I dammit he declares and produces a knife from his custom Harley Davidson quick
release special mail order only belt.
He plunges the knife over and over into Juliet's flailing body holding her by the hair letting
her drop when he is exhausted.
Romeo stands panting in the spotlight going dim as the batteries grew weak.
See?
He shrieks.
I don't have to die I can take the bitch out instead.
We can get a new one for every performance.
She can even use her own name if she's too stupid to remember the characters name.
Romeo turns.
He's not the only one.



He's a good friend.
Romeo comes at the sound of Juliet groaning.
F**k you thumb d**k.
Juliet gasps.
Romeo looks at the knife in his hand.
There is no blood.
It was a stage prop rubber knife from Archie McPhee sellers of more fun and bizarre items
than you will ever need in your lifetime.
I'm not going to lie.

I'm going to take you to the hospital.
Juliet is rushed to the hospital and Romeo is whisked off to the police station for questioning.
Romeo sits in the chair at the interrogation desk twiddling his idiot thumbs and occasionally
rattles the handcuffs because he likes the sound and refuses to talk.
Juliet is in the hospital.


She turns and she says that he is erase me.
How sweet it is, that Czymmer got a better degree than my denial period says that.
Movie
Romeo snacks on nets between his scheduled meals and awaits his next,
Hey Romeo, how you doing?
boning.
One day, two strangers arrive to visit the now bold-legged Romeo.
Through the thick, scratched, bulletproof glass, they introduce themselves.
I'm Quentin Tantino and this is Martin Scorsese.
We'd like you to star in our new western movie.
Yes, that was of course the inexplicable,
Sheridan of Cleveland.
What a character.
And now this.
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music


Music



Music Music Union
USA
TV
Magazine
對不對
TV
TV
TV
TV
TV
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The Psychoskeletons did that song called A1 Hospital Food.
And now this.
Anyway, I had to cut in because the Will of Dobbs just got a call from someone who said that they had called the Cult Awareness group.
There's a group here in Dallas called Cult Awareness.
And had called them up just to see what they would say about the Church of the Subgenius.
And the funny thing is that when they first opened, I called them up and said,
Yeah, I'm kind of concerned about these insane cults myself.
And I thought I'd send you some varmints.
And so you could refer people to us.
And apparently they didn't like the material I sent.
I'd never heard from them since then.
But they're now telling people, whatever you do, stay away from those guys.
That's subgenius.
Man, that's the worst.
And especially what?
Keep your kids away from them?
Especially keep your kids away from the Church of the Subgenius.
Because of the sexually explicit material.
Now see, y'all that only listen to the radio show.
You know.
You don't know what you're missing.
And who don't order the tapes.
But I can't advertise that stuff.
And all you can really do is write for information.
From P.O. Box 807.
Glen Rose, Texas.
76043.
For more information about Church of the Subgenius.
And for that sexually explicit material.
Which you don't get for free, by the way.
Not like.
I mean you get this radio show for free.
And get our information for free.
And it's not very sexually explicit.
But like I say.
You.
Those of you who've been putting off.
Writing to P.O. Box 807.
Glen Rose, Texas.
76043.
Fine.
I don't care.
Honestly, I really don't.
I always end up getting the last laugh, dear friends.
I have total confidence.
That that will continue to be true.
So, you know.
I can't tell you.
What the deal is.
With the money.
But.
Gotta get some money.
That dirty.
Turkish.
Hark.
Black.
Morton.
Phillip.
Martin.
Perkaluma.
Who gets his money?
I'm a thousand brown man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm still the forgive.
They, uh.
I heard here and you.
Good.
Good job.
That way says.
The last little.
Word to me.
God.
Hmm.
Nothing way.
You Mm-hmm.

right here.
We got
great big heaping
but it's a
boldly
unhear.
Cause Bob
Tom brought us
here.
Yeah,
we're singing
a praise to Bob
cause he
done a mighty
fine job.
Cause I'm
slopped up and silly
like a ripped
headed slob
and all I got
to thank is Bob
and Ivan Stang.
Well, all I got to
thank is Bob
and Dr. Do
and all
I got to thank is Bob.
All I got to thank is Bob
and everybody.
You can trust me.
I'm Dr. Ivan Stang.
And I'm prepared to take your money
and give you back your slob.
So you can believe in me.
I'm Ivan Stang. I never lie
and I'm always right.
It extends throughout the rules
and has to do with
the universe of us.
It has to do with glass madness.
It has to do with
nothing else.
It has to do with Gilligan's Island.
It has to do with
Triple A Ars.
It has to do with
Gary Eklund.
It has to do with the tip of the luck plane.
It has to do with
the ball that passes over to the main.
It has to do with
I hate that old conspiracy
as much as it hates me.
But me and Bob will get them
just here waiting to see
for as long as they run
things they have turned them into
Bob.
The time has come to get them back.
Here's how I look at it.
Now Bob has come to fight them.
That's how we know we'll win.
And we know to serve them
is our only sin.
We won't have long to wait now.
The end is coming soon.
We'll march happy
toward the future
cause we did what we must do.
Underwater vacations
Bob will rule all the nations.
We'll be farming
the vegetation out on Mars.
Cause we killed them
and we ate them.
Said boy we sure did hate them.
And then we made the rounds
of all the bars.
Thank you Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger.
Great stuff.
So what are you guys
going to do at this revival meeting?
You're going to make fun of
religion stuff right?
We never make fun of religion.
You must understand we're making
money off religion
but not fun of religion.
No.
No.
No fun.
No fun.
This is no fun.
No fun.
We hope to erase the slack area
in this part of the country.
We are missionaries.
This is hard work.
It's brutal and gruesome work.
Let's move the position.
Uh, really now.
Are you guys in this cult business
just for the bucks or do you have...
Mr. Wilsey isn't it a fact really
that you've invented this whole thing
that you've thought up all these little gimmicks
and you're taking advantage of it?

You're taking advantage of a lot of
ignorant people by getting money out of them?
People who believe in you and your silly preachings?
No it isn't Joe.
The Illuminati will be unmasked
and the subgenius cult will have a lot to do with that.
Bob is going to see that the whole conspiracy,
the Illuminati, the trilaterals,
you name it, the guys that drive up and down the street
selling ice cream, all of that will be exposed.
That's what America needs.
They have their brains washed.
Clean out all that filth and all that garbage
and all that fear and all that sickness and perversion
and all that junk that comes from the pit of hell.
Radio announcer and many friends of the rail land
this is the old fashioned healing broadcast
coming direct from the auditorium here in Dallas.
This is a special night tonight.
This is oil night.
Would you love to have a heart like God?
Come out and be anointed with this miracle oil
that God has let me use for quite a few years now
and we're giving it out.
Come and join the hundreds of people.
Bring that bottle and get some of this miracle oil
that's absolutely raised the dead
and has performed some of the greatest miracles.
You name it.
It's performed every known miracle that's happening.
But look, it's, no, Hal, look out!
You clumsy fools!
What have you done?
The show, it's ruined!
Ruined!
Goodbye for all of us here.
This is Puzzle Inn and its loveliest wrecks, Reverend Hal
and Reverend Irv.
We tried.
Saying it's too late and we trumphed.
Goodbye folks!
I don't know how it works!
The whole thing's ridiculous.
Subgenius.com
