Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard our McDonnell Douglas DC-88 space liner for today's mission to Mars.
The captain has asked that you remain in your seats at all times.
And please, no smoking.
Attention, please. Folks, this is Third Officer Collins speaking.
I'm your tour guide today, and I'll be telling you about what's going on during the trip.
Right now, we're on final countdown, and you can watch our liftoff on the lower screen in your cabin.
I'll speak to you again after we're in space.
Mission control, this is Mars 295 ready for departure.
295, roger. Countdown is going.
Going up in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
We'll meet again at midnight.
Who else wants to come up here?
Who else wants to read off the phone?
We need a female voice for balance.
But we'll take a weak man, if that's all we can get.
I'll take a day man. We don't need a full week of him.
A sissy would be fine.
We'll take... Church has many sissies.
You can't just call people sissies.
There ain't a bunch of sissies.
I know the sissy once who was captured by the Cherokee.
They tortured him and tortured him.
He never screamed or cried.
He was a sissy.

Animal's a sissy.
No bad damn sissy.
Reverend Animal, I take it you've got over your head.
Oh, okay. I see.
You're good.
Yeah.
You're good.
Thank you.
Sibilance.
Sibilance.
That was the news.
Reverend Fox, I got you coming in at 10 or by 3-er.
Gonna need you to calibrate cylindromes.
Sibilance.
Sibilance.
Sibilance.
Sibilance.

Ah, sweaty headphones.
My favorite.
We're modulating frequencies now.
Deafness is contagious and carried by headphones.
Now you know.
Deafness, the silent killer.
Oh.
Ah.
Does everybody feel better?
Definitely.
That feels better. I feel better. How about you people?
I'm just happy that everyone was able to get here and be in such high spirits.
The highest.
That's it. Those are the sounds of X-Day.
I was concerned. I thought you were going to go somewhere with that.
I thought there was more to the story.
No, I actually thought somebody out in the audience might do one solo clap or just vomit onto the ground at least.
That has not happened. I have not seen that yet.
And I appreciate not slipping in people's vomit, but if it's that kind of vomit...
Well, this isn't a gravel floor. It's actually sand sorb.
So that's the entire campground.
For now it is.
Oh, and look, more Bulldada items.
Did you see?
I just wanted to know if this got added to the list.
This is straight from Texas.
Mystery tube full of bees.
Okay, so it's a mystery tube full of bees.
We don't know what's in the mystery tube.
Bees.
But you can learn the secrets.
There's a mystery on how they're going to fly out.
Or if they're still alive.
You can learn the secrets of the mystery tube of bees.
Schrodinger's bees.
A mosque-shaped alarm clock.
You will always know which way Mecca is if the big hand is on the...
For people that have to wake up five times a day, it's the mosque-shaped alarm clock.
In blue.
There are multiple color choices, but this will be the blue mosque-shaped alarm clock.
Mosque-shaped alarm clocks are not like Southern Baptist church-shaped alarm clocks.
Which just chastise you for 45 minutes until you get up.
The sense of the middle gear has the job of refreshing the slide shower.
Because the spank has left.
And the spank's on the plank now.
Whoa, slow down there.
With great knowledge comes great responsibility.
Or sitting in the middle chair.
I've become a big ol' cyberpunk technocrat.
I have middle chair syndrome.
He thinks he's all hot stuff.
You know, because he's got his smart phones.
He's connected to his smart web.
What the fuck?
Reverend Adie also brought the...
Unofficial presidential pencil sharpener.
The Bill Clinton model.
And there's a sticky note on top that says,
Don't take this to work!
Exclamation point.
Exclamation point.
So you have a Bill Clinton fleshlight available for purchase, ladies and gentlemen.
So if you, uh...
If you have a...
Dishwasher safe.
A pencil-shaped penis.
Which, uh, they're coming.
And yeah, look at them coming out there.
There's old Slick Willie.
That's a flashlight.
For a very, very small wiener.
Some, you know, you can grow an extra small wiener.
What do you have to say to him, Bill?
Imagine rubbing your two wieners together.
Your large wiener and your small wiener.
No, I disclosed last night that I could, um...
Use a paramecium for such endeavors.
That's true.
Due to my staggering lack of, uh...
You know, manlyhood.
I'm just going to have...
Sex with that woman.
That's great.
Oh, almost there.
Number two pencils only, people.
Number two penises.
Thank you, Reverend Stang, for that correction.
I guess that's why they call you Reverend Stang.
I hear there's a special shipment of magic pencils coming in when Pease arrives.
I'm told that I am due a pencil.
Spirit magic pencils.
I've got some pencils, but they're not for sharing.
I actually lost...
I have a solid graphite...
pencil.
There's no wood.
It's just, uh...
It's really great for doing all these wavy lines.
And, uh...
I've lost it.
I lost every...
I thought I would lose one thing of value,
and I lost the one pencil I...
I like chewing on the solid graphite pencils.
You know, you get the nice...
You get the ring around the teeth.
Shiny mouth syndrome.
Shiny mouth syndrome.
SMS.
In middle school, the D.A.R.E. officer gave us these pencils that said,
don't do drugs,
but by the time you sharpened it about halfway down,
you just had a pencil that said,
do drugs.
So we thought that was funny,
because we were immature...
Uggs.
...and classless...
I've got one that says Uggs.
You were in an American public school,
so, uh, yeah, you're just living up to expectations.
Tony the Tiger says,
prostitutes are great.
I can't do my Tony the Tiger voice anymore,
because I...
They're great in small doses.
I used to have a bevy of funny cartoon voices,
but smoking cigarettes and fromp and, uh,
dipping my head in fats of acid...
I think staying up till dawn ruins it for everyone.
Yeah, it was...
It was a long night,
and I think most of us are just now getting that...
that kick.
My mom says I could use my own voice and be myself,
because people should like me for who I am.
Yay!
Baby Fitz, my favorite.
That's what we need.
I just want to take him home and put him in our pockets.
We need a spin-off show called Little Subgeniuses.
Where we're all like the baby versions of ourselves.
Mini-sub!
And we'll...
We'll go on big adventures
with our imaginations.
Yay!
And I'm sure that will be entirely kid-friendly.
Speaking of Imaginariums,
we have a creative center over here
for the health and safety and, uh...
I thought we had a cream center.
We have one of those.
It's next to the cream center.
But, uh, if you're interested in protecting yourself
or collecting Argon Rays,
I know that's out there, too.
Yeah, just head right over there.

Head right over to the cream Abdul-Jabbar section.
Make yourself...
Uh, you can come to X-Day
and, uh, make yourself a protective device.
We have at least, uh, 60 feet left
of the heavy-duty aluminum foil
for your disposal.
Make sure you amplify your thoughts.
Sorry, I'm allergic to Xenon.
Then don't lick it.
It's delicious.
And the music's gone again.
Hat licker.
What's your favorite isotope of Xenon, you guys?
Let's say it at the same time.
Say it on the count of three.
Where is it coming back in?
I hear, like, wind chimes.
Hippie alarms.
There are definitely wind chimes.
There's wind in them chimes.
It's his Monster Hunter soundtrack.
When Stang's not busy running around
running the entire operation,
you can find him locked in the, uh,
tortoises with his Monster Hunter DS.
Gouda.
Havarti.
Them video games ain't gonna play.
They're gonna kill themselves, Reverend Fox.
We're missing out on a lot of prime video game playing time right now.
Speaking of which, we're going to have a golf tournament later.
We're just going to, uh, we're gonna have to have help erecting the screen.
Oh, they're not going to kill themselves.
Isn't there something about some chariot racing?
Stang is leading a genocidal rage against monsters.
Chariot racing at dawn.
But we're not talking about the chariot racing.
You're a monster Nazi.
You're a monster!
Monster!

Monster!
You're a monster monster hunter.
That's me.
Am I correct?
Uh...
We'll put it on soon.
Chariot race to the death.
Reverend Fox.
Exotic clown.
Best two out of three wins.
Are we doing the chariot racing at dawn again?
I believe so.
Okay.
We'll, uh...
If you've moved up in the bracket of the chariot races, uh...
You need to report at dawn.
At dawn.
Whee!
To the fire circle.
Wherever that fire may be.
The fire's in your belly.
Ugh!
You can use music to cover up your sneezes.
Finally, a use for music.
It's the subgenius hour of slack featuring those guys you don't know.
Come aboard.
I don't know you.
Who are you?
I'm just that guy.
Oh, wow.
That's...
It's so nice to meet you.
I've heard all about you.
Yeah, I came with Reverend Funny Name.
You work with, uh...
Those other...
What's his name?
The place, uh...
That asshole.
Over by the...
The...
The stuff shop.
Yeah.
With those...



Those things.
Yeah, I have two of those, and I lost one.
Maybe you know where it is.
Have you met this guy?
Hi, my name's Lil' Fid.
Lil' Fid and I actually go way back.
We, uh...
We went to the same, uh...
Uh...
Inner city, uh...
Middle school together, where, uh...
We had zany adventures on Saturday mornings, uh...
Usually involving, uh...
Learning moral lessons.
If these underoos could talk.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I'd be happy to.


I'd be happy to.





Thought I recognized you from an after school special.
Uh, that and usually bulletins that flash in between them.
That is on a milk carton, even.
Maybe once.
Maybe that was Lil' Fid.
My work has been featured on milk cartons.
You can't spell bulletin without spelling it.
Bull.
Bull-eaton.
Have you gotten your bull-eaton today?
Have you gotten your daily dose of Thorazine urine?
No.
Urethrally absorbed.
Mmm.
Thorazine.
Perfect opportunity.
Thorazine.
There we go.
Oh, animal.
Oh, now you broke it.
Oh, I am slacking up here.
I am slacking.
It's not a slideshow anymore.
It's just a disaster.
Oh, that was all me.
Fire the juggler.
Worst overlord ever.
Cool off the fire juggler.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
But with all this sunlight coming out, I think it's gonna dry up all that mud so we
can get a bunch of subgeniuses down in front of the stage tonight and, uh...
Yeah, we're gonna have dust wrestling now.
It's the best thing ever.



We're gonna have mud wrestling.
Yeah, and we'll just, uh...
Cancel the mud wrestling.
...cake them up.
But there's no schedule this year.
How's everybody gonna know when to do everything?
When will you know how to do the thing?
Well, some people think that when, uh, the thing starts, uh, you can...
It's gone completely sideways, dang.
...you can go over and see it.
It's gone completely sideways.
But if you miss it, uh, that's just your fault.
I went off and took a wee wee earlier by myself when it wasn't scheduled.
This isn't some sort of vacation.
You know, you can't just sit in one place for hours.
You can't just sit in one place for hours on end listening to people talk through microphones.
You need to go to the other places and listen to other people talk through microphones.
Try our new Google Hangouts stage.
Oh, and yeah, we'll have the SlackTube system running tonight, so, uh...
Yeah, over here on the Skype stage, we can only have so many people participate, but
over on the Google Hangouts stage, it's a really wide audience there.
You can all chime in on the side chat.
We're not gonna read it, of course.
And with the, with the hookups, we were going to do the, uh, the satellite sermons, so
people around the campground will be able to be heard live.

And, uh, we're gonna have a lot of people come in from the stage.
Oh, boy, we're gonna get so many likes.
Just think of all the likes we're gonna get, you guys.
All the shares.
I'm in it for the shares.
But none of those comments.
That's a little rich for my blood.
Touch the magic solar monkey.
It'll, it'll bless you.
It'll create, uh, diversion for the device that you're trying to control.
See, there you go.
Watch as Reverend Ivan Stang attempts to navigate the webiverse.
Coming through your door.

We'll see you live from Wisteria, watching everybody...
Back on track.
Back on track.
...using their computers and laptops and phones and tablets and mobile devices.
The Wi-Fi is just...
You know, I was, I, if anybody could bring a big screen television out Saturday afternoon,
that would be excellent.
And, and, and also if, uh, and maybe, uh, like an old console stereo, some reel-to-reel.
I, cause I like to stare at the, uh, the older devices.
Well, we'll, uh, we're looking to acquire some, uh, VHS players.
Uh, and we have...
I can play a mean VHS.
Yeah, we can string them up and, uh...
Play the hell out of one.
...you know, kind of like a wash, washtub bass.
I'm like the Jimi Hendrix of VHS players.
And now I'm seeing what is, what is known as pork orgy.
Is that pork?
The, the pork orgy.
That's, that's delightful.
Uh, Reverend Heathen has actually, uh...
Infinite pleasure.
...dismembered, uh, three or four, uh, infant long pigs.
And has, uh, provided...
...provided them in, uh, uh...
Post-molt long pigs.
...a delightful dish just braised with all of the, uh...
Smoked pig butt.
...it's the what?
Smoked pig butt.
Smoked pig butt.
He's showing his ass.
Smoked pig butt. Reverend Smoked Pig Butt is here.
I saw him earlier over on the, on the main stage during the, uh, during the impromptu noise session.
Now that wasn't on the schedule.
But the noise seemed, uh, to show up.
Oh, the, the extemporaneous noise session.
Wasn't scheduled again.
I know, right?
But it's okay.
You know, we can, we can make our own schedule.
I think we'll, we'll, we'll use the hundred minute system and we'll start tracking it.
And we'll, we'll sell everybody commemorative watches that they can tediously monitor the activities around the camp.
But they're not gonna be smart watches, are they?
I'm, I'm concerned about the intelligence that I outsourced to my wrist.
We could, we could, we could use that.
We could use those dumb watches.
I don't have a smart watch. I've got a dumb watch.
Yeah, they take out too many civilians, though.
Actually, we're gonna use a sophisticated series of pagers.
And we will actually page everybody.
And we'll use, uh, numerical codes to indicate where you need to be and what kind of activity is happening.
I already have my pager inserted.
Cosmac, Dr., uh, Cosmac brought his pager.
But it's, uh, it's kind of a reverse pager. It lets everybody else hear your beeps.
But we were able to send out those, uh, those lovely, uh, saucer tones last night throughout Wisteria.
And, uh, there's, there's all of the madness creeping around.
But I feel like it, you know, as, as the sun goes down, the subgeniuses come out.
And you can see them scurrying through the rocks.
I think, I think oozing and, and, uh, writhing.
Carrying, carrying bottles of booze in their mouths.
Not necessarily scurrying.
Uh, kind of, kind of like a wiggle, a wriggling, a wriggling sensation.
Wriggling.
Coming out from the ground themselves.
Their heads peeking up.
Their eyes blinking.
Long lashes removing the dust.
And they're, they're, they're observing the areas around them.
Trying to find places where they can maybe steal somebody else's slack for a few minutes.
They're just gonna come up and leech off of them.
But it's okay.
There's, there's so much slack right now just radiating through all of the, uh, the pylons.
Hypercube has also set up the pylon system here.
So right now we have a surplus of slack.
Yeah, we've got a, we've got the resonators are, are definitely imbibing people.
So don't, don't feel bad.
You know, bring that subgenius over and, and make sure he's not one of the ones that was sent to kill you.
Uh, if anything, kill that subgenius first.
And the only way you're going to be able to do that is by opening up.
Chariot races to the death at dawn.
That's two out of three wins.
Flaming chariot races on the last day.
Well, uh, in the interest of full disclosure, we already did some practicing.
So we might have an edge on the chariot racing game.
I'm fine with that.
Okay.
I feel like a winner already.
Second place is first loser.
I had a shirt that said that.
It had a big dog with a thumbs up on it.
I got it from Sears.
That's the same place with my spring break t-shirts.
Hell yeah.
Some, some like fire on the sides.
Yeah.
You know, silk shirts with flames.
That's what we don't have enough silk shirts with flames.
We need some flaming fire jobs.
Fire hole jobs.
Fire hole jobs indeed.
Fire hole jobs.
And the lyrics to Freebird on the back.
The lyrics to Freebird tattooed around your fire hole.
That bird what resisted the yoke of tyranny.
Yes, if anybody hasn't arrived yet, uh, can bring the full lyrics.
Uh, just get out your dot matrix, uh, printer there and just, you know, take at least, I
think it's maybe a half hour, hour and a half.
And there's a, there's an army of Xerox machines here.
So just make sure you bring those with you.
Full size dot matrix on like 11, 14 spread.
And, uh, we'll take care of making sure that everyone else gets their, their copies.
And also please record the sound.
It's delightful.
And we're taking, we're recording everything to tape this year.
We're not doing anything on phones or computers.
Everything's being recorded to tape, uh, masking tape.
I have some duct tape as well.
So yeah, we'll have, we'll have several reels.
But it's been in the sun so it's not as sticky where it should be.
But if you, if you play it at the right speed, you'll get all the messages.
Oh, a message does come across when I get the duct tape out.
There's a little message coming off of the duct tape.
It's the, it's the message of the silence.
The fumes is how you know it's working.
Or fear.
But you just got that scrum just busting its ass.
It seems.
You know, I thought we weren't, I thought we weren't going to talk about that today.
I, uh, I had to.
You know what?
I've been containing myself long enough.
I think you're being possessed by the fake vid.
Okay.
That hasn't been told in memo about how we're going to keep scrum a secret.
Because if you haven't figured it out by now, uh, it's too late.
Well, just keep it between me and you.
Just, just you and I?
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't, I don't know anything about that, that garbage.
Uh oh, we've got a, uh.
It's a blessing and a curse.
It's a double-edged sword.
A crazed X Day attendee has just rushed the stage.
Damoclesisscrum.com.
He's now underneath.
Lick it.
I could make a toe sock out of that thing.
Someone in the audience said he's going to lick your toe.
I was just going to, so they know what, in what you were referring to tell them to lick.
Platinum memberships only get to lick the toes of, uh, Fox and, uh, Vid Chuli.
Platinum.
Platinum plus.
Platinum plus triple.
Platinum plus triple diamond.
I think you're looking for the diamond L members.
You don't have to believe me and you probably shouldn't.
You know, if you turn those D's around in Fid, it becomes Fib.
But we're just going to keep that between us too.
If you change all the letters around in Argus Fox.
Yeah, that happens.
Every time.
Every time.
Every time you switch those letters around.
Every time you switch those letters.
I think animal is spelled the same way backwards and forwards.
If you hit yourself in the head enough with a baseball bat.
A palandrom.
That is true.
A palindrom.
Palandrom.
Palindoms.
Palindoms.
It is when you write it in, uh.
Palindoms.
Palindoms.
That's how you might read it and it sounds in your head, but it actually speaks loud.
The script of the native Eastern Islanders.
Go fuck yourself.
Oh, that's one of the.
You can't say that on the, on, on.
Hey-o.
Radio.
Oh, we don't have a kazoo of censorship, so I'm just going free range.
I'm just going free range.



That's my bad.
Put a token in the jar animal.
There are delicate ears out there.
Oh, I'm awake now.
I'm awake.
That, you know, the.
I can't do the effing and the jeffing.
There are soft ears that can't handle that sort of.
Jeffrey.
There's no cuss like show cuss.
I will leave you back.
You can't say cuss on the radio.
Show cuss, po cuss.
You just.
Swear words.
No promises made.
Abra, abra, cadabra.
I want to reach out and grab ya.
I thought it was stab.
I thought it was stab.





I've been singing it wrong all these years and you gotta act it out with the knife.
Yeah, you just gotta practice.
You know.
I've been in this elevator before.
You keep your nose to the grindstone.
These don't fart all over here.
You straighten up.
You fly right.
It never opens.
You get squared away.
It never opens on the floor you want to get off on.
You get it together.
Pull yourself up by your boot straps.
If you get on one floor and go out and get on another elevator.
12B is really 413.
They can't fool me.

It'll just take you another week.
Note for an answer.
The elevators are actually self-aware.
I'm not a fan of elevators.

They, they, uh.
Sentient, I think is the word.
A sentient elevator.
Sentient.
That was in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
It was.
The sentient elevators.
It was.
In fact, it was in a few of those books that Douglas Adams possibly wrote himself that
probably paid small children in Malaysia to do.
Possibly, yes.
I think he outsourced that last couple of, um, the trilogy.
Once it turned into five.
Evil Brocks Pays It Safe.
That was definitely outsourced.
Yeah, I don't, I don't know how you can add to somebody else's story once they're,
once they're dead.
But I guess we've been doing that for a long time.
If there's one thing humans are good at, it's taking the works of dead people and just adding

Post the Ghostwriter Nevermore.
But we wouldn't know anything about that now.
I mean all the books, all the subgenius books, I mean most of the authors of the subgenius
books are here.
True and right and good.
So we actually have the ability to, uh, to blame the authors, the original authors, while
we're still here.
It's truth.
It is truth.
I think it's more like my, uh, Doogie Howser fan fiction.
Well, I've been checking his handwriting.
I've been asking, uh, Stang to write things out for me in longhand to make sure that I
know which books are real.
Oh, he's got awful handwriting.
Which one's written by him and which one's written by somebody else.
I think he's been cheating.
This is written in crayon.
That's, that's more like, yeah.
Grease pencil.
That's...
Finger paints.
I buy finger paints.
The brown finger paint that naturally comes from...
Keep that pencil greasy.
The natural finger paint reserves.
What?
Wiseria is known to be on a great finger paint reserve.
Just gushes right out of that, uh, beautiful lake.
Or pond, not a lake.
We call everything a lake in Florida.
And Florida's had so much fun.
And you know, we, uh, my, my wife, my recently legalized wife, we just legalized...
Things are getting legalized everywhere.
Legalized marriage here in, here in Florida.
Uh, Wisteria here at X Day.
But we, we left Florida and we went to Georgia for a little bit.
And we told them that we had come from Orlando.
And this is just a week or two after the shooting.
They said, wow, it sure has been rough down there.
I don't know how you can dee, you know, how some people can deal with tragedies like that.
And we said, yeah, we, uh, we know it's been kind of rough.
And they said, I mean, having your kid snatched up by an alligator, that's just terrible.
How could you live after something like that?
And we just nodded our heads and go, yep, that was definitely the worst thing that happened in Orlando in the past two weeks.
So, uh...
It's good that they're up on the current events.
And know what's important in life.
But those t-shirts are still available.
So you can still order your, your, your Reverend Fox Disney World Lunch Club t-shirts from the Hypercube store.
Alligator snack packs now available.
I wanted to try and make a costume for the costume ball.
I don't know if I'm going to have enough time to do that.
What's the kid's toy with that meal?
The kid's toy with that meal?
What was the child holding as it was being devoured by the...
A reattachable arm.
There you go.
Prosthetic.
All kids have off...
All kids have off...
Prosthetic limbs.
That was, I should have put that on the shirt.
I should have put that on the shirt.
All kids have off.
Yeah, that's what you should have done.
Thanks, thanks for, thanks for the hindsight, 80.
Back to the drawing board.
Burn them all.
Drawing boards.
We don't have, well, actually no, we do have drawing boards.
I brought one myself.
I tried drawing on a board.
That's what I should do.
I should get out my dry erase board so I can do my eponym check.
People on the microphones kept yelling at me.
And for those with the platinum membership that can see this video live, they'll be able to see what I've written.
Drawing board with Reverend Fox.
Watch as Reverend Fox sits and draws and bores the shit out of me.
Oh, now I did it.
In real time.
I actually set up a feed so people could watch me draw my little Simpsons cart, the Stinsons, the Stinsons, that's their names.
Because we don't, we don't want to promote any unauthorized work here.
That would be wrong.
You know, there are registered trademarks out there and you need to observe those registered trademarks.
You can't just do whatever you want with someone else's registered trademarks.
Or possibly McMurphysboro.
Where do they hail from?
From who?
The Stimpsons.
The Stinsons?
Yeah, Murphysboro.
And I'm not going to tell you in which state.
But yes, the Stinsons from Murphysboro.
And, but more people were watching other people getting yelled at on their phones last night.
So.
I guess nobody wants to watch me do my terrible drawings.
I tried to watch you do your terrible drawings and you just ended up playing Team Fortress 2 the whole time.
Yeah, there's that too.
So.
That was.
We can't always be productive.
Can't always be as good as when you're playing Team Fortress 2.
I just remembered something.
Let me have this for a minute.
I just remembered something, friends.
Today's Friday, right?
Yes.
That means tomorrow's Saturday.
That is correct.
That is very correct.
That's one of the few things that is on the schedule is that the Bobtism is tomorrow.
And I guess we better decide when.
Now judging by today, nobody really gets moving until about 3 o'clock.
I think you should just ring the bell.
I don't unshackle them until 4.
Ring the bell for the Bobtism.
Well, there aren't that many people in here right now.
So spread the word.
Let's plan to do the Bobtism about 3 o'clock at the pond.
Not here.
There is a pond.
Touché.
Yeah, there is a pond down there.
It's a bit of a walk actually.
And you don't have to be naked or nothing.
In fact, if you don't want to get in the water, we'll just sprinkle you.
But we usually get in the water.
I keep my clothes on.
Don't worry.
So does Dr. Hal.
You can do anything you want.
But yeah, tomorrow is the Bobtism and therefore also the party, which is when I guess everybody really drinks a lot or something.
I don't know.
And if you have a weird costume, you can wear that then.
We've just been practicing for that party.
Starting then, yeah.
Yeah, starting then.
So it's like you go to the Bobtism, you get filthy with life.
Other life forms.
You can shower it off or you can wear them to the party.
And yeah.
And your new friends along.
Yeah, yeah.
Invite your new friends along to the party.
And what else?
Yeah.
That means, oh, Andrew the Impaled and Circus Apocalypse will be performing tomorrow night.
Which means we'll probably burn Bob right after that.
Wow.
So those of you who have a band, you'll be playing tomorrow night.
But at some point, Andrew and David Apocalypse will get up there and destroy everything.
And then we'll burn Bob, I hope.
I'm going to add one more thing to that schedule.
We have our 100th episode of X Day 19 Podcast happening tomorrow.
And where and when would that be?
That will be on the Google Hangout stage at 1 o'clock.
Or?
Or 11 to 2.
Be there or be somewhere else.
Now, what is this?
The 100th episode of the Thorazine Urine Pod Crust X Day Special.
You still haven't edited any more than the first two, right?
Should we?
This is episode 100.
Do we have to?
No, we're not going to let the fact that there's only two episodes stop us from celebrating our 100th episode.
We're swimming through the crust of the pods as we speak, guys.
If there were a literal and not just a proverbial editing room floor.
We'd all be dead right now under so much tape.
But we're getting the good bits further down.
I'll probably turn all this crap on again tomorrow.
And if you guys want to do some of it here or do it there, I don't.
But we will have to go down to the medicine fish hole, as it were, the pond.
And at 3 o'clock.
I heard a song about that place.
Only about half the people here will actually make it.
I predict.
I can't be naked under doctor's orders.
I blinded that NASA astronaut that was looking through the Hubble.
Uh-huh.
Oh, that's the other thing.
I have a drone with a camera on it.
I mean, it's a really fancy camera drone.
So just the most flattering angles will be shown and recorded.
Well, years ago, we had the subgeniuses spell out Bob's name in asses pointed at the sky.
It's hard to point at the sky.
I do it like this.
That'll do.
You only need one butt on either end for the quote marks.
But it requires like 46 people to spell out Bob properly if you want to get the Bs to look right.
I worked this out on graph paper and Minecraft.
But if we could, if we can get that many people together, maybe on Sunday, there will hopefully be enough people to spell Bob.

I can fly the drone up so it's looking from an axis point of view and finally get the picture.
8-bit Bob.
And if it doesn't work, we can Photoshop it.
Now, if everybody's bent over in the same way and the drone is about at a 45-degree angle, it might show butts.
It doesn't have to be a bare butt, I suppose, but those would show up better.
You should battle…
For most of us with pale white fish belly skin butts.
You should.
You should.
You should.
I, of course, have to fly the drone.
I'd love to be up there on the front lines with you, but they need me here.
I should practice that drone and charge up those batteries.
I'm glad that…
It's good drone crashing.
I can't believe it's already Friday.
It's what?
It's good drone crashing weather right now.
Actually, it's not.
There's no wind at all.
It's perfect.
We need you to send that up so we can generate some wind.
Right.
That'll help generate more wind.
Reverend Stang's drone could battle Doc Ock.
Doc Ock's drone.
To the death.
To the death.
Did you bring the drone?
To the death.
Is it a big expensive drone or a little bitty?
I've got a really heavy, big expensive drone.
He's just dragging.
It's not that big.
It's not that big.
Man, mine's eight inches, baby.
Here we are, hitchhiking to get here and no, $35.
That's where these drones are going, huh?
Yeah.
Well, actually, Reverend Zaphod gave us the drone and that laptop and that recorder right
there.
And, uh, yeah, the other laptop actually, come to think of it.
You praise Reverend Zaphod.
Praise Zaphod.
That's the schedule now.
To Zaphod.
To Zaphod.
Three o'clock at the pond and that's the one thing I would ask you to tell other people
if you can remember through your drunken and froppant-ness.
Can someone post that on MySpace, please?
Yeah.
Well, that's what we ought to do.
Just paste it on the 19X Day page.
That's what everybody does instead of attending.
That's what everybody does instead of attending.
Yeah.
Actually, even when they're here.
Can someone post that on Ello?
They're watching the show.
I think everybody's on Ello now.
I posted a ton of stuff today.
Can you Snapchat that?
Three o'clock.
Be there.
Bob-tism to borrow.
I'm going to post that right now.
I won't be there.
Well, you know, I was wondering though, I've noticed a few people who seem to be allergic
to water.
So, there might be an issue with the Bob-tism of people exploding.
I'm allergic to nudity.
I've, uh, because I'm allergic to water.






I want to harbor all my sins and travails.
I don't want to just give them away to the lake for nothing.
But you don't have to give it away to the lake.
You can give it away to our old friend, Sequa.
Sequa.
Sequa.
Sequa.
Living near the very bottom of that abandoned mine shaft filled with hundreds of human corpses.
Infinite pleasures.
Old Sequa will come up and give you a nip and let you know that, hey, it's a good thing

it's your turn, buddy.
And then you too can join history and become one of the scales on Sequa's back.
From PR News in Washington, I'm in federal custody.
The chair of the Federal Reserve says she doesn't 69.
So, to me, it's not a first line of but.
In violation of PR News.
On Wall Street, 14th, 16th, German Chancellor Angela Merkel still sweeping the table.
Merkel criticized PR News.
Tarnished the public opinion.
Margaret says this is PR News.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
We're back with more readings from the subgenius cyclopedia of slack, the Bobliagraphon.
Reading from chapter five, the conspiracy chapter.
I'm going to continue from where we left off last week on page 98, where it says, we pay
the conspiracy to take our money away.
That's their job.
It's what the conspiracy is.
It's not so much that they rule over us.
It's that we live, breathe and eat the conspiracy.
It's what we live in.
The conspiracy is the fishbowl and the water we swim in.
They don't consciously take our slack away.
They trample slack without ever knowing of its existence.
But this will in fact lead to their downfall.
Even the unthinking 10,000 year world.
The war on slack must grind to a halt when, thanks to their slack ignorance, the world
economy finally caves in on itself.
The free world is grossly overpriced.
There's really only one airline left, but that's okay with them because they own it.
There's really only one publisher left, but that's okay because they own it.
Only one TV network left, only one internet provider, only one political party, but that's
all okay because they own it.
Everything is under control, they say.
Right.
The craziest 1890s steam engine train engineer in the world is at the helm of spaceship Earth.
Our whole planetary vehicle is careening out of control with drunken madmen at the wheel
and none of them are Bob.
What then is to be our destination?
The moon?
The future?
No friends, it's Hooterville.
Our future?
The future, under the conspiracy, is a bad sitcom that never ends.
Already, most cities are like something from a science fiction movie.
An old science fiction movie.
The further north you go in any city, the more it becomes like a clockwork orange.
On the south side, it's more like Blade Runner.
Out in the sticks, Road Warrior.
The mass media news?
That's not even like science fiction anymore.
But tacky surrealism.
We're being adjusted to accept the idea that at any moment, anything can happen, including
the unimaginable and the impossible, but mostly the unlikely.
Once they've gotten you to believe one impossible thing, you can get yourself to believe damn
near any impossible thing, such as that it's all for your own good.
Friends, are you prepared to be really paranoid?
A little pre-conceived.
We, paranoia, never hurt anybody.
Don't worry about being called a kook.
We used to call the John Birchers kooks, them and all those other rabidly right-wing anti-communists,
when they were hollering that the Trilateral Commission and the Council on Foreign Relations
would take over the world.
But by gobs, they were right.
The kooks were right.
Totalitarian commies did take over the world, disguised as right-wing industrialists disguised
as Christians.
We called the Christians kooks for worrying about the mark of the beast that the Antichrist
would make everyone wear on their hands and forehead.
Well, guess what, mocker?
There is a mark of the beast on your hand and on your forehead.
The one on your hand is your thumbprint, and thanks to face recognition software, the one
on your head is your face.
You don't need a barcode tattooed on your forehead.
Your face is the mark of the beast.
They've been scientifically perfecting their various contradictions for centuries.
We're like some gland owner's dumbasticated dogs, so well trained that when one bargain
basement bin Laden drizzles stale pee on the shriveled little bush in our front yard, we
all instinctively start howling and slobbering and peeing all over every bit of foliage for
miles around.
While our owners love it.

They laugh at us.
Using television, they taught us a whole new language whereby war in the Middle East really
means two for one sale at Walmart.
Even the tiniest, seemingly most insignificant details are set up to make less sense.
Ever notice that everything in the stores costs say $19.95 or $19.89 instead of just
a straight up $20?
When they say only 69 cents, we both know that they've really done something wrong.
They've taken our perfectly good 70 cents and wrecked it.
Bob prophesied.
It's going to be a bummer, man.
Prophecy fulfilled.
And so we're now told about a new mutant disease every month.
Jesus said, you will hear of SARS and rumors of SARS.
What nanobots lurk in the government's smallpox shots?
How much will we have to pay later to have them removed?
Already the conspiracy has government pee inspectors analyzing your urine every time
you flush, tracking you via your toilet so that, for instance, you can be sued retroactively
for lying to the insurance company about your drug or vitamin use.
The next step, of course, will be identity theft via urinary traces of your DNA and psychic
stench.
That's p-psychic, p-stench.
Each time you flush down an unapproved chemical, whether you peed it or not.
You might have to pay for it.
You might as well be signing away your children to the slave camps of tomorrow.
Oh, I'm sorry, patriot camps.
That's right.
It's all become so dirty.
The inevitable fad of reality TV finally came full circle with the ongoing oil war mini-series.
But it's all so sterile.
One almost misses chillin' with the Cold War, which was somehow cooler.
But as long as they can make you worry about how you smell.
Whether your poo stinks.
If you're wearing the right deodorant.
Whether or not your stomach will get you through the day.
The endless conveyor belt of cheap crap will distract you from real slack.
Sometimes they want you to fight them.
Because that's an impossible battle that you can't win.
Leaving you exhausted and defenseless.
And in need of more cheap crap.
Oh yes, it's all very paranoi-ing.
It started with breathalyzer tests.
Then they moved up to pee-alyzers.
Then vot-alyzers.
And now they even have a machine that can tell if you're thinking.
It's called a TV.
If it's off, you're guilty.
It's said that less than a hundred people control all the big corporations, armies,
governments and mass media in the world.
And that most of them are into Bob.
Actually it's less than ten people and they all do know Bob.
But you have never heard any of their names.
Cause see friends, if you know his name, he's not one of the puppeteers.
Just one of the puppets.
You never see the puppeteers.
You can't follow the strings up that far.
If you could, it'd be easy to cut them.
But nowadays there are puppets that can work other puppets.
And it's puppet working puppet.
As far up the line as you can see.
Even the puppets don't know where they are in the hierarchy.
Only the ones that work the puppets.
Only the ones who aren't operating a marionette themselves know exactly where they are.
The bottom.
And you, dear subgenius reader or listener, are probably not engaged in pulling anybody's
strings right this minute.
It's economic Darwinism.
Survival of the richest.
The decks are manufactured already stacked for the winners.
The guys who put the evil in evil.

The evolution.
Talk about not wanting to make waves.
They finally got things just the way they want them.
The times, they were a changing.
But that may end.
Now that the rich are firmly rich and the poor are securely poor, the conspiracy as
a whole would benefit if all change were to stop.
We must not let this happen.

Let this stopping begin.
We must spend our time getting slack.
Because time itself may be running out.
Oil shortage.
Water shortage.
Air shortage.
Those are as nothing compared to what the conspiracy would like to see.
A ewe shortage.
Because it's gradual, people don't even notice the world ending when that day finally comes
on which everything locks up and freezes into nothing.
We need a golden tribune through which you are in und interess 443 00 🎵
CORRUPTION
A particularly galant area of land is inhabited by a techуляella.
This bishobeen to the north side of a fauna-rous hundred homes next to the southern marshland
is thought to be an algum detritus.
A geNe動画 park.

util.nasa.edu.ar.
�
the center of a conspiracy of slack. Are they right? The shakedown started long ago, but who
will go in the dome and who will stay out is being decided today. The cultural gestalto asks you for
your papers. Will you resist? You sure don't want to get caught resisting. They have this new drug
called Camp X-Ray that they give you that makes you think you've been held in prison for months
without even being charged. And they have an even worse drug called false slack that makes you think
you've been sitting in your house watching imaginary people's fake lives on TV for years
and years instead of living a real life of your own. You can only see the retardation for what it
is after you've removed yourself from it for a while. The less TV you watch, the more obvious
is the brainwashing when you do watch it. The conspiracy knows you know this, so they pretend
that you're not a part of it.
They crank out programming that is deliberately so dumb that you find yourself thinking,
I can't believe how stupid this is. People watch this? This is so fantastically stupid,
I could sit here forever transfixed and marveling at how stupid people must be to watch this.
Those incredibly dumb shows are their way of openly, brazenly,
gloating about what cows we are. Break free of the matrix, screams every cable TV sci-fi thriller
after these messages. Gil Scott Heron said, the revolution will not be televised. He was wrong.
Not only was the revolution televised, but Nike sponsored it. Television, unfortunately,
was not revolutionized, so the whole thing ended up as just another show.
Friends,
we subgeniuses are proud to be called kooks by the rest of the media,
if that keeps us out of the same boat with them.
And I guess I should leave off now. We'll continue reading from the conspiracy chapter
of the Bob Leografon, Cyclopedia of Slack. Yeah. Friends, the music in the background was by
Cybertonic.
Chomp, a CD called
Their moment of perfect happiness.
Ha haaah.
And now this.
Trans strengthened versus
же
üng
Thitorius
Milllett

Stacey



Peter
Chamber
Junior
Honey
A cup turned up for her to drink down all the years
All the lips to die for and heart that made
Picking up the paper she leaves
If she can't change what the world has made
All of this because there's no one in vain
Am I am I a little stone?
Am I am I a little stone?
Oh, if I could have found out
That she danced on a mountain
Knowing everything
What her rhymes should say
She would have been a little stone
So entertaining, yeah
Oh, if I could have had a lesson
Fancy a magic dance on a table
For student boys, stars, and to a brain
Am I am I a little stone?
Am I am I a little stone?
Am I am I a little stone?

Oh, sweet freedom
Sweet and low, carry me home
Oh, sweet freedom
I will not destroy for this love
For the next time
For the last time
Oh I we will never forget
The little stone that she saw
I did not stop by, I did not see him fall
Oh, I never wanted to watch him ever turn disaster
Every step the building blocks me from another
Where do I run when this kingdom's rain came down like so much glass?
Where am I, am I?
Am I a little stone?
Am I, am I?
A honeycomb?
Am I, am I?
A little stone?
Am I, am I?
A honeycomb?
Oh, sweet honeycomb
Sweet freedom
Sweet allowon
Carry me home
Oh, sweet freedom
Sweet allowon
Carry me home
Sweet freedom
Sweet allowon
Carry me home
Oh, sweet freedom
Sweet allowon
Carry me home
Reverend Andrew Genis did that song, Empire, at 18X Day.
And I guess it would be okay to mention that you can find her music if you look for the name Robin Renee.
She's produced CDs in many different styles.
And if you Google around, you can find them.
Renee is spelled R-E-N-E-E.
Robin Renee.
And this is another unusual episode.
You can hear Dammit the Hound Dog baying in the background, I think.
The first half of this show was three of the Thorazine Urine Pod Crust crew,
guest hosting a live hour slack at Wisteria during nightfall.
19X Day last summer.
Those three of the crew being Reverend Argus Fox,
Reverend Anna Maul,
and Reverend Fid Chewy.
And the rest of this episode will be poetry.
Yeah, because why not?
Two short poems.
First, a recitation by Dr. Howell.
This is by a California poet, Robinson Jeffers.
And it is about that maligned creature, the vulture.
I had walked since dawn and lay down to rest on a bare hillside above the ocean.
I saw, through half-shut eyelids, a vulture wheeling high up in heaven.
And presently, it passed again, but lower and nearer, its orbit narrowing.
I understood then that I was under inspection.
I lay, death still, and heard the flight feathers whistle above me,
make their circle and come nearer.
I could see the naked red head between the great wings, bare downward, staring.
I said, my dear bird, we are wasting time here.
These old bones will still be there.
They will still work.
They are not for you.
But how beautiful he looked, gliding down on those great sails.
How beautiful he looked, veering away in the sea light over the precipice.
I tell you solemnly that I was sorry to have disappointed him,
to be eaten by that beak,
to become part of him,
to share those wings, those eyes.
What a sublime...
What a sublime end to one's body.
What an enskyment.
What a life after death.
When I got the call, her voice, tense, hesitant, uncertain.
Honey, do you know what I just found?
Out in the backyard?
A strip of flesh.
Her voice, hesitant with suggestion.
I knew what she was thinking.
My fascinations, crime and serial killers, my dark humor and looming darkness.
She finally found what she'd expected.
A strip of flesh.
Well, it was skin actually, not really muscle mass, not flesh.
It makes a difference, you know, to know anatomy that intimately.
But not to her.
So I told her, to comfort her.
A strip of flesh.

A strip of flesh.
It's just a dog toy, a piece of rawhide, uncurled, slimy and pliant from the rain.
I'm so glad you called to tell me you found it.
I'll be right home.
Creepy.
An alarming find written and said by Dr. Lee Cipher.
Reverend Dr. Lee Cipher, that is.
Thank you, dammit.
And to end the show, we'll let puzzling friends,
Dr. Philo and Dr. Howell of the Puzzling Evidence Show,
take us out with just a bit more poetry by Dr. Seuss in this case.
Mile high towers made of gleaming chromium
with overhead spiral ramps and quizzing monorails under a giant blasting dome.
In between, we involve time and space.
This is the city of the future.
Let's go, John.
This is the city of the future?
Bringing absolute power to destroy the other nature.
Welcome to greater cosmopolis and rocket port.
Three minutes.
Seven million human beings live under the dome in the giant...
Now I don't know what to do.
Solar power.
She will formulate serious and precise with the pose of the insolent...
No, we need a real arm.
...is a female two-headed transatlantic...
...into the bedrock of the planet...
...movie nowadays.
...and three heads and black, white and Chinese.
Yeah.
...in the middle of...
Oh, my gosh.
...the future.
It has something to do with being real tiny.
You know, they're not in atomic sync with this world and time.
They're kind of like the Who, the Who's on the fluffball in that...
Yes.
...Dr. Seuss story.
Yes, in Horton, here's the Who.
Only he with his giant elephantine ears could hear the mayor of Whoville.
On the 15th of May,
in the jungle of Newel, in the heat of the day, in the cool of the pool, he was splashing,
enjoying the jungle's great joys...
Yeah, look at them, they're little...
...when Horton the elephant heard a small noise.
...swept water girls and the rafts.
We called him Mutant.
You know?
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.





Mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
But he found a more beautiful girl.
What do you think of this story?



And if you've been listening to the SubGenius Radio Ministry,
this is our hour of...
Our hour of...


For free information,
write to
P.O.
Box
181
417



2


Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
or see www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob!
Ah, my dear internet listening friends.
Yes, yes, yes, the harvest.
For you know, friends, the annual Slack Friday sale is on.
It lasts from now until just before Existence-less-ness-ness.
And that means you can buy two Subgenius ordainments for the price of one.
That's right, two ordainment kits, normally a $70 value for the price of one.
Only $35!
And it's been $35 for about 10 years now, so prices may go up after this sale.
Just saying.
You can have us send both packages to you.
Or one to you and one to a friend.
Or two to two friends.
Or one friend.
Or damn near anything.
Just go to subgenius.com and start a-clickin'.
You can't miss the twofer Slack Friday sale.
Not only does the recipient become a truly ordained minister, the real kind, that can perform weddings.
But you also get all this keen stuff.
Like two Subgenius pamphlets.
A big doctorate of the Forbidden Son.
An all-inclusive excuse document.
Both of those are large and suitable for framing.
An 8x10 of J.R. Bob Dobbs, of course.
Two vinyl bumper stickers.
Several postcards.
A decoder pen, although you'll have to decode it.
The famous minister's card, inspired by Pope Bob's Discordian Pope card.
Only real.
And what else?
Loads of instructions.
Mystic diagrams.
Artwork for your walls or prisons.
Sell recruitment materials for sucking more seekers into the cult.
Friends, why, the fun is limited only by your imagination.
And I know that if you've listened this far, you're one sick kitten indeed.
And probably have quite an imagination.
Praise Bob.
That's Subgenius at Post Office Box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Or...
The Texas Address.
Stang at P.O. Box 807.
Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
Praise Bob.
