We vow that racial minorities wailing in the name of tolerance will no longer upset our justice and our traditions.
We will not cringe for one second before the charlatan or harlequin bluff of federal courts.
We'll swamp those courts with every legal process to halt their tyranny.
Every legal process.
And we will impeach every man or woman who supports the majesty of law in the name of politics.
We will impeach them.
Immediate legal action will be ready for anybody in 24 hours.
After X day.
To meet every Little Rock or Albany, Georgia or Oxford, Mississippi.
Or Dallas, Texas.
Oh, put on the brakes!
Close one.
Gosh.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slap.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Sweet hour of slack.
Sweet hour of slack.
Oh, yes.
We call upon every American businessman who has the dream of leaving his business to his children.
Support us in whatever capacity you can afford.
Hey, how about just leaving your business?
While the expense will be costly, every attorney accepted by us must agree in writing to serve without fee other than bare minimums.
Praise God.
American lawyers drew our glory.
The glorious declaration and our constitution.
American lawyers are going to defend them and prevent traitors from destroying them.
Are you...
What's one group you can trust as a lawyer, friends?
We're in the name of...
Some of those at workforces.
On a safe...
Our bar crosses.
Some of those at workforces...
On a safe and bar crosses.
Some of those at workforces.
On a safe and bar crosses.
Some of those at workforces....
Draw the same that bar crosses.
Oh
Killed in the name of.
U.S.A.

U.N.A.


Uh, yes, dear friends, uh, some, one of my favorite bands here, uh, and I can't play
the rest of that song because he starts cussing like a sailor, I'll tell ya, and, uh, well,
we just, we can't, conspiracy still holds a certain hammer above our heads, I suppose
you might say, yeah, that's, uh, Rage Against the Machine, um, I've heard them on the radio
once, and I liked what I heard so much that I started asking around amongst the kids,
you know, the kids, we're doing all of this for the children, for the little children,
and we know lots of them, and, um, and they, uh, some of them actually listen to stuff
like that, and, uh, I do too, but, but, friends, we'll, to tell the truth, what I really have
to show off to you are my new Hendrix bootlegs.
I score.
I scored big time.
Uh, studio outtakes, the, the, the whole mess, I'm, I'm gonna have mercy on you, I'm just
gonna, you know, have that running in the background as we figure out something to do
with this show, I've gotta flip this one out real quick, there's so much preaching and
so many different media that remains to be done at any given time, dear friends, and,
uh, you know, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one,
one reason that I know is that Jimi Hendrix was a, a, a, a latent subgenius, an unsaved,
classic high unpredictable is the way he died.
Um, he died by, uh, the dumbest screw-up that a brilliant genius could, could, uh, possibly
pull off just about, and that is how you know that the man was a subgenius, and not just
one of these normally warmly, uh, incredibly talented, uh, uh, geniuses.


or something like that.
And hey, hey, sir, you can hear it.
You can just hear it.
You can hear that potential for the greatest screw-up in the world
right in the midst of that beautiful...
I've got to listen to this.
I don't know, friends.
Just recently, September 18th is the Hendrix death day,
and us Hendrix freaks and nuts get all...
You know, some of us get all weepy,
and some of us jump up...
and down and say, praise Bob, he was reincarnated
as an entire tribe of exists and all that kind of thing.
But, you know, it just makes me want to say thanks to the guy.
He actually helped me out a whole lot this week, personally.
Yes, yes, because there's always an escape, you see.
There has to be an escape.
Every subgenius must have an escape
because of the nature of the beast.
The beast.
That we are, yes.
We will walk on all fours.
We will snuff up water from the stream itself with our tongues, yes.
When Bob isn't looking, we will not be men.
Nay!
Because, friends, you know there's two kinds of people in the world.
Those who say there are two kinds of people in the world,
and those who say there's two kinds of people in the world,
and the other kind,
and those who don't say.
And then, well, there's Bob who said that.
And Bob said that.
Because, as Bob also said,
if you have a pipe, I will give you one.
If you do not, I will take it away from you.
For Bob is he who hath wisdom.
Let he who hath wisdom know it is the wallet of a man, dear friends.
And as Pope Sternodoc's key caver said,
the only reason any subgenius is still alive
is that all pigs are such craven, cringey,
and godless wonders.
Actually, I don't think those were his exact words.
We had to kind of clean that down a little bit.
But, as Bob said, in 1954 on a radio broadcast on WFMU,
howdy WFMU in East Orange, New Jersey,
Bob said, you can forgive them first,
but then kill them.
And, you know, that's the open-hearted, tolerant way
that we the subgeniuses like to think.
Because there's a difference.
There is the difference.
And that's what we are.
That's what we make.
Because subgeniuses are different.
In a way that makes so sexuality,
creed, or mental health,
or taste and color,
those are all inconsequential, meaningless,
compared to the difference between the subgenius and the human.
Now, we've all heard of the derogatory,
terms any young subgenius growing up in school hears.
The words like bobobbies,
dobsies,
pipefaces,
submorons,
subhumans,
subpenises,
and so forth and so on.
And such insults usually stem from dunderheaded misreadings,
conscious, deliberate misreadings, I might say,
of the word subgeniuses,
meaning either super intelligent or stupid.
And actually, those have nothing to do with it.
The word encompasses the word,
and encompasses almost any IQ level.
We are not friends saying that we're smarter than the normals.
We've never said that.
We're only saying that we are better,
better,
than the human.
They're the only ones that measure,
that think they can actually measure intelligence.
And they usually use income as their main yardstick, of course.
The subgenius form of intelligence would be calibrated,
calibrated in intangible units.
Units of intangibles.
And we cannot stress this enough.
It's not that the normals are unintelligent.
It's that they're not even all there.
They're half there.
It's not the lack,
but the non-use of it.
It's like they're wandering through a dream.
Characters in somebody else's cartoon world.
In my case, my cartoon world.
The things that we recognize as mere convenient,
convenient mental constructs,
such as jobs or money,
are totally real to the poor humans.
Pity them not.
You know, we see the bars of a cage that they don't even know they're in.
But to them, we look crazy.
Because our response to that cage,
such as what I'm saying right now,
cannot,
cannot, my friend,
make sense to them.
And it never, ever will.
Now, you know, we might as well be living on two different planets.
If only we were.
Oh well.
Thanks, Jimmy.
Well, hell, I'll just keep reading from Revelation X.
I've got plenty of tapes to play, but
I love this old,
unreleased tune in the background,
Valley of Neptune.
You know, true intelligence lies in knowing what you don't know.
We know that!
And that's what makes us twice as smart as all the know-it-alls.
That's our curse.
The curse of Bob.
They say ignorance is bliss, my friend,
and they are right about that one.
When you're the only one in the crowd that knows that the showers are really gas chambers,
it's kind of hard to look forward to getting clean now, ain't it?
Do you think it is fun?
Do you think it is funny?
For us to know something that no one else knows,
even when that something is the mass murder of billions, including yourself?
We know.
We know, and yet,
we cannot tell.
Why?
Because no one will listen.
Once, Swami Bhagwananda said to Dobbs,
Are you not interested in discovering that which lies beyond the veil of illusion?
And Dobbs said,
Hell no!
I'm interested in what's behind the veil of ordinary reality.
Friends,
mundane ordinary perception
is a lack of perception.
In ordinary consciousness,
the most trivial things become ulcerously stressful.
Lost in a world of illusion,
fixated on superficial fantasies like the job,
any interruption of the daily routine
throws the pink into a frenzy of paranoia.
The pink loses sight of the rich texture of the all,
and frets all out of proportion over transitory setbacks
and silly obstacles that exist only within its cramped,
blinkered frame of reference.
The subgenius, on the other hand,
maintains a perfect objective detachment such as mine,
and never loses sight of the magical bull-dada
which infuses every daily experience.
For instance,
a subgenius suffers a blowout on the highway.
Well, while pulling off the road and watching out for the other cars
out of everything else that's happening,
she happens to notice that the tire is flapping in perfect time
to the beat of the music on the car radio.
Do you hear that flapping, my friend, out there driving in your car tonight?
Is it flapping in time to the music on the car radio?
Or are you just now rolling and bumping off to the side of the road,
left behind by all the other traffic,
the other traffic which one might say was closer to mom at that time,
but for the fact that they don't know what the hell they're doing
and weren't listening to this show, and you were!
So it's worth it if you have to get out of that car and change that tire.
Just don't do it until this show's over with.
Just sit there by the side of the road until the cops come up,
and then pretend you're crippled and have them do it for you.
Praise Bob.
Ask not what the conspiracy can do for you.
No, wait.
Ask not what you can do for the conspiracy.
Ask what the conspiracy can do for you.
An old, old saying, and all of this stuff that I'm reading tonight
from our Bible revelation ex, it's old, old stuff,
but you know, you cannot get enough of it!
No subgenius can ever hear enough of the word of Bob.
Especially if read by the voice of Reverend Ivan Stang.
Because the subgenius, you see, benefits from a residual racial memory
that can be reached by certain paths and used as a new sense.
But because the subgenius, you see, benefits from a residual racial memory that can be reached by certain paths and used as a new sense.
But because the subgenius, you see, benefits from a residual racial memory that can be reached by certain paths and used as a new sense.
Because it is a new sense.
It cannot be described to pinks or defined in any human language or system of symbols,
It cannot be described to pinks or defined in any human language or system of symbols,
but must be felt through to be properly understood even on the most basic level.
And only latent subgeni have that capacity, that sense of appreciation,
of values, of real values, which transcends prices, fashion, social status, or even, even looks.
Yes, even, even looks.
Sigh.
Well, thank you.
I think the jam just sort of fell apart, and we'll continue with these readings at some point.
Now, where, what was I going to put on next?
Now I'm completely, well, when in doubt, when in doubt, turn to the experts.
So I got black Irish and he's Chinese today.
And the sport enthusiast in Euclid.
And then I got a story by a scientist.

I got a story by a school teacher going up to Mayfield Village Idiots and checking on them Norwegian beauties with Brani.
There's another Brani lad down at a police station.
I got a guy that called you strange in a restaurant.
That's the one with the tea bag that told you he couldn't handle anymore.
He was with safety provisions.
He'd get filthy again.
After I have the Center for Infectious Disease, I got some cops.
I got Cuckoo for Cocoa Puff cops.
And there are Bushy Bushy Bond hairdos.
Trying to draw attention to my oxygen case.
I got the Center for Infectious Disease story.
They laughed it off.
Then I got the one, I'm in grade school.
It's a story in the 80s.
This guy's still calling a page in a book on me.
A group of cops who I want restoration of moments and shut back.
Do I know where I'm at?
Now get off your lazy seats and go to work and save America.
Send a big fat check to the one determined out there.
I'm a man of faith that calls a spade a spade.
And has sworn to defeat the cause of every evil in the world today.
Humanity.
Every time I have to tinkle, I like to hold my tinkle.
The children start to whimper when I do my dinkle dance.
The ladies get embarrassed when they see me stand embarrassed.
I iron out the wrinkles when I do my dinkle dance.
Now jeepers goodness gory, they see fat men are jolly.
I like to turn the lights on.
When I do my dinkle dance.
Don't laugh, it isn't funny.
So come on everybody.
There's too much time a waste, but now let's do my dinkle dance.
That's when I take down my.
That's when I take out my.
That's when I take down my.
That's when I take out my.
That's when I take out my.
I hope you're all happy and comfortable.

And down the lane again I'll Ride the horse.







They're singing, podob powered forward,
Mademoisellebi Red 되리 베� Danger Lady mmhmm.
No,
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
He would.
Can I get an amen?
Amen!
Can I get a hallelujah?
Hallelujah!
Oh yes, brothers and sisters.
What I am going to say will shock you.
It will disturb your sleep.
It will make you worry for your loved ones.
It will give you nightmares of disaster, plague, and horrible death.
It will make you rethink the priorities of your life.
It will change the way you look at yourself and the world.
There is a killer loose in the land.
The killer cuts down all that he touches.
If he touches you, you will die.
If he touches your child, your child will die.
His victims die a slow, horrible death.
They waste away.
They drown in their own bodily fluids.
They lose control of their bowels.
They lose their memories.
They become demented.
They die.
They die in agony.
There is nothing that can be done to save them.
That killer's name is Jesus Christ.
The false Jesus.
When he starts to kill you, it is said that you are a heathen.
An insensate meat puppet with no soul.
An occupant on an earth ship heading headlong into Armageddon.
This killer and his cult of followers first emerged on the American scene almost 500 years ago.
Rising like an angel of gritting death out of the oozing rivers of bodily fluids that spilled like fetid waterfalls into the streets of our beloved America from the sick and sleazy pleasure houses of the killer Jesus and his twisted Christian cult.
Yet despite this heinous assault on all of the good and pure and virtuous traditions that made America a shining beacon of freedom to all of the world,
the authorities have done nothing to stop this terror from washing over this great land like a sea of evil blood.
In fact, the leaders that you elected are aiding and abetting their cause, claiming these evil false Christians have the same rights as regular people.
Our elected officials are daring to let these freaks and perverts hide behind the protection of the Constitution of the United States.
Most of the government's efforts have been to protect the people of America.
They have been directed towards protecting the freedom of religion of this cult of immoral and unscrupulous sex-madding fiends, rather than toward the total annihilation that these scum deserve.
The government withholds vital information about this false Christ which could save millions of lives.
By their acts of commission and omission, they have become in effect the protectors and guardians of this cult of death and its blond-haired, blue-eyed leader, Jesus Christ.
And as such, they may well become your murderers, or your child's murderers.
It has been speculated that between 80 and 90 percent of children that disappear from our homes due to kidnapping are converted to this false Christian faith by means of drugs, torture, and starvation.
These children are smuggled out of the country and sent to one of the cult's overseas slave labor camps.
Cruel sweatshops where children are killed.

Children are forced to spend 16 hours a day making fake miracle trinkets, which their false prophet leader, Jesus, peddles to his followers, making over 17 billion dollars in 1993.
Many of the children are sent to Thailand to stalk the false Christs.
Many brothels.
Some are sent to one of the 13 Christ-town training centers to be indoctrinated, to learn the dark secrets of their cult,
and to work in the jungle laboratories manufacturing crack.
How many innocent people must die so that the sick sex games of these pervert false Christians can continue?
How long must we wait before the police and the military take matters into their own hands and stop this madness?
What can you do to save your family and your country from this deadly menace?
There's a lot you can do.
If you live in a rural area or small town,

that has preserved traditional American values,
stay there.
Watch your family for signs of disobedience or strange behavior.
Stay away from the television.
It has become infested with subliminal messages that lure you and your loved ones into the cult.
Do not go to airports alone.
If you must, however, be sure not to drink anything.
Bring bottled water.
Many airport water supplies are tainted by the Christians' evil hallucinogenic crack.
Teams of Christians work at every airport in America,
waiting for the drug to take effect,
loading their helpless victims into waiting planes while airport officials and the FAA do nothing.
Make your children stay at home after school.
If they try to sneak out, beat them severely.
This is very important as this blood cult of evil targets places where teens congregate.
Shopping malls are among the best recruiting grounds for young people to be lured into...
Oh, brothers.
Oh, sisters.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you, Pete, for flipping that tape.
And, uh, friends, what were we listening to on the other side of show?
Well, my gobs, just to prove we don't just listen to Hendrix all day and all night,
I ran some beautiful Zugx Riff there, his little song about the Dinkle Dance.
And it's, actually, it's called Idiots on the Miniature Golf Course,
followed by the instrumental Lobotomy II from Looser Than Clams, one of the classic Zoox Rift albums.
We also heard there, I believe, a little bit of the great Legal Documents guy.
And Dr. Legume on Reverend Edward Strange's show there in Pennsylvania.
Dr. Legume outlining the dangers of this strange cult that has almost destroyed us.
I believe they were playing some Sergio Leone in the background there a lot of that time.
It's a lovely, lovely thing.
And I don't know what we're going to do next because we don't have to know what we're going to do next.
That's the most important right that a subgenius has, to be able to just plunge right in and just keep talking no matter what.
And whether you know what's on the next tape coming up or not,
it just doesn't matter. You just keep going and going.
And I don't want to be one of these Chainer-type people.
You know, I mean, I'm not going to just keep talking on and on and on about how I'm, you know,
going to shut up any minute or anything like that.
Hey, boys and girls, this is Einstein's Secret Orchestra live in your face right now.
Well, you got me singing now. I'm an anarchist singleist from way, way back when.
I was riding Joe Hill in Utah. I took down the deputy sheriff's office.
Three years ago, I was on the same train as Joe Hill.

Three National Guards, a state militia, and we also cracked the bank.
We gave the money to the poor. Pretty boy Floyd didn't have nothing on us.
Yeah, I rode with old Joe Hill. Hardly understand a word a man said.
Big, brawny, sweet he was. Old Joe Hill.
Gave the workers hope he did.
Gave the workers some hope.
What we need to do is organize. Organize.
The man's keeping still.
Taking money away.
Taking money away.
Taking money away.
We gotta get it back.
Hi, folks. I'm Vladimir Ilyas, Ilyas, Ilyas, Ilyas Lennon.
Just call me Vlad.
Vlad.
And for one week only.
They're explaining the purr.
From the heart of the former evil, former evil, former evil, former empire.
Vlad, leave.
They're taking my cross.
Vlad, leave.
I'm not only.
I'm not only.

I'm my own son.


2020, Vladimir See f a second.
So they asked Vladimir Wh they asked Vladimir When would he give a new coat.
And Lennon replied.
When all of the workers have new coat.
I will wear a new full coat.
They didn't People knew is Buddha.
He also Chose to not wear a New coat.
And he found it satisfactory because it was not cool.
Don't kid yourself.
They are coming for you.
I don't mean they are looking for you.
I'm coming to get you.
I mean they are coming for you.
I'm coming to get you.
I'm coming to get you.
Seven, there is much pressure.
I come to you and know God name that thou art our only king.
Coming holidays.
Just look for the special get them together ad.
And there we go.
Halli Gallagher, deputy,
New York city, New York City, radium,

The pit...
Like you are now,
trans,
like.
Hitler who just said that change has taken place, which we are witnessing today, that
it will be up to the future generations to value it.
It has often been stated that we have to fulfill a mission.
And now the Chancellor is explaining which mission shall and must be fulfilled.
Joe, your own nightlife.
Hi, listen, you know, as far as the Clintons are concerned, their position on abortion
seems to be, you know, absolutely incorrigible.
There's no way they're going to ever allow for any kind of prohibitions to be placed
on abortion while they're in office.
My question for you is, are our tactics correct right now to deal with them?
What tactics are you making reference to?
Legislative tactics and, well, you know, Operation Rescue, clinic defenses.
Okay, of course, now legislation and legislation tactics and Operation Rescue tactics are two
separate, distinct programs.
But they have the same purpose, you know, put two types of pressure on the government
to do what they really should be doing all along.
I have been reluctant to criticize Operation Rescue.
I know that they have probably made some mistakes and done a few things that I disagreed with
personally.
However, I think that Operation Rescue has accomplished, there have been some good accomplishments.
They have done some things that have been good.
They have, in effect, they have talked some young women out of abortions.
They probably saved some children that would have been aborted.
So I'm reluctant to criticize Operation Rescue, even though they do, there are some things
they do that I do not agree with and that I personally would not confront the abortion
issue in that manner.
Are you familiar with the new anti-abortion group called Birth First?
Apparently they insert, they take a hold of male nurses who work in abortion clinics.
They get hired there and then they induce pregnancies in women during their third trimester
who come in for abortions.
No, I'm not familiar with that.
Yeah, well, apparently their motto is, you know, better a deformed woman.
Christian than none at all.
No, I'm not familiar with anything like that.
I don't think you can be a deformed Christian.
I don't think there's any neutrality in the kingdom of God.
I think you're either in the ship or out of it, your own or off, hot or cold.
There are no in-betweens.
I'm on the ship to stay, sir.
Well, and I am too.
I hope I'm doing the best I can.
Well, anchors away.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate your call.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
sensei
hey
Whoo
Wow
Bye
Bye

Bye
Bye
Bye
Bye
Bye
Bye
Bye
Bye
Bye
Bye
You are truly a little bit young.
And call me the strong one.
You are the strong one.
And I will be your hero.
You are the strong one.
You are the strong one.
You are the strong one.
You are the strong one.
And I am ready, I will begin to bring you a gift.
I've got a gun.
I've got another gun.
A dagger hunting rifle.
I hope you use all of these gadgets.
Targas warranty.
Full speed Screen purposely managed...
Oh, pretty rich and varied little rug of sound in the background there, friends.
That's a band, I guess you could call it that, in Madison, Wisconsin,
called Feast of Maximum Occupancy.
And they're hard-working boys in some strange respect.
Now, let's see, what else did we have here tonight?
Of course, we heard some ESO there. They announced themselves.
And they were doing that Russian stuff, Joe Hill and Vladimir Lenin.
And then we had the Crystal Methodists doing some Hitler.
And, yeah, they were running up some Hitler.
And then they also, I think, did the...
I guess it might be just a sincere recording off of some Christian radio show.
I'm not sure what. But here is VABOOM!
Let the word go forth.
Let the word go forth from this time and place.
Good evening, my fellow citizens.
I speak to you tonight in a spirit of hope.
The human spirit.
The human spirit.
The human spirit.
Lee Harvey Oswald.
Oh, no!
Jack Ruby.
Oswald and Ruby.
Oh, no!
To friend and fo' the life.
Oswald and Ruby.
My God, have you heard?
The president is dead.
Oswald and Ruby.
They do not eat prison spirits.
Oswald and Ruby.
They do not eat prison spirits.
The president is dead.
Well, I know where that third shot came from.
The grassy knoll behind the picket fence.
The grassy knoll behind the picket fence.
Oh, oh, no!
My God, have you heard?
The president is dead.
Let the word go forth.
Let the word go forth.
Let the word go forth.
Let the word go forth.
Good evening, my fellow citizens.
I speak to you tonight in a spirit of hope.
The human spirit.
The energy, the faith, the devotion which we bring to this endeavor will light our country and all who serve it.
And the glow from that fire can truly light the world.
History will record the fact.
Lee Harvey Oswald.
I didn't shoot anybody, sir.
I didn't shoot anybody, sir.
Lee Harvey Oswald.
Jack, Jack, Jack Ruby.
Jack Harvey Oswald.
Oh, no!
My God, have you heard?
The president is dead.
Well, I know where that third shot came from.
The grassy knoll behind the picket fence.
The grassy knoll behind the picket fence.
Oh, oh, no!
My God, have you heard?
The president is dead.
Let the word go forth.
Let the word go forth.
Good evening, my fellow citizens.
I speak to you tonight in a spirit of hope.
A spirit of hope.
Lee Harvey Oswald.
Jack Ruby.
Two prim, then foe alike.
Oswald and Ruby.
They do not imprison spirits.
Oswald and Ruby.
Two prim, then foe alike.
They do not imprison spirits.
History will record the fact.
Lee Harvey Oswald.
I didn't shoot anybody, sir.
I didn't shoot anybody, sir.
Lee Harvey Oswald.
Jack, Jack, Jack Ruby.
Jack Harvey Oswald.
Oh, no!
My God, have you heard?
The president is dead.
The president is dead.
We have learned in times past that the spirit of one moment or place can be gone in the
next.
My God, have you heard?
The president is dead.
Mr. Joseph Kennedy bought up all the Hague and Hague, scotch, whiskey industries in England.
He bought all the English-speaking countries in the world.

Millions and millions and millions of dollars worth.
Actually, all of their money.
That day that prohibition was stricken from the books
and the river of swill began to pour through this nation once again.
Joseph Kennedy's tankers, huge ship tankers,
were sitting in New York Harbor filled with scotch whiskey.
And for many, many years, brother, every jigger of whiskey,
every pint of whiskey, every half pint of alcohol
that Americans consumed in this nation,
that broke hearts, that blasted lives,
that damned so many souls,
that caused so many children to go without something to eat,
that caused so many mothers to weep in hell and horror and sorrow
because of a drunken husband that drove so many to a Christless grave,
that filled a penitentiary with men and women,
that put men and women in an early grave and an early demise.
Joseph Kennedy pocketed millions of phones,
and tens of millions of dollars from his ill-gotten gain.
Every ounce, every pint, every drop,
Mr. Kennedy profited by it,
and millions rolled into his coffers.
And then Jack Kennedy, the millions of dollars bought it,
the hundred million that rolled in and purchased for him
the highest office in the land.
And his son was the president of the United States of America.
They called it the New Frontier.
And then on the other side,
a madman's bullet blew the brains out
of possibly the most powerful man in the entire world.
And the prancing horses pulled the caisson
containing the body of this powerful man,
and it was laid beneath the eternal flame.
Robert Kennedy would take a pledge.
He was married.
The strings would pass.
But it was also true that the assassin missed his target,
for he wanted John Kennedy to die,
and that he was unable to do.
For no man could take away years of lightning
with a single day of drugs.
Well, the truth, young man,
you don't really sound that way, do you?
Well, yes, that's true, Mr. President, I don't.
But then again, you don't really speak that way, do you?
Well, young man, something is going to have to be done about this.
Well, Mr. President, that's awfully nice of you
to want to do something about it.
Yes, young man.
Well, why don't you sit here and make yourself at home?
I'll be back in a minute.
I'll be back in a minute.
More than 16 people who seemingly had nothing to do
with that awful event have died under mysterious conditions.
He's short to tenure.
He, more than any other American leader,
galvanized a nation and caused its corrugated ironsides
to swell with pride.
Yes, yes, yes.

And a vision of new Americanism extending far out
into the blackness of outer space.
With a better understanding of the practical problems associated
with conducting these deep underground seabed nuclear
experiments, we now have to be true.
Folks, the reason you might hear little voices doing
odd and unrelated talking in the background
is because these people also produced a radio show.
We had the information on the overman.
It was one considered a segue.
I love it.
I don't know how he's gonna do it.
Apparently he says that he has a wonderful ability
that none of the rest of us have, such as powers of flight
and invisibility, commando command and other things.
Yes, he has the power of flight and invisibility.
In fact, he flew over to see you, and he's standing behind you right now.
Woo hoo!
Actually, if you're ever up Saturday very early in the morning, 4.30 to 6 a.m.,
you should definitely turn in KPFA and you'll hear.
one of the stranger things on radio, one of the more brilliant things on radio.
It's good morning. It's time to give a show.
Alive! The television is a liar. Just listen to your radio.
In Berkeley.
Sensor-censored radio.
Listener-censored radio station in Berkeley, California, and it's, uh, what's the show?
Okay, good.
Everybody.
Hey, wait. They heard us and they went away.
It's only bought us a little time, but before the battle begins again,
I want you to have peace.
Maybe they can help you.
What is this?
Yeah, thanks a lot, Hal.
Hey, do me a favor, though.
Would you return my EC comics before the world ends?
I'm sorry, I had to sell them.
Okay, Hal, well, you're a real pal, so let's just go kick the living
bean out of these monsters.
Safety off.
Okay, guys, let's jump.
Okay, the show's down there.
Let's get the tar and pour the hot tar.
Whoa!
If that didn't do it, nothing will.
We poured boiling hot tar all over the show.
And if that didn't destroy it, nothing will.
I think we're safe again.
Yeah.
And the show, you know, is just a show.
Ha ha.
Gravity motor is decreasing.
It's, uh, we need a program four here.
Ha ha ha.
We don't really want you to kill all the presidents.
Okay.
But seriously, folks, no, we really have to get down.
I want information.
I'm a news person, and I want some hard facts.
So let's start over here.
It's dead-eyed Brugos rudiment of a head shaking from side to side.
Ha ha.
You should have seen it.
Ugly as sin and a big dumb thing.
But we don't like these big dumb things that are as ugly as sin.
We want to banish them.
Banish them from our midst.
Make them steal away from our comforting campfire.
Out into the cold, eternal dark, where they orbit us eternally howling.
Lonely and cold in the blackness.
The darkness of the pure, ultra-black velvet night.
Oh, my friends, if I could only tell you what these monsters do for recreation,
you wouldn't wish to listen to this program ever again.
These monsters do not play by the rules we know.
These monsters do not play fair.
They are dealing from the bottom of the cosmic deck.
Let's take a look at one of these monsters at home.
Such a strange dream.
I used to think they all worked at the same time.
I used to think about something on the radio and to me.
What do you mean?
The feeling of...
A sense of foreboding.
Like something awful is about to happen.
I don't like this dream.
Hello again.
You go to something that says subgenius and you expect real music.
Or real anti-music or something.
I'm going to get her playing.
But I've heard better anti-music.
Yeah, me too.
Well, of course you have.
That's the idea.
Believe me, we haven't played better anti-music.
Now we're examining a typical monster.
About 40,000.
But we'll increase the magnification and go in with a search.
Hello, this is Nankar Feld and I'd like to remind you to stay tuned for more of Elevator Girls in Heat.
After this message from the Sons of Painful Lightning.
Take it away, dog.
There's a flame and then nothing.
Yes, that's the arm train.
Please do not touch it before it cools down.
On board was a stowaway.
Yes, Gary Garbrokian had stood away aboard his own tiny tape recorder.
And was on his way to that unfriendly planet to see for himself what was there.
Who goes there?
Who's in the corner?
Come off of that airlock.
Go away, Philo.
Yes, in fact, he's turned into a salesman almost equaling that of Dobbs.
If Dobbs was the saint of sales, Philo was the...
Vicar.
Vicar of sales.
Yes, that's right.
The vicar who does not dicker.
The suspense is killing me.
What would he want to sell us?
Sell you?
Actually, we're...
Probably a Yellow Page ad from the sound of your voice.
He's a subliminal salesman.
He has already made the sale and you have already paid.
What are you kidding?
Pretty bad, huh?
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
God cause me hyperpagy.
Stretch of time.
Oh, don't worry.
We're going to edit it all out when we send these snappy cassettes off to our friend.
What is Bob?
Bob's a salesman.
Just a salesman.
Well, he's a special person.
John Carroll said that Bob was a tree or a car or...
That's right.
That's what John Carroll said.
Whatever happened to that guy that wanted to marry me that he called up a long time ago?
He did.
You can call and be hung up on.
Just listen to your radio.
Yeah, I wanted to know which of the disparaging remarks against our president caused the
Secret Service to visit one of the subgeniuses.
I just had a question.
Anyway, it's my estimation of the age.
Dave?

Oh, this has been a long time.
Fifteen years later, shucks, Dave James came down to jail.
I'm not talking about that old relationship that wasумp in Zip.
I'm talking about ***


not so many new ones.
It's really a different show these days.
But back in them days, boy, there was some intense psychedelia that happened.
And I sure did enjoy it.
We just happened to get a new old stash of those.
One of our listeners out there, St. Dave Santovan,
whose mailings to us we do not understand in any way at all.
Sent me a stack of 12 KPFA tapes that I could tell by the handwriting
had come to him from puzzling evidence himself.
And now they've been sent back to me and shared with you,
whether you like it or not, whether it makes a damn bit of sense.
Actually, I kind of believe that it does.
And that's why we do these things.
But if it doesn't, you can always find out the basic core truth behind it all
by simply writing for free information from this religion.
The Church of the Subgenius.
And I'm about to give you that post office box number and email address.
That post office box number, friends, as you know, probably by now,
you can just write to Bob at
Post Office Box 140306.
That's Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
Yes, where we teach a mischievous president.
And that people who shoot at presidents.
That zip code, once again, 75214.
There, now you've heard it twice.
And for email, you can just simply send that little bit of data
to slack at metronet.com.
Oh, yes.
Well, let's see what else has been.
We've listened.
We've listened to a lot of subgenius and subgenius-related radio.
Most of the last 15 or 20 minutes was edited by puzzling evidence, I think,
and played at some point there in Berkeley, as I say, about 12 years ago.
But now...
Good evening, friends.
Good evening, friends.
This is Evan Rockingham.
Tonight I bring for you a fight to win.
This is a time of a great war, friends.
Today we're here.
Today we're here.
Today we're here.
We're here.
And we're here for the invasion.
But we're here to win.
We're here for the arms of the population.
We're here to fight.
We're here to start.
We're here for the onions.
We're here for the allergic.
We're here for the back.
We're here for the begins.
We're here for the end.
And today, we're living for the reasons nobody anders.
So now there's only one thing we're here for aquí.
We're here today to lead another war.
And to bring death as a Steinbach.
Now I'd like to thank my friends atобщach.
And to remind you that we have to do this every week.

And you have to definitely listen the following.

There is the true word of Bob in Revelation X.
Turn to page 50.
The great big black letters appear in the following passage.
All normality must be cleansed from the face of the earth.
The text goes on to read,
Normality is what really averts unnatural disease and evil.
Now, there are many interpretations of the word Bob,
and then there are the hardcore Simjee,
except Simjee is fundamentally the dirty king and the Bob.
And yes, friends, I am one of those.
And from this passage, I will take my cue.
Seven, seven, speaks to life.
Seven down on Benedict.
Taste the whip.
In love not given lightly.
Taste the whip now before me.
Taste the whip now before me.
I am tired.
I am weary.
I sleep for a thousand years.
A thousand dreams that would awake me.
Different colors made from the two worlds.
Different colors made from the tears.
Different colors made from the tears.
Different colors made from the tears.
