The Hour of Slack!
The Hour of Slack!
Next up, you saw Andrew the Impaled last night and his pain, his toolbox, his fire.
And last night he tended to hurt himself.
Well, in a few moments we'll change that.
I'm sorry.


And he'll hurt you instead.
Yeah, we'll totally hurt you.
I saw you looking me up and down.
Then I saw you looking all around.
That cool guy at the bar, yeah, his name is Jim.
But he's got good taste so you ain't leaving with him.
And either guy's gonna make you feel good.
Not dwell upon the past.
Not dwell upon your faults like the other guys would.
Like your green teeth and your knobby ass knees.
What you really need is a fella like me.
Cause I got low standards.
I got low standards.
I got low standards.
Yeah, so why don't you get with me.
Now you might think that I'm very refined.
But I'm just looking for a kind of good time.
So what if you're bald and missing an eye?
I can look past it.
I'm that kind of guy.
A big old wart and you forgot your makeup kit.
Well, I'll just dim the lights a bit.
Wear diseases from your previous bows.
Don't bother me.
I got some of my own.
Cause I got low standards.
I got low standards.
I got low standards.
Yeah, so why don't you get with me.
That was good enough.
You got a lisp with every letter but N.
You say who and I say when.
You say most of you is starting to sag.
I say grab that colostomy bag and get into my car.
It's a piece of crap and just toss a Burger King wrap.
It's right in the back and we'll head off to your place or mine.
Or just find some parking lot shit that'd be fine.
Cause I got low standards.

I got low standards.
I got low standards.
I got low standards.
Yeah, so why don't you get with me.
I got low standards.
I got low, low, low, low standards.
I got low standards.
I almost forgot the last verse.
I'll chalk it up to a poor choice of words.
When you say that the Holocaust never occurred.
I'll chalk it up to a poor choice of words.
You think stem cells are part of your phone.
And that bathing is for those too cheap for cologne.
Well, I've got a can of Spray here.
To cover the smell and some ear plugs cause your voice is grating as hell.
Besides, the things you say
you must be out of your mind.
You make the guest on spring or sound like fucking Einstein.
But I don't mind, no, cause I got.
Low standards.
I got low standards.
I got low standards.
Yeah, so why don't you get with me.
I got low standards, I got low standards, I got low standards, yes.
What do you get with, what do you get with, what do you get with me?
Attention subgeniuses, attention subgeniuses.
The mutant mountain boys are in the house.
These mountain boys came from rough backgrounds in very poor Appalachian towns, and they were mutants.
Make more mutants.
Make love to your sister.
That was a new slogan given to us just the other day.
Is that what happened to you guys?
Anyway, friends, the mutant mountain boys have traveled between the worlds of the devos
and the church of devos.
They've been with the subgenius and the terrible wretched coal mines and salt mines of Appalachia
and Cleveland and even New York City.
And so, my friends, we are so glad that one more year they have survived the travails
and managed to get here and bring us yet another concert from the mutant mountain boys.
Hey, I heard you.
I heard you.

Rarr, rarr, rarr, rarr.
A hookah.
A hookah.
Rarr, rarr, rarr, rarr, a hookah.
You better pray holy Bob when you see those flying saucers.
Yes, I say.
Amen.
Amen.












You better start to pray
It's a sign there's no doubt
Of the trouble that's about
It may be the coming of the judgment day
They're a psychotronic sight
As they fly on day and night
It's a warning that we'd better mend our ways
Better pray, holy Bob
When you see those flying saucers
It may be the coming of the judgment day
Many people think the saucers
May be someone's foolish dream
But really they were sent from Planet X
If you like the music

You'll just stop and pray you've realized
Just what it means
To haze us with their sacred mutant sex
Though the war may be through
There's unrest and trouble brewing
And those flying saucers may be just a sign
That if Bob doesn't come
It will be the end of some
Most lack of today
You're running out of time
When you see a saucer fly
Like a comet
Through the sky
You'll realize the price you'll have to pay
Though the world may end tomorrow
And you may up and die
It may be the coming of the judgment day
But really they're not the end of the world
It's a warning that we'd better mend our ways
Better pray, holy Bob
When you see those flying saucers
Yes, I say, my friend
Better start to pray
When it hits the sun
There's no doubt of the trouble that's about
It may be the coming of the judgment day
We can take the next ranter.
Thank you.
Well, the next ranter can't be here tonight.
The good Reverend Roger, that poor son of a bitch,
is stuck in Tucson.
I think.
But he posted some notes on an inconvenient universe.
By the way, friends,
I'm not doing my old-timey hate rants much anymore,
partly because I have really good recordings of them
that they're most hateful.
And the main thing is I got slack.
And I write.

I write rants.
And they're really heartfelt.
But I don't share them because they're brags
about how much slack I got.
And I don't want everybody else to feel bad.
And I don't want to sound like I'm bragging exactly.
But at the same time, let me assure you,
if you ever wondered,
yes, it's true that when I was preaching about slack at my most heated,
I wasn't getting any slack.
And I wasn't totally sure if I ever would.
But I did!
Because I lucked out.
And so the moral of that story is there is such a thing as slack.
And every now and some, even an undeserving loudmouth
might end up getting it just by lucking out.
So don't kill yourself yet.
Even if you don't get it,
don't get the slack until the last five minutes of your life.
If you get five minutes of slack,
you'll be doing way better than most people ever do.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Meanwhile, thankfully,
there's lots of people that haven't really quite landed that golden ring of slack.
And they're still as full of hate as I used to be.
And their punctuation is at least as good as mine.
And one of those is the good Reverend Roger.
And I'm going to read this.
It's in three parts.
And I may just do part one and then see what happens
and come back and do part two.
But part one is like this.
So, let's say the dominant ideologues out there aren't flipping your wig.
You say it's because you think the parties are the same.
Equally corrupt, etc.
And that you'd like to see a third party.
In reality, of course,
most of what you're really saying is,
Look at me, sheeple!
A couple of points of order.
One, everybody thinks they are the sole conscious human in a world full of sheeple.
This is the same sort of egomania that makes people think they're the main character.
In both cases, everyone is wrong.
Two, everyone assumes that a third party would be the one that represents their interests.
Again, not going to happen.
Both because the people hollering about it are crazier than a shithouse rat.
And because any party with a high enough profile to get elected
has already been bought and sold by the same people that own the existing parties.
Given that,
why would they pay for three parties when you can get the illusion of choice with two?
You'll notice that the Green Party and the Reform Party mysteriously flew to pieces
when they became large enough to show up on the ballot.
Not that either of these points will stop or even slow down your average libertarian.
This is because the average libertarian has no motives in actually being successful in raising a party.
No, the average libertarian is out to score with chicks
and can't figure out why it isn't working no matter how much he talks about going galt.
Hence, it's because being a radical only works on women if you're a radical leftist
and only then for a very narrow window.
Radical rightists are boring.
For the rest of us, of course, this state of affairs is hilarious.
Is there anything funnier than a man making a great big show of reading Atlas Shrugged at Starbucks
quite obviously wondering why none of the women in the shop have chatted him up?
But the funniest thing about third party people is that they invariably turn into conspiracy freaks.
Chemtrails, HAARP, 911 truthers, FEMA camps, etc.
I think this has to do with the fact that when you make yourself believe one great whacking lie,
for instance, the existence of a free market, etc.,
it's suddenly easier to believe just about anything.
So you go to parties and tell everyone about the danger they're in
until it gradually dawns on you one day that none of your friends seem to throw parties anymore.
Silly sheeple.
From there, it's usually an alcohol-fueled ride to crazy town population U.
I gotta say it.
It must be rough living in a universe in which your flawless ideology,
whether that be communism or unrestrained capitalism,
doesn't work even though it makes perfect sense to you and ought to work and would work
if only people weren't such sheeple.
But it doesn't work, does it?
And yet here you are trying to explain it to people for the umpteenth time.
Rinse. Repeat.
Hey, wait a minute. Is he talking about me?
I'm the robot program to tell you that you're all a bunch of robots.
I like Princess Wee's phrase,
Wake up, sleeple.
And my phrase, quit snoring, sleeple.
It's more important.
So what now? Do I do part two?
I want a cookie.
tiver
What are you driving, breed?
Do you do Google Most追',
thingamabobies or what?

all your friends and all your co-workers?
Chances are, all of this behavior
is a symptom of the fact that
you're not expressing your anger.
We can assertively express our anger
if we handle our anger assertively.
We complain and complain and complain.
I'm angry.
So what do we do?
Wow!
I want rain.
I want to go home.
I want a cookie.
I want rain.
I want a cookie.
I want a cookie.
I want a cookie.
I want a cookie.
I want a cookie.
Am I really sorry?
Did I really do something bad?
Why am I apologizing?
I don't think I'm always wrong.
Do you?
Do people push your button?
Are they telling you that you're too fat,
too aggressive,
not nice enough,
or just hard to get along with?
Are they telling you that people
who grew up in Connecticut are stupid?
Do they tell you that you're weak?
Are you simply the person who gets the sand kicked in their face?
Negative, negative, negative.
Now you're angry, and now you have something to say.
I want a raise.
I want to go home.
I want sex.
I want a cookie.
I want a raise.
I want to go home.
I want sex.
I want a cookie.
I want a raise.
I want sex.
I want a cookie.
I want a raise.
I want sex.
I want a cookie.
I want a raise.
I want to go home.
I want sex.
I want a cookie.
I want a raise.
I want to go home.
I want sex.
I want a cookie.
I want to go home.
I want to go home.
I want sex. I want a cookie. I want a raise. I want to go home. I want sex. I want a cookie.
Jacob had 11 sons when he knocked up his secretary. He named the bastard Benjamin.
Of all the sons of his other sons, he hated them all. Rotten bastards. All except for Joseph.
Jacob tolerated Joseph because he'd snitch on his brothers and let Jacob read his porn magazines
and keep the kids off his lawn. So Jacob gave Joseph a really wild looking zoot suit. It was
all the colors of the rainbow. One day, Jacob sent Joseph out to find his older brothers who
were supposed to be tending the flocks in Hackensack. Joseph was to tell him that he
wanted to stop fucking the sheep so much. So Joseph went and on the way, he met a strangely
dressed man smoking a pipe. It was J.R. Bob Dobbs. Bob asked Joseph if he wanted some magic beans,
but Joseph said no. Bob then asked Joseph if he wanted to buy a bridge in Brooklyn
or some land in Florida. And again, Joseph didn't fall for the bait.
Finally, Bob offered Joseph a drink. He said, I don't want to drink. I don't want to drink. I don't
want to drink. I don't want to drink. I don't want to drink. I don't want to drink. I don't want to drink.
Joseph offered Joseph a small square of paper with a small printed drawing of a star on it.
What is that? Asked Joseph. Why? It's the amazing Technicolor micro dot, replied Bob.
It'll get you tripping. Well, I am in for a long trip, said Joseph. Maybe this micro doc thing will
help me get there faster. Giving Bob 30 shekels, Joseph placed the micro dot under his tongue
and was soon transported to the hospital. He was then taken to the hospital. He was taken to the
hospital. He was taken to the hospital. He was taken to the hospital. He was taken to the hospital.
Joseph was taken to another world, a world of color and sound and lights and giant goats and talking
hedgehogs. And as he continued down the road, Joseph was amazed by all the colors he heard and the
sounds he saw. He had a vision of everyone bowing to him as king. And as king, he lived in Graceland
and would die on a toilet. This made Joseph hungry for a hunk of hunk of bucket of fried chicken.
Joseph's 10 brothers saw him coming down the road and his colorless,
colorful zoot suit visible miles away. Joseph's oldest brother, Glenn, said, shit, here comes a
rainbow boy. The next brother, Rush, said, I know, let's mug him and blame it on the Jews and the
blacks. So all the brothers hid behind a rock and Joseph came out stumbling down the road singing
Hendrix tunes. As he passed a rock, the brothers jumped out. Joseph, seeing 10 and large, fat,
in Papa John's uniforms, tried to run, but was soon on the ground getting the shit beat out of him.
The brothers took Joseph and sold him to a nearby pig farm. Later that day, they went home and told
Jacob how Joseph was mugged and raped over and over by bands of Mexicans for seven years.
Jacob shrugged. Big deal. I gotta got tired of his little kiss ass anyway. Hey, who wants Scrapple?
The end.
Mama Rachel has something to say.
Come on and wobble up here. Everybody give Mama Rachel a round of applause.
Hello to all those people I cannot see. I was encouraged by Reverend Suds to entertain you
with one of my many skills.
Yes, yeah.
Non-sexual at this point.
I'll give you a touch of that.
Yes!
I'll tell you what's sexual.
So here's one of my many performance pieces. I'm a little teapot.
It's already sexy.
Yeah.
I'm a little teapot, short and stout. Here is my handle, here is my spout.
When I get all steamed up.
Hear me shout. Tip me over and paw me out.
I also take requests.
Get me in more.
I think her real conspiracy name may be Rosemary.
Smirnoff.
He's a Smirnoff.
No!
No!

No!

It's Stang!
She's another Mercedes McCambridge. We can remake The Exorcist now.
Your hoods don't match, your work has in 1492.
I wake up screaming at the three minute mark.




I'm dreaming of you.
Your teeth have twins, your growing fins.
They love you at the zoo.
I wake up screaming at the dreaming of you.
Your ears are much too oversized.
Your nose is quite the riddle.
Your eyes are too big.


But I'll confess.
I love your eyes, especially the one in the middle.
You're not so hot with what you've got.
Your parents you should sue.
I wake up screaming at the dreaming of you.
I wake up screaming after dreaming of you.
I wake up screaming after dreaming of you.
I don't know why I'm so scared.
I'm not even in the mood.
I'm not scared.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.





And hopefully that's what we've been doing for the last 35 years.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Everybody give Fight Sataj a round of applause.
Thank you.
La, la, la, la, la, la.
Dear friends
And dear Princess Wee
That was Reverend Feit C. Taj
Before that, of course, it was Fat Man D
Spelled P-H-A-T, Man D
Before that, Reverend Rachel Wierdigan
Before that, Priestess Pisces reading
The Technicolor Microdot
By Reverend Richard Scull
And before that, Evolution Control Committee
That was the cut-up one about I Want a Cookie
All recorded at 17X Day
Ah, yes, and there'll be
Next week we'll play yet more
Those are all bands that played at 17X Day
And great recordings there
Reverend Suds Pasha did the
The
The
The bands and I recorded the ranters, usually
It's the way that generally works
So, ah, yes, yes, yes
Um, oh, I have a little rant here
About the internet that I got from the internet
It's short
Reverend Irazu wrote this originally
And it's called The Blog of the Subgenius
And it goes like this
In fact, I'll turn the music down
I picked the damn lunch of the gods off a menu
I post images I didn't even make myself
Step aside, all you butt-lipped, neurotic, insecure
Be-spectacle members of the opposing political party
I capture photons reflected off of my children
And I upload those imprisoned wave particles
I drink beers
I drink beers

I'm frustrated
I sit with soup and nothing else




I drink it

Don't you drink it


I swear on my mother's nainental
I have good president


than Aphrodite and more duck lips than Daisy Duck's panties. I bend the entire digital
information infrastructure to my whims to let you know I was at a place.
Law. I define myself with quizzes. I whiz myself when I see a cute kitten. Now get...
And that's where the character limit runs out. Sorry, Princess Wee, I had to keep you potted down
so that they could hear the rant. I can't help it. Erazu really got me on that one.
Yeah, that's the internet, folks. A beautiful, beautiful sentiment there, actually.
Yes, indeed. I'm staying off the internet for a month, I've decided. Of course, it helps that
we're...
Going to be traveling and also that we're in the middle of moving. We're moving Princess Wee's...
Well, the Queen Mum's space apartment. And we're moving our own fannies to far, far away.
Beautiful, beautiful Germany.
Yes, beautiful, beautiful Germany.
I'm not sure what is going to happen there, but I will no doubt be German and have lots of drinking songs.
The stuff in the background I'm going to be playing for the next half hour.
Kunz sings German university songs. However, these aren't from modern universities from the year of 1955, round about that time.
You know, I really should know better than to be playing foreign language stuff that I don't understand the words of.
Every time I've ever done that on the Hour of Slack...
I've gotten in trouble.
Once it was Hitler and somebody complained they didn't get it. They thought we were Nazis and we were actually making a point about Nazis, of course, as you know.
And then there was a time I had a guy... I wrote a piece for a Vietnamese dude to read and it really upset the South Vietnamese people in Dallas.
Because to them the war was still on.
Oh.
And likewise, if you were Lonesome Cowboy Dave, the war would still be on for you too.
I think.
I think.
It's my nasal passages once again reverence.
Oh, your nasal passages?
I think they've embedded something in there.
You know, more than like a malodorous cag from the hinterlands.
It's an actual plumbing job that I don't want to go into.
I think my whole forehead's involved.
Are you blaming this on me, Dave?
Pardon?
Did you just say you're blaming your forehead on me?
No, I didn't mean to personally blame you on my forehead.
I was blaming my forehead for what I just want you to be aware and everyone else to be aware that my forehead is very strange right now.
Dave, I'm afraid I have news for you, man.
Afraid you have to what?
That's not news to us.
That your forehead is strange.
In fact, Dave, you'll be glad to know I've got kind of a fan, well, it was a fan review of you.
Who did?
I fa-
What did?
Your hearing is getting worse than mine, isn't it?
No, it's the reception is very bad. You sound cold.
Oh, no. Well, that's your phone's fault. You sound fine to us.
Yes.
Anyway, I was looking at the famous subgenius internet.
And there was a post from Paternostril that said LCD versus...
Oh, no.
What happened to Dave?
I don't know. Dave just hung up.
He just couldn't bear the idea of hearing anything nice said about him.
I guess I'll drop that line and maybe he'll call back in a second.
I hope he calls back.
We'll just kick back and...
Would you think that that forehead problem that Dave was talking about...
That he was having was a real forehead problem or a prosthetic forehead problem?
Oh, well, here he is back again. Let's find out.
Dave?
Yes?
Dave, did you...
I'm sorry about that.
Your forehead is acting up again.
That, see, that's... Now, there's the connection between all forms of telecommunications in people's foreheads.
But I don't know what it is. And I'm sure you don't either, do you?
Actually, I do because I saw a great movie called...
The Case of the... No, what was it?
The Screaming Forehead movie.
No, the...
The...
The Screaming?
The something... Well, something about the screaming forehead.
Something about the screaming forehead, yes.
Trail. Trail of the screaming forehead.
Oh, yeah, yeah. I've heard that, yeah.
Yeah, it's a movie about foreheads that take over the world.
It turns out that the seat of intelligence is in the forehead.
And the foreheads can go crawling around on the ground.
The movie opens with a guy discovering a crawling forehead.
You mean a forehead on itself crawling on the ground.
He discovers it, takes it to Washington, files a patent claim, and develops an arterious sclerosis of the brain.
Something like that.
Something like that.
To some small degree.
Well, now, I was... Just when you rudely hung up on us on purpose...
I was in the middle of trying to read to you a...
Well, it's not exactly a fan letter, but some people said nice things about you, Dave...
Well, let...
...in subgenius land.
Would you like to hear them?
Yeah, rather than seemingly angrily hang up right at the point where, you know...
Yeah, right when we were about to say something nice, finally.
Okay, here's... First, it's a quote from, I guess, from Dangerous Minds.
Neil Young said of Charles Manson, okay...
He had this kind of music that nobody else was doing.
He would sit down with a guitar and start playing and making up stuff different each time.
It just kept coming out, coming out.
Then he would stop and you'd never hear that one again.
Musically, I thought he was very unique.
I thought he had something crazy, something great.
He was like a living poet.
Well, that did describe Charlie Manson.
But as Potter Nostril said, this could easily describe Lone Cow Dave.
Well, not since I got back from Vacaville.
I was still, you know, held up there for a while.
But you learned under Charles.
You know, with the sex change operation.
Well, then after Potter Nostril pointed out the obvious similarities between you and Charlie Manson...
...and the jailed killer and cult leader, Reverend Louie Louie chimed in and said...
...I've always thought of Lonesome Cowboy Dave as the Church of the Subgenius' own personal Jonathan Winters.
Isn't that nice?
Who's dead, by the way.
Yes, after hanging himself from a flagpole.
Ever since Jonathan Winters died...
...there's been this similarity to you in the minds of Reverend Louie Louie, I guess.
Well, I've tried to set sail in nude many times.
With scant clothing, anyway.
Much like he did.
Now you're not turning me on.
At all.
No, I'm not happy either, at all.
Eh. Oh. Eh. Oh.
Eh. Oh. Eh. Oh.
What?
So, yeah, Dave, yeah. I just don't know what to tell you, man.
Well, tell him thank you very much, or I'll just say it publically right now, without a frown on my face, as happy as I can...
...thanks, guys and girls, for...
...supporting the efforts of these small, feeble-minded...
...adults...
...who scour up the airways every very sunny night and...
meh.
Meh.
Meh.
Meh.
Kapooey.
That's what I feel about society, and I'm sure you do as well.
No.
Kapooey.
No.
Well, yeah, actually, yeah.
Yeah, I really, I just assume be killing monsters.
And not to help society.
It's just because I like to kill monsters.
I don't even dislike monsters.
I love them.
But they're monsters.
It's so fun to kill them.
And there's more where they came from, you know.
Every time.
And where love grows, staying is there with a sword, ready to disconnect it like a vowel sound.
Now, by monster, we could, it could be assumed that perhaps we really mean, oh, I don't know,
human beings or the subset pink boys, normals, normally warmly worms, you know, little mediocre
Barbie Dallas people.
Barbie Dallas.
Barbie Dallas milfs.
For sorority milfs that you really don't want to.
No, you don't even want to be in the same room with them because it causes a gag and revulsion reaction so quickly.
They're mean.
Don't tell me about it.
I had to videotape their Deb balls and coming out parties and stuff for weeks.
The let them eat Twinkies crowd.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.





















Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.















And so you had to show your disdain by urinating on her tire.
How did you just you're just guessing.
You just guessed that.
That was a good guess.
I got to admit.
There's no shortwave radio.
She's not listening.
I think.
Well,
Sheetzes may be a pronunciation that you got just from me.
I don't know that the sheets gasp.
I like to say that.
I know it's just called sheets with a Z.
I think they do call it sheets.
But I like to say Sheetzes.
Sheetzes.
Didn't that what you used to say when you were a kid?
Yes.
Well, that's from my Pennsylvanian friends.
Right.
Sheetzes don't exist all over the whole country, so many people wouldn't want to know.
No, it's Eastern Ohio and Pottsville, Dorphea, I think.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They had pretty good sandwiches in there, though.
Yeah, but they have to make all those, you know, noises.
I know.
Just say their name is embarrassing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Especially if you're Hispanic or something.
People could take you out.
But tonight at the Blue Room Ballroom, there is nothing more and nothing less than a fine
selection of silverware from Herman's Weldon Lighter.
Herman's Weldon Lighter has been making fine furniture and used carcasses for the last
75,000 years.
And if you want to come down, ladies, you can try it right now.
This is the...
This is the best thing I've ever seen.
Because I thought you were doing commercial radio show.
Yeah, right.
So we got to do commercials every now and then.
Yeah.
Oh, actually, it's...
Princess Wee and I can't wait for this hour to be over because then we can go home and
go to bed because we've been working, believe it or not.
I know that's an unusual thing to hear from subgeniuses, but we've been trying to pack
up everything that the queen mom owns on her...
Space apartment in Rabbiton in preparation for hauling it all to Cleveland Bluffs, where
we have to set it all up so we can keep an eye on the old gal, you know, because they
get kind of feisty, these space queens, queens of outer space and stuff.
They get weird as they get older.
Yeah, they like to walk around 3 a.m. in the morning and I think it's 3 in the afternoon
and get confused and stuff.
Yes, she's through her power years.
The power years were between 50 and...
I think 70.
Those were power years?
Yes, those were her power years.
Oh, my God.
Yes, yes.
That means those are my power years.
Now she's sort of in the...
What I guess you would call the floaty years.
Floaty?
Float.
With an F. Float.
Sort of just floating through life.
Yeah, well, when you're 85, that's kind of a good approach, I guess.
I think so.
Yeah, rise, inflate, float above it all.
Oh, man.
Relax and kill monsters.
Maximum desert nose, man.
Remember the aroma.
Like, you know, Minerva lives...
You know what I mean, man.
I remember the aroma.
I found a dirty book that your mom and dad had, Princess Wee.
And I brought it.
I stole it from the apartment.
I brought it here.
It's called The Sexual Relations of Mankind by Montegaza.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Yes, my parents.
My parents were quite authorities on such subjects.
Here, I'm going to open it at random and read it.
Well, you wouldn't be here right now, neither would your brothers.
That's right.
Actually, this is about all of the...
That's all the expertise you need.
I'm sorry.
Change.
Well, this is...
Okay.
This is written for space queens and princesses.
So that's why it's called The Sexual Relations of Mankind.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So that they'll know how the humans do it.
But here's a sentence I just picked at random.
Hmm.
Christ came into the world a second time to redeem humanity and to teach castration.
What?
Yeah, that's what I said.
What?
That's what he's reading it from the book.
Have you ever heard of a Russian sect called the Skopts?
S-K-O-P-T-S.
The Skopts.
Skopts.
Well, do they go back to Leninist days or the drink of water theory?
I know if you know of Skopts, you've probably heard of the drink of water.
That was going around.
This goes back to the time of Catherine the Great.
Oh.
And Alexander I.
So they were sexual.
They were Russian.
They were really, really devoted type of extreme Greek Orthodox who would chop off their wee-wees
and have the ladies mutilate their breastages in order to become pure, the just, the full.
The white doves.
The whitewashed, they called themselves.
Yeah.
Well, this is what led to the communist drink of water theory in the early days of the revolution.
Apparently, repression was so bad that they concluded that sex is so normal that, you know,
it's like breathing or something.
You need a drink of water.
You should do it right there.
And people were allowed to have sex on the bus and publicly in other places because they
needed a drink of water.
But sex was scientific.
Socialist thinking in the day.
Today.
This was way different from that.
Yeah.
Let's see.
The fact, however, cannot be denied.
It'll be a little easier to explain when we reflect that the Scots are in control of enormous
wealth and they employ all manner of seduction in attracting to themselves the poor in spirit
and even more the poor in pocketbook who, by mutilating a single organ.
However important it may be, thereby assure themselves of a lifelong competence.
Competence?
Yeah.
A poor competence, it said.
Well, they used a little lead thing in their urethra to control their wee wee.
A poor peasant was once lamenting the fact that he did not have the price of a drink when someone remarked to him,
go see two scoptics and let them castrate you and you will have all the money.

You want.
So I guess Russia is a strange place.
Where eunuchs are capitalist entrepreneurs.
We can all go there tomorrow.
I mean, sometimes real soon and take pictures and stuff.
We get the story because that's kind of weird.
Don't you think?
Very well.
Listen to these screaming scoptics in the background.
It obviously hurts.
And here's some good statistics.
As to the degree of mutilation, the fact is that the only way to do that is to have








a mutilation determinable in individuals.
Of the men, 588 had everything amputated, 833 the testicles only, and 62 had mutilations of various sorts.
Among the women, 99 were found with amputation of the breast and pudenda, 306 had their breasts missing, 182 were lacking in nipples,
251 had only their genitals mutilated,
and 108 showed mutilations of various sorts.
So you can let your imagination just run wild there, Dave.
But these were things people did.
You're already killing me over here.
It's just not the kind of thing that my imagination likes to go run wild with.
Yeah, really.
Well, it allowed them to concentrate.
You hide under a bridge somewhere and, like, get into the fetal position is what you do
when you hear this stuff.
Well, apparently it helped them concentrate on making money
and it made them better Christians.
Some rap guy did that to himself a couple of months ago.
He was tripping balls, but he can't do that anymore.
Because he doesn't have any?
Yeah.
Do you remember the art of Schwarzkogler in the early 80s?
The artist who was in one of his performance pieces,
he was falling down 20 flights of stairs.
He also chopped off his penis.
And then what?
When his art career was over, he was, like, going,
what the...
Yeah, kids, kids, stay off the straw,
because it'll just make you do terrible things.
Yeah, don't get those lead implants.
I learned a whole bunch of new youth culture terms at X Day, 17X Day,
because there was so much youth there.
Youth.
Which one of them?
I heard you and Priestess Pisces talking about the straw,
but I don't know anything about it.
I'm not cool enough to know that.
Don't worry about it.
Live by the straw, die by the straw, what does that mean then?
Because I've heard that and I don't know what it means.
Because I'm, you know...
I don't know nothing either.
Well, what is the straw, man?
Straw man, no.
Right, exactly. Now you got it.
Well, at the campground, they were telling us to stay,
stay off of the straw with our cars, is what it came down to.
And it turned into a, you know, a meme, one of those memes,
where you go, yeah, man, stay.
Hey, man, stay off the straw.
But we already did this on a show you didn't hear, Dave.
So we're repeating ourselves.
Well, blame my vocal cords and my earlobes for the great thunder that's passing through.
Not, I didn't mean to.
The great thunder?
You didn't meme to?
No, I certainly did not mean to.
And you can just take back everything you, everything you,
everything you've been saying about everyone.
Because it's not right.
Uh, yes. Yes and no.
Cool.
Well, so what do you think about current events, Dave?
I think, uh...
Boy, you're...
Uh-huh, that's what I thought.
Uh-huh.
See, they bleeped it.
See, you can't, they will not let Lonesome, because he's so much like Charlie Manson,
they, they being Obabo, the preseserp, won't let Dave speak.
Right.
And in fact, this show ends pretty soon, and you'll have to stop speaking then again.
But I can go on snorting the straw or collecting my wits about me.
Like in a little pile.
Although, although, Dave, uh, we're, we just got word that this show is going to continue
after 10 o'clock, because the replacement for Dr. Sinister has not been manufactured yet.
So we're gonna have to, we're gonna have to, to, uh, I'm gonna pretend to end this show
in four or five minutes, and then we will continue recording.
And just do whatever we want to with it.
So let me try to do a thing here, Dave, where I play about three and a half minutes of a
rant, and, well, actually two and a half minutes of a rant by a first-time ranter.
Then we'll come back and play a little bit of that terrible band, Arm, the, uh, Arm,
Arm...
Arm Jenny.
Arm Neji.
Arm Neji.
Arm Neji front.
Arm Neji.
I keep wanting to say Arm Menji, but it's the Arm Neji front, and they're amazingly
practically bad.
But first, let us play this rant.
So serendipitous.
And I'll push drop on Dave, and I'll drop this audio here, and then I have to make sure
and push the right, just the right button to hear the rant of...
I like it when you push that button.
...Reverend Scapegoat.
Settle down, Princess Wee.
...with Mama Rachel that if she would come up here and do her thing, that I would do it.
I would have to do it.
So...
Oh, yeah.
At the very least, that's what this was worth, whatever comes out of my mouth right
now, and...
Good, yeah.
So I was told by the young'un on this side of the stage to rant about something that
makes me angry.
And...
What makes you angry?
What are you feeling?
Why are you so angry?
I'm not angry.
That's the problem.
I'm not angry right now.
Why not?
You sound angry.
I'm disappointed.
Can you be that angry?
I'm disappointed.


You're angry here?
Really?
Yeah.
I could keep eating the balls if you want, Bob.
Don't give me a reason, goddammit!
You sound angry.
That's what I'm saying.
It's a good...
This is my first X Day.
This is a great time.
There we go.
Tear it from the newbie.
Anyway.
Now you know why we're angry.
What?
Get angry again, dammit.
Ah!
What are you?
What are you, this young dipshit trying to rant?
Holy sh...
Can't you just...

...for a walk in the woods, boy?
Hey, my...
My...
My...
My...



Oh, really?
Blah, blah, blah.
You know, if you want to talk and get in line, that's how fucking easy it is.
You just stand in line, they let you up there.
There was no, you know, background check of what I was going to say when I got up here.
They just let me up.
I got more...
Great Bob!
I can walk and they're like, oh, yes, totally, come out and talk.
That was all the way over there when I got a text that, hey, just come up and rant.
No, I shouldn't.
Get in, Rick!
What?
Do it!
Fine!
Whatever you want to say, just say.
Use the satisfaction.
What do you mean, you want to say?

I'm here with my boss, my boss, my boss.



You know, this is the last one.
I'm here with my boss.



Goddamn it!
What's the last one to piss you off?
This is not worse.
This is not worse.
I come in here trying to be nice and talking about how good of a time I'm having, how everyone's
so accepting, and you started yelling.
And he's not putting you down.
Yes, it does.
Which I guess is the point.
So good work, everybody.
You've got to apologize, mate.
Fart to the mud.
That was nice.
flexible. I don't think it goes down that far.
Oh, you look pretty
flexible. Yes, yes.
We've got a couple of guys.
Jeez.
You know, you can take your
sass and bring it up here, and you can
deal with this shit.
Because it's pretty fun.
Yeah.
That's a good noise. I probably shouldn't break this.
It's still not mine, but you know.
It's good to sit.
There's a bunch of them growing around. Yeah, this is a really nice
one, though. It's got character.
It's a fan.
It really is.
I should totally steal it from him when he dies.
But that's not...
Anyway!
What's the fucking point?
What's the point?
The stick is out of here.
Praise fucking Bob!
Yes!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That was,
yeah, that's what happens
when you
are dead.
To rant at 17
X Day or any X Day
drill for the first time.
Reverend scapegoat,
I had to really chop that up
for the broadcast
radio audience, but now
another thing
that happens at
X Day is along with all the
really good bands, then there's the
bands that are so
anti-music that they're
kind of great.
And yes,
horrible and everybody liked this band except me of course
what have you done pisces
and friends uh that was the arm neji front at 17 x day and this has been the hour of slack number
1 478 best of x day 2 for more information
about subgenius church or the x day drills or x day itself you can check out subgenius.com
all you have to do is know how to spell subgenius you don't really have to be a genius for that
but some subgeniuses might need a dictionary
praise bob praise bob
la la la la la la la
for tire
there is no more money
we gotta get some money
that dirty purkish harkaback flack and wharton philip bunka burton perkaluma burton
thurton boston
friends we're glad you listened to this show and we're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months
not just this show but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites
but if you truly love bob
and want some of that slack back to rebound to you you should go to subgenius.com front
page
or especially the radio page or the catalog store pages and help out financially as best
you can now we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty and we don't want
any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse but some of you still have jobs even
five bucks makes a big difference even if it's only five bucks a week an hour or more


once a month from enough of you.
50 bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
blowjobs could go the way of Steve Jobs
if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders
to Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118
Thanks for anything you can do
to help let there be slack.
Sex, money, Bob!
Bob!

