Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty purgish harker, that black wharton.
You people think we just improvise this stuff.
From the keyboard and stuff.
But no, we have to rehearse this stuff all week long.
And we have to ride this bicycle treadmill that runs the electric generators that make the power spew out over the airwaves.
Out into the invisible air where your ears pick up the rare material.
And strange music that this station plays.
Such as the hour of slack.
Stuck in an availability room somewhere deep beneath the surface of the earth.
The Reverend Ivan Stang, made of pure cream cheese and three pieces of toilet paper.
Has rebuilt his entire personality from a foam-like mug distributed by the Church of the Subtenuous Truth.
I'm screaming for this paper cup as much as I can and it's just not getting out of the...
Welcome to the hour of...
Nothing.
Slack.
Slack.
We had such a good cue there, I thought maybe you could use it.
No, I don't care about...
I don't care about creative...
Death.
That's all you need to buy...
There's only one thing that matters between birth and death.
And that's donating...
To this station of keeping on...
This station will be hauled off dead in a casket tomorrow if they can't pay their electrical bills.
And long to come, we'll have to quit writing those scripts because no one will be able to pay $75,000 a year to do this show.
It costs money to do these kinds of elaborate productions, friends.
But friends, it's not real money.
It's the kind of money that you need to make your life twirl around like a little Twinkie stick.
It's the kind of money they give you and...
Outer space.
The kind of money from deep, deep in the cosmos.
It's not...
I know I've convinced somebody and the number to call...
Nothing is flaccid and tricky.
6-8-7-6-9-hundred.
6-8-7-6-9-hundred.
...sophonic money.
The kind that'll bring you a long-sleeved shirt.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty Turkish architect, Black Morton...
They're here.
A minute.
It's showtime.
Time for the subgenius hour and a half.
The show that dare not even exist.
Join us now as we rocket away out of normal time into showtime.
It's mysterious, evil, spooky, eerie, creepy, wacky, kooky, fun.
It's the subgenius hour and a half.
Swag.
And here we got the brains of the whole operation.
Faster signal goes out from here to the satellite.
We're bumping out all over the world.
Pretty fancy, huh?
Not too big a weather, Mr. Seller.
You're buying time.
Time, friends.
Because Mr. Moneybags...
He's paying a salary.
A salary?
He throws in a hundred bucks a week and consequently I can't preach against drinking because...
Because his ass box is full of...

I hope he's talking about you, my friend.
Frappy.
Pay us not to preach about beer.
Because they all smoke.
I have to let them out for 15 minutes between Sunday school and worship service
so they can go out and light up a Chesterfield or something or the end of it.
And what kind did Jesus smoke, friends?
It's time to open your heart, close your mind, unzip your lips, and bend over
because you're about to receive the word of Bob.
And pull out that wallet, friends, because it is pledged.
It's pledge drive time.
Praise Bob.
It's either the last pledge drive for a while or the last hour of slack.
This could be your last chance, folks.
I thought you boys understood.
It's business.
That's all it is.
You still don't get it, do you, boys?
There ain't no countries anymore.
No more good guys.
They're running the whole show.
They own everything.
The whole damn planet.
They can do whatever they want.
What's wrong with having a good for a change?
And they're going to let us have a good.
If we just help them.
They're going to leave us alone.
Let's make some money.
You can have a little taste of that good life, too.
I know you want it.
Hell, everybody does.
Everybody does.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
It is, in fact, pledge drive time.
And that number for you and everyone else you know to call is in Cleveland.
6-8-7-6-9-100.
And you can remember that because it has a 69 in it.
That's a secret number.
It means that's like when two little rabbits get into each other's rabbit holes.
And friends, WCSB, this station referred to herein, hereafter as this station,
can, in fact, and must be reached at that phone number.
216.
216.
6-8-7-6-9-100.
If you were to call this station now, you would speak to, possibly, to Princess We Are Doe herself.
The queen of all the UFOs.
You might be speaking to some yeti.
If Lonesome Cowboy Dave ever shows up, why, you might even be speaking to him.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
And since he's not here yet, that gives me a really good time to talk about the pledge.
And I know you want to help us look good in the eyes of the station.
You know, it's a student station.
I'm not exactly a student.
Friends, it's so you know what you must do.
You must help.
You must help.
And you think how we can help you.
When you donate, such as a $15 pledge and up,
you can get your choice of a bunch of premiums.
I mean, these are actually pretty good deals for $15.
You can get a Bob Bumper sticker.
That's a premium.
That goes with any pledge that you give to the hour slack.
Bob Bumper sticker.
It says, I'm mad to Bob on it.
And you are, aren't you?
There's plenty to be mad at in this world.
There's still some left over from last pledge drive of the X-rated,
actually triple X-rated hours of slack.
CDs.
We would sell that for $15 out of our catalog.
But you can get it for $15 and the station gets all the money.
Because we donated that.
Friends, friends, there's all these great logo emblazon things
with the WCSB logo to show off that you do, in fact,
listen to the coolest station in the world.
You can get an ashtray for your $15 premium.
A little bit of a discount.
A 2001 t-shirt, a coffee mug.
For $20, you can get the metal travel mug.
Yes.
It's impermeable, impenetrable.
It's invulnerable.
And for $25, there's a baseball cap, a knit winter cap, all this stuff.
You can get shot glasses with the $25 pledge.
Long sleeve t-shirt with a $30 pledge with a big logo on it and so forth.
And all the way up to $75.
Drop $75.
Think what it'll do for you and you'll get the hoodie.
But even for $15 mere, my friends, there's all these other premiums.
Besides the WCSB and Bob stuff, you can ask for certain spare CDs
that they have laying around here.
And I'm going to give you a list of what they have, among others,
that you can ask Princess Wee.
When you call up 687-6900, that's 687-6900 in the 216.
Cleveland area code.
You can get your hands on, you can be the person who gets one of these CDs
by bands that we've played on the Hour of Slack, such as Evolution Control Committee.
Their album, Plagiarism Nation, is sitting here waiting for your $15 pledge.
Stinking Lizaveta, Caught Between Worlds, is here.
James Kochalka, Superstar.
A big fave of mine with his album, Our Most Beloved.
There's only one each of these.
So if you call in and pledge, you can have this mailed to you
when you send in your check or money order, you see.
You can also donate online using a credit card.
You cannot call 687-6900 with a credit card number.
You can give your address to Princess Wee there.
You can come to the WCSB.
The Open House, November 18th from 3 to 8 o'clock on Friday, November 18th.
Or Sunday, November 20th from 12 to 4.
I can't be here, unfortunately.
Nucleon's album, Hyper Emitter.
Nucleon is a Cleveland band. It's great.
They fly through outer space, out of control, careening on LSD.
Freakouts.
Friends, the Billy Nair Show CD.
The soundtrack.
The soundtrack of American Astronaut, which I've been playing a lot lately.
That's a great movie.
And it's a wonderful soundtrack.
The Billy Nair Show, by the way, will be at 9X Day.
Yes, the subgenius, fantabulous love fest called X Day.
This will be our ninth one.
Ja? Ja, we say.
We say ja to X Day 9.
Ah, yes.
Oh, another Cleveland band that we've played.
On our Slack, Kirkendall Void.
Their CD, Graveyard A Go-Go, is yours for $15 pledge.
At calling in here at 687-6900.
Or, how about Dolly Parton?
Those were the days.
Opeth, Ghost Reveries, and Paul Krasner's comedy album, We Have Vays of Making You Laugh.
Paul Krasner was in the studio on this show.
Not long ago.
And, yes, friends, this is all yours.
By the way, Paul Krasner's book is fabulous.
His new book, One Hand Jerking, is really funny.
Friends, if you need to, I'm going to give the address of WCSB, the physical address,
where you can go ahead and mail that check or money order right now.
And I'm talking to you by Internet.
You Internet listeners out there, I know there's at least 30 or 40 of you tuned in right now.
And you're thinking, well, I can't call WCSB, but I'd love to send them some money.
Here's what you do.
Write that check or money order to WCSB slash CSU Foundation.
CSU is short for Cleveland State University, I think.
And here's the post office box, my friends, as we fly in our K-Vorite-covered sphere to the moon.
WCSB.
WCSB.
P.O. Box.
9-3-1-8-4-8.
Once again, that's WCSB at Box 9-3-1-8-4-8.
Cleveland, Ohio.
4-4-1-0-1.
That's Cleveland, Ohio.
4-4-1-0-1.
P.O. Box 9-3-1-8-4-8.
Friends, if you are listening from Sweden, if you are listening from China, if you are listening from Japan, if you are listening from Iraq, send that money in to WCSB and put it to the name of Hour of Slack.
Because, you know, friends, if we don't start getting some of those calls coming in, I'm going to be forced to go back to my old pledge drive tapes.
And, in fact, I'm going to be forced to go back to my old pledge drive tapes.
I'm going to do that right this very moment.
You're going to make a million dollars.
Dear friends, this is your dear pastor, Reverend Ivan Stang, calling out to you from the depths of my heart.
And I can see so many of you sitting there hovering by your phones, waiting.
Now, the phones are ringing here.
We're doing great.
This time we've got all the beautiful girls, the mighty studliest of genius men.
Ministers sitting here waiting to catch your call.
They're all busy.
But if you get a busy signal, just call back again because we sure ain't going to turn down a bit of your money, dear friends.
You know that.
That's one thing you can always trust a bob.
Listen to those things going off in the background.
And so for all I know, maybe these.
Oh, yes.
Oh, we've got this is one of the callers that wanted to meet Reverend Stang at a cheap motel.
That comes with a $200 pledge.
Sire, there is no more.
More money.
We've got to get some money.
That dirty purgish hark of that black one.
Gorton blacking, macking, hacking, macking.
Ha.
Friends, I should mention some other pledge premiums because I'm just not hearing them phones ringing.
Don't you see?
I was asking for it, but I ain't hearing it.
And so get this.
Here's besides those albums that you can get for a mere 15 buck pledge.
And think how much more you can get.
With the $20 pledge.
There's also video tapes available, not DVDs, but VHS tapes.
Most of these were donated by Baron Nightwolf.
Our.
And yes, indeed, friends listen to these for for a $15 pledge.
You can get such new videos.
And this is just a small selection.
But I figured these are ones of the sub gene I would like.
The Hills Have Eyes.
Not of this earth.
1995 version with what's your name?
Petey Wheatstraw.
Petey Wheatstraw friends with Rudy Ray Moore as Petey Wheatstraw, the devil's son in law.
That is a low budget exploitation movie that must be seen to be believed by the great saint, the subgenius Saint Rudy Ray Moore, who I have personally met, by the way, I would like to add.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave has just entered the room.
Oh, here's some other for you.
Get two of these used.
Used videos for a $15 pledge, such as you can ask for these specifically.
Only one left.
Carnival of Souls.
Destroy all monsters.
Eve of Destruction.
1991.
The Frightening Peter Jackson's 2002 movie.
Legend of the Dinosaurs.
1893 movie.
The Monster of Piedras Blancas.
1959.
Phantom Planet.
1961.
And this is the one I want the most.
Twilight.
People.
1975.
A Filipino remake of The Island of Dr. Moreau.
Wow.
And Wild Wild Planet and Wild Wild Dave is here.
Where can you get an argument like that, especially when your head is square, your pocketbook is elongated, and yet your listening pleasure is far from orgiastic.
And, you know, where do you get gifts like that?
If we can call them gifts, maybe they're like sideways curses for the mentally disturbed.
That's about the only other place you can get them.
I mean, you know.
Is the mentally disturbed.
But you can get them.
It's the hipness of it.
I mean, it's just, you know, come on.
This is where you're going to get your, well, I don't know.
Did we mention the X-Triple-X rated hour of Slack for your $15 pledge?
You didn't.
You mentioned it earlier.
You called into.
Did we mention that phone number?
214-687-6900.
It's not 214.
To speak to Princess Wee.
Is it?
216.
216.
You were in Milwaukee for a second.
That's right.
I was in Dallas.
Yeah.
No, I was in Texas.
And we can, we'll go back to Texas in a little while.
When Gorgo lets us go.
When Gorgo.
But speaking of destroy all monsters.
Yes, Dave.
When you dial 216-687-6900, you can't think of monsters performing 69.
Please, please.
If you want to announce yourself from the rooftops as, you know, hoodlums or whatever
and stuff, that's fine.
But what about the gargantuous?
Maybe they, you know, they're humanoid.
Just for the, if you were like in a physical.
Physics or geometry and stuff.
Just for the pure radiation sickness of it.
You know what I mean?
Just the slamming and banging of the animals as they pledge themselves to oblivion.
Friends, you're animals too, just like us.
You need sustenance, just like this station does.
This station is an animal.
It's a shuffling beast.
Shuffling towards Bethlehem.
This monkey doesn't survive on peanuts.
Pennsylvania.
Yeah.
Towards Bethlehem, PA.
No, this station doesn't, is not a monkey.
This monkey does not survive on peanuts.
It will not be your big bad bitch.
It must, if it is to, what is it?
Survive.
Survive.
That's right.
It's like the.
For prevail.
Prevail.
To even prosper.
Because you could just survive like island of Dr. Moreau, but you want to prosper.
Yeah.
I mean, you want to live it up, baby.
You want to be able to dial 89.3 anytime, night or day and go, okay, that's my soul.
You know, that's my thing.
Well, you know, it could be that someday they could dial 89.3 and there'd still be
a station here, but it wouldn't be what they were expecting.
It'd be Rush Limbaugh, the 18th version of his daily show.
Followed by Hannity discussing what Rush said, followed by a, what's his name?
Peg, Peg, Peg, like wouldn't never followed by dead silence as an EMP shuts off all electronic
machines in the North American continent.
As the, as the emergency medical system transpires across all the way.
From the Canadian Arctic all the way down to Hexico is the whole planet shuts down.
You can hear the doors slamming.
Are you going to let that happen?
Or are you going to call the doors open station?
6, 8, 7, 6, 900 baby bath.
Be baby for 15.
Well, I guess they're not.
Okay.
I'm just going to go right back to, uh, I mean this, when this show ends, if you haven't
helped the station, what you know, as reality is going to come to a crashing halt.
Okay.
See what I mean?
We were playing that cherry music cause we wanted to be positive, but you know, frankly,
friends, positive thinking can kill you.
Uh, look where positive thinking has gotten most of the world.
So far, people say it, Reverend staying, he's a pessimistic booger, but frankly, I'm worried
that my most pessimistic predictions might turn out to have been in the long run, idiotically
optimistic.
And our fear tonight is that you out there taping this show will think, we'll think, oh,
well, uh, well, they'll stay on the air or not.
Whether I give or not, but folks, if you don't pledge the world will literally will literally
come to an end at the end of this hour.
If you, and I don't mean just some of you, I mean you, the one listening right now, oh,
you're laughing.
You're laughing.
It's going to collapse around your pathetic ears, but you nihilistic teenagers out there.
Oh, no future, man.
No future.
You know, that's why if the rival cult that wants these airwaves had this hour, they'd
erase 10,000 bucks by now.
And you know what they do with it?
They build concentration camps for the likes of you.
You abnormal.
You, you punk.
You old hippie.
You, you humanist.
You sub-humanist.






You genius.
So friends, you know, the money isn't just for the hour of slack.
It's for the totality.
That is this station.
It isn't just for us mutants.
It's for your very mind, your very soul.
And you wouldn't believe how close your soul is to being sold out.
Dear brother or sister between your job and the drugs and the lies.
Listen, you need every bit of slack you can hang on to, but we have a special form of
slack in store for you tonight.
Not stored in souls anywhere.
Folks.
And the type of slack you're going to be getting is guilt.
Guilt.
Tonight, we're going to whip us up some guilt.
And some of you are saying, oh, it's pledge time.
Reverend Stang's going to rant all night about money.
And you better be afraid that that's true.
Little Bobby, little gimme Bob out there.
At this level, our salesman can see the top of the ladder and as well on his way there.
Hey, praise Dr. Dark, who pledged.
Dr. Dark.
He's at $1998.
$19.98 or?
No, $1,998.
That's a new unreasonable record.
How can we top that from one collared green?
Here's how we can top it when we get one from Australia.
That's who just topped it.
The Reverend Chainsmurker, listening by internet, called all the way to Australia.



All the way in from that distant climb, that wombat-ridden land.
That wombat.
You could hear kangaroos in the background.
The sheilas and the roos are all humping together and rutting on the barbie of the
shrimp and all of that.
And friend, how come it is that we're getting calls from as so far away as Australia and
Cleveland, and yet we haven't heard from you?
We haven't heard from you, my friend.
You're our only friend.
We haven't heard from you.
We haven't heard from you.
Is it a moonless night, friend?
Is the wildebeest crying in your left ear, making you want to go things to your mucilaginous
passages you've never done?
Forget about that stance.
That stay-at-home, hate-the-ether way of thinking.
Get out there and pledge your numbers.
You've got to do something, and those numbers are 216-687-6900.
6900.
That's 6900.
I hope you're not going to get mad.

I hope you understand the significance of that pronunciation.
If you spell it the nuclear way.
Dave here has a pronounced speech impediment.
It's not an impediment.
Some not very well pronounced.
It's a highly-stylized way of expressing myself.
Hey.
And you could be on the radio too, just like us, if you could just bribe us with those
pledges, friends.
That's true.
We might even let the numbers of the, what, the evacuation?
The evacuation numbers.
Have you noticed that we read your number out on the air?
We give your home address?
Well, no, not that.
But certainly your church name.
Yeah.
Your entire church name.
And don't you want to talk to Princess Wee in person?
This is not a recording.
I mean, if you talk to Dave or me, we're just recordings.
She's real.
And when you call her, you not only get to pledge your monies, your hard-earned
scrids to a baseball cap for 25 premiums, a $15 coffee mug which says, uh, I'm going
to give you a coffee.






It's that, uh, Stang is a wretched cadaver.
No, it says WCSB, which stands for when kills Stang badly.
Well, how hip is that?
People come into your house, you give them a cup of coffee and it's got WCSB.
I mean, you know, people talk about local alternative and college radio stations as
if we had some hidden treasure here in smallburg peppy town, USA.
You know?
We do.
But isn't it true?
You're it, Dave.
You're it.
Oh, no.
They're it.
Are we it?
No.
They're it.
They're it.
vast listeners. Some of them
are a little bit too heavy and need to cut down
on that food a little bit.
That means you're it until you call in.
687-6900.
Third.
The Radio Fond
2005
begins on
noon Sunday,
November the 6th
and ends on noon Sunday,
November 13th
on Friday.
There'll be a special opening.
An opening.
You like openings,
don't you? Yes, orifices
everywhere. Creases.
Dents, grooves,
like the convolutions in your
dents.
How often
do we recognize
the importance of dents as
sexual
things?
Appurtenances or
a sexual...
There is an aspect, a sexual aspect
to the dent, just as there is an
opposing one to the bump.
And you can learn more
if you call and talk to the actual queen
of all the UFOs at
687-6900. That's the only
way for us to get your address
so that we can send you
the postcard that reminds you to
send the check to
WCSBCSUFoundation
at P.O. Box
9...
931-848
Cleveland,
Ohio
44101
Because you can do that,
friend. You can do that if you're listening to this show
by internet three weeks from
this pledge drive. If you're listening to this show
on one of our beloved other stations
such as WREK
in Atlanta or
beloved...
any of them, you can
still...
support your... your local
Hour of Slack station.
You say to yourself, I... I... I listen on the internet,
I live out in Wyoming...
Play that post office...
box back in...
however...
SEND IT!
SEND IT!
You could... you've got that stamp, you've got that pencil,
you've got that MP3 of this show,
write that address down, that's WCSB
P.O. Box
931-848
Cleveland, Ohio 44101
there's only one Clevelandite
who cares or knows anything, and that's WCSB.com.
All of our fans are from somewhere else.
That's why you, far away, have to send those trickles of surprise checks.
And you can always put some weird little extra clipping or statement in there.
A kissing mark on it.
Some random surrealism to confuse the nice volunteers here at the station from her mail.
We've received some absurd objects that, you know, have no explanation.
So please, you know, it's better off with the stained toilet paper going,
eww, than looking at something for three days and having to call in a nuclear, well, a...
Just do it!
Nuclear.
Remember, friends, these pledge-a-thons are like radio wars.
They seep down into the consciousness of the average citizen and make him not want to pledge.
But if you want to fight back against constipation, radio broadcasting,
flaccid, placid, overweight, understyled, incorrect,
overly easily understood...
Over, easily, easily, overly, overly easily understood radio.
Unlike this show.
Connect in now with 687-6900 and say,
I'll do virtually anything.
Do it.
And especially to piddle your exogenous zones.
If you'd like to taunt to the lovely princess we are...
Can't you taunt to her?
You're going to get more than an exogenous experience.
You're going to get an...
You're going to get an awakening.
That's going to thrill your sphincter and your family's collective sphincters
for thousands and thousands of years.
And I'm not exaggerating either, am I?
I'm probably exaggerating a little bit.
You can't exaggerate.
No.
There's no way of exaggerating the importance.
Look, if you pledge $75, we'll send you a hoodie.
Now, we all know that that means it's like a really cool sweatshirt
that says WCSB on it and stuff like that.
But in your...
In your sick imagination,
you could probably make it seem like some hoodlum was going to come to your house,
bark down your cattle,
cause cerebral damage to your grandparents,
and blame it on somebody else.
Or kill me.
Or kill me.
Or you could kill Bob.
Yeah, you could.
You could just do that instead of calling 687-6900
and just at least...
Look, even if you're lying,
even if you're one of those hypocrites,
she just wants to talk to Princess Wee
and have her take your number down,
go to a bunch of work,
and have some other volunteer...
send you the postcard reminding you.
And even though you have no intention of ever actually paying,
go ahead and call anyway.
Okay, I...
Because who knows?
You may decide that some...
Maybe suddenly you'll get a conscience.
Okay, Officer Sting, could you please step aside?
We have enough of the hard cop.
Bob, you want to come over here and tell them what they'll get?
I'm afraid nobody wants to do, Bob.
Right.
And Bob doesn't.
Bob doesn't want to come over here.
He's just looking at us now with a weird glare,
so I'm going to shut up.
There are people who want to do, Bob,
and those are the people you should really avoid.
I don't want to imitate him in his presence,
and if he doesn't want to talk, then...
But, okay.
Never he hardly ever does.
And when he does,
it usually is some message about Mars needs women.
He's stuck on that Mars and women thing.
And he'll go back there.
Venus doesn't need women.
It's got all the women it needs.
Venus isn't practically nothing but women.
It is a woman.
So wise up, man.
What are you going to be?
A Martian, a Venusian, or an Earthman?
Or a WCSB listener who calls in with that pledge right now?
It's just a pledge.
It's just a promise.
That's all.
What are you going to do when it starts raining
and you want to be the hippest encumbrance on your whole golf?
And you're just dry.
You're just a dried-up old raisin of a person.
You're going to need an umbrella to keep out the sun.
And you're going to need sunshine once the sun goes nova.
687-6900.
What more could we...
I mean, it all adds up.
It comes to that great fruition, that conclusion.
Everything points to that number.
687-6900.
And your pledge to that self-same number at this station.
The synchronicity is so vast,
it enloads you right as a zart in front of your nose.
Ha ha ha.
687-6900.

Okay, I'm going to give them no more chance,
and we'll just play this...
I'm going to call the same policeman that I was trying to get in
and go out and arrest some of these slackers,
and I say with a small L in the background.
Right, that's it.
The small S for slacker.
These aren't real slackers.
And have them brought down here and give me $40.
And I promised to pledge $20 for a white or black logo shirt,
and then use the rest of it to buy a beer.
I was going to...
I am seriously thinking about pledging $20 or even just $15
and getting that video of...
Well, I'm not going to say what it is, because I want that video.
But I shall mention that if the other videos that you can get from...
Thanks to this donation by Baron Nightwolf...
Arrrrr!
There are such things as, as I said, the legend of dinosaurs.
13 ghosts.
Not the new one, but the 1960 William Castle 13 ghosts.
Things to Come, H.G. Wells movie from 1936.
How about that?
Woodstock 99, stupidest thing you ever saw.
And it's only 52 of these.
You can get Woodstock 99 and Wild Wild Planet from 1965.
I mean, jeez, this is incredible stuff!
And support the station.
I mean, it's like you get...
And it's tax exempt!
You're tax unrighteous!

It's un-wipe-able!
Just think about it.
You can write...
You can currently...
Let's not get into any...
You can crunt!
You can crunt!
Man!
Don't you see, man?
You can crunt now!
These figures he had on those figures there.
It's all a premium you might wear.
15 for the ashtray or the 2001 shirt.
15 for a coffee mug.
Sometimes when you wear them, they hurt.
$20 gets you a logo shirt and a travel mug.
$20 gets you a logo shirt and a travel mug.

A baseball cap is $25.
A baseball cap is $25.
Oh, one.
One dollar for postage.
One second away.
Twenty-five for a knit winter hat.
And as you wear it, it knits and weaves stories you can't understand.
Unfortunately, if you don't have the imagination to supply that part, at least you will have
supported this station!
Don't be a nitwit, friends!
Go for it!
At WCSB!
At Post Office Box!
931-844-4255!






Cleveland, Ohio 44101 is where to send that check if you're not hearing this live but
on some insane playback later on!
Be a superhero, friends!
Be your own hero for once!
Can you imagine yourself careening down the slopes in one of those knit winter hats for
only $25 premium, which actually says WCSB 89.3 on it?
You're cruising down those...
You're slaloming your shoulders.
You're shushing.
You're shushing.
Yeah, that's right.
You're shushing.
And suddenly you realize...
Realize...
Excuse me.
Suddenly you realize you're shushing down the cliffs of Garfield Heights.
You're not in New York State.
You're in Gotham City itself!
You're in Goth...
Yeah, right.
No, no, no.
You're Batman!
You pledged!
You paid!
You sent the money in and now you feel good!
You're good!
You're...
I feel bad.
You're a Batmore, all right.
You're built for this job, that's right.
You can see thousands of miles.
In the future and in the pasture, you can see things others cannot see.
And you see in your future...
Future...
Future...
A $30 lodge!
In the year 1998, the men from Planet X shall descend on this earth in power and glory to
lift up those dues-paying subgeniuses who went to subgenius.com or WCSB.org and did
the right thing.
Yes, the right thing!
What will they be willing?
They reached down into that...
Yes!
That deep, deep, deep pit in their body.
That dent in which they found, yes, the most secret, intimate organ of their body.
The wallet.
And they extracted it.
And they pulled from it...
Gently.
...those dollars that they then rubbed upon themselves.
And then they blessed it against a picture of Bob.
And then they put it against a picture of their mom and their dad.
And then they put it in the mail and sent it to the station.
That subgenius tongues might air wag...
Fluid and follows Dragon Puss.
...and near want for extra pizza at the station staff meetings.
Friends, when you donate to this station, you're not just helping us improve our equipment,
stay on the air, make a better signal.
You're helping to pay for the pizza that makes the station staff meetings bearable.
Some of these people actually stay alive on the stale pizza that they eat after the station meetings.
Don't you understand how shoestring these thumbs are and these little, these budgets are?
That takes to bring you this...
That takes to bring you this great entertainment here on 687-6900.
And now this!
All right, all right, all right.
One of the good old boys here tonight, we'd like to welcome you down to the television mission.
Don't forget, if all you can do is sit at home, then try to keep yourselves awake and dial the phone.
Call in for pledges.
Call in for pledges, yes.
Answering the phones this evening.
Beautiful Dr. Zaphon.
And the best thing you can do is dial this number that you see on your screen as quickly as you can with a contribution to the television mission.
You revolting genetic accident, take your smelly shell elsewhere.
Yes, Dave, you disgusting creature.
Think, think of it, Steng.
Even Fireside Theater endorses your church.
Sorry, I had to use that word.
But your organization, and your organization's best representative.
Listen to these inspirational words from the Book of Life, Chapter 10, Bankruptcy, Verse 10.
The passage runs, and I quote,
If you be tired at 12, if you've got that run-down feeling, remember you're not just anybody, you're special.
You are living proof that God is real.
God does not exist.
Yes, you, little listener, if you are like most of the people who listen to this show, are proof that no supreme being could ever exist.
I love you, Master Turner.
It's a duck hunt.
Uh, Anson, please, don't, don't, don't start.
Please, please.
Yeah, I'm sorry, I've got to start anyway.
I don't want to start, believe me.
There's no start in my endergrats.
Dear friends, I've got to admit, I'm just too depressed to do a good show.
Yeah.
Well, I haven't even finished watching it, and I've got to go.
I'm sorry.

I'll be back in a minute.

So, um, I just have to go.
I'll be back in a minute.
Very well.


Have a great weekend.
And I'll see you next time.
See you.

Bye-bye.

I'm sorry.
Don't do that.
No, don't do that.
What do you mean, don't do that?
Don't do that.





Don't do that.

could call in and you can talk to the there's some sexy ministers on the on the lines tonight
your prayer partners are here uh ready to receive your promise your covenant with bob friends why
the uh the evil uh dr zafod here picked up he got one from joseph prowl for 200 bucks and i i happen
to know that that one's not a joke now i know that you know not everybody can can uh can give
that much you know dr drummond and i once talked about you know who means the most to bob is it the
little old lady who can who you know it doesn't have anything at all to her name but but she
donates a quarter her last you stick it's the or does or is bob more impressed with the rich man
who could give a million dollars but only gives 10 000 we prayed on that friends and we realized
that in bob's
eyes
that rich man is the only one that's going to get to heaven because he paid more money
so i want you to call we got to sell you friends we're not just going to sit here
and talk bob said we had to party didn't he didn't he he said we had to party didn't say we could
he said we had to and so we must also sell praise bob and thank you
or they're destroyed when everybody sells we're all selling but we all have something to sell
yes everyone's selling together mighty symphony of prosperity for we all have something to sell
yes everyone's selling together mighty symphony of prosperity for we all have something to sell
a candy colored clown they call the same tiptoes to my room every night every night just to sprinkle
stardust and to whisper whisper dear friends everything everything is just fine it's just fine
it's just fine
760
we were born into this life we were destined to make it right
to be determined and this is our fate we're singing this song singing this song so you can relate
we are going to save the universe we are going to save the universe we are going to save the universe
this time
friends uh it looks like we might actually save the universe this time and only it's not really
us saving it but these fine some wonderful wonderful callers who have pledged these
pledgers who have pledged in and callers who called in to 687 6900 such as reference steve
cynic uh the the faithful faithful subgenius the one that we always depend on when we
miss you
Yes, the recordings of the show.
He is the one who has them.
Thank you, Steve.
From far away in Chagrin Falls.
Chicken Falls.
Much to our chagrin that he's so far away, and yet he can hear the show.
Down in the valley there.
And Chris Sazekas, or Sazekas, or whatever.
Sazekas.
Even here in Lakewood, Ohio.
So there are people locally who do care.
But the great Rex Oroboros.
Rex, thank you.
Has called in to help us from our brotherly sister station in Champaign, Illinois.
I can hear the corks popping now.
Rex Oroboros.
He has reserved the Destroy All Monsters video, I've noticed.
There is no blame.
The great David Bauchner.
Thank you, David.
He is the David Bauchner in Toronto, Canada.
Genius man.
Isn't that nice?
Wonderful fellow.
Listeners in Toronto calling in.
Yeah.
David Bauchner did not just pledge.
David Bauchner put us on the internet, you might say, and kept us there for a long, long time.
And we still can't leave.
Scott points in Athens, Georgia.
Now, what kind of a show is this?
Did we get calls from so far, far away?
It may be Athens, Ohio, no?
No, it's Athens, Georgia.
I wish I were in the Lamb and Cotton.
And he's getting the Slovenian glasses and the hour of Slack XXX.
That's a good choice.
And another one.
Here comes the lovely Miss Wee.
Princess Wee brings another one.
Chris Turner, the Reverend Ant...
Oh, that's Antichrist.
Reverend Antichrist.
A turnip cannot pledge.
That's not quite the same as Reverend Antichrist.
No, it's Antichrikes.
Antichrist.
Antichrikes?
But Antichrist to Mobile, Alabama.
Oh, I wish I were in the Lamb and Cotton again.
A survivor of the terror.
Of Hurricane Ivan.
And Her Highness Hellno in lovely Lakewood, Ohio.
Another Lechner.
Her Highness Hellno, the creator of the Bobby Awards almost every year.
Did I mention John Visnavkas?
No, you did.
Or Vinalkas.
Thank you, John.
Vinalkas.
But we love you, John.
Yes, Bob is a...
Stang has a heart with names.
So just imagine.
Imagine he has...
Anonymous.
Read them and pronounced them anonymously.
Too late for the anonymous one.
Anyway, thank you, Anonymous, again and again.
Thank you, all of you who were and shall ever be Montonymous.
Montonymous Bay.
You don't have to be monogamous or a baseball cap wearing, winter knit hat wearing,
No, it helps.
Aficionado of music and diverse talk in spunky rhythms of strange ideas and beautiful searches into the past.
Like when we go tripping down Mamory Lane.
Oh, yes.
There are lots of jugs.
I talked to a listener.
There's a listener in Detroit who thinks you're real smart.
Remember that?
We met that guy.
We met this guy that said that he thought you were real smart and he gave us all those
Firesign Theater albums.
That man was himself extremely big.
He gave us each copies of all the Firesign Theater albums on CB.
Only 72%.
72% of mine actually worked.
Oh, really?
Yes.
Well, I hadn't even tried to play 72% of mine.
Oh, I played as many as I could.
Oh, yes.
And then someone goes .
Oh, we're all bojos around this .
Well, you know, the CD technology is crude.
Mine is, yes.
And yours, of course, is even cruder.
And then there's your ears and then there's the stuff in between your two ears.
And there's what comes out of my mouth, which is also crude.
Yes.
But not as crude as this.
Because the sweet crude we're pushing, ladies and Germans.
The bubbling crude.
If Eichmann were a vastly vaster man, if Adolf Hitler did all he can, we still wouldn't hate
you as much as we hate ourselves for you not pledging.
What the hell?
Let's just go.
Let's just get the .
As puzzling evidence once said.
Let's get the flop.
Let's frop up so we can get back to hating the conspiracy instead of ourselves.
Yeah.
Puzzling evidence said that.
About frop.
Oh, I thought about 40 times.
Have you froped, Pippulus?
Yeah.
Pippulus?
Yeah.
Well, what's ... There's no ... They can't get any Hapsops from Pippulus if they pledge
to this or any other ...
No, I wish.
But that's an imported herb that's pretty expensive from Tibet.
Now, Buddhist llamas or is it just the alpacas?
Any of these different animals, how do they ingest it?
With their teeth?
No, that's not the way it works.
The llamas, holy men, Tibetan llamas that are ...
Well, you claim to be a holy ...
The frop only grows on the graves or droppings of those holy men or on the graves or droppings
of the ...
Of the Yeti.
... the Himalayan Yeti.
The great Yeti.
That's what I thought.
Yes.
In America, that would be the Sasquatch or Bigfoot or the ... What is it?
Homo hoaxis.
Homo hoaxis.
Oh, wacky, haggard man.
That doesn't make no sense, dang.
Anyway, so if you were a Yeti and you were just to randomly go out and poop in the backyard,
would there ... A Dalai Lama emerge from a Hapsopropsypulus bush?
No, but if you ... That would be the only place in your yard where you could grow the
things, the plants.
Okay.
I know they only blossom during a full moon, so ...
It's like wolfbane.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
So it is dangerous.
It is wolfbane.
It is.












It's exactly the same thing as the ... Well, not the ... There are different plants that
are called wolf's bane.
So one is like ... One of them is a slightly poisonous thing
that grows in the Balkans or someplace.
But that's anti-lycanthropic, right?
That helps psychological lycanthropy, but then physical lycanthropy can only be combated
by Hapophrops zypulops, which is why when you run out of froth, you turn into something.
You're such a bastard.
I just thought you were going to say if you had the original wolfbane, you'd still
turn into a wolf after you smoked it, but you just would think that you hadn't.
But if you smoke real Hapsopropsypulus, you not only will think you haven't turned into
a wolf, you won't.
Or you will, but you won't care, which is even really the best, I guess.
Well, we're at the deep end of the pool now, and I don't know if I can swim that
well.
I don't understand that.
Actually ... I dived right in, and this is where I'm
at.
I'm kind of like over my head.
Or ... anyway.
So none of these people have pledged for Hapsop ... well, never mind.
I'm sorry.
Oh, they might not know where to pledge.
Of course, they need to pledge to WCSB at this phone number, 216-687-6900.
Can they actually pledge through the internet, or is that a false rumor?
Actually, you can go to WCSB.org, not .com.
.org.
.org.
And there, punch in your credit card number, but you should also punch in the phone number
and call Princess Wee and tell her you've done that, so that she can send you your choice
of videos, our Slack XXXXXXXX shows, or a bumper sticker that says, I'm mad too, Bob.
And are you too mad, Bob?
Someday you'll be the Bishop of Tinkleberry.
Yes.
Someday.
Someday we shall bring Bob back to life.
We will find his old pipe shanks and stems.
We'll scrape them out and get bits of saliva.
We'll retrieve the DNA of the original Bob before he was killed, any of those times.
As part of our master plan, Bob will not only live again and walk the green earth ...
He will sell again.
He will sell again, and you will be one of his victimless crimes.
You shall own what he does not.
You shall become a part of a vast invisible fortune which grows more invisible with each
second.
Yes, please, give us some money.
Money.
Money.

Money.
Money.
All right.
Arms for the poor.
Penny for the old guy.
Penny for the old guy.
Can you spare a quarter for an old altar boy father?
Can you spare a quarter for an old altar boy father?
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.






Yes, friends, you too can be exorcised.
You can have the demons of money exorcised from your wallet.
You can do it yourself by calling this station and pledging your hard-earned dollars.
I think at least they should pledge just based on the fact that we haven't conducted this
pledge-a-thon like this.
We only do this once a year.
Yeah, we only do it once a year.
You know what it really costs to run a station like WCSB?
You know, in fact, we're not going to play any music.
We're going to boy you to death.
We're not going to.
We could do that.
We could talk with NPR-type accents, public television, volunteer accents.
Well, Dr. Tom Winkle is here from the faculty accent department.
And Tom, how long have you been working here and why do you continue to work here?
Continue.
Never mind.
Oh, I've been at the Tweed for 25 years now.
That's a nice suit you're wearing.
I was wearing the Tweed.
And I noticed the back of your suit is all shiny from all the-
Oh, no.
That's where I peed.
Oh, there's all the back slapping you've been involved in at those faculty luncheons.
Want to get something published?
Publish this!
Oh!
We need money!
Let's see what was on in the old days when we had something to think about.
I've got one hour to convince you how badly we and the station need your support.
We have a special, special form of slack in store tonight.
Instead of us giving you slack for once, we're giving you slack for two.

You're going to finally give some back to us.
Of course, some of you have been doing so all along.
Praise Bob.
But for the rest of you, oh, this could be the moment of truth.
The moment at hand.
You have to love Bob.
He loves you, but you love Bob.
You have to.
Or else what happens if you don't love Bob?
He'll kill you.
He'll kill you.
He'll Bob you out.
He'll Bob you out, folks.
He'll Bob you out, friends.
You heard it here first.
If you don't love Bob, he'll Bob you out.
He'll Bob you out, friend.
He'll be a sorry, only if.
Only if.
Well, you know, if you don't pledge, there's going to be more than one Reverend Stang.
You're going to have to listen to it forever.
How many Reverend Stangs?
We need that money.
Oh, my gosh.
Go for it.
Let's get us some spirit going here, man.
Look at those phones light up.
I've got a phone.
I've got a phone.





I've got poison in there, moves in here.
Hey, Bob.
Now that's some shBonkChischm.
Oh, my gosh.
Do you want more?
20 bucks for that one if I don't put it in there.



Speaking of money, I have a maJAbol.

Ladies and gentlemen, the call of nature's been summoned by the Mark Bennett.
If you're polled around, you are, umpire unless you've got a bill in your pocket.
Let me just remind you, as a resident of the US Emirates, we King's going to give you
15 bucks for putting money into the bank.
Now, this is for nothing either, or else your insurance won't work.
Oh, and there we go, theED.
will be no good following the Great Collapse,
which is imminent.
Yes.
The time to donate is now,
because your money will be no good tomorrow.
It's true.
It's pink slack.
Just look at your money sitting there in your wallet.
It wants to be used.
It wants to be useful.
And yet, it's just like so many pieces of paper.
But if you send now,
if you pledge now,
if you pledge now,
the money will be good.
That's right, because we have a secret plan.
To ride out the coming collapse.
Well, it's not a secret anymore,
but we have ways of making the money worth something tomorrow
in ways that you will not be able to.
We have ways of making the money work.
For it is written in the scriptures,
do not store up treasure on earth,
for thieves may get to it.
But store up treasure at WCSB Cleveland,
for no thief can touch your money there.
And where your money is, so shall your heart be.
And if your heart isn't in this radio station,
why are you even listening?
This is what I ask you.
Hmm?
It is easier for a camel to get through the needle's eye
than for a rich man to make it into heaven
without having divested himself of some of those riches on WCSB.
Perhaps $15 in which in case an ashtray might come that person's way
as a form of the Lord's giving.
They have lighters with WCSB logos.
They have bumper stickers.
They have bumper stickers with Bob's logo on them.
They have baseball caps.
They've got everything.
Snotglasses.
That's the one that I...
If I had money, I would...
Slovenians.
Slovenian snotglasses?
They poke up.
St. Stymie de Bergerac has called in with a pledge.
We praise St. Stymie,
the greatest peonman in all of the Coventry area.
Consider your donation.
Uh...
A little bit of money.

A little bit of lube, as it were.
This will help you squeeze through that eye of the needle.
We're not asking you for an erectile lubrication.
We're not asking you for that kind of donation.
You could donate your sperm anytime you want.
And you know what?
They might give you $25 if it works.
And you're better off taking that $25
and sending it to WCSB by calling 216-687-6900
or by logging on to the internet at www.wcsb.org.
And...
I forgot what the hell I was talking about.
Who cares?
Who cares?
As long as we get the money and stay on the air.
We're talking pennies a day.
Yeah.
Like the levy guy said,
how much will this cost?
A $100,000 home?
Well, none of you own a $100,000 home.
You own a $45 car.
But if you send $15 now for an ashtray,
you may quit smoking.
And we may continue to buy CDs and other...
and citizens' rights and other things.
Actually, to quit smoking,
they should get the ashtray and the doughnut.

And you need to smoke WCSB lighter.
Yeah.
That would be two pledges to...
And you need to...
687-6900.
...sweb in your shot glasses
so you can poke your blues away
as you smoke, smoke, smoke.
Call it the never say quit
or never say continue.
I don't know.
Yeah, you could play with the idea.
Never say quit package.
Yeah, think of...
Is that worth some money to you folks?
Not only will you be listening to WCSB,
you'll be smoking its ashtray
and shooting its glasses.
This is radio you can smoke.
Yeah, man. Think of it.
But don't let the authorities know
you're smoking this radio station.
We know you've been doing that.
Yeah.
We got our eyes open.
Heck, we used to before they sealed that window shut.
Back in the day, yeah.
You know, when Bob Dobbs runs out of frop for his pipe,
what do you think he puts in his pipe?
He puts in WCSB Cleveland.
And you're sold!
And you don't have to be as wealthy as Bob
to support us.
Sold.
No, friends, as a matter of fact,
a tiny little...
We've been bandying about huge figures
like $15, $20.
Hey, $5.
A $5 check or money order thrown into an envelope
would make a huge difference.
You'd get a thank you note.
$10 would make twice as much difference.
And $100, well, then...
What do they get for $100?

For $100, Loans and Cowboy Dave will come to your house...
I will not smooch buttocks.
...and place upon your...
No.
...fundament the bestowal of his kiss.
No.
I am not a fundamentalist,
nor will I smooch a fundament.
I may have one,
one as a snack, perhaps.
If you want to kiss the firmament.
He's not a fundy boy.
Now, there was a $200 cheap meat reverend
staying at a cheap motel pledge,
but nobody's really taken us up on that
since a long time ago in Dallas.
Do you think it's the economy,
or do you just think it's your disheveled appearance
and the fact that you've been in the tabloids
so much lately?
A little bit of everything, of course.
Yeah.
I've done a little bit of everything.
When the collab starts,
everything starts working against the protean.
Peak slack, man.
Yeah.
Was it Satta who wheeled the cliff up the hill,
or was it Prometheus who liked to eat his own liver?
You know?
Not here.
Or Wotan who kept picking his eye hole,
his little scabby hole where his eye used to be.
Right after Burt Lancaster or somebody
shoved a big hot stick in there.
Friends, it's not easy being a god.
It isn't.
It's a bit like juggling, actually.
Some of the time.
But it is easy to be the god of this station
by being the friendliest, nicest,
pleasure to call it.
The last minute,
687-635-4255,
and get in your donation to the Hour of Slack.
Now, if you're really cool,
you'll do it again for the next show.
Radiosynesthesia.
Think of it, comrades.
As you wish.
Where they actually let you call in if you have the nerve,
or if you've had enough coffee.
You know, a $30 donation can actually get you a date with Bob.
That's right.
Absolutely.
Not Bob Dobbs.
No feeling.
But Bob Dolchin.
And no Tostitos at the bar.
This is strictly a pre-functional date,
as they used to call it back in the days of
Bob's a hooker like you.
and fondling Bibles.
Bob's just another hooker like all of us.
He'll do it for you.
This may say something about him,
the fact that it says a quantity available unlimited.
So he's willing to go out with as many of you ladies
as are willing to pony up.
Use your imagination, girls.
687-6900.
Why do you think they call it?
Well.
Well, actually, now it's the time to say
that you are in fact listening to a pledge drive on
WCSB.
WCSB.
The band.
89.3 FM here.
On your listless dial.
The edges of the big lake.
You know, you think in profusion about how little there is
of this activist sort of voice in the radio nowadays.
Too many people talk about it.
They talk about their titties, their twangers.
They look at their history or geology books
as they get ready for the next adolescent tune.
But here on WCSB, you hear a plethora.
Is it a plethora?
A plethora.
A plethora of adult entertainment.
And you don't have to use your imagination
to watch those boobies flounce.
Or those ideas come out and pimp on you.
You don't need a placenta.
No, you don't need that savage placenta.
What do you think you are?
David Lynch back in the early days?
F-f-f-f-f-falling around checking things out?
Nah, man.
You're born again.
Into the new flesh.
A flesh of WCSB listeners.
A carnal union of millions of WCSB listeners.
You can't get out.
You must give back.
Okay.
Okay.
Now you can have
I believe you should have this.
I believe you should have this.
This amazing new symphony
The symphony of prosperity.
Generates in the mind of the salesman
before it does in the prospect's mind.
We all sell something to sell.
Everyone selling together.
You know, I'm not sure.
You get to do something creative,
doesn't matter the time.
He is.



You can call in tonight.
Set it up.
You'll never have to think!
Again.
And of course,
a check or a money order.
Is always so much fun!
!
Mom!
Where is Cheeronic?

Come.
Obbie gives a golly gosh
and better puke your peat
on Full Throttle Potentate,
elsewise your wants will be wagging down
on Mammy's Hind Nanny.
Why can't your peaser pop a squeezer
when the gushers are going all normal like?
Got your old geisha scents in your sneezing chamber, boy?
Heisting an empty platter in your bean bag?
Where's your roller balls, eh?
I can't grok me no love grow on this luju-luju band.
You're gonna have to spreach English, Jake.
Get right with your muscle snake, snunk monkey.
Quit spritzing your plizzerer less than it's snowing white lute juice, baby.
That's why if you're pleating bleeders blowing hot water,
you go blind or please your neether trying not to.
Either way, you're getting up on the wrong orbit
for this kind of free-kneading, bleeding side trade, eh?
Well, aren't you going to stand there like a dammy nickel slug
or are you going to plus your plimper and righteous hargany, T-boy?
Got weenie rivers and fluter tubes, don't you?
Join gumption with the true and the false.
Seed brave and peeper bob, man, and send your genes.
Buy out the gland owners with what you earned
with your skinny, peeling face of paint.
This has been your enunciator.
Thank me.
Amen.
Well, when did?
Today.
Today.
Bop, bop, bop.
Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bops.
I must not fear.
Fear is the mind killer.
Fear is the little death which brings me.
Mis amigos queridos, que quiere en su vida?
Riqueza grande?
Bop, bop, bop, bop.
Conoce usted a Bob Dogg?
It's a Bob world after all.
It's a Bob world after all.
It's a Bob world after all.
It's a Bob world after all.
It's a Bob.
This station.
This is the subgenius radio ministry.
Hour of slack.
We are full grown.
We are grown up men.
We are all past.
The age of reasoning.
It is our mission.
It is our task.
It's obvious.
And it's our mission.
What do you still ask?
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
This time?
Oh yes, dear friends.
That's right.
We'll be saving the universe on this...
This...
Like I say, it's one chance.
The swinging love corpses want you to save the universe.
Robert Anton Wilson, our special celebrity guest star,
wants it to save the universe.
And the zombies for Bob here answering the phone want, they desire, they desire for you to save this universe.
So, you know how, you know that number. You've memorized it by now. It's been hammered into your head enough.
Hello WCSB listener. I'm your guardian angel, Sergio.
I just stopped by to ask if you were donating to Radiothon this year.
What? You're not? But don't you understand how important Radiothon is?
Let me show you how things would be if no one donated to Radiothon.
See that over there? That's WCSB.
But wait, those aren't the same DJs you know and love.
Because no one donated to Radiothon, WCSB ran out of funds.
When that happened, everyone had to leave.
And now the evil preppy kids have come in to turn WCSB into a farm club for commercial radio.
And now they're doing a five-hour Dave Matthews marathon.
Stop polluting my station with those unholy sounds!
And look over there. That's Little John.
He's a non-indie rocker. But he's not an indie rocker now.
Without WCSB, he was unable to get turned on to underground rock music like The Shins or the Brian Jonestown Massacre.
Instead, he's been listening to Creed and Limp Bizkit because the corporate music machine has fooled him into thinking that sort of music is alternative rock.
WCSB was never around to show him the real alternative.
And now he's screaming nonsense about the nookie and listening to that ironic cover of George Michael over and over again.
And look at all the blues fans.
And I could show you all the downtrodden punk metal, jazz, folk, reggae, and ethnic music fans, but I think you get the point.
All of Cleveland radio has become a swirling vortex of tripe, drivel, and crap because there was no WCSB to redeem it.
The corporate music machine got its way, so now all there is to listen to on the radio is country, Top 40, and Dave Matthews.
But it doesn't have to be this way.
You can still donate to Radiothon.
All you have to do is call 216-687-6222.
And a friendly operator will be ready to take your pledge.
When you give us your tax-deductible donation, you'll be eligible to receive a premium as a thank you gift for donating to us.
We have lots of lovely gift certificates, CDs, and WCSB logo merchandise to choose from.
To see what's available, you can log on to our website at www.wcsb.org.
Remember, every donation is like a silver bullet in the heart of the corporate radio beast.
It's your donation that will support us and keep us afloat.
What's that? You'll donate?
Woo-hoo!
Go ahead and call 216-687-6900 right now.
That's 216-687-6900 for the WCSB Radiothon pledge line.
I don't like status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
But don't blow off that pledge drive, friends.
Bob's promises to all of you is still the nature of abnormal behavior.
I'm not going to tell you.
We ain't going to be talking.

We ain't taking no guff this time.
This time, this time, you are going to pay up.
You are going to call because that sweet name of Bob, my friend, what else can you do?
What else are you going to do with that money?
Well, I can probably think of all kinds of things you can do with that money.
Oh, yes, friend.
See, if you don't call in, that's all you're going to hear all across this nation forever.
And it won't even be Elvis.
Probably.
That's the shame of it all.
It'd be the bald-headed Elvis from Michigan, I guess.
But you're laughing.
Oh, yeah, you're laughing, saying, oh, I don't care.
I don't care if radioactive rain destroys all the fish and fauna and pollutes the water from me not supporting the station.
Oh, I don't care if our firestorms kill all dormant seeds on Earth, making regeneration of plant life possible.
Oh, I don't.
I just as soon.
Get this station for free.
I don't have a spare $10 because I'm going to spend it on cigarettes and liquor and and false slack.
Oh, yeah.
I don't care if vast quantities of nitrogen oxide dramatically increase ultraviolet radiation to the point where humans and animals are blind and we can't even hear an hour of slack with our eyes.
Oh, just compromise your immune system by not.
Sending not pledging a penny or even worse by pretending to be a subgenius and pledging, but never even actually sending the check.
Huh?
Sick, sick creatures out there.
They don't even care.
I mean, it is so ironic because these some of these false preachers can raise millions and millions of dollars.
No problem there.
Well, I tell you what.
I challenge you, Jim Swaggart.
I challenge you, Jim.
Baker.
I challenge you, Oral Roberts.
You see this hand here.
You see this hand in front of me, Mr.
Jim Baker.
This is called the claw and it's got the power of dogs in it.
And I challenge you to show your ugly face here at this radio station and come forward.
Go ahead.
Come forward with all your millions.
I'm ready to have a match without rules.
No rules at all.
One will survive.
One only.
One minister will leave the match still breathing.
If.
One of you.
One of you.
Goodie.
Goodie preachers has the guts to show up.
Yes.
I'm sitting here drinking some Texas select beer, friends.
Beer.
You hear that, Jimmy Swaggart?
You don't drink beer.
Oh, no.
Or smoke on frock.
Because you don't know the power of these herbs.
I challenge any minister do-gooder out there to show up.
All of you with all your TV shows and all your bought off politicians, your paid off judges.
Do any trick.
Trick you won't.
But I got the claw.
I got the power of Bob and the power of Texas select.
And you, my friend listener, has the power to call this station.
No.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
The times.
The end times get closer and closer every minute.
Imagine some guy or some gal driving around out there.
They're tired of listening to the same old music on their conspiracy radio show.
So they try switching channels and they come upon.
This.
They hear these voices talking and they think, now what is this?
A talk show?
A church show?
A comedy?
I mean, oh my God, are these people serious?
It's too developed to be a joke.
Should I kill them or should I?
Or should I?
Or should I?

Or should I?
Or should I?
Which will it be, friend?
Which will it be?
Kill us or pay us.
Either way, call this station.
It's there's some some have nots out there.
I know by definition, many subgeniuses are have nots.
I know.
They're nots in money, but they do have slack.
And at least they know what they're missing.
So you've done okay by not having money, haven't you?
And so therefore it won't hurt you a bit.
It won't hurt you to have a bit less.
And the money doesn't go to me.
It doesn't even go to the will of Dobbs.
It doesn't even go to someone else.
Your membership money does though.
It goes to keep this station on the air without this station.
You won't get the hour of slack free.
You'll be like everybody else out there.
Give to us something to live for.
Anything.
We need hope now, love.
Put a rope on this son of a bitch!
