Mission sequence start, we should see fire.
Four, three, two, one.
As we introduce a match to a kinder end.
We don't care whether you hear us or not.
We'll just keep pretending that we're actually talking to people out there.
Yes, the funnel web megalomorph spiders, the megalomorphidae,
comprise one of the more ancient orders of the arachnids.
These spiders are divided into seven segments, or setae.
This is Side B, Audio Digest Surgery, Volume 23, Number 13.
The continuation of a program on...
The Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Slack.
Hey.
Stop.
Free.
Here's your host, Parcenoma of the Gallbladder.
In general, the treatment for this disease has varied all the way
from a massive right hepatectomy with lymph node dissection
at the hilus of the liver, to just a simple cholecystectomy.
And if we examine some series of cases,
collected, of course, in which resections were done,
we see that the same dismal prognosis occurs
for 36 cases with resections, only one five-year survivor.
What planet is that?
I don't know, God.
Why, it's dead.
I hear a woman weeping.
I said, I want to watch cartoons.
I want to watch cartoons.
The tumor was picked up on routine sectioning of the gallbladder
or very carefully.
And then, after a thorough inspection of the gallbladder,
14 cases, only two survived simple cholecystectomy
for the treatment of these early tumors.
And two of the three papillary adenocarcinomas
in this series of 14 cases survived, one died.
The numbers of cases are limited because this
is a rare form of disease when it's discovered only
in the pathology laboratory or found only at.
Another fine product by Squidco.
Brought to you by Squidco.
It's good.
It's a little bit of a cartoon show.
Remember.
Eat a box of Squidco, Squidco, Haste Wasties.
That's Wilman.
Brought to you by Haste Wasties cereal,
the only cereal with the makers of Sid the Squid cereal.
We buy Corinthian Column cigarettes.
Where it comes already soggy in the box.
Your own drab life and light up a Corinthian column.
The only cigarette with marble fluting.
Nothing worse will happen to you for the rest of your life.

The only cigarette with marble fluting.
Nothing worse will happen to you for the rest of your life.
Hello friends and welcome.
You know, the other week I spoke about what it would be like
when the judgment day arrived.
The great pain, the eternal torment, the gnashing of teeth
down to the gums.
I hope that was a very uplifting sermon as it was meant to be.
Don't let it be said that the Church of the Subgenius
relies on scare tactics to frighten people into the fold.
Bob is your friend.
Bob is your friend.

He loves you.
He loves your money.
He loves your slack.
He wants to give you love, money, and slack.
All in abundance.
But first, first you must show that you are worthy friends.
You must love him first.
You must give him money.
You must provide him some slack.
Bob pays back all his debts plus interest.
Bob gets credit where credit is due.
No money down.
Indeed Bob is the king of credit.
You cannot be turned away for any reason.
You see, Bob invented credit.
Back before he was a king.
Back before the process was stolen, corrupted, and twisted by the conspiracy.
Bob treats his credit customers like A1 consumers.
The customer is always right.
And if you're not completely satisfied for any reason, then double your damnation back.
Now you're probably wondering, friends, what's the catch?
There's got to be a catch.
There's no such thing as free salvation.
Well, would that they were.
Unfortunately there is a catch and it's called the conspiracy.
If you get involved with it, if you are seduced by it, if you succumb to its hypnotic influence,
then damn you by your own design.
Bob didn't tell you to buy into the conspiracy.
Bob provided alternatives.
And when the poo-poo hits the propeller and all hell breaks loose, you're going to need
a better excuse than I was just following orders.
Because friends, the title of tonight's sermon is Nuremberg after the X-Day invasion.
Now I know a few of you are probably a little upset at me yelling.
I apologize.
I can tell by the dwindling amount of love offerings at the end of each service that
somebody's missing.
Miffed.
But I'm not yelling at you because I want to hurt your feelings now, but because I'm
trying to spare your feelings later.
And later is sooner than you think.
Say amen.
Now, now, now, now, now, now, a lot of folks don't want to hear you say that, but it's
in the Bible.
You shouldn't be mad that you're frightened, but instead you should be frightened that
you're mad.
After all, all good subgenies shouldn't be worried about the X-Day.
It's what we've been waiting for, at least it's supposed to be, unless you've got something
to hide.
Why does the talk at the end of the world upset so many people?
The answer is simple.
Because they're afraid their definition of being a subgenius might not measure up to
Bob's definition.
And right they should worry because friends, there's more than just a few Bobbies out there
that are Sabbath-day subgenies, but weekday weaklings.
They work for the conspiracy Monday through Friday and sometimes overtime on weekends.
Yes, Father Joe Mama knows and sees all.
You can fool some of the subgenies some of the time, but you can't fool all the subgenie
all the time, least of all Bob.
Do you think he's not going to know who among you are liars, cheats, and money moonlighters?
There's nothing wrong with having money, friends, but when you use it to support the enemy instead
of giving it to Bob, you're just underwriting the conspiracy war against slack.
In essence, you're buying bonds to stay bonded.
And don't think for a moment that you're buying time, friends.
No siree.
X-Day will arrive July 5th, 1998.
Come hell or high water, which both probably will.
And then, and then you'll have the chance to explain to Bob why you worked, fought,
and financed the conspiracy for all those years.
Ho ho ho.
I can just hear you now.
Oh, sorry Bob.
I just didn't know.
Wrong.
You should have found out.
You should have brought your bauble, your book of the subgenius at your local bookstore.
Oh, but Bob.
I didn't want to support the conspiracy.
I just didn't know.

I was so scared of the conspiracy so I couldn't buy your book.
Wrong again.
You should have gone to your library.
Or you could have ordered it direct from the subgenius foundation.
Oh, but gee.
I would have, honest Bob, but I just didn't have any money.
Strike three.
You're out of there.
Bob knows about that new BMW.
Bob knows about that new VCR.
Bob knows about that new stereo hi-fi that you're listening to his free radio show on
right now.
What's your excuse?
You heard the word of Bob from his most holy of disciples.
You're just going to have to go to the library and get it.



He stays home over the weekend by the weir.
Oh hey, where you at?
Right, there he is.




Look you didn't go in there, did you, Bob?
No, Jim.



That's hard.
That's a rec prayers.
No, you did my stupid thing.
I apologize.
Now I'm going to do something else.

I mean, Skinhead and the rest of Help Me was called.
You did appreciate your influence on the Seekers.
Yeah, but you missed some of your biggest projects.
I know but I've been working with Liz closely.
I know Sir Vin.
Oh, come on.
you had a good time.
Stupid! Subgenies and stupidity are mutually exclusive terms.
They're antonyms, just like jumbo shrimp and army intelligence.
You can't be both. Ignorance is no excuse for obeying the law.
We don't care if the conspiracy told you to do it. You should have known it was wrong.
Imagine if you were Dr. Joseph Mingala and you're at Nuremberg and they ask you why you murdered millions of Jews.
What are you going to say? I was just following orders. I was just doing my job.
I did it to conform because everyone else was doing it. Guilty! Guilty! Guilty!
That's what they say at Nuremberg. Only one excuse prevents execution.
If you could say honestly and sincerely from deep in your heart, I did it because I enjoyed it.
And of course, how many people can truly say that they worked 9 to 5,
Monday through Friday, and occasionally overtime on weekends, because they honestly enjoyed it?
How many? Would you believe them? Well then don't expect Bob to.
Just because he can sell it, friends, don't mean he's gonna buy it.
Words to worry about from now to doomsday, courtesy of J.R. Bob Dobbs. Amen.
But what is a subject?
If one finds a papillary tumor, which is a stage 0 or perhaps even a stage 1,
that is confined to the mucosa or confined to the gallbladder wall,
one has a much better chance of a long-term survivor.
Now, what can we do about this situation?
Hello out there in radio land. This is Papa Prell with an important message for all you habitual smokers.
Keep up the good work, will ya?
Sure. Thanks to you and your obnoxious habit, smoking-related illnesses are at an all-time high.
And that's good news for the economy.
You see, nothing supports our ailing healthcare system more than those nice, long, chronic respiratory diseases.
What's more, smoking helps the tobacco business, not to mention the undertakers.
Oh, I wasn't gonna mention that, but the point is this.
The next time you see a smoker in public, don't castigate them, congratulate them.
After all, they'll get what's coming to them soon enough.
So go ahead, smokers of America. Puff away like there's no tomorrow.
Because for you, there may not be.
A message brought to you by people who want your parking space and yours truly, Papa Prell.
Take me in your Cadillac and we'll go honky-tonkin'.
We'll park it by the roadside somewhere beneath the moon.
Take me in your Cadillac and we'll go honky-tonkin'.
We'll park it by the roadside and I'll make sweet love to you.
You're just a plain old country girl who likes to get around.
So hop right in my Cadillac and we'll go paint the town.
I won't drink your whiskey nor I won't drink your brew.
But I'll cuddle close, my dear, and I'll make sweet love to you.
And new neutrinos.
Pingling tentacles of an atria-flavored cereal.
My, those are nice looking shoes you have here.
I really like them.
The nutria-flavored cereal with coipu pellets.
Most people here probably don't know what neutrias are.
They're flavored with neutrino sweet, the microscopic subatomic sugar.
Loaded with neutrons so you know they must be nutritious.
At Cafe Neutron, just around the corner from the KPFA.
Why, I suppose you're about to tell our listeners that.
A nutria is an animal found on the side of the roads.
A nutria is an animal with a...
Oh, shut up.
On the side of the roads.
Usually found on the side of the roads in Louisiana, lying on its back with its feet up in the air.
It's some kin to the dead armadillo found in Texas and the dead chipmunks found up on the north.
Outside Dave Saville's house.
Yeah, no live, no live neutria has ever been seen.
We've only seen dead neutrias on the side of the road.
This was down in Louisiana just about a mile from the Texas border.
They're about as common as the white alligator.
Yes, they're as common as the white alligator, but they're...
When you do see them, they are dead.
They are the Louisiana State Roadkill.
I was going to say, are these related to any type of roadkill?
Yes, they're the Louisiana State Roadkill.
Like the famous boroglumps and sasquahatches.
Also like the snelligaster that haunts several lakes in the eastern state.
Sasquatch is the Oregon State Roadkill.
Snoop, Sneak, Snatch, and Snelligaster are attorneys at law.
Call us now.
Okay.
Thank you, canviolent.
Sounds good to me.
Let's take that way.


These Mexicans obsessed toward Eddie Slick.
I know that in their books they'll find anybody who's not a complete doorînee.
I gave them that GL promo, I gave them my brand new boa gonzo.
Man, that Прareth right there was take them so seriously.
That Making My Way with Henry classics it was that genius.
invisible man
Then
something went wrong
For Fay Wray and King Kong
They got caught
in a cellular jam
Then
at a deadly pace
It came from
outer space
And this is how the message
ran
Silence
Fiction
Double feature
Doctor X
Will build a creature
The android
spies name
Bram and Janet
And
Bram
and Janet
And the stars
in
Forbidden
Planet
One
At the late
night
Double feature
Picture show
Oh,
for now




with Joe
life could be a dream
if I could take you up in paradise up above
if you would tell me I'm the only one that you love
life could be a dream
sweetheart hello hello again
shaboom it opened for me to get
but I'm so human
I'm still scarcely odd because the station would not run
it thought it could and it thought it could
as we run the station into the ground
and the transmitter turned off
coulda woulda shoulda
yes all the subgenius are dancing around the magic mushroom now
they're painted blue and there's lots to do as they mutilate a cow
their toes feet are less than neat as they trample through the field
and their awful faces in odd places resembling brook shields
what I plan to do to you is
I plan to release those tensions which build up during the workaday world workday
oh you're so wrong I was planning on demonstrating
it involves chandeliers and ice water animals but you can't see that
no no
it's on the radio
I was going to
I'm perched on top of this thing
Frenchies use it I understand
no no no if you don't stop interrupting me I'm going to have to slap you
a little more chocolate pudding and apple sauce isn't it?
it's like a good friend of ours said everybody should have some French expressionistic or impressionistic art over their mantelpiece
everyone should have a bidet hanging over their mantelpiece and they should have a Monet in their bathroom
damn straight
and plumbing connected to both of them
but tonight I brought my uvula piercer
oh no
can we watch?
you lost your uvula years ago Hal admit it
well somewhere back there along the way
dusty miles but I've it's been so long I forgot where I left that uvula
probably in a shag carpet somewhere
I left my uvula somewhere in the bay area
I was going to go up in St. Louis and start a chain to it so I could drag you around by your uvula
oh yes a uvula piercing ceremony
we will return to you and your uvula
a collection of cases in which there were polyploid lesions seen in the gallbladder
what did these prove to be?
in 52 cases there were no carcinomas
they range from cholesterol polyps down to adenomyomas
another series of 113 cases of radiographic polyploid lesions of the gallbladder
what did these prove to be?
10 had cholecystectomies and in these 10 cases there were no cancers
a long term follow up 15 year in the rest of these 103 cases
failed to disclose the presence of carcinoma in any of them
so that one would have to say on a statistical basis that
now this here's my decree
I wish that you would tell me the name of this contraption here
Billy I can't see anything
there's rocks in my eye sockets and I can't feel anything below my knees
not only that there's a spider down here
and we don't have a ladder
perhaps if we were to create a new world
we would have to bring some of the phropopolis that is promised in the book of the subgenius
and so that's just what they did
and it didn't help a bit
that day the mine filled up with water
and those little brats were suffocated in the dark inkiness of blackest night
what happened to Timmy and Billy?
where did you put them you old hag?
I stuck them in this cedar chest after I cut them up with Tina's razor blade
and a red leather machete
you won't get away with that in this state Aunt Bertha
you're coming with me
I'm Mr. Brew the authorities
and thus then children Mr. Brew burst into a pillar of fire
yes the Lord does work in mysterious ways
from his atomic baton bill at the Venus of the sky
I don't know this SO82B for those of you who don't know
some people don't believe in this primitive myth
there's two hell experiments going wrong Doug what can we do?
toward the end of the show they'll be blowing up for us in our ocean
which one's the real hell?
hell number two
now we'll return to hell number one
and you win the dromedary behind the curtain
hold hell number two under water there
let's go over that again you say you saw some sort of monster?
gotta keep them cooled down here during the show
some kind of monster I'm not quite sure
it was either one of them scorpion griffin things we've been having
or maybe it was one of them blood sucking werewolf tarantulas
that would be unfortunate
yeah well it was small like a blood sucking werewolf
ladies and gentlemen we've got
tarantula but it was hairy like a werewolf
what you think I should get some mouse traps and put them around the perimeter of the dome here
or should I put them just out of the atmosphere?
put that damn toy rig on the way
grow up act your age
well turn off
hey that thing actually works
yeah it seems to be erasing people
I work for a living buddy I ain't no artist
you know you made a hole in that 1920s tape that came down the wall
oh too bad
it's difficult to learn
you muster the strength to catch up on the show
well the coil was a gas line stole from a ford and the still was a coal oil can
but out of the spout and into a jug the old corn licker ran
them boys got down and they hefted the jug and they found her full pretty nigh
so they each took a snort right then and there for they was tallable dry
hello out there in radio land
prell here inviting you to enlist as a soldier in america's war against drugs
and it's so easy
when someone offers you drugs just say you're under arrest
that's right narcotics are illegal in america and possession and or sale of illegal substances is just a sort of information police wanna hear
now some of you are saying but they're my friends
baloney friends don't offer friends chemical poisons
so remember
when the enemy offers you drugs don't turn the other cheek turn them in
you'll sleep much better after doing your civic duty
a message from this great station and yours truly papa prell
says one old boy that's the darndest steer that ever i did find
he's got two heads
and a dozen legs
and fourteen tails behind
so they rolled old steer upon his back and they held him by the horns
and down his sizzling goose oh they poured a quart of corn
when you're moving that microphone back and forth there
behind most of our social institutions
the dreadful conspiracy of the bavarian movement
did you man
understanding nothing
all you got is in their millor
out purposes
and pillow
one seems to have simmered

were you
he's had no planned
for the rest of his life
and of course
ordinary clock conceives.
They're known for feathering
their nests.
Bad jokes.
And so as we
feel cooped up in this
terrible program.
There goes Dr. Howe
squirming through the door
writhing and wriggling
down the hall.
He's at the uterine canal where he'll
find records on the shelf.
Bring them back down and with the next
contraction he'll be popping right back into the
sound room again. Remember this is brought to you
by Sid the Squid's cereal.
The only breakfast cereal that
squirts real ink. Comes already
soggy in the box.
He's okay folks.
He's just not here. He just smells a little bit.
But you know it's a free country. That's because he's not
washing where he is. Yeah he has a right.
He can't help it.
Not that you can help it either.
We could tell him that
he thinks it's a personal statement
still. It's a political statement.
I'm all for personal statements.
You want to stink that?
It's a lifestyle statement.
I mean it's a lifestyle
in hell. It's an anti-lifestyle
statement. The anti-lifestyle.
Lifestyles of the dead and famous.
Yes. Well tonight we'll look
at the anti-lifestyle
of Rock Hudson
and let's see who else
can we look at? Liberace. Liberace.
Humphrey Bogart and everyone's
name. Betty Davis.
Graham Chapman. Who else has died
recently? Betty Boop.
No one's seen her in a long time.
No, no. That's true.
Jay Ward. Did he die?
Oh.
I knew
Leo G. Carroll
was over a barrel
when Tarantula
took to the hills
and I
really got hot
when I saw Jeanette
Scott fight a
trippet that spits poison
and kills.
Dana Andrews
said proves
gave him the rules
and passing them
used lots of skills
but when worlds
collide said
George Powell to his bride
I'm gonna give you
some terrible thrills
like a
science
fiction
book
called
The Future.
Doctor
Ant
will
build a creature
to see
androids
fighting
Brad
and
Janet
and
Francis
D'Arcy
in
Forbidden
World
of
Strangling
and
The Crane







I
mind
goes
on.
muit
j
Picture, picture show, by RKO.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
To the late night, double feature, picture show,
in the back row.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
To the late night, double feature, picture show.
Now, if you want information on the church of the subgenius,
that's a whole nother thang.
I want you to write to a different post office box for that.
That's Bob.
At Box 1403-06, Delibre.
Dallas, Texas, 75214, Delibre.
No, I'm afraid not.
Not this time, friends.
Do you feel better now, friend?
Yes, friends, I feel good too, because those demons,
those pills, those evil women were all sent to Bob
at Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas, 75214,
and to KNON, Box 710909, Dallas, Texas, 75371.
Now...
Oh, yes.
I forgot to tell you.
The spice exists on only one planet in the entire universe,
a desolate, dry planet with no soul.
It's a vast desert.
Hidden away within the rocks of these deserts
are a people known as the Fremen,
who have long held a prophecy
that a man would come,
a messiah,
who would lead them to true freedom.
The planet is Arrakis,
also known as June.
One short of the list in history,




I'm now aware the Great Atmospheric Space

resulting in its states,
in both Near and Public Space.
And, um...
As, from New St. Mary's,
New Ormei has appeared recognize in the Astros,


¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
Good day. Oh, do our new movie theme, eh?
Yeah, okay.
¶¶
Okay, good.
As the dawn squeaks up over the misty moonlight,
you can see the Dobbs Mobiles pulling on
at Long Caravan to Dobbs Town.
And there's Bob in the back,
this air-conditioned Greyhound bus,
waving and smoking on his bike.
The insanely pixelating dots of his face
radiating outward, smiling for everyone to see
his trim, regular features.
Unicef Stereo is having a super-stay.
Super-stay.
And...
¶¶
What do you mean?
Here we go.
I'm gonna be a winner!
Hey, people, we're gonna have to be off real soon,
so I'm gonna try to read this poem.
Oh, okay, go ahead.
Try to read that poem.
¶¶
A dwarf who hops and flops along the track
stumbles and then falls, but who will care a whit?
He'll lie there stunned until his wee bones crack
when shearing wheels press him into the grit.
And then a creeping freight passes through,
leaving only fragments of the scalded head.
¶¶
¶¶
And the half-blind porter on the super-chief
throws out some slops which land upon the face.
The sockets fill with trash but not with grief,
directed blindly toward the pit of space.
Spiders, rats, and flies come to eat at last,
and God, in his great disgust,
sends down a mighty blast.
You don't think that...
I don't understand why you think that
God would just sit up there
and make one planet, you know,
that, I mean, wouldn't he get bored?
I mean, think of how long this Earth has been sitting around.
John, he doesn't get bored.
He's spending a lot of time with his attention on you
trying to get you to come to him.
He's got plenty to do, reaching people like you.
If a polypoid lesion is seen in the gallbladder,
the chances of this being a carcinoma
and the chances of a polypoid lesion
indicating a cholecystectomy
because of the possibility of carcinoma
is practically zero.
So we don't make many nickels
approaching the problem from this direction.
Now, there is a positive association
of calculi in the gallbladder
with carcinoma of the gallbladder.
Almost all cases of carcinoma of the gallbladder
are associated with stones.
Now, does this mean that in every case of cholelithiasis
should be followed by a cholecystectomy
because of the possibility of carcinoma?
Probably not, I would have to say,
because of the possibility of carcinoma.


Because...
There ain't no pride on me
There may be pride on some of you guys
There ain't no pride on me
Did he die?
Oh, no.
Oh, too bad.
Did he die?
Oh, too bad.
I knew Jay Ward was dead
because they've been making
bad Captain Crunch commercials lately.
That's always an indication
that somebody's died.
Yeah.
Well, he was doing the Captain Crunch commercials
for, like,
decades.
And they were actually funny
and then they stopped being funny
and started being strangely sexual
where Captain Crunch grabs his hat.
You know, he's got an Avril's hat.
It's a spurt in the universe.

and milk shoots out the top of it.
And he's fighting these sperm monsters
called the Soggies
instead of Jean LaFoot,
the Barefoot Pirate.
If you want to see
Jean LaFoot, the Barefoot Pirate,
come back in the Captain Crunch ads.
Please call us here.
We'll let Quaker out.
And we will have absolutely nothing to do with it.
We can't have anything to do with it.
We'll give you a dollar.
We'll give you a dollar.
But, you know,
I really hate the sperm monsters,
the Soggies.
They're really disgusting.
And now they have this
peanut butter bird
that is supposedly
laying an egg
in the commercial.
But it looks like it's having
a massive bird-like valve.
Omar the Vampire
He hung out in the bars
And drank Bloody Marys
And gave a lot of women scars
He sure was something
Yeah, he was a real cuckoo
Omar the Vampire
He was a neck-sucking fool
Huh!
Behind the curtain The Lawless Dяни's
Show
Who wants to hear

Guys, guys, positions.
controversy over this point. I thought maybe I should spend a little time on the topic before
the debate gets out of hand. Too many divisions occur. So far, there's already been three
authorized schisms, the real subgenies, the pseudo subgenies, and the bobbies. This, of course,
forms the holy trinity. Three is a holy number, and to be a member of any of these three groups
is automatically holy. Though some groups are more holy than others, but be this as it may,
let us go on to the source of all discourse, the holy word of Bob, the blessed bobble. Some say it
was written by Bob's hand. Some say it was inspired by Bob's hand. Others say Bob's gland
was inspired by Bob's hand, but we're not going to get off on that subject. The point is the bobble
is the word of Bob, or to be more exact, the words of Bob, or to be 100% accurate, words Bob used at
one time or another, though not necessarily in that order.
But this is neither here nor there. It is true that some skeptics point out that if Bob actually
wrote the bobble, it should be written in cursive. But even the most vehement disbeliever concedes
that the bobble is written in the same exact language that Bob himself used, that is to say
English. In other words, it is the words of Bob. Very important point, friends. Now that we've
settled or clarified that point, let us turn to the bobble itself. Chapter 1, page 18,
paragraph 1, verses 1 through 3.
Now, skipping down to paragraph 6, verses 1 through 2.
Yay, beware!
There must be a bobble.
There must be a bobble.
There must be no stereotypes. Let me read that again. Yay, beware! There must be no stereotypes.
Bet you didn't know that, but it's in the bobble, which most of you probably haven't been reading too much lately.
A subgenie must always read the words of Bob. What do you think you're supposed to do every day when you're sitting on Bob's throne?
Simply defecate? Bob said what goes in must come out. That doesn't just refer to sex. What you let out while on Bob's throne,
you must put back in through Bob's bobble. Getting back to the text, most of you should probably be reeling from the text.
It's the same as the shock of those first two paragraphs. What does subgenius mean? It means nothing. Nothing at all.
So what are you going to do now? Go home and sulk? You should go home and read your bobble. And if you haven't got one, get one.
Read it from cover to cover, frontwards, backwards, and sideways. Read it in between the lines and notice where those lines are placed and see what that tells you.
If you're a real subgenius, it'll tell you plenty. For instance, in this instance, ask yourself,
why the first and second paragraphs are separated. Why did Bob separate the question, what does subgenius mean,
from the apparent answer in the next paragraph, it means nothing. Why? Because of a whim? A fetish? He likes to break up paragraphs and waste paper?
He hates trees, maybe? No! Bob loves trees, especially the ones that grow the sacred money paper. Bob wants to save as much of that money paper as possible.
And it is in the pursuit of that money paper that Bob is going to be able to get rid of the rest of his money.
So, the first paragraph of that paper that made Bob say, what does it mean? It means nothing. Bob was comforting the normals in their stupidity so that they would buy the book and contribute to the subgenius cause.
Bob doesn't want them, he only wants their money. And so he expands his potential market to include the normals by inferring they are as good enough to be subgenius as we are,
while simultaneously leaving his followers an obvious and grammatical clue. A red flag, if you will, within his teachings to say,
history is a lie. He doesn't want them to be a part of his story. He doesn't want them to be a part of his story. He doesn't want them to be a part of his story.
The first paragraph of that paper says, Bob is a genius, he is a genius, he is a genius, and yet he is not a genius.

Bob says, I have done this and that, and so I am a genius.

I said that Bob was a genius, he was a genius, and I made mistakes, and yet I did not make mistakes.
Except when I mistakenly think I made mistakes, therefore it must be a clue.
A clue to what?
What does it mean?
New paragraph.
It means nothing.
What is it?
Subgenius?
If you were normal and made mistakes, you might think so.
But if you were a subgenius, and notice this glaring error, you know Bob meant something else.
Something bigger.
Something better.
What means nothing?
It!
The whole damn sermon!
Bob is telling his followers,
disregard the entire lesson,
maybe even the whole damn book,
for it does not apply to subgenies,
but to the normal pinks who don't know any better
and have nothing better to spend their money on.
Of course subgenie means something,
but subgenies are intelligent enough
to figure it out for themselves.
We know we're better than everyone else,
and it's not because we're so smart, either.
But because they're so stupid!
Hell, if we were so smart, we'd be geniuses.
But we're not geniuses.
We don't want to be geniuses.
There's only a fine line between a genius and insanity.
But with a subgenius, there's no line.
No line at all!
We've removed that border.
We've erased that barrier.
These days, you have to be crazy not to be crazy.
Just look around you and see.
Would a sane God have created this world?
Of course not.
One look at the evening news
should be proof enough for you.
And for that, God is weird.
His world is weird.
And so should his followers be.
Only when the subgenie are truly made onto his image
are they one with God.
That makes us better than the blasphemous,
uninsane, pink, moron majority.
We have a sacred mission
to remove the godless blots of sanity
from an otherwise picture-perfect canvas of chaos.
I propose a new disorder,
a land of pieces and disharmony,
where everything and everyone
is in their proper place,
lost and therefore found.
For we have found ourselves
among the natural scheme of things,
not the artificial conspiracy scheme
created by things to sell things,
the scheme that forces round pegs into square holes
and labels them and numbers them
and catalogs them and files them away
and throws away the key.
No, sir.
The natural scheme is round pegs in round holes.
And if you don't like that hole,
then try another.
You can go in and out of as many holes as you desire.
The world is your oyster.
Disorder, anarchy, freedom,
the right to be wrong as it was meant to be.
We are better,
and the normals better beware of us,
because once we take control,
we're going to put the folks in charge
that the people fear most,
themselves.
Herein doth the word above praise Baha'u'llah, men.
Let me tell you the story
of J. R. Maudoff's
thread of men, and yet he
he walked with the gods.
He wore a silly grin
and he smoked a stupid pipe.
He fought the conspiracy
every day of his life.
He worked the stench
of many a man.
Fathered many children,
with his mighty glance.
He founded the religion
in which we all believe.
Brought us all the slack
that everybody needs.
Maud was the greatest salesman
the world had ever seen.
He could sell the farts
after he ate all the beans.
He could sell a pile of d***
to a lonely fly.
All of us who knew him
figured he would never die.
Bob Dawes, Bob Dawes,
he was a real man and brave.
Bob Dawes, Bob Dawes,
he was a real man and brave.
Bob Dawes was lying dead
in his grave.
Without Bob, what are we gonna do
with the men from when
in EXCO marching through?
Our old racist was
stuck in jail
with only Bob
through his labelle.
But now he is dead,
so we're doomed.
What to do?
What to do?
We're doomed.
We're doomed.
He founded the city, known as Topstown. Deep within Malaysia, it was rarely found.
There he studied forbidden science, until that fateful day, when he came unto his flock in the city by the bay.
Few had ever seen him, few had ever dared. Most had no occasion, others just plain scared.
The first came to Crisco, or the event of the age, when the oldest smiling one would step out on the stage.
I should say, he's a good boy.
I'll go to the left.
Okay.
And he looked to the right, and he stepped out with confidence into a glass.
He had all the cheering fans as he strode up to the fight.
It's too late.
When the assassin's bullets sent him to his eternal grave.
Oh, my God!
Bob Dogs! Bob Dogs!
The crowd saw their savior had come.
Bob Dogs! Bob Dogs!
Was greeted by the first of the group.
Without Bob, we have looked in a fear.
As we swiftly approached that fatal year.
Born in 1998, he would have set the record straight.
But now he's dead, so we're too new.
But dear.
Well, this has been the story of J.R. Bob Dogs.
Some call him Messiah.
Others call him fraud.
I hope that before 98, that the word gets out.
That Bob Dogs was the only guy we couldn't do without.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
The end times are upon us.
And things don't look so good.
Bob, Bob's had the answer but was seldom understood.
Worrying a heap of trouble.
Our books are in the red.
There is no joy in Mudville.
Now that Bob is dead.
So we prayed a mighty Jesus.
To do battle for Bob's soul.
We moved a dog and a pea dog.
For spring.

To drink the day of hope.
We pray to he who needs no name.
That we may need no slack.
And we pray to Wotan.
Please send our Bobby back.
Bob Dogs.
Bob Dogs.
Our lives are worth it.
Without you.
Bob Dogs.
Bob Dogs.
Oh.
Bob Dogs.
Oh dear.
What will we do?
Without Bob we are in a tight fix.
When the exes come to Kill Us just for kicks.
They may, were not in his grave, A lease of Geni would be safe.
But it is.
So our chances are nix.
But it is.
So our chances are nix.
No.
The game is over.

I was just acting like somebody was dead.

But it is.



WOTAN.
and the chance of finding a car
carcinoma or preventing one is perhaps about the same order of magnitude.
So you don't gain on the situation by advising cholecystectomy for the presence of stones
because of the possibility of carcinoma.
Well, what about the true church of the great green frog then?
We were talking about the frog milk which we are giving out today, but all it takes
to believe in the true church of the great green frog is a leap of faith.
Frog teas.
We'll be handing out welfare frog teas later on in the show.
Yes, we were.
The true church of the great green frog in a recent friendly leveraged buyout by Bob
Dobbs and his mighty church of the subgenius was bought out by the church of the subgenius
and the church of the great green frog and cults are us, the squid co. production.
Those friendly cephalopods down at squid co.
Yes, so remember to buy it and support Sid the Squid Cereal.
Okay.
And you are not only...
helping America's toxic waste disposal problems, you are also supporting a multinational conglomerate
secretly controlled by giant extraterrestrial squids.
Oh, that's so typical.
My girlfriend, she's so stupid, but she thinks she's so smart.
She's like, totally stupid, man.
She comes into my house the other day and sits in the kitchen with my mother talking.
I sit in the kitchen talking, right?
Me and my mother, we're talking in the kitchen, right?
I sit in the kitchen, right?
My mother talking, right?
Talking in the kitchen, right?
I sit in the kitchen with my mother talking, right?
Talking in the kitchen, right?
My mother, right?
Sitting in the kitchen, right?
Talking, right?
Jenny comes in.
Oh, hi, Jenny.
How's it going?
I'll go see Tom Petty in the hop, right?
Because I don't want to be able to check it out.
See the one with this one, say?
Yeah, the kind of little things written on them.
Yeah, I like the kind.
We're just talking, right?
While we're talking, Jenny reaches over to my mother, right?
Now, my mother's like 50-something.
She's kind of heavy, right?
She's got like big like pouches of skin like underneath of her arms.
And Jenny grabs him and starts like walking him back and forth and like laughing hysterically.
So I go, Jenny, my mother's not into it, right?
Like she doesn't like it when people do that, right?
But my mother's really cool, right?
She just like gets up and she goes over to wash and wipe and spray and dust and polish
and Windex and the insides of the handles of the module compartment, the piccolini compartment,
the mayonnaise compartment, the refrigerator.
Because you get really grungy if you leave more than a few hours.
Right?
Jenny follows her.
And she takes the spoon.
You know the spoon with the little holes in the bottom and the picture of Bullwinkle
that you use to ladle the five pounds of butter and lard into the Rice Krispie brownies, right?
She takes that and it's like a little melted from the dishwasher.
She takes down my mother's pants and sticks it like up her and starts like gooking it around.
Like, but my mother's really cool, right?
She like doesn't say anything, right?
She just like keeps washing and wiping and spraying and dusting and polishing.
Windex and spraying and polishing, wiping and washing and drying and spraying and polishing
and dusting and Windex and keeping up her end of the conversation, right?
Plus she's trying to distract Jenny saying, oh, Jenny, did you hear the new Men at Work album?
Jenny goes, who looks men at work?
Right?
Like the greatest rock stars.
Well, anyway, it doesn't matter.
Anyway, my mother keeps, you know, washing and wiping and spraying and dusting and polishing,
trying to distract her, singing little songs.
La, la, la, la.
Jenny keeps gooking it around.
I go, Jenny.
Jenny.
You don't just come into somebody else's house and start messing around.
We're going to do it.
We're the tableware.
Right then my father comes in.
Now, my father's like getting ready to go to work, right?
So he's got like about 19 wristwatches on each arm.
His body's papered with invoices.
He's got a cash register strapped to each side of his head and a computer terminal coming
out of his anus and his appointments are written on the back of his eyelids because he's getting
ready to go to work, right?
Jenny takes one look at him and she figures he's just like bobbed up, right?
Like she's like God, right?
Like big brother.
And she can just like make a judgment, right?
And like say who's...
Bobbed up.
Who isn't, right?
So she figures that gives her the right to take the company's dictaphone out of his mouth
and start shoving it in and out of his...
Dorsal bob receptacle.
All right.
And it's like the company's, right?
Like it doesn't even belong to my father, right?
But like that's cool, right?
Except after about 30 minutes, he starts to notice.
And I can tell he starts to notice because like, well, he doesn't really get an expression.
Right?
He doesn't really get any expression on his face.
But like there's two little muscles on the sides of his mouth that like wiggle a little
bit, right?
So I go, Jenny, he knows.
And pretty soon my father's going, the dictaphone.
Where is it?
Because it's time for him to dictate his inventory of ways to categorize systems of inventories
of category systems.
Meanwhile, my mother knows something weird is going on because she's looking through
the cabinets and she can't find the bow-winkle spoon.
Right then, Jenny starts to get really mean, right?
She takes apart the TV.
And she hooks it up to my mother's brain so whatever my mother thinks appears on the screen.
So like on the screen is this huge army stretching the horizon of nothing but Purdue oven stuffer
roasters.
And they're being led on a charge by Quincy and an 83 Cadillac.
And all the roasters are holding spray cans full of right guard, except Quincy's got a
bazooka full of cheese whiz.
And they're all like blasting away at the bad guy army of lesbians and Puerto Ricans
and household owners and bathtub rings and dogs that go to the bathroom on the lawn.
Right then, my brother comes in.
Now my brother's like going out with Jenny, right?
So they start like making out, right?
But after about two minutes, Jenny's going,
Alright, where is it?
Where is it?
Because my brother had unscrewed his bob.
And he keeps it in his briefcase because he doesn't like the crease it makes his pants.
Now as far as Jenny's concerned, that's like just weird, right?
Like she can just make a judgment, right?
Like she's God, right?
And she can just say, right?
That's weird, right?
So she goes off in the corner to masturbate.
Like that's like less weird, right?
Anyway, my brother says,
Jenny sees her masturbating and he goes to get his tape recorded
because he's doing this article about girls who like sex.
By the time he gets back, she's already stopped.
And he gets so pissed off, he decides he's not going to suffer for his art anymore
and he's going to learn a trade, right?
So my mother freaks.
So she sends him upstairs to work on his novel, right?
Now meanwhile, my mother's got her head in the oven
because he just colored her hair and she's drying it, right?
Jenny turns the heat down.
So it comes like slightly less orange, right?
My mother freaks.
So she calls her analyst, you know, to find out how to deal with her anger.
And her analyst tells her she's angry because of like, you know,
too much defense spending and like not enough social programs, right?
And the reason she lets that get to her is because she has to increase her daily intake
of Haldol, Tylenol, Thorazine, Mylonol, Stelazine, Lithium, Percodan, Ritalin, Valium, and Melarell, right?
So she does what she always does when she gets anxious.
She gives herself little tests about how much she remembers from McCall's articles
about the 10 best diet programs you can buy to make your 50-year-old tummy look like Suzanne Somers's.
Right then, my sister comes in.
Now my sister's really cool, right?
She's like totally hip, right?
She's like 5'9".
She weighs like 30, right?
She's got like no hips and no tummy and no cheeks and like purple lips and paisley chicken wire hair
and 40-inch heels and spandex nipples and about 20 cigarettes in her mouth and her nose and her ears.
And she had her cheekbones injected with silicone so they'd stick out.
Plus she had her eyes pierced.
She's really cool.
She's really punked out, right?
Now my sister's been on a little diet, right?
So she hasn't eaten anything in like three or four years.
You know, bring her cheeks in.
And her legs are starting to like flake off like a little bit, right?
Ginny tells her,
My sister freaks.
So she goes down to the Big Mac walk-in storage cooler we have in the basement, right?
She eats about 20 Big Macs, gets a blackhead on one cheek, sees it, and slits her wrists.
Now that's cool, right?
Like nobody says anything because everybody in the family figures, you know, that's like just her trip, right?
That's like what she's into, right?
So like nobody says anything, right?
Except she does it right next to the sudsy, does it?
Odorific, lucky, lemon-flavored, clean formula, dispensamatic.
You know, where you keep the fluid that softens the gloves you need to clean the special sponge that deodorizes the lemon-flavored coffee spout cleanser.
She bleeds all over the Simon & Zayt.
She's off to the next station.
My mother freaks.
No bounty.
So first she tries to dry it up with my sister's hair, right?
But it scratches the linoleum?
So then she tries to use the heavy-duty tarpaulin that my father used to keep the oxygen off his new $100 bills, right?
So he freaks because she's getting the serial numbers all mixed up.
And he tries to hit her, but he can't remember how to make a fist.
And anyway, he can't get the dollar bills unstuck from the fingers.
So when he hits her, one of the bills rips.
And this makes him feel an emotion, right?
Which puts an expression on his face.
right? So my mother freaks and she gets so scared she calls her analyst, you know, find out what
drug to take. Meanwhile, my brother hears all the noise, figures my sister must have tried to kill
herself for the third time this week, and comes downstairs to take notes. My father sees him
sitting on the floor instead of on the chair, figures he must need money, and offers him some.
My brother refuses money, right? So my father freaks out so bad he tries to kill himself by
leaving the house without his wallet, but as soon as he takes it out of his pocket, he starts to
suffocate. My brother has just started making the film of him suffocating when my mother finds out
her analyst is on vacation, and she tries to kill herself by standing in the bathroom without any
air freshener. Now, all this is cool, right? Like, I'm not saying anything because I figure it's just
like what they're into, right? It's just like their trip, so like I don't say anything, right?
Not Jenny. She figures she can just like make a judgment, right? Like she's like,
God, right? Like big brother, right? So she's decided that like my family's like bobbed up,
right? So she takes a machine gun my father uses for hunting household odors,
and she tells me to stand behind her. So I figured she was just gonna like wound everybody,
you know, get in the papers and get book offers. Not Jenny. She kills everybody,
plus she wrecks my brother's notes, plus she wrecks the tape recorder.
I go, Jenny, if you wrecked the notes, how are we going to write the hit novel about it?
Jenny goes, we're not going to write the hit novel. I go, Jenny, if you wrecked the tapes,
how are we going to make the hit single about it? She goes, we're not going to make the hit single.
So I go, Jenny, if you wrecked the tape recorder, how are we going to write the hit novel about it?
I go, Ginny, if we don't write the hit novel and we don't make the hit single,
how are we going to get into People's Court, Real People, and People magazine?
She says, we're not going to get into People's Court, Real People, and People magazine.
Now I know she's crazy, right?
I go, Ginny, if we don't get into People's Court, Real People, and People magazine,
what's the use in living?
Ginny just, like, looks at me, right?
And then she turns the gun on me.
I go, Ginny, you're a young person.
You're only supposed to hate grown-ups.
She says, yeah, but in 22 years, I never met any.
And then she turns the gun on herself,
and I go, Ginny, if we don't get into People's Court, Real People, and People magazine,
Ginny kills herself.
Right?
Like, no press conference, no talk shows, no soundtrack albums, no tour, no previews,
no big name backup, nothing.
Just, like, death.
Like, who's going to make rock and roll about that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.














Yeah.

Thank you, Bob for cleansing my memory.
Thank you, Bob for helping me see.
Thank you, Bob for helping me see.
And, Bob, I'll follow you all the way.
That's right, Bob, until that next day.
Thank you, him.









Thank you, Bob, for sending them pills.
Thank you, Bob, for finding me willing.
Teenage girls.
And Bob, I'll follow you always.
That's right, Bob.
Until that next day.
I love you.
I love you.
