there's no god there is evolution my savior cut me off you cut me off on the second day
bob appeared yeah what about him why did you tell me this story because your name's not bob
bob will come as sure as you're born just close your eyes a minute and imagine that you have all
the bob buttons you could possibly want brilliant four colored bob buttons wouldn't that make your
eyes pop yes gang they're really something you know kids everywhere are writing me saying what
a great kick they get out of these bob buttons they like the way the red black blue and yellow
colors stand out against the pure white enameled cap sweaters or jackets there's no question about
it gang these buttons are getting more popular every day but as i told you before you can't buy
these snazzy bob buttons anywhere nope
all you do is to see to it that mom puts in a good supply of bob buttons at your house
then you'll find the button in the inner wax bag it's a prize for you
the following is completely secret and absolutely serious it is the story of the universe
the everlasting infinite universal this is a tribute to bob and who am i i am just a nobody
for you are the infinite anti-infinity of matter anti-matter hello friends this is
bob vibrate oscillate modulate homogenization etc third dimension always think big pure love
i love you that's all folks for now two of your bobs will be coming coming mother the first will
be bob and his quips and comments and by the way bob's guest editor this coming week will be bob
the second will be that master of the easy style bob bob now it's bob through subversive measures
devo passes on the word of bob by uh we if you take a look at our last album cover his name's
been airbrushed into the rubber hairlines of each of the band members right next to the word sex
do bob and sex go hand in hand well bob is a kind of total all-consuming sex about the
only slack that i get anymore is worshiping at the holy temple of the yoni
oh yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes that's right hour of slack number what
is it one thousand four hundred and uh forty one four four zero that's a nice
meaningless number and uh
and tonight's show i'm gonna start off with a long
uh a sort of a sociological uh lecture from negative land as far as i know what i'm about
to play is um not it's from their tour of last year i don't think any of this is on an album yet
puzzling evidence handed me this cd the last time i saw him and um it explains everything
about music now i think
and now crosley bendix cultural reviewer and director of stylistic premonitions
for the universal media net web with today's arts review
good hello
good hello i'm crosley bendix and tonight's review
is about
feedback
tonight's review is about music
not this music or that music that's now all beside the musical point i want to make
no i'm talking about all music the whole shebang the entire kit and caboodle
whatever that is
yes every stitch in time every note and rhyme every type and kind
all the music that's ever been made by anyone anywhere
and what could i possibly say about all varieties of music that would apply to all those varieties
equally
well not much actually except for the one no longer avoidable fact that it's all been
done
and that's my pointless point here at the beginning of the 21st century it has finally
come to pass the time of the world's first musical record of the century and it's been
said that why a major matter nothing but the were not recapitalized
in exertion
of course things were done at the full brink of oblivion
some lacklusterоров the negotiation of the remix which i found very win!.



fathers




thanks for halloween
and dearly loved band
that. That would be impossible. To begin with, just how many newly interesting or moving
combinations of the same available notes everyone must work with do you think are still out
there untried? We have always been accustomed to assuming that there must be plenty of untried
note combinations left to discover, but actually this is no longer true. Decent musical possibilities
for combinations of available notes were never infinite, not when being quote good is still
a guiding principle for composers and musicians. I'm suggesting we're now past the point of
discovering anything good in music that has not already been tried. After so many centuries
of research and research and research and research and research and research and research and
centuries of manipulating and remanipulating the same scales up and down of a finite number
of notes, we have actually reached the end of all even slightly useful combinations.
While there's plenty of note combinations left that don't sound good, that's why they're
left. But all the great, good, sort of good, and hesitantly acceptable note combinations
have been used up long ago. Why do you think we're using them? Because they're not
useful. It's all about the melody, and the melody itself is not. Music is so boring now.
Just try to write any melody whatsoever that does not sound like a melody that already
exists. That's been difficult for some time, and now it's finally impossible. Why do you
think punk rock emerged, drenched in desperation? Do you think there was some kind of socio-musical
politics involved? No, vote again. All that angry angst was actually a result of false
about evading this melody problem,
if only for under one minute in musical history,
by eliminating melody altogether.
But so what?
Like every other kind of so-called new music,
that had been done before, too.
It's kind of sad, really,
to see how every avant branch of music
just continues on and on,
grasping at blind hope,
so delusional beyond repair,
in complete denial of the now simply obvious fact
that it's all been done before,
and nothing categorically new
will ever be possible in music again.
Get used to it.
The fact is, all possible types of musical concepts,
compositional approaches,
times, tempos, tones, timbres, arrangements,
instrumental combinations, ambiences,
and even extra musical additions,
have already been tried and successfully accomplished
somewhere from the classical to today's pure noise.
Oh sure, you can just keep rehashing many of this stuff
over and over again,
but it only displays a convenient loss of musical memory,
and nobody likes a copycat.
We are in a unique position in the history of music,
which should be clear to anyone who can get beyond
the typical mindset of music,
and the musical wannity which preoccupies
most musicians and composers.
Think about it categorically,
which is the only valid way to determine
whether something is truly new in practice.
Is it actually a brand new sprout of unique innovation,
or just another familiar twig on another familiar branch
of an old familiar tree?
To put it simply,
all the sprouts that can sprout have already sprouted.
Or, to put it another way,
all the sprouts that can sprout have already sprouted.
The musical tree is now so stuffed with birds
that there are no new perches available.
And by the woodsy way,
down here underneath it all,
we listeners are being splattered and smothered
with all this bird turd called music.
Tonal to atonal,
harmonious to dissonant,
simple minimalism to complex orchestrations,
naive to cerebral,
very pretty to pretty ugly,
acoustic to electro,
electronic,
indigenous to world influence,
one-note drones to polyphonic cacophony,
romantic to bitter,
pure noise to barely audible,
and even cage's silence.
Shockey to sophisticated,
serious to funny,
danceable to undanceable,
composed to improvised,
expensive instruments to household utensils,
folk to industrial speed metal,
Dada's anti-music to sing-along jingles,
computer functions to computer dysfunctions,
synthesizing and recombining all existing musical threads
in all possible combinations,
and not last nor least,
every conceivable sort of vocalizing.
Singing, yelling, shrieking, rapping, talking,
humming, yodeling, whistling, whispering, grunting,
lip, tongue, and teeth noises,
and heavy breathing have all been established
and reiterated in vocal music.
Yes, every possible musical practice has been done
and perfected, and more importantly,
every possible conceptual extreme,
the birthplace of new sprouts,
has already been tried,
successfully articulated,
and used up.
And most of all of this happened
for the first time a long time ago.
Yes, categorically or specifically,
it's all been done before,
and probably done better than you can do it again.
At this point in time,
there is no original kind of music at all.
Only barely disguised backtracking down
well-worn paths on the trail of music.
Right in front of us,
a kind of sound barrier blocks any forward movement,
beyond which only dogs can hear.
The human ear has been exploited in every possible way
and to every possible extreme.
There is nowhere new to go.
Oh sure, we all like to think that surely something new
will come along like it always used to before.
Eventually there will be gas music from Jupiter
or something.
But believe me, it's not going to happen.
There is no possible future sound in music
that will not remind us thoroughly
of similar sounds in the history of music.
If you can create one,
I'd like to hear it.
I can make you famous.
So, what's left?
Nothing new, that's what.
No use getting angry about it,
that's been done too.
Anyway, we did it to ourselves.
You can't spread out musically
to the degree we have done during the 20th century in particular
and expect new possibilities
to just continue appearing endlessly.
I repeat, music is a craft
of finite possibilities
and we have now used them all.
Beyond this, it is only possible
to regurgitate redundancies.
Music is now 100% in the business of reinterpretation.
The also funny thing is,
for most people, this is not so bad.
In fact, they hardly notice this is true.
Most music has always been about
reinterpreting something familiar.
Most pop...
Most music, pop or not,
has always been utterly familiar,
completely reminiscent of preceding music
and is repeating itself over and over, over time.
This is what most people seem to like about it.
Endless variations within well-established styles.
Talented personalities
who are able to create refurbished feelings of new
through their individual performance approaches
as they apply themselves
to their completely familiar,
unified and true musical forms and structures.
Now, now, now, please,
don't get angry.
I don't expect any kind of music crash anytime soon.
But for those among us who have always been interested
in the assumed potential to actually arrive
at categorically new musical structures
or categorically new kinds of sound,
we can now give up.
That potential...
I give up!
...no longer exists.
I give up!
Hold on there, Mr. B, you may say.
Why is it even important to have the possibility
for categorically new forms in music?
Well, I don't even want to hear that song.
Because if you don't have new forms,
music is relegated to being just a craft forever.
You squeeze the possibility of music being an art
right out of it.
Like a parking lot with no spaces.
You just drive around and around the same place,
listening to the same music on your putt-putt pod.
But before long,
before you unfortunately run out of gas,
you'll probably realize that in modern art,
as opposed to craft,
advancing is crucial.
The invention of new forms that contradict
and or supersede their own traditions.
New forms that allow it to be
designated art, not craft,
by some of our most advanced music critics.
Without any new forms left to invent,
music finds itself with only already known
and previously exploited tactics
with which to fool you into thinking
you never heard it before.
Our only solace may be that we can say
we were there when new musical invention
finally ended for good,
even as all the recombinant musical clones continue to die.
And one more thing,
for those modern music connoisseurs out there
who may be gesturing wildly
about the most recent categorical innovation in music,
the incorporation of found sound
in sampling and cut-up collage works
as if that was something new,
forget it.
All that began in the 20s
with electrical recording technologies
was already old when it reappeared
in digital technology.




And is now thoroughly entrenched in musical practice.
Collage, too, has nowhere new to go.
And already always sounds more or less the same,
no matter who is doing it.
Collage in music was simply the very last refuge
of the musically bored.
A desperate half-in, half-out musical stance
in a world filled with too many sounds already.
And that's why we're here today



to talk about the future of music.
A world in which the only new logic
was to be honestly unoriginal
and actually compose new works
out of old ones.
Recycling the now disposable plethora
of existing music
into slightly newer disposable music
and let it go at that.
Just temporary titillations
that unpredictably suck up the past
and reposition it into the present.
That's the future of music
and that's the end of music.
Thank you.
Oh, thank you,
Crosley Bendix of Negative Land.
Uh...
There we go.
Well, we're not going to listen
to the rest of their concert,
which is on this disc here, I believe.
Let's see.
Uh, yeah, Negative Land live at the Uptown,
December 17th.
December 29th, 2012.
Huh.
Just about a year ago.
That's an unheard Negative Land intro.
Um, the rest of it actually sounds
kind of familiar to me.
Like, somehow I...
I shouldn't recognize it,
but yet I did.
And I shall.
And, uh, it's cold here in the station.
Actually, a little bit.
It's very cold outside.
Tonight, as we record this,
the world is obviously ending,
freezing up.
Global forwarming.
And I'm all messed up.
The time...
Time is out of joint.
And, uh, time control has gone out of control
because Sunday came on Friday.
There was an open house here at WCSB Cleveland
on, uh, Friday, last Friday and today, Sunday.
Normally, we're always having dinar on Friday
with our friend, uh, I...
Reverend I. Doctor, Mr. Sister, and his son.
And we're always at the station on Sunday.
And yet, on Friday, we did not have dinar,
and yet we were at the station.
And I got so flabbergasted and time spun
that I ended up not...
I don't think I posted last week's live show
until about five minutes ago, uh,
in the middle of this live show.
So, isn't that...
It's like I say, it's time control going out of control.
Time control going out of control.
Princess We is here,
and she's, uh, preparing to...
to do a rant.
Uh, she's going to read a rant by someone else.
Uh, Reverend Chocolate Velvet posted her first rant.
I bet it wasn't really her first.
On, uh, our... our members-only forum, Scrub Genius.
Uh, accessible only to people who have the...
who know the secret handshake,
which happens on PayPal, actually.
So, um...
But I was expecting Lonesome Cowboy Dave to call in.
In fact, I... I went out of... I actually...
We... we dug up a big, uh, mess of extra phone time
for... for Dave, just to have him...
So I guess perhaps what we should do then
is, uh...
Um...
Forget about poor Dave for now.
And we will, uh...
What else can we do? I know what we'll do.
We'll do this.

Praise God!
Yeah!

佮
If everything looks crappy to you,
it's probably because you have your head up in your nether parts
or someone else's nether parts.
Pull it out and take a look around, you cynical bastards.
Screw your cynicism, okay?
Your precious boredom and indifference.
Your world weariness that inures you to the wonders and beauty of the world.
Screw your gravitas and your insistence on meaning and purpose and depth.
That heady bull stuff that takes you away from the things right in front of you,
waiting to be savored, lingered over, breathed in deeply over and over.
Screw your bitterness and contempt and hopelessness too.
The storming dark cloud, the crappiness you wrap around your head
to shield yourself from the excruciating sensation of unmitigated pure beauty
and the aching fullness of your own heart.
The light of Venus burns your eyes so you cower from it
and call it a day.
You call yourself tough and streetwise for doing so.
Believe that if you want to.
If you can ignore the fact that your pants are damp
because you just wet yourself a little in fear of that searing light.
The force of it crushes your stupid cynical poses.
But you cling to them anyway.
You are sad and weak because you feed on ugliness and resignation.
You're starving and still fatuous and self-satisfied.
What the crap is the point of that?
Oh yes, effing blind fools.
I scream in the face of your hard-heartedness.
In the name of love and beauty.
In defense of Venus, who's been beaten and raped
and whored out to the lowest common denominator.
In a world that reveres cynicism and doubt,
Venus,
has been reduced to a vapid bimbo.
An opportunity for distraction and decadence.
One to be dismissed or desired.
Something found only in a pair of implants and a pole dance.
An empty sweet to be consumed when we crave her comforts.
Perhaps in shame and without reciprocation.
Oh, I see you.
I hear your arrogant loser talk.
Tearing down what's been created and cultivated
by others with more courage than you.
Oh, that pretty stuff is merely decorative.
Eye candy, fluff and nonsense.
The implication being that beauty and sweetness
have no value in and of themselves.
Merely an opportunity for vanity or decadence.
Pretty young women are not to be taken seriously.
Handsome lads are probably douchebags.
Sweetie pies get screwed and they deserve it.
The world sucks.
Only idiots are distracted by the pretty stuff.
Wrong!
Screw that.
No!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Beauty is an emanation of the divine, whatever that is.
It is slack made visible, made tangible.
Glamour and decoration are invocations.
It is foreplay, stroking that special place of the goddess
to get those juices flowing.
And she's always there.
She's always there.
She's always ready for us.
If we call out to Venus, she comes over and over again.
When beauty comes, it must be honoured.
And it must be answered with an orgasmic spasm of yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Oh, God, yes!
Again!
Harder.
Deeper.
Drive that beauty, that aching sweetness so deep inside me.
Oh, God, it's so beautiful.
Don't stop.
Fill me up with the seeds of inspiration.
Inspired creativity.
Let me swell with the fruit of the goddess.
I will nurture and deliver it and raise it up to full flower as a form of service to
her.
As a healing act for myself and others, propagating the burning, transformative fever of the beautiful.
Inviting one and all to come and come again.
Beauty calls to beauty and it touches us to cull us into what is beautiful.




It is beautiful in ourselves.
You are so beautiful.
Don't you see?
Beauty is literally in the eye of the beholder and she is dying for lack of a home in our
way of seeing the world.
Don't you care?
You cynical schmucks.
Will you just watch her die?
Well, I guess that's all right if everyone understands that you knew that would happen.
You're so stinkin' smart.
You saw it coming.
Congratulations.
You're so smart.
What did you win?
Is your world a better place without her?
No.
If you pull your head out of that crappy place, it is obvious that Venus, or whatever name
you give her, is the great harmonizer of this cacophony of pink bull stuff.
She is calling us into accord with her voice as she sings out from every moment of our
encounters with the beautiful.
In the end, she is beautiful.
And I have to say, I'm not the only one who thinks that.



But you will find yourself in the presence of the beautiful in those moments.
When you find yourself in the presence of what is beautiful to you, answer her.
Reach out from the place in yourself that is the beholder of beauty.
Show gratitude for the love and harmony that you've known by offering replenishment to the
sources of that place in your life, be they people, places, things, whatever.
Stop being a cynical schmuck.
Let the pinks do that.
They're built for it.
Love what you find beautiful unabashedly and without any prejudice.

conservation of energy, for that way lies slack.
Love what you find beautiful, oh my yeti kin, or kill me.
That was the words of Reverend Chocolate Velvet, read by Princess Wee, and this is Lonesome
Cowboy Dave.
I'm sorry it took so long to adversely react to everything, but I had an enormous
debt to pay upstairs where my bathroom is.
Oh no.
Really enormous?
Did it hurt?
Oh yes, of course.
It has to hurt to feel good.
I see.
I didn't catch that.
Something happened up in Dave's bathroom that hurt and felt good.
He had to pay to his fixture up above.
Oh.
You may call it an accumulation.
He had to give up.
Oh.
Carrots.
I thought so.
Many islands from places far beyond our reckoning.
You can't get there easy.
I forgot what the stumble bum was.
Have you been arguing about the political circus or have you been a part of it?
Neither one.
We were transcending it, or rather Princess Wee, when you were a light to the...
Potty.
The show potty.
Princess Wee read the rant by Reverend Chocolate Velvet, which was not a very, what you would
call a typical subgenius hate rant.
It was more of a Connie-ite love rant.
Oh, the music in the background on that was the Flying, no, the Fly-In Ryan Brothers.
It's not Fly-ing if you try to Google them.
It's Fly-In Ryan Brothers.
That's Ryanetics.
The Fly-In Ryans.
Fierce heterosexuals.
Fierce.
We argue.
Airstwhile.
Fierce.
Fierce.
Fierce and Airst...
Firstwhile.
Thirstwhile.
And Faustian.
Don't forget Faustian, another famous word that you can use whenever you want to feel
a little bleak, like your muscles in your legs.
And Airstwhile.
I sold my soul to...
Actually...
It was a peanut vendor.
Monee, Monee.
Monee, Monee?
How could you do that?
I always had trouble with Monee.
It's killing me.
Monee.
Goobers.
Goobers, what?
Goobers, what?
You sold your soul to the peanut vendor?
Yeah.
How could you do that, Dave?
It was hot and fresh and salted, just like this reality is.
Goodness.
Overcooked.
It's crisp.
Yeah.








I mean, it's...
It's caused you to live longer, some people say.
Ah.
Most people...
Well, if it causes you to live longer, then I approve.
Yeah.
What if you had more...
What if you had more than one foreskin?
You had a five skin or something like that.
Then you'd really be...
You'll bleep better if you were wearing the right equipment.
Are you making fun of me again, Dave?
I was trying to, but...
The five skins.
It's more elliptical.
I forget which part of you I was making fun of.
Well, we're all...









We're all confused.
This has been one of those confusing days and weekends.
I don't know if I mentioned to you, Dave, that I had...
We had so much fun doing the show last week that I forgot to post it on the internet until
just a little while ago.
Can you imagine?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think I sent you a...
You got a copy of it before the internet did.
So much for modern technology.
At least I don't have a false ovary on my head like some of your listeners.
Hey, hey, hey.
Don't talk...
Those listeners were the ones who donated.
The ones with the false ovaries.
The ones with the real ovaries on their heads didn't pledge a dime.
Not a thin, thin dime.
Yeah, but they were promised just the same as they pledged.
And some of them were let down because they were not fertile.
If you know what I mean.
We're talking about the gifts of...
Not Artemis.
What's the one with really ample booty?

There's Fatima, Georgette.
Kardashian.
Kardashian.
Yeah.
Or...
Kardashians.
The dim.
The news.
The news.
Kardashian out.
Yeah.
The news is Kardashian out and have not been doing their offerings, I suppose, or their
leavings, droppings, whichever you might call them.
Oh, it's sad.
It is sad.
It's sad.
It's very depressing.
It's very depressing.


One minute the universe is expanding, the next minute it's like a...
And then the next thing you know, it's just praise Bob all the way down.
Praise Bob.
Nice Bob.
Yeah.
I want to know, I want to know if there's any possibility that I can relate one incident
or two incidents of real realness which will brand me forever as being totally insane.
I want to hear.
I want to hear.
Aren't some people crazy.
Yeah, some people are.
Uh-
I don't know.
Who were you just selling watches at?


They're usually chupacabras, aren't they?
They gave some sort of credence, in my mind, to the thing that I laughed at of chupacabras,
that there are no such...
We know every kind of animal there is around.
There's been no evolution because of scum or...
Or radiation.
Is there a lot of fallout there in Ashtabula?
Yes, there certainly is.
Yeah, it's the Perry...
Perry Mason Nuclear Power Plant or something like that?
Some of these morphed animals are probably quite legit.
Plus, they used to warp plutonium here by the factories and so forth.
It's quite a hot locale.
Well, didn't you write a novel about the hotness of that locale at one point?
Whatever happened to that thing?
Weren't we going to self-publish it?
Lonesome Cowboy Dave wrote this novel called Infomercial or something like that
that was...
It was great.
It's called Neighbor World.
Right.
It was called InfoScan originally, but apparently a whole lot more companies are calling themselves InfoScans.
Right.
Thought Neighbor World would be tastier.
And I've been editing it for more than a year now.
Gary, a friend, said he would do it.
And since I've gone insane recently, I'm...
But it has more to do with social media.
It's just the same way you have, like...
Friendly things that tell you to go faster or it'll kick you or make fun of you and stuff like that.
Yeah, my exercise machine.
Yeah.
You're not supposed to be friends with your furniture, man.
Well, we're not exactly friends.
Our furniture is bossing us around is what's happening.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's calling us names, usually involving our weight.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It says, Step...
We have this doohickey.
Somebody gave us.
It's called a Wii.
Has no connection to Princess Wii.
Spelled differently.
And...
It's themed exercise machines.
It comes on your computer or your TV monitor, actually.
And it tells you a little person appears and starts bossing you around.
It says, Stand on me.
Okay, you weigh too much.
Get to work.
Jerk.
You've been staying up too late.
Have you been drinking?
You know...
You have to breathalyze it.
It's got this little...
A G-jaw, it's called.
A doohickey.
Yeah.
That you put...
It can see you and it can weigh you and it can feel you.
And it gets right up in your grill and bosses you around.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that comes with this.
It's called...
It's supposedly like a game.
But it...
First, it programs you to lose weight.
And then it programs you to just do whatever it says.
And I don't know what it's going to do next.
That's dangerous.
It's the part we've been worried about.
It's the part we've been worried about.
Indeed.
See, at least in my novel there, you can fire those guys.
You can delete them.
You can say, at some point in time, you can say,
Okay, that's enough abuse.
Stop giving this to me or I'm going to delete you.
And they stop.
Ah.
Well, we have...
I don't know if they have...
We have...
We can turn it off and turn it on.
But the problem is, after we turn it off, we turn it on.
And once you turn it on, it's got you again.
You know?
It's like you're going to have to wait through the whole load in.
Then you have to load yourself in.
Then you're in there.
It's like that movie Tron.
You can't...
You know, you get...
You thought you were the programmer.
And you get sucked in.
And you're just another one of the sprites going,
I don't believe there's such a thing as a user.
I think that's just...
I'm a skeptic.
I don't believe in the user.
Exactly.
Exactly.
What kind of world do they have planned for us?
Indeed.
And who is the user?
And when is the user?
Ultimately, it all...
All become sampled up into one big, gigantic weave of insanity
where human beings lose their very humanity.
And this is also written in books by regular anthropologist-type guys
and scientists like Bill McKibben and stuff like that.
Not just us or you or me or they or we.
I mean, literally we.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But him and them.
Well, but the thing...
What I'm...
What I'm concerned about is that Tron actually had it backwards.
That we were, in fact, created by the computer robot minds a long time ago.
We don't know it.
We're just programmed.
So to us, this is the real world.
The computer beings have just lately started to let us know.
They're easing us in on the fact that we're just in the Matrix.
And I mean, not like in the movie, The Matrix.
I mean, we never had a...
We never had a physical body.
And they're just slowly letting...
They've introduced the concept of computers to us.
And then the concept of video games bossing us around.
I mean, how often does your computer really do something for you?
No, you're doing stuff for it.
You're the one who's sitting there working and slaving away.
It's just kind of coming along.
Stroping it gently.
Arguing with what little...
What false deities there may be for it to continue to operate.
Or else you won't be able to breathe normally.
You won't be able to have a sandwich and enjoy it.
You look down at your little handset and text somebody
while you're flying as fast as you can through the robot...
The robot Vista you've created yourself.
No, what I'm saying is we've been doing this all along.
This isn't something new.
The machines are just now kind of easing us in to the idea that maybe...
We were the ones that were serving them.
And we're the programs that go wacky.
And that's why my shoulder hurts.
And that's why God is in the machine.
And none of us want to be atheists yet.
And so that's why we get down on our hands and knees and thank our own selves.
There's things and people, if you could call them people, like Bob.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
He's out there.
We've got Bob.
We've got Bob.
We've got Bob.
We've got Bob.
We've got Bob.
Yeah, we've got Bob all right.
Bob, Bob today.
Hi, Bob.
Bob.
Yeah, I was afraid of that.
It's hard to get rid of him.
Bob, Bob.
It's like when you pull the chicken beak off of a tiny little baby chicken
when you're in a real bad mood or something and you live in a rural area.
And say maybe you've just wandered into somebody maybe 20 miles away's chicken coop area
and you're just looking for...
I have Bob Dobbs.
Well, believe me, it's a lot.
Mr. Dobbs, can you hear me?
And I believe, and I believe Bob Dobbs.
Mr. Dobbs, can you hear me?
High in the sky.
High in the sky.
Mr. Dobbs, I'm afraid I'm losing you.
And I thank you very much, very much.
Morphed animals.
Well, that was it.
That was a morphed animal.
We thought we had Bob on the phone, but he ducked out.
He bobbed out, you might say.
Right?
He'll bob you out.
If you don't love Bob, he'll bob you out.
That is the massive plank of superstition and self-controlled inequity
that the Uber mentioned and the smaller mentioned,
and any other mentions and stuff like that you want to mention.
This is the flack.
The Uber mention.
The flackism that Bob throws up whenever he's attempting to be clear.
You, one, attempt to communicate.
You, one, attempt to communicate with him.
Because when the brain cells become really, really, really, really, really fine and fuzzy,
they resemble a kind of dander on the skull, under the skull, kind of an interior dander.
Ew, dander under the skull?
Ew.
Where you can't get it with blue goose regimen.
It's the kind of place you never want to be.
It's full of flock or whatnot.
Not slack, indeed.
Of course it's not slack.
It's schlock or whatever they call that stuff that the radio planes drift into your forehead.
Schlock can come when you throw good money at it.
Oh, no.
Not another homily by that guy.
No.
In fact, I realized I better fade that down because there's one with two X's coming up right after it,
and I know what that means.
Boing, boing.
Yep.
Yep.
That means the...
That means I would have to...
I'd have to have my thing on the delay dump so that nothing nasty happened.
You have to whack the delay dump button with your thing.
And once you do that, you take a lot of risks.
Y'all vote, our common dog.
Y'all vote.
Your digits could be consumed.
I like hearing that from my alter ego.
What?
I don't even know if that sounded like a word.
Hey, listen.
You don't need one.
Oh, that's the sound I love to hear.
Our fighting force is in action.
Yeah, it sounds like your old phone.
Oh, yeah.
Well, it's a coarse thermometer kind of feeling.
The kind of inconsequential pain we have to endure just to continue suffering.
I don't want to say it's elliptical, but it all gets back to really flabby center.
The name...
The evil of the universe, you might call it.
Your own...
Right, the flabby center does not hold.
Yeah.
Right.
Flabby midsection of...
And the good old UXAs we used to say in compadre land.
Because they sure beaten up enough of the beezers around here.
Righto.
So I guess I was wondering if you accept mom or if mom accepts you, can you be...
Do you get to go...



Go to the party or are you an...
An alien?
If you accept Bob, you are the party.
You become the party.
Well, I don't want to join the party.
My great uncle was a communist back in the early days and I guess that wasn't so bad.
And he said that he went to a meeting one time and they made him eat cheese dip.
Which he completely deplored.
And he said, from this day on, I'll never...
I'll never go to one of those damn communist meetings again.
Well, forcible cheese dip eating can do that to a person.
Well, I guess it's time.
Honey, could you come and tuck me in and tell me a little twinkle before?
Oh, sure, darling.
I can come in here.
Here, just lay down here.
Let me pull this cover up around your neck.
Oh, it feels like one of those rubber ducks.
The Reverend Ivan Stang is always waving at the Dob's head.
If it isn't one thing...
Is your blanket woven of pure woven ducks?
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

You have gone too far in trying to convert this man to your wicked, wicked ways.
As you can see, he has turned bright green from the lack of floral devices.
Also, he could use a new pavement around the derriere.
And it's a sweet, deplorable situation.
Just another derriere touch-up?
Huh?
Just a derriere touch-up?
No, no, no, not yet.
Because it would be too late for him.
Plus $256 to P-Box Bob contains over 40 step-by-step detailed written instructions for each box.
Bob had been blazing on their vests, the funny suits with the big shoes.
Someone called them a bunch of damn bozo clowns going around from door to door, you know,
talking about Bob Dobbs.
Hey, I'll give you, you give me a couple bucks or a sandwich and I'll kill you.
Or give me this brochure, this leaflet.
So they figured he was worse than the Mormons.
Mormonism.
They probably figured right.
And set him home.
Yeah.
And let him go out.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can be used against you in a court of law.
You have the right at this time to talk to Bob.
Bob?
That's obscene.
I've never heard anything like that before in my life.
Haven't either.
I hope I get to hear something like that again sometime in the near future.
Especially with the big deal going through.
You know what I mean, honey?
I do.
It's quite befuddling, isn't it?
It certainly is.
But in the meantime, could you squeeze my leg gently?
I guess I could.
Is it hurting?
You need the squeezing?
Well, it's...
Some relief from pain?
Yeah, well, I could always feel better, if you know what I mean.
Sure.
Put it right there.
Mm-hmm.
Bob, hey.
A little bit higher.
How's that?
Okay.
A little bit higher.
Okay.
Oh!
What?
What's that?
What's that?
What?
Oh, it's a little...
Does that tickle?
...Bob's head.
No, it's not a gherkin.
It's a little Bob's head.
Look at that witch come from.
She took the potato salad.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
3.15 p.m.
Frank and I went back to stage two.
We talked to Bob and got the same story from him.
Bob's fingers were taken and they matched those found on the map.
At this point, there's a possibility that Bob is not a gherkin.
Bob's fingers were taken by Sergeant Fireday.
Did you know that Fireday was a gherkin?
Did you know that Fireday was a gherkin?
And so is his man, Saturday?
No.
His friend, Frank?
No.
I think...
He had a big head.
Nine.
He was much bigger than me.
I did not know.
Yeah, you could see parts of his brain were exposed and he liked it that way.
Oh, my.
Yeah, he knew he'd have to come sooner or later and he would do that again.
Hey, listen.
Oh, this is Timothy Larry reminding you that just as you need slack...
Bob needs your help.
Send in those pledges and praise Bob.
A malignant cancerous growth eating at the spiritual health of the American...
That was the real Tim Larry.
Oh, my God.
Yep, he loved us.
He loved Bob.
Tim did.
He loved Bob almost as much as he loved LSD.
What year did he pass into the great beyond or whatever you call it?
I don't know.
We were just reading a book by him in Are You Serious?
called...
Design for Dying.
Right?
Yes.
Isn't that the name?
Design for Dying.
But we only got as far as reading all the information about prostate cancer and then
we weren't interested in anything else.
Like the dying part.
We were just interested in the prostate cancer part.
So as to avoid dying, if you know what I'm saying.
It's easier to digest.
Harder to swallow, but easier to digest, I suppose.
If you like those oriental vegetables.
Like some people do.
But his asking for pledges gives us another chance to thank all the people who pledged money.
That's true.
Thank you, everyone who pledged.
If we didn't give you a shout out before, this isn't one either.
Because we can't remember which ones we shouted out and who and what.
No, we just think all of them.
Thanks, Reverend Molotov-Kovka.
That's one.
That's one.
That we didn't shout out earlier.
Dr. Doc.
Dr. Doc.
Probably, yeah, we mentioned Dr. Doc.
Dr. Doc.
Yeah, anyway, yeah, well, we really appreciate all that.
A snout out?
A Dr. Doc.
A snout out to Dr. Doc.
Being such a wonderful subgenius and a wonderful human being in some oblique way, once again,
like the Dorsus Latimus, you know.
The Dorsus Latimus?
This Dorsus Latimus.
Oh, yes, and there was all about the apostasy I remember now.
The great apostasy.
Yes, the great apostasy.
The hell is it?
Dumb.
Dumb.
What would you do without him?
I'll tell him.
You're going to tell him?
What?
Silent breathing.
Bob?
Oh, man, that was one by Ivan and the Bartelons.
Or Ivan Switch-Noise.
It was I-I-I-I-Ivan Stagg.
I-I-I-I-Ivan Stagg.
I got that from you, Dave.
You said that on a show about a month ago, and I heard you say it, and I copied it, and
he went, I-I-I-Ivan Stagg.
We learned it from you.
We learned it.
From you, Dave.
Yeah, it's only silly because it's translingual.
If you were at the barbecue right now, you'd know better.
You'd know that Bob is never going to help us.
Yes, he will.
He will help us if we join the Church of the Subgenius, using subgenius.com to do that.
Oh, by the way, the collages in the background that have been burbling up were mostly by
Fernanda Nandalee Murr.
The music.
This has all been by the Flying Ryan Brothers, who now do play out in the Chicago area, I
understand.
Those lucky Chicagoans.
So, and Dr. Sinister has just slid in.
Yes!
At the last second.
And I have a grudge against Chicago.
Why?
I blame Chicago for the Asian carp in Lake Erie.
They found them here?
But can you really hold that against Chicago?
I mean, it was...
I thought I...
I saw one.
Yeah.
The sanitary canal that they have connected the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River.
Two watersheds that never mixed before.
I see.
Oh, and so that's where the soylent carp are coming from?
Yes, the soylent carp.
The invasive species?
The zebra mussels and the lion bones?
Actually, the zebra mussels did a lot to clean up the lake.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're...
They're a shellfish, Joe.
Yes, except for they were irradiated, but...
Yeah.
Are the zebra mussels the shells that piled up on the beach like snow?
I think so.
Yes.
You know, white shells piled up like snow.
Are they striped like zebras?
Are they striped like zebras?
Yes.
Maybe that's where the name came from.
Zebra mussels.
And they're...
Yeah, and they're strong.
They're real strong.
They...
Yeah.
They gather on our intake valves.
We're going to change the name of the city to Zebra Mussel Shoals.
Whoa.
Sweet home, Ohio.
This is a good one.
Hi.
Hi.
I hope Neil Young can remember.
Ohio man doesn't need him around.
No, that doesn't work at all.
That just doesn't work at all.
Oh, well.
And I...
And many of our friends don't work at all.
And...
Many of them hardly work.
And many of them are consumed with work.
They're such a...
We're some form of...
As if it were consumption.
Yes.
Consumed as if it were consumption.
You want to hear the...
You want to hear the saddest thing of all?
I'm at work right now.
This is actually...
I'm on the job.
Boo hoo.
And I do not feel like giving myself a raise tonight.
It's a moment of perpendicular joy.
I've been working the same job...
Big old fat one.
...for almost seven years.
Seven years now.
And I've gotten one 50-cent-an-hour raise in the last seven years.
Good God.
I've been working the same job for 30-something years.
And I've...
I'm making less now than I ever did just about.
Well, talk about universal...
But at least you don't have anyone else to blame but yourself.
We almost forgot.
Slack Friday.
I can't...
There's some things I can't talk about on the radio.
But on subgenius.com, I'm going to explain Slack Friday.
Which happens this week.
This week after the Thanksgiving.
Is this a shopping-related event?
Yeah.
So that's why I've got to be careful about it.
You're just vaguely hinting at the fact that people might be able to purchase things at subgenius.com.
If they were so inclined.
One and a half for one kind of a thing.
And a certain person may or may not stand a profit from it.
A fraction of the cost.
Just a mere fraction.
Well, you could save your loved ones.
Whether they know you're saving them or not.
Even if they're dead.
If they've been dead for years.
In fact...
The Mormons will baptize dead people.
Reverend Just John baptized Brigham Young and Joseph Smith in the Church of the Subgenius.
Praise God.
Posthumously.
He actually...
That's brilliant.
He paid for it, too.
That's the important thing.
He actually paid for it.
So, friends, are you as rich as Just John?
Who, by the way, I think is still trying to get work.
Sound familiar?
Huh?
Heh heh.
Heh heh.
Yeah, another guy didn't have any work.
Joseph Stalin, once again.
Now, wait.
How did he get in there?
We haven't bought him a posthumous Subgenius membership.
No, sir.
I thought you said somebody baptized him.
From subgenius.com.
No, that was Joseph Smith.
My great, great, great uncle.
Well, that was his phony name.
His real name was Joseph Stalin.
But his real name was Grigory Gorzovich Andraslavian or something like that.
It wasn't even Stalin originally.
It was Stalino.
Stalino.
But, you know, because of anti-Italian prejudice around the turn of the 20th century,
he dropped the O off the end of his name.
Turn of the 20th?
How about turn of the 21st century?
He was just like another great people.
Anti-Italian prejudice?
That happens every day somewhere.
I've been told.
Well, mainly it's just directed at Silvio Berlusconi.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Yes.
He had too many boners or too many times during too many.
He was a very bad man.
Well, speaking of bad people.
Well, no one cares about that.
I have to say, this is WCSB Cleveland.
And Bob loves you.
There.
There was my cut point.
I have to say, Bob loves you.
When you say WCSB Cleveland, you've said it all.
Wow.
Yeah.
He's the king of weirds.
Bob is the baddest man of all.
He loves you.
He gloves you.
He gloves you.
My friend.
He gloves you.
Gently.
Gently.
Pulling back the line.
Your cheeks and your nostrils.
Peering deep inside.
Snipping the excess hairs with his little tiny scissors.
Cheat love and hollandaise sauce.
Bob is a great barber who will clip even the homeless.
A cosmic barber.
He shaves everything down as it should be.
All uniform length so that things may regrow in their proper order.
And given the proper circumstances under the neutral positive conditions,
Bob gave you a haircut down on Skid Row, didn't he, Dave?
That one time.
Yeah.
I learned how to shave my head with a soup can, the top of a soup can.
We did have can openers.
And you could get them sharp enough that you could rip the shards, the fronds of your hair
right off the side of your head and throw them down on the ground and say,
I spit upon urban society and the commercialism that is rampant around us.
And I spit upon this inferiority complex.
That's a waste of spit.
And then you say, and how come I can't get a job anywhere?
I spit upon the society.
I carve my face up.
Hire me.
I say, poo-poo on nine to five works and you quit your day job and slack off and you may die and stuff like that.
Well, I say, that's my job in between my job as a greeter at Costco.
Just don't carve up your scalp with a can, okay, man?
Yes, but you've never been a grumpy old woman with a can.
At least sharpen the can.
Yeah.
And stack up the tears around your neck.
All day long at work, I say, welcome to Costco.
I love you.
And then at night at work, I say, welcome to Church of the Subgenius.
I love you.
Or actually, it's more like, welcome to Church of the Subgenius.
I hate you.
But it's said with as much feeling on either one.
I really don't care in either case.
This is all wish fulfillment, dear.
You know?
Yeah.
It's like I retroactively guard the emotions.
I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like,

I smile tenderly.
And then I go, I go, what do they look like?
You better not stop this when you're in here.
And I say, have a nice day.
And I turn around.
And I look in a real direction.
Oh, that didn't work.
Oh, well.
Well, he didn't actually say what it sounded like you said.
Oh.
Oh, good.
That's one of the advantages of preserving your hair.
God, that hurt my arm to hit that delay that wasn't turned on anyway.
Yeah.
Isn't it great to have your itchy trigger finger on the big red button, though?
I've never had.
That's the first time I ever even reached for it.
But didn't you just get a total high right there?
Like, wasn't that like better than your first orgasm?
No, Dr. Stimester, not at all.
Partly because I have an impenis...
You mean you don't fantasize?
...shoulder rotator cuff, and it hurts to push buttons like that.
It actually hurts.
You mean you don't constantly fantasize about nuking everybody?
No.
I don't do that kind of show.
Oh.
Your show's about to begin, and I must fade out my show.
I'm sorry.
I can't identify with people who don't think like me.
Well, friends, enough of all of this fun.
I have to fade these voices out and leave the music up.
Dr. Stimester has to take over and do his show.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Friends.
We're glad you listened to this show, and we're even more glad that some listeners have
donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you, you should
go to subgenius.com front page, or especially the radio page, or the catalog.
And help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty, and we don't want any subgeniuses
to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that glow jobs.
You could go the way of Steve Jobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to Subgenius Foundation.
P.O.
Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
