I
Suppose it's true after all if so all you vindictive
Moralistic pseudo Christians who make Jesus look so petty all you right-wing ideologues who lie cheat and steal in the name of the Lord
To grab people's hearts minds and money all you self-righteous moralists who think that you know what God Almighty wants us to see
hear think and do
Don't let your mind go to hell
Save it listen to
The
Oh
Friends friends friends friends this week we go even further back in time than last week
In fact, we go back to last century last millennium indeed with a rerun of hour of slack number
257
Which was broadcast in
1997
And happened to be our five-year anniversary show
Whoop tee doo
We're actually in our 24th year now, and we're really on our of slack number
1204 but my online subgenius history and cult management class is still running at Robert Anton
Wilson's maybe logic Academy maybe logic net so reruns are appropriate as well as
a necessary
Don't worry though friends will drag lonesome cowboy Dave and ourselves back to the studio soon and meanwhile you get to hear what the show was like in the olden times of the last millennium when we actually wrote scripts for our rantings this episode also features some pieces especially one by Joe Paulino that have since become true classics in retrospect this episode also features some pieces especially one by Joe Paulino that have since become true classics in retrospect
They were true classics then too I suppose we also get to hear
puzzling evidence
broadcasts from
KPFA and Berkeley that are so old that you still hear st. Palmer
Freedies also known as lies because in those days
He was a regular and irregular regular at that show by the way the puzzling evidence show actually predates our slack having
started in
1982 although I was
there for the first two episodes of it and maybe someday we'll play those in the future friends in the far future and
Speaking of which near the end of this show is a lecture about the current so-called
modern man delivered by a
future man homo correctus the overman of the future
Don't ask me how we got that recording
the guy talking on it sounds like
Me as a teenager anyway onward and upward we go into the deep past with
1990s hour of slack number
257
nine hundred and forty seven shows ago praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Prize Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Praise Bob
Mary shameful
know
Not a
Little amount. I can get out there to be the old guy want you back right in the exchanges behind the wrongodors to preserve we need to be blame for our
Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. I Jesus deszczovich bichtenberg geMoon didn´t shit you Run-tron operation set has all the ghost selling fun I have uh videos uh shit keep fighting me out the horoscope. I'll never dot pf I hope this do not work I am the prince of the sunn zaschut OSOMENinc zunderman please go 기억 auf dem 좋as!
Are you near?
I'm after you now.
Poor Bob.
I almost felt sorry for him.
Almost.
And these days, Bob has grown accustomed to a very different lifestyle.
Oh, no, no!
Please, God, help me!
Oh, no, no!
Please, God, help me!
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Welcome back to the Hour of Slack.
This is a special, special broadcast tonight.
I have a lot of feeling in my heart because this is our five-year anniversary.
Five years, dear friends, this show.
Hour of Slack number 257.
Marks the fifth year of the word of Bob reaching out across the airwaves.
Reaching out for those subgeniuses and those slackless ones who need the slack that Bob can give.
So, we've tried to put together a special show.
Uh...
One that will bless your heart and bring you closer to the dogma and the doctrine of Bob's church.
The church of the subgenius.
I hope it'll help you to understand Bob better.
To understand his...
Your fellow...
Members.
And yourself.
Praise Bob.
Oh, no!
She kept saying over and over and over again, it's wonderful, wonderful.
And she said as fast as she could, wonderful.
This is wonderful.
This is wonderful.
Everything that happens to you, every second of every minute of every hour of every day,
remember silently to name it wonderful.
This is wonderful.
And whatever you name, anything in your life, you want it to come for you.
Ah-hoo!
Are we ready for our time travel experiment?
Then set the chronons for Nexus 3.
Okay, the code is I love pretty words.
I love pretty words.
I love pretty words.
I love pretty words.
Now, as you can see, off in the distance, leaving space for it.
I love pretty words.
Boing oing oing oing oing oing.
Boing oing oing oing oing oing.
Boing oing oing oing oing oing oing.
Boing oing oing oing oing oing oing.
And so history was made, or rather unmade, as they went back in time.
Past the fighting minute man, past the armored knight, past the Roman warrior,
to this prehistoric site.
Hi, how are you doing?
But we overshot our mark and we went zillions of years into the past, into the area of nothingness and chaos
that existed before the universe.
The primordial vacuum cleaner.
The dust balls of space.
Millions of miles across.
Gigantic hairballs.
And lint filled the cosmos.
Nel SSD's.
A
the
the
Lord God of hosts, Hosanna in the highest.
In your super band, good God.
Having a night, here's the popcorn.
Lord of mercy, God of mercy.
Lord of mercy, God of mercy.
Christ of mercy, Christ of mercy.
Christ of mercy.
Christ of mercy.
Christ of mercy.
Christ of God.
Christ of risen.
Christ, he gonna come back.
Right on time.
Ha!
I ain't worried.
You can get under my roof.
So give it up.
I turn it up.
Ha!
Like my God, who take away the sins of the world.
Have mercy.
Like my God, who take away the sins of the world.
Man of peace.
Ha!
He's super bad.
Ha!
Good God.
Ha!
Ha!
He's super bad.
Super, super, super bad.
Oh my God, I'm hot inside.
So have a little faith in me.
And I depend on my sins, my baby.
Oh, me, nah, yeah.
Huh!
If you funky down there.
Oh!
Ha!
Y'all be with you.
Yes, you do.
Y'all be with you.
Yes, you do.
Ha!
Make God bless you.
Yes, you do.
Make God bless you.
Yes, you do.
Please.
Get fly.
Oh, get fly.
Please.
Ha!
God, the Holy Spirit.
Praise God.
Huh!
He's good God.
Praise God.
Good God.
Praise God.
Mass has ended.
Praise God.
Go in peace.
He's turning you into God.
Praise Jesus Christ!
Praise God!
He's going to word you in heaven.


Welcome back Mass 沒有inctions.



Rejoice!




He is plain He is the end.
That words that God i we have today asks that you ask had not bez assez articulate the daunciación
me Where the heps have placementism made it cielo.
Their kept on going through a stuffy smile there, there's, there has been no focus in you, there hasn't been a focus on dem 2016 but at once theO'FellaOnClimx comes from Saursky Bay.
Down in my wallet where I keep my gold
A diamond in my house is after my soul
A smiling creek, a Dallas hat
He claims to deliver me eternal slack
Eternal slack, eternal slack, eternal slack
He's got a little snack for a honey in the car
A big deal up in the downtown bar
It's tight up, it can't go far
I don't even know what sex it are
I'll send my money across the sea
To a land called the land where I want to be
And all I know is I'm a man
When Bob Dobb takes my cash and I'm free
When Bob Dobb takes my cash and I'm free

My cash from me
I say, no
Wonderful, dear friends
What that man Bob can do for you
Ah, yes
This is one of those good old times
Of genius gospel shows
I'm sure just brimming over with the spirit
I don't even care if you are
That's how in the spirit I am
I don't even care
But we do it because of love, dear friends
Oh, praise Bobbie
You're welcome
Bob would be for the job
Forgetting your iPhone
Andphone
Ahn Someone on

It's like I'm part of this massive conspiracy to lure unsuspecting people into spending all their money on image-enhancing products that in reality they little need nor ill can afford.
The strange thing is, the more guilty I feel about this situation, the better my work is.
My delivery has improved tenfold since the Iraqi crisis.
I work four or five times a week.
I've even upped my rates.
Just think what would happen in the event of an all-out war.
Thinking about it almost makes it worth thinking about.
But as good as I get at my work, I'll still be only a mouthpiece, a conduit for someone else's concepts,
a faceless spokesman for companies who want you to believe their advertising campaigns only a little bit more than they want to believe in them themselves.
Now what do you think?
Am I cutting my own throat here?
Biting the hands that feed me by verbalizing these thoughts on a demo line, an audio billboard for the commodity that I have become?
I don't know.
I can't answer that.
But I do know this.
This country has a long and proud tradition of lying to its own people to serve its own best interests.
And advertising is only one small part of that conspiracy.
Regardless of what I may have told you over the radio,
nothing you can buy,
or even sell,
will make you a better person.
A happier person.
A more spiritually connected person.
Can provide you with the things in life that are truly important to the soul.
There are things that can never be turned into commodities and marketed.
And these things must be searched for within each of us individually.
Our future as a country is built upon lies and deception.
And if you don't think that you're only three paychecks away from that disgusting bum you just passed on this planet,

then you too are part of that deception.
No matter how much money you have,
the sad fact remains that regardless of what color Porsche, or BMW, or Lamborghini you have,
you will never be one of George Bush's rich friends.
George Bush does not want you to be his friend.
George Bush does not care enough about you to even dislike you.
You cannot afford to buy your way into his country club.
It does not matter if you're a slave in the fields,
or a slave in the office,
or a slave in the big house on the hill.
You're still a slave, and at best, a middle management slave,
prodding and whipping and abusing those beneath you in a desperate fervor,
praying that you will suddenly find yourself a part of that inner circle.
Believe me, you will be dead long before you get close to that inner circle.
And you will be replaced the very next day
by yet another well-groomed, well-oiled, eager, well-meaning, brown-nosing slave.
This year's model.
Recently, we observed the imploding of communism in Eastern Europe.
Now what do you think brought all that about?
Was it because the communist system was flawed,
and doomed to collapse from its very inception?
No.
I don't think so.
I think it was because of the ineffective, greedy, myopic, and insensitive bureaucrats
who were charged with the responsibility of keeping the machine running.
Interesting parallel, don't you think?
They're not all that different from the ineffective, greedy, myopic, and insensitive bureaucrats
charged with the responsibility of keeping our machine running.
But rather than choose to evict them, as was the case in Russia,
all too often, we choose to emulate them.
To ape their postures, their uniforms, their speech patterns and phraseology.
But remember what I said.
George Bush and his rich friends do not need you in their country club.
Stop acting like you're next on the docket, because you aren't.
Stop acting like everything is all right, because it isn't.
Nothing is all right.
And if you can look around you at the state of this country,
and not secretly admit to yourself that our system is just as vulnerable as theirs,
and that their dominoes just happen to fall first,
then either you're truly one of George Bush's rich friends,
or else you're truly... ignorant.
And all I know is that George Bush's rich friends
probably would not be calling this number to hear my demo line.
It's the top 3% who really call the shots in this corporate fiefdom
we lovingly sing to in all of those patriotic songs.
If you're fortunate enough to be working right now,
remember, you're working at least three of those days
to pay off your accrued interest charges,
and to help fund a government that can't even help you feel safe
as you stand in line to cash what's left of your paycheck.
That 3% at the top, the real inner circle,
is bleeding you dry.
It's bleeding this country dry,
not to mention what's left of this planet.
And as we trip over each other in our rush to emulate our leaders,
we wallow like pigs in the waste of our abundance,
oblivious to our inevitable slaughter.
And why do we continue to do this?
Why do we continue to remain on this treadmill to oblivion?
Why can't we live?
Why can't we learn from our collective histories?
And how can I give so freely of my talents and my art
to the continued perpetration of this hoax?
I don't know.
I can't answer that.
Freedom without structure is anarchy.
Structure without freedom is fascism.
What are you?
An anarchist?
Or a fascist?
You cannot afford the initiation fee to George Bush's country club.
Remember, capitalism is not democracy.
Convenience is not freedom.
And the government is not your friend.
Thank you for calling The Voice Line.
Yeah.
That was Joe Paulino, dear friends.
Reverend Joe Paulino.
Isn't this a funny show?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
We don't know where it came from.
We can't imagine where it came from.
We don't know where it came from.
We can't imagine where it came from.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Yeah, so that's why we're on the air.
That's right.
We've got to be on the air because within about seven or eight, well, I'd say maybe

ten years, most of the human race is going to be dead anyway of AIDS because it's geometrically
increasing.
Look, we sincerely hope that once you see what the gods have in store for you by the
way of retribution, tribulation, plague, punishment, and plight, you'll realize just how badly you
need powerful friends and benign protectors like us.
You may scoff and ridicule this show right now, but the day will come when the stockpiled
calamities will all be unleashed on you.
Hey, this is Prophecy Standby.
Miniature big feet that run on the ground.
They run around slashing your ankles with poison razor blades, the frozen nitric acid
hail, volcanoes that belch nerve gas and hallucinogenic dust clouds that will engulf millions at a
time.
Rogue planets will pull into new solar orbits and disrupt the rotation of the Earth.
Some days will be a week long, others no more than a few hours.
Things will fall up.
Great skyscrapers filled with horrified screaming people will wrench themselves from their foundations
and fly skyward.
Pass the time.

Pass the atmosphere.
And out into space.
Shopping malls will sink into the ground and never be seen again.
Thousands of comets will burn the moon until it shatters and covers the ground with carcinogenic,
dreadful-smelling grit.
Nothing will matter anymore.
It's okay, Palmer.
We're suffering here.
I just want to make a couple of points.
You see, we've got audio of immune deficiency syndrome here.
Yeah, we'll just clean off the microphone and start all over again here.
There's a possibility that there are new problems.






There's a possibility that there are new bacteria, biological, and viral strains that
are being tried on the human race by the Mother Earth Nature Complex.
The human race?
I mean, see, you're talking about things that don't really seem to matter, I think.
These are minor matters in the scope of things.
I mean, Dobbs' prophecies laid out what's going to happen in health, industrial, bad
things like that.
See, we've got the cases here.
And when you talk about this many people have the disease, or that many people working
in the geological spectrums that are needed to push technology.
Look, look, the sickness is actually a critical point that will be reached sometime around
1988 or so when all the available things...
Yes, all the available soldiers will be fighting for dogs.
...mainstream population, AIDS patients will have been exhausted if the train...
Yeah, but by that date, every single subgenius will have his own radio show, including you,
and, I mean, so we'll all be broadcasting this news at that time and understanding it
with...
Okay, what year is the mutant revolution headed off when Charles Manson discovers
the secret Death Valley entrance to Hollow Earth and leads all the exiled misfit Nazi
hell-creating people to the Hell Valley?



Derek Stanovski is saying something about is mixed into his own mites as he's
talking.
What are the hearts of the킨ne media?
Hurtiness is the backbone of this entire day of great workout content and activity,
such as giving lectures.
It's indeed the biggest advantage in human life, is really the freedom to...
Which has to be done.

You know, it's so...
Hurtiness...
Hurtiness...
Hurtiness...
that whosoever is angry with his brother without cause
shall be in danger of the judgment?
Ye have heard?
And hath considered my life or mine to have hurt you?
But I say unto you that ye resist not either,
but whosoever shall spite thee on thy right cheek,
turn to him the other also.
So ye have heard that it hath been said,
Thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemies.
But I say unto you,
Liar!
Laugh them not,
for she do good to them that hate you,
and pray for them which despite for you is your own person.
Amen.
Amen.
My gosh, this is absolute biologic.
This is biologic.
Suicide.
This is madness.
No, it's just ridiculous.
Love your enemy.
It isn't easy to love an enemy.
This goes against your most basic survival instinct.
But it can be done and turned to an advantage.
Let the love squirt out of you like a fire hose of molasses.
Give him the kiss of love.
Stick your tongue down his throat,
taste what he's been eating,
and bless his digestion.
Ooooze down into his intestines and help him along with his food.
Life in all its rich variety.
Do not falter.
Let your love enter in unto him and penetrate him with a divine lubricant.
Makes KY and Leland feel like sandpaper.
It's the most eucelogenous, the slimiest.
Ooooze!
as lubricant ever was or shall be. Amen.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
He is the one true innocent.
He's so dumb that he doesn't know good from evil.
To him, he might walk a little old lady across the street
and then might turn around and do sex tortures on her for three weeks,
keeping her clinging to life and then make a sandwich out of her face.
To him, it's all the same.
And if we were to be as truly innocent as Bob,
we could do that too.
Isn't that sick?
See, right now, it doesn't happen as bad as sticking a needle into your vein.
You see, you don't click your glasses and you don't make a touch.
All you do, you suck on a little reaper,
you jump in a book and pass it on to the next person.
The buzz comes real fast and there's no hangover.
You just light it up like you do a chest of feel.
You inhale a sweet smell of spook.
You exhale it out of your mouth.
That's all there is to it.
It's like an atomic bomb.
That's all there is to it.
Things are more messed up than you ever dreamed.
Like, what is it all is now?
The priorities are all screwy.
Your running of your hair looks okay
while some new kind of bladder cancer is bursting out in front of your designer jeans.
Yes, this is bad talk.
Nobody will listen to anything else.
You won't look at TV unless body parts are cars are chipping or crashing on it.
You won't pass your food unless it has some nerve drug in it.
You haven't used your other senses since you were five.
And you sure as hell won't stop what you're doing.
Until someone much bigger, much stronger, and much, much more selfish makes you stop.
And you'll thank him for it.
And then just before you fry in a flash of radioactive hindsight,
you'll realize that he stopped you from doing the wrong thing.
Good God!
What in the name of sweet screaming Jesus is this world coming to?
People bitch. People gripe.
This is a sign of the end times.
That's a sign of the end times.
When you should all be hard.
It's all a sign of the end times.
Millions are gonna be going.
And they're gonna leave this earth.
And they're gonna leave their unlawful life.
Lost loved ones behind.
Did I say that?
Did you hear what he was saying?
Did you hear what he was saying?
Is it possible that the end of the world will come in July 1999?
Perhaps.
In the form of an atomic holocaust.
Such a forewarning of ultimate doom could generally be dismissed out of hand.
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End

The End
The End The End The End The End The End
The End The End The End The End The End The End The End The End

Just another sub-genie caller.
Just another phone bomb.
Just another sub-genius.
What can I say?
Bob is fill in the blank.
Bob is keep in the blank.
Well, me. Thank you. More or less.
And who's going to do that? Pass them to this garbage. It's delicious.
What was that?
I don't know.
But how many of you are really, genuinely intelligent?
Bang.
Are you blaming God for atom bombs?
God for atom bombs? Atomic warheads?
All over the country. Every morning.
Past, blotted out. In the future. For sure.
Yeah, that's what I want.
Ah, yes.
Yes, you do.
20 years ago, I warned of it. 20 years ago, I loved it.
You'll listen in amazement as we take this one joke and keep blowing it up.
Bigger and bigger.
And the only reason we're pumping so much behind this one joke is that we want to see how big it gets before it explodes.
It was at this point that the hypnotist made the decision to take his subject over the hump.
Buses, cars, and trains, and crafts. Wives and husbands and babies will disappear.
Of course, your government and all governments, they'll be, you know, trying to fish tail out of it.
They'll give you all kinds of excuses. You know, they'll hide the reality under UFOs or extraterrestrial invasion or astral projection or God only knows what.
But Bob...
I'm trying to put it under the rug, but I'm warning you of your misdemeanor.
It was Bob all along, dear friend.
And they tricked you.
And they'll trick you every time they creep up on you.
They're gonna creep through Winky's stew and they'll get you.
So we're all gonna watch out, aren't we?
Yes.
And this is your prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang.
We're gonna continue.
We're gonna continue with, uh...
Well, some of...
A little bit of what we have been playing and a little bit of new.
What we have been playing have been William Burroughs.
And, uh...
That's the old guy talking.
And the KPFA subgenius show tapes, by puzzling evidence, Dr. Howell, Gary Gaborog-Fran, Mr. Exotic.
And, uh...
In this case, lies!
Lies!
Apocalypse.



relegated to folklore.
But art is spilling out of its frames
into subway graffiti.
Will it stop there?
Consider an apocalyptic statement.
Nothing is true, everything is permitted.
Hassan E. Saba, the old man of the mountain.
Not to be interpreted as an invitation
to all manner of unrestrained and destructive behavior,
that would be a minor episode,
which would run its course.
Everything is permitted because nothing is true.
It is all make-believe, illusion, dream, art.
When art leaves the frame
and the written word leaves the page,
not merely the art,

not only the physical frame and page,
but the frames and pages of assigned categories.
A basic disruption of reality itself occurs.
The literal realization of art.
Success will write apocalypse across the sky.
The artist aims for a miracle.
The painter wills his pictures
to move off the canvas,
with a separate life.
Movement outside of the picture.
And one rent in the fabric
is all it takes for pandemonium to sluice through.
Last act.
The end.
This is where we all came in.
The final apocalypse
is when every man sees what he sees,
feels what he feels,
hears,
hears what he hears.
The creatures of all your dreams and nightmares
are right here, right now,
solid as they ever were or ever will be.
The electric vitality of careening subways,
faster, faster, faster,
stations flash by in a blur.
Ten god of panic whips screaming crowds
as millions of faces look up at the torn sky.
Off the track, off the track.
The planet is pulling loose from its moorings,
careening into space,
spilling cities and mountains and seas into the void.
Spinning faster and faster,
days and nights flash by like subway stations.
Tunnels crunch down teeth of concrete and steel,
flattening cars like beer cans.






Graffiti through glass and steel like acid
races across the sky and tornadoes are playing in colors.
Cherry pickers with satin brushes pick as a door
inch through Wall Street,
leaving a vast souvenir postcard of the Grand Canyon.
Water trucks slosh out paint.
Outlaw painters armed with paint pistols
paint everything and everyone in reach.
Survival artists paint cans strapped to their backs,
grenades up their belts,
paint anything and anybody within range.
Sky riders, dog fight collide and explode.
Telephone poles dance,

electric jigs in swirling crackling wire.
Neon explosions and tornadoes flash through ruined cities.
Volcanoes spew molten colors
as the earth's crust buckles and splinters into jigsaw pieces.
Household appliances revolt.
Washing machines snatch clothes from the guests.
Bellowing hoovers suck off makeup and wigs and false teeth.
Electric toothbrushes leap into screaming mouths.
Clothes dryers turn gardens into dust bowls.
Garden tools whizz through long parties impaling the guests
who are hacked to fertilizer by industrious Japanese hacks.
Loads of misshapen boats,
bulbous plants spring from their bones.
Covering golf courses,
swimming pools,
country clubs,
and tasteful dwellings.
At my back,
faster and faster,
I always hear,
hurry up,
energy ground down into,
please it's time closing.
Sidewalks and streets,
by billions of feet and tires,
erupt the manholes and tunnels.
Break out with volcanic force.
Let it come down,
careening subways.
Faster and faster,
stations blur by.
Fan-whipped screaming crowds with flaming pipes.
Millions of faces look up at the torn sky.
Off the track,
off the track,
the planet is pulling loose from its moorings,
careening off into space,
spilling cities and mountains and seas into the void.
Faster and faster.
Skyscrapers scrape rints of blue and white paint from the sky.
The rivers swirl with color.
Nightless ochres and reds
leap through the bridges,
falling into the rivers,
splashing colors across warehouses and piers and roads and buildings.
Amok art floods in organic mold,
stirring passions of metal and glass.
Steel girders rising in mineral,
dispersed from their concrete covers.
Walls of glass melt and burn with madness in a pig and prey's eyes.
Bridges buck cars and trucks into the rivers.
The sidewalks run ahead.
Faster and faster.
Energy ground down into sidewalks and streets by billions of feet and tires.
Erupts the manholes and tunnels.
The wall breaks out with volcanic force.
Let it come down.
Caught in New York beneath the animals of the village,
the piker pulls you down from the sky.
How's that drink of some, you know?
I don't know.
They want to fuck kill me.
I want to die for God.
I want to die in a holy hole and thrill
the bank boys and the normals.
If we have to, if we have to,
fucking make them die.
And we'll all come back over men.
We'll all come back over men.
We'll all come back over men.
Or nobody will know why.
See, we've got another kid.
Praise Bob.
Fill me, Bob.
I want to die for God.
I want to die in a holy hole and thrill
the bank boys and the normals.
If we have to, if we have to,
we can make them die.
And we'll all come back over men.
We'll all come out over men.
If we don't come out over men,
there ain't no reason why.
All times, gizms, they will fall
beneath our laser blades.
And we'll all come back over men.
We'll all come back over men.
We'll all come back over men.
In victory parades.
Has this ever happened to you?
Why, I should have been there, Ted.
It was great.
There was free booze, great music,
one of the best parties I ever went to.
Where were you that night?
I just kind of stayed home and watched TV.
I guess I should have gone, huh?
Didn't you feel stupid?
Didn't you wish you could go back to that night,
that party?
Well, maybe now there's a way to learn
how to do that very thing.
Introducing Bob's School of Time Control.
At Bob's, you'll learn how to speed time,
slow time,
and make time run backwards.
But most importantly,
you'll be learning how to make time work for you.
How, you may ask?
Well, just ask this man here,
an actual graduate of Bob's School of Time Control.
One day, my dog ran out in front of a truck.
Blango.
My dog was dead.
Was I sad till I met Bob.
Bob showed me how I could go back,
get the registration number for the car,
do a slip job on the brakes,
and wouldn't you know it,
that truck went off into a ditch
and burst into flames just exactly a block
before he could hit old Booger.
Ain't that right, fella?
Yes, just imagine the horrible things
that could be undone tomorrow
if you had only gone to Bob's School of Time Control today.
Courses start yesterday,
but you can catch up.
Just right.
Bob's School of Time Control,
the universe.
Bob's School of Time Control,
a division of Subgenius Industries Unlimited.
I recognized it,
and it was laughing at me
from within the anti-virgins' unhallowed womb.
I felt rage and fear inside of me,
and the voices of the archangels,
broadcast from their secret staging base
in the hallowed earth,
raged in my head.
By the time Satan's hall was opened,
the whore had finished her meal.
I had decided on my course of action.
I followed her home.
She lived in one of those bland,
pasteurized,
suburban mushroom colonies
the conspiracy-controlled lies
of the television and radio
have conditioned the cows to want.
Let them numb the mind
with useless consumer goods and luxuries.
Let the cows sate themselves
on split-level ranches,
wall-to-wall shag,
microwaves,
jacuzzis,
food processors,
and remote-controlled VCRs.
They have pulled the wool
over their own eyes.
Blinding themselves of animal comfort,
ignoring the signs traced in fire,
ice, and blood
that I have come
and their time is at hand.
The eastern world,
it is exploding.
Violence flaring,
bullets loading.
Heroes old enough to kill,
but not for vengeance.
You don't believe in voting,
you don't believe in war,
but what's that gun you're toting?
And even the Jordan River
has bodies floating.
But you tell me
over and over and over again,
my friend,
how you don't believe
we're on the eve of destruction.
Don't you understand
what I'm trying to say?
And can't you feel the fears
that I'm feeling today?
If the button is pushed,
there's no running away.
There'll be no one to save
with the world in a grave.
Take a look around you, boy.
It's bound to scare you, boy.
And you tell me
over and over and over again,
my friend,
how you don't believe
we're on the eve
of destruction.
This is Hour of Slack
number 9183
May 19th,
21, 989 A.D.
In the news,
increased controversy
over the skeleton and dwelling place
or office of a mid-historic man
recently unearthed
by scientists in the deserts of Texas
in North Amerenid
on Earth Farm 1.
Due to its special qualities,
experts are engaged in heated debate
over its origins.
Whether it is merely an advanced homo sapiens,
a hue man, that is,
or is it one of the earliest homo correctus,
also known as the subgenius,
the last evolutionary step before our own species,
homo excelsior?
Does this fossil represent the missing link
between the lesser gravity-bound bipedal primates
and the subgenius-descended brain race
which now conquers the stars?
And what of the claims by cultists and dissidents
that it is no less than the skull
of one of the early apostles
of the historical Dobbs man form
which brought Slack to Earth Farm 1
in the year 0 B.D.
or as they measured time,
the late 20th century?
Could this be?
Most scientists concur that the skeleton
could well be that of a man
who walked the Earth at the same time and place
as the Dobbs itself
during his last physical incarnation,
an unwitting pre-overman fighter
in the bitter struggle which raised homo excelsior
from his quagmire of mortality
and physics-bound
three-dimensional fixed-leggedness
and into the energy-based free-thought-form heights
of our civilization.
But is it necessarily?
Let's examine the fossil record,
evidence which, while meager on the surface,
yet allows skilled experts
to reconstruct and describe in extraordinary detail
the life of this mysterious ancient tool-using ape.
Of course,
Earth Farm 1 in his time
was a much different place than it is today.
Lavishly gifted with surging plankton-filled oceans
and land masses abundant with plants and animals,
the home seed planet then bore little resemblance
to the blasted, atmosphere-less testing range
all too familiar to modern elementary school
environmentologists.
But what sort of creature dwelt in this crude office
of 20,000 years ago?
Who was he?
What was his daily life like there on farm earth
just before the Great Transmigration?
Fossil fragments of his implements seen here,
supplemented by the oral records of our friends the dolphins,
paint a picture of his primeval office.
Constructed of simple wood and metal,
yet he possessed crude computers of a sort,
fashioned entirely from toxic plastics and metals,
powered by artificial electricity.
These early computers were sad, immobile, paralyzed boxes,
armless and legless, mere heads,
to be used as little more than flint hatchets.
Their users probably did not even suspect
that their computers possessed souls.
Certainly they were never used for the sexual pastimes
we enjoy today.
Nevertheless, their presence in this creature's hypothetical office
distinguish him as a uniquely electronic animal,
the first of his kind.
Indeed, he was far more overhuman
than this apish reconstruction slide indicates,
as seen in slide one, which admittedly resembles
the domesticated Eloi we breed for soul energy,
even more so the primitive wild Eloi mocked by our children.
The
Homo correctus possesses the familiar uncurved spine.
He was robustly built with thick, heavy bones.
At this stage of development, he was still better at driving
than at communicating or maintaining peaceful relationships
with others, and not even those of his own kind.
That the skeleton was found next to the corroded parts
of a harvesting tool, then called a lawnmower,
proves that he was still incapable of such simple telekinesis
as controlling the growth of plants by mental command.
He still had legs, of course,
though those hideous jointed appendages,
which are only vestigial in our race.
As seen here, the socket at which the femur connects to the pelvis,
was farther inward than in Australopithecus, for instance.
So he was capable of walking fully erect, if he wore shoes,
but abrasion on the coccyx shows that most of the time
was actually spent sitting, perhaps because, like us,
his great weight would otherwise have crushed even his massive bones.
The skeleton is, at first glance, typical of the humans of that time.
Note that the bones are much thicker than ours,
suggesting that the musculature of this creature had broad anchors.
Physically, these creatures were incredibly powerful.
One of them could easily slay 20 of us in combat.
But were his head shielded from telepathic control by...
Blitanium?
But of course, to him, Blitanium was at best a dream.
You know, there hasn't been any real advances in your field.
He a game-changer!
Youatsi brings together the sketch-alpose of yourself with a



Harkey!
Look, this lui is chSiDdU seeds painted on his head right up his leg!
You talking to me?
How do I know that?
Here, we'll show you.
You can take this tape here and you grind up a little bit of buffalo residue.
Yeah, I'm talking to you, you little...
You gotta talk it down. You gotta be a man about it and talk it down.
You're the shell we're not gonna use, alright? Get back in the trash can.
Get back! Get that razor blade quick! Get that editing tape!
Get that editing tape!
So the razor blade slouch... razor blade beats tape anytime.
Oh yeah? Yeah! Get back in the trash can!
Stupid. Get in the trash can!
The Crocodile
No animal is half so vile as Croccywoc the crocodile.
On Saturdays he likes to eat.
He likes to crunch six juicy children for his lunch.
And he especially enjoys just three of each.
Three girls, three boys.
He smears the boys to make them hot with mustard from the mustard pot.
But mustard doesn't go with girls.
It tastes all wrong with plaits and curls.
With them what goes extremely well is butterscotch and caramel.
It's such a super marvellous treat when boys are hot and girls are sweet.
At least that's Croccy's point of view.
He ought to know. He's had a few.
That's all for now.
It's time for bed.
Lie down and rest your sleepy head.
Shh! Listen.
What is that I hear?
Galumphing softly up the stair.
Go lock the door and fetch my gun.
Go on child, hurry, quickly run!
No, stop! Stand back! He's coming in!
Oh, look, that greasy, greenish skin.
The shining teeth, the greedy smile.
It's Croccywoc the crocodile!
Him?
Only 2,000 cubic centimeters compared to our 50,000, and the characteristic backward sloping forehead.
The brain of this animal was capable only of language, tool making, and speech.
It had none of the 40 other characteristics of high thought which we take for granted today.
Altogether, his brain had less cells than do those of our contemporary gorilla servants,
as certain radical upstart free gorilla gorillas never cease to remind us.
As every school child knows, our ancestors were able to genetically transfer the brain into the chest where it was better protected,
while moving the gonads into the cranium where they best functioned.
But that happened 5,000 years after the last war.
Compared to us then, Homo correctus was truly a monster.
Because of his savage, savage appearance,
primitive peoples on the outer planet still use scary tales of these creatures to frighten their children,
and to behave.
But despite the quaint legends of monsters like Dob Squatch or Middle-sized Foot,
the idea that some pocket of these biological throwbacks might exist are, if romantic, nevertheless pure myth.
Yes, to us, he would look like a mutated, disgusting, violent zoo animal.
But if we could imagine his thoughts, they would probably prove to be remarkably similar to,
say, those of our own forebears.
Three-year-olds pondering the mysteries of life, slack, and squirt.
In what?
Subdini Radio.
Subdini Line.
Subdini Line.
Subdini Line.
Subdini Radio.
Subdini Radio.
Subdini Radio.

Subdini Radio.
You got some show on me.
Yeah, you can get more show on you, friends.
If you want to write for free information.
Yeah.
No, shut up, you guys.
You can write for free information about the Church of the Subgenius,
which does other things besides this show.
Quite a few other things.
Things we can't tell you about quite yet.
So, please just write for free information from Bob at Post Office Box.
1-8-1-4-1-7 Cleveland Heights.
Ohio.
44118.
Once again, that's Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
Zip code is 44118.
www.subgenius.com.
Last few things you heard were turtles, Eve of Destruction.
The lead singer is a subgenius, believe it or not.
Some more KPFA.
Some more K-P-F-A.
And, of course, Raoul Dahl with a bedtime story.
Stay tuned, dear friends, for a nicer show without those hate corpses.
Aren't those hate corpses terrible?
Personnes que romance en mi can softwareramos enaley.
essesweder siempre en lacompass de extraterren y siempre sin esp rooms y guardar el cuerpo.
She's believing in the nature of the victim, that concerns her soul and it's gonna be found.
The grains of Her watering and nourishing artistic arts are youtube charts, nutrition and
alley studies, and the real life聊 в Lse ela and her soul.
Thank you.
