This is the hour of slack.
Born and raised.
Upper West Side, which is born and raised.
The home of bop.
I understand, no I don't.
I understand, no I don't.
Remember bop, no one says it.
No one says bop anymore.
I don't hear that bop, you see.
That's old timey street talk.
Now are you, I'm curious, this is a...
Sometimes it hurts to say.
Sometimes it hurts to love.
But sometimes it hurts to say.
I don't care who you are, when you lose me.
I don't care who you are, when you lose me.
But sometimes it hurts to say.
Sometimes it hurts to say.
He's so funny and good at what he does.
Yeah, he is really good.
Performing a tribute to Bob.
I got mad at Bob.
Hey Bob.
Hey Bob.

Hey Bob.
Hey Bob.
Hey Bob.















Yes, I'm close to the hole.
Let's do this together.
There we go.
You're coming with me?
Hey, Mr. Beatles man, do you want some drugs?
No thanks, Bob.
We're clean living.
Yeah, drugs make you go potty and like Indian things.
Yeah, like the Kama Sutra.
That's rude.
Look, you even got a head bob for Melissa. That was really good.
Look, you even got a head bob for Melissa. That was really good.
Hey, give her some of that.
Still love a bob.
The head I need.
If we have too much slack, I'm just gonna fall down and break my neck.
We need tension, so it's gonna allow me to, like, actually pendulum.
I just made sure that we have a knife on this balloon,
because if you go swinging and you start taking us down,
we're... I'm cutting you loose, and we're saving ourselves.
Yes.
Oh, here we go.
I'm close to the hole.
Let's do this together.
There we go.
How'd it go? Did I get it?
I've been practicing all the ways I can die.
This reeks of bob.
This has nothing to do with my talent
and everything to do with his broken dreams in his head.
That's classy, Bob.
Hello Aunt Bob's is today the day?
What is going on?
Why do you want our of Bob?
A hot hello, 7-ger-ger-ker-nevus-colic.
I get it, Bob.
This next award's also for best impression of a celebrity,
and it goes to the person in seat 7J for their impression of Bob.
Ooh, we can do the song.
Alright, damn this love is skin tight.
Baby, come on.
Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh.
Throw me like a bass drum.
Second number rhythm.
Baby, come on.
This Friday night, oh, oh, oh.
This Friday night, oh, oh, oh.
This Friday night, oh, oh, oh.
This Friday night.
We were streaking in the park, skinny dipping in the dark,
and had all the magic twirling Friday night.
Friday night.
We were streaking in the park, skinny dipping in the dark,

Wow.
Very.
Wow.
That is good.
That is really good.
Congratulations.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
High five him.
Yeah.
High five a guy when he looks like Bob.
Bob.
Oh, well, thank you.
You're welcome.
I had to kill Bob because he made him.
Mistake.
Now it's time to erase that mistake.
I'm cashing you out, Bob.
And you need lots of stimulation, Bobby.
Bobby.
Yes, I do.
Don't move.
I won't.
Congratulations, Bob.
Thanks.
I remember when I was a young executive for this company.
Hey, hey, Bobby boy, vice president.
Congratulations.
Handball Tuesday night?
Bill, I'd love to, but I got a date.
A couple models come to my place.
Know what I mean?
I'd buy that for a dollar.
Bob, I needed that job.
So is Bob still a model?



Or is he simply chosen to obsessively memorize his entire life?
Not everyone is convinced.
People like Bob are a real phenomena with memories way, way beyond that of even the best minds.
Larger in people with super memory.
Could this somehow explain Bob's gift?
Could this be proof that Bob and others with super memory have some form of time space synesthesia?
Does the ability to see time.
Explain Bob's near total recall?
Or is it because he has a slightly different brain than the rest of us?
Or are people with super memory such fans of their own lives they can't stand to forget a minute of it?
This is Bob.
Do you two know each other?
Well...
No.
I do recognize you.
No, you don't.
Sure I do.
From your book.
Your picture's on the back.
Ooh.
What happened to your face?
Oh, this.
Uh, it's...
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
Get down with my sickness.
Dr. Howell, you know I infected dozens of subgeniuses on the way south.
Although when I hit Texas, um, my, uh, another disease wiped my disease out.
The two canceled each other out?
Yeah, typhoid Ivan is no more.
I was patient zero of the church.
I went to a pagan Thanksgiving party and everyone there came away sick.
I brought it to West Virginia, then to North Carolina...
But why were you such a carrier of...
Atlanta...
...contagion...
Little Rock...
...a pilgrim of pestilence?
...of trauma?
Why?
Yes, why?
Well, you gonna ask Bob why there's cold virus?
You're asking Bob why again?
You're gonna ask Bob why there's...
You're gonna set Reverend Stang off again.
Um...
I'm sorry, I wasn't of course going to ask Bob this question.
I had a cold. It's funny because I'd had a flu shot a week before.
And it just flew by.
It's not ironic, yeah.
Don't be setting Reverend Stang off. Don't you...
I won't. I know he, uh, would have to feed him and...
Don't you ask him about his brother who died in Vietnam or nothing.
You're doing it, Bob!
There you go. That's...
Don't you be asking him about his brother.
I shouldn't die!
Just put the, uh, coochie tunnels there behind you.
It should have been me!
Nom, nom, nom.
It should have been me!
There, there. It's all right, Joe.
You know, his brother got his deferment.
Give him 20 more cc's.
Yes, his brother was deferred, but, uh, not, uh, deterred, as we know.
Actually, my brother is a goat boy.
He used to be a cowboy, but we had a drought and had to sell the cows.
Still got a couple goats around the property, eh?
Oh, a lot of goats. They go...
But what about...
They really do. I've got to record them.
The milk.
The milk.
I'm gonna do it today.
Is it snowing in Texas?
I'm on a new campaign now to get to Rick Perry, the governor of Texas, to pay me $1,000.
I'm not sure if that's the right word.












I'm not sure what it is.





And when we get to a state like this, we need the money to, you know, to come here every month.
Because every time we come here, they finally get rain.
And the time we don't come here, there is no rain in Texas.
I'm, I'm working on trying to get the documentation together that proves this.
because I think I can.
I've got my records,
and I combine them with the weather records,
it'll prove that we are able to herd water
down from Ohio to Texas
where it's desperately needed.
And in fact, it's been raining,
and we're about to get blizzards
in Arizona and New Mexico.
So this is all thanks to me,
and Rick Perry can quit praying and start paying.
I ask only $1 billion a year,
and I will drive from Ohio to Texas
and back every month
for $1 billion a year,
which is a tiny fraction of the amount of income
it would generate.
That's right.
You want a blowjob while I talk to you?
No.
I wasn't offering it personally.
Make your point.
My point is,
before a guilty verdict would get executed
on that cop,
I'm not a cop.
I'm not a cocksucker.
Three men would walk in that meat locker
where he's being held with bags over their heads
and cut his fucking throat.
And within half an hour,
that celestial's little pigs will be on their backs
with their hooves in the air
belching up human remains.
Are you saying you'd order that to be done?
I'm saying...
I had a vision.
It had happened.
My second of the day.
First come when I was watching you
and them lawyers online this morning.
And then they began to slither.
And my sight like vipers.
This was not to puke.
I had to close my eyes.
The vision went on.
Got worse.
I saw the vipers in the big nest in Washington.
They were taking us in the camp.
Acting like we could set our own laws up,
our organizations.
And then I saw the big vipers decide to strangle
and swallow us up
and every fucking thing we gained here.
It was horrible.
How could we fucking avoid it?
How could we let the vipers in the big nest
know that we're not going to be able to do anything?
They know that we didn't want to cause any fucking trouble.
And that's when you had your second vision.
Yeah, the cutthroats and the pigs.
But who wants all that blood spilled, Judge, huh?
Isn't there a simpler way of not pissing off the big vipers?
How do you suppose the trial's going?
I don't know.
Should've took them into the territory.
Hang them here, they'll be opening a can of worms.
Guess it's all a can of worms.
Now you're talking.
Will you help me with the body?
I don't know what my body can do.
I ain't tough any more.
I temch legal speed
That refusing to get вижу
Hit the fight!
I've got a right to pick a little fight for Kenta
Anybody fights, any one of us
He's gonna fight with me
Without one to saddle up and run for Kenta
Any one of us, got your little fuzz
So you can count on me
One for four, four for one
This we guarantee
I've got a right to pick a little fight for Kenta
Anybody fights, any one of us
He's gonna fight with me
I've got a right to pick a little fight for Kenta
Anybody fights, any one of us
He's gonna fight with me
I've got a right to pick a fight
I've got a right to pick a fight
I'm ready for it, can't wait to go
All the mensniggas say I'm right
A war will be a war
And I know that I'll blow away
And win however it be
Ove's and hers
The long and the hard
I've got curly hair
You've got jlime buns
And tight deciries

Get your life together
with a lot of 快
A long and the hard
I've got great Datab öl
Trying to get my legs out
The Large.
Oh, by the way, dear listener,
did you know that Bob's birthday is the same as yours?
I could tell you some even weirder birthday coincidences,
but it would get us all in really deep trouble.
Not on this station.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, with Homeland Security.
Well, they are a different matter.
I stopped myself from mentioning them last time.
There's so much I could say that I can't.
Oh, there's some I could go on for hours.
It's better if you don't.
And the horrible thing is, some of it would be true.
The parts that you most thought were a joke,
that'd be the true part.
Life is so strange when you're working for Bob.
That's true.
Every day is a new adventure.
Every day makes me feel a little more normal,
is the funny thing about it.
Every day I see something so weird
or learn something so strange about a fellow biped
that it makes...
Each day I feel a little more normal by comparison.
Well, we are over the Terminator
and on the other side of midnight right now
in the overtime of Ask Dr. Hal.
In the studio with Dr. Philo Drummond
and Reverend Ivan Stang.
Leslie Sternberg, Alexander Moderator.
I'm Dr. Howland Owl.
This is the Ask Dr. Hal Show live on radio.
It's Alexander.
Alexander's all the way down.
All the way down to infinity, you mean?
Two days ago I was staying with an Alexandra.
Oh, really?
His son is named Alexander.
Well, he conquered the world, you know.
He's my nephew.
And then he wept because there were no more worlds to conquer.
He was only 33.
But see, for a subgenius,
there's an infinite number of worlds left to conquer
because once you've joined the church,
it's now $35,
$35.
By the way, God, the postage went up.
Just last week.
It took a bite.
Anyway, friends,
if you're a dues-paid subgenius,
prove you love Bob
by giving up to him
the most important thing in the world,
$35,
then you will have your choice of planets.
As many planets of your own design as you want.
You can have an all-chocolate planet.
You can have a planet that's half chocolate and half vanilla.
You can have a planet made of,
of, uh,
what did Mr. Sister say?
You can have a planet made of comic books.
Mr. Sister said,
I think,
somebody said,
what do you really believe, Mr. Sister?
He said,
I believe I'd like to crawl across an ocean of titties on my belly.
Well, that was right out of an R. Crumb comic.
It is.
Well, that Mr. Sister,
I can't believe he'd steal like that.
Or was it an ocean of keisters?
I do remember.
It was an ocean of keisters.
All right.
Reagan Spallup had that song,
I'd go to heaven on a boat.
Bridge of asses.
But Mr. Sister probably didn't see that R. Crumb comic.
He wasn't a hipster.
Well, great minds run in the same crack,
wouldn't you say?
Keats, ocean of titties, ocean of keisters.
It's big round things.
Bridge of asses.
It's big round things.
It'll get a boy's attention.
And lots of girls, too.
Thankfully.
If I had a pipe,
I could just, like, work from over here.
I really like the...
A pipe?
The...
The roundness and the softness.
And the firmness and the fully...
Women's breasts.
I don't care about...
Just the roundness is the...
And the softness.
We're pre-programmed for that.
Those are like basic cues.
My DNA makes me want to...
Even women like them.
...make more DNA.
It's addictive.
It's not even a sexual thing.
I did, too.
I had kids, and they had kids.
Well, some of them did.
Just think, the only reason you're here
is because your parents were, like,
fooling around long enough to make you.
Those poor things.
They just were...
They weren't even serious about it.
They weren't even serious.
They were just fooling around one night.
Like, oh, no.
Darn.
We made it.
My father still has to get up there.
We made an Ivan.
We made an Ivan.
Well, Pat and I get along just fine
for about three weeks.
Before we start buttonheads, we're a bit alike.
But you...
Mammy Stang went aboard the saucers in 2004.
...your very own fucking spiel.
Dong, dong, dong, dong, dong.
So much blood.
And on the battlefields of the Brothers' War,
I saw more blood than this.
And asked then after the purpose,
and did not know.
And don't know the purpose now.
But know now to testify that,
not knowing,
but knowing,
I believe.
I believe.
Saint Paul tells us,
Saint Paul tells us,
by one spirit are we all baptized into one body.

Whether we be Jew or Gentile,
Bond or free,
and have all been made to drink into one spirit.
For the body is not one member but many.
He tells us,
He tells us,
The eye cannot say unto the hand,
I have no need of thee.
Nor again the head to the feet,
I have no need of thee.
I have no need of thee.
And therefore those members of the body,
which seem to be more feeble,
and those members of the body,
which we think of as less honorable,
all are necessary.
He says that there should be no schism in the body,
but that the members should have the same care,
one to another.
And whether one member suffer,
all the members suffer with it.
I believe in God's purpose,
not knowing it.
I ask him,
moving in me,
to allow me to see his will.
I ask him,
moving in others,
to allow them to see it.
What chronic services are available
to you?
Only CryoSpan offers all of the following services.
Pre-suspension counseling.
Negotiation with hospital personnel.
Transfer of patient to our treatment facility.
Preparation and initial cool down of the body.
Initial storage at minus 110 degrees Fahrenheit.
Assistance in arranging for memorial services.
Permanent storage at minus 320 degrees Fahrenheit
in our suspension module.
Indefinite custodial care at our storage facilities.
Compilation and maintenance of medical equipment.
Patients records.
Handling of publicity in accordance with family's wishes.
Up to date information on the life extension services.
And post-suspension counseling on future developments.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, CryoSpan.
Suspension is for you who are thrilled by miraculous
ever accelerating progress in science and technology.
This for those who believe that such electrifying features
as the Congress of the Moon and heart transplantations
are merely precursors of infinitely greater things to come
in the incredible drama of human development.
And crime expansion is for those who want to be a part of the future.
But want to contribute to and enjoy the wonders
of the fantastic world of tomorrow.
Cryonic suspension is for you.
Hello, hello.
Hello, hello.
Smokey the Bear.
Don't bogart that joint.
Pass it over to me, my friend.
Oh boy, come on, David, read the story.
Okay.
Once in the Jurassic, about 150 million years ago,
the great sun Buddha in this corner of the infinite void
gave a great discourse to all the assembled elements and energies.
To the standing beings, the walking beings,
the flying beings and the sitting beings, even grasses.
To the number of 13 billion, each one born from a seed.
All assembled there.
A discourse concerning enlightenment,
on the planet Earth.
He said,
in some future time,
there will be a continent called America.
It will have great centers of power,
called such as Pyramid Lake,
Walden Pond,
Mount Rainier,
Big Sur,
Everglades,
and so forth.
And powerful nerves and channels,
such as Columbia River,
Mississippi River,
and Grand Canyon.
The human race in that era will get into troubles all over its head,
and practically wreck everything in spite of its own strong, intelligent Buddha nature.
The twisting strata of the great mountains
and the pulsing of the great volcanoes
are my love burning deep in the earth.
My obstinate compassion is schist and basalt and granite
to be mountains,
to bring down the rain.
In that future American era,
I shall enter a new form
to cure the world of loveless knowledge
that seeks with blind hunger
and mindless rage eating food that will not fill it.
And he showed himself in his true form.
Smokey the Bear.
A handsome, smoky-colored, brown bear
standing on his hind legs,
showing that he is aroused and watchful,
bearing his right paw,
the shovel that digs to the truth beneath appearances,
cuts the roots of useless attachments,
and flings damp sand on the fires of greed and war.
His left paw,
in the mudra of comradely display,
indicating that all creatures have the full right to live to their limits
and that deer, rabbits, chipmunks, snakes, dandelions, and lizards
all grow in the realm of the Dharma.
Wearing the blue work overall,
symbolic of slaves and laborers,
the countless men oppressed by a civilization
that claims to save but only destroys.
Wearing the broad-brimmed hat of the West,
symbolic of the forces that guard the wilderness,
which is the natural state of the Dharma
and the true path of man on earth.
All true paths lead through mountains.
With a halo of smoke and flame behind,
the forest fires of the Kali Yuga,
fires caused by the stupidity of those
who think things can be gained and lost,
whereas in truth all is contained vast and free
in the blue sky and green earth of one mind.
Round-bellied to show his kind nature
and that the great earth has food enough
for everyone who loves her and trusts her,
trampling underfoot wasteful freeways in needless suburbs,
smashing the worms of capitalism and totalitarianism,
indicating the task his followers,
becoming free of cars, houses, canned food,
universities and shoes,
master the three mysteries of their own body, speech and mind,
and fearlessly chop down the rotten trees
and prune out the sick limbs of this country, America,
and then burn the leftover trash.
Wrathful but calm, austere but comic,
Smokey the Bear will illuminate those who would help him,
but for those who would hinder or stop him,
slander him, he will put them out.
Thus his great mantra.
I dedicate myself to the universal diamond,
be this raging fury destroyed.
And he will protect those who love woods and rivers,
gods and animals, hobos and madmen,
prisoners and sick people, musicians,
playful women and hopeful children.
And if anyone is threatened by advertising air pollution
or the police,
they should chant Smokey the Bear's war spell.
Drown their butts, crush their butts,
drown their butts, crush their butts,
drown their butts, crush their butts,
drown their butts, crush their butts,
drown their butts,
and Smokey the Bear will surely appear
to put the enemy out with his vajra shovel.
Now those who practice and recite this sutra
and then try to put it in practice
will accumulate merit as countless as the sands
of Arizona and Nevada,
will help save the planet Earth from total oil slick,
will enter the age of harmony of man and nature,
will win the tender love and caresses of men,
women and beasts,
will always have ripe blackberries to eat
and a sunny spot under a pine tree to sit at,
and in the end will win
highest perfect enlightenment.
Unless we have heard.
I hear you, Reverend Osman.
That was David Osman on a night
of 1970 Firesign Theatre radio show
lifted from the Divine Book and DVD
Duke of Madness Motors from FiresignTheatre.com.
This hour of slack for some reason
is covering various subjects of the recent
subgenius family road trip,
which resulted in many doctor bills,
broken bones, girded lungs, and pain pills.
But why would Bob do this to us?
Why?
We're going to ask ourselves as we wander along.
You're on the air.
Well, my friend,
it's difficult if I jump back in here.
Good luck.
...and say why.
We've got some...
...question.
Why do you leave us?
We're interviewing people who have which disease?
From the disease?
Sif from the disease.
Why do you keep getting sick all the time?
That's where I'm going.
I'm in a constant state of sickness.
I'm in a constant state of revulsion as well,
and everything makes me sick.
I hear you, man.
None true or way.
People will take the time to wash their hands, you know.
Well, I wash my hands and it's...
No, that makes it just worse.
That just makes it worse, dude.
It's also...
You're just breeding...
You're just breeding a new species of bacteria
that's going to be antibiotic resistant because of that.
Yeah, yeah.
Isn't that true, Rob, though?
I mean, isn't that...
...velte-be-conft?
What are you talking about?
If you really want to do something, stop using antibacterial soaps, okay?
I'm sorry.
It's going to build resistance.
So what are you saying?
We should use bacterial soap?
Use pro-bacterial soap.
Yeah, yeah.
Actually, it's a nice point.
If you breed the right kind of bacteria,
then they will keep some of those viruses in check and...
Right.
That's why we got MRSA in the hospitals right now,
is because you got too many people using the damn antibacterial soap.
We need to use the antibacterial people.
Well, you can be the first one to stop.
How about that, Ragnar?
I have.
I didn't...
You know, well...
Good.
I'm not using any medicines or any kind of stuff for my cold.
I'm trying to beat it the natural way,
because if you start training your body with antibiotics and all kinds of pills...
Well, antibiotics aren't going to do any good for a cold or the flu anyway.
No, really.
No, they're not.
Pig grease is what works best in this kind of weather.
Just mess it up.
You don't get a whole mess of lard.
Just rub it all over your body.
Put your big heavy pair of woolen underwear,
over-wear, under shoes,
on top of that,
and some Daffy Crone heckin' soup.
Because I am in the midst of a situation.
Smallpox?
And what the fuck is that to you?
A fella in the woods I see to say hello to has it.
Unless he caught it from a trout.
I figured some in the camp to be down with it too.
What was he doing in the woods?
Someone threw him there.
Anyway, he's better now.
And how do you feel?
What's that supposed to mean?
How do you feel?
Why?
I take it that you're feeling well.
Am I wrong?
No, you're not fucking wrong.
That's all I wanted to fucking know.
I will lay you out as soon as I look at you.
This is my point.
You've been caring for a sick man who doesn't seem to have gotten you sick.
Ain't she wise?
Fuck it out.
Ben, as you have a gift for it, and I'm gonna have sick people up to my hips,
I was wondering if you might wanna come back to camp.
My best friend died.
And he ain't coming back.
Now will you help me?
You can do your drinking off work like I do.
May I say, Dan, ever since I resumed drinking alcohol,
I cannot for the life of me figure out why I ever gave it up.
Takes the edge off the tough ones.
Ooh, takes the edge off.
Well put.
And may I say, Dan, that I often find you the source of many well-put and witty things that you say.
Thanks.
I keep a close watch on this heart of mine.
I keep my eyes wide open all the time.
I keep the ends up all the time, you're mine.
Because you're mine, I walk the line.
I find it very easy to be true.
I find myself alone when each day is through.
Yes, I'll admit that I'm a fool for you.
Because you're mine, I walk the line.
As soon as night is dark and day is light.
I keep you in my mind for day and night.
And happiness I've known since the day of disgrace.
Because you're mine, I walk the line.
You've got a way to keep me on your side.
You give me cause for love that I can't hide.
But you I know are the one trying to turn the tide.
Because you're mine, I walk the line.
I keep a close watch on this heart of mine.
I keep my eyes wide open all the time.
I keep the ends up all the time, you're mine.
Because you're mine, I walk the line.
Cause you're mine, cause you're mine.
I walk the line.
Cause you're mine, cause you're mine.
I walk the line.
Cause you're mine, cause you're mine.
I walk the line.
Walk the line, walk the line for you.
I walk the line, walk the line all the time.
But that was once again, the Deathbillies,
who Sister Decadence turned us onto while we were in
North Texas.
Now, most of our time there was spent at the Stang Ranch,
hanging out with Pappy and my siblings and nieces and
nephews and goats, lots of goats.
Stang Ranch really is a ranch complete with rattlesnakes,
barbed wire, cacti, cowflops, and every day that we
we didn't have broken feet, Princess, we and I went for long, leisurely walks among the hills and
vales looking for cattle to herd or have our way with as herded here. Now see, with Pappy's Voyager,
we could drive down this hill and fuck all those bulls rather than walking down here and fucking
some of the bulls. You see? Yeah, but we wouldn't get to stop and smell the bullshit. That's true.
Speaking of bullshit. I'm sick. That's not bullshit. I'm not. Did I make you walk like this
when you were sick? No, never. I took delicate care of you. Anyway, we have not recorded anything
in a couple of days because we've been too late.
And there really wasn't anything all that exciting. I finally was able to get online
and I learned then that everyone we visited got sick, but they all had different things. Oh,
by the way, Suds now has pink eye. Oh, no. I said, wow, that's not bad. That's the only time
that normal playboy type girls look cute to me. And this would be a good time to catch up on all
the hit TV shows that Mr. and Mrs. Everybody watches.
Well, you've got pink eye. Yeah. Then we went to stay with Doc Frop and Sister Decadence in Fort
Worth. And really, we just sat around and yacked and made them sick. Then we came here to Stang
Ranch and sat around on our butts yacking with Pappy. And that's about all we're going to do
for the next several days. I have to.
I have to fill all too few orders. It's kind of sickening. We're now getting more donations
than orders. I would. That is not sickening. That's beloved and wonderful. Yeah, but it's
kind of cult like. I feel more better when I send them something. Well, you can send people
something that sends you a donation. You can take them and send them a thank you gift.
No, that's different. You don't understand. It's too.
It's like a real. It's too religion like if they don't want something. I mean, it should be
religion like, but I prefer it to be a bit more business like than religion like. Now, maybe
that's what we're doing wrong. Maybe I should just quit trying to produce quality goods or even
shoddy goods and just go give us money or you're not saved and you're not in the cool nerd club.
No, it's the world.
It's first Industrial Church. That's what you told me. Now, do you want to go down to the
dark and scary woods where the cow pond might be and there's a dinosaur head or do you want to go
the regular way through the forest of werewolves? Man, with these creepy trees, it's scary everywhere
here. They're just cedars, aren't they? Yeah, but they're dead.
So,
they're black and craggy and they look like they came out of a mystery novel.
Yeah, they're cool, but there's prickly pear everywhere.
It's not snowing. In fact, it's probably about 60 degrees.
And look at those cute little koala bears up in that eucalyptus tree.
Aren't they nice? It's so green.
And look over in the pasture, the kangaroos are all loafing around.
It's all the grass.
It's all the green because we brought rain.
Yes, it's true. We are the rain makers. We brought rain. We always do. Every year. This
area hasn't had any rain since the last time we were here. And Governor Rick Perry should
quit praying to God and should start giving me a billion dollars a year to drive down
here once a month from Ohio and bring rain. But no. They're all religious nuts. They're all
superstitious about that kind of thing. They can't see the obvious science. When Stang and we drive
from Ohio to Texas, Texas gets rain. Period. That's it. That's the only time it gets rain.
And it gets rain every time. And I've got, we have gas station receipts and things to prove it. Car,
you know, store receipts, credit card receipts, and weather records.
What you were going to need was the verification.
Yeah, but we're talking about Governor Rick Perry. He's not going to believe science by
definition. He's going to consider that a lie. Anything with evidence will be a lie.
And I'm kind of a liberal, sort of. Well, at least compared to them.
So there's even if, even if it was, even if it would bring the state, if it would save the state
from destruction.
They'd refuse to do it because some liberal guy came up with it. That's just the way things are
now. It's more important to make the liberals look bad than to do than anything else. Literally,
because if the liberals start doing things, it'll destroy America. They hate our freedoms.
That's all I hear every time I turn on the liberal controlled media.
The liberals,
control the media and they hate our freedoms. So you better hate them because they're,
they're, the libtards can't do anything but make up stupid, unoriginal insults.
My brain turns off when I hear libtard.
My brain turns off when I hear republitard because I like to think more highly of my
fellow libtards that they would come up with something. But, but neither one is as bad as
sheeple.
I got one of those today on my YouTube account. Somebody commented on the subgenius commercial,
except they weren't commenting on the subgenius commercial at all. It was just some angry man
ranting about you sheeple keep going through your ant lines and die. I'm going to sit here with my
high quality chair and my high speed internet and have a good life.
What?
I couldn't, honestly, I couldn't figure out which side he was being sarcastic about.
What is ant lines?
Lines of ants. And if I was on YouTube, I might've actually responded to it with my usual comeback,
which is, you know who I consider to be sheeple? People who use the term sheeple for other people.
Those, those are the real sheep.
They're just people. Cause they just say the same thing. They're just mimicking what they heard some other angry guy say.
Some other frustrated nerd. But this guy actually seemed to be saying, you people go ahead and do your idiotic ant like lives.
I'm going to sit here at my computer and have a real life. I honestly think that's what the guy was saying.
Hmm.
Without the slightest hint.
And the fact that he called everybody else sheeple makes me think, yeah, he probably doesn't realize that,
you know, when you keep using that, keep saying the same thing over and over again
and calling other people sheeple, what exactly does that make you?
A bad writer.
Can't you at least use a subgenius approved term like that?
Pink.
First time I ever heard the word sheeple was out of Chaz's mouth.
He had it in a song lyric.
That was a long time ago.
Yeah, but he probably got it from somewhere.
Alex Jones or some Alex Jones sheep.
Okay, boss, this is our song.
There's Mammy's grave.
Except that she's not really there.
It's just a marker.
And there's the crash picnic table.
It's so ironic that the one moment that a tree branch would come crashing down on a picnic table
would be the one time in 10 years that somebody was sitting there.
The preacher and his wife.
Funny that.
But you can still see a little blood on the picnic.
Remnants.
Where the preacher and his wife died.
And they only said they only had just sat down.
Out of, you know, that branch could have fallen down any time in the last 10 years,
but it chose that moment.
Damn it.
Don't play that upbeat music after a dead puppy bit.
Well, I thought that was the point.
We're trying to cheer our audience up.
After all, some puppies bite the dust.
That's part of nature's plan.
And many are called...
Where do they serve the food on this show, Dr. Howell?
But few were chosen.
Well, you know, that's only if the adoring fans bring it in.
And they won't bring it in unless they adore what we're doing, will they?
So we'd better start doing something a little bit more adorable.
That's what I say.
I'll tell you something adorable.
And what's that?
And it's on...
It somehow relates to what we were just talking about.
Okay, shoot.
There's a blue jay nest outside our neighborhood.
A little baby just hatched blue jay or two fell out of the nest.
Oh, that's not so adorable.
Or were pushed out.
And a horrible cat caught them.
My neighbor instinctively picked up one of the birds and took it in
and then suddenly got called out of town.
And so he came to our house and said,
Hey, will you feed this bird for me until I get back?
Feed a baby boy?
And we thought, Oh, yeah, sure.
Yeah, sure.
Feed it to the cat.
And we looked on the Internet.
The first thing it said was to grind up dog food and make a paste of it
and feed it to the bird.
And the bird loved it.
Baby birds eat dog food?
Yeah, I chewed it at first and then spit it into its mouth.
It loved it.
It thought I was its mommy.
It bonded with you, right?
And we named it J2 Paisley, which is so cool that I can't...
It would take me another hour to explain it.
It's a cool name.
I don't even need to know how you got it.
Anyway, the...
I don't care.
J2 Paisley got fatter and fatter.
We found another baby bird that we named Le Professeur after certain events in that movie, The Prestige.
Anyway, the second baby bird didn't do...
He was kind of late.
Then we read that really what you should do with a baby bird is kill it.
Is leave it.
Kill it, right?
Right there because that's part of the circle of life.
And, you know, there's a reason that a certain number of baby blue jays fall out of the nest.
Are born to feed the bird.
Cats.
And get eaten by cats, yeah.
Well, the cats are actually the interlopers in this scheme.
Not intended to be there by nature, but only by humans.
But it would be a wolf if it wasn't a cat or a dog.
The happy ending was...
A huge gray wolf would come and snap up those baby birds, you see.
An eagle.
After Wikipedia told us to just leave the damn birds alone, don't mess with it,
we attempted to return the birds to their nest, which we couldn't reach.
But we put them up high out of the reach of cats.
So you couldn't see where they died, right?
Right.
So we could...
And the next day they weren't there and...
Uh-huh.
Well, I guess...
So we were absolved...
Those ants are very thorough.
...of their knowledge.
Uh-huh.
And the next time we see a tiny bird struggling who's just been hatched, we'll just leave
it there.
We'll just walk away.
Well, you know what you could do, if I can shove my oar in, is put on a rubber glove
and then pick up the bird.
Then your scent won't be on it.
Uh-huh.
I'm sorry.
But your rubber...
Your rubber will be on it.
You can return it to the nest and it will not be rejected by its parents because
your scent will not be on it.
When we put it near the parents' nest, the parents did bring food to it.
But they were very agitated over the whole thing.
They were pissed off.
They knew there was something unnatural about it.
They didn't want to be bothered with this deadbeat out there, you know?
Now, in another case...
They kicked him out of the nest in the first place and now somebody brought him back and
he's going, oh, shit, I'm gonna feed this guy.
In downtown Cleveland, my...
They were trying to save the rest of the family.
...Princess Wee, to who I'm consort, found in the parking lot of the giant weather-controlled
building where she worked, a seagull with a broken wing.
And it had been there a couple of days and it was pretty miserable and everybody was
ignoring it.
But not Princess Wee.
She's the sweetest thing.
She blows with the power of good and gets everything...
Yes, if anyone could save those damn birds, it would be Princess Wee.
Yeah.
Well, she had me come...
She had me come down to the parking lot and put a throw sack over that damn bird and we
took it to...
Throw a sack over it?
It turned out that there was, in fact, a bird rehabilitation place at one of the nature
parks.
The Federal Bird Rehabilitation Resilience.
We drove it way out there and they probably said, we'll take good care of this bird and
put it back out in the wild.
And then, you know, as soon as we were gone, they said, throw it in the dumpster.
Feed it to the lion.
Yeah.
Feed it to the...
Feed it to the...
So, Puget.
Feed it to the...
So, it is Mickey Mantle Day at last at Yankee Stadium.
Yes, they're retiring number seven, the last glyph of the Southern cult, the Seminole in
the creek, the Cherokee dying out in Oklahoma, a plaque in his name, the pottery style of
the 50s, Elvis, Eros, temples of rock and roll, and Mel Allen's Southern voice calling
across the Mississippi as far as Pawnee country and the Earth lodges, Arrowheads as far as
Saskatchewan, bringing the Blackfoot and from the East, the Osage and the Assiniboine, calling
from the pitcher's mound, the tumulus, this hallowed ground, rooting for his old team,
but unaware of history itself.
Well, now we've reached the age of discovery.
Leary's ships wind through old, fablecious tapestries of the Turks and Navajos, the cellular
strands, these ships using electromagnetism, which never ceases from the universe at large
to the microcosm of molecular speed, the numbers of topology and numerology simultaneously
turning into clothes.
The first so we can get into the universe.

The second so that they take us into themselves as Ken Harrison's one big season in Boston,
the flooding of the Southern cult in the Northeast, reaching the Algonquin and Penobscot in the
form of pottery.
Yeah, the sports page.
It's the only section of the paper that has any sense of history.
Time.
Now, perhaps for some of these trades and statistics, not worth talking about.
We're also given the arrivals and departures of ships and the moon, but they are the collection
of the Earth.
Like granite and elms and loss, they have nothing to do with consciousness.
But once we throw out the key, all texts become one.
There is time for nothing else.
As the Indian knew, though borrowed to their own ends by Mormons and snake doctors and
diffusionists, we are free of Europe and Asia as occult.
Declaration of independence.
There is an American occult.
Corn and tobacco.
Migration.
Pipes and mounds.
We come to found a continent to begin an historical game.
And cities are already.
Here.
And the tribes lost on the prairie and the plateau appears speaking new dialects on the
plains.
Play ball.
I was I actually was in a restaurant last night in Dallas with a giant Elvis statue in the
center of the restaurant.
Not kidding.
A fountain.
A fountain Elvis.
Well, tonight it's weeks later.
That's the last time we recorded anything for our of slack.
And tonight we're in Dallas, Texas, at Port David's Pub, a place which I can't believe
still exists.
It's very little that I remember from Dallas still exists.
But we're here with Reverend Zaphod, our good friend, to see Fever in the Funk House.
That's like his favorite band.
And.
We did this last year.
We were here at in Dallas to see the same band fever in the fun.
So.
Yes, we did.
They were wonderful.
They're a little bit too good for our slack or should I say to mainstream sounding?
That's regular.
Good song.
Yeah.
It'd be like playing the Rolling Stones on the hour slack.
It wouldn't be much like somebody is already hearing that.
So this is not them in the background now.
This is.
I don't know what the hell it is.
And I'll probably do this whole routine again.
Later.
Over and out.
guitar solo
solo
That was Fever in the Funk House
recorded live at Poor David's Pub
in Dallas. It takes a lot to get me
to set foot in Dallas anymore, but
Reverend Zaphod made us an offer we
couldn't refuse, the offer of
slack. It was strange to
see Dallas again. There's none of the
old buildings left that I recognize
and yet perfect strangers
that I'd never seen before and yet
somehow did recognize.
I saw a Sarah look-alike
in Dallas last night. So that's
what happens any time you go to another city
is you see, you realize that there's only
you start understanding where
Susie the Floozy is coming from.
Everybody looks
alike. You go to another city.
You go to another city and you see the
same faces everywhere and you keep doing double
takes like, wait a second, I know that person. Wait, no, I
don't.
I went to China for six weeks and at the end
of the end, after about three weeks
I started seeing Chinese people
that look exactly like, that guy looks
like my uncle.
Looks like my neighbor. Yeah, even like
completely different so-called races
like there's still only so many
facial features that are there and once
you're looking for them, once you're accustomed to looking at people
who look a certain way, you're going to start putting
them in the context of all the
other faces you've ever seen in your life.
How isolated you were before.
Stang, didn't you tell me that there's like a
Ragnar doppelganger that's working
at one of the speedways up in
Cleveland? Actually, at my conspiracy
job, there's a guy who looks vaguely
like you.
I saw a Ragnar clone at
a speedway in Tennessee.
Well, there are Ragnar clones.
In fact, he was so Ragnar-like that we
sat and observed the
meth head users coming and going.
It seemed like that was the only kind of
people going in and out of there, which
I had me feel kind of strange about the dude.
Yeah, that's exactly what I have to do in my story, is I have to watch the meth heads
so that they don't steal the aluminum foil
and the batteries. See, this is the
dirty secret of Speedway.
You know, the way they were able to build such a
massive interstate empire of chain stores.
No, the dirty secret is
that they have clones of Ragnar.
Exactly. As long as they can have
a Ragnar in every store.
But as long as they can have a Ragnar in
every store, that's the secret to their success.
And that's also the reason
why there's never a mirror in any of the men's
rooms in any of the 1100 Speedways.
It's because
the clones get so furious at seeing
their faces all the time that they smash
the mirrors, apparently. That's a lot of
speed.
Yeah, yeah.
So anyway, obviously there's clones of
everybody, everywhere.
Anybody got a pen cap I can borrow?
I'll give it right there.
People report clones of me all
the time, and I've seen
kind of Dr.
Sinister-like
individuals.
Liar.
You know, visually, they just look that way.
You lie.
They don't sound that way.
Show me, I will kill them.
They make good targets.
They make good sacrificial victims,
you know, replacements,
you know, stooges,
patsies.
You know, it's funny, the first girl I ever
went out on a date with,
eventually, like, this is
when I was like
14 years old.
She, like a week later, she decided
to start going out with this other guy.
That's the only thing that I get mistaken for.
Used to get mistaken for all the time.
People walk up to me and it's like,
Hey, Kevin, how you doing?
It's like, that's not my name.
Who do you think I am?
The subgeniuses now are so old
and senile that this show
you're hearing was really just a random
bunch of sentences like kids talking
in a sandbox,
later rearranged
cleverly by young people
to make it sound like
we were really relating to each other.
Death closes all,
but something near the end,
some work of noble note
may yet be done,
not unbecoming men who strove
with gods.
You sure have a pretty mouth, Dr. Howe.
The lights begin to twinkle from the rocks.
The long day wanes.
The slow moon
climbs.
The deep moans round with many voices.
Now let's just see you drop them paintings.
Come, my friends,
tis not too late to seek a newer world.
Push off,
and sitting well in order,
smite the sounding furrows.
Squeal like a howl.
For my purpose holds
to sail beyond the sunset
and the baths of all the western stars
until I die.
Sir, if you were my husband,
I'd give you poison.
It may be that the gulfs
shall wash us down.
If you were my wife, I'd take it.
It may be we shall reach
the happy isles
and see the great Achilles,
who I knew personally.
Though much is taken,
much abides.
And though we are not now that strength
which in old days
moved heaven and earth,
that which we are,
we are
one equal temper of heroic hearts
made weak
by time and fate,
but strong in will
to strive, to seek,
to find, and not to yield.
That Jason and the Argonauts music
went perfect with that boy.
Well, you know,
I am totally famous with this famous music.
I mean, totally familiar
with this famous music.
Familiar, familiar.
Familiar with this famous,
very famous music.
So I know when to shoot
the razzmatazz in there.
Because like you,
I've heard this,
this famous music,
famously,
many, many times.
And it just keeps getting better.
And it better keep it up, too.
Thanks, Dr. Howell.
Funny how this show,
like the last one,
kept somehow returning to the subjects
of sickness and death.
Oh, well.
Anyway, this has been Hour of Slack
from the Church of the Subgenius.
You can find logs of everything
and, in fact, copies of every Hour of Slack
on our website, subgenius.com,
along with a link to our website,
with everything else we do.
The music in the background
is a mashed-up Onan cantovite.
And now, to close out,
a bizarre instrumental
called Sharp Marker
by the Psychoskeletons.
Praise Bob.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
It's just, it's just a dream
You're free
It's just, it's just a dream
You're free
Cat has just been won
Could this somehow explain Bob's gift?
Could this be proof that Bob and others with super memory
have some form of time-space synesthesia?
Does the ability to see time explain Bob's near-total recall?
Get down with my sickness
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show
and we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough
to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob
and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page
or especially the radio page or the catalog store pages
and click on the subgenius.com front page.
And help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference,
even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
blowjobs could go the way of stevejobs

if you don't pay dogs.
We also take checks and money orders to
Subgenius Foundation
P.O. Box 181 417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
