All right, that was Not Anymore by Screaming Jay Hawkins.
Those are all these last few tunes.
Before that was A Thing Called Woman.
She Put the Whammy on Me and Constipation Blues.
I'm Robert Wisdom, and you've been listening to the American Music Party.
Hell, man, somebody.
Thank you, Robert.
Boy, that was great.
Love that Screaming Jay Hawkins stuff.
You're right.
That's a good intro for an hour of slack.
Good hour and a half intro.
Probably a lot better than what you're going to get for the next hour.
Oh, yes.
And, oh, Buck just walked in.
Oh, come on, man.
Hi, girls.
Okay.
Let's hope this works.
What do you got to say?
Hey, my ball won't get up, man.
What do I do?
What?
My ball won't get up.
What do I do?
Your ball won't get up?
Yeah.
Well, I don't care.
You got a ball in my pocket.
Yeah.
Oh, well, that opened up a lot.
Hello.
What about you?
I got a great big monster ball in my pocket.
Hey, Rick Buck.
In answer to your second question,
it was planned that dog noses should look like wall sockets.
Opinions expressed in this rant are my own
and probably not even remotely similar
to those of you who have heard me speak.
I'm not sure if you're aware of this radio station
or management or equipment.
Today's sermon, friends,
is on the girls of 7-Eleven.
As you may know,
the Southland Corporation
and many other chain convenience stores
recently ripped Playboy and Penthouse off their shelves
because they received vague threats
from some stupid arbiters of decency or another
saying they'd be charged with selling pornography
if they kept those balls in their pockets.
Those nasty magazines in stock.
Now, apparently those magazines are much more dangerous
than cigarettes or beer,
which 7-Eleven still sells.
Now, I don't even buy Playboy and Penthouse myself.
Not that I think they're bad magazines.
Exactly.
They're just pink.
Pink in the wrong way.
But, see, Bob Dobbs doesn't believe in censorship
aside from child pornography
and subgenius church financial secrets.
In fact,
he once decreed that child sex pornographers
ought to be tortured on live TV for life.
But it's more pornographic
to hide that stuff away
and call it dirty
than it is to show some naked people
strutting their stuff.
Sure, it exploits women.
So does perfume and detergent ads.
Conspiracy's always gonna exploit everybody
for everything one way or another.
Repression,
That's what makes twisted, screwed up, suppressed needs
turn into bizarre outbursts of irrational hate.
You aren't going to go blind from whipping it,
and that's all there is to it.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.

Hello, darling.
Let me feel your willy, darling.
Let me feel your willy.
So anyway, I was in the 7-Eleven.
I told this clerk there I'd been thinking about boycotting 7-Elevens
because of their hypocritical decision to quit selling stroke books in the U.S.
Because they still sell them overseas.
But this clerk was shocked at what I said.
It was obvious that she thought it was just fine that 7-Eleven wouldn't sell those dirty magazines.
Now, you know, Playboy, to get back at 7-Eleven, is planning to run a pictorial on the girls of 7-Eleven.
And the sexist jerk that I am, I was thinking, gee, I'd kind of like to see this female clerk pose for that.
But friends, this was the trick.
There was no way that would happen.
Playboy.
I wouldn't use this woman because even though she was perfectly attractive as far as I was concerned,
or probably anybody else, she's real tall and real skinny,
had a bit too much character in her face to be called beautiful
by Playboy's pretty much sold-out, pink, conspiracy-oriented standards.
And I thought, now, which is the censorship, friends?
Isn't it running in both directions at once?
Just as 7-Eleven won't sell Playboy's,
Playboy wouldn't photograph.
This woman, just because she doesn't conform to their perverted idea of perfect feminine beauty.
So you got the conspiracy of the Puritans versus the conspiracy of the sex masters.
Hello, darling.
Let me feel your way, darling.
Hello, darling.
Let me feel your way, darling.
Let me feel your way, darling.
Let me feel your way, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Brave Bob.
Brave Bob.
Brave Bob.
Brave Bob.
Brave Bob.
Brave Bob.
Brave Bob.
Brave Bob.
Brave Bob.
Brave Bob.
Brave Bob.
Brave Bob.

Brave Bob.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say, see, hear, or think
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius Foundation and the participants.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
We subjected it to careful editing
to eliminate elements which we might consider in questionable taste
for late night viewing.
As it will be shown, it is well within the restrictions of the television code
which is even more restrictive and stringent in many areas
than the industry code.
We are sensitive to the concerns which prompted your letter
and assure you that...
This network will continue to adhere to the high standards
we have maintained throughout the years.
Thank you.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Subgenius Hour of Swatch.
Join us.




Welcome potential initiates.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
The next day I was doing some volunteer work for the station.
I was sitting in between two fellow K-N-O-N DJs who were women.
On one side was a lady who hosts a gospel show
and on the other was the host of one of the women's lib type shows.
They would have censored that playboy too, but...
but for totally different reasons each of them.
And Playboy would have censored them right back.
And truly, friends, the conspiracy is an insidious, multi-headed beast.
They'll let you roam real far out on one leash,
and then they got another leash attached to yank you back.
Now, I've got two kids.
Do I want my kids being exposed to every aspect of grown-up sexy stuff?
Do I really want to curse my son and daughter with the Playboy mentality?
No.
But I don't want this bitter, jealous kind of censorship, neither.
So what's the answer?
And the answer, friends, is if we subgeni want to combat both the Puritans and the Sex Masters,
we'll just have to be as entertaining as the Sex Masters.
And we're already way ahead of the Puritans, so we don't have to worry about them.
So, therefore, rather than stop exploiting,
women on this show, we need to have some women come on and exploit us.
And we never said they couldn't.
They just never wanted to.
And I think, frankly, it's because they didn't want to lower themselves to our level.
But tonight, friends, we're censoring all male callers
and allowing only female callers tonight under the theory that two wrongs do make a right.
So call in 828-9500, but only if you're female.
Sorry, no morphidizing.
Unless they've been through the complete sex change operation.
So call on in and give us hell, baby.
All right.
All we need to do is shake it off
And pack it on our feet
Shake it off
When they talk about you, shake it off
Shake it off
Shake it off
When they miss you, shake it off
Shake it off
Shake it off
When trouble comes in your life
Friends talk about you
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Oh, praise Bob.
Hey, Buck, get off the phone, man.
We got a show to do.
I'll just...
What you, what you, what you got on with you?
Come on.
As we said, friends.
That is a great, great, excellent conspiracy caller there.
What was that?
I said we had an excellent conspiracy caller there.
And he was telling me about this information.
He's going to send it to us in the mail.
And we're going to finally find out who off JFK after all this time.
I don't know who off JFK.
I'm not going to say.
Yeah.
Bob told me.
But yes, friends.
This guy knows about a certain...
A gentleman with the initials KT that we could name who was Oswald's foxhole buddy.
That was also a hierarch subgenius.
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
Oh, more evidence.
So he knows...
This fella, this fella, I mean, he was definitely on the ball.
This is not a cuck call by any means.
This is...
That's what they always say.
But tonight we can't have guys on the air because it's all women.
That's right.
All women.
All women night.
We have had...
Like you just heard in...
In Ivan's tape.
We have had some justified complaints that it's too much of a boys show.
So, hey, no problem.
So tonight women call in and we've got a special guest.
We've got a special guest.
And it's Sally Page.
Hey, y'all.
How y'all doing?
So Sally will come out and talk.
So we would like women callers...
I'll be answering...
Women callers for the air only and the number to call.
828-9500.
Or...
828-9500.

823.
What's the 823 number?
7490.
That's it.
823-7490.
On that...
On those calls, 823-9500, we can handle a lot of calls.
You might get unlucky and get the one line that's out right now.
So if you just hear it ring and ring and ring about more than, let's say, 20 times, hang up and try again.
Praise God.
Oh, good.
We're already starting to get a few.
So, yeah, we'd like women callers.
We'll screen you just to make sure you're the right sex.
When you're faced with a serious situation, you've got a world that's on the verge of nuclear holocaust and the all-democratic institutions in this country that haven't already vanished are under severe attack.
And when all that comes to mind is the Church of the Subgenius, I've got to think that's one of the reasons we're in the trouble we're in.
Well, just to try and put the Church of the Subgenius to rest.
Those of you who are not familiar with it, the Church of the Subgenius is essentially a group that...
And I'm sure that people will argue with me with this, but it's essentially sort of a comedy routine.
I mean, they may have a...
It's not a philosophical point, but it's based on humor.
There are articles about it in John Rubenstein's...
John Carroll's column in the Chronicle and things of that nature.
It's more or less a sort of a comedy affiliate.
It's about as politically weighty or less politically weighty than, you know, Saturday morning kids' TV.
So there's nothing to it.
Okay.
So what's next, children?
You look around at this youth culture, this political universe, you ask yourself,
Well, what the hell is left?
Elvis Presley's a fat monster?
Ramones are covering the Chambers Brothers?
What the hell is left?
The Church of the Subgenius, children.
That's what's left.
Say it with me, Brother Doc.
We may just be a joke, but it's a joke you can believe in.
Oh, children, children, children, if a joke is all it's left to believe in,
you don't blame Bob.
He doesn't make history.
He just exploits it.
Hi, Bob.
Right, Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Through subversive measures, Devo passes on the word of Bob by, uh, we...
If you take a look at our last album cover,
his name's been airbrushed into the rubber hairlines of each of the band members,
right next to the word sex.
Do Bob and sex go hand in hand?
Well, Bob is a kind of total, all-consuming sex.
Bob is a sex god.
Bob is a sex god.
For the backwards in galaxy.
We're like explosions.
We're like explosions.
We're like explosions.
That leave you feeling good.
We're like ideals.
That change the world for good.
There's nothing past the stop and go.
There's nothing but the up and go.
There's nothing like some in and out.
There's nothing more than what you know.
Oh, yeah.
About the only slack.
The only slack that I get anymore is worshiping at the holy temple of Ioni.
And...
Ah!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, my.
Oh.
Ah!
Oh!
Oh!


Oh!
Oh!


Oh!

Oh!


Oh!
Oh!
For Bob my friend, Bob is a sex god!
Ain't a bigger abomination in the world.
Than women wearing men's clothes.
And men wearing women's clothes and people being perverts.
That's the, two of the greatest sins in the world.
Is idolatry, witchcraft, homosexuality and men and
women wearing.....
The clothes of the opposition.'
and sex. It's abomination. And whosoever do it is abomination. And there's more people today,
their minds are perverted, their life is perverted, and they've been given over to a reprobate mind.
So many people today, even people that aren't homosexual, their minds are perverted. It's filled
with filth, and it's filled with all the ungodliness and wickedness that comes from the pit of hell.
And you see it on television, you see it in the movie houses, and you see it on the market stand.
Hey, and how about pornography? Shucks, all you have to do is look around you.
Female body parts are available just about anywhere, or pick up some picture books with
a free orifice included. Miracles of Engineering, yours for the plucking. If you don't mind the smell
of vinyl.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah. Oh no, I messed it up, I messed it up. What? I messed it up.
Risa, call back. Risa, call back. I messed it up. Dang it.
Now mama's on the bottom and papa's on the top. Baby's in the crib, a-hauling for her to her pop job.
Hey, Baba Rebob. Hey, Baba Rebob. Hey, Baba Rebob.
Hey, Baba Rebob. Hey, Baba Rebob. Hey, Baba Rebob.
Yes, my baby knows. Now sea is sea and land is land. Can't get my boogie, I can get it by hand.
Hey, Baba Rebob. Hey, Baba Rebob. Hey, Baba Rebob. Hey, Baba Rebob. Hey, Baba Rebob.
Hey, Baba Rebob. Yes, my baby knows.
Bob, in fact, is sexy.
And all in common from sex that is the very in-ness and surrounding-ness of the union of both the human and the uni.
And not just heterosexual sex. All sex.
Bob does not choose to fornicate.
Bob has the tune of runtime.
Us to fornicate.
And not just with women. Not just with men.
With animals, with plants.
And the things that I do.
Seriously.
But we have both.
Look, if someone wants to do this...
Okay, level three has passed all.



This black slave, I was told, was Его, hoodlum, blacksmith.
vegetables, meat.
I see.
And we already got a
We're already getting a call
Oh good okay
Let's see if we can bring that up
So to speak
Hello
Hey how you doing
I'm in a band called the Gravity Pilots
And we have a new song called
Bob is Sex
What do you think
Send us a tape
Send us a tape alright
I think we have sent you a tape
We sent one to KNON I'm not sure
Send one care of Buck Naked and I'll make sure
Okay Buck Naked Gravity Pilots
You know our PO box right
Right I've got the address
Oh and I was at the anti-pornography rally
Down on McKinney
And Cole at the park down there
Tell us more
Well actually I was there
Screaming free South Africa
But anyway
I saw lots of pink mediocrity
Pink media is the only kind
Right right
Jerry Falwell
And Zig Ziglar
And you name it
So anyway they all marched down
And I went home and went back to sleep
Because it was early in the morning
Do you think there's any chance of saving these people
Well there's always hope
Bob brings hope for anything
Bob is
Bob Hope is
Something like that
Bob is our hope
Well keep going
Jesus is Bob Hope
God is
God is
God is Bob Hope
Oh no
Well I'm moving to Austin
What should I do
How can I keep in touch
Figures you'd move to Austin
Get a satellite dish
And send a lot of
Well we can't tell you what to send to the subgenius church
But you know that PO box number 140306 in Dallas Texas
140306 75214
Okay well thanks
Oh yes and now
Praise Bob
Praise Bob




Praise Bob
Praise Bob
I think we've got another caller here
Would you mind
Okay bye bye
Okay
Hello
Hello
Oh this is Risa again isn't it
How did she know
Well I heard I took your call before and we got cut off but it was kind of an accident
We have the whiff reading device working right now
Oh that's okay but it really happened because the fair sex is the woman
Okay well keep going with that
Oh no no no no no no
I just wanted to know if you had any questions













Are you in the new new cult
Well why are you talking about this I tuned in kind of late why are you only taking women
Well primarily really because we get accused of having something against women or being
a boys club and it really isn't exactly that way
Oh it doesn't matter if it is or it isn't I wanted to ask you guys something we listen
here to y'all on Sunday nights and we wanted to know how long it takes you to put this
all together
Uh it it we put it together as you listen I mean this is we're all it's all on tape
anyway you know
I mean you guys don't sit down and get all this this music and
No no we leave it up to the chat to the to to to Bob's decisions it's all done entirely
by chance I have 7,000 cassettes sitting in front of me and I just stick one in after
another and praise Bob it just all seems to come out me you know it's not really a big

It's not really meaningful but as long as people think it is you know it doesn't have
to be true it only has to sound good and that's the key to running a religion properly you
know what I mean
It sounds very good it sounds like you work all week long to do it
I wish I wish I was being paid
Now I have another question who holds the pipe of Bob
Who now holds the pipe of Bob well that is a very good question because uh we don't we're
not sure about that we're not sure about that we're not sure about that we're not sure about
now whether the whether Bob Dobbs is alive or dead and there's a there's a supposed Bob
corpse implanted in Lucite at the top of the Interfirst Bank building with a pipe a broken
pipe clenched in its teeth but you know subgenius doctrine says that that if Bob's pipe is not
if the smoke from Bob's pipe is not rising to heaven the aliens won't think there's anything
on earth worth saving and they'll destroy us.
It's not a problem.

Oh in that case in that case we have to believe then that he's alive
we must we must there's no choice and there's no explanation you know that's the important
thing you have to remember there is no explanation and if we can just have faith in Bob and accept
that then we got no problem you know
well then I guess we should all praise Bob then
yes praise or kill Bob
no no no no never kill maim but never kill
maim Bob
okay I'm gonna go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead
and now we've got we've got a one of our K&ON DJs now to give a tell something to a previous
caller
okay
this is this is Audrey now she Audrey's gonna speak to us all in subgenius
Hello this is to the person that called and said they're going to Austin we have had somebody
from Austin call us up on our show several times and say that he has hooked his radio
antenna or wires or something up to telephone.


We usually call this arato

By the way, I'd like to say this also.
Ka-vomit.
That's a secret message to somebody else out there.
And what did you say?
Ka-vomit.
Oh, you're talking about vomiting now?
No, no, no, no.
It's ka-vomit.
Oh, oh, oh.
Special message.
Oh, oh.
Well, I just wanted to call in and make an appearance that you said only females to call in.
I wanted to...
Absolutely, because we get too many calls from men and not enough calls from women out here,
so we're going to try to undo all that in one night.
We're just doing some censorship now.
Oh, well, I think you guys are doing fine.
You have no problem with me.
If no women want to call in, well, tough luck on them.
Okay, well, thanks for sharing that with us, and call us back sometime.
Bye.
Okay, slack.
Hello?
I don't know if I got that one.
I think I got it that time.
Wow.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Yeah.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
I think we messed up.
No, here we go.
I think...
Doctor...
Is this it?
No!
Doctor, please.
No, wait.
Can you wait?
It is a time of flagrant immorality.
A time when the old standards have crumbled as if hit by history's greatest tidal wave
of filth and perversion and sexual promiscuity undreamed of even five years ago.
America's theater marquees screen every kind of degeneracy known to man,
from which...
to its craft and occultism, to devil worship and necrophilia.
Raw sex is peddled in every drugstore, while the nation's mailmen stagger under a burden
of filth that pours off the press and into America's homes.
Nothing is sacred, and the profane is sold on the Open Market Places of our cities, while
God is mocked, and the churches themselves.
Stage dances for sex perverts and new statues are substituted for the state's laws against



elen.
of the cross in an Oklahoma City Catholic Church.
We'll be right back.
Watch out!
Are you kidding?
Nice guy, huh?
Oh, God.
This is a crooked and perverse nation.
A guy like that, to me,
they should do nothing less than draw and quarter him.
Well, televise, draw and quarter him.
No.
It's coming. It's coming.
The only reason I'm going this way
is because I was cutting over to Abrams,
but I never did.
You can look for televised executions
by the late 80s.
It happens.
It has got to stop.
Man, I'll tell you what.
It's just, there seems like the weirdos are,
I mean, the really weirdos,
the dangerous weirdos are outnumbering
the harmless weirdos now.
Uh-huh.
It's giving a bad name for all weirdos.
Go ahead, T.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.




The lady down the block,
she had her piggy on the trolley
when it felt so bad.
So he took it the first chance he had,
and then he shot her in the leg.
But this is what she said.
He's only a rag.
You really can't blame him.
Only a rag.
I decided to maim him.
Only a rag.
It's our responsibility.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Only a rag.
He really couldn't have them.
Only a lie
He didn't want to do it
Only a lie
He's under privilege and abuse
The cops, a little bit confused
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Uh, yes, dear friends, this is KNON 90.9
The voice of the Yetis
The voice of the Yetis, everyone
Where are we at, Sally?
What city are we in?
Um, Big Dig Dallas, Texas, yeehaw
And what happened to cassette, too?
I'll drink to that
Oh, it's cassette one
You can drink to anything
Do you want to take another call?
Huh?
I think it's
Yes, yes
I want to hear from teenagers
I want to give some helpful hints to teenagers
Teens, call in
This is the
You know, sex, friends
Is the key
Is the divine battle
And we're just not getting enough violence
And verbal epithets hurled back and forth
It's a battle that shall never end, friends
And, you know, this is
This is a sexist church
And that we're for the sexes
You know what I mean?
You worship Brother Bob
You don't worship Sister Carol
No, as a matter of fact
There's Bob's feminine counterpart, Barbara
His twin sister
It's a twin sister
Is that anything like She-Ra?
Very much like She-Ra
You know, She-Ra is He-Man's twin sister
In a separate universe
Barbara
We just lost one
Those poor
Those poor callers
You know, and I'm wondering
What happened to my poor cassette?
Can we hear anything from this caller?
Hello, caller?
Hello?
Hello, nice caller
Come here
Come here
Come on
If we don't get a real caller
We're gonna put a fake one on
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
Give me a little call now
Come on
Be a good caller
Come on
How about that?
Hello?
Here I am
It's Reverend Cecilia again
Oh, great
You bounced around on the board
But go ahead
Talk to us
Oh, hi, guys
It's a wonderful evening
Isn't it?
Praise Bob and then some
Oh, yes
It's wonderful that you're finally talking about Barbara
Not too many people know about her
Not Barbara
The divine counterpart of Bob
The mistress of Slack
That's right
Well, Barbara is
You know, Bob looks different every day
And I've got pictures of Bob
You bet
I'm Barbara even as we speak
And who knows?
Sally maybe as well
Well, you know, the reason we don't talk about Barbara much
Is frankly there's a terrible scandal involved in the Dobbs family
Uh, Bob is a terrible man







Bob has tried to cover up a certain rather intimate relationship that he had with his sister, Barbara
Mm-hmm
That is Bob
But Barbara and Barbara are one and the same
Oh, ask Onan about that one
Yeah, well, it does take two to make a squirting universe
Well, there's a squirting oozing universe with two
That, too
Now, we could get into singularities
But that's okay, too
Absolutely, positively
Mm-hmm
It's a lot more fun when you have both of them
I agree
How long do we have to go?
See, why do you think you have to keep this on, Bob?
Because we're trying to find out
Then we can also see color

We can now get to decide
Is there a collusion of MICHAEL and OTTA

Yes, but you know
To Ideally be connected
Why not?
people may have ideas now that they've stumbled upon it but now we're talking about something
totally alien to our way of of uh reproduction entirely oh i don't think we can underestimate
this this reverend here what do you think it's the third or fifth section i think the the uh
it will bring like a new boom to business to singles bars personally i think oh absolutely
absolutely even now on alien joining the rush i urge all the subgeniuses to get out there and
practice and be ready for it be ready for it because it's coming good friends and so will we
all oh yes dear friends sex hurt yeah sex hurt that don't mean tying them up nay nay it doesn't
mean hurting anybody means love just pure love love until it hurts until something hurts too much to
keep going
so uh oh yes it's it's it's so true and you know the problem is though the conspiracy set it up so
that both sex and the lack thereof cause tremendous problems and can you imagine when there are 24
different sexes how many people you're going to have to hit on in a singles bar it'll take you all
night to get the full combination
for sure no one will get bored that's right and just think uh pansexuality
a pan full of sexuality and a bucket of slack beer friends and a loaf of bread and a jug of wine and
dad beside me squirting in the universe
someday friends that mighty climax of this whole universe will occur and earth will make it to the
to the punch line i'm convinced i'm convinced i'm convinced i'm convinced i'm convinced i'm convinced
i'm convinced i'm convinced i'm convinced i'm convinced i'm convinced i'm convinced i'm convinced i'm convinced
you know if we can just let bob finish the the minor practical joke that's right the one that he
doesn't stick around for praise help me somebody oh yes thank you sister praise cecilia praise you
bet praise barbara what else have we got going on here give yourself to the feeling friends
have we got this call run yet let your arms fall
how about that
has that brought you in hello hello hello hello yeah hello what is this
what that's a good question this church is a what is it you know that's that's the only
way we can describe this religion we're part of is there a god it is a god why limit yourself to
one there are there are more than one no matter what you've heard from the false churches philosophy
where uh i don't believe it you're just just a part of it you're just a part of it i'm just part of the church
in god or the so-called god of you don't believe in god what were you saying there is a god
okay what do you believe in instead i i believe that i don't have to believe you don't have to
i believe that i don't need a superior being that i have to believe in i believe i can live
by myself and not having have to believe or depend on something else just depending on myself the
only problem with that is you cut yourself off from bob man from bob yeah and barbara let's not
forget barbara barbara and what about nunu i mean don't you don't you ever have the need for nunu in
your life what are the ancient fertility goddesses of the past right
nunu and narnini i mean where would you be if it weren't for those fertility goddesses
what if you never had a sperm donor what what do you think i mean i know you're strong enough to
stand on your own but but why bother when you've got all these great gods goddesses
i mean why not use a crutch if you've got one i've tried it you've had no it doesn't work you
would have no holidays to celebrate maybe the fourth of july oh i celebrate every day
this
this isn't it there's no reason to have to celebrate you can celebrate whenever you feel like
well yeah but you have no fruit in your life you know bob's birthday is it is every day and
it's true you don't have to celebrate bob's birthday for him but that gives you some one more
excuse to have another beer that's right he's had 365 different past lives each one
beginning on a new disc see i think you're closing yourself off you don't realize this
the church of the subgenius is totally different from all the other crutches you've ever seen i've
been to the church of the subgenius i mean most of those are just to be metaphorical the rest of
them are like just sticks of wood bob is like an electric wheelchair with with uh servo motor arms
on it that does everything for you well i see it this way where uh something happens the only
reason i have to blame is myself and that way i don't get hurt but don't you know you can't don't
you blame neagie for all your misfortunes any of them that you don't think neagie can even mess you
up it's called karma
karma oh she does have a religion yeah
yeah so everything has a fill your guts uh-huh i believe in karma the cause of okay causing effect
so in other words if somebody's bad in this life then they're gonna they're gonna have to pay for it
later every day a person makes their own karma every day a person okay but if you make causes
and whatever your cause that you
make every day even when you're thinking you're making a cause
what about him what about him does that mean what about dust bunnies what about him caller caller if
you had an affair with a married man all right does that mean that when you got married your
husband would cheat on you no i don't know what it means is that karma or not that's called causing
effect you're going to get an effect from making that cause but you don't know what this sex is going to be until it happens
and you don't even know what it is when it happens you know you'll get an infection、
because you make causes every every minute of the day well that's pretty cosmic friends are
you tired of cosmic sweetness and life garbage you calling my philosophy y garbage
are you staying you making a cause there I wouldn't want to be in the new shoes with the effect
this is for the ultimate cause like what other cause do you need than bomb i mean it's like the ultimate excuse since it's made a deal by the fact that LOVE and hated is because you're negative it's all a slip of the i Drive to cleaning I lips when you're happy if you do love God but you leave is no horizon Nihilism doesn't mean yes or no peace
I don't need an excuse.
Oh, that's what you think.
What about pills? Do you need pills?
Do I need what?
Pills.
Pills?
Yeah, the pills.
What for? Are you talking about drugs?
No, pills.
Well, yeah, we are, but not cheap conspiracy street drugs and not even the kind that doctors push on you.
No.
But I'm talking about cult drugs.
Yeah, pills like Bob or Jesus, you know.
Or Hoverfob Zipulops.
About what?
How about Hoverfob Zipulops?
You've tried the new Frop High, haven't you?
Let's not get too inside, but this person is completely new.
No, no, no.
I feel like she can really understand everything in this cult.
Well, what about it?
Book pills.
How about book pills?
Do you ever read a whole book?
I think we need to go to another call.
I read books, yeah.
But do you ever take a pill that gives you the whole book?
Oh, sorry, never mind.
Look, they're making me hang up on you.
It's against my will.
I'm sorry.
I don't care.
I don't care what lengths I go to anymore.
All is fair and all that.
Dr. Harris, you're a doctor.
A doctor.
Doesn't that mean anything to you, a surgeon?
Yes, I'm Dr. Edith, but I'm a man also.
You're under arrest!
Something sick.
Something sordid.
Vicious and depraved.
Vagina.
Vagina.
V-A-G-I-N-A.
Vagina.







It's now like passage between the uterus and an
opening between the father's legs.
It is the place where sperm are deposited by the father and
the maiden in the passage so that the baby passes
into the new world where he was born.
Testicles.
Testicles.
Spelled T-E-S-T-I-C.
Ah, ah.
Hi.
Have I got something for you.
This?
This is the one and only Mojo Bag.
And with this, you don't need no long hair
or cool cigarettes or cool guy shades
because you could have any woman you want
with the Mojo Bag.
And you don't need no knife or gun
because ain't nobody can hurt you
when you got the Mojo Bag.
But you too can have the one and only Mojo Bag.
Yeah, I'd give it to you for oh, I guess about $8.
I accept no substitutes, but one word of caution,
one word of caution.
Don't you never look inside the Mojo Bag
because it got the juju and that is hot stuff.
Hot stuff, baby.
All right, well, we're gonna try another one here.
Hello, caller.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Boys and girls in this up-and-coming-us land.
I just wanted to say, I think this is terrible censorship
having all these women calling me.
And no men, right?
You are, you are.
And we're not letting any men call and just women, right?
What does this test drone have to do with anything, huh?
You are damn right.
And you think it's censorship?
It's censorship?
You're saying it's very much that way.
You're right.
You are damn right.
Yep, that's right, because this is all women night.
We've had plenty of men callers in our show.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
We need to have a female speaker here.
It's damn right that this is censorship.
It is our Bob-given right that we as followers of Bobra,
the female sector, have a right to stand up and speak.
I mean, let's not, let's not pussyfoot, pardon the pun,
anymore around this.
Women are the dominant species.
We have let men slide. What a joke.
They've been played along too long.
I mean, let's face it.
Let's face it.
Our vaginas have teeth and you know it.
The beak, beware the octopus beak, my friend.
What she's saying is true.
Men, we've got to fight back.
No, it's useless.
The numbers to call are 823-7490 or 828-8500.
823-7490.
823-7490 is the best number to call.
If it's busy, call the other number.
This is all women night tonight.
And they're lighting them up.
Let's give one.
Oh, let's try one more of these disgusting creatures
that lack important parts of their anatomy.
And of course they're replaced by better parts
and for certain things.
Let's see, try this again.
Oh, no wonder.
We weren't hooked up.
Okay.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?

What am I doing wrong?
Red room staying.
Hello?
Hello?
You're just not showing enough.
Anybody here?
What's wrong?
You aren't putting your hand on that queue button there.
Are you?
No friends.
There's only one thing left.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?

Hello?
Hi.
Hi.
Okay.
We got a live one.
Is this the Bob show?
Yeah, our Slack.
This is the first time I've heard your show.
Great.
No, not great.
You see, I'd always heard good things about Bob
and about people who believe in Bob.
Yeah?
Well, y'all aren't very good.
We're not.
No?
What have we done wrong?
What have we done?
Well, you can't run the board right, for one thing.
Oh, well.
Gee, thanks.
Will you come in here and help us?
No, I have other things to do.
Yeah.
Oh, I see.
Yeah.
I had plans tonight.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, really.
You really ought to organize your thoughts a little more
and figure out what it is you do believe in
and send her an issue for the evening, not just divide it up.
Let's have women denied, men the next time.
Well, thanks for sharing that with us.
Find an issue.
Yeah, we don't have an issue tonight, Buck.
Yeah, I know.
Wait a minute.
Oh, god.
I just issued all over my .
Oh, my god.
If you're worried about . . .
Everything I heard about Bob followers is true, isn't it?
Everything you know is true.
That's what people just can't seem to get through their heads.
Literally everything you've ever heard is true,
and you just keep trying to give things certain priorities of truth.
It's just, you know, one . . .
God, I just don't get it.
Let's get her.
Oh.
. . .
Oh.
Pink alarm.
Hello?
Hello?
Caller?
Hello?
Well, we don't know how to run the board, you guys.
We're just a bunch of immature babies.
Oh, no.














No!
Hello?
I love little girls, they make me feel so good.
I love little girls, they make me feel so bad.
When they're around, they make me feel like I'm the only guy in town.
I love little girls, they make me feel so good.
They don't care if I'm a one-way mirror, or that I'm right by my cold exterior.
They don't ask me questions.
They don't ask me questions.
They don't want to scold me.
They don't look for answers.
They just want to hold me.
Isn't this fun?
Where's this place all about?
Isn't this a great country?
Isn't this a nightmare too?
Oh, I love little girls, they make me feel so good.
I love little girls, they make me feel so good.
I love little girls, they make me feel so bad.
When they're around, they make me feel like I'm the only guy in town.
I love little girls, they make me feel so good.
They don't care about my inclinations, they're not right by my revelations.
Uh oh.
Take a second, take a second.
Uh oh.
It's a mistake.
Uh oh.
I'm in trouble.
Uh oh.
Little girls, they make me feel so good.


A little too, a little too.
Little too.
Little, a little too, a little too later!
Isn't this a place all about?
Isn't this a train country?
Isn't this a nightmare too?
Uh oh.
I don't care what people say.
And I don't care what people think.
And I don't care.
How he looked when he got back free
They make me feel so
I love little girls
They don't care about the one-way mirror
They don't care about my cold exterior
They don't ask me questions
They don't ask me stories
They don't look for answers
They just try to hold me
Uh-oh, I'm in trouble
Uh-oh, the little girl is just
Too little, too little, too little
Too little, too little, too little
Too little, too little, too little
Uh-oh, I'm in trouble
It's a true, it's a
It isn't just a nightfall
It isn't just a dream come true
It isn't just a nightmare too
I love little girls, they make me feel so good
I love little girls, they make me feel so bad
When they're around, it feels like they're the only guy in town
I love, I love little girls, they make me feel so good
I love
No, no don't touch me
Don't think I'm not gonna tell him about men
What terrible things men do
When he grows up, he's not gonna manhandle any poor little girls
And do you know that I have not been in a city for the last probably five or six years
Where I have not had to deal with children
Who, this has been their affair since they were little children
And I'm not gonna tell you
Oh-ho-ho-ho
Well, when
Friends, I know there's some troubled teenagers out there
And Sister Sally is here ready to take your calls
Answer your questions
We've got a boy caller here
meaning the most ancient of the fertility goddesses,
Nunu, the ancient one.
A man could get lost in her many folds.
The most ancient art of mankind.
You're with us, Collier. You're with us.
The sculptures of Nunu.
Go ahead, tell us about Nunu.
Lay it on us.
Nunu?
Yeah.
Come on, get it together, man.
It's okay.
I have troubles.
Yes?
Yes.
We're here. We understand. We care.
Hello?
Yes.
Hello?
I have troubles.
Yeah?
Nunu is in my dreams.
Hmm. In your dreams, huh?
Yes. She's been in my dreams for the last ten years.
And I've been fertile all this time.
But now she has stopped coming in my dreams.
Does this mean I am no longer fertile?
Let me ask you this. Have you started coming in your dreams?
Have I been coming in my dreams?
Everyone has.
Everyone has.
What else has entered into your dreams?
Well, actually, there are occasional dragonfly or warthog,
but that's nothing unusual for me.
It's pretty surrealistic.
And how do you feel when this happens?
When I have these dreams, a number of things happen.
Occasionally, my navel will swell.
But normally, I wake up with a massive fit of sneezing,
but it's nothing I can't control.
It just worries me because my wife, you know,
she's...
It's a sneezing universe, Franz.
Have you ever tried eating a Taco Bell?
Um, I thought of that, but I wanted to get your approval first.
I think if you eat a Taco Bell for the next three weeks,
lunch and dinner, and start practicing pyroflatulation.
Okay. What about breakfast?
And I don't care what you eat for breakfast.
Nails and goldfish.
Well, if you can stomach it.
But just like I said, I wanted to hear more guests
the next time you speak to us.
Okay?
Thank you.
And, uh, yeah.
Flashulation.
Just flash this over the air, okay?
Praise God.
All right. Slide.
Well friends, you know, the examination of this data field
surrounding the philosophy of spatio-centric relationships
reveals a direct connection between physics
and theology and the sneezing universe.
Oh, yes.
Dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty.
Dirty little girl, dirty little boy.
I, your mother, want to scrub, scrub, scrub you clean, clean, clean.
Get that filthy animal out of here!
Said there's so much depression
Can't keep trying to live no more
Son's becoming husband, still in murders
Old man turning young daughters into whores
And this is Crooked and Perverse National
And thou hast broken the covenant with thy home maker
And thou knoweth not the law
What is the law?
Not to walk on all fours
That is the law
Mine is the house of pain
Mine is the hand that makes
For thou art slipping back like unto the ape of the forest
Who eateth his own excrement loose
Who eateth his seed or his own cake
If ye can whip it not, go ye down
Henry Ford
Big hairy devil
We went together for about three years at St. Bernard
He died in my arms
Ha ha ha ha ha
Laura?
God says it's a sign of the times
When you turn your back on my truth
Your society is going to be given over to this corrupt lifestyle
And God says that it's corrupt
And I don't care what any psychiatrist or sociologist
I don't care what any political leader says
I don't care what anybody in America says
God almighty says that homosexuality is an eternal sin
Submissive to government, submissive to masters, so on
Likewise, you wise, be submissive to your own heart
Submissive to your husband
In other words, push yourself under the authority
Under the headship of your husband
God's coming back for a Holy Ghost, power-packed, soul-winning church
That's going to be taking this world by force
By the power of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ
We're going to see literally millions of Christians
They're going to march through the streets
We're going to preach on the television, on the radio
We're going to start controlling society
Because we're tired of being pushed around by the world
And I'm tired of the devil lying and stealing and cheating people's lives
And the only truth is our Lord Jesus Christ
And we are not going to hide
We are not going to be intimidated
We are not going to be pushed around
But we're going to stand up for righteousness
And stand up for godliness
But let's leave things of this world behind
And walk now down the path of Bob
For this brief minute of slack
From the Church of the Submissive
Genius
Friend, the devil is tearing the family apart
But what the devil uses to do it with is nine to five jobs
Conspiracy, corporate, peak situations
Where mommy and daddy get up in the morning and go to work
And they kiss the kids goodbye
It's the first time they see them during the day, kiss them goodbye
Kind of a simultaneous goodbye and hello
Then they get home about seven o'clock
Ticked off, to use a polite term
After a long drive back out to the suburbs
They get home, they kiss their kids hello and goodnight
And they go to bed
And the other churches dare to say the breakdown of the family
Is cause the kids see a little tittering stupid sexy gags on television
Or cause the new permissiveness
Where men are allowed to do things with other men
That's a bunch of holy hooey I say, my friend
I say, why not legalize pornography?
And ban work
Work is what takes the parents away from the kids
Most of these kids these days grow up
They don't have parents
They got some kind of robot scarecrows
And the, oh friend, let there be slack
Yes dear friends
Now it's coming down towards the end of the broadcast
It's about time for us to give that sacred P.O. box again
For the Church of the Subgenius
And this is where you can write for information
For free, for free
Free, free, free, free, free, free
No money, just free, free
Then we hit you up for the money
No, no, no, no
We wouldn't do a thing like that
Free, free, free
It's, friends, have you got that pencil ready?
I know it's confusing
But here it is
It's P.O. box
One four oh three oh six
Dallas, Texas
Seven five two one four
Ah yes
Good night, baby subgenius
Yes, and thank you, Sally
Sister Sally
Oh my, I can't wait to lead him
His mom leaves his friend
In the past
And then back into the mighty slaughterhouse
And special thanks to Phil and the Blanks
For helping us on this
And every show, actually, Phil
And in this case, without the Blanks
Has been in the background
On almost every hour of Slack
And friends, let's pray for his soul
It's too late for me and Buck and Sister Sally
But that's P.O. box
One four oh three oh six
Dallas, Texas
Seven five two one four
And stay tuned for the mighty
Monday morning show
With Norm Ward
And eventually John Horton
No, no, Horton's in overseas or something
He's calling in
Baby, baby John
Praise Bob
Come help me, somebody
Shane got no legs
My legs are on fire
Pull the lever
Down you go
Ow, ow, ow!
sûre
You didn't get hit
So I could meet up with the fake





Just look at you















