It's just Bob. It's just Bob. It's just Bob. It's just Bob is what it is. It's just, it's literally Bob.
I got the hot dog up to my mouth again, and I was ready to bite, and the scream got louder.
And it hit me. No, it couldn't be.
The subgenius power of Bob.
Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob.
All right.
All right.
Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob. Bob.
And finally, Bob said, life after death, why wait?
Because, friends, Bob promises something greater than life or even death.
Bob promises slack.
Yes, slack.
And so many people say, well, Reverend Stang, what is slack?
Is that like when I drink a beer and watch TV?
It might be.
Slack is indefinable by definition.
It's different for each person.
It's pure, pure perception unfettered by common sense.
It's literally something for nothingness.
Whatever works for you.
If nothing works, then fine.
Let it.
You already have slack.
That is the point of the Church of the Subgenius.
You just haven't appreciated it yet.
You have more slack than you can appreciate.
Until it is taken away.
You have it.
In fact, friends, you have it all.
You just haven't believed it yet.
So, I could go to a Q&A for the last 15 minutes.
I could also tell you the real conspiracy behind 9-11.
The real thing behind 9-11.
This was, this was, somebody said, well, which seems more likely to you?



Bush and his cohorts, including a multitude of Arab leaders and the press, are all evil geniuses
who not only conceived this intricate plot, but managed to execute it to perfection by working together?
Or, are our leaders and theirs are terminally pink moron fuck-ups, pawns of a conspiracy bigger than even they can comprehend?
And this subgenius, Cuttlefish, said,
I think the Twin Towers cut themselves.
And the next guy said,
They were cleaning their airplanes and they didn't know they were loaded.
The hypnotist who hypnotized the bricks the towers were made of fell asleep and the bricks stopped believing.
A janitor was cleaning the basement and he saw a big red button that said,
Do not press this button.
Jonathan Livingston, who is the head of the astronomer, said,


Winston Segal flew back into this dimension after 30 years at two-thirds the speed of
light and smacked into it.
It was Colonel Mustard in the conservatory of the United States.
Some wise ass said, look, Pamela Anderson is running down the street topless and everyone
rushed to one side of the building at the same time.
And last but not least, all together now, the Jews did it.
I'm getting so tired of that one.
I'm not even Jewish.
Let's see.
Some gods are evidently so weak that they need humans to do their dirty work for them.
And you can't say it's just the gods' fan clubs to blame.
The gods let them do this crap.
Now you're real gods.
You're probably not.
Proper old-timey gods get what they want by sheer omnipotence and magic, not by bombs
or YouTube videos.
And they must really enjoy the hell out of all this ruckus, the sick bastards.
And I've got a little postcard here from a subgenius I don't even know.
But you can tell when Bob channeled stuff.
Because this one, this is a new Bob saying announced here for the first time.
Tell me if you can explain it.
The road to heaven.
Is paved with meat.
The road to meat.
Is not paved at all.
See what I mean about, you know, only Bob would come up with something like that?
I think Zippy the Pinhead must be his cousin.
Actually, we're told that Jack Handy came up with that one.
But let's get down to business, friends, and continue with session seven in the Subgenius
University course in Identification of Monsters.
One, eats food, magma of underground.
Two, shoot fleezing rays through eyes.
Slow down, I'm writing this down.
Three, a gigantic angler.
Shoots ray.
Northern Pacific had a big damage.
Now does this seem like an angler fish with a lang, a lantern hanging at the end of its...
I always wondered about that.
I think it says a gigantic angler.
I assume it means that type of fish.
Yes, it is a Japanese monster.
They are based on...
Some of them are based on marine organisms.
Let's not be racist.
We won't attribute any race to this.
Just look at it, man.
Look at the screen.
It's obviously a Japanese monster.
It's an Asian monster.
I see you out there, El Cerrito.
Let's just say Asian.
Let's not...
Well, there is a difference.
There is a difference between Hong Kong monsters like Mikey the King Man.
Well, it's a Far East Asian.
Korean monsters like Yongari Monster.
How about we say a Far East non-peninsular Asian?
And an ordinary Japanese monster like Yongari Monster.
Let's say an Asian.
All right, all right.
We'll say it's an Asian island.
So what's going on in L.A.?
Come on.
They come from Ozu Island.
It's not...
It's not...
It's not a mainland Asian monster.
It's not a mainland Asian monster.
They come from Monster Island, from happy Monster Island.
They're here from Monster Island.
Monster Island is their home.
Popular culture may be as much a mirror of our society as it is a perpetuator of our
best interests.



rode a horse no longer able to금.
They're the beginning.
associate with Johnny Depp, the fascinating Monaten Anyway, I'm killing some of these

Do they Кann.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . P 좋 terraена,
I want to see some guy running through the Kmart with an automatic weapon firing at the clerks.
Um, could you check the class of one more time?
I want to see thousands of people in the street killing policemen.
Um, could you check the class of one more time?
I want to hear about a nuclear meltdown.
I want to know the stock market dropped 2,000 points in one day.
I want to see people under pressure.
Uh, if anything, uh...
Are you sure there's nothing under my bed?
Uh, nope, no monsters here.
Uh, uh, nope.
Nope, no monsters here.
Okay?
Okay.
Okay.
The ideology of the external threat...
is integral to the Western political culture.
It provides the fuel which makes the propaganda model operate so vigorously.
External threats have been ingrained into journalistic practices to the point...
that even in periods of peace, it is expected for journalists to frame issues...
in terms of our guys versus the bad guys.
But the reality is, the government is the only one that can stop the government.
And it's the only one that can stop the government.
For strangers, my friends, might be our own monsters.
And that piece was by Reverend Phineas Narco.
You can get a lot more from him at, uh, nationalcynical.com.
This hour of slack is about monsters.
Monsters of the mind and of the conspiracy.
And also of the exists of Dobbs Prophecy.
Because, uh, they talk about that a lot on KPFA Berkeley show.
Puzzling Evidence show.
Um, with Dr. Violet Drummond and Dr. Howell.
And Puzzling Evidence.
Um, is our god, Bob, not after all, to some people, including me, the ultimate monster himself?
And are monsters not the second coolest thing to...
Well, whatever the first coolest thing happens to be for you?
Anyway, back to Philo, Puzzling Evidence, and Dr. Howell.
Uh, they did that show reluctantly due to an accident with the De-Bigifier.
But they did it anyway.
We've got to do it.
Well, not really.
She's mouse size and, uh...
Burr, right here.
Within the next 47 minutes, she'll come back to normal size.
Okay, well, while that...
I'm not sure if we can control her now.
I didn't realize it would take that long.
Oh, what?
Philo?
What on...
Sorry, how you got carried away.
If they put me down, I'll come back and then I'll...
I won't do that anymore, I promise.
But, are you sure?
They said there would be those who were like us, but were actually some kind of mutant.
Well, uh, yes, it is a mutant.
Mutant!
It is a mutant, but nonetheless, it doesn't have to give us our work assignment.
It's a mutant invasion.
It's a mutant invasion.
So, by the way, what's the deal with, um...
With Philo contacting the aliens?
Are you talking about the desert?
And now you're contacting aliens as well, you whistling?
Well, the Overman was charged with that back in, uh...
At a time when your country needs you.
Back in 1980.
They helped your country.
The Overman, uh...
They had the official deal?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, well, yeah.
Back in 1980...
They're killing our women and children out there.
Uh, Puzzle and Evidence went out to the desert with, uh, Overman, first class.
You did!
Because he's charged with contacting the aliens.
And we have video footage of that.
How much was it?
Uh, I don't know.

I don't know how much was the charge.
It'll be up on YouTube soon.
So I just wondered what the deal was with that.
Wow.
You see the aliens on YouTube?
What's the deal with that?
I think it's, uh, it's just what the church was responsible for.
I saw some very eerie footage on YouTube, but I can't describe it because it's so far

This is not the footage you're describing now.
...the charts, but, uh...
Really?
You shouldn't watch Puzzle and Evidence TV if you're gonna feel like this.
The gag at the end is, uh, not suitable for airplay, unfortunately.

So I can't tell the anecdotes.
Yeah, don't.
Don't do it.
It's just important to hear.
Don't give the anecdote.
When the cops come over here, we lose our license to fly the show.
Yes, we want to make it very short.
Stay within the standards of life.
You're in the land of the free.
Yeah, in the land of the free.
Right.
Good, good, good.
Good housekeeping, seal of approval.
Use the land of the free.
You can do anything you want.
Broadcasting here.
Within the zone of comfort and good, honest family values.
You can do anything you want as long as you don't get caught.
As long as it's in your mind.
For Caucasian Christians in common.
And you don't have to devise the mind control technology that, uh...
But if you have a mullet, you can automatically get away with it.
Mullet?
People don't realize the business in the front, party in the back.
But the mullet TV show didn't succeed.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Yes, I did think it was necessary to point out that the mullet show was not a success
with the American public.
But no, not really.
Seriously, what about the, uh, the overman and the aliens?
Well, there is a story, but I know the overman personally.
And he would never get together with aliens against the human race.
He is, uh...
He might...
It might seem that, but I trust him.
I'll hold on.
I'll be the last person.
I believe he would be a cosmic quizling.
Now, I would suspect that he...
And you can take that to the bank.
He may be, uh...
Maybe only in the short term.
He's appearing to be a quizling.
Oh, look at those shorts.
A cosmic quizling.
So that he can...
Well, um...
Procure the appropriate funds to...
To fund the actual...
Uh-huh.
Uh, rebellion itself.
Uh-huh.
So he's sneaking into the back pocket of the aggressors, stealing their cash funds.
And he's...






He's stealing from the man to stick it to the man.
And he's using that to arm the insurgents.
He's stealing from the man to stick it to the man.
We're insur...
Insurging the armants.
He robs from the rich and he gives to the poor.
No, I mean arming the insurgents.
What happens in the footage is the...
That the overman in the nighttime goes out and sees the alien...
And he's not notching.
And the alien approaches him and then he disappears.
And then there's rumored to be footage of him later aboard the UFO...
All special glowing alien approaches him.
...shoving over the ancient...
He fights monsters?
...missions.
Across the field.
And then he...
And that's when he shoves over the ancient...
In the heat of the...
...mission, right?
...of the night in the Midwest.
The alien guy does that.
He destroys the ancient mission.
You can smell the plants and the crops growing.
Yeah.
And the alien is there glowing.
And that can never see the light of day.
His own body glows.
He stands...
Just in case somebody recognizes...
...taller than a man.
...the ancient mission.
...the planet that would never die.
...the one piece of dirt that...
They would recognize what looked like to anybody else a large ant bed...
Yeah.
...in the middle of the desert.
Those people look like ants down there.
...is actually a remnants of a mission...
Those are ants down there?
...that was from an ancient...
I'll go ahead and scorch them.
...it wasn't like it was a Spanish mission.
It was a mission from an ancient civilization that predated any...
Look, they got a little tiny mission down there by the ant hill.
That's it.
I don't believe it.
It must be Catholic ants or something.
So it was like, yeah, it was this pile of ant poo was older than all mankind.
Right.
Older than Cheech and Inza.
Older than the hills.
Older than...
...if it didn't matter.
Yeah.
It better be for the hills it was built on.
...early tales of Woldercan and the god Yawthor.
Yeah, it was just an unbelievable conundrum wrapped inside of a smegma fish head.
But there need be no stigma.
I mean, no.
An enigma fish head.

This enigma can be unwrapped like last week's fish wrapped in a newspaper.
Wrapped in a newspaper-shaped mystery.
Yeah, all I know is that the overman walks off and then he talks about the alien life
after he...
I was just wondering about the original tasking that he got from Church of the Subgenius about
talking to the exes and the...
Watch out.
You nearly hurt Kitty.
...the men in black.
Yeah, he was trying to make a deal so they would kind of decide what he could really...
I was reading up on the old church recently.
Oh, yeah, you were, huh?
...those ancient records left by large...
Yeah, going and trying to write some...
...by large...
...and then you just go to read about that in your ancient pamphlets.
The ancient textuses, that's what I trust.
You've got copies, hard copies, eh?
The real textuses.
They can't disappear into digital form.
The hard, the hard stuff.
Yeah, the hard copies.
They really exist.
Because that's what turns me on.
That's like hard-coded into your hardwired mind.
To see the ink scratches.
Well, you...
Yeah.
How many of these alarming documents?
What are they saying?
These are top secret documents.
You've got, yeah, you've got some...
How many do you have of them?
...of that nature?
How many pages would you say?
Here, I'm just counting them now.
They're in this bucket.
Oh, I see.
Well, I...
Oh, yeah, that is a very large bucket.
...can't hate someone to kick that bucket out.
Hey, hey, hey.
Don't, don't kick the bucket, man.
Don't kick the bucket.

Find anything, Bob?
No, Doctor, not a thing.
There you are.
You see, there's no sign of any excessive radioactivity anywhere in the area.
Odd, wouldn't you say, for something coming in from outer space?
I don't know what's odd and what isn't anymore.
But I do know I expected you to be more open to the idea than the others.
You're a man of science.
And therefore less inclined to witchcraft, John.
Not witchcraft, Dr. Snell.
Imagination.
Willingness to believe that there are lots of things that we don't know anything about.
Look, there was a time when people thought the Earth was a level plane between two mountains
that were set there to hold up the sky, and that the stars were lamps hung from that sky.
Then a better idea came along and people were willing to listen.
Be realistic, John.
We've worked together before.
In the meantime, you can do an article for us.
Yeah.
Here.
An intense young man.
Yeah, and an odd one, too.
More than odd, Bob.
Individual and lonely.
A man who thinks for himself.
Report on the arrival of strangers from outer space.
Hello to our friends in Hawaii.
In Honoururu.
Not Waipahu.
Out there with the president who's in Kailua.
That was pretty cool.
So Kailua lost power.
Most of the island lost power.
Little presidential elects in the dark.
That's when the aliens move in.
The island lost power?
It's a place, man.
We've got to take it over.
It's the last place where the power is.
Yeah, but they're not compatible with our system.
I know, but we must own all systems and crush them with a tractor beam.
But then how do we get everything to work?
You know, like the TV and the toilet and...
Luke Skywalker.
The toilets aren't working.
That's Aunt...
What is it?
Aunt Bee and Uncle...
What's his name?
Aunt Beru.
Their bodies, Aunt Beru, were not buried out there in the desert.
Remember, they just left there.
So they became fly piles for a while.
Luke.
Luke.
I am the father.
Oh, I'm coming, Aunt Beru.
Luke.
I am the father.
I am the father.
I am the father.
And at the end of the program, the most horrific thing happens.
Darth Vader tells Luke what happens in the future movies.
He whispers it in Luke Skywalker's ear and he goes,
Oh, no!
Hey, there.
Hey, there.
That's really funny.
You better be the bad guy.
Everyone just pees their pants and laughs so hard.
You're gonna be the bad guy.
You're gonna see Luke's world ruined by Darth.
Why do you think Kentucky Fried Chicken changed their name to KFC?
The signs were a lot cheaper to paint.
You know the real reason, actually, I heard?
Because they wanted to take the word fried out of their name back in the day.













You know, when, when, you know, because frying food is not good for you.
Right.
Actually, I heard that they wanted to take chicken out of their name so nobody could
sue them for not actually using chicken anymore.
Urban legend.
Really?
Well, I mean, just ask the PETA people.
They think those are real chickens.
Well, parts of it, anyways.
You know, if it's got a thigh bone.
They're fanning chicken trees now, don't they?
Where it's just a sort of a vegetable-like creature with no head that just chicken meat
that grows off of a, sort of a raw chicken.


They've gone beyond urban chicken.




They've gone beyond the root chicken and all these, these chicken breasts and legs
and wings and stuff.
Meat that grows on trees, actually, those trees are a very complex symbiotic, symbiotic
relationship, actually.
For example, you know, you have to have extra large amounts of nitrogen-fixing bacteria
in the soil there as well, you know, just to make sure that they can get enough protein
from the air.
Well, and they haven't been able to get rid of the skin yet, right?
I mean, they, they got, they don't have feathers, but the, the meaty fruit, as you might call
it, still has this sort of...

Skin.
It's a barky skin.
It's a barky skin that has to be removed.
See, all you gotta do is, is take a chicken genome or one of the chicken genomes and implant
it into the tree, into the primordial cell, the first cell, the original cell.
Well, that's what I'm talking about.
They've been doing that for two years now.
Mm-hmm.
That's, that's where the, that's where most of the chicken in the supermarket comes from,
chicken trees.
Mm-mm-mm.
And the Japanese...
Somebody else had the idea for cow trees.
Yeah.
But people just couldn't stomach that.
They wouldn't...
Well, you know, that's, that, that's the kind of tree that like, you know, they're saying
we should plant more trees to, to curb the greenhouse effect.
Right.
A cow tree would do the exact opposite.
Right.
They'd be breaking wind and then knocking themselves over simultaneously and it wouldn't
be good for the logging industry or any of us.
Hello, you were...
Okay, right.
You're on the air.
Yeah.
What are you guys talking about?
What's it sound like we're talking about?
We're talking about meat trees.
We're talking about genetic engineering, man.
Something that's very important to humanity right now.
You should be paying attention.
What do you mean by meat trees?
We're talking about trees that grow flesh on them.
Haven't you heard?
No, I...
Explain.
You never heard of a chicken tree or a beef tree?
Professor, you sound kind of quiet actually.
Well, they outlawed the beef trees.
Who's...
Now, what's, what's the status of the pork tree?
Are, are we still getting...
No, they won't make mammal, they won't make trees with mammal flesh because there's a
law in the U.S. that says...
I don't have any arguments against it, although I understand that in some foreign countries
they're, they're about to legalize it.
Legalize it?
Yeah, legalize beef and mutton trees.
Legalize it?
Apparently it's not that hard to do, but it's the, the, the, the, the presence of little
tiny mouths and eyes and beaks and things here and there along the branches of the tree
freaks people out.
So they don't, they don't advertise much that that's the way they do it.
They'll say farm raised chickens and...
I can't wait.
What does that mean?
I can't wait until long pig is available.
Well, it already is available for a limited time only at your favorite supermarket, but
it's not real, real long pig.
There were human genomes introduced into the pig so that it has a longish flavor, but it's
not real long pig yet.
So I guess...
Some of those swine...

Some of those swine have, are kind of cute.
Well, they have pretty legs.
Like, you know, they, cause they, they, I don't know how they did it, but they'll have
these, these, they look mostly like pigs, but they'll, their hind legs will look like
Betty Grable's gams.
And it's, it's kind of a shock, you know, it makes you uncomfortable to look at one
of those.
Like I went to the state fair in Texas where they had some of these new crossbreeds between
humans.
And farm animals.
And...
Well, in some parts of Texas, that just happens naturally.
Right.
Well, on the other...
That happens in parts of Ohio too.
There's a lot of people who look increasingly like pigs, but I'm talking about these genetically
engineered pigs and those are the only kind I've seen actually.
Ever.
The pigs that have been, have some human...
Cause apparently human and beef doesn't... that kind of thing.

Yeah.
The combination isn't that tasty, but pork and human are close enough together that...
If you get, if you get the, the human and beef combo, um, I've, I've, I know some, I
know some Chinese restaurants that can do it pretty well actually.
Kind of like the whole Four Seasons dish or whatever, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Chinese chefs have been fronting.
I've been here once in a while too, but yeah, they, sometimes they're long on the long pig
and sometimes they're a little bit short, but yeah, it's a taste treat for this time
of the year.
Yeah.
It makes my mouth water just thinking about it.
I haven't enjoyed this thing in a while, but I remember.
Mm-hmm.
Good.
Turduckmen.
I wonder why...
I will not eat any food that starts with the word turd.
Man turducken.
If they can, if they can, if they can take the turducken and just rearrange the parts
of that name, then I might be interested.
Like turdkey or something or?
Man pig turducken.
See?
With a big apple in its mouth.
I can't believe that they would release that on unwitting society.
Can you?
That we...
You know, if we thought about it, even in a satirical way, somebody in Brunei or Saudi
Arabia has tried it.
Some, or Japan, some rich dude with the money, if we think of it, somebody has already tried
it.
Well, we should start thinking of things that save our own skins then.
What about the one...
Well, no, because some other guy will just save his own skin first.
So you got to...
If you think about it, don't let yourself know you thought about it, because somebody
will steal the idea.
That's...
You got to keep it secret even from yourself until you're ready to put it right into production.
I was just thinking maybe Ulysses was the progenitor of the man pig race, because wasn't
it Circe who was like a pig and she was like really hot or something like that?
Did you...
Do you know anything about that, Dr. Sinister?
I know you know a bit of classical literature.
Oh, gosh.
The name sounds familiar, but I can't remember.
Are you talking about the Circe?
Circe?
Circe, the...
Circus?
The Circus Soleil.
No, I'm talking about a pig in mythological, in mythology, who, you know, the sirens used
to...
Were singing to him, but a pig did allure Ulysses to some sort of...

He would get lured and then they would turn him into pigs.
But he killed the swine.
He did kill the swine because he knew it wasn't really a hot babe.
I guess he came to his senses and killed it.
That was after he was done with it.
Yeah, after he had...
He was...
Yeah, it was like...
Well, how many of us have awakened in that sleazy motel room and looked over and went,
oh, my God, what was I thinking?
No, it hasn't happened to me, but how many of us has it happened to?
Raise your hands.
I don't know.
You're asking...
How many of you wish it would...
At least that much would happen to you?
If only that would happen to me.
If you could actually...
I don't care how much regret I have afterwards.
I just want it to happen once.
I would.
I thought you were calling us all in the office now.
This show smells...
What's the matter?
This show smells like yesterday's newspaper stuffed with...

...inside a mullet wrapped in today's newspaper and fresh frozen.
Check.
Surrounded with creamy white chocolate.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Check.
Very appetizing.
But there's no chocolate mist.
You can smell it all the way over there.
Ben's fighting words.
It does smell.
That's the important thing.
It smells for us.
Smells?
Smells all the way across the room.
Just put it in the fridge.
Smell that surround you.
I know, and all he's trying to do is find out why the overman was chosen to talk to
the exes.
That's all.
Why the hell?
That's all.
Oh, why?
Oh, why?
You know...
Exactly.
Oh, and there, the collar gave up on me.
The smell just came in the way.
He had the right facial angle in the way.
He's a doctor out here.
He's a doctor out here.
Anything you want, you will say, will be used against you.
There is one hardwired sense of xenophobia.
Whatever and wherever possible.
Only the facial features of the overman can disarm the aliens and cause their wrath to
turn to mildness.
That's what it is?
It's a smile?
Just looking at the overman will contain the aliens' eyes.
I'm sure he's a little higher, but nothing else will... anything regular humans do will
inflame their anger a thousandfold.
Why is that?
What is that?
Well, that must be one of the great unanswered questions on this bardo.
Bardo?
This wheel of...
How do we get out of this jungle?
This jungle of stickative lies.
This jungle of questions that I'm lost in now.
I'm trying to figure out what to do out here.
There may be an oasis about 50 clicks from here.
I don't know.
Maybe.
Oh, I guess it's not over there.
Yeah.
Quick, poke that stick in there and maybe...
Oh, quick poke him?
Quick, poke that stick in there.
Fight the giant pygmies of Peshawar.
The church does not appear to be a flight of fancy as once thought, but an actual hardcore
dogmatic...
Travel through the cannibal forest of T'Challa.
Back to the pamphlet-style church.
So, there's the temple.




These are the Dromundian minions here gathered on the plain of Ligarnar.
Discovered by the lost Dromundian civilization.
It's tough love, but it happens and it works.
Outpost of ancient Kansas.
I think that European contact is our friend in Berlin.
Where are we? We're in the jungle now?
In other words, the consumer confidence level is at an all-time low.
Really? Low.
This is news.
All right, all right, all right, all right, thanks.
I forgot the musical accent.
This is PR.
PR, PR, PR, PR, PR, PR, PR, PR, PR News.
From PR News in Washington, I'm moving again.
It happened in the town of Chasada in northwest Pakistan.
He said no one could have survived.
On Wall Street, 310-1055-664-999-1121.
Earlier today.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said this is PR News.
Citing the financial turmoil weighing on Wall Street,
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said that they have found the wreckage of PR News.
PR News wrecked there by Limer.
And now some more serious discussion,
this time on Dr. Sinister's radio synesthesia from WCSB Cleveland,
about monsters, specifically the monsters known as SUVs.
I don't like SUVs.
I would like to see less of them on the road.
Fatmobiles.
But that's an American right to block the next guy's vision.
It really annoys me.
What are you going to outlaw? Big cars?
This is a big country for big, beefy men.
America's fighting men need beef.
Plenty of it.
How many of these trees?
Remember, every tree.
You cut down could be a potential beef tree for an American soldier over there.
So you guys have the middle of the forest, a green forest.
That's not a forest.
Oh my God, it's a monster.
Those are fake trees just designed out of paper bags and plastic bags.
Have this footage.
Sent in by one viewer of KGTV.
Just to give the citizenry a sense of what things were like back when plants existed.
Remember, trees.
We do.
Yes, people do.
You may not know what they were or what their purpose was, but we still remember kind of what they looked like.
So we've built these models here and you can be the nearest to a proxy tree.
Out near Hunsdorf.
We don't even know why.
Hunsdorf?
Yeah.
On Highway 253.
Ach, du lieber und stoller.
Out in the mountains.
Boy, that's nice.
Up in the mountains, it's lonely.
Those are real mountains.
That looks real nice.
Those are mountains.
You're a good hillbilly, but you've been lost.
That's what the concrete looks like over there.
Really?
It's a concrete-ist poem.
They're all green already.

They just put green paint in their concrete.
I'm going to go down to Spain and see who this is listening to us in España.
It could be a robot.
It's only Spain.
It could be a robot.
It is a robot, actually.
Global warming has killed all of the plant life in Europe already.
This is actually just the downloads.
Wait, what robot?
The radio listeners.
Can you run that back?
There's no robot here.
It's a nice robot, Hal.
What?
I went to school with that robot.
But that, it's a renegade robot.
That's a rogue robot, man.
Rogue robot.
Do you think it'll hurt us?
I hope so.
Well, it's not yesterday's model.
Insert digital gold effect.
The sacrifice will take place tomorrow.
Tomorrow night.
Behold.
When the planet Saturn comes into conjunction with Mars
and under the evil influence of Uranus,
then will occur unimaginable disasters.
The oceans will rise.
The mountains crumble.
And inexorably, our moon will draw near the Earth.
Through this cataclysm, only our form of life can survive.
After the long night of sleep,
we shall become the masters of the Earth.
But how shall I live then?
You will have the reward you have earned, Samara.
Your beauty will never fade.
And your power will be equal to ours.
You will possess all the riches of the world.
But remember that there is still one task you must carry out.
Kill Hercules.
Have no fear.
Hercules is already in my hands.
He will die.
Don't tell me you're watching that movie again.
I haven't a life without him.
I think it says a lot about my own society and the creative dreams of men.
Yeah, whatever.
If you just turn it down, this is like the 15th time you've watched it in the past three days.
It says a lot about my own society.
It says a lot about my own society.
It says a lot about my own society.

It says a lot about my own society.
It says a lot about my own society.
It says a lot about my own society.
Ah, damn it.
There he is.
He's the one.
He's the one.
He's the one.
He's the one.
He's the one.
He's the one.

He's the one.
Has this ever happened to you?
Has your dog's head broken because of some kind of freak accident?
Well, now there's an answer, friends.
Call 1-9-MILLION-13013.
That's right.
1-9-MILLION-BOB.
And we will fix your dog.
Don's head for free at a reasonable price.
That's right, for free at a reasonable price.
Call now.
I hear someone is looking for a Bob Repairman.
Yay!
Shop as usual and avoid panic buying.
I used to go into this place that would take a popover.
Well, I'd take popover too, especially when he couldn't drive.
It would shoot.
Put that away.
Then they would take this big syringe and inject it with custard.
That's the furry with the syringe on top.
Then they'd dip it in chocolate.
I never want to see that injection part.
I don't want my donut violated.
I don't want to know about it.
Well, it has a hole, right?
So you have to face up to it.
I know, I know.
That reminds me of a movie I saw called Van Wilder.
Where they replaced the cream in the eclair.
Remember that part?
I like that.
This is going to be good.
Yeah, this is great.
Look at him replacing that cream.
Milo's acting out the part in the movie that he likes, playing all the parts.
Where do you have time to watch all these bad movies?
Wow, that's amazing.
That's all I do is watch bad movies.
It's like watching 15 tropical thunders at once.
Watch them on your commute.
And this is where I play the blonde muscle man, Hinchman.
I'll have a tropical thunder.
No umbrella, no cherry.
Just a drink, please.
Yes.
I'm going to put some cream on top.
Hold on.
Hold on a minute.
Everybody seems to be wanting to add cream to these drinks.
This isn't milk from contented cows.
These cows were victims of the capitalist conspiracy.
Cow punchers.
Yes, these udders were only a punching bag to the ruthless.
First you will need a hammer as small as possible to tap in the pits.
Take the base piece of wood, the larger of the two oblong pieces, and lay on a flat surface.
Flat?
Where am I going to find the flat surface?
With one of the side pieces, you'll need to tack the panel pins in.
Wait, wait, wait.
If you have access to a little wood glue, water-based PVA, polyvinyl adhesive,
and a little bit of glue, you can use the wood glue to make a good wood glue.
This is the best.
There, there.
Oh, I know this.
Milo just took off running across the desert, and there was this UFO guy chasing after him.
What on the world?
The edge is the joy before you tap the pin, Jim.
He was shooting his ray gun at him, but he couldn't get a good bead on him.
Stop and be friendly, Earthling.
Yeah, sure, and he's shooting ray gun.
Ray gun died of natural cause.
Burned little holes in there, so the cleanup crew had to come along and clean up the burn-up holes,
because they couldn't leave that evidence behind.
Why, anything might have made those holes.
A meteor storm?
Anything.
A gas cloud on Jupiter?
Well, that's a little bit far-fetched, I will have to admit.
Swamp gas could explode up and create these holes.
Remember Nibibia?
Nibibia, yeah, Nibibia.
Tippecanoe and Tyler, too.
Remember the Alamo.
54-40 or fight.
Hail Fredonia.

Going to tell you a story about a man
that is out in the woods.
He's sick.
He doesn't want to be part of the rat race no more.
He doesn't want to be part of the business race no more.
He doesn't want to be part of the human race no more.
This is the story of the Lakeview Man.
This is the story of the Lakeview Man.
This is the story of the Lakeview Man.
How's it for me to listen if you can?
You might hear the Lakeview Man.
I took the shortcut to the river last night.
A beard and a blur in my long-beam lies.
I drank a bunch of beer, skipped a bunch of stones,
and I drove a little faster.
On the way back home.
A dog disappears, a cow is found dead.
A chicken is missing, a mountain missing its head.
A shotgun gone, a print in the sand.
Two-toed shy, the Lakeview Man.
The Lakeview Man is a wild man.
Lives in the woods outside of town.
How's it for me to listen if you can?
You might hear the Lakeview Man.
The Lakeview Man
Is a wild man.
Lives in the woods outside the town.
How's it for me to listen if you can?
You might hear the Lakeview Man.
You might hear the Lakeview Man.
You might hear the Lakeview Man.
You might need a leg to land
On the ground
Bob Walkenhorst did that live.
You can see bobwalkenhorst.com.
Before that, some puzzling evidence shown.
Before that, a collage by Reverend Sweetness McGee.
And the background music that just is ending here or doing something
is by Reverend Wilhelm Stahlhelm.
And in fact, it's the song Beautiful World.
And now, the nature of the conspiracy
is sexily addressed and undressed by Dr. Howell.
Reality had changed for women as for men.
Again, old values no longer reflected reality.
Even if the ruling elite in most countries
was determined to cling on to the martial, chivalrous ideal of manhood
as the survival of a pre-industrial age,
masculinity, defined as muscle power,
had become all but worthless.
In a world dominated by machines and specialized technocrats,
wrong was losing out to brain.
And the latter was not, despite the protestations
of anti-feminist scientists,
the sole dominion of men.
Confusing the visible agents with the invisible causes of change,
both anti-Semites and anti-feminists directed their hatred
against the group they perceived as corrupt and sexually abnormal.
Both Jews and women came to symbolize the male fear of being unmanned
through being turned into the soulless self of the man.
And that's all she's willing to give.
And that's all she's willing to give.
And that's all she's willing to give.
And that's all she's willing to give.
And that's all she's willing to give.
I don't know. What does it sound like there?
I need more empathy out of you, caller.
He doesn't care anymore.
Turn that caller to the cold and death.
He turned himself over to the cold and death.
Now he's sinking in the swamp.
This is a stream of consciousness.
Where it goes on forever were it not for the stopping
and starting points imposed upon us
by this arbitrary and tyrannical radio station.
Then and only then.
We love it, don't we?
We will finally.
Yes, thank you for that.
Thank you.
After all is said and done,
the answer to this question is...
the mystery. We will finally know that answer. We will know whether Napoleon's penis is really
in New Jersey. If you have a pipe, Bob will give you one. But if you do not have a pipe,
he will take it away. That is all the formal statements I have. We have 15 minutes for like
Q&A. Yes. Oh, by the way, I'm kind of deaf. So you have to really speak up. How can we live in
consciousness if we're eating off of single-use plastic plates and drinking out of single-use
plastic bottles? How can we live in consciousness if we're drinking out of single-use plastic and
all the stuff that completely destroys the environment? Oh man, what was my snacky comeback
for that? Besides, well, that doesn't have much to do with living in consciousness.
We're eventually going to fill up the planet with crap to the point where there's no other animals
left except humans. Then we will destroy our environment to the point where we devolve back
to an animal-like state. And there's very few of us left. But from that point, the human-like
little horrible devolved critters can then evolve back up into different things. There'll be little
naked human-like things that live underground. There'll be little naked human-like things that
fill the niche that moles have. There'll be humans that learn how to fly like flying squirrels and
build little nests in the trees. Every creature will be descended from humans and they'll live on
a horrible, disgusting planet made of plastic bottles like this. Now, there is a sub-genius.
Now I remember what the snappy comeback is. And it's actually looking towards the future.
The sub-genius is back.
I just believe in strength through disfigurement. That is, build up your immunities. Don't fret about
whether this food is going to have too much sodium or might give you cholesterol or something.
Go for it, man. Eat that burger. Just indulge in that. Don't resist temptation. Give in to them
and build up your immunities. You know, strength through disfigurement. That gives
people excuses for all kinds of terrible activities. You know, this is a religion.
This isn't a science and it doesn't have to make sense. It only has to sound good. It's
a pep talk. It's just to make you feel good for a little while. It doesn't have to be
based on anything real. In fact, if it does make sense, it ain't a good religion. You
don't use your mind to think about your religion, Bob said. You use your foot, your soul, your
foot.
It's right here. That's where you think. It's what you use to think about your religion.
You walk on it. You don't sit there waiting. You get out there and walk on it. Friends,
I got a thin soul.
Maybe he's right. Maybe there is something the matter with me. Just don't see how a world
full of such wonderful...
Oh, God, there I go again.
Now I'm ripping off Disney's Little Mermaid. Next thing I know, Michael Eisner will be suing
me. Since when did art become so illegal? Who am I kidding? I'm a wash up. All I've
ever done is rid on the coattails of other people's ideas and trying to cover up that
fact by accusing others of stealing mine. The problem is there are no new ideas anymore.
Just new rip-off versions of old ideas. Even the idea of this movie is a new idea. I'm
a pessimistic internal monologue I stole from Woody Allen's cinematic asides in that last
Ronald Redball Halloween show. Damn it.
Well, I suppose it could be worse. It could be rainy. Great. I even stole that joke from
Young Frankenstein. I'm through as an artist. I should just end it all. That'd teach me.
I should just go and buy a shotgun and blow my useless head off. Christ, even that's been
done before. Kurt Cobain stole that idea from Ernest Hemingway. Jeez, I've been walking
a while now. This isn't such a good part of town. Where the hell is that art station?
Where the hell am I? Somehow I don't think it's a good idea to be walking in this part
of Oakland after midnight.
Taxi! Taxi! You know, it'd just be my luck if some hopped up, crack-crazed gangbangers
came around that corner and caught me in the crossfire of some drive-by vendetta shooting.
That would be so typical.
Get out of there! That's gunfire!
I'm sorry, ladies and gentlemen. It's my sad duty to inform you that Phineas Narco has
left the building and, well, apparently, he's been killed. I'm afraid this Megastar celebration
telephone will just have to be cancelled. So, we now join our previously scheduled program,
already in progress, Telecrime.
You, on the other hand, might be a loner. A lot of subgeniuses are. You don't want some
messiah breathing down your neck, waiting for you to check in and kiss his ass. And
that's the wonderful thing about Bob. If you want to be alone, you can be alone with Bob!
Yeah!
Yeah!


Yeah!

You're still alone! That's the miracle thing about Bob. He doesn't care about your sins.
He comes not to forgive, but to rationalize your sins. He brings not forgiveness, but an
excuse. And what did you really need? If you want your sins forgiven, friends, do it yourself.
If you're a subgenius, you're probably already pretty good at that. Jesus may have died for
your sins, but Bob Dobbs made a damn fool of himself.

And of you! For your sins. Praise his sweet name.
Praise Bob!
What did you say I was going to talk about here? I did compose the title, The Bob and B. Obama.
Conspiracy and coincidence. But I didn't write the rest. I bet Ian Corrigan did. Can the president have slack?
That would depend on the president, I guess. How does sheer dumb luck allow the vilest members of the species to pretend to rule the world?
Well, you know what? It's not sheer dumb luck. It's called democracy.
There's a serious problem with democracy. Sometimes I don't have any answers for that.
Friends, if Bob Dobbs is who he says he is, he's already world overlord.
And we sell little buttons over there that say, don't blame me, I voted for Bob.
They'll come in handy no matter what.
We also had a bumper sticker. Bob's sayings did not always come true, but one of them that did was, quote,
it's gonna be a bummer, man.
And you can't argue with that one. That one did.
The other thing Bob said is the one law in our church.
The one law in our church. The one law in our church.
The one slogan that we live on, that you really can live by.
The one thing that legitimizes the whole church of the subgenius is our one law.
And I think some of you know what it is. It is, fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Pardon my English there. French, whatever. German, I think, is the original, where that word came from.
But really, you can live by that philosophy.
Try it. And see, you know, with the most frustrating moments of your life, try to remember that one line.
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Now, whenever I'm cutting these speeches for radio, I have to bleep every time I say that word.
And then I suddenly lose perspective.
And it's hard for me to say, fuck me if I can't take a joke.
But I'm going to have to go bleep that one again.
I might as well fill in the bleeps.
Bleep bleep bleep bleep bleep.
Okay, edit point there. Cut.
You think I'm kidding.
The only reason any subgenius is still alive is because all peeps and humans are such cringing, craving, gutless wonders.
But forgive them first, and then kill them.
Then he torched the place with a homemade flamethrower he'd brought along for the purpose.
Unfortunately for Pardo, your homemade flamethrower needs very careful handling.
He burned himself badly.
Then he drove off in great pain and shot himself.
No, just kidding. Just kidding. I really did have a New Year's resolution.
This year I'm resolving to save not just the planet, but the entire society.
Mr. Drummond, he was really a family man.
And he knew the laws of this great land.
And I say, why stop at the planet?
You know, if the planet's messed up, oh.
You tell him, Philo.
The solar system's got to be worse, Shape.
Hey, um.
Well, they lost planets last year.
Are you in line, Herod?
We found them again, but, you know, I mean, you gotta wonder about a, you know, a scientific community that loses a planet every year.
It's the scientific principle of the thing.
That the principle of the thing.
Yeah, you're gonna wear out that screwdriver.
Hey, stop that. Stop feeding on that.
It may seem only fundamental.
But the basic fundamentals show the scientific principle of the thing.
Bum, bum.
Thank you, Puzzling Evidence and the Moon Man who met Hercules.
Friends, you can help us save the universe.
By looking at subgenius.com.
Yes, subgenius.com.
But, you know, one has to wonder.
Could it be that the Church of the Subgenius itself is like what that kid at the Starwood revival was asking about?
What he was worried about?
Is the Church just another bunch of trash that's gonna help fill up the world?
Pollution.
Outdated from the 80s.
Broken down.
Toothless.
Feeble.
I'm sure Dr. Howell and Philo would agree.
Of course not. It's useful. Recyclable.
That's urban treasure.
Reclaimable.
It might not even have anything wrong with it.
Some overly rich trust fund yuppie just got tired of it and threw it out.
Could it also just not be a thing in it all?
And just, it is a thing like an amorphous sort of...
Indefined, non-qualifiable thing.
There ya go.
Could it be that?
What if you did find some of that thing stuff?
What would you do with it, Dr. Howell?
Success and sex and real estate.
You'd put it in your success course?
I bet he'd take it to Ex Day because he's gotta be there.
Your undifferentiated, amorphic appendage.
The overman will be there too.
Who will be there?
Hey, I was thinking.
Next year, do you guys want to ride out on the train together?
Maybe next year.
When you're riding on the train.
And take a, like a cross country, uh, we could film it and make a big deal out of it.
You know, like some geniuses go across country to go to Ex Day and go on the train.
That's right. 2010. Ex Day.
Yeah.
Wanna do that, Howell?
For 2010?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He said next year.
Will Amtrak be there in 2010 for you?
It's been up to now.
No, no, no.
Will Amtrak be there for you?
Yeah.
We're getting down to just getting there will be the tough part.
Will anything be there for me?
Or you.
Exactly.
Or us.
Will anything at all be floating around?
It could be that the asteroid is here before that.
I'm ready.
Have you got your affairs in order?
You're ready whether you know it or not.
Oh yeah.
And in fact, everyone is ready whether they're ready or not.
Yeah, it's true.
For ye never know when the master cometh.
What?
Because he waiteth for no man.
And he is not even a he.
It's not even a it.
Not even a whole.
It's just a thing.
It's just a thing.
It's not even a thing.
An unthinkable thing.
It's a thing you find on the street in San Francisco in the garbage.
It's a senile space god from outer space.
Any other description is just an arbitrary assumption by a human mind and intellect that's
too weak to absorb the consequences of such a thing.
Balderdash and Falderal.
Well, you may say so and yet you don't even know what Balderdash actually is.
It's made of.
Mmm, made of delicious succotash and Henry Chung's orient spices.
Yeah, I had some of that.
I had loads of that on my plate.
With a little bit of turmeric too.
Mmm.
It really adds to the spicy, smoky flavor.
Ah.
So let's have another barbecue.
What a huge, fixed steak that costs $16 down on the grill and it looks quiet out there.
Maybe it looks too quiet.
It's a little too quiet, yeah.
Right.
It's a little too quiet.















Yeah, right, exactly.
Oh wait, you ran out of paint you say?
Oh no.
Well, it's too quiet but um.
But not for me.
For you.
But there's something to be said for silence.
For you.
Praise Ba.
But not for me.
For you.
But not for me.
For you.
Praise Ba.



