We're back.
Genius Hour of Swatch.
We'll have to wait and see if this plays out.
Now, despite that evaluation...
Workers have to be smarter, which is what corporate leaders tell us.
But the workers also have to be dumber.
That is, jobs are being smartened up and dumbed down.
For every new job for a computer programmer
in the United States,
in New York, for example, there are about 14 jobs for cashiers.
The cash register in most of the fast food organizations
takes about nine minutes to learn, and they want to cut it down to seven.
And the less math you know, the better.
There are no numbers on the keys.
If you're smart enough to spot a French fry on site,
you're smart enough to work at McDonald's.
So at the time the schools are trying to increase their standards,
there's an incredible array of jobs and services
that require almost no education at all.
Ah, yeah.
Yes, dear Frenzy.
Hehehe.
Ah.
Wherein the days of me forever makes me mine.
Now, ere the compline hour of being alone at hands itself,
and a puff or so before we yield our spiritus to the wind.
And there goes that wind.
And we brought in a big bucket of show tonight.
You see him here being lifted up to the door of the...
station.
And it's once again, dear friends,
the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
Ah, yes, and this is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Uh, Will O'Dobbs is here, uh, co-engineering and, uh, ready at...
Oh, if this, uh, storm doesn't put out the electricity
to take your calls here at the station in Dallas
only between nine and ten o'clock on Sunday nights,
Central Standard Time at 8-2-3-7-4-9-0.
Uh, yes, it's a big bag of show tonight, dear friends,
because, uh, well, we're...
As we approach the...
the new year,
uh, we'll do the...
Since everybody else is doing their decade roundup,
we'll be looking at the new decade,
the last decade,
the X decade,
during the next couple of shows.
Uh...
Eventually,
you'll learn Dobbs' predictions
for the coming New World Order
and the terrible tribulations coming up in between.
Uh, but we'll begin looking ahead by looking back.
Also, you'll be hearing some clips
from some live subgenius revivals
of wonderful new Papa Joe Mama sermon
that will touch your heart
and other marital aids,
uh,
audio marital aids you can stick in your ear.
What do you want?
You want information.
You won't get it.
Uh, by hook or by crook,
we will.
We will.
We will hurt you.
Because, uh, the truth hurts, dear friends.
Looking back over the...
the lovely, uh, 80s,
the ugly 80s, I suppose you could say,
you know, in 1980,
there was no AIDS
and no crack.
Uh, I don't know.
Rock Hudson was a he-man.
There were very few homeless.
There were few, if any, video recorders,
home computers, answering machines,
fax machines,
uh, compact discs,
self-published fanzines,
independent cassette bands,
or microwave ovens, for that matter.
The Russians lost a nuclear reactor.
We lost a space shuttle.
And, uh,
Bhopal, India lost 3,000 residents.
Africa lost a few hundred million residents.
The whole planet lost a lot of ozone layer and rainforests.
And there was a kid that got a baboon heart and died.
And L. Ron Hubbard died.
And J. Allen Hynek died.
And Marshall McLuhan died.
And Huey Newton died.
And Colonel Sanders died.
And the Shah of Iran and the Ayatollah both died.
And Dian Fossey and Emerson died.
And Emperor Hirohito died.
Sugar Ray Robinson died.
And, and, Charles Adams died.
God, God infinity, all the same.
Desi Arnaz died.
Hugh Beaumont.
Mel Blanc.
John Carradine.
Salvador Dali.
Buckminster Fuller.
Lightning Hopkins.
And the rest of us.
Graham Chapman.
Moe Howard.
Jay Ward.
.
Cary Grant.
Robert Heinlein.
Sergio Leone.
John Lennon.
Bob Marley.
Juan Miro.
Vic Morrow.
Roy Orbison.
Sam Peckinpah.
Slim Pickens.
Anne Rand.
Peter Sellers.
Kate Smith.
Francois Truffaut.
Peter Tosh.
Andy Warhol.
Muddy Waters.
Jack Webb.
Johnny Weissmuller.
Orson Welles.
Wally.














Wally Wood. Greg Irons.
Vaughn Bodie.
Dave Sheridan.
Mae West.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
A few thousand species.
And a lot of oxygen.
Bummer.
On the other hand, friends, there were gains.
The populations of several Central and South American tar paper shanty towns rose to 30 million each.
The average population of the Alaskan beaches gained 11 million gallons of oil.
So, see, not everybody was a loser.
Ah, yes.
Well, yes, it's going to be a, you know, looking back, I guess it wasn't so bad.
I mean, a pope got shot.
A whole bunch of presidents got shot.
The United States kicked booty on Granada and Libya.
Whoop-de-doo.
Whoop-de-doo.
Whoop-de-doo.
Whoop-de-doo.
Whoop-de-doo.
Whoop-de-doo.
Some show.
Go for it.
Church of the Subgenius is more than unmotivatable therapy.
un-motivational therapy that is.
Un-motivational?
It is! No, that's true.
It is more than un-motivational therapy
because that just opens up the limits completely.
I mean, it could be anything.
It could be that armadillo dead on the side of the road
that you had to watch.
It could be the discarded syringes
washing up on those New Jersey beaches.
It could be the free syringes handed out to AIDS sufferers
to prevent them from spreading it further.
It could be the poor, pathetic bastards sitting in this room.
What's all the hate?
It could be that body!
Don't you need to vomit your hate out into the little show deck?
You can't.
I mean, this thing's been running for 45 minutes.
And I ain't heard...
The only kind of hate I've heard was
the church against its own members.
And that's sad.
God, that's a sad, pathetic thing.
How much money have we seen?
Man, I hate the ulcers on the back of a tropical forest!
I hate it!
I hate everything that grows at the bottom of the sea that you can't see
just because we don't have the technology!
I hate those lesions that grow on the back of my ears
when I don't wash enough!
I hate it!
I hate it when blood comes out of my eyes!
I hate it when I tear my own hair out!
I hate it when I wake up in the morning and I crawl out of bed!
And I leave my bed!
I hate it when somebody comes up with a razor blade
as I'm walking into work at 8 o'clock in the morning,
and they cut my britches, and they fall on the ground,
and I'm standing there, and I forgot to put on my underwear!
I hate it!
What about the poultry?
I hate it when Bob comes to my house
with a garbage sack full of poultry claiming to be my in-law!
I'm not married! I'm not married!
I hate it when Bob takes one of those...
one of those big industrial ball bearings
and makes it into a pot roast!
I hate it when I see the summer constellations
rise in the middle of winter!
Praise Bob!
Look! One man's already on the floor spazzing me!
That's my dog!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Oh, God almighty, I'm speaking in tongues!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Big mouth, dirty tongues!
Big hands, dirty tongues!
Man, I know what you mean about having that...
when you don't wash behind your ears!
Woo!
Look!
Here it moves!
Whoa!
Sex and violence!
Sex and violence!
Sex and violence!
Sex and violence!
Sex and violence!
Sex and violence!
Sex and violence!

Sex!
Sex!
Sex!
Sex!
Sex!
Sex violence!
Sex!
Sex!
Sex!
Now Sex and Magazine,
TV,
Sex and Songs on the radio,
the human body is a helpless receptor
before the vast electronic hum and buzz of our world.
Commercials are aimed either at the stomach
or at the genitals, or sometimes at both,
as when the act of drinking a soft drink
causes buttocks and breasts to rise before the drinker.
For it is to you,
firstborn and first fruit of woe,
to me, branded sheep,
pick of the waste or paper bascal,
are the tremors of thundery and utterance dog-star.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
The sermon tonight is entitled
The Pain of Bob.
I want to begin tonight by asking a personal question,
if you don't mind.
How many of you have ever been tortured?
I mean, really tortured.
Raise your hand if you've ever really been tortured.
Ha! It was a trick question.
If you've ever really been tortured,
you wouldn't be able to raise your hand.
You wouldn't have any arms.
You see, real torture changes you for life,
however short that may be.
Real torture is not something you can experience and forget
or go back to the way you were before.
No one knows us more than our savior, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Bet you didn't know that, did you?
J.R. Bob Dobbs was regularly tortured,
and you probably thought his assassination
was the height of his pain.
Ha! Compared to torture,
Bob's assassination was an orgasm of pleasure,
total euphoria,
complete bliss,
the tickling sensation one feels
as a bullet ricochets through the body,
the sweet numbness of shock
slowing the world down around you,
the warm, lazy feeling of swimming in your own blood.
You see, Bob's sacrifice wasn't that he died for us.
Dying was fun, at least in comparison,
in comparison to his real sacrifice,
the sacrifice of life.
That's why we worship Bob,
because he lived for us,
and it was torture of everyday life
that Bob suffered for you and me.
And yet, even in the midst of that pain,
Bob was not bitter.
The conspiracy strapped him down,
the conspiracy rammed bamboo shoots up his fingernails,
jammed razor blades in between his toes,
threw salt in his paper wounds,
and yet Bob never requested divine intervention.
Instead, he rolled his eyes heavenward
and whispered with failing breath,
forgive them, Father,
because I'm going to get even!
And, friends, payback time is just around the corner,
and that's good news for all the subgenies
who want to help Bob avenge the pain.
We've talked about X Day,
we've talked about the trials,
we've even discussed the fate of the few fortunate enough
to escape the final judgment.
But have you ever stopped to consider
the sheer magnitude of the bureaucracy and red tape
that must exist for the X's
to carry out the judgment on those found guilty?
We're talking about news!
We're talking about news!
He has billions of conspiracy dupes,
accomplices, peak boys, and self-proclaimed Normals,
and that's just the followers, mind you.
Let's not forget the leaders.
They're the ones who deserve special attention,
but will they get it?
After all, efficient as they are,
can these X's really process some four billion earthlings
and yet guarantee extra time and attention to detail
that those extra guilty deserve?
Probably not.
And that's where you and I come in, friends!
because Bob needs us to help fulfill his holy covenant,
his sacred promise to do unto those as they did unto him.
Now, when Bob promised to get even with those who tortured him,
he didn't just mean those handful of torture masters
who were directly responsible for his torture only.
Why, Bob cares for all the oppressed,
not just the subgenies either,
but anyone tortured for any reason,
be it because of your religion or what you think
or that you think at all.
No, it doesn't matter.
And don't let size fool you either.
Bob cares as much about the little guy as he does the big one.
It's just as important to Bob to get the child abuser
as it is to get Edie Amin.
And just how does Bob propose to punish this scum of the earth?
Glad you asked.
Now, I don't know about you, but me, I'm a smoker.
Yeah, I know I shouldn't do it.
It's bad for my health, makes me smell,
keeps me short of breath, et cetera, et cetera,
and I keep meaning to quit.
But it does have...
It does have one redeeming quality.
It gives me a little trademark, a greeting card,
a, uh, I mean business card, if you will,
something for me to give my clients
so they remember me and all the excitement.
I like to take that cigarette,
suck in a nice, long, hard, deep puff,
get it nice and hot,
and bury it in the subject's navel.
Oh, it'll hurt him.
Don't you think it won't?
That belly button is where life's begun,
and there's a lot more than just sentimentality attached to it.
Trust me.
Now, after I've gotten your attention,
I don't like to waste time
with, you know, small talk.
Time is money, right?
That's one concept that conspiracy appreciates
even when they're under the blade.
So I get right down to business.
I get me a bucket, and I get me some water.
Fill the bucket with the water
and stick their head in it.
I hold them down.
I keep them down.
A little longer.
A little longer still.
Oh, they squirm.
They start to kick.
Watch out for those feet now.
They can buck you if you get in the way.
Make sure they're secured.
Up come the bubbles.
Keep them under a little longer.
And finally, lift them up by the scruff of the neck.
Now you can see them.



Now you got a subject you can work with.
He's cold, he's wet, and he's scared.
Now, he'll probably be the last one to admit it,
but he's ready now for the pain of Bob.
Now, a lot of folks come up and stop me on the street
and say, Father Germano,
what do you recommend for the ultimate pain?
Hot poker?
Boiling water?
Dry ice?
Well, I tell them that stuff is fine and dandy,
but let's face it.
We're not living in the dark ages anymore.
We've got electricity.
The power of power.
Now, don't start.
Don't start talking about energy crisis either.
Cost is not a factor here.
The best is not too good for these guys,
which brings me to an important point.
Always keep a licensed physician on hand
when you're using friendly Mr. Kilowatt.
That's for three reasons.
First and foremost, your own protection.
That's right.
Electricity is dangerous.
Accidents can happen.
People can get hurt.
And when they do, no delays.
Your doctor's right there.
Secondly, preservation of your subject.
You don't want him to die.
If you wanted him dead, you'd just take him out
and shoot him.

But what would that make us?
Executioners?
Are we executioners?
No, we're debt collectors.
We're just balancing the books.
And believe you me, we're not doing anything to these folks
that they haven't done to someone else.
These are professionals you're working with.
They've seen it all.
They've done it all.
And if you want their respect, you've got to act like a professional.
You've got to be efficient.
Which brings us to reason three for having a doctor.
He'll show you just when to back off,
how to keep your subject alive,
and more importantly,
how to keep him conscious.
Don't be afraid to use them for this.
That's their job.
That's what they're paid for.
That's what they went to seven years of medical school for.
But now you're all set.
You've got everything you need.
You've got your doctor, you've got your patient,
and you've got your electricity.
Now, I'm not going to insult your intelligence
telling you how to use electricity.
Anyone can hook up a lamp cord to an outlet and let it rip.
And I'm sure you already know that the tender parts are best.
The underarms, the bottoms of the feet, the genitalia.
Why state the obvious, right?
If you need any guidance, just follow your heart.
And remember what Bob said,
when it comes to torture,
it is more blessed to give than it is to receive.
Herein is the word of Bob.
Praise Bob.
Amen.
Oh, praise Bob and amen to you, Father Joe Mama.
A marvelous, wonderful, inspirational moment.
You know, I consider Father Joe Mama to be the,
right now, to be the top king of society.
I'm sure he has not been the top king of society.



a subgenius preacher.
I really do.
I've been most impressed with that young man.
He's a young graduate of the Dobstown School for Preachers,
dear friends.
And what you've been hearing here,
let's see, my little list, background music.
a lot of it's been the Swingin' Love Corpses.
Also, a lot of the new collage bits that you'll be hearing more of,
and you've heard some of, like the Sex and Violence Collage,
that was a mystery tape from radio station WHRW in Birmingham, New York.
There was no name attached to the tape, a long, elaborate log,
which was very helpful, and no human name, or even church name.
So, you got me.
But I believe now is about time to get back to...
What?
Of course.
The predictions.
Dear friends, or no, we're not going to do the predictions.
As I said, we have to work.
We have to work our way up to them.
These are predictions in the background.
And I don't like those predictions in the background.
They're confusing me.
There we go.
Actually, we're going to continue with the 1980s decade roundup.
And that was an impressive list of dead subgeniuses, now wasn't it?
But, as we said, there were a few good things.
There were a few bad things that happened.
We lost all those people, but the federal deficit grew.
In 1980, it was only $40 billion.
Can you believe it?
It's like three times that now.
And look, I could see it over there in the corner growing bigger and bigger.
Now there was a big economic boom, we must be fair, where at least the rich got richer.
But then, somewhere in the late 80s, everything went wrong.
Everything sort of came crashing down on everybody's heads.
When Reagan left office, all but the very richest ended up poor again.
And we all are getting the bill for the last 20 years of free love, drugs, pollution, waste,
and big business deals.
And of course, we're going to have to pay that up, dear friends, in safe sex.
Burned out brains, wrecked immune systems, and stock market crashes.
Layoffs.
Although probably we'll weasel out of most of that and our kids will end up paying it
see.
But we'll be dead so they won't be able to get revenge on us.
And there were other things on the bright side too, besides that.
But like little Jessica McClure and those three whales got saved.
And Princess Charles married Lady Di.
And there wasn't a world war with thermonuclear weapons that destroyed the world.
And the Church of the Subgenius went public.
We must not forget that now.
In 1980, went public.
And most importantly of all probably, the King of Norway came to the Texas State Fair
and praised Bob.
He was saved by doctors for Bob.
And there were tremendous cultural, artistic, and scientific advances.
Moonwalking was invented.
The break dance craze, the skateboard craze came along.
The bankruptcy craze.
The invention of Prince and Michael Jackson.
It happened in the 80s.
Shirley MacLaine and Nancy Reagan helped invent the new age at its very best.
Halley's Comet failed to expose the anti-Christ.
Crystals were discovered to be useful for healing for thousands of pinks.
Rap was invented.
Now where would we be without rap?
MTV.
Video games.
Rubik's Cube.
The Garbage Pail Kids.
That was one of my favorites.
Yuppies were invented.
Yuppies.







Boy George.
The TV show Dallas.
Mondale.
Rambo.
Saturday Night Live.
Quail.
Vanessa's Williams and White.
We Begin the Bombing in Five Minutes.
Devo.
Light Beer.
Tofutti.
Diet Plans.
Spuds McKenzie.
Morton Downey.
Jimmy Swaggart.
Jim Baker.
Oral Roberts.
Bhagwan Rajneesh.
Louis Farrakhan.
David Duke.
Jerry Falwell.
Earrings on Men.
Gold Chains.
More Pills.
False Slack.
A strange and terrible saga, dear friends.
Here's a fast overview of the 80s.
The fastest overview you'll ever get.
When you're listening to this, the patterns will become evident, finally, and make the
connections.
And at the end, dear friends, it'll all make sense.
Believe it or not, suddenly the curtains will fall and the blinders will be stripped from
your eyes.
And you'll realize that we didn't have to Dobbs up this little thing.


It's not the history of the 80s very much, because it already sounded like a satire from
hell.
So in 1980, Subgenius pamphlet number one was printed.
Castro started sending us 100,000 of his undesirables.
Rhodesia turned into Zimbabwe.
The rescue mission to save the Iran hostages fails, even though Ali North is helping them.
Success might have meant re-election for Carter.
The Persian War started.
Solidarity started in Poland.
Duarte becomes president of El Salvador and thousands of people disappear.
The deal is nearing completion.
Bummer.
1981.
The minute Reagan becomes president, Iran releases the hostages.
The deal is clinched.
The gang of four is deposed in China.
Israelis bomb an Iraqi nuclear power plant.
A Turk with KGB and CIA connections tries to get out.


The
U.S. is forced to kill the Pope.
Greece and France go socialist.
Bummer.
1982.
Sandinistas suspend all civil rights in Nicaragua, blaming the U.S.
Israel invades Lebanon, trying to rough up Palestinians.
Britain beats Argentina.
With Israeli permission, Christians massacre Muslim refugees in Beirut, where we start
sending troops.
Solidarity outlawed in Poland.
Argentina slaughters thousands suspected of anti-government activity.
The U.S. is forced to stop the U.S. from attacking the U.S. in the United States.


The U.S. and its allies, the U.S. and its allies, are forced to learn more about the

Bummer.
1983.
That was a short year, actually.
Bummer.
Navy pilot captured by Syrians is released after efforts by Jesse Jackson.
Duarte defeats Roberto Bob Dobison in Salvadoran elections.
Hmm.
Russia boycotts the LA Olympics.
A war between Hindus and Sikhs heats up in India.
Indira Gandhi killed by Sikhs.
Bhopal then happens.
All starting to fall into place for you yet?
Just hang in there.
Britain sells Hong Kong to China to take effect in 1997.
Desmond Tutu gets Nobel Peace Prize.
By the way, did you know that Mr. Nobel made that money selling weapons in World War I?
Bummer.
And before we can go on, dear friends, with this enlightening overview,
we must hit you with this.
No?
If not that, then we'll try this.
Hi there, this is Ruben Artemides.
Have you heard of the year-end underwriting special Kano and his currently running?
You haven't?
Well, where have you been?
1985.
Gorbachev becomes Ruski leader.
Reagan weeps at Nazi cemetery.
Hundreds killed in British soccer riots.
Palestinians hijack airplanes.
Sikhs bomb Indian jumbo jets.
517 killed in Japan airlines.
Thousands killed in Mexico City earthquake.
Thousands killed by volcano in Colombia.
Reagan and Gorbachev start having summits.
First hour of Slack show broadcast.
Palestinians bomb airports.
Bummer.
1986.
Libyans bomb Americans in Rome and Vienna.
Baby Doc Duvalier exiled from Haiti.
Ferdinand Marcos exiled from Philippines when popular revolution supports Corey Aquino,
whose husband Marcos had killed.
U.N. Secretary General.
Kurt Waldheim revealed to have been Jew-torturing Nazi.
Maybe.
U.S. bombs two Libyan cities.
Trying to kill Muammar Gaddafi.
Unfortunately only 15 Libyans are killed.
Chernobyl nuclear power plant explosion goes unreported by Soviets until Sweden detects
the radiation.
Bummer.
1987.
Arabs kidnapping Americans in Middle East.
Iraqi jet accidentally bombs U.S. ship in Persian Gulf.
U.S. Navy escorts Kuwaiti tankers through Gulf as protection against Iranian attacks.
Hey, you know what?
Haitian elections cancelled after terrorism by deposed dictator supporters.
Palestinian Intifada uprising begins in Israeli occupied territory.
Bummer.
1988.
Civil wars and ethnic riots within many Soviet republics.
U.S. reneges on deal with Panamanian dictator Noriega.
Reagan visits the evil empire.
U.S. ship accidentally shoots down Iranian airliner.
Pakistan's leader assassinated.
Thousands die in Hurricane Gilbert.
Shroud of Turin debunked for good.
Thousands die in earthquake in Armenia.
Hundreds die in Pan American Airlines bombing.
Bummer.
1989.
U.S. shoots down two Libyan jets makes threats regarding Libyan chemical weapons plants.
Ayatollah issues death bounty on Salman Rushdie whose book I wouldn't otherwise have just
started reading.
It's sort of corny but sort of cool at the same time.
Soviet Union lies about leaving Afghanistan.
Right wing president elected in El Salvador.
Soviet Communist Party says the U.S. is a terrorist organization.

It starts undergoing upheavals towards reform.
But pro-democracy movements start in China, Hungary and Poland.
Succeeds only in Poland and Hungary.
Japanese prime minister resigns after scandals.
Noriega fixes elections in Panama.
Colombia cracks down on drug cartels while U.S. declares war on drugs and incidentally
anybody else abnormal.
Satanism hysteria causes decay of freedom of speech and religion in the U.S.
Subgenius books selling better than ever.
Vietnam withdraws from Cambodia.
Czechoslovakia and Hungary, Hungarian, East German communist governments collapse.
And finally, hour of slack show number 212 broadcast at this moment.
Bummer.
Told you it was all going to make sense in the end, didn't I?
I wasn't lying.
This is Humphrey with a little distilling exploits and all.
But Tom's will till.
I know he will.
I know he will.

Temp on chamber will hiss for no man.
As you spring, so shall you, Neap.
Oh, the rowdy old rap.
Minx and marriage and making loof.
Reed Guthrie and the cut of him.
And thus.
Right here.
Wow.
I admit the, the, the.

I've been trying to keep it real.
How can I keep it real?
I'll keep it real.
I'll keep it real.
I'll keep it real.
I swear.
I swear.
It started out as funny, but it...
It was a funny show.
Yeah, it kind of went downhill.
Especially this sentence.
This sentence just wasn't as funny as it came out.
Okay, we ran along and...
Just a little bit this way, just to tell you...
No, I can fly back this way.
Okay, now.
Now.
Yeah, but we're not trying to say that we'd just go on...
It's not a me show.
Yeah, like we sit here and take pictures of ourselves on the air or anything.
And just talk about something that didn't make any sense.
It's not like that kind of me show.
Just talking about...
Just going on and on about...
Oh, thank you.
Yes, thank you.
It's not just the me generation these days.
It's the gimme generation with these kids.
I've never seen such a bunch of gimme kids.
I mean, I think it should be the me decade, as long as it's me.
They're decading.
But who are you?
I'm Franken-decade.
Decem.
Yeah, they're like...
Decem.
Yeah, but I'm his little baby.
He does love short, you know, bread.
Oops.
Okay.
I went to the doctor.
The doctor said,
feed that child on shortening bread.
My little baby loves shortening, shortening.
My little baby loves shortening bread.
My little baby loves shortening, shortening.
My little baby loves shortening bread.
And the audience loves it.
Yes.
At last my mind is still okay.
They can't get enough of it.
Mindly still, I have...
Okay, here we go.
Now Jader's going to balance seven foot miles on the dead.
That is...
Time for your ticket.
Time for your ticket.



That giant razor blade into a tub of mine for us.
What's my interest?
And we have rack and roll.
Still mind having.
Hey there, hi, Brooklyn.
Have I mind...
Isn't that wonderful?
Leased still.
Yes.
Have I mind still enjoying that?
I don't know what's my interest.
What?
What?
What?
The lease on my mind?
What's the meaning of the word meaning?
What's the meaning of the word word?
What's the meaning of the word the?
What's the meaning of the word what?
What do I mean by me?
What do I mean by do?
What do I mean by do, by do, by do?
Money...
Take Dominica on the top and in the lane.
I do, I do.
He's really getting into the swing of things here.
Keep those donations flowing.
That's right.
Send all your money to
Doctor Howe.
Tare of the Station.
For all your money.
724404.
you left over for january hyperboost sounds fair to us here on the show and remember there's still
time to make fast practice for that snack bar there's 10 minutes until showtime that's exactly
right it's over you are about to now be here 848-4425 get serious and call the way it was
come on give me a give me a give me a break people so sit back bring that money and enjoy
your time
only 50 hours till showtime
and it's going
and it's getting further and further
rocket
the devil
noodle
rock music sets itself above god now listen we are programmable the devil knows how to program you
the devil has programmed two generations of young people for absolute total destruction
through his music now the devil wouldn't be the devil if he didn't have music
do you know what they said in syracuse new york when they were going to have a concert up there
recently the police chief said it's not the violence i worry about as much as the nudity
dancing dancing nudity violence dancing dancing nudity violence young people are killing themselves
at a rapid rate i believe much of it as a result of rock music
our homes have been torn down
you
the walls of purity have been torn down morality in general has been pulled in the sewer because of
rock music
these gods that's supposed to get you all nervous and jerky because it can make us feel relaxed
it can make us feel scared isn't that interesting you'll notice they don't play the tennessee waltz
in a halloween flick now would you agree with me that there's
patriotic music yes would you agree with me there's funeral music yes would you agree
with me if there's scary type music yes would you agree with me that there's relaxing type music yes
matter of fact there is also boogie type music to book it
ZA
and now
here's johnny
ask not what your country can do for you ask what you can do for your
here is a bulletin
Here is a bulletin.
What is it?
Stand by please.
Stand by please.
In Dallas, Texas.
It appears as though something has happened in the motorcade route.
In the motorcade route.
Three shots were fired.
Three. Put me on the bell. Put me on.
Three. Put me on the bell. Put me on.
Three.
President Kennedy has been seriously wounded by this shooting.
Stand by please.
Stand by please.
More details just arrived.
Mrs. Kennedy jumped up. She called, oh no.
Oh no.
The energy.
Oh no.
The faith.
Oh no.
The devotion.
Oh no.
The motorcade sped on.
The world is very different now.
We are different.
We claim to have gained the power of today.
We are balloons.
We can fly high above the Mas Physique, and we

We are life.
We are estouroids.
We are real life peninsula.
We are capable of fighting يا
The energy jumped up, she called, oh no.
Oh no.
The energy.
Oh no.
The faith.
Oh no.
The devotion.
Oh no.
The motorcade sped on.
The flash.
Apparently official.
The flash.
Apparently official.
President Kennedy died.
Apparently official.
1 p.m.
Central Standard Time.
Time.
Time.
Time.
Time.
Time.
We dare not forget today that we are the heirs of that first revolution.
Here is a prisoner.
Here is a prisoner.
Wearing a black sweater.
Do you have anything to say to your defense?
Puzzle at the shot!
Puzzle at the shot!
Jack Ruby.
Jack Ruby.
He runs the carousel club.
Here is the ambulance.
More details don't arrive.
Mrs. Kennedy, jumped up, she called, oh no.
Oh no
Oh no giving up.
He gave it toılıwe.

Oh no money.
It must have been waiting for you.
Oh no Monday one time. We should just have a conversation tomorrow.

The motorcade sped on.
More details just arrived.
Mrs. Kennedy jumped up.
She called, oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
The motorcade sped on.
Ah, dear friends, that was, I know you want to know who did that.
That was done by, according to the log that came with the mystery tape from which I got that.
It was done by, it's called the motorcade sped on by Steinsky and the mass media.
If you know anything about who Steinsky and the mass media is, please call the station here.
Speak to Will O'Dobbs itself.
Well, himself.
I don't know why I say that.
Will's very definite, him.
Ain't going to horn in on my territory.
He better bird dog that stuff or I'll be taking it away from you.
At 823-7490.
And it was, see, there was one.
You can hear him there in the background.
And what a historical show.
We're going to pop back over here to Berkeley for a second for the KPFA.
More than an hour, less than a show.
Show puzzling evidence.
Dr. Hal Robbins and I believe special guest Jane or I.
I believe so.
We shall never let our scalpels grow rusty except for the purposes of podcast.
None of it's real.
Just remember, none of it is real.
Yes, there was a couple of sand.
There was behind it.
Is what I'm saying live or is this, is this a tape?
What you're saying is live, but we're thinking of taking a rock and away break.
Hmm.
But you don't rock and away, do you?
I don't what?
You don't rock and away, do you?
Well, if this is a tape, just turn me off.
That'll be $44.67.
We're not sure.
Thank you.
Come again.
Part two of show.
Okay.
You have now reached part two of your hour of slack show tape.
You may now continue.
Hey!
Proof.
Proof that the brain is nothing more than an alien parasite that infests a human body
shortly before birth.
No, it is not the brain.
Rather, it is the brain.

So, part two of bracelet'sGodzilla wag,

And you're gonna have to decide what
to do with a come color if

These days it's easy to say man.

box.
On the highway kind.
Really kill him.
Well, do you have it in your heart to look up to that man, that man who's too close.
The man you love, hate so much, walk up to Bob and just end it all?
I didn't.
Would you really do it?
I had to stop and pick him up off the side of the road, give him a ride, wherever he wanted to go.
I was compelled to do so.
I'm sorry.
We're killing the engine.
We'll kill her.
I pushed the pedal down, but my engine wouldn't run.
The gas wasn't going to it.
Man, you know, that's why we were born with organic baseball bats,
for us to bash Bob over the back of his head with it.
You know, that's why women are weaker than men.
Hey!

Come on, not the pie!
You ate it on the pie.
Come on, you can do it.
You hate the pie.
I was too weak.
I was too weak to kill him.
I hate the pie.
I understand.
I understand what you're going through.
What is this?
I'm creating social.
Let's kill these wimps.
Kill the wimps.
Looks like we don't need stage.
Man, I'm going to chop these wimps into bits and pieces
because they don't stop sticking to something.
I'm going to eat your fingernails into my head.
Oh, friends, that, uh, the lead, uh, hate ranter there was, uh,
at that fantasy fair revival was,
was known as Nirvana Day.
We're wondering about, what, what?
That was the other thing I wanted to say.
Oh, yeah, I don't care.
As long as I get more of these.
We cannot run this ministry on love alone, children.
Give Wellman more show.
We could, but...
Keep him going.
...you have to reach down in your pocketbooks.
Maybe if we just sold everything we own,
we could stay on the air another day.
Those naked girls are doing their wicky-wacky-wacky dance.
Wow, take a look at them.
You don't have to tell me that three times.
Look at them, you know, those, uh...
Look at them, look at them, look at them.
They say every gesture, every movement has a meaning of its own,
and you can believe that.
Watchin' these wack-down wacky knees and...
My God, now they're...
My eyes have been glued to that one in the middle.
If I could only pull them off,
if super glue or something, I...
Mama, by me death.
Not you, Bozo.
I was talking to a lady.
You're telling me my eyes have been nailed to that one on the end
for the past year?
You're telling me your eyes are as big as your stomach's a heap.
You'll need a 30-pound claw hammer to get those incredibly painted out of there.
...in our country it is considered...
I'm no doctor, but I think you're gonna need a chainsaw to get your eyes back.
Hey, you don't need a chainsaw to tell which way the wind blows.
Hey, listen, I'm not in medicine.
Maybe I should be a staple instead.
You're gonna need something to...
You're telling me my eyes have been stapled to that one on the far right
for the past five light years.
You need to be pounded good and hard in your massage room.
A need to be needed.
Hey, I'm no MD, but you're gonna need a staple puller to leave this dance hall.
Yeah, you'll need to have that staple taken out of your navel.
What do you think you are, a playboy or a playmate?
Playboy, play me, eh?
These days, everyone hears voices.
Oh, God, he's lost it.
Most of punk rock's made on independent labels, right?
Okay, now, if you take the album out,
and you look past the last song on a given side,
in between the last song and the actual paper label,
on independent record companies,
you've got to engineer a little stencil, a little message,
from anything from Happy New Year to your brain is wasted.
For some people, these voices don't even come from the outside.
They come directly out of their knees or the metal plates in their heads.
Five o'clock Sunday afternoon, and I'm stuck in a traffic jam
that stretches 150 miles.
Let's get in one more call.
We talk, we read, we listen to Mozart sometimes.
Right now, I am coming in.
I am coming in through your ears,
which filter what I am saying up into your brain.
...
...
...
...
...



You know what I hate?
I hate it when I'm playing with my fishing kit,
and I get the fish hooks caught in my urethra.
...
...
...
...
I take a pipe, and I shove it in there to make it bleed more,
then I twist it, and I squirm it.
I take the pipe and put it in my mouth and suck out the frog.
...
...
...
...
They keep calling, slimy worms, and they crawl into my brain,
and I see a pipe in front of my face again.
And I eat it, and I eat it!
And then I turn into a worm!
And then somebody shoves a fish hook in my urethra.
Praise Nirvana Dave, dear friends.
I hate that too, man.
Well, see? Something happens.
All you gotta do is bring Bob and just drag Bob into it.
The problem is the moon is in third conjunction with the fourth dysfunction of Mercury's opposite on the other side of the moon that we can't see.
He's not supposed to know that.
In effect, it's through the slack field Bob's pipe conjunctively blows outward instead of sucking in.
You're all in Bob's pipe.
Every damn one of you is sitting in Bob's pipe right this minute.
Can't see the edges of the bowl right now.
If you could just see, if you could see,
you'd see the edges of...
the bowl of Bob's pipe surrounding you.
You'd see the flames coming down, licking at your brain to...
so he can inhale your brain.
And you'd see that you were floating in an ocean of ice cold pills.
But, oh! Too bad!
Too many are so blind.
Well, it seems that Pope S. Cecilia has her own schismatic clench bowing down before her.
That's right, kids.
Reminding you that the father of the gods is fair and we shall all vanish without a trace.
Bye!
Yeah!
Yeah!

In our stingy, merry, suffering, stroomings of hair,
parting them and soothing her and mingling it,
that was deep, dark, and ample like this...
and the
Oh, yes, the swinging love corpses there in the background, dear friends.
And before we get out of here, I'm going to do as I promised.
We're going to give you the beginnings of the predictions series.
For the 1990s.
And this time it's going to take the form of investment advice from J.R. Bob Dobbs himself,
channeled through me, your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Friends, those of you with money to burn, and if you want to make money with money in the coming tribulation times,
here are some growth industries that are foolproof investments.
These are industries that are going to pay you back $100,000.
100-fold on your investment, dear friend.
Number one, ice.
Ice, you know, smokeable methamphetamine.
You can definitely look for this industry to grow.
Crack will be passe.
Ice addicts will make fun of people who are still nothing but wimpy old crack addicts.
Number two growth industry, drug rehabilitation.
Drug rehabilitation.
Especially of the religious variety.
And, in fact, number three investment opportunity is religious cults in general.
Uh, yeah.
However, that ties for the number three place best investment with low-brow comedy-oriented entertainment companies.
If you can combine the two, dear friends, you're going to be doing great.
Uh, number four investment opportunity, medicine.
Both conspiracy-type medicine, cancer treatments, for instance, like painkillers, new painkillers,
and also quackery, new age vitamin and nostrum sort of scams.
Number five, self-defense courses.
And security technologies and companies, especially electronic security.
Locks, bars on the door.
Number six, survivalist industries.
Training, supplies, and arms.
Number seven, illegal abortions.
Number eight, home video and computer entertainment systems, which, uh, require people to not leave the home.
Number nine, law.
Any kind of legal services at all will be a big growth industry.
Number ten, employment services, such as job finding,
and related to that, number eleven, family-sized cheap tents.
Cheap tents. The cheapest housing.
But big ones, family-sized. Old families living for the rest of their lives in a good, well-made American tent.
Uh, number twelve, cheap, brittle fiberglass broomsticks.
This relates to a teenage fad, uh, that, uh, you, if you want to look in, uh, your, uh, pre-scriptures
in the, uh, Dateline for Dominance prediction in Book of the Subgenius,
which, by the way, has many more predictions than we're reading here today.
And other ones. These are unpublished ones.
Number twelve, growth industry.
Water purifiers.
Number thirteen, air purifiers.
Number fourteen, food sterilizers.
Uh, number seventeen, ozone replenishment devices.
Number fifteen, uh, plastic surgery.
Number sixteen, high-tech police supply and surveillance device manufacturers.
There's gonna be a lot of demand for that.
Number eighteen, real estate in the far north and Arctic.
Uh, in preparation for the greenhouse effect, dear friends.
That was a beautiful Swingin' Love Corps song, hidden in the background under the rant.
Uh, you'll just have to take my word for it that it was fantastic and wonderful.
And as we wait for the, uh, upcoming show, which here in Dallas is the, uh, Collector's Showcase,
but in other cities is...
Insert Show Title Here.
Which is a great, great show. We just love it here in Texas.
And, uh...
Oop!
So, somebody was cuttin' up.
We're gonna have Philo in the background.
But we're gonna hear Philo sing.
Just to, uh, lift you out of this...
This, I know it's been interesting, this historic, uh, overview of the last ten years.
And, uh, hints for investment opportunities in the future.
In the 90's, at least up until 1998.
Of course, your best investment, dear friends, is always going to be a Church of the Subgenius membership card.
Uh, and you can get information because, you know, otherwise, what's the rest of it worth?
What is...
Really, ask yourself.
What's the rest of it worth unless you have that membership card and gigantic package which allows you, uh,
uh, to board the flying saucers of, uh, pleasure when the men from Planet X come to take we subgeniuses away
to some better world at the end of the 90's.
Uh, more on that later.
And you can find out about those things by writing this post office box I'm about to give.
That's right.
You can write to Bob.
Ask for free information from Bob.
Pox.
140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, for those of you on drugs.
That's an old joke.
Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
And here's the Swingin' Love Chorus with their great new old hit, uh, Pick-A-Booger.
Thank you.
.
.
.
.
I'm a damn Asian to learn, but after a while it's a game of learn.
I'm a damn Asian to learn, but after a while it's a game of learn.
Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker!
Drive in your car and you look at it today, but my name is Lucas Robinson, I'm like a saber in the leather.
It's full of stungers, you shake it on the thing, and all of a sudden it's Asian, you take it to your friend and get down!
Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker!
It holds it, it holds it, you shake it in your hands, you learn it in the ways you look at them in hell.
Screams while those fingers wait a million days, pick a fucker, pick a fucker, and sit in that screen!
Couple everybody, stick your finger in your nose, pick a fucker right and wipe it off your clothes.
Don't know how you feel, the way you are, the other, make it your habit, wipe it off your clothes!
Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker!
Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker! Pick a fucker!
cash someone trying to sell again

Oh, my God.
