I'm from under the walls, this is the sun from where the wall is cracked.
My voice, my voice, my voice, my voice, my voice, my voice, my voice, my voice, my voice, my voice, my voice, my voice.
Yes, dear friends.
Am I really coming in?
Crank my voice.
Yes, there we go.
Oh, praise Elvis, dear friends.
And praise George.
More sugar, dear friends.
We're really going to miss George and those mellow oldies.
You know, after a couple of weeks when he goes on to New York City.
Because we needed that softer sort of carpet underfoot.
It's a slackless environment.
Before we, you know, we needed that before it got trod upon by the sheer ugliness.
The ugliness, dear friends, of the arrr slack.
Slack.
The horror of Bob.
Pity.
Oh, pity the subgeniuses.
They deserve to be treated with respect.
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?

Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
Right?
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery.
which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius.
Hour of Swatch.
Welcome, potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry.
The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station KNON and only in the city of Dallas, Texas.
To listen,griffin, Shania & Brenda have арно financing.
Sleepy appears to be displayed as before...
...What SP This song is shaped as is paranormal.
We hope to be back in the day with a new genre, popular analysis also and survival storytelling.
Cor tivemos ver cambios maximum, sobredescinados en seguida performing

The tradition seems this is a webcast of TV.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Bear!
Wait, Dad!
Oh, no!
I can take you here in Hunger City.
Nothing's gonna stop me.
I know I'll survive.
I can take you here in Hunger City.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?

What?



Slut.
Wow!

Slow.
Slow.
Slow.
Slow.
Praise God.
Ah, yes, dear friends, this is Reverend Gordon Truby.
The end times are near, but there's nothing to fear.
If you just send us a dollar, we get set.
Prepare for the launch of the bleeding head of a pulver.
Remember the motto, perform the salute.
Smack off and study the pamphlets.
And if you should falter, then look to the sky.
Cause Bob's...
Bob's always somewhere nearby.
There's a pipe in the sky.
And I'll follow him anywhere.
Through the sun, there's no money.
Through a hurricane tide.
There's a pipe in the sky.
Some people wipe their
31st numbers in the New York Times.
Everysein then says,
This is a great program.
If you would like to rub elbows with us.
Well, I'd like to rub salt.
Euh.
What?
helping women with these kinds of problems.
Greetings, ladies and gentlemen.
Don't talk of musicians for a moment.
salt to rub it between the forefinger and the thumb walk with the shins around the burning
decapitated child's head and then jump into the grave and say hop on my thumb hop on my thumb
this is a problem i must overcome play in a dead cat or a live cat that's not feeling well
then cover with the sod and when the birds chirp on the third saturday after mickle mass take a
large deal of pickle and then the surface i'm gonna start all over again i've got to start this
damn show all over again god i'm so sick and tired of having to start this stupid show over and over
and over again this show never seems to go anywhere it's nothing but an endless beginning
a thousand beginning sequences
it seems like
oh yes dear friends
you're listening to the ivan stang theme by nina rota by way of snake finger
we got some uh a whole bunch of stuff from ralph records oh it praised bob
the wonderful reverend shena over there at ralph records has converted to bob into the hour of
slack and so i've got an infinite supply of all the material from ralph records and i'll be playing
some of the new oh a little bit of new residents new negative land and snake finger but but anyway
here we go
here we go
But you know, those things pale in comparison to that which has been sanctified by Bob.
Because, dear friends, which came first, really?
The mistake or the excuse?
You know, the astounding power of the human mind is nowhere better illustrated than in its ability to rationalize its own mistakes.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, it can devise wonderful machines and soaring concertos.
But those wilt, dear friends, besides the inventiveness of its excuses.
After all, must we not survive before we can afford to indulge in such pleasantries as culture and science?
The alcoholic, for instance, or the yogi.
Or the...
Any cult member or subgenius, by intuitively recognizing this, can bypass it.
And even in that, find excuses to bypass survival itself.
Yes, alcohol or Bob, in other words, can be more seductive than life itself.
Ah, yes, praise Bob.
This is your friend, Reverend Ivan Stank.
And you're listening to The Hour of Slack on KNON 90.9 FM.
And...
Dallas, Texas.
Oh, yeah.
The Hour of Slack.
The Hour of Slack.
The Hour of Slack.
And so, Bob Dobbs founded his church upon a...
On a sandy beach of common sense, sense of humor, and...
Dollars and cents.
A likely story, you say.
But it's simple, really.
Bob is lucky, not smart.
In fact, by the perverted conspiracy standards of intelligence, he's gifted with incredible stupidity.
He lives in a perpetual state of contracted consciousness.
This enables him to act without thinking.
To effortlessly surf the luck plane.
To float down the fabled path of least resistance.
To, in fact, make a million dollars each time he screws up.
Thus, it is not his wisdom, but his divine follies.
His holy blunders which we emulate.
The miracle is not in what Bob does to you, but in what he allows you to do to yourself.
He brings the student to life.
The realization that everything you know is true.
Pull the wool over your own eyes, he admonishes.
And you may finally relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Under the conspiracy, you're being ripped off every day.
But you can learn to enjoy it.
You can choose the way you're gonna get screwed.
Some ways are fun.
Some ways are not.

Dobbs journeyed to Tibet, and under ancient holy men, he perfected the arts of glanscaping and acubating.
He also began modeling for hundreds of magazine ads, leaving early clues of his presence.
These old ads are the only known photos of Dobbs, for he otherwise remains elusive.
Shunning both the spotlight and the authorities.
In 1979, he was the first person in the world to be called the god of the universe.
He recruited two randomly selected nobodies, Dr. Philo Drummond and Ivan Stang, to begin a public outreach arm and spread his seed word of slag.
The church is now subjected to constant harassment and attacks from every corner, which only serves to illustrate how much they fear his message.
Some call us Satanists, or the mockers prophesied in the Bible as harbingers of the end times.
Still others, deem the gospel to be a false gospel.







dare to deny that Bob exists at all.
But if that were so,
who posed for all those magazine ads in the 50s?
The feminist dupes of the conspiracy charge
that not enough members are women.
Bob would agree to that.
Indeed, he would say,
there will never be enough women,
but at least the ones we have are all women.
And Bob?
Bob is all men.
Man.
The James Bond of Zen masters,
the most dashing religious leader of his time.
Yes, Bob Dobbs is a sex god.
He has come and keeps coming again and again
not to forgive your sins,
but to rationalize them,
to justify your sins.
Let me tell you the story
of James.
He was an arm of God's
bread of men
and yet he
he walked with the gods.
He wore a silly grin
and he smoked a stupid pipe.
He fought the conspiracy
every day of his life.
He lit the stench
of many a man.
Father men,
it should be said,
With his mighty glance, he founded the religion in which we all believe.
Brought us all the slack that everybody needs.
Puff was the greatest salesman the world had ever seen.
He could sell the farms after he ate all the beans.
He could sell a pile of bad stuff to a lonely fly.
All of us who knew him figured he would never die.
Bob Dawes, Bob Dawes.
He was a great man.
He was a real man and brave.
Bob Dawes, Bob Dawes.
He's lying dead in his grave.
Without Bob, what are we gonna do?
With a man from Planet X go marching through.
The horrible racist stuck in jail.
The old man from the old school.
Bob Dawes, Bob Dawes.
Bob Dawes was bailed, but now he's dead.
So we're doomed.
What to do?
What to do?

He founded the city known as Top Town.
Deep within Malaysia, it was rarely found.
There he studied forbidden science until that fateful day.
When he came unto his flock in the city by the bay.
Few had ever seen him.
Few had ever dared.
Most had no occasion.
Others just plain scared.
The rudiments came to Frisco for the event of the age.
When the only smiling one would step out on the stage.
He walked up to the left and he looked to the right.
They stepped out with confidence in two eyes.
All the cheering fans as he strode up to the mic.
He would put his assassin's bullets into his breast.
Bob Dawes, Bob Dawes.
Bob Dawes, Bob Dawes.
The crowd saw their saviour had come.
Bob Dawes, Bob Dawes.
Was greeted by the fatherhood home.
Without Bob we have no need of him.
As we swiftly approach that middle year
For in 1998 he would have set the record straight
But now he's dead so we're due to a deer
Well this has been the story of J.R. Bob Dobbs
Some call him Messiah, others call him fraud
I hope that before 98 that the word gets out
That Bob Dobbs was the only guy we couldn't do without
The end times are upon us and things don't look so good
Bob Dobbs had the answer but was seldom heard
Understood, worthy to heap up trouble
Our books are in the red
There is no joy in Budville
Now that Bob is dead
So we pray to God and Jesus
To do battle for Bob's soul
With a dog and a peanut
For strength that they all rule
We pray to he who needs no name
That we may need no slack
And if Rachel won't hand
Please send our money back
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs
Our lives are worth shit without you
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs
Oh dear
What will we do?
Without Bob we are in a time fix
When the Axis come to kill us just for kicks
If they were not in his grave
All these sub-geni would be saved
But it is so our chances are nicks
But it is so our chances are nicks
And it was
Needless to say
We failed

But this is
Situation
There is no hope
In ourini
And ever
of JR Bob Dobbs.
I've been working on that video all week, you know?
And then along came this guy.
Bob Dobbs.
Oh, listen to that.
Now see, if this was another...
If this was any other radio show,
I would pull this off.
I would pull the tape out of this cassette deck.
You see?
On upper deck, cassette deck number one,
we're hearing this otherwise lovely Snakefinger song.
Oh, well, we were.
But it was running at the wrong speed.
God, I wish I hadn't been talking over it.
It's just kind of like jammed up.
Oh, there we go.
Here, it's coming back.
Oh, listen to that.
Isn't that beautiful?
George warned me about this earlier tonight.
He said,
Doug,
he called me by that name for some reason.
He said,
there's something wrong with cassette deck number one there.
Let's try it again.
One more.
No.
Ain't gonna do it, friends.
Well, I know.
We'll have to call in the healer of appliances.
Yes, I'm sure that Dr. Philodrumon
can do something about that horrible situation.
Yes.
Yeah, we're back to normal.
Let's see what's on TV tonight.
There's a special on one of the,
well, let's see, it's channel 38 if you get cable.
Frappa Billy live in Nashville.
On channel 27 tonight,
the man from Planet X.
And if you tune in right now,
you can catch the very end of
Our Squirting Universe on PBS.
See, 39, I think, has 20 million miles,
and Mars Needs Women right after that.
Both of those feature cameo appearances
by J.R. Bob Dobbs.
On CBN, the Christian Broadcasting Network,
we've got Love That Bob.
And after that, Bob and Connie and Jim and Tammy.
I can't wait.
That's like a soft core porno.
And then Fort Dobbs.
What is Fort Dobbs about?
Apaches try to regain their sacred pipe
from a mad Caucasian plunderer.
And, oh, that's with John Wayne.
And then at midnight,
Dante's Inferno with Spencer Tracy,
which also has an amazing appearance by Bob Dobbs.
But, oh, let's see,
if I can just get my technical act together here, friends.
And I think I can.
I want to play,
this song I'd like to,
I'm serious here,
it's a quiet moment.
I'd like to dedicate this to those,
the kids that were lost in the Guadalupe River this weekend.
Oh, Jesus gave me water.
Jesus gave me water.
Jesus gave me water.
He gave me water.
He gave me water.
Jesus gave that woman.
He gave me water.

Gave her their living last day.
He gave me water.
He gave me water.
He gave me water.
What a loving water.
And there was none in the well.
There was a woman from Samaria,
came to the well to get some water.
It was there she met our savior.
So the story tell,
how that woman dropped her pitcher,
but her drinking was made richer
by the water he gave her.
She saw there came,
she saw parts of her well.
When her bloodflow was split in half,

when our girl crossed the seabrook.


She intensively kept a hat,



Mary do not drive a woman away.
He said,



our best friends in good faith,
They should know why I give them water.
My God I want to die for this fricking writer,
and he gave him the balls of his life,
and he gave me the water.
He gave me water.
He gave me water.

He gave me water.
He gave me water.
Yes, that was Snakefinger, also late.
Yes, Snakefinger's also dead.
Reverend Sheena Timoney down there at Ralph Records said that just about three weeks ago,
old Snakefinger bought it.
Yes, he did.
He's out of the way now.
Sad, sad.
But you know he's gone on to a life in Bob, a new life in Bob.
This is from the Potatoes album.
Potatoes, Volume 1 from Ralph Records.
12-foot orchestra.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Like this.
Like this.
Alright.
We don't need this, right?
We don't need this.
We don't need this.
We don't need this.
We don't need this.
Working on a chain gang for Bob
Working on a chain gang for Bob
Oh yeah
Bobby's got me working
Working for my slack
Bobby's got me working
Working for my slack
I'm working on a chain gang for Bob
Working on a chain gang for Bob
Oh yeah
All on the ballin'
It is me darlin'
All on the ballin'
The ballin'
The ballin'
The ballin'
The ballin'
The ballin'
Working on a chain gang for Bob
modern day subgenius a go-go shows. I don't care because this is the way Dobbs has willed it
to be and everything is okay. The new Stark Fist magazine is out. Both of the X-Day video
productions are looking great. We have a DeVival. Oh yeah, we've got a DeVival coming up December
4th and 5th in Austin Texas where this show is never heard with Robert Anton Wilson, Negative
Land and yours truly and Jesus Christ Church and Subgenius crew here Reverend Nikki, Deaf Chick,
so forth. Sponsored by Fringeware. That's December 4th and 5th. Robert Anton Wilson,
Negative Land, Church and Subgenius at Fringeware. I don't know where actually. I don't know where.
See?
www.subgenius.com for details. That may be my doctor. Praise Bob.
You can say what you want. Yeah, you can put her down. But one thing you better remember.
You can say what you want.
You can say what you want.
You can say what you want.
You can say what you want.

I don't trust you or Norm anymore.
But I trust Bobby.
You fear is that you're not man enough.
You're not man enough, are you?
Are you this family?
Yeah.
Oh, Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Of course.
I'm sorry.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.

Uh-huh.





I'm sorry, Bobby.
Oh, Bob.
I'm sorry.




But Bob's my friend too.
I mean, pastor.
Don't make me drive across that creek.
Ow!
Not with all that heavy rain.
No.
Well, all right.
Like me.
All right.
If Jesus said so, I'll...
Let's talk about it.
I'll do it, Bob!
Oh, yeah.
Bravo!
We made it!


We made it!
Bravo!
Bravo!



Friends, you can call A...
No, you can't.
Oh, and talk to the Willa Dobbs.
Complain about the tasteless things that we say over the air.
Or you can call A...
No, you can't call that one either.
Sorry.
Things we say on the air.
Thank you.
But, you know, uh...
Hey.
One thing, friends,
is be sweet to your old hometown.
Yeah.
But, you know,
there's no excuse
when they tell you not to go across there.
It doesn't matter if Jesus says to or not.
I don't care.
As we end another broadcast,
let me say that you ain't got nothing
and he's got it all.
And your miserable self
is against the wall.
The only thing you have not tried
is the sport of chumps.
That's suicide.
That's suicide.
That's suicide.
There ain't no use in living.
It's all a waste of time.
And you want to throw your life away.
The people that you find
will get on and get it over with then.
Find you a bridge and take a jump.
Make sure you do it right the first time.
Because nothing's worse than a suicide jump.
Oh, yeah.
You see, there ain't no light to shine in
through the bushes up ahead.
And walking around in the dark.

You don't want to be so sorry
when we find out who was it.
Now, get on and get it over with then.
Find you a bridge and take a jump.
Just make sure you do it right the first time.
Because nothing's worse than a suicide jump.
Oh, yeah.
Now, maybe you're scared to jump in.
And poison makes you sick.
And you want a little attention.
And you need it pretty quick.
You don't want to mess your face up.
And you won't know if it's you.
Oh, there's just so much to worry about.
Now, what you gonna do?
Go get on and get it over with then.
Find you a bridge and take a jump.
Just make sure you do it right the first time.
Because nothing's worse than a suicide jump.
Oh, yeah.
Now, maybe you're scared to jump in.
And poison makes you sick.
And you want a little attention.
And you need it pretty quick.
You don't want to mess your face up.
And you won't know if it's you
Or there's something wrong.



Hey, tonight's hour of slack is underwritten by the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company.
The Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company features Dobbs-approved church wear, including T-shirts and buttons and junk.
And that's the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company, serving the public since God knows when.
The post office box is...
Not there anymore, unfortunately.
753-59-5148.
Thanks, Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company, for supporting K&ON.
K&ON.com
K&ON.com
Thanks, because even though that was 1987, here in 1998, there is a subgenius Robert Anton Wilson show coming up in Austin, Texas on December 4th and or 5th.
Check with www.fringeware.com
Mr. Robert Anton Wilson, he's a subgenius, it's okay.
And as a matter of fact, he's a subgenius without whom there would probably be no...
Defined subgeniuses.
And that's the truth.
I mean, had it not been for the amazing books of Robert Anton Wilson,
I, you know, I don't know if Bob would have gone ahead and decided to release his word to the public.
But when he saw that the Illuminatus Trilogy and some of those other things sold,
why, he thought, well, I guess it's about time we let at least a few of these people into it, if they can take it.
Eight-track stereo, colored TV.
The blues are the truth.
But friends, I keep having to cut in here in 1998 over this 1987 subgenius show.
If I'd known how much old specific to Dallas crap there was on here, I'd have just done an original show.
It's taken me so long just to cover up the old useless...
Well, anyway, so it looks like we're going to have some new stuff.
Anyway...
Anyway, here, for at least until we get to 47 on the counter, here is Bill T. Miller's beautiful piece,
TV Addict, from his new CD, Kings of Feedback Rules.
The blues are the truth.
Let's watch something entertaining.
You're not anybody in America unless you're on TV.
I'm alone with my machines.
My TV.
My one true friend.
It's my window to the world.
I never turn it off.
I don't listen to your friends.
Oh, yeah.
You have been watching way too much TV.
You know, I must confess, I'm a television addict.
I just need constant stimulation.
Too much is never enough.
You know I'm dreaming in color.
But I'm living in black and white.
Now I believe everything I see.
It's gotta be a conspiracy.
Oh, nonsense.
I don't want to be a conspiracy theorist.


I'm just a
I'm just a
I'm just a



I'm just a
I'm just a

I'm just a




alcanzer.
anyone who looks at a screen will instantly become a見ل 잊으면 된estäouting
Let's try to keep a low profile ...u surprising you not know what the hell I'm talking about.
...U lowest profile vect successes that I have, and try to keep a bad reputation without
...U lowest profile vect successes that I have, and try to keep a bad reputation without
...U lowest profile т respiratory and vital buttons to search your life

TV and playing my guitar.
Oh yeah.
They say if you want to make it in this world,
you need endurance and a little bit of talent
and a whole lot of luck.
I'm going with my machine.
My TV and my one cheap deck.
It's my window to the world.
I never turn it off.
There's not a place for us.
But time has played for us.
Hold my hand and we're halfway there.
Hold my hand and I'll take you there.
Somehow.
Someday.
Somewhere.
Someday.

Someday.
Someday.

Someday.


Someday.
Someday.

Someday.
Someday.
Oh yes, dear friends, that's the Deebo's.
Yes, those rogue subgeniuses, the Deebo's.
Or what do they call it?
Deebo, I guess.
I don't know.
Why don't you own a copy of that one?
Well, because you earned it.
You're not a subgenius yet because you haven't paid your dues.
I could play this song for you, but I won't.
Good by Joe, me got to go, me on my own.
Me got to go, hold the beer, roll down the button.
My Yvonne, sweet as one, me on my own.
Son of a gun, we'll have big fun on the bike.
Jambo lie in a crawfish pie.
I sit around at the house and I listen to this old box,
to all kinds of weird, old, funky, old-timey music like this.
This is old, what's it called?
Old Western music, Western Germany, 1500s.
Ah, it feels so good.
Yeah, back at the house, I'm the proud owner of two little kids, believe it or not.
Yes, I am.
Both of them are old.



Old enough to read, but neither one of them is old enough yet to,
well, for me to break certain things to them about Santa Claus.
Now, it makes me mad that I can't tell them certain things,
but it almost shames me that I have to tell them other things at all.
Some of these monstrous truths don't slide by as easily as the one about Santa Claus.
One day, and this is the truth,
I had to warn my kids about certain grown-ups
who are so twisted by their own messed-up parents
that they want to, quote,
do bad things to you, unquote.
And it feels awful to break that kind of news to a kid,
and it's frightening to think what they're prompted to imagine
about the world they're going to grow up in,
no matter how you soften it up when you're telling them about it.
And I've never been able to tell them about the bomb,
or the germ, or the gas,
because I knew what would happen
if my kids started thinking about those things all the time.
They'd end up like me, dear friends,
and through all through high school,
I was dead sure the future would see us back in the caves.
As Einstein or some other wise guy once said,
quote,
I don't know what World War III will be fought with,
but the one after that will be fought with sticks and stones.
Unquote.
And now, dear friends, we don't even have that to look forward to.
That was a naive, positive thinking kind of view of the end of the world.
With the weapons they have now,
there wouldn't even be sticks and stones.
There'd be nothing, dear friends, nothing left
if the big mistake happened.
By the way, my kids did figure it out for themselves
without me having to say anything.
Between TV cartoons,
and the news,
and conversations on the playground,
they were able to put two and two together before first grade,
and you'll be glad to know that they did adjust a lot better than I did.
But, friends, most people cannot conceive of worldwide extinction
of all higher life forms.
Nay, they've got a lot of trouble, for that matter,
conceptualizing so much as a rape or a car wreck.
At least until it happens to them.
Positive thinking.
You know, oh, positive thinking, oh, don't you love it?
And that escape into affluent isolation, dear friends,
have become so socially desirable,
that the idea of preparing for the worst,
that's a bad habit now.
Only survivalists and cooks would do something like that.
To most Americans, friends,
a big mistake is, oh, say, forgetting to photocopy that textiles contract
before the board meeting, or...
burning the roast when guests are expected for dinner.
People nowadays, they won't build themselves a fallout shelter.
They won't even, I won't even quit smoking, myself, for that matter.
And yet, they'll donate to save the whales.
Strange paradoxes, but, uh, you see, friends,
most human beings have no idea how real they are.
And, for that matter, they don't know how smart they are,
but, at the same time, they grossly underestimate their own stupidity.
And, they...
To think about it, they could wreck,
permanently wreck, the rest of the planet,
for all of us, by just, for no other reason,
than not giving themselves enough credit,
either for brains or for the lack thereof.
And, if they distrust themselves so much, friends, think, how,
much they distrust you. They assume that they wouldn't be good enough at anything important,
like stopping the arms race to take a stab at it, and in all too few cases they're right.
So they cling to the safe and the meaningless, and they wish everyone else would too. When
somebody tries to warn them about a danger they didn't already know about, well, they
take that as an insult. Now as Bob Dobbs said to a Sunday school class in 1955, if they
all thought they were as great as I think I am, everybody'd get along just fine, even
though they'd all be wrong. That's what Bob said.
So how much do you tell your kids about the future? About pollution, about overpopulation
and war and crime?
And just exactly what those statistics are pointing to? When does it get past survival
training friends and start making them suicidal? For that matter, how much can you psychologically
afford to tell yourself? Maybe a lot more than you think.
It's a sick and perverse nation, dear friends. It is indeed.
You know, let me sell you this horse you coped with all those pensa you ask for.
Well, you know, you love me. Didn't you ever hear anything like that?
Oh god, no man, no, no man.
Oh, yeah.
How about it was this day when, what was it you forgot?
What day was it?
Huh, yeah.
Oh, man.
I don't remember these vivex stuff.
know about, you know, dozens of cheap sound effects are not going to keep these people
away. They're going to go right down into your back pocket, and they're going to go
right into that wallet, and they're going to pull out that card, and I'm afraid that's
it.
Look, look, okay, okay. I've been in the...
Now, Doug?
Just keep my daughter out of it if you possibly can.
I can't help it. I can't help it. They followed you to the boat. They got photos.
Very consensual.
They know that person never came back with you on the boat, even though they were seen
leaving.
Well, what are we supposed to do? Just let the older dog...
This is important.
You're going to have to come up with a better story than that when we go before those cameras
tomorrow.
Don't you think there's a way to convince them that these sacrifices really are necessary
to...
Well, I can't do it without your cooperation. What do you think you're paying me all this
money for?
Well, I'm trying to cooperate. No one believes me.
You won't even cooperate with me. I'm your own doctor lawyer. Now, what's going to happen
when you're up before Senator Hal?
Hello, you're on the air.
I stayed to watch those broken instruments, and I saw a thing so strange, I should not
dare to mention it without more evidence.
Hello?
But that my own clear conscience strengthens me, and that good companion that a hold of
a man with the armor of impurity, I saw it there.
Is this some sort of a threat?
A body without a head that moved along like all the others, that it spew and spill. I
held that severed head by its own hair, swinging like a lantern in its hand.
This young man sounds pathological.
And the head looked at us and wept in despair and made itself a lamp of its own head.
And they were two in one and wanted two.
Yes, one of today's troubled malaga going with it, Colonel.
It's a good thing we sealed him up here in this spaceship and shot him into a permanent
orbit.
We have a terrible item in this lost, dark, and permanent.
The collar drifts around the studio and is decapitated by Hal, who presses a button for
yet another.
It's hot.
Oh, yeah.
It's an amazing situation down here.
It's live.
I'll keep you awake.
I'll keep you awake for no reason at all.
No reason is right, dear friends.
Listen, I've got...
The Willa Dobbs just pointed out that, you know, the only call we've gotten down here
tonight was what?
Somebody wanting Madonna tickets?
Great show to call for that, friends.
Madonna, geez.
Unless you're thinking about Jesus' mother.
Now we can get you tickets for her.
She's meeting all the boys back in the garage after the show.
But listen, what makes us mad, what really makes us sick is that nobody has gotten
mad and sick at us yet.
Why is it I can get on the air and make underhanded, nasty...
Well, satirical, strictly satirical, and absolutely has nothing to do with this station, but nasty
comments about certain disasters that have happened in the Dallas area recently, and
nobody calls.
Nobody's upset about that.
Oh, no.
What if we mention one wounded animal?
If we say, even once, I like to kill animals.
Well, that, oh, then, oh, the lines light up.
You people are so, so angry and so ready to get up and fight when you hear somebody insult
your four-legged friends.
They're so poor and helpless.
But when we get on here and insult living human beings who died for nothing, oh, that
doesn't bother you a bit.
You don't care about that.
That's just people.
Oh, there, oh, that Nicaragua stuff, that's all just people.
I don't care.
Oh, Vietnam, oh, those were just humans.
Those were just two-legged animals.
Go ahead and napalm them again.
Do it again.
If you can't do it in Vietnam, go ahead and do it in, oh, El Salvador.
Do it in Nicaragua.
Do it anywhere you want.
I don't care.
My hero, Ali Norris, said it was okay, and he was told it was okay by somebody ahead
of him, but he doesn't remember who, and they certainly don't remember either.
Because, because that's okay.
It's okay to kill people, but it's, it's a terrible, terrible thing for us even to do
a satire of making fun of someone not liking animal liberation.
You new age pigs.
You pathetic, pathetic, useless excuses for human, I mean, you're useless excuses for
human beings, much less subjective.
You're just a bunch of geniuses.
My God, by gobs, this, I mean, the whole thing, it's just, it is, no, we've been doing this
show, this is hour of slack number 88.
We've been doing this for 88 weeks, and no one has killed us yet.
You call this a free country?
You call this a patriotic American state of Texas where subgeniuses can get on the air,
or publish pamphlets and books and things?

We've been doing things out of P.O.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214, and nobody's killed us yet.
Oh, no, no, that's too much trouble to go to.
Only if we kill somebody, or kill an animal, then you'll get upset.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Sick!
Sick!
This is not the Dallas show.
This is, this is KNON.
Wait, I'm Doug Smith.
Come on, let me be Doug Smith.
No, you said it was my turn to play.

Hey, listen, you were, last time you were on the air, you got to be Buck Henry, or whatever
that guy's name is.
I think this confusion breaks out when Bob's re-erection is evident.
Bob's come back to life.
No, don't worry.
He's killing everybody on the list, and your name's next!
Now, listen, I know this sounds funny, but this Bob, this creature, this werewolf monster,
I don't know how we're going to kill him.

He's got to have some vulnerable spot, and all we have to do is figure this out, and
then we can, well, we can find out its weakness, and we can kill him.
No, we must communicate with him.
He has much to teach us.
I don't know whatever's down in that pit.
It ain't human, and it ain't an animal.
But it's smoking a pipe.
Look at the glint on its hairdo.
Look, it's beckoning to us.
They're going to open up with 20 million...
I almost thought it was Ronald Reagan.
...powders.
Go ahead down in that pit.
Go down in that pit and communicate with it there, Mr. College Professor.
Oh my gosh, look what it's doing.
I guess that's why it's smoking that pit.
Uh, hi!
We bring you greetings from our civilization.
Oh, look at the kid.
Good morning.
Get them subdemus guys out.
What's up?
What happened, little fella?
What happened?
Slimy sub-glemuses.
What's Reverend saying out here in the Bay Area?
He was caught in that love nest with Reverend Gamey, and they made him a little












They made him leave Dallas.
They made him leave the Shining Temple of Bob.
Dr. Stan, could you hand me that giant light right there?
Everything I say is a lie, including this very statement.
Wow!
It's a fire light!
Yes, that's a light.
I need that light.
Yeah, did you ever stop to think that this show just may be a little...
A little animal show inside a larger show?
And that somehow is inside an even larger show?
Yeah, I had that same...
I had that same...




I had that same thing, too.
Hotel accommodations, but...
It's like someone's buying you out behind your back, and you don't even know it's a
swine.
No, we're buying you out from behind your back.
Are you really?
Well, no one's behind me.
Well...
Here's your back now, being bought out.
Well, I can't see.
It's behind me.
Well, never mind.
Would you look at...
Can someone see my back?
Camera three, Bob.
But let's leave things at that.





We'll leave things of this world behind and walk now down the path of Bob for this brief
minute of slack from the church of the subgenius.
And we find then the family falling apart.
Oh, they wail and gnash their teeth, our rival churches do, about how the children are getting
exposed to too much this and too much that.
What they ain't being exposed to is a little bit of mom and dad.
Forget the pornography.
I don't care.
It makes me mad, my friend.
The hypocrisy.
Now, I have nothing against hypocrisy.
Every religion must have its fair share of hypocrisy.
As Bob Dobbs once said, I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of man I'm
preaching to.
But that preacher can get up there on TV and oh, he's so glad to keep you normal, keep
you working so hard you don't even know your own wifey anymore.
And your kids, you don't know your kids any better than your employees.
So friend, let's get to work.
Let there be slack.
We love you dear friends and stay tuned for Robert Wisdom's American Music, the Muslim
Party, coming right up in less than 30 seconds.
I'm gonna get you in the car, I'm gonna make you a little crazy, I'm gonna make you a little

drive.
Ooh.
