Well, right now, this minute, I'm going to do something that may overthrow the entire radio business.
But I'm not going to say a word about laboratory tests or quote you statistics or make medical claims.
All I'm going to say simply and honestly is this.
Ladies and gentlemen, try, just try, the subgenius power of SWAT.
By the miracle of recording.
I'm not very good at singing songs, but here's a try.
Well, better make it quick, kiddo.
Ridiculous theory of evolution.
Well, better make it quick, kiddo.
Peace or annihilation.
What you see, D?
What you see, D?
I see some ball hit home.
Knowing that God has given us charge.
And we're going to take charge of that home right now.
I send the angel of the Lord.
I send right now power into that home.
I move back the foul spirits of opposition.
The lying spirits, the binding spirits.
I speak.
I rotate.
Don't ask any questions.
Just do as I say.
All right?
Ah, yes.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Righty there.
Righty, friend.
Quiet out there in the audience.
Quiet.
I can't hear myself think.
I said quiet out there.
And I mean quiet.
I claim this planet in the name of Mars.
Isn't that lovely?
Hey, check it out.
Bob Dobson from the Church of the Subgenius.
The almighty Bob.
Praise Bob.
Yeah.
Hi, this is Pat Paulson.
I just want to say that I endorse Bob as my running mate.
Thank you.

this year's election.
And this is the hour of slack in Dallas, Texas.
You know, I know where that is.
All right.
All right.
Hey.
Hi.
How are you?
Did you know that murder isn't fun?
Bob spelled backwards and still says Bob.
Hey, hey.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
And I thought my jokes were bad.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Boblandia, Boblandia, Boblandia.
Boblandia, Boblandia.
Welcome to Boblandia.
Bob left a legacy of lifelong ministry to students as former president of Bob University.
Today we hear a message.
The message is titled,
and is based on
Tonight I'm gonna give you a chronic.
You'd like to do chronic?
Word.
It's natural that the chronic should be set down twice.
Mighty, mighty beast.
This is the power in which you'll go up and
Oh, it's fat like slack.
That's why they're slackmatics.
Well, won't you try to be nice?
Don't throw a monkey wrench into the machinery.
Listen, young people.
Never think you come to Bob University.
That man's a real friend.
I had a boy say to me once years ago,
Bob, you like a weapon taken out of its scabbard, unsheathed and sharp.
You have to handle it carefully.
Young people, one thing is very sure.
A whale's a mammal.
Isn't it strange?
Gobbledygook rests against the very breast of a bathing princess.
Have you quit beating him?
Answer yes or no.
You have been beating him.
My friend, David, boy, shaft, and it goes in.
Down your throat, slack, frothing at the mouth, and blow a push.
Bob, Bob, oh Bob.
Bob, someone's Bob.
Someone's Bob.
Someone's Bob.
Bob, Bob, oh Bob.
Beach Party, Beach Party, it never stops.
I'm tired of this nightclub.
This band is so bad.
It never stops.
Why do I have to pay five dollars every night?
Beach Party, Beach Party, Beach Party.
Well, how many times do we have to play this worst song over and over and over?
Over and over and over and over again.
The biggest beach party.
Greetings.
He didn't like what was going on.
That's his tough luck.
I'm glad Daniel Thompson's on tonight.
Greetings.
How are you doing?
Hello.
You're on the air.
Yes, I'm glad that you're on.
That caller just made me kind of feel pretty bad, I think.
I'm glad that this is on instead of on.
That's okay.
That caller is within his rights.
I have taken undue liberty.
In preempting the Church of the Subgenius.
Is that a group?
No, it's a radio program.
Oh, it's a radio program.
Now that's what I want.
That's right.
I have sent for you, Dodgers, because we are facing a crisis.
The world supply of Illudium Fosdex, the shaving cream atom,
is a large...
...harmingly low.
Now we have reason to believe that the only remaining source is on Planet X.
Bob?
Bob?

Bob?
Bob?
Bob?






Simba?












The only cult they want to talk about is the Subgenius Foundation, the Church of
and Make
theて
THEN
on Project
The Thanks Har
и
Da
I got a funny feeling in my stomach.
I'm coming.
Oh, it's you.
Have you ever driven a Stangalini?
How many times I gotta tell you to stay away from me?
Did you say you'd always wanted to drive a Stangalini?
Shut up! Shut up, I tell you!
Will you shut up?
It's all Stang's fault and I've had enough.
Where's it that you're from?
Cleveland.
Cleveland.
Like Erie.
Erie.
Well, that doesn't explain why you've come all the way out here.
All the way out here to hell.
You're just as likely to find your own grave.
From hell's heart, I shall be.
For hate's sake, I spit my last breath at thee.
Oh, damn it, Will!
Ivan?
Ivan, are the two girls there?
What's going on?
Come on now.
Hey!
You'll have to excuse Ivan's manner.
He's very strong and sometimes forgets himself.
If you behave yourself, he'll not hurt you.
Hey, what are you going to do with us?
I'll first answer your other question and none of you will leave here.
Instead, you will help me in some very important work.
No one asked you here, but your curious nature will in turn aid me very much.
Look, what kind of a creep joint is this?
It's a place of research and discovery.
A place where science is free from the interference of stupid politicians.
Oh, yeah?
Well, you won't get away with it.
We've got some friends waiting for us.
When we don't show up, they're going to follow us out here looking for us
and they're going to bust up this whole weird place.
Please let us go.
We'll promise never to tell anyone about it.
I'm afraid that's impossible.
And as far as someone discovering this, that doesn't bother me in the least.
You'll have to excuse me now.
I have work to do.
Remember what I said.
Behave yourselves and you won't get hurt.
Come on.
Beware you men, where'er you go
The cherry tree must stand
The glory of God in the sky and sky above
The story of your fatherhood is threatened near at hand. The maiden who is smiling so is one to all your seed. And never was a maiden born to never know your need.
She'll wink her thoughts and let you know the lust that's on her mind. And use the devil's thrust to show you what you dream to find.
Save your flower for tomorrow. You never know what's apt to go through a tender maiden's head.
Save your flower for tomorrow. You never know what's apt to go through a tender maiden's head.
So save your flower for tomorrow. Many men have felt the ruin of the harlot's bed.
As you can see, so few like me remain unspoiled and pure. By virtue's fact, I am intact, unsoiled by passion's lure.
So when tempted...
As temptation calls to you, you must remember well. Adultery is the devil's tool for bringing you to hell.
When in the end desire's road has led you to its fork, it won't be hard if you're on guard and always salt your pork.
Save your flower.
Save your flower for tomorrow. You never know what's apt to go through a tender maiden's head.
So save your flower.
Save your flower.
Save your flower.
Soul food and fire is the answer.
Remember!
Don't воин in love with no reason, who are the
devil in зselder!
We have no force
We have no gratefulness
If we misfouIng by chance, dead 여기서 stanie.
In the world of mating habits I have seen it all and more
I see the 98 year old couple Lock their walkers right on this floor
I've seen communal carnal relations Nearly turn into a mob
But for a truly unique sensation You get to turn to Connie and Bob
Oh, it's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the church of subgenius
I've seen the mating of the iguana On the rocks is what they prefer
I've seen the mating of the iguana On the rocks is what they prefer
While the sloths just like to hang around Hoping something will occur
And though their rabbit is most unsteady He is always ready once more
But when it comes to Bob and Connie There's no way of keeping score
Oh, it's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the church of subgenius
La la la la la la
Ay!
A dragonfly has balance A black widow has panache
But Bob and Connie got their hands On each other's personal stash
And anaconda has got constriction And a crocodile has her grin
But Bob and Connie are the ones who are the best
And the true origin of sin
Oh, it's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the abyss
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the church of subgenius
La la la la la
Ay!
A dragonfly has balance
La la la la la
Ay!

La la la la la
Ay!
Bob and Connie
That's the whole point of today
No bueno, no bueno, no bueno Sorry that I get repetitive
Baby I'm in the dark
Sign by Sign by Sign

My heart is beating fast

I'll enjoy long chapter four
And I'll be behind you


I won't even be going for a sorrowful
Read this song getting my heroes stiff
Read and draw up the characters

You're prepared to get it on In Bob and Connie's name
Oh, it's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the obvious
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the Church of Subgenius
It's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the obvious
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the Church of Subgenius
It's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the obvious
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the Church of Subgenius
It's the miracle of the 90s It's the talk of all the obvious
It's the marriage of Bob and Connie In the Church of Subgenius
La la la la
Why calibrate chipped unhip indexes needlessly?
Forget that old whole mole mill dude wheezing and ill-wheeling vehicle cyclometer.
It's the innovation that needs no introduction.
Introducing the incredible invisible visualizer.
Imagine reactive or reductive transduction conducted individually for any given situation.
From simplistic to out-and-out ritualistic.
It's a tabulation fixation that's transforming a pixelated and fictitious nation.
Not a masturbation station, but a Haitian vacation situation
that's an integration of elation unrelated to inflation or any other type of conflagration.
Turnation!
How does it work?
The invisible visualizer indivisibly integrates individual,
integers intelligently.
No more messy office.
Mutilate that rebooted too-cute computer.
Fold that old, re-cocked calculator.
Spindle your boss and give him the talks.
Don't miss the piss dish.
No more nose mess.
Dental floss crossed off.
It's the revamp champion.
Ample-chapped apple samples for cramped grandma hampers.
Yes!
Trim fur-fat feces from creased, greasy leeches or smooth and teasy peaches.
Replaces braces in all sorts of places without traces in hundreds of cases.
And look, set fire to it, it consumes itself.
Tantamount to industrial sabotage.
Savage grace?
It can be yours instantly.
The invisible visualizer balances the biometric forces behind most divorces.
Yins the yang chain between the brain and the anus.
And double bonus, removes the onus betwixt animation and animus.
Plus, double fucked on the bus or in the crux between waxed biscuits or extra crust.
It does the thinking for you.
Now how much would you pay?
But wait, there's more.
Order now and receive an extra ounce of Bob's Blessing on every steak you eat for the next 16 years.
That's every steak, diseased or not.
Plus the handsome penguin replica scissors that we talked about earlier.
My invisible visualizer.
The visualizer gave my tweezers the breeze.
Now my unibrow intimidates the dentist and gets me bumped up in line at the supermarket.
Thanks to the all-seeing fourth eye of my invisible visualizer, I replace lunch with hunch and now I'm always in control of everything.
Remember, if everybody on the planet gets just one invisible visualizer, we will all live as gods and peace and tranquility will reign on Earth for thousands of years.
But until then, why not get your own and completely rule in every conceivable way over your foolish friends and neighbors who are too stupid to get one themselves.
Through this once in a lifetime TV offer. Order yours today.
An ignorant cowboy went out on a spree. And oh what an ignorant cowhand was he.
He had a few drinks and his head was a whirl. And he ended up in the arms of a girl called Katie.
That ignorant cowboy.
That ignorant cowboy.

That ignorant ignorant cowboy.
Now that cowboy was awfully handsome they say. As I'm sure he could tell from his mirror each day.
But many weeks later one morning he saw a rash on his face and he cried with a roar. What is it?
That ignorant cowboy.
That ignorant ignorant cowboy.
That cowboy was worried and fretted and frowned.
And he went to his medicine.
And he found some wonderful tonic that must have been hot.
Supposed to be good for whatever you got.
And he took it.
And he took it.
That ignorant cowboy.
That ignorant ignorant cowboy.
Now that cowboy each morning he washed his face.
Hey cowboy.
And then.
Hey are you previewing me.
Hey I was going to ask you a question very quick.
Quick.
Unequivocally.
Uh huh.
Have you ever heard of the phrase Millie Whiffer?
What?
Have you ever heard of the phrase Millie Whiffer?
Millie Whicker?
Millie Whiffer.
Millie Whicker.
Why you're a Millie Whiffer?
It's like the Lily Livert or something like that.
It's one of those old time phrases.
No.
You don't know it.
No.
No.
Well you see in the old days when they marketed bicycles back in about 100 years ago.
They would be marked Monsieur.
Monsieur.










Or Manzel.
And the M S would just be Monsieur.
And Manzel would be marked M L L E.
And so that name became termed Millie Whiffer for guys to go around smelling young girls
bicycle seats.
Oh.
Oh because they were sniffing the whiff.
They were whiffing the me.
The Millie.
Yeah.
They were whiffing Millie.
The Millie.
Yeah.
The Millie's seat.
And it's the truth.
I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry Dave.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm getting mentally depressed when I get this moment.
You see the wolves taking to licking my garbage vessels and everyone is going to skew.
And I turned to the church of sub genius.
Well that's what you should do.
I don't know why.
That's what you.
That isn't the thing to do when things are all askew.
Lonesome cowboy Dave.
Some of the best wolf repellent you'll find.
Yes.
Yes.
Hey, did you hear that song we were just playing called The Ignorant, Ignorant Cowboy?
No?
I heard the end of it.
It sounded a little Bob Wills-ish.
I mean...
It was for real.
But I can't remember who it was that sang it.
But I do know that the song called The Marriage of Bob and Connie was done by Victoria Ganger and Revelry.
And that other song about the maidenhead was from the movie Greaser's Palace.
And the collages were by Lemur, The Large, Purple Johnson Blip Situation, Reverend Rosna, Noral Preff, me.
And the song Boblandia was by Our Grandkids.
And we also heard the two-year-old Lily Drummond going, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And the ads, those two incredible ads, but one incredible ad was by Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
There, that's the credits.
Well, that sounds like a raucous Valhalla tombstone, whooping, whooping, butt-kicking credit list if I ever heard one.
You've got descendants of your loins in there somewhere singing songs.
And I think that's...
My little castratos.
They're going to be members of the subgenius choir forever.
Forever and ever.
I thought they were actual hound dogs that had their hairs braided.
No, that was the last show.
Hey, did you hear Pat Paulson?
We actually had a recording of Pat Paulson.
There's a second take of it, too, coming up later.
Was it politically revealing or did he ex-park the tunerate?
He was talking about how great The Hour of Slack was because he listened to it in Dallas.
Sort of.
So he's still around?
I thought he had...
No, he died 30 years ago.
But The Hour of Slack was around that long.
30 years ago.
And cellophane heroes never really die.
Yeah.
Wow, 30 years on the hook.
Well, no, actually, I don't think he died 30 years ago, but he died a long time ago,
and yet we still have a show promo from him because that's how close to death we are, I suppose.
Yeah, but we all are.
It's so sad.
Perhaps.
The graveyard of subgenius brains.
So sad.
Smelly land.
Where the subgenius...
Who discarded glands and puffers and pieces of brains that don't fit to other people's brains.
It's where the subgenius glands go to die.
And dance!
Yeah, that's where the subgenius brains go to die, dance with the glands and hold hands and run rings and circles around the cows.
Stop telling me that thing.
It's a place where there's a lot of refuseniks and a lot of small children who just want to play.
Paralysis is a hard thing to deal with, but we want them to get out there and do the best they can
and show that they're patriotic, God-loving kids.
We maimed those orphans so that they would raise more money begging.
Named and maimed by the churches.
Right, yeah, right.
We gave them their names and we gave them their maims.
We maimed them so that they could hobble up to tourists and go,
I say, we're slaves of Bob, could you like give us some cutter?
And, you know, they felt so sorry.
Anybody know, guy? Anybody know, guy?
The subgenius ministers like blinded me, so I need money to give back to the subgenius ministers so they can blind more of us.
Why, certainly, son. Here, I'll flip this penny into your can. Clinkety-clinkety.
Is that where the song On and Off the Road with Bob originates?
Yeah.
No, no, that's the guy.
It was sung by the little blinded castrato bleepo.
Playing a one-string violin, crying and laughing simultaneously,
with a shilling cup on one side and a guinea cup on the other side.
And a colostomy bag hanging from his side, his left side.
Me? Yes.
But they saved the contents, you see.
A monogrammed colostomy bag used by many, many people in many circumstances.
We recycle our colostomy bag stuff here.
Well, a good scrubbing helps everything.
Well, it goes with that wonderful new invention, the diverter, which we all have hooked up to our throats,
so that we can either swallow the food into our stomach or chew it up, taste it, and divert it into a little bag so we can taste it again later.
Or sell it, or, you know, give it to the urchins or the orphans.
I would like to throw up now.
Well, don't do it.
Well, save it. Make sure you do it in a little bag.
And don't use a dirty bag, because we don't want to, you know, make anybody sick.
No.
Reselling your revomited, uh, anal fissure tissue droppings.
Right.
To quote Sterno. And I'm quoting Professor Sterno-Dox on that.
I think I'll just bow out of the rest of this conversation. Thank you.
You said you were going to throw up.
I thought you were contributing.
Yeah, super diaphragm intact, baby. This ain't time for a sexual revolution or something like that there.
Well, maybe it is. How loose is your diaphragm, Princess Weave?
Is it ready for a sexual revolution?
No.
Come on. Come on. Don't be a square. What are you, a pink boy? You afraid your mom's going to find out?
You got eye problems? Look, see, now listen. Now watch, you know.
Everybody cool is doing it. Come on, jump off that cliff.
Yeah, you know.
You know you want to try it. Stick your finger right in there as far as it'll go.
Now pull back real, real hard. Yeah. Dangerous times for dangerous livers.
Smoke your own pine and put it at the timely place of your own purchase.
One point.
Uh, Palmer Vrede's dad one time when he was a teenager said that famous line, you know,
Well, if all your friends were going to jump off a cliff, would you do it too?
Just to be like them? And Paul said, I was the one who gave him the idea to jump off a cliff.
Well put.
And as a putter, he is pretty reckless, I must say. Especially, you know, the tomb robbing.
Down there in Santa Clara or Santa Cruz or someplace.
I don't know anything about it because I'm not on Facebook like you, Dave.
Well, I have no face.
And you know it because that's one of my secret minutes.
I'm talking about the funeral camp powers available now for a limitless time.
You got some power, you say. What?
No, it's a, well it's an extract. Let's just call it a kind of a form of a...
It's an extract. It's a blend of different things.
Uh huh.
That do, can, or may not. Or...
And are you selling this blend of things?
I think the Food and Drug Administration might be interested to know about that, Dave.
I am not doing that. I am crunching that little baby, tiny little bitch and brewing it and drinking it as my tea.
Just for yourself, but you're not sharing it with the orphans or selling it to the rubes?
Or having the orphans sell it to the rubes?
The orphans and the rubes are in it together.
No, no, we are in it together with the orphans.
The rubes are, by definition, not in it with anybody except each other.
You are the Puppet Master. You are the dangler of strings.
And those are the two other vessels of alacrity.
Puppet Master.
For the poor. What do you say of them?
In the Dickens type of way and stuff. Orphanages?
Have we not made plenty of orphanages?
I like that title, Puppet Master. I don't care about the orphanages.
I just want...
I like...
The idea of pulling the strings.
Of the Puppet.
Pull the strings.
And considering the source. Pulling the strings and considering the source.
You know, the vowel.
The Puppet Master, yeah.
Yes, the Puppet Master.
Because it's okay to say poop, right?
I guess that depends on the context, doesn't it?
It all depends on the context.
It's cute.
As long as it's in the right context.
What a bizarre idea.
Even the word poop can see as being cute if you put it in a not-so-cute context.
Or shove it up a not-so-cute place.
Or take a nice plastic bag, Ziploc style, put it in there and carry it around as a good luck charm wherever you go.
Or sell it with the colostomy bag contents as a matching suit.
Except...
Before and after.
For the rubes and the tourists who come to see...
Oh, look, there's a subgenius foundation building.
Or at least that's what that man over there said.
That's such a big skyscraper.
They're even bigger than Scientology.
I know Reverend Ivan Sang, you know.
I used to hang around with those guys in the subgenius skyscraper in Dallas.
Why are you laughing?
Why are you laughing at me?
Why are you laughing at me?
Who's that man with the gray beard who's staring at me?
I remember the walrus meat, and it was profound to all.
What? Walrus meat?
Now you got my attention.
Well, because do you remember that one summer,
that happy day summer we spent in Reykjavik?
Of course not.
We listened to Bjork's song, and we took a donkey ride,
but there weren't any in any entire country.
So we had to kind of, you know, make it up,
like you do with the game you play,
that you start interacting to the point where you, you know.
So, you know.
Let's not even get into the game I play.
No, I don't want to, because...
You wouldn't be able to get out.
You'd be like me.
You'd be trapped.
I'd be trying to think of funny things to say,
and then you'd repeat them, which made them not funny anymore.
And then I'd get real depressed,
and I'd start looking at the barbiturate table,
and the people under the counter.
They're everywhere.
Even out here in American solstice land.
There's people under the counter everywhere?
Oh, yeah.
Under the barbiturate table?
Wait a minute now.
This is going a little too far.
This is getting a little too way out there.
Yeah, like the FCC's going to come by sometime.
And the FDA.
And the IRS.
And the Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms.
They're all going to show up.
And the MSDLA.
And the Projection Institute of America.
At your doorstep.
Looking for your grandfather.
They know what your grandfather did.
And he may have been in his grave low these many years.
But you're going to have to pay for his sins, Dave.
What if that was on one of your prerequisites?
You had to sign up and stuff like that.
Did you know your grandfather was a bowling pin setter at a bowling alley?
Or did you know that your grandfather, to make money in the 1952s,
had to work selling things to orphans and refugees?
And dildos?
Are you talking about what the police are going to be asking my grandchildren?
Yeah, they'll know about your...
No, they'll know about your grandfather.
Boblandia, Boblandia, Boblandia.
And the difference being you're a happy, honest, nice, friendly granddad.
And your grandfather was a moonshiner.
Well, that's not all he was.
He was also a preacher.
And a...
A lawyer.
All my grandfathers were preachers and lawyers.
All my great-grandfathers were.
Yeah, and he had extremely long by-conferences.
Or judges.
He used to bite people on the throat, too.
Except for the one who was a senator.
The one...
The senate...
The line of the stangs that were politicians all became alcoholic suicides.
That haven't killed themselves yet.
They just call Pappy up every hour.
But my line of the stangs would really, honestly, we all...
All of us.
All of us descended on the male sides, each side, from preachers.
Yes, preachers.
Yes.
And in some cases, preachers like me, the kind of preachers that preach against preaching.
Which is a hard job to hold, actually.
It is.
And it's...
Think of the shtick, ladies and gentlemen.
People out there, Lodgers and Germans, whatever you want to call yourself, if you haven't
already called yourself up for the E-Way stuff.
Just think of the work required of the reverend.
Just think of the work required of the reverend.

I mean, Ivan Stang, your postmaster in general.
Yeah.
He has to write these speeches.
So I think that's the harder, because he's a true artist.
He's just looking for a framework.
And from signposts once in a while, he gets his shtick together and stuff.
And every freaking appearance, he's got to do the same thing.
But it's got to be completely different.
So now it's got to be completely different.
Even though it's the same saying, hey, look at Bob up there with the big hat.
Yeah.
Big hat.
Big hat.














Well, he's an artist.


You've got to come up with some real quick σ.







You've got to go to one of these before.
I didn't.
And people think this is easy.
It took me like an hour to write the script that Dave just read in one and a half minutes.
I work hard on these things.
It just comes off like it's just this nonchalant stream of consciousness fly-by-night rip-off.
But really, we put a lot of time and money.
And there's, I mean, millions were spent on this script for each hour of slack.
Yeah, right.
But if you were an actual guild member, you could charge time and a half for all the stuff
when you were right in the middle of a sentence that you were writing when you were doing
your script.
And you decided to go out and get some coffee and get frogged.
I am a guild member.
And you write that off and say, well, I had to do something.
And you justify it and stuff in the studio still gives you $1,500 for that week just
for coming up with a stupid idea that nobody will ever see.
Hear or listen to.
Now, come on, Dave.
You're shadowboxing.
You just described your own job, right?
Hey, does anybody you work with know that you're like a cowboy at all or on a religious
radio broadcast?
I would hope they wouldn't.
Many of them would think it was a sacrilegious broadcast.
Well, they'd be right.
They would appreciate this.
I think it's a bit of a sophomoric humor because it is very much like having to work in a laboratory
with a thousand other little microbiota.
You know, things like the things you look at in the microscopes.
They have hairs.
Some of them have teeth.
You know, they all have partial human parts and stuff.
And the rest of them looks like it's a spinny worm thing.
Oh, I guess that answers my question whether Dave's co-workers know about his secret life.
Princess, we worked for the same people for almost 30 years.
And they...
They never knew any of her political or peace action stuff or her charitable works or her
folk band or her festival of devil worshipers.
And you know why?
Because they weren't interested and never asked.
And unlike most people, she didn't insist on telling her life story to all of her co-workers.
Although you said in, in, in a number of times, it's insufficient number of times to mark the fact that what
was really wrong was they weren't invited.
Right.
We didn't say, look to my, uh, my house.
When they were going, well, now that I've said every, bragged about everything I did this weekend,
what did you do, Princess Wee?
No, that never happened.
Never.
Never.
At no point did anyone ever say, what was your weekend like?
Because they had not finished saying what their weekend was like
before it was time for lunch and then to go home.
Yeah.
And that's the, the trouble with the world today.
When we look into the vast future and stuff, we see nothing ever changing in the direction that it's gone.
It's conspiracy slavery.
And this is a true thing.
It's one of the few tiny little minuscule, tiny few truths that you ever portended in your career as a subgenius maestro.
Was the fact that you could go home.

Everything.
And you're a slave.
And you really, really, really have to try to slack off somehow.
It doesn't matter how you found your head against the wall.
If you take an electric socket and stick it in your eye, if that's what wakes you up, do it.
But, you know, you got to get some.
Not available everywhere.
Only old people say that, talk that way nowadays.
Dave, you're so old, you're just revealing how old you are.
Which is really, really old.
You mean the angry attitude type of thing?
Yeah, oh, everything's bad.
Oh, nothing changed.
Everything's bad all the time.
These new movies are all so terrible.
These new bands, everything's bad.
No, you're just old.
That's all it is.
Nothing.
If things have not gotten any worse, just you.
I mean, I'm speaking for all aging old people.
Oh, yeah.
Fools.
When I say that.
Present company included.
So you're saying I've always been old?
Because I've always had this bad attitude?
I think when I was 19, I was trying to stop it.
Right.
Yeah, when you were 19, you thought you could do something about it.
Then you give up on doing anything about it.
And then you pretty much try to tell everyone else not to do anything about it.
Because nothing can ever change.
And everything's bad now.
And rap isn't really music.
And blah, blah, woof, woof.
I've heard that routine, that drill so many times, I'm starting to disagree with it.
You know, just to be cantankerous.
Just to be rebellious.
I can't say I disagree with you at all because I don't espouse that view.
I find much of modern rap music quite delightful.
I find it.
That was just an example.
People are getting closer to the truth.
But no.
That was just an example.
I'm just, I'm actually griping at all of my peers who can't get with the hip new trip these days.
Know what I'm saying?
Now, Princess Wee had a job where she had to work despite her bosses.
Her bosses would prevent her from working by incessantly bragging from the moment they walked into the office late
to the time when they finally let her in.
And she would desperately be trying to get, you know, and this was at a county place that controls the weather.
So she'd be desperately trying to get the blizzard to move out or to get the warm weather in or the rain if that was what you needed.
But her bosses would all be like, well, you can do that later.
Now, hold on a second.
I didn't finish telling you about that time I burned all the hair off this hog this weekend.
Did you see that commercial?

Where that lizard talks on the phone?
That's just, that's most people's work day.
I thought the part about the burning the hair off a hog was far more succinct and developed than the one about the lizard that talks on the phone.
Which is probably because you're old.
You thought of that.
Because you're super extra old, you thought of burning the hog off of a lizard.
Which, that hasn't been done in like 3,000 years.
No, Dave.
Actually, what I was trying to do was build up to playing a commercial.
Which is, I'm not going to do that.
Which I'm going to do right now.
Here's a commercial.
Is it the hops toasted frop or the frop toasted hops?
It doesn't even matter anyway.
Because once you taste that taste that can't possibly be real, you'll be hooked on beer god beer worse than that bull mouth flounder just wrapped its lips around that bacon wrapped double barb.
And Betty ain't looking.
Why?
Because I'm sucking on a beer god, baby.
Hey, Connie, toss me another.
Yes, whether it's with cigarettes, weenies, or weesas.
Beer god beer goes with everything.
Oh, and we do mean everything.
Wow, beer god beer is out of this world.
Oh, damn.
With beer god beer smack dab in your fist.
Beer god.
The tastes that don't exist.
Beer god, the thirst fucker.
Available at all beer god liquor marts and dob stores.
Just look for the topless tiki bonsai, Chaz.
Hi, this is Pat Paulson.
I'd like to endorse Bob as my running mate in this year's election.
Bob's a lot of, well, he's not fun.
But anyway, this is the hour of slack in Dallas, Texas.
One of my shoes got cow stuff on them.
Yeah.
See, I told you, that was Pat Paulson.
He's still with us.
I missed half of that because of the, you remember when you grow a really elongated snout sometimes when you get behind the keyboard there and you look like a fan of the extrusion?
No, that's not why you missed it, Dave.
Oh, you just, you cut me off?
No, you missed it because you were snoring.
You fell asleep, didn't you?
We can hear you.
You see, when I pot you down, we can still hear you no matter how much pot you're on.
We can hear you huffing and puffing on your, what do you kids call that stuff now?
Trap door?
The new, the really strong stuff they call it?
That's what they do.
They call it trap door.
It's like, hey, man, are you through the trap door yet?
Oh, yeah.
I'm like, the floor just fell right out from under me.
What's the trap door?
Have you heard of a crocodile?
You heard of crocodile, right?
That's some kind of false conspiracy street drugs.
Yes.
That makes your skin disappear.
Yes.
But it makes one's skin look like a crocodile.
Do you know where your therapy gets you?
But what's trap door?
Is that real?
Crocodile?
Crocodile?
I didn't know.
Dave wants to know if trap door is real.
The guy who is permanently through the trap door is asking us if trap door is real.
Dave, how do you think this happened to you?
What do you think you did about 20, whatever, about 40 minutes ago?
You smoked some of the trap door and this is all happening in your head.
You're not on the phone.
I'm not on the radio.
None of this is happening outside of your dreamland, dude.
We've been telling you this for hundreds of years on these shows.
Well, it's a lot to learn in two or three or four or five brief episodes.
I just simply can't absorb it sometimes.
And that's why I was trying to get your reasons for using that phrase, which is so beautiful.
Trap door, it's just described so much.
And yet you led me all astray after that.
You led me back to 45 minutes ago.
And the trap door is fresh.
That's when you smoked too much of the trap door.
But I didn't smoke any doors or anything.
It's like the Pinks and the Bobbies are so, they're trying so hard to be cool.
I'm smoking some of the Kine Bud.
It's not Kine.
Kine from Hawaii.
And Jack Herrer across the G13.
But they've never even heard of the trap door.
Because only the super nerds know.
Only the super cool people can get the trap door.
You have to know the right audio engineers to get the trap door.
Exactly.
And I can find all the great humbugs of the Habsburg Empire.
And I'll make them wear those fancy riding pants and the gallows and stuff.
And have people say, see, you know, we're running out of rope.
And then watch the trap door spring.
You could, but you won't.
Wait a minute.
I thought I was Bakunin in 1914.
I take that all back.
See what I mean?
He did too much.
Too much of the trap door.
That'll be the title for this show, Through the Trap Door.
There we go.
That's why when we wear this, this is not a Fellini movie.
This is why we have to wear actual grip tight boots.
Every part of the soles of our feet are covered with these tiny little, miniscule little variations
and clasps and stuff that cling to snow, any type of ice, and make sure that we don't get








caught in the snow.
And that's why I refuse to be a producer on this film.
Well, I'm so glad you brought that up, Dave, because it is cold.
At the time that we're recording this show and where we're recording this show, it's
maybe zero degrees.
More like six below.
More like zero below.
That's how far, but I mean, it's the next zero.
The next zero below.
That's how cold it is.
It's the next zero below.





It froze the clock in the radio station.
It froze the waves on the lake to so ... It froze it so hard that the water droplets even
freeze right in thin air, and they're still suspended in thin air.
It's that cold.
Yes.
You can walk up to water droplets that look like little marbles suspended in the air and
flick them with your finger, and it'll hurt your finger, because they're frozen in place
in thin air.
Indeed.
It's that cold.
Because it can't be frozen.
It can't really tell what's in that ice mist either, so it's really good for your lungs.
Take a big, big breath.
Don't worry about the frostbite on your lungs per se.
Worry about the carcass.
I think everything's frozen out of the air except for the oxygen.
There's no hydrogen in our air anymore.
It's completely dried out, and it's made my skin as if I was on Crocodile.
I cannot breathe that air.
I must put a scarf over my face.
Isn't it true, Princess Wee?
My skin is covered with crocodile-like scales due to the...
He does have crocodile hands.
Yeah, because of the trapdoor and the cold weather.
Right.
Hey, you guys, I've got a great idea.
Since we're all being transported to Silesia tomorrow, let's all go take a shower together.
That's what the guards are telling us to do anyway.
There'll be no smoking in the gas chamber, please.
She's like, that's gallows humor, because that's what's happening right now.
Okay.
It's a Jimi Hendrix line, actually.
I think he probably got it from somebody.
Probably somebody said it at a party.
No smoking in the gas chambers.
And Hendrix wrote it down.
Wow, that's a good line.
And made a little note on his piece of paper in his pocket, like the ones I have in my
pocket.
But I haven't made any notes tonight, Dave, because there was nothing worth writing down.
You can go out by the loading dock.
See what I mean?
That's it.
That's an example of nothing to write down.
Here's the contents of my latest notepad.
Milk, eggs, butter, and Commander Perry don't give up the slip.
Getting a little Ohioed out, aren't you there, with your Commander Perry don't give up the
slip routine?
Well, it's the best bang for your buck.
It's 7.5.
That was a slip of the tongue, you know, dear, because it is don't give up the sip.
That's right.
Don't give up the sip.
But you had a slip of the tongue.
Well, I knew that.
He knew that.
He meant to do that.
I did that on purpose.
I thought it was true.
I meant to do that.
Yeah.
I meant to do that.
See, slip of the tongue.
I knew that instead of sip.
Because, you know, I wouldn't make a mistake.
I meant to do that.
In my greasy little manicured brain, I was thinking, what a brilliant night.
I'm going to sleep.




I'm going to have a great night.
And I was thinking about what great Stang was having with his, you know, talking about
tumors and vessels and all that stuff.
And it turned out it was a real ass flip or something.
And do you have a gland scaped brain, Dave?
Yes, I do.
My pineal.
I even have a little resort there that I've been going to for many years now.
Pineal sands.
It's a place where you can get lost in the woodwork.
That sounds so romantic.
Pineal sands.
Oh, I love pineal sands.







I'd like to perhaps bring a Cub Scout troop along and accompany me one night.
Do we get to bring brownies too?
Oh, yes, of course.
Hey, bring the trap door.
I'm there, dude.
I'm so there.
I am so there.
Hey, do our listeners know that this is not just a radio show, this thing called the Hour
of Slack, but it is merely one tentacle of a gigantic continent-spanning squidpus called
the Church of the Subgenius, of which you can actually be a member, a minister, an ordained
minister who can perform actual legal weddings.
It is a publishing company which has produced many, many pages of reading material and even
a few books that are...
You're welcome.
...increasingly hard to find, although we can find one of them for you still.
There was somebody trying to get ahold of...
There was a guy leaving...
You are absolutely correct, 100% correct.
The Holy Spirit is with you.

And the place to go to win your prize, to claim the prize that you have won,
is subgenius.com on the internet.
Subgenius.com.
And that is where you can find out about the books and the ordainment and the gold card.
What is the book that the guy was trying to find?
You were just starting to say.
What is the book?
Well, actually, a fellow's been trying to get me to pick up the phone to sell him the subgenius role-playing game,
the Inwo subgenius game from Steve Jackson Games, because he heard that we just came out with this game.
And we did just come out with it in 1995.
And you can still find copies for, I think, $85.
Our friend Michael Murth is the only person who sells those.
That's how I first found out about the church.
Wow.
God, what a nerd.
Dr. Sinister is the biggest nerd in town.
I didn't even hear about role-playing games until I got in the church of the subgenius.
And there you have the helix of the, you know.
Helix, the cat.
The wonderful, wonderful cat.
Actually, it is a spiral, not a helix.
It's at the nexus of the helix.
Helix.
The helix movement there.
What's the guy's name again?
Richard Strauss.
Wagner.
Not Strauss.
He was the waltz king.
I know.
Okay, I did that on purpose.
We're going to, we have to play a song now because it's the end of the show now, Dave.
Well, you should definitely play the Riders of Valkyries because I feel like a teutonic 19.
It's so nice and cold out there.
I'm glad to die.
No, Dave.
No.
No.

Please don't die.
I'm going to go out in the snow and pee-pee my pants and fall asleep.
No.
Don't pick up any of those little green icicles that you find behind Dave as he walks across the snow.
Don't bring them indoors.
Just leave them in the cold.
No, Dave.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, you're not going to rip up any precious works of art.
You're not going to confine yourself to, you know, causing too many fires.
Or making people have tuberculosis or any other measles or something like that.
No.
We're going away now.
They said in unison.
Look into my eyes.
What do you trust?
The church of the subgenius.
I know your slant.
I know your trap.
I've been everything so spit and cuss.
I'm the church of the subgenius.
Like Pope Yumi and Reverend Stang.
Church of the subgenius.
Church of the subgenius.
Church of the subgenius.
Dr. Howe.
Princess Queen.
Mr. E-M-E-M-E.
The dreamer will crash the next, next thing.
You don't have to talk like me.
Only you can teach me.
I smell the things you need to be.
Church of the subgenius.
I explore you.
Don't make a fuss.
I tell you one and one and one makes a fuss.
I'm the church of the subgenius.
Like J.R. Bob Dobbs and Old Festus.
I'm the church of the subgenius.
Church of the subgenius.
Church of the subgenius.
Come, dance for me.
I revrations ameryry.


Looking towards my mouth, I know a red鐘,
It is the confusion at the right of the unchangeable.
You shiver with a crush.


BBB, BBB!

Please don't keep me quiet.

Okay.
Dr. Paul
Princess Queen
Mr. Lemur
Lemur
Lemur
Will crash the next
Next game
You don't have
To
Follow me
Only
You
Can
Be
Free
You
Gave me
Frock
You gave me
Slap
You gave me
Power
From
Bob
Bob's
Ball
Sack
I'm
Every
Person
You need
To be
So
Get
On
The
Bus
Bus
Bus
Don't
Need
To
Discuss
Much
I'm
The
Church
Of
The
Sub
Genius
I'm
The
Church
Of
I'm
The
Church
Of
I'm
The
Church
Of
The
Sub
Genius
