You have no choice. You must obey. Obey. Obey. Obey the mechanical voice. Do not step off the assembly line. Do not step off the production line. Do not slow down. Obey. Obey. Obey.
Obey the mechanical voice.
Summit Genius Power Balls Black
From PR News in Washington, I'm Shlack.
The National Guard is airlifting washed-out anti-government activists in Canada,
visiting rebel leaders in New Jersey blamed for more than billions of deaths and nearly a dozen child sexual assaults.
A 13-year-old boy is also vowing that its armed rebels will be merged into water in Washington.
Far out a major hit.
Dear Ben Laden, please take me now.
But you can never have what's inside my perverted, sick, demented head!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I can't
repeats until he fails
half a moon and half a god
a man's not made of steel
twist away
now twist and shout
the earth there moves too slow
but the earth is all we know
we pay to play the human way
twist away the gates of steel
twist away the gates of steel
twist away the gates of steel
Man is Real
A man is real
That's how I feel
Ah, the commercial break.
You know, commercials are now woven into the tapestry of our lives,
answering the questions we first pose to ourselves.
Who am I? What do I believe? What is my worth?
Before commercials, these questions were merely rhetorical and thus unanswerable.
But when viewed through the magnifying lens of commercials,
these questions, like all others, yield answers.
Imagine, no more wondering about identity, self, or beauty.
If you allow your life to reflect images in commercials,
the nagging doubts and feelings of inadequacy will fall away,
leaving the person you've always dreamed of
confident, assured, bold, or beautiful, sexy, loved.
Yes, America, you love your commercials, and why shouldn't you?
Commercials are themselves lovers.
Gentle are their words. Tender their caress.
Commercials know what you like, and they want to give it to you.
Attuned only to your wants and needs, commercials stir the passions and arouse desire.
Commercials give and give, reaching lovingly deep inside of you,
creeping tentatively at first and then relenting into a singly-focused writhing,
searching out the source of your ache, pushing fiercely into your loneliness
and into a spot you never knew existed.
Commercials fill you up with hopes and dreams, with new desires and new possibilities,
delivering you into an eerily delirious ecstasy.
Afterward, you'll sleep as only someone who's been completely satisfied can,
only vaguely sensing the arm of commercials draped over your body,
holding you, keeping you safe and secure.
And you'll dream of ballroom dancing, of game-winning home runs, of first kisses,
and of commercials.
And the eternity, at last, is this.
Shaggy Parasol Bear
Ballerina Bear
Western Cowboy Bear
Navy Sailor Bear
Shaggy Parasol Bear

Baby Bears
Baby Bears
Baby Bears
Baby Bears
Shaggy Parasol Bear
Ballerina Bear
Western Cowboy Bear
Navy Sailor Bear
Shaggy Parasol Bear
Ballerina Bear
Western Cowboy Bear
Navy Sailor Bear
Shaggy Parasol Bear
Ballerina Bear
Western Cowboy Bear
Navy Sailor Bear
Shaggy Parasol Bear
Ballerina Bear
W inappropriate
colonies
ุ
thattrail
by Lee Carlton.
Gates of Steel, the Devo classic,
was done by House of Sectionals.
And the Lymphnode Institute
from Bob's Slack Funhouse on WREK Atlanta
did that commercials bit that was so great.
But now the new Rudy Schwartz Project album.
Look at these taters.
Look at these taters, Mr.
Look at these taters.
I think they just got on the ground.
Harper Brown, he parked his plow,
came running out from the barn.
First in patient desperation,
present in patient desperation.
And he ran the screen door,
slammed saliva dripping from his mouth.
Coming, flaring, nostrils flaring,
dimples booming, britches dropping.
Mrs. Brown, she knew the score.
Seen it several times before.
Threw her apron on the floor
and shot right out that kitchen door.
Taters are going to sprout.
Taters are going to sprout.
Taters are going to sprout.
Taters are going to sprout.
Got these daughter taters in a barn that's not too far.
Taters are going to sprout.

You're a good amount of use.
Well that's more like it
than you put her out of herぼ Telomere.
Taters are going to sprout.
Swoosh, swish.
Wanna see the ghost?
Taters are going to sprout!
Twivities, twos, thumbs up!

roadmap nose,
millimeter?
Taters want to get estavausha.

Turn on your earphones.


And look at all these taters!
Happy Halloween!

Well, good thing someone's gone.
Oh!
Moisture can promote conversion
Starch and sugar
Starch and sugar
Starch and sugar
Starch and sugar
Starch and sugar
Starch and sugar
Starch and sugar
Which will easily
Disroutes
Darkish grey crevices
And not holes form on soft
Gossamer coated rocks of
Yukon gold
From these crevices tiny growths
Appear permeated with
Toxicity
But case in point
Aunt Mavis went down to the cellar to fetch some
And bumped her head on cedar
Planking
God damn you grandpa
When you gonna fix these blasted stairs
Woman could crack a bone
Fetch it comestibles
Groping for pickles and confiture
Mavis was surprised
To find the polenta in cold storage
Hell
It'd been years since they'd switched to cornmeal
And she wasn't getting any younger
Only then
Did she stumble across the tater sack
And the milky tentacles
Poking from within
Told her
These taters had
Done gone to sprout
1, 2, 3, 4
To keep the
сам
To get out of here
1, 2, 3, 4
Clicks 1, 2, 2, 3, 4, 5
Thank you.
Thank you.
Dale ain't seen his birth certificate.
Hey, look.
Opie's all grown up.
Ah, yes, dear
friends, and we're back with
the subgenius radio ministry
hour of slack, hopefully
with Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
This is Charles Weatherby at the downtown
Mugbitt waiting the
execution of the new commandant
to the Reverend
Ivan Spinks.
And, uh, Princess,
we are the queen of all
the UFOs.
She's with us tonight.
And, uh, with the theme
music of slam-bang theater
in the background to get me...
Hey, Icky.
Quiet, I can't hear an audience.
Quiet, I can't hear myself think.
Quiet, I can't hear myself think.
Now what the hell are you talking about?
Quiet!
Is that Icky Twerp?
That was the voice of
Icky Twerp, the
late Icky Twerp. He was, uh,
the children's show host that I
listened, watched every day
after school. He played the Three Stooges
and Popeye and Warner
Brothers cartoons, and that's why we're
subgeniuses.
It's heartwarming to hear his voice in the background,
especially under this music
or, you know, right now above
this music, wherever he's hovering.
It's like so many of those, um,
stars of the past of the late
night or late afternoon
shows. They're still with us.
They're geared towards kids. They're still with us.
They won't freaking leave.
They won't, they're not dead. They're hanging
around in your front yard looking for beer.
Or money to buy it.
This music in the background
is Little Jack Melody
and his Young Turks.
Little Jack Melody sounds
obscene. No, it doesn't.
Well, it'd be like if you were singing
to yourself when you were compulating with an orange
or something. You have a dirty, dirty
filthy, filthy
mind, London Cowboy.
Twisted and misted.
I thank you so very much for the compliment.
Twisted.
My body, uh,
well, my body is as dirty as my mind.
Yes, please don't mention your body.
I ate just a little while ago.
Well, I'm close to a mirror
and I also ate, so I'll have to watch
my step. Oh, no.
Man, the other day
I, uh,
was in line at the post office
and I opened up,
uh,
I got my mail out of the
sacred P.O. box
and I opened up a little envelope and inside
was something that made...
The guy behind me, it's, he's lucky
he didn't have to clean his shoes off.
I was so surprised
and I did a backflip and I can't
even tell the
audience, the audience of a
broadcast radio station what it
was.
Well, you certainly didn't explain what it was
in any way.
It was something I
opened up.
At the mailbox.
That's...
And it smelled like the excrement on shoes.
No, it caused me to almost
excremeditate right there in line
on the guy behind me.
Ha.
Uh, it would have,
because it would have run down the...
Look, we're not supposed to talk that way,
uh, here.
In fact, one thing I wanted to, uh,
to mention to our radio broadcast listeners,
as opposed to our internet listeners,
is every now and then, a couple of times a year,
stuff gathers up that's so...
It just wouldn't work if you cut the, the, the, uh,
curse words.
The profanity.
Yes.
It even makes it better sometimes.
Many times.
Uh, so, um, anyway, we took advantage of one of those shows,
a couple of shows back, to explain a situation
that the church was in.
Uh, it was, uh, one of our X-rated internet shows,
and at the very end of it, there was a, a, a, a rant
that I can't do on these, these stations that we're on
are college and, uh, independent, uh, you know,
community stations.
They're all non-commercial stations.
That means I can't raise money for anybody but the station.
But I took advantage of a, of an internet-only show
to try to, uh, do what I can't do here.
And, and, uh, it, it was almost our last show.
Honest to God, that's how bad things were.
Well, it's been that week for the last 22 years,
but, you know, I know what you mean.
Well, that's true.
I mean, at any moment, X-Day could come.
That was the, the whole lesson of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Indeed.
Uh, and the, the, uh, X-Day drills over and over again,
I think.
Uh, is that, we don't know.
It could happen tomorrow.
But if it had happened that week, I would have,
I would have died in poverty.
And, uh, listen to these people.
They're just laughing.
They think it's funny that we were...
They're laughing about probability
and the different variables you've introduced.
Oh, yeah, they think it's real, real funny.
Oh, ha, ha, ha.
Well, that's the way they are.
If only Reverend Stang was off the air,
then it would really be funny.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
These are people who are incontinent
and whose foreheads sweat when they're in cool weather.
These are the kind of people that you want to avoid at all.
At all costs, because they're trying to get something from you.
They're, they're, they're like, um, you know, little bugs
that are crawling up and down your neck, taking a little chew,
and by the time you slap the bug, they've moved on to another place.
I don't mean to say they're inconsequential as human beings,
other than the fact that their foreheads are low,
and their eyes are very, very small,
and their ears protrude, but there's nothing inside them, between them.
Actually, Dave, the people giggling in the background are German midgets.
Well, that explains it.
It was a recording of German midgets by Lee Carlton,
and, uh, who's doing, like, a, uh, scholarly paper about the Church of the Sub-Genghis.
Well, I don't blame him for listening to that.
I understand why Martin Luther went haywire.
I understand even the rise and fall of the Third Reich.
Tater Gumphreys, Reverend Tater Gumphreys wanted to do that, too.
Now, that Ritty Schwartz project song we just played,
it's called Tater's Gone, Tater's Done Gone to Sprout.
It's from his new CD, The Year They Switched to Cornmeal,
which, in fact, is the title of the music playing in the background.
This is the title track that's playing in the background,
The Year They Switched to Cornmeal.
On some future show, I'll play it without us sullying it with our vocals.
Now, is someone actually, this is an actual performance of a unique, uh, an original piece, isn't it?
Yes.
I would say that this is...
Ritty Schwartz project is exceedingly original.
I would say that this is very, very, very, very, um, almost structurally perfect.
I would say the design is eloquent.
Oh, don't listen to this guy.
No, but really, I mean, man, this is like, you know, classical piano concert without a headphone on your head.
Classical jazz.
You know, I, uh, unless I'm mistaken, he does this in the public library in Montreal.
There's a keyboard there?
They have a little sound lab at the public library.
He used to do albums in Texas long ago and, uh, got sick and tired of, of, like I did about one month ago,
got sick and tired of knocking himself out.
As he put it, quote, Joe Newman of Ritty Schwartz project,
Yeah, Stang, I know how you feel.
It's real easy for him to call you a genius, but try to get nine bucks out of him for a year's worth of work.
Now, I immediately tried to send him $27.
But he wouldn't take it.
He said that three quarters of the people that knew about his music all seemed to have gotten it from Hour of Slack.
And that's, that's one of the things I've wanted to say.
First off is thanks to the people who heard what I was saying on that show that you can't hear.
Uh, thanks to the stations that couldn't play the show you can't hear, which include WQFS at Guilford College,
WREK at Landmark.

Uh, that Guilford is in Greensboro, North Carolina.
WORT, Madison.
WMPG, Portland, Maine.
WHUS, Storrs, Connecticut.
And beloved WEFT in Champaign, Illinois.
Also on this list are, oh, and Ellen, Rob Zarca of, uh, I think it's WCNI.
That's a news station that's carrying him.
Your name is on the same list, Dave.
I hope it's not the list.
It's headed for, uh, you know.
It's the list.
Yeah, it is.
It's the, it's the, uh, it's the death squad list.
It's everybody Obama is going to send to the, the death, what is it?
I can't even remember.
No, wouldn't this be the perfect time for me to thank those friends of mine that responded to my outcry?
They helped also.
All three of them.
All three of them.
Yeah.
It's not that she only has three friends.
It only, they were only three friends at the hour of Slack meant anything to you.
Despite outcry from around, uh, from, from across the land, actually.
It's, it's great that we got a lot of letters from people offering support because they could hear in this, uh, internet only rant that I was, I didn't, I didn't, I did it at my most upbeat, but it was written when I was down and they could tell.
And, uh, and we got, and I have some, oh, you'll like this letter from Emily.
Emily in North Yorkshire who said, please believe me.
What you do is worthwhile.
Your voice has found me in some of the darkest places that a soul can visit through heartbreak and terror and has helped me hold onto the feeling that my life is worth living.
I could tell you some sad stories, but I think you're in need of a happy one.
I love you.
Princess.
We, and all of your crew.
Cowboy Dave's voice.
Melts me by the way.
And I hate the thought that you can't take some kind of satisfaction from the wonder you have spread while I'm doing that right now.
Uh, it's called a J O.
Anyway, I'm sure our paths will cross eventually.
I hope you get all the slack you need.
I remembered when Robert Anton Wilson was on his death bed.
I went out with fly Agaric 23 and we busked until we had some money to send to help him out.
And it scared me a little.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm going to wait until you're at the checkout before I show you my respect and appreciation.
Keep up the good work.
Perpetual wonder.
And that's Emily in Yorkshire, Dave.
Well, that's beautiful.
And you made her melt.
You melt her.
You melt her.
What does melting by the way mean?
Does that mean near the overpass or in the roundabout or underneath the ceiling?
It's more like what happened to Leo G. Carroll in that movie Tarantula.
But I'm probably talking over the heads of, or under the heads of most of our crew.
I remember when his mustache got really big and his eyes started twirling one time.
I mean Leo G. Carroll.
Now that was, you're thinking of a Man From U.N.C.L.E. episode.
But that was also before any of our listeners were born.
Any?
Well, not any.
Not any.
Including, yes, even Reverend Any.
I'm sure it was long before Reverend Any was born.
That's hard to believe.
I don't know.
Have you seen Reverend Any?
She looks like she's about 25.
Well, that's the good part.
And I've known, we've known her for what, like 15 years or something?
She still looks that way.
Yeah.
She looks younger every year just like Princess Wee.
Who now looks about, and sounds about five.
Everyone will agree.
What up?
What up, mouth?
What up, mouth?
People drive by us and honk and I think what the honk means is.
You're dead.
You should not be touching your granddaughter that way, old man.
Oh, I don't even.
There's something like, you know, you want to.
You don't think so.
It appears like you'd already expired to them or something.
No, I can, here's a funny letter.
I've been a listener since my days back in Dallas over, I should do this in pig man voice.
I've been a listener since my days back in Dallas and 20 years ago.
I do feel like a douche bag for not getting ordained.
But better late than never.
I even tried to go to a few devivals in Texas but I never could find them.
I remember one Sunday driving all around south of downtown Dallas, just on the other
side of I-30, all over an abandoned warehouse district looking for the party but I probably
was far too mentally altered to actually be in the right place.
Looking back, you were probably in Deep Ellum.
And we were.
It was at Club No or Twilight Room.
The only places in Dallas that would have us.
Thanks for all the years of letting me know that no matter how mentally warped I am, I'm
not the type of person to be.
There are others who ain't nothing like me but they are nonetheless pretty bat boop crazy
weird.
Without our slack, I would have had to find all this out by some other method.
Oh geez, oh man.
Dr. Neal.
Dr. Neal.
It's amazing how many people call up and, or not call up but who actually email this
enthusiasm to, and that you can actually accelerate it by just the stupid things you're saying.
Yeah.
You're right.
I'm trying to figure out what I'm saying right now.
We also have, besides the sappy and funny letters, we also have some limericks,
Dave.
Oh.
Reverend Hazel.
There once was a man named Stang.
Yes, there is one like that.
You want to hear it?
He was long and he was lame.
His feet were asunder and that's why he's a cucumber.
Invented these.
Never mind.
And spoke of his gigantic blank.
Slank.

Blank, yeah.
No, actually these are all by the way.






These are all by Reverend Hazel of the windmills and I think they're all clean enough for the
radio.
Here's the Ivan Stang one.
Ivan's, I'm going to turn the music back to this because it, oh, right now.
Yeah, you want it to sound more medieval, you know, if you're reading a limerick.
Well, you can't do a limerick when there's another rhythm going on in the background.
Even though the limericks are not formed quite easy, so much so that most find it cheesy.
But when Bob is your guide, your brain's stem opens wide and spews verses.
Verses both lofty and sleazy.
But anyway, here's her Ivan Stang one.
Ivan Stang, the young talented hack, said repent, quit your jobs and get slack.
He sold people opinions to get rich off his minions, but got only stress and a bad back.
Isn't that sweet?
Actually, I don't have a bad back.
Sounds like nepotism to me.
Here's a good, here's two variations on a Bob one.
No, it's not nepotism.
She's related to you.
Come on, admit it.
Well, for all I know, she might be.
I don't know who any of these people really are.
Oh, yeah, right.
Leaky, leaky.
I don't know if her name is really Hazel.
I don't, you know, I'm not on Facebook all the time.
It could be your mitochondrial mother.
I don't know what their real names are.
I don't want to know.
You can tell the CIA I don't know his name.
I don't know who did it.
And they don't want to.
You have to remind them.
She has a very French last name, you know.
No way, no way.
They're gone.
Now, let's talk about the other one.
Let's talk about Bob.
Let's get back to Bob.
There is a smug salesman from Dallas who's known for his prolific phallus.
But when Connie comes through to her, he stays true in fear of her feminine malice.
Ah.
But there's a variation on it.
There is a smug salesman from Dallas who's known for his prolific phallus.
He's fathered a race of sub-mutants from space armed with bulldodders,
slack-frop, and malice.
And I might as well do the last one, next to the last one, before I put the music back
on.
There once was a town filled with pinks, and Tater declared,
This burg stinks!
So he got off the bench and started a clench.
Now he pays to know what he thinks.
There's another Tater one on here that's, that's, uh, Hazel Starks.
She says she only wrote the last line of this one.
The first four were provided by Tater, Reverend Tater Gunfrey.
Oh.
When Tater goes hunting for squirrels, don't care if they's boys or they's girls,
cause they go in a pot with whatever you got.
Then everyone eats till they hurls.
Isn't that cute?
That was cute.
That's what the Vabatorium is for.
Yes.
There's an ad in...
29 Lashes.
She did a poem at X Day, which we played on the show.
And it also included some more Tater poems, but we can, we can move on.
What else did I have here?
I want to read some more of those letters, but we oughta...
Have you heard of this new Occupy thing?
Oh, of course.
I've been occupied for at least three weeks now.
Oh, is that why the bathroom was, said that on it?
Yeah.
I've been trying to get in there for this whole...
Because of all the thousands and thousands of protestors outside demanding for their share.
This bathroom occupied.
Princess, will you have another obscure antique word for the Occupy movement?
In my day, they used to call it a sit-in.
And I was telling her that, you know, if they called it a love-in, they might get even more business.
And, you know, cause that would bring up the open copulating and city parks and stuff at the love-in.
Except that nowadays, you'd have gay cops.
Yeah.
And couples doing it, too.
And some stick in the mud would get upset, and you'd have a big fight at the love-in.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what would happen today.
That kind of defeats the purpose.
I like the way the media is doing it.
The certain aspects of the media are doing it right now.
They seem to interview all people with green hair and like huge, like nose rings and stuff
like that.
None of the old ladies.
And like one ear that sticks, you know, is about the size of a football and stuff like
that.
Right.
And they'll walk right by people.
You know, like, oh, look.
Like a normal person of the middle class who's a little bit irritated of a slightly
younger or slightly older group, you know.
They'll just walk right by them and go to the people who look really, really weird.
Well, it's funny because I keep reading, you know, I don't do TV or radio as an audience
member, only as a show-off.
But I do read the comments.
I read the comments at the end of news articles.
And I've noticed that the, it's funny that the, for lack, let me use the polite term,
baggers, the people who work behind the counter at the grocery store and bag your groceries,
the baggers seem to be upset about this Occupy thing.
It's like it's stealing their thunder and they won't join it.
And even though they have spent the last 25 posts saying, obviously, I'm not going to
vote for you, I'm not going to vote for you, I'm not going to vote for you, I'm not going


Well, where's them jobs, Obama, Obama?
Then when they comment on the, on the Occupy people, they go, they ought to be out getting,
looking for a job pounding the pavement like I do instead of protesting.
Yep.
And I guess like, what about the jobs, Obama?
And that's when I realized what the presidency really is.
It's a temp agency.
I had no idea.
That, that, that.
The White House and manpower were basically the same thing.
You know, like, it's, it's like no wonder people.
That's how they run the show.
They can write it off and write it back on again.
It just goes on endlessly and endlessly.
They can just keep on writing checks and say, we need to do this, and then they'll do that,
and then they'll say we don't need to do that, and then they'll still do that.
And they'll do what they like to create whatever they want to happen.
Well, um.
That's what I find very disappointing.
Depressing as shit.
Everything is very depressing and sad.
Everything.
Even what I'm about to say.
This guy on Scrub Genius Forum suggested, he said the Warner Brothers made a mint off
of those Guy Fawkes masks, you know, from V, that are worn by people in Anonymous when
they do protests.
We could make a million-some cheap crappy Bob masks to the Occupy people.
That's what I'm saying.
Which immediately struck, I went, yeah, let's make Bob horseshoes, too.
Wouldn't Bob be the ultimate icon of, you know, what big business is all about?
What a, uh, a tampoon or something?
Exactly.
Bob is probably one of those one-percenters ripping everybody off.
Exactly.
Only he's ripping off all the other one-percenters.
I also don't particularly want my trademark associated with what the government is probably
going to decide is a terrorist.
A terrorist group, even though it is just plain regular folks who got tired of it.
Grassroots.
By the way, the music in the background is Boron Nuzzle live at X Day.
An unusual man he was, too.
Boron Nuzzle.
Men with four eyes.
Literally four eyes.
Anyway, this Occupy.
On top of each other.
This Occupy thing, man, I think they're thinking too small.
Because there's like an Occupy Cleveland, right?
Princess Weaver's thinking about going to that because she doesn't have a job.
She's retired.
No, but I was helping a friend today and I couldn't.
How many people have showed up at Occupy Cleveland?
I was curious because I haven't been cognizant of my own.
Me neither.
I don't know.
But anyway, here's my idea.
Much bigger idea.
Much more all-encompassing.
Occupy space!
And all of us are occupying a little bit of space.
A little more space every year, I'm afraid.
I can't put it any more succinctly.
Occupy space!
You're already doing it.
Why not do it all the way, kids?
I wouldn't have too many words.
Occupy space!
So that's my agreement on that, too.
Oh, here's some more politics.
Reverend Skull the Tasteless said,
Now that old Milt's Mormonism is becoming an issue with the values voters,
That was the whole sentence.
Susie the Floozy said,
Susie the Floozy answered,
Wait, they're spelling moron with two Ms now?
She's a proofreader, so she was quick to catch up on that.
Now let's see.
And a proofreader sometimes when it's elegant.
A what?
And a proofreader, too, when it's necessary.
Isn't that what I said?
No, you said proofreader.
As in a so-called poor-eyed person who spends a lot of time near lamps.
Yeah.
What did you say?
Cheesy poofreader?
A cheesy poofreader?
Yeah.
We saw cheesy poofs in the store in the mall the other day.
Yes.
And did you comment on their behavior loudly like a teabagger would?
Or did you run to the parking lot and wave to the aliens?
I just did.
Like you always do.
I just did.
I just did comment it on the radio.
No, I meant the part about waving to the aliens.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I got you.
I didn't mean to talk about it.
OK.
Here's another letter.
Here's another letter titled, Touched by Bob.
That's the bad touch.
Reverend Stang, surreptitiously listening to Hour of Slack is all that sustained me through
the toils and tribulations of my last conspiracy job.
In all seriousness, it warms my heart in the darkest of times
to know that in strangeness and slack,
there is real truth about the human condition
and that there are brave souls willing to preach the unpreachable
not once or twice, but for over 30 years.
You, sir, have been doing fine and honest work
longer than I have been alive.
They all remind me how old I am.
It is really genuinely inspiring to think that I, too,
could someday dedicate my creative life so richly and thoroughly
to something I love.
And he says, the econo-cluster, beep,
has kept me jobless for a few months now,
but it's the least I can do for someone
who has brought me real and lasting slack for many years now.
Oh.
Wow.
Talk about fellatio.
I know.
That's what I'm doing right now to myself.
Now, okay, I did this rant.
I did this rant on the Internet.
You're the most wonderful person in the world.
As a person and as a magnet to millions,
I found reading, listening, and talking to your interesting introspections
about the fate of mankind one too many times,
and it saved me from jumping off that abutment over there
in my, off the periphery of my vision.
You're not supposed to say that on the radio.
I'm sorry.
You said abutment, man.
I just said it.
But, but, but, but, but.
It's all in the spelling, you know.
Anyway, these letters were prompted by a rant
that was only on the Internet,
on X-rated hour of slack number 1,300,
no, 1,327.5XXX,
available at subgenius.com if you wanted to hear it.
But somebody used it on YouTube.
This is new.
Princess Wee.
Dow Jones wrote in and said,
this is odd, I just ran across this video
by way of a comment on a Huffington Post news story.
It was put on YouTube with a Sarah Palin speech
as visual backdrop.
It was the audio from my rant,
and you have to put a picture with it,
so he had Sarah Palin giving a speech with my,
Oh, man.
rather serious thing.
And there was one friendly comment on it.
About 70 people had seen it.
He just put it up.
But there's one negative comment,
and I'm going to read this negative comment
the way it was written, okay?
Okay.
This was in response to a subgenius video.
So, ooh, a cult whatever is deadly broke penniless.
So, comma.
So, comma.
Ooh, just use you, cult, and your cults.
So, comma.

You actually used the apostrophe right.
Your cult's so-called subgenius to scam money from public,
capital P, public, for ooh and er cult.
Well, that's John Cue, what's the name of it?
Only one problem.
All genius are anti-cult.
He capitalized the first letter of each word
on that sentence.
No way in the world you, cult,
cult scumbag would have a chance
to even talking to any genius for ooh, letter R,
too disgusting.
And that was sent 13 hours ago by Kara C3X.
That's my daughter-in-law.
Anyway, it was so horribly written.
It was somebody telling us we'd never have a chance
to meet a genius, which, what do you think
is the whole point of the name?
So genius!
Anyway.
It was like, I couldn't make this stuff up.
It's too humanly real for any subgenius to invent.
And Dow said, the simple idiocy of the average human
denies the wildest imaginings of the creative spirit.
Dow Jones himself, Dow is spelled T-A-O, by the way,
is actually a really good writer himself.
He is really funny, great guy.
So.
I'm gonna say that.
Ooh, subgenius, dumb,
buh, ah, ah.
Urstupid.
Urstupid.
Urstupid, spelled with an E in stupid.
Ooh, and R, cult.
That was my very favorite comment
on our deliberately stupid Numa Numa takeoff.
Maybe you missed something.
Maybe he was saying, you be the.
This is stupid.
Stupid.
Maybe he was giving you, like,
he was insulting you in French or something.
And you didn't get it, because you're not a stupid.
Stupid enough, and he was right all along.
You never met a genius in your life,
and you never want to avoid one either.
Oh, I know some geniuses,
and they're the most unhappy people in the world.
I'm so glad I lost those brain cells.
I can help anyone.
I can help you get rid of those unwanted brain cells.
Yes.
That's what we do.
We can exorcise those demons.
That's the whole point of the Church of the Subgenius.
Well, it's not the whole point, but.
If you're thinking too much, you're probably causing too much friction
somewhere close to your corpus callosum, and it can make your brain catch on fire
spontaneously, like, you know, spontaneous combustion of human bodies.
That's probably where it starts.
For so many of those out there.
Probably.
Probably.
Dave, can you believe there's only, like, 10 minutes left in the show?
I can only, I'm having a hard time believing there's only 10 minutes left
on this planet's existence.
That's the one I'm having a hard time believing.


I'm having a hard time swallowing.
And just, you know, found out just before calling the show that indeed tonight is the
night where the hydrogen waxes poetic, so to speak.
Oh, the war, World War III starts tonight?
Well, it doesn't start as World War III.
It starts as a couple of idiots arguing.
At the love inn.
Yeah.
The Occupy love inn.
And that's the meaning of Occupy Space after.

There'll be plenty of space.
I have space that I have to talk about that could be occupied voluntarily.
There's an event coming up that nearby listeners may be interested in.
This happens next Saturday, October 15th, near Cleveland.
It's the Northeast Ohio Witches Ball.
Have you ever heard of the Witches Ball in Columbus?
Yes.
Are they making fun of me when they say that?
No, I'm getting paranoid.
Anyway, this is the...
I was invited to speak at this.
And at first I thought they were talking about the Columbus one.
So there was a lot of mix up back and forth.
But next Saturday, October 15th, you can find this on subgenius.com events page at the Clarion
Hudson.
It's a combination of the Northeast Ohio Witches Ball and Conn.
I'm sorry.

I can't remember.







I'm going to go to the one on the Cobb, which is like a big arts and crafts party mixed with
the gaming, video gaming and belly dancing, a magic show by Michael Murth.
We met him at Starwood.
Oh, yeah.
He's a good, nice guy.
He's a good old buddy.
He does a kind of magic, I believe.
People wearing stars and moons.
Yeah.
He does stage magic.
Well, but here's the other thing.
There's an art show and miniatures.
Now I happen to be into miniatures.
There's a miniature show.
They're showing some movies, including Rocky Horror Picture Show, I think.
And parties and debauchery.
That's our part.
That's what we're there for.
Adopt a Geek.
The Odd Mall Emporium of the Weird, which I'm not sure what that is.
Maybe that means us also.
Vendors.
Drum circle.
Yep, you were right.
And dancing and belly dancing.
We mentioned that.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Con on the cob.com.
Con.
Or neowitchesball.com.
That is N-E-O, witchesball.com.
It took me the longest time to catch on that neo meant northeast Ohio.
Yes.
We don't acknowledge the word neo.
Like if I was to call you a neo-Freudian.
Yeah.
Or a neo-fascist or something like that.
That would be more likely.
You would assume that you were a Freudian from northeastern Ohio around here.
Right.
And that's it.
Well, that was what kind of worried me.
Now, we had other—
We're any sane man of your stature.
God, I have all this stuff I—
Two inches.
I've got—here's stuff that I'm not going to play.
Ministry of Slack and Evolution Control Committee live together at—remember that night?
Saturday night at 14X Day?
Yeah.
They were jamming.
Yeah.
Well, we'll go out with that tune, okay?
After that, I had a little Jack Melody song with circus music called Lock Up Your Daughters.
Now, that's what the people at that convention should do in Hudson, Ohio.
Definitely.
Clarion Hudson in Hudson, Ohio.
But they should lock up their daughters.
Lock up their daughters.
Yeah.
And I had another Rudy Schwartz project.
One called Hoppy the Sheet Rock Boy.

Yeah.
And I had a little Jack Bunny, but we'll have to wait until next week for that.
Oh, man.
What a tease you are.
Hoppy the—yeah.
Yeah.
There's some good stuff here.
Oh, and the Ministry of Slack and Evolution Control Committee doing War Pigs.
Oh, man.
Oh, how various.
Very, very—this will be the—that was like the third version of War Pigs played at 14X
Day.
Yes.
There was—Fat Mandy did—sang like a torch version of it.
And salivated the whole time.
She was great.
I didn't mean to interject that, but it was—it was—it was—it was—it was—it was—it was—it
was—it was sad.
Well, to some.
It was happy to others.
Now, here's something sad and happy.
I've been—
The theremin.
I'm—oh, and this is somebody in England, again.
I'm writing minutes after hearing the latest Hour of Slack.
Well, not this one, but the, you know, two—two ago on the website.
Uh-huh.
And I have to say it touched a nerve.
I only discovered the church this year via the Out There radio podcast, in case you
wondered.
And I've been listening to Hour of Slack, researching the church, and I've been reading






the books, and basically trying to delve as much into the world of subgenius as possible
ever since, not to mention becoming ordained as Reverend Ian Prolix.
Uh, thanks, by the way.
I married someone to a can of lager a few months back during a gig.
Still going strong.
Um, the one thing I don't do is follow the online discussions, blah, blah, blah.
It sounds unbearably trite, but I do know how you feel to an extent.
I have clinical depression.
I've done it for—
For about as long as I can remember, and while I won't bore you with the details, part of
it's to do with money.
I know how devastating it can feel to be in a position of having to deliver with no cash,
and to make it happen, and furthermore, to present yourself to the public as not having
these problems.
On the contrary, you're expected to be an entertainer.
What I haven't done is lay myself bare to everyone, telling exactly what I'm going through,
and I really admire what you've done.
That takes courage.
Uh-huh.
I mean, to see someone I respect who's brought me a lot of enjoyment and pause for thought
over the past year do that, it genuinely brings a tear to my eye.
It angers me to know that people you call friends can turn on you at your lowest ebb.
That didn't actually happen.
I was just paranoid.
It's happening to me various times.
It's happened to me countless times, but to see it happen to someone else shows that for
the absolutely, beep, vile behavior it is.
So you see, people do care.
You did have one case of that, Derek.
They do.
They actually appreciate their stuff.
They do.
They love you.
They love you.
You've had one case where you felt like someone's kicked you.
I don't care if they love me.
I care whether they love Bob.
Well, so you say.
Anyway.
No, I do.
We do.
You do.
I truly do.
I want them to understand what J.R. Bob Dobbs is all about, and it's not the-
Well, it's not pretty.
That's one thing.
Bob, very few people can see his face.
Stones did a song about that.
Just want to see his-
Oh, no.
That was about Jesus.
Anyway, it's like with Moses and God.
If you look, seeing Bob's true face will like to kill you, but if at best you can see his
buttocks as he's walking away from you.
I think Dr. Howe pointed that out in her previous show that the WCSB people won't hear until
next week.
And-
Dave, are you building a chair?
Listen to these guys.
This is Boron Nuzzle still.
They're flabgastrious.
Just arguing with myself.
I had to have a private moment to argue with myself.
Hello?
Yeah.
I'm sorry I was listening to these guys.
I haven't heard this part.
I hope there's some cussing in it.
I like to keep change.
That's what I like to do.






They did this for 18 minutes.
This was like a great three-note jam that went on for eight minutes.
There's a lot more than three notes in this.
Oh, it's not a swingin' love.
I get mixed up with the swingin' love corpses song.
No.
These guys are mootling all over the place.
We're nearing end of show.
What am I supposed to say?
Oh, you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack number 1329.
Long may she reign.
Long may she reign.
From the studios of WCSB, I'm Dave Newell.








The other half of them pay up soon.
That's a joke, huh?
And you can learn more about the Church of the Subgenius, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Princess
Wee, and all the links to all the bands that we play on subgenius.com.
And if you push the radio button near the top of the page, that's the place to find




part that's about Hour of Slack,
but you'll notice there are a bunch of
other parts. If you click on the
contact part, you'll get
a zillion web links to a zillion
subgeniuses, subgenius bands,
subgenius monster
movie collectors, subgenius
prostitutes,
subgenius pets,
and you name it.
Fellow mutants here and there and everywhere.
Yes.
Well, I'm going to...
Where the cheese is to rise from the earth.
And give us sucre and balm.
And also a tasty snack.
Uh-huh.
Mm-hmm.
The Church of Blob,
you might add.
Not to be confused with the Church of Blob,
except, and please,
please don't accept any cheap
Canadian imitations.
Nothing against Canadia,
but there is a really, really
lousy Canadian imitation
out there.
Think about the dollar, too,
because...
Listen to that, man.
American dollars, you might say.
Borah Nuzzle finished the song
just in time to finish the show.
Perfect.
What an improvement on nature that is.
Yeah, Dave, I'm going to fade that out.
I'm going to fade you out.
I'm going to fade out,
and I'm going to play this
Ministry of Slack jamming
Saturday night at 14X Day.
But the light of dobs won't fade away.
Never will.
The pipe.
Unfortunately.
Keep the pipe lit, friends.
And smoke it early.
Keep the pipe lit.
I'm tired of getting all of the guilt,
but none of the sex.
You're one of them.
I'm tired of getting all of the guilt,
but none of the sex.
None of the sex.
There is a simple answer,
dear friend.
A glowing beacon of slack
amidst the turmoil and darkness.
It's J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the living slack master
in this church of the subgenius.
Bob brings a new destiny
for the abnormal.
For Bob,
it comes to justify our sins.
To unmask the conspiracy
and get us back
the slack they stole away.
It's us versus them.
Are you gonna
cry in hell on Earth?
Inside the pink
Inside the
Cry in hell on Earth alone.
Cry in hell on Earth alone.
Inside the pink, boys.
Inside the pink, boys.
Boss versus them.
Are you gonna cry in hell on Earth
alongside the pink, boys?
Inside the pink, boys?


Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
Black dirty purges,
hark a backflag,
We wantin' Phillip Hunter Burton,
Perkaluma Burton,
Durkin bustin' that wall.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show
and we're even more glad that some of us
have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page, or especially the radio page,
or the catalog store pages, and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty,
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Stevejobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
Okay.
We also take checks and money orders to Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
We'll see you next time.
Money!
Box!
Kill me!
Money!
Box!
