I'm not insane. I'm... well, I am insane, actually. I'm insane.
And so there's really no point in getting upset about it.
I'm merely experiencing life from a deviational viewpoint.
So, any serious dissatisfactions I might have, though they may be subjectively real to me, actually,
since that doesn't impact the actual reality around me in any positive way,
why even acknowledge the existence of such disgruntledness?
Except for such purposes as this mini-rant
by which we try to excuse the vastness of our egos,
our royal egos, yes,
by at least some self-mockery,
which even then is so hollow.
Because for one whose ego is truly, truly vast,
and thus invulnerable, unshakable,
for one such as, yes, I,
I forgot what I was going to say,
but whatever it was, if I ever do remember it,
pick up on it, man.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack
I guess it's time to start up another one of those shows again.
Yeah, let's do a show.
We'll record.
And more believers over to Bob.
Yes, Bob desires more souls,
and we must bring them in.
Bring in the money, stay awake, cast out needy.
Bring in the money, stay awake, cast out needy.
Bring in the money.
My life for me.
You prevented me from being a rich, famous movie star like you.
And I just want you to know,
I'm...
really upset.
Ah, but who cares, dear friends?
Who cares?
Because the end times are coming up.
You know, it's the first day of the end of the world.
And, uh,
we've been given, Bob has given to,
has given us to see signs and portents
of what will bring this end,
and what will trigger the day of judgment.
Oh, hi, guys, boys.
Sorry I'm so late.
I was at the Gingrich's animal party and lost track.
Hey, what's this new switch here?
Uh...
Remember, this is not really Armageddon.
It's only in your radio.
If it were real, you'd know it.
Okay, I think we're all set.
Here we go.

It's all its fault.
And you aren't helping me.
But it's crazy.
Not like me.
I'm perfect and good.
And it is ruining everything in my life.
It's like, man, I'm sorry.
I ain't Bob.
I'm just Reverend Stank.
All I got into this for was to preach the word of Bob.
I didn't want to be a businessman.
I didn't want to be an executor of the dead guy's estate.
And our life-changing books,
all...
free of charge to prisoners.
You have been listening to...
Just shut up.
Thank God.

I said I have what I have.
Thank God.
Some people don't understand.
Help them, God.
Some people don't understand.
Help them, God.
Oh, help them, Bob.
Oh, help them.
Help them to understand.
No.
But actually, friends,
I always say,
get up in the morning in a terrible tissy fit.
But it is the hour of slack.
And we do have slack, actually.
You know,
I was...
Whenever I think about all the pressures
and the stresses and strains and,
oh, you know,
the physical exhaustion of having to satisfy all those groupies.
You know, I start to complain and then I think to myself,
well, I'll bet you Christopher Reeve
probably is wishing he didn't have to pay somebody
to scratch his nose right now.
So I shouldn't be griping and complaining.
And I should be praising.
I should be praising Bob.
But you know what, friends?
I tell you what,
I like to gripe and complain.
And there's a good reason to gripe and complain in this modern day and age,
especially if you're a subgenius.
Worst thing to complain about is that X-Day ain't here yet.
Another...
I believe my computer this morning told me there was 438 days till X-Day.
Glorious X-Day.
Yes, the day...
Well, friends, I think we're going to do an X-Day show.
I'm going to attempt to put this show together from...
during the course of two or three days, actually,
instead of my normal routine of sitting down to whack the show together in one morning.
I'll just be playing, listening to music in the background while I work on my other stuff.
And when I hear something good, well, and it has to do with X-Day, the day, the day,
dear friends, the day, July 5th, 1998, a specific day, 7 o'clock in the morning, very specific time,
the day, the moment when the men from Planet X shall come to this planet and...
and rupture up the subgeniuses.
Yes, we will suffer the Earth blues no longer as we go to join Bob and his crew of sex,
sex goddesses, and, well, they're all sex goddesses, but some of them look like sex gods, okay?
But let's not get lost in the dogma, friends.
We must focus on the one true fact, which is our salvation at the hands of Bob on X-Day,
when we are saved.
Those of us who have purchased our $30 subgenius membership, ministership,
and are, in fact, ordained children of Bob, ordained ministers, not just some, you know...
I mean, this is... we're more...
We're more...
We're not like some of these other religions that say,
oh, anybody can join our religion, anyone.
We welcome everyone.
We don't welcome everyone.
We welcome everyone who has $30 to spend on Bob.
If you think Bob's worth that much, then okay, we'll let you hang around for a while.
If we decide that you're really a subgenius, you'll know.
And you know how you know?
You'll magically start ordering a lot of church goods from us,
T-shirts, and stuff.
T-shirts, and stuff.

T-shirts, keychains, tapes, videos, things like that.
That's how you know that you're not just one of those Bobbies I was complaining about.
It's that simple.
Ah, yeah, so good to be...
To get away from the complexities of all those rival religions
and just sink deeper down into the word, the word of God.
Bob, I love you, man.
I love you.
I'm not a homo, really.
I'm not even bisexual, not really.
I like to pretend I am just to be cool.
But Bob, I still love you, even if I'm just a square old polygamist.
Man, I just...
Bob, I love what you've done for me.
I love what you sold me.
I love what you told me.
And I love what you promised for X Day.
I love what you told me, Bob.
You told me...
Somehow, Bob, you told me what I most wanted to hear in all my life.
Oh, God, it seems too good to be true.
It just seems too good to be true.
But I know it ain't.
I know it ain't.
¶¶
¶ See what I used to be wounded ¶
¶ Remember the scars ¶
¶ But now you can't see a thing ¶
¶ And I don't feel no pain ¶
¶ No, no ¶
¶ Hey ¶
¶ Singing about the valleys of sunrise ¶
¶ Green and blue canyons too ¶
¶ I'm singing about a mantis bird's age ¶
¶ But is there enough to win this rising ¶
¶ Rising ¶
¶ Rising ¶
¶ Dare to dance ¶
¶ Do it instead ¶
¶ Oh, yagh ¶
¶ This girl needs like some thing of herself ¶




¶ Great christmas! ¶
¶ Yagh ¶
¶ Yagh ¶
Why do you want to be normal?
The rupture is upon us, dear friends.
That fateful day, July 5th, 1998.
Next days are coming.
And the peaks are coming.
Next days are coming.
And the peaks are coming.
Sure, when the rupture hits,
we'll all be in our first-class window seats on the pleasure saucers
watching the little pink boys fry.
Turn on, tune in, and...
We certainly don't want to split, stupid fool.
Next days are coming.
Next days are coming.
And the peaks are coming.
Sure, J.R. Bob Dobbs is my savior.
And of course I want more slack.
And I'm smoking prop nonstop.
But what I really want...
Oh yeah, that's right.
Those lovely alien nympho mutants.
Oh!
Oh!
Non-stop orgies on the pleasure saucers.
Oh, I love to be naked.
More, more.
Oh, Bob.
Turn on, tune in, and...
We certainly don't want to split, stupid fool.
And of course I want to be naked.
We certainly don't want to split, stupid fool.

X days are coming
And the pigs are bumming
I said X days are coming
And them little pigs are bumming
Those conspiracy Duke Pinkboy normals are gonna fry
They won't even know what hit them
That old stark fist is gonna come down hard
But nothing's guaranteed, dear friends
I'm a card-carrying member of the Church of the Subgenius
I'm the almighty king of slap
But when X day comes around
The only thing I have is my unshakable faith in Bob
Turn on
Tune in
On X
X days are coming
And the pigs are bumming
X days are coming
And the pigs are bumming
Listen to me, mister
It's salvation I'm talking about
X days are coming
X days are coming
X days are coming
X days are coming
X days are coming
Dr. Lewis West, a psychiatrist and cult specialist at UCLA, has seen all this before.
With fanatical beliefs in some person or idea,
a very rigid structure of control over the members,
and thick boundaries between the membership and the outside world,

Dr. Lewis says, the parallel is so strong to Jim Jones and the 900 followers who died drinking cyanide in 1978,
the 80 followers of David Koresh who died in the inferno at Waco,
and the 74 members of the Order of the Solar Temple who have killed themselves in Europe and Canada since 1995.
It's a Honda.
It's a Camry.
It's a Taurus.
Is this comet perhaps a sign of the end time?
Yes.

It's well known in the church that it's all a sign of the end of time.
This one was specifically forecast over a year ago,
including the confusion about the name Hail Bob.
It appeared in the book of the subgenius as long as 15 years ago,
in a rather cryptic fashion, but it's there.
I've got the book with me tonight.
Far less cryptic than, say, the predictions of Nostradamus.
Oh, far less. Far less.
And a lot more accurate, too.
To be fair to Nostradamus,
he did predict the end of the world in July of 1999,
and since he was doing that from about 500 years before,
he was only off by about two-tenths of a percent,
which really beats out a fair amount of the science you can find in the journals over here in the library.
You certainly raise a good point there.
So could you tell us when you think the end of the world will be?
Oh, absolutely.
7 a.m. local time, July 5th, 1998.
What if you're on, say, solar time, as, say, India is?
Will that local time proceed, say, minute by minute,
as the sun reaches, you know, the azimuth of 7 a.m.?
Well, as I understand it, the death rays of the Exos saucers
will be taking out approximately 15 degrees of the Earth's surface at a time.
They'll be lined up from pole to pole and wiping it clean as it goes,
and they'll be taking it pretty much time zone by time zone.
Okay, it may not match exactly, but they'll get them all.
Well, I mean, yeah, I mean, it's not a problem with Earth.
It's not a problem with their technology.
It's a problem with ours and the way we keep time.
Well, not ours.
That's a frequently unfortunate pronoun to use
because this is the pinks who have constructed this.
Oh, this is true. This is true.
And now that the end times are here,
we who have been hiding the yet and sin,
the remnants of the folks from Atlantis
that created the humans by an unfortunate genetic experiment gone wild,
we want it to be known we've been here all along.
You've seen some of us in the woods called us Bigfoot and things like that,
but that's not quite accurate.
But we've been here all along, and we're pretty honked off, actually,
about the way things are going.
And we're pretty much just getting ready for July 5 of 98 so that we can laugh at you.
Well, I mean, I think that laughing at people is something we need to do more of.
Absolutely.
In fact, if you've been listening to the show out there and also you yourself,
you know that we're going to be laughing at you.
And I think that's the thing that we're going to be trying to do.


It's a thing that I try as much as possible to poke fun at our guests.
I don't do this because I'm a mean person.
I do it because, you know, humor is a remedy medicine that we need more of in this world.
Absolutely.
The world is sick.
It needs some healing.
And we have some of that healing.
As the Reverend Mark Mothersbaugh from Devo,
one of the early members of the church, said,
I'm going to be a good man for a constipated society.
And it...
Yes, dear friends, it's true.
The Church of the Subgenius is, in fact, that enema for a constipated society.
And that was Dr. Dinosaur,
king of alt.slack,
the subgenius internet news group.
Not that he would ever want to take on that mantle of king.
But he, you know, he's the silverback.
He's the one who's been there longest.
Dr. Dinosaur on that local radio station there in Virginia.
And I don't even know what the heck it was.
But friends, you know what we're trying to do tonight,
and probably for the next several shows,
is pull together the X Day spirit.
You know, that's the spirit.
That's really what we're going to try to do,
is build you up to the point where you'll take it seriously.
You know, I mean, not necessarily as seriously as the Heaven's Gate people.
I mean, you may find that's true.
There is such a thing.
You know, too much is always better than not enough.
But it's almost as bad.
The recent mass suicide of 39 cult members
have left America spiritually confused
about the difference between a cult and a true religion.
It says here in this communist newsletter here,
The Nation.
I don't know if you've ever encountered that one before, friends.
But there is actually quite a concise and to-the-point essay about that.
And I guess after this, maybe we'll really leave the Heaven's Gate thing alone.
You know, it's hard for us to let go of it.
It's so much fun to just grab it in our jaws
and shake it like a bulldog would shake a little old Raggedy Ann doll
that smells like its owner.
Anyway, um...
Typical is the recent headline over a story in the New York Times.
A fringe millennialist group that used disconnected elements of Christianity.
Lest more Americans be tragically led astray,
we offer this guide to the differences between a real religion
and a cult.
And this that I'm reading is from that magazine, The Nation.
April 21st.
And this little bit here is by Richard Lingeman.
And, uh, Edward Sorrell, I believe, illustrated it.
But you know, friends...
A characteristic common to many cults is a belief in heavenly signs,
such as comets.
Such pseudoscience should be carefully distinguished
from credible miracles fully documented in the Bible,
such as Ezekiel's wheel or the star in the east.
Modern cults often boast of contacts with extraterrestrial entities
such as flying saucers or aliens
who bring them comfort or glad tidings from elsewhere in the universe.
Such images are easily confused with true divine messengers like angels,
whose reality is widely accepted by thinking people.
See numerous gift shops, movies, and television shows,
Time magazine covers.
Cults like Heaven's Game,
Teach That Our Bodies Are Mere...
Containers of the Soul,
Which Death Liberates to Move to a Higher Plane of Existence.
These perversions of religion could easily be mistaken
for the widely accepted Buddhist doctrine of reincarnation
or the Christian belief in heaven.
Cults also regard the body as a source of corruption.
This extreme belief,
which is often misinterpreted as a form of self-deception,

The doctrine should not be confused with theologically sound
tenets of ascetism found in many religions such as St. Paul.
Cults often urge their followers to live communally
to avoid contamination by worldliness.
This practice should never be confused with well-established communities
like monasteries, nunneries,
gush, emunim settlements on the West Bank, etc.
A pervasive characteristic of cults
is their demand that members contribute money to the cause.
Such pleas should not be mistaken for legitimate requests
such as those by respected evangelical ministers on television
for faith offerings from viewers.
Cults also indoctrinate their followers.
Such practices are different from demands that religion be taught in public schools
or that children attend parochial schools or religious academies.
Nearly all cults are dominated by some charismatic leader
who claims to know the one true way to enlightenment.
This is an oblivious borrowing of the Old Testament account
of Moses receiving the Ten Commandments from God.
See also Buddhism, Hinduism, and so forth.
These are indeed trying times for men's and women's souls.
Hail Bop, Hail Mary, they say.
There, yes, uh...
Obvious, perhaps, but, you know, it can't be said enough.
In the meantime, we also have run across our friend, well, our friend Modemac up in Boston.
Discovered this magazine. Paranoid.
Uh, he says here in this letter,
I've heard of paranoia, but never seen it before now.
Issues are hard to find.
Uh, but fortunately, years of scanning alt-dot conspiracy
have prepared me for the sort of wild-eyed ranting
to be found in the pages of this magazine.
And, uh, he says there's conspiracy theories all through paranoia.
Actually, I've seen paranoia, uh, has been around for a while.
The subject of this letter, uh, is paranoia.
The subjects covered in this issue include OJ DNA and the conspiracy on trial.
Uh, who killed Yitzhak Rabin, um, so forth, so on.
The TWA 800 bombings, uh, Madeline Murray O'Hare's disappearance.
But, here's where we come to the article.
Satanism, the Illuminati, and the Andromitans.
Written by R. Roy Blake.
And illustrated with Michael Aquino of the Temple of Set.
With a picture of J.R. Bob Dobbs, taken directly from the cover of Revelation X.
And, uh, Mr. Blake gives us a long rambling essay about the relationship between Satanism,
the Illuminati, alien ships from Andromeda, and the Church of the Subgenius.
Here is an excerpt containing his ruminations on our mighty Church.
Note his reference to the Necronomicon,
a book that most people think doesn't exist.
Descriptions of certain types of aliens have distinct similarities with some of the evil entities that are found in occult nature,
and are occasionally described as having interacted with secret societies throughout human history.
The second largest Satanic bestseller of all time, the Necronomicon,
describes an evil being,
known as the Eater of Souls.
One whistleblowing and very frightened governmental insider,
who claimed to be aware of a governmental alien cooperation,
talked about alien ships, which conducted a harvest of souls.
Some occult writers have speculated that the Eater of Souls is a more frightening entity than the Devil himself.
In the cryptic Illuminatus trilogy,
the authors suggest that such beings are not the only beings that are in the Necronomicon,
and that they are not supernatural at all,
but rather because they are able to manipulate dimensions in unknown ways,
merely appear to be supernatural.
Trilogy, the Illuminatus trilogy, is a wild ride,
and indeed so wild that its plot defies description here.
Another interesting piece to the puzzle was provided by an anonymous source within the military,
who contended that some of the people involved with the Illuminatus trilogy,
were also involved with the popular 1980s church of the subgenius, Bob Dobbs and Slack.
For those not familiar with the above phenomena,
the weekly radio show Night Flight ran a series of not-so-musical videos in the 1980s,
put out by an organization which called itself the Church of the Subgenius.
The videos included blatant hypnotic and post-hypnotic suggestion,
prompting speculation that they were one of the more obvious attempts
at mind control made over the airwaves.
The subgenius videos also included dizzyingly rapid images of satanic symbology
that was apparently aimed at the subconscious.
In a deep voice, the announcer told the story of super salesman Bob Dobbs,
while the cartoon image of Bob with the pipe was turned back and forth at such rapid speed
that at times it looked like a swastika.
The announcer explained how Bob had stumbled upon the secrets
of who really runs the world.
A subsequent book put out by the same church suggested its followers
use the number 666 as frequently as possible if for no other reason than to annoy Christians.
Among the strangest of its internal revelations was that aliens secretly control the world
through a secret structure which also controls world government.
The supposed world headquarters of the aliens and their human puppets
were located somewhere in New York City.
To punish small transgressions on the part of their human puppets,
the aliens employed a device known as a migraine machine.
As a frequent sufferer of migraine headaches,
I can testify how effective such a device might be for torture.
And friends, you can find out more about the Church of the Subgenius
from the conspiracy reader at P.O. Box 1041.
Providence, Rhode Island, 02901.
Or you can write directly to Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And when we come back on Side 2, dear friends,
it will be nothing but X-Day.
Yes, we will travel through space using the music of the spheres
to carry us on upward spiral.
Ever, ever upwards and onwards.
Farther away from the gravity of this,
oh, this mundane, sad world.
Yes, we'll go on to a new, a new land that Bob told us about.
A new land where, uh, everything we ever wanted to be told about,
we are told about. Thank you.
Well, that's some mighty good frapper you got there, Reverend Stang.
I just wanted to thank you, from all the other demons here in Hell,
for carrying on this show for all these years.
We really appreciate everything you've done for us and, and Hell in general.
Well, thank you, old splitfoot. I'm so happy to hear.
We're always proud to drag more souls into Hell
and, uh, prevent them from ever finding their peace with God,
uh, up there in Heaven.
And you have paid us so well in, uh, in, in money, women, drugs, and so forth.
Satan, I just don't know how to explain it.
I don't know how to thank you.
I think, uh, I think that, Satan, between you and Church of the Subgenius,
we could own this world.
Now, there's an idea. Hmm.
That's where the
demon came from.
The ish one is going to be the man
Obغ ,
I understand the same thing.
I need to go to the water.
Are extraterrestrials able to accomplish this?
I will explain, but you become more puzzled
at the possibilities.
Earth-ending trilogies, wacky stuff,
light gas passing dinosaurs.
Warlocks drawing circles blindfolded.
Gave a lady some wrinkle cream out of rat poop.
You might just laugh so hard, the skull cracked,
brain spilled, split blood shooting out
like a champagne cork.
Females so horny and mean, sucking scales off of lyrals.
Rattlesnakes.
My boy gave his girl money for groceries.
She got a new hairdo.
Women like this could even make the devil commit suicide,
hung from a tree in Johannesburg with no parachute.
Bigfoot captured by UFOs.
Halos were found at the landing site.
Vanishing victims kept alive on metal examining tables.
Experts baffled the survival from crop exposure
to laser scalpels.
Green berets, glowing cold heads and mechanical wounds.
Radioactive constant temperature circular appendages,
crippled starships and in distress signals.
We're not alone in the twilight zone.
They weaved among the trees and bring next speed.
Keep it simple.
They weaved among the trees and bring next speed.
Keep it simple.
Back in spiral, I roast humans like a gyro.
New York, Atlanta, Africa to Cairo.
Diplomat king, presidential offspring.
New miles from Westinghouse with lights down south.
Government chemical, voodoo man miracle.
Super disease, your brain is more sterical.
My urine see paralyzes your ability with space codes.
Electrode, you're ready for pap smear.
Wax in your inner ear.
Voodoo in your eyes.
Out of air.
Two cows, a zebra will jump through your atmosphere.
Giraffe funk with rays beaming through your trunk.
Steam of legion to burn up in your anal region.
Power contracted with bombs in its rectum factor.
Utilize phonic like water in your Panasonic.
Trip or slip or fall right into the earth pit.
Gamma ray toilet, microscopes on your earth shit.
Dr. Ludacris, I turn into an octopus.
Grab eight species, isolate like an incubus.
Convert with probes.
Grease shitters on your ear lobes.
Attack with stomach with juice they call gastric.
Alien bugs with pickle cells.
Get the ass kicked.
Dermatologist, examine more black piss.
Radiation butter pouring down on my face.
Dr. Octodon.
Weaved among the trees at Brinkley speed.
Keep it simple.
Weaved among the trees at Brinkley speed.
Keep it simple.
Utilize to refuse vines.
Slice head halves.
Let's probe the subconscious lobe.
Mathematical parabola at this address.
Explorating a creative arctic region.
An isolated cockpit.
A regular pit stop monitoring with enough fuel to fly a small dirigible to a pasted oasis in a nebula.
Earth.
Universal charting unseen atmosphere.
Request a new mission.
Testing assistance.
I speed through brains like a Concorde SST.
An open aperture.
The shape of octagon.
Two legs forward morphing into the vertical Frankenstein.
Prototype of like Kevokian.
Mind pedestrian controls.
Suspend elevation gaveling air during supersonic cruise.
Pattern to think.
Focus psychosis with one blow for the black lotus.
Releasing the lifeless flailing external terminal update.
Thermal conducted power source supplies.
Banner on the moon.
And on suit up cable boxes.
Getting up impossible.
The speaker needs another dose.
Concocted scenario.
View in a position of coroner describing current events.
Bet on human dismemberment to a point of no resemblance.
We're not alone in the twilight zone.
They weave among the trees at breakneck speed.
Keep it simple.
They weave among the trees at breakneck speed.
Keep it simple.
Like Enoch.
I wear my cape.
You can't destroy my impeccable caliber that makes your vision blur.
I drop particle X when having mental sex.
Voodoo rangers with the kids power rangers make me see other men.
Gorillas masturbating with human strangers.
Legally through court.
You're stung by genital wart.
Chlamydia through the city.
Los Angeles, Texas has a servant that's urgent for the mass appeal.
Biomedical test your rectum squeezing in banana pills.
Outwards, backwards toward Boston.
It's Questa androids leaving humans with hemorrhoids.
Thinking more of what they can't explore.
Like the cartoon Donald Duck is giving fellatio on the floor.
With Reed Richards looking at the things naked pictures.
Taking X-lax.
Too relaxed with the needle and thread.
Sewing up all the other butt cracks.
In the industry there's no one who can mess with me.
Dr. Octagon now serving coleslaw and pink pickles.
Eat them on the trees and bring them to the hospital.




Keep it simple.
Make a heat among the trees and brake the speed.
Their bikes.
Keep it simple.
Detached his bike and leaped to safety just before it collided with a tree.
And what it's going to be, of course we know when the X's will of course arrive July 5th,
1998 at 7 o'clock in the morning all over the world.
But.
. .
What triggers the end times for the other alien beings, the Yakatizma and so forth,
is this one moment when the world, when America becomes so decadent that it no longer deserves to live.
. .
And that sign of the end times, dear friends, is the Royal Jelly Enema.
At a time 1998, 97, doesn't matter when, might be now, may have already happened.
. . .
A time when beggars are crowding the streets and children, poor children are out starving.
Celebrities and lawyers in Hollywood will be indulging in the latest hedonistic health,
the crackpot health fad.
Getting enemas with pure royal jelly, the honey fed to queen bees,
which costs $1,000 for enough royal jelly to get the average jaded swinger,
you know, off or whatever.
And so at this time when the homeless are selling their babies to procure used,
leftover ambergris and royal jelly enema byproducts,
when a Hollywood star, the moment when a Hollywood star spends $60,000 in one night on that,
and his used jelly is sold on the streets for $200 for half a pint,
this so disgusts the aliens that they decide to trash the earth.
Before the excess.
Arrival.
It's going to be a rough time and I'm going to, I'm going to, this is,
this is going to be an all X day night and night of celebrating.
Yes.
That time when Bob will come and hose down the streets and clean up this crooked and perverse nation.
So we're going to hear from, uh, father Joe mama as he delves on into this as well.
Praise Bob.
Hello friends and welcome.
You know, most of you out there must be feeling pretty smug with yourselves.
After all, you're alive, you're healthy, your life's insured.
There's little money set aside in case of accidents.
What more could you ask for?
These are good times.
Easy money, easy sex, VCRs and Nintendo to keep your minds occupied.
You know, they say.
That the.
Golden age is never the present age.
They really do say that.
But we look all around us everywhere.
And what do we say?
Golden opportunity.
Well, friends, that's just calm before the storm because tonight's sermon is entitled X day, 1998 day of reckoning.
We all know vaguely what X day is.
Bob told us himself that it shall occur July 5th, 1998.
The X's shall land and whisk the good subgenies off.
To.
An.
Never an.
Impleasure cruise of the cosmos.
But what of the peaks that remain on Earth?
What will happen to the holes that are left behind?
Well, friends, as much as I hate to gloat over those less fortunate, the fact is they'll get exactly what they deserve.
Not to any real subgenie giving a normal what he deserves is about the cruelest fate a normal could ever receive.
After all, these are the same normals that have supported the conspiracy for centuries.
These are the same normals that have tortured us with their ignorance and defiled the name of Bob.
These are the same normals that have taken the most free country in the world and turned it into an ever growing bureaucratic governmental monster that feeds on taxes, committees, laws, statutes, buck passing and fill in the blank.
Then once the creature's rot filled gut sprues out the digestive combination of all the vices before mentioned by the lawyers and liars that created this filth.
What's the result?
Why, the conspiracy, of course.
And this pile of stinking defecation we're supposed to kneel before and worship and serve?
Never!
Bob will avenge us for the years of conspiracy rule on that most dreaded of subgenius holidays, X-Day 1998.
Dreaded by them, but not by us.
Let us look at Bob's prophecy and see what the normals have in store for them, shall we?
Bob.
This word comes in many mysterious ways.
Not all of which are immediately recognized as divine in origin.
Indeed, since Bob transcends time, so does his word.
This revelation popped up in a 1938 radio drama.
In this story, the Martians, then a synonym for aliens, later to be known as X's, have landed and started to round up the normals.
Two of the unlucky survivors meet to discuss the future of mankind.
The smarter one asserts, quote,
Right now, we're caught as we're wanted.
An X's only has to go a few miles to get a crowd on the run.
But they won't keep on doing that.
They'll begin catching us systematic-like, keeping the best and storing us in cages and things.
They haven't begun on us yet.
Not begun.
Later, he goes on to say,
All those little office workers that used to live in these houses, they'll be no good.

They haven't any stuff in them.
They used to run, run off to work.
I have seen hundreds of them running and catching their commuter trains in the morning,
afraid that they'd get canned if they didn't.
Running back at night, afraid that they wouldn't be in time for dinner.
Lives insured and a little invested in case of accidents.
Yay, and on Sundays, worried about the hereafter.
Well, the X's will be a godsend for those guys.
Nice roomy cages, good food, careful breeding, and no worries.
Yeah, after a week or so of chasing around the fields on empty stomachs,
they'll come and be glad to be caught.
Now, this is 1938, mind you.
He goes on to say, finally,
That's not all.
These X's are going to make pets of some of them, train them to do tricks.
Who knows, get sentimental over the pet boy who grew up and had to be killed.
Yay, and some maybe.
They'll train to hunt us.
Yes, they will.
There's men who will do it gladly.
Well, friends, how much more obvious does Bob have to be?
When he gave this brief preview of the future in 1938 on CBS,
it sent millions of normals into the streets screaming for a reprieve.
They repented.
They begged forgiveness.
And yet, just a few days later, after Bob Orson Welles in the War of the Worlds broadcast was described by the conspiracy,
as nothing more than a joke,
the normals went back to the conspiracy way of life as if nothing had ever happened.
They came so close to getting a second chance at mending their ways, but they blew it.
They went back to the conspiracy masters, and for their loyalty, they were generously rewarded with yet another world war.
There's a strange sense of poetic justice to it, isn't there, friends?
Well, they haven't seen nothing yet.
Just wait till the real McCoy comes.
It's only a few miles down the road, pink boy.
And like Dr. Al prescribes to his patients,
if you're caught in a nuclear holocaust and your skin begins to melt, don't panic.
This is perfectly normal.
Yes, friends, just another normal way to die for the normals doomed to die.
What?
Did I say doomed to die?
I should have said lucky to die, for blessed are the dead after X-Day arrives.
The doomed are the unlucky pink survivors who must live out their wretched existence under the cruel and merciless excess.
Cruel to them, but not to us.
Not only will there be no more bowling alleys and golf courses for the pinks, but there'll be no more subgenies to kick around anymore.
We'll be surfing the celestial stars, smoking our froth, unweaving our slack, and sexing our anti-virgins like there was no tomorrow.
Because in space, friends, there isn't.
Only back on Earth will it be a tomorrow, and then the next day, and then the next.
It'll be an eternal hell without end, and we'll be enjoying it all in the heavens on closed circuit TV.
Because we won't want to miss a single revenge film minute.
Praise Bob!
Amen.
Turn around, go back down back the way you came.
Can't you see that flash of fire ten times brighter than the day?
And behold, a mighty city.
Broken in the dust again.
Oh God, pride and man, broken in the dust again.
Turn around, go back down back the way you came.
Babylon is laid to waste.
Egypt's buried in high shame.
There may be a fire in the sky.

The
The
The
The
The
The

The The
The
The
The



The Torture Is One.
этих
Hessof
Richardson

Boas
mood
Infiek
Edm Gibser
cca
Amara
Oh God, proud of man, broken in the dust again.
Turn around, go back down back where you came.
And shout a warning to the nation that the sword of God is raised.
Give Babylon back what he sent him, who took the treasure from his hand.
Oh God, proud of man, broken in the dust again.
Oh God, proud of man, broken in the dust again.
You dwell on many waters, rich in treasure, wide in fame.
You bow unto your God of gold, your pride of might shall be your shame.
For only God can lead his people back unto the earth again.
Oh God, proud of man, broken in the dust again.
Thy holy mountain be restored.
And the seed of thy people, thy people love.
You might think, well, I'm not going to spend any money on this Church of the Subgenius.
I'm not going to spend any money on this.
I've got better things to do with my $30.
I can go out and buy a Hootie and the Blowfish CD or something without money.
And I can sit at home and I can listen to my Hootie and the Blowfish CD over and over and over again.
And I can sit back and just jam and have me a good time listening to my CD player.
Because you like music so much.
Well, the next day, that CD player is going to melt into a pile of slag.
That's right.
All your cheap pink entertainment devices are going to be destroyed in the fires of the Exist invasion.
There will be no music then.
The only music there will be will be the screams of the dying.
You may not like the sound of this type of music, but we subgeniuses will damn well be dancing to the tune.
So what can you do?
You can join up with the Church of the Subgenius or you'll be singing in the choir.
That's right, brothers and sisters.
You'll be singing along with all that screaming in pain and all that horror.
And all that horrible moaning and wailing and praying.
You know, when I was in Chicago last night, I was down in the dressing room getting ready to go up here and preach to the folks out there.
And a cockroach was crawling across the table.
And I took out my ink pen and I was kind of poking it along.
And it'd run and go across the table and I'd reach over and poke it the other way and I'd watch it run.
And I'd sit there and watch the little things that got so frustrated.
And then I took out my cigarette lighter and I started singeing around his antennas.
And then I reached around behind him and started burning off his wings.
And he flipped over and his little legs were kicking and screaming and flying around in the air.
On next day, if you don't have a membership card, you're gonna pray.
You're gonna wish, you're gonna wish that you were that cockroach.
That's right.
You'll wish you were that cockroach on next day.
You'll wish that you could just be tortured for a little while.
And then put out of your misery in a burst of flame by some sadistic subgenius preacher.
But we're not gonna make it that easy on you.
No.
Brothers and sisters, the river is rising and you're gonna drown.
Tonight, I am offering you a personal flotation dance.
I am offering you a personal flotation device to keep your head above this rising river.
I'm offering you a personal flotation device in the form of this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
It is no accident that you are all here.
You all have been chosen to receive this message.
You have been chosen because the water's rising up.
And it's just about to rise over your heads.
And we're gonna throw you this flotation device.
And you can either grab onto it and live.
Or you can pass it on by.
And you're gonna go down like yesterday's shit,
just twirling down the toilet.
It's no accident.
You must join the church of the subgenius or die.
You'll be damn glad.
That you join.
You will be damn glad that you spent that pitiful $30.
I really don't want to see all of you die.
Some of you I do.
But I don't want to see all of you die.
We are here to help you.
We are your friends.
You must know.
Can't you feel by looking at this man, Bob,
how much he loves you?
So when is that X-Day anyway?
Well, satan, X-Day, the end of the world as the humans know it,
is of course July 5, 1998, and this is important.
7 o'clock in the morning.
You don't want to sleep late and miss that.
Even though it is right after the fourth of July.
Just plan to stay up all night.
If you are a $30 subgenius member at seven in the morning,
whichever time zone you are in,
you will be ruptured up into the escape vessels thtw著

of the sex goddesses and uh uh to free to torture all non-subgenius enemies that you've ever had
uh to create your own world of of of a paradise your own paradise your entire planet you can have
your own planet you can you can live in a mall and populate it with beautiful creatures you know
i created malls did you know that
space ranger contact two sending fedex i program one and go to earth through the fax machine
my number 709-755-60L3 computer file 93 digital level standing on the terminal upside down through
polygons fighting pentagon changing blue skin my brown colors coming back i'm psychedelic this time
coming rainbow look at the green lights and y'all see my brain glow five colors yellow black and
red and green purple
you
take me off to space take me off to space come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
take me off to space take me off to space come on down you saucer man and take me off to space
서o scandals in my belly take samples of my skin

boom
boom
I don't care as long as I can live with Saucerman.
I know that you don't take requests, but I'm a special case.
Come on down, you Saucerman, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you Saucerman, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you Saucerman, and take me off to space.
Hey, cow mutilators, let me join your crew.
Give me a night, you bet your life I'll cut up cows for you.
I don't care if you're some kind of ghastly beast without a face.
So come on down, you Saucerman, and take me off to space.
Oh, take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you Saucerman, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you Saucerman, and take me off to space.
Come down, you tiny robots with your little nipper claws.
You pale and bug-eyed aliens with white and clammy paws.
Life is just a sucker's dream, and death is a disgrace.
So come on down, you Saucerman, and take me off to space.
Oh, take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you Saucerman, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you Saucerman, and take me off to space.
Woo!
Yeah!
Oh, friends, you know, oh, I should mention that was Horton Nenslow singing Take Me Off to Space,
that wonderful old hymn.
That's one of the hymns that we like to sing on our subgenius holidays.
A lovely, lovely old-time gospel hymn.
Yes, yes, yes.
This is Dr. Sporb in the background.
But, friends, you know, our critics have some people worrying now and then
that the church might become corrupt.
The church of the subgenius might become corrupted by the conspiracy,
and there'd have to be a replacement.
There'd have to be a replacement for it.
Well, friends, I tell you, we don't have to worry about that.
Because the true church, the true church of the subgenius is going to be up in the saucers.
Ah, the pinks won't have to worry about even seeing the subgeniuses again.
There'll be all kinds of cheap cults and spin-offs left behind,
just like the cargo cults among the last mutated remnants.
Humanity.
And also, there'll be subgeniuses left behind.
The subgeniuses who didn't think they really needed that $20 membership card.
Did we just have a power failure?
I believe we did.
Ahem.
