No wonder millions and millions of ladies say,
I love body temperature.
Morning, ladies.
Good morning. Who are you?
I'm usually called Old Tyler.
That's my husband's name.
The Swatch.
I'm sorry, but illegal possession of uranium is the one charge we can't hang on you.
Listen carefully to the instructions.
Your life depends on how well you follow them.
One of the main components of this church is Slack, with a capital S.
And that's like this ability,
to, well, basically if you don't know what Slack is,
you probably are never going to figure it out properly.
And you don't deserve it.
Right. You're going to know exactly what the church is talking about
when they tell you that the conspiracy is robbing you of your Slack,
based on your everyday life.
And fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Yeah, and fuck them if they can't take a joke.
You're going to know exactly what's meant by Slack.
He also began modeling for hundreds of magazine ads,
leaving early clues of his presence.
These old ads are the only known photos of Dobbs,
for he otherwise remains elusive,
shunning both the spotlight and the authorities.
In 1979, he recruited two randomly selected nobodies,
Dr. Philo Drummond and Ivan Stang,
to begin a public outreach arm,
and begin spreading his seed word of Slack.
Basically, the church is so omnipervasive,
and so full,
that we could not possibly get into the dogma
in any less than three or four hours.
This will outline everything,
clear and concise detail,
easy to read,
keep it near you,
and we promise that any answers that you need
will be found in this handy little pamphlet right here.
One dollar for salvation.
One dollar.
Oh yes, dear friends,
have we got a treat for you tonight,
because this is, this particular hour of Slack,
number 1,713,
is actually somebody else's show.
An hour-long interview with Dr. Philo Drummond.
Last summer, our friend, Reverend Snappy Twig,
recorded this historic interview.
It's historic because you hardly ever get to hear Philo
without other radio doctors jumping from subject to subject.
And I think,
I think this better reveals the way that Dr. Drummond's minds work now,
and worked when the subgenius outreach was first being planned.
Reverend Snappy Twig, under his human street name, Sean,
has a podcast called Share a Slice with Sean,
which you can find at ShareASlicePodcast.com.
That's all one word, except for the .com.
ShareASlicePodcast.com.
His webpage for this episode includes over a dozen really excellent links
to various other subgenius and related websites
that you might be really glad to know about.
I thought he did a great job editing this
and encouraging Philo to tell the strange but true story
of how the church grew in the late 70s and early 80s.
It makes a great companion to the documentary movie about us
that's premiering at South by Southwest Film Festival
in March, March 10th, in fact,
and will probably be available a little later this year as a DVD.
Incidentally, the title of that movie is
J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
for future reference.
And they spelled Bob right, and subgenius.
Anyway, thanks to Reverend Snappy Twig
for bringing us this great interview
with Dr. Philo Drummond, overman first degree,
and Bob Dobbs' personal friend.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.

.
.

.
.
.
Oh, hey, it's Christmas slash New Year's Eve holidays over here.
So welcome to a very relaxed and slackful episode of Share a Slice with Sean.
So way back in June, I think, I was honored to have a conversation with Philo Drummond.
And he's one of the co-founders of the Church of the Subgenius.
And that happens to be the cult, the UFO cult, that I belong to myself.
Because a while back, I sent them $35.
And that's what gets you in to the Church of the Subgenius.
As the introduction to this episode explains, Philo and his childhood friend, Ivan Stang,
were recruited in 1979 by this mysterious character called J.R.
Bob Dobbs, or maybe not.
Anyway, Dobbs is the figurehead of the Church of the Subgenius.
And he's apparently arranged it with an alien race called the Exus to come save all the
subgeniuses who've paid up their membership dues.
That's the $35 right now.
Get it now before the price goes up.
Anyway, they're coming on July 5th, 1998.
Which hasn't actually come yet, probably.
And it's called Ex Day.
So every year, members of the Church of the Subgenius go down to Ex Day.
And on the morning of July 5th, they wait for the Exus to come to pick them up.
So, so far, more than 20 times, it's just been practice drills.
But we're pretty sure that the next July 5th,
is going to be the one.
The interview itself, it turns out that that July 5th was not the one.
Which is good, because I can get this interview out to you now.
So, but definitely it's going to happen in 2019, or at least what the conspiracy calls 2019.
We all know it's actually 1998.
It's pretty obvious that the conspiracy of pinks, or slash the normals, them, those people,
they've messed up the calendar.
So 1998 hasn't actually happened yet.
Or maybe J.R. Bob Dobbs also wrote 8661 on the napkin, telling us when the world would end, and not 1998.
After all, maybe it's actually upside down.
So either all this happened, or Philo and Stang just made the whole thing up on a lark.
A 1998 conspiracy.
Or maybe it's just the fact that the whole thing happened in 1979, and the thing just took off in Cleveland, and San Francisco, and other places in the 1980s.
And this whole thing still exists now, 40 years later.
It seems unlikely, but it's also a possibility.
I really think that with this material, it's probably best not to fight it.
Just don't keep your analytical brain on.
Turn your brain off.
Just slack off, fade into this episode.
And just let it sink in.
Just let it sink into your brain.
It'll wash your brain out for you.
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Three, two, and one.
Now to continue with the tape recording.
So my first year of university back in 1993, I walk into the computer labs over there at the fancy McGill University,
in Montreal here.
And who do I see grinning back at me but this piped figure from the 1950s.
Looks like someone off of Leave it to Beaver or something.
And I'm like, well, that's kind of a bit kitschy.
I wonder what that is.
But I didn't really go any further.
But his grin like just burnt into my mind.
And over the next 20 or 30 years, occasionally I would go back to that.
And I'd be like, what is this?
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Well, we tried hard to make sure his face got out everywhere we could get it, you know.
That was the thing.
Yeah, exactly.
In the early membership packs, you always got your sticker page, you know, with lots of Dobbs heads and ways to duplicate them.
Sticker packs that you could put stickers in weird places, you know, and obscure locations.
And put them in the news, ready for newspaper, you know, our local civic club tabloid, those types of things.
J.R. I mean, I guess we'll back up a bit for some of my listeners who may not know really what the Church of the Subgenius is.
You and another fellow by the name of Reverend Ivan Stang, you guys founded the church.
I guess in the early, what, 1979, 1980, somewhere around there?
About there, yeah.
How did this church come out of being?
Because it's centered around this traveling, well, this salesman extraordinaire, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Some say that I was tasked with the responsibility of finding someone who could start a church.
I think that he wasn't far of one.
I would embrace that practice, sir.
Tayler Diemel Update

Take a look in the lead-up to the biggest publication in history username, I'm the教o.

And the point of a lot of brightness is that I am an evangelist who have been spending thereular times to provide good news, one third of it, you know, that they can have a productive life there and be happy withly living in a quite guided state, well, the truth is that as other took that up, the pressure of joining a church, the fact that they were a papacy at one old age is their fear.
And so Chris and I decided to натury host the church, it was looking for a parent to cover his child with does this mean I can help?
or you know i mean that was that's what some people say and then there's other people that
say there was just a couple of guys who were who were uh trying to be funny so they could get a
little attention and those guys wrote some stuff and everything just went crazy after that yeah i
mean i don't know if you want to try to use occam's razor here i mean it seems like the
the first story is the simplest so it could be the most likely but the second one as outlandish
as it sounds i mean i guess it might be possible as well yeah take a deep deep breath go deeper
and deeper into relaxation you feel better than ever before in your life
two
two
two

deep deep breath much deeper than before
and as you exhale you enter deeper and deeper relaxation
three if you went go with the first story it seems like what i've read or what i've heard
is that you ran into this um mysterious uh jr bob dobbs at some point
and
and um i i don't know was it in the when was it i mean actually it was in college it was in college
you know and uh ultimately uh yeah he was like a upperclassman while we were in college and
um shared the same dorm i was in and uh we did some ran across each other during those various
college activities now this particular storyline is harder for me to remember
to remember
is the only thing about it so i'm going to work on that aspect but if some listeners go back and go
no that's not what happened that guy he wouldn't he was fake he wasn't really telling the truth
because i know what i read the book and i know what happened so i mean that could possibly be
a potential uh on the horizon because i'm working from a poor memory okay but um i'll tell you there
is that one of the um one of the um i don't know if i'm going to be able to do that but i'm going to

i'm going to be able to do that but i'm going to do that but i'm going to be able to do that but i'm going to
i believe on my web page quiveringbrain.com there is a there is a story attached to one of those
links that re you know has a synopsis of that that meeting of dobbs and it's called the lost gospel of
bob or a lost gospel of dobbs i can't remember one of the two see it's been a long time since uh
i wrote that
um in any case you know i could send you a link later if you'd like to look at it
and it does go into detail about that specific occasion and meeting bob for the first time and
meeting connie and uh and the panty raid at college and bob being knocked out by the frozen
bra brassiere um
those those events are described in detail in that particular um document it was one of the
chapters that didn't make it in revelation x the lost gospel the lost gospel of
let me go look for it while we're talking here you actually met connie that time i didn't realize
that that was so early on oh yeah oh yeah yeah a lot of people met connie she was very popular
back in those days so connie is actually the most favorite wife of jr bob dobbs so they say
yeah of the ones we know of well i mean there are many it's sort of like you know hinduism i guess
you have potentially hundreds if not thousands with alternate universes many planets many times
many places yeah you know
many bobs jr bob dobbs i mean he he grew up he was a sales genius um then one evening after
basically conquering the world of sales and and and corporate retail everything he was um you know
he was busy uh some say he was building a television uh others you know others i'm not
quite sure said he was something to do with the world of sales but he was a sales genius and he was
something else i'm not sure selling roving material or something i can't quite remember what
and then um it was an an alien god that visited jr bob dobbs in a flash of light this would be uh
yahweh am i am i getting this right i don't want to screw it up and ruin my my uh cred too much
um see that's the trouble with
with stuff like this it's hard to remember those obscure details well you know not only that but
how do you know that but yeah i think the last time i heard and of course i could look in the book
but um i don't have a i have books not too far from here but and that's in the first book
and uh basically bob i may even be it may have even been in the first pamphlet i believe i believe
it was in the first stark fist of removing the book and i don't know if it's in the first pamphlet
but i think it's in the first pamphlet i believe it's in the first pamphlet
but i was behind a television set and was poking around behind a television set and received his
immaculation at some point right there i'm not sure what i don't think it was
yahweh or anybody i think it might have been jehovah one oh it was a retarded space alien
yeah i get them confused sometimes yeah they've got similar names maybe there's through some
convoluted you know
process they might be related to each other but but uh yeah the um jehovah one a retarded space god
alien thing uh immaculated him against his will and uh and so yeah yeah that's definitely a that
was definitely a bad thing yeah sounds bad good good thing it was a bad for him but you know it
was good for i guess subgenius is everywhere
yeah i mean it's kind of like he got immaculated for us not really for us but we're definitely
good we could potentially benefit from it i suppose uh i mean uh yeah i've never been really
100 clear what exactly happens on the saucers themselves i mean i know we get it's not it's
really not him oh yeah we get everything we need everything we want and you know everything that we
we don't even know we want is already there waiting for us right we get there and go god
if i'd have thought about a little longer i would have thought of this
you know but the main thing is you know the message is still there yeah the message is still
there you know and and until we get to the real 1998 then reverend stangle just keep preaching
and uh
and we'll see we'll keep up with our outreach ministries of using the internet whenever
possible because it's so cheap now so far reasonably free
all right all right now all right let's get to this slack you say in this little pamphlet you've
you've given me it says repent quit your job and slack off the world ends tomorrow
and you may die uh is this your message to the world what is those those are
sort of mind-catching slogans uh we do this is a church that does we do this particular
sick mind control cult does give you back your mind after we're through with it yes um but you've
heard the expression um oh there's no slack in the world or cut me some slack bob realized that
there was a vast conspiracy that didn't even know what it was doing because it's a conspiracy of
of uh normalcy and this conspiracy has been taking away people's slack since the day
there was a conspiracy of normalcy and it's a conspiracy of normalcy and it's a conspiracy of
what conspiracy all right now wait a second conspiracy and are y'all are out to put down
outrageous cult groups what does this mean no no this is an outrageous cult group
you might um show the book to the people so you get an idea of what's going on see this
it depicts the end of the world on july 5th 1998 which will happen if
enough people don't buy the book of the subgenius and now what was that date again
july 5th 1998 all right so y'all are a dallas-based group of humorists is this right
no no we're we're high priests of the unpredictable um and now again some people would say it's a put
on yeah we leave we believe that all decisions should be made by the individual so uh in in a
way the book of the subgenius can be the ultimate test you can pick that thing up and uh if it
confuses you then you're normal all right you may never get slack
satirical what what viewpoint lies beneath the satire what what is what are y'all trying to uh
project um
you and stang both come from texas right and you guys met in texas
is that how does that we met in texas you're like well uh um we were just happened to be in the same
uh area growing up and didn't we didn't know each other then and and uh we were introduced by
stang's uh sister-in-law and uh she was a she lived near me and she was like uh you know you
need to meet my brother and i was like i don't want to meet your brother i'm sure he's some
goofball and she would talk to him and yeah you need to meet my friend he was like i don't want
to meet your friend and you know so then she told me she said
well he likes he likes frank zappa and he likes comic books and you know and i thought well maybe
okay i'll think about it she told at the same time she told him hey he's a fan of captain beefheart
and he has a big comic book collection and and so uh he was like okay well maybe we'll maybe we
should meet i guess you know and so finally after a long time we i went over to his house
and we were just instantly instantly in touch and we were just instantly in touch and we were just
friends we had so much in common and we just started talking and our wives were like left
in the other room to you know hash things out while we went in the back and
immediately immediately you know like we've been old pals and so uh anyway yeah that was how we met
and uh through that introduction and we've been friends ever since but yeah it was after
after that that was probably in 78 or something like that maybe
78 and uh at some point you know we had these creative urges and things we wanted to do
something creative together and that was part of that whole you know subgenius thing i mean but uh
that's got to be the crate well yeah i can't i can't i can't even imagine like uh i mean how
would you even know that you would obviously you wouldn't what i'm trying to get it is like
you guys however it happens end up being the founders of this uh this cult church of the
subgenius and then it just takes off in um in houston it started out as a pamphlet yeah it
really started out as a pamphlet and the pamphlet you know so when you're thinking about designing
something that has uh ultimately i think i guess i guess it had 16 pages
in it or something like that and there was a simple pamphlet design on eight and eleven by
17 or maybe it was eight and a half by 11 eight and a half by 17 i think is what it was
so we you know that was when we when the first pamphlet came out we thought that was all it was
going to be that was all we were even prepared to do that's we spent a long time
on that pamphlet yeah right and then we mailed it out and we thought well let's go well the first
thing we did with the pamphlet you know we have to we had it all printed up it's like how are we
going to distribute this thing so we had to think about that and we thought well let's go put it in
bookstores we'll we'll drop lift it you know it's the opposite of shoplifting it's where you bring
something into the store and leave it there so that it can be sold in the store
instead of stealing from the store you're actually giving them free inventory so we would go into
different bookstores and record stores and various places and we would walk to their publication
stand and surreptitiously deposit pamphlets on there for sale you know i've always wondered what
it would be like to have one of those pamphlets and walk up to the counter i should have just
tried it myself sometime and walk up to the counter and act like i wanted to buy it and
see what they said probably sell it to you but
we realized you know after we went to the four or five record stores in town
that this was going to be a real slow way of distributing it you know and besides what would
be cool would be if somebody else let's say a publishing company saw it and thought man these
guys this is great maybe these guys will write something else for us maybe they'll write a book
or maybe they'll want to be maybe they'll i can they'll want to be
a writing comedy for my television program you know we had the grandiose ideas of what
what talent we had so um you know after a while we uh his wife said you know you guys should just
send it to every publisher you can yeah so we mailed it out we got this book of american publishers
and we sent the pamphlet to
350 different publishers wow and and we had a we had a philo drummond was the pr manager for the
millennium management company and he sent the letters out to all those 350 with a copy of the
pamphlet and you know please take a look at this here's my my my clients are i can do these other
things similar to this as an example of their
great skills or whatever i can't remember exactly what i said and then we sent it out and we got
about 200 rejection letters back we have a really nice collection awesome collection
amazing you even got letters actually i guess some of them just ignored you yeah well back in
those days there was no you know there's no internet back then and there's no uh people did
things by mail you know that's how you communicated with businesses and things were in snail mail
that's what we called it back then we didn't call it that until the internet but
until there was email then we had to call that other thing snail mail but in any case we used
to do that and we sent them out we had this beautiful wonderful collection of rejection
letters and ultimately they're three of the publishers that ultimately published
subsequent subgenius books
were also uh sent us initial rejection letters so anyway after that uh once we got all those
rejection letters back we also got a lot of attention from different uh different parts
of the culture that are like more edgy and counterculture and off the beaten path and
obscure and
you know those kind of places that we liked anyway are suddenly giving us attention you know
and these different fanzines and magazines and even people magazine they're given they're giving
us this attention but not not people yet but these fanzines were giving us this great attention
because uh uh you know of the pamphlet and these we were getting letters from people that wanted to
join the church
um that didn't fit the functions of the pamphlet so we must have seen them and lastly let me let
me at least remind you of a symptom well there was no whispering um because we were there after
we had not been seen and uh i think wasn't necessarily a very stressful um rash y'm
i'm required to thick be drove really bad by a these really bad ones and and yeah if we didn't
fight there it wasn't easy to feel because we didn't wait that we had pressures um we didn't
questionnaire the questionnaire we didn't know how to build a questionnaire so we went and got
we went and visited every oddball cult we could find and scientology had this great
dianetics questionnaire we thought well we got to have one of those for it to be a cult worth
our salt we have to have all this stuff we got to have good charts we have to have good graphics we
have to have good dogma we got to have all this stuff that a good cult's going to have you know
and so we started building that stuff and uh you know after a while you know it seemed like a book
a real book if we could get somebody interested and and we published a couple more pamphlets
and finally we had some publishers that were interested
mcgraw hill was the first one the publisher of textbooks that that's so ironic and
robert robert crumb of weirdo comics also seems to have discovered you guys somehow or the comic
the comic yeah but that's when i said right when i said we were the counterculture i meant like
the ripoff press and some of the other um i can't even think of all of them now at the time there
was a lot of alternative press publications around magazines you know in those days since
there was no internet yet magazines that were doing a good business and
tabloids and fanzines and various alternative publications did a pretty good business back
then because that was that was the standard you know that was how you communicated back then
and uh and everybody wanted to find their niche and so there was not particularly underground
comics and um and you know uh it was kind of proto-punk you know it was after the punk scene
had yeah um
we had all this sort of uh alternative culture that was tapping into it and and their particular
publications and devices were picking it up and we were trying to make it so that it was
easy for them to pick it up by encouraging copying you know xerox machines was like the was the apex
of technology for us back then but we could we could self publish you know so we did a lot of
that we did our own xeroxing and so it's kind of a pretty powerful way to explain what i call milegal and i guess that's more like it's like i'm in another line of fire so im band for now but but we always said you know one and few times that as well military Echo evening were sold to смогm extensively tear etc we're at teams of radars and voids and us and you know we talk a lot about the local peacemaking
stuff we encouraged other people to do that too and and play these jokes on people here's here's
a handy set of jokes you can just go play on people you know it it's interesting because
it's interesting because you've got your you got the church of the subgenius right and then you had
uh you know the cacophony society in uh in uh san francisco they were doing they were publishing
their own stuff and xeroxing it and even had freaking jack chick out there publishing his
stuff and sticking them in washrooms like that thing was going on in the early 80s everywhere
well that was going on early yeah that was jack chick was a good uh a good you know
he was a good example for us on on a way you could distribute things cheaply
yeah and easily you know and uh we had high respect for him not
as not as much for his his distribution skills as his weird obtuse uh theology you know
that he somehow got out there too he went he went some of that stuff was just totally i think there
was other people maybe writing some of it yeah and he was just adopting it but in any case it was uh
uh one of our one of our um our folks uh made a documentary on jack chick
uh i think it was papa joe mama um did that and uh might be something worth looking up sometime i
think uh reverend stang himself is uh in in that movie it's a documentary a really nice documentary
i think i originally saw it on netflix or somewhere i'll have to take a look but it's a
documentary on jack chick the bohemian grove is a real place in california where uh members of the
yale skull and bones society and their very important friends go to meet and they really do
they're described as sacrificing innocent children to a giant statue of an owl while they dance
naked in bacchanalian orgies it's kind of hard to imagine george w bush and dick cheney indulging in
these things but according to some experts that's exactly what they're doing they're just trying to

get them to do exactly what's going on
i i remember jack chick because uh i i grew up roman catholic and then as i was kind of kicking
that to the curb i decided i wanted to be a witch for a while so i was like one of these wiccan types
in the early 90s oh yeah i remember the it was cool back then and then uh i remember oh yeah i
remember seeing the jack chick tracks during that and then
i i liked his tracks because he was he was one of the only ones who was treat you know actually
taking wicca or any of that seriously i'm like oh wow he's actually believes this stuff that's
hilarious i feel so validated yeah yeah it's a shame he didn't make something about the
subgeniuses i guess we just didn't show up on his radar that's kind of sad um i'm not so sure
that he didn't at some point maybe yeah it'd be worth i know that there was i know that several
people including dr howe made a really good knockoff jack chick subgenius version and it
really looks good it looks like a real jack chick but i don't know i seem something's ringing the
bell that maybe he did mention it or do say something about it somewhere oh but i'll have
to find that uh i'm gonna find out about that
so i mean you should definitely check out that that uh documentary um yeah yeah definitely and
i mean they actually so the you guys swung the multimedia engine along and then all of a sudden
like this seems totally kind of out there to me uh radio shows started appearing uh like for
instance um you know puzzling evidence uh
uh and you had uh you had uh the hour of slack as well i mean someone i mean they let stang on
the radio right right they you know that's that was most of the time it was late at night or you
know but yeah uh those were all both were pacifica stations so you know they're looking they're not
like a commercial station in that they actually have holes in their in their lineup that they're
they need to fill and so they're looking for people to do that you know people who work for
pacifica stations are volunteers so they don't get paid and it takes a lot to make somebody want
to get up at three o'clock in the morning and come in and do an hour and then go home and go
back to bed you know so um that's probably that that's probably how it was those slots were
originally acquired
being
there they were there still as permanent guests kind of when the original show guy
had to leave or something so they just inherited
the show and then they they've still got it 36 years later you know basically and that's
different time slots but they were all at odd times that nobody wanted i think one time he
had a drive time show on sunday or something or friday then now that i was dreamed when i was on
that show that we could have a drive time you know like wow at six o'clock 6 30 or at seven
o'clock in the morning people going on their way to work to me that would have been the best time
to be doing that show and doing weird saying weird stupid stuff yeah i mean that while they're on
their way to work driving and just setting little bombs in their brains for the rest of the day
because they would be when you're driving you're kind of hardly there so i mean because you're
busy trying not to run into stuff hopefully so i mean yeah i want them to go what that guy just
say oh my god
my god i can't believe he said that on the radio
that's what i'd want to imagine happening you know
imagine you're in august of 1975 here with philo and how
well turn me on dead man standing at the beach and uh i may have been at the beach myself but
i would have been farther south five or six miles they shall go about five or six miles to my right
as i'm looking out at the beach which i would have been doing
you know
you
,
he jumped off the cliff
let's see
there not far away from me
and smashed into the ground
and then laid there and then laid there like this don't pick me up leave me alone i'm okay
i'm okay pick me up nine hours later nine hours he died oh he left his mortal coil
right over there he he shucked his earthly husk oh did you watch any of uh
very he said i'd have been happy to be here

um
people


air
here

that a
pick me up
there
come on
come on
come on
come on
and
come on
and
evidence and when you're driving in a country road in the middle of the night and you got
puzzling evidence going it really sets the the ambiance you know what i mean like it's different
yeah yeah exactly yeah i love to think that people are out there on the road somewhere we that was
our one of our fantasies is thinking that there's people on the road somewhere yeah listening to
this in their car truckers night imagine truckers that'd be cool truckers we would talk to the
truckers out on the interstate you know and try to try to get them to call in and we actually got
a few to call in from time to time and one of our more weird call-ins that we used to get
was some guys that worked in a coalinga slaughterhouse and they would have puzzling
evidence piped in there turned up really loud while they were slaughtering cattle
i just blew me away oh my gosh
it's
difficult to describe um i think that people just need to listen to puzzling evidence but um
i mean i guess the closest thing i can think of is it's kind of like a
uh a dada-esque uh free form uh uh sound collage with a bunch of uh with also some dialogue on top
of it i mean that kind of doesn't do it justice but that's kind of what it is it's something very
dada-esque about that show in my opinion get all fancy i think if you listen to the uh you'll
if you listen to the patter between the hosts you'll find that um it's it's more of a it's
improvisational interplay where the three guys know each other really well and they say things
and they're fairly erudite and they um play off of what each other says and they're fairly erudite
and they're fairly erudite and they're fairly erudite and they're fairly erudite and they're fairly
much the same way as a jazz band does you know as when they improvise so um it takes several
listenings but once you listen to it then it's interesting to listen to them and that
interweaving interplay that they do as well as the topical content of what they might
decide to enter to weave in there so that aspect of it is not like the collage so to speak it's
actually more of um and in there and i think that because they have good pun skills and things like
that that um though that the listener will be entertained in a humorous way as well
yeah you've got that and then you've got um dr howell's uh recitations as well
in the living room
the living room
the voice clock sang tick tock seven o'clock time to get up time to get up seven o'clock
as if it were afraid that nobody would the morning house lay empty the clock ticked on
repeating and repeating it sounds into the emptiness seven nine breakfast time seven nine
in the kitchen the breakfast stove gave a hissing
hissing sigh and ejected from its warm interior eight pieces of perfectly brown toast eight eggs
sunny side up sixteen slices of bacon two coffees and two cool glasses of milk
today is august 4th 2026 said a second voice from the kitchen ceiling in the city of allendale
california it repeated the date three times for memory's sake
today is mr feathered stone's birthday
today is the anniversary of tellita's marriage
insurance is payable as are the water gas and light bills somewhere in the
walls relays clicked memory tapes glided under electric eyes
eight one tick-tock eight one o'clock off to school off to work run run eight one
But no doors slammed.
No carpets took the soft tread of rubber heels.
It was raining outside.
The weather box on the front door sang quietly,
Rain, rain, go away,
Rubber's raincoats for today.
And the rain tapped on the empty house, echoing.
And Dr. Howell is some sort of...
I guess autodidactic genius or something.
He just... stuff comes out of his mouth.
Yeah, he's got a great memory.
Yeah.
He's got a really great memory,
and his father was like an English professor or something,
and poetry was really important in their family,
and he likes to be known as the resident know-it-all, you know.
So...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.



He doesn't know he's good at improvising,
so it still works out for him.
Yeah.
Like, yeah, he's got a regular show called the Ask Dr. Howell Show.
Right.
That rotates from here to there,
and always has a little bit of time at X Day where he does it as well.
Him and Chicken John there, they do live shows,
and then he's also on...
He was on the radio with his show,
but I don't know what's going on with Radio Valenza these days.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm not sure either what they're doing.
It kind of comes and goes, and I'm not sure.
So...
I can't stay up that late.
No, well, you know, puzzling evidence.
I kept on meaning to call in, but I've got two kids and a wife,
and so it's basically lockdown here past 8 o'clock.
I just scroll away in the basement and can't make any noise.
It's kind of oppressive.
But I'm told it'll get better later on.
I used to do that, and I had that same setup,
and I got to where I had a big mixer and some good headphones,
and you could hear little dinky noises back there,
but everything else was done with headphones on.
That's the way to go.
I still had to soundproof the room a little bit, you know.
And so you got the film coming out,
and the film, I think, based on my...
perusal of it,
it looks like it's more sort of a documentary.
So Arise was more like a recruitment film.
So that discusses some of the history and the, I guess,
the theology of the church and, you know,
the story of J.R. Bob Dobbs, that kind of stuff.
So that's kind of a primer similar to the Book of the Subgenius,
whereas the new film,
the documentary made by...
by the actual documentary makers,
that one's more, seems to be more along the story of the church itself,
but being told from a...
how should I put this?
Less theology and more about the story itself of you.
I grew up as a little white boy in America in the 1950s
in a middle-class home.
I was in the perfect position of being desperate enough
to do low-budget promotion for a weird cult.
If you have never heard of the Church of the Subgenius,
do not look to us for enlightenment.
It all began with the Book of the Subgenius
and the church's deity, Bob Dobbs.
It was part pop culture, part science, part religion.
We tied together every occult, superstitious,
fringe belief you could think of.
It was so much fun!
Wouldn't you like revenge on these mediocratons,
these pink boys?
These box-dwelling Barbies and Kins?
These normals who have made normality the norm?
You either got the joke or you didn't.
And you got the joke instantly.
Yeah, you know, it's like if people that weren't members of the Church of the Subgenius
did a documentary on the Church of the Subgenius,
this might be what it looked like.
They're not members.
Their knowledge of it is...
most of them had no idea.

They had no knowledge of it.
Some of them did just from an early, you know,
a peripheral perspective.
So, that it was in their mind's eye,
but they never explored it.
You know, that type of thing.
And so that's the kind of connection they had to it.
So it's a different approach.
It's not the approach that we take in Arise,
our own documentary.
It's very much a church documentary.
That's why we can use it as a recruitment video as well.
You know?
It's less propaganda.
And I say propaganda in a good way.
It's less propaganda,
and it's more, I guess, what you'd watch
if you were an anthropologist, I guess.
Yeah, we don't say propaganda.
We say dogma.
Dogma, yeah.
Propaganda has a connotation that might not be true.
Propaganda is somebody else's dogma.
Right, right.
Okay.
I'll have to write that down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Copyright 2018, Philodrome.
I mean, some people, I think, take,
maybe take this stuff a little seriously
to the point where maybe it seems like
they're no longer living in a slackful kind of life.
They're kind of, maybe they're exerting
their third nostril a little bit too much.
You know, they're like just straining a bit too much,
and maybe they need to kind of, you know, relax a bit.
I think they're just lost.
They're just lost, you know?
I think a true subgenius can figure out a way
to make it through tough times like that.
I think other people, other people, it's like,
oh, wait a minute.
Maybe I'm not a real subgenius after all.
You know?
Because this stuff wouldn't be bothering me so much.
I'd figure out a way to get around it
so I could maintain my slack, you know?
Well, thinking is a lot of effort too, you know?
Maybe you might be thinking a bit too much.
Overthinking.
A lot of people overthink, you know?
They should try underthinking for a little while.
Just to balance out.
Subgenius.
Yeah.
Just do some underthinking.
Or some breakthinking.
You know, it's like breakdancing,
where you kind of just throw your mind out there
and let it skitter around in every direction,
back, forth, up, and down, you know,
like a breakdancer does.
Yeah.
Breakthinking.
Exactly.
Just get out there.
If you want to think one way,
then flip it around and think the opposite way real quick instead,
just as an alternative.
Give your brain some exercise.
You know, it's like a muscle.
It needs exercise.
Brain needs exercise,
but not the kind of repetitive, stressful, you know?
Nobody wants to be doing pushups all day long, you know?
No.
They want to be doing other stuff.
You know how you've been on a bicycle,
and you start going downhill?
And then you pedal.
You pedal a little bit while you're going downhill.
You go even faster.
But it's effortless pedaling,
because you're already going downhill, you know?
It's easy.
And, you know, maybe people need to, like,
rather than trying so hard to win,
maybe they should just, you know,
try to fail every once in a while, too.
You're going to fail.
You're going to fail.
And my grandfather had a saying that said,
you need to grease your mistakes before they happen,
because they're going to happen,
so just be ready for them.
Grease them.
You know, make them so they slide past them easier.
Amen.
That sounds like a good plan, you know?
Especially dealing with these people,
because that's what causes other people to break, you know?
They just get all hung up on what's going on,
and they lose track of their slack.
They can't modify their plan on the fly, you know?
Yeah.
I mean, even...
Some people think slack means you don't have a plan,
you know, you don't have a plan.
Sometimes you don't have a plan,
but you've got to be prepared to accept what falls into your lap, you know?
That in itself is a type of a plan.
It is.
It's keeping things loose so that you can...
Yeah.
...limber, keeping things limber.
It's like go with the flow or roll with the punches, you know?
There's all kinds of idiomatic phrases to it.

There's all kinds of idiomatic phrases to describe that.
Yeah.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs, he was the king of that.
He was...
He was the...
You remember when...
He was...
He was good at dodging.
He could dodge like nobody,
although I remember that time that that guy threw the shoe at George W. Bush.
He dodged really well.
That was the time I was most impressed by him,
was that one video where the guy throws the shoes at him,
and he's just like one of those guys at a sideshow that's dodging the baseballs, you know?
Yeah, but...
He's just ducking and dodging and ducking and dodging.
Do you think Barbara Bush...
Do you think Barbara Bush probably throws pots and pans and shoes and all kinds of things at him?
Probably, if you'd mind, I guess.
In heaven?
From heaven?
Well, back in the day, I guess.
Or hell.
So, Philo, I don't know if my audience, how much they actually were able to learn,
but I hope that maybe some of you...
Some stuff sunk in a bit.
Definitely going to put links here to stuff.
Yeah, well, they'll probably at least be curious.
Yeah, for sure.
I would hope so, and if not, that's okay.
No problem.
I mean, when X Day comes and passes,
and they haven't sent in their membership,
they won't have to worry anymore after some extended period of torture and burning, etc., etc.
That's right.
It's all good.
At least we'll be happy.
We'll be having fun.
That's it.
We'll still be having fun, even if they're not.
I just want to remind the listeners that I'm going to be putting links up to all your media,
including your amazing music, on the show notes.
But in the meantime, the one thing that they need to remember is QuiveringBrain.com
and also the OSI 74 Roku channel.
They should check that stuff out right away.
Right.
And if you don't have a Roku box, you can go to my Vimeo channel.
That's vimeo.com slash philodrummon.
And most of the stuff that we have on Roku is also hosted there.
Awesome.
Thanks a lot for being on the show.
All right.
You're welcome.
Thanks for having me.
It was fun.
You're welcome.
You can all make it.
You can all tell them that no one here is beautiful.
Just keep it going.
Keep it going.
Keep it going.
Keep it going.
I hope you enjoyed it for this episode.
I'd really like to thank Philo Drummond for being on the show.
And I'd like to encourage you to go visit his website, Quivering Brain.
There'll be a link in the show notes to that,
as there will be a link as well to subgenius.com.
And that's the Church of the Subgenius main site.
And check out Philo's music.
It's on Bandcamp.
He's on Mixcloud.
He's on SoundCloud.
He's on YouTube.
He's really out there.
So I'm going to be putting links to all that stuff on the website, which is available,
as always, over at ShareASlicePodcast.com.
Check that out.
Check out the show notes on your device.
And so this actual interview, it was done over the summer.
It was done before July, actually.
And I just never got a response.

I was just sitting around editing it.
I finally managed to get started on this during the Christmas holidays.
And I just never got it out the door.
I wanted to get it out on New Year's Day.
Didn't quite make it.
But just in the festive mood of the new year,
because the last year has been, frankly, challenging for everyone,
I thought I would start out the new year with a festive,
subgenius version of Old Lang Syne, that New Year's classics.
And this is by Reverend Yukon Jack.
And it's from the album Bob Song 7.
Bob's Prolapse Something Something.
So we're going to end off with this.
There'll be a link to this music, as well as all the other music, of course, in the show notes.
As always, thanks so, so much to everyone listening.
And I hope you'll be back next time for the next episode.
I guarantee you it'll be something different.
Happy New Year, everybody.
And hope to see you next time.
Bye.
