🎵
I want to talk to you.
Hey, punk.
When I get out of here, I'm going to tell you who I know.
So he's our boss.
I'd like a receipt for that.
Yeah, me too.
I'm feeling my angel.
I'm feeling my angel.
I want you back.
I want you back.
I want you back again.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Tonight, we're here to pay tribute to an actor, an author, director, humanitarian,
and incomparable showbiz whore.
I'm talking, of course, about Bob.
You are now about to witness the strength of Bob.
Bob the comic, ladies.
Let's bring him back out.
He's rolling with Bob.
He's rolling with Bob.
He's rolling with Bob.
He's rolling with Bob.
He's rolling with Bob.
Hey.
Hey.
Bob.
Oh!
Your dick is so big!
Hi.
My name is what?
My name is what?
My name is...
Bob.
Come on, Grandpa.
We want to watch Terrence and Phillip.
No, we're going to watch the Bob show.
Hi.
My name is what?
My name is...
Hi.
My name is...
Bob.
The luckiest man and the worst entertainer in the history of show business.
He's a huge asshole and one of my best friends.
Bob!
If you got the slack running through your face, who you gonna call?
Bob Dobbs.
If you got some frub...
And it does look good.
What you gonna do?
Praise Bob!
If you got the slack running through your face, who you gonna call?
Bob Dobbs.
If you got some frub...
And it does look good.
What you gonna do?
Praise Bob!
From BR News in Washington.
I'm reacting today to the deadly building process.
The White House is approaching Earth.
President Obama few gigs, as long as it takes.
President Obama spoke and promised...
There are businesses who will need our continued love and attention.
Obama notes that bad PR news continues to rumble through much of the country.
On Wall Street, 415385, a large asteroid is fighting a charge of premeditated murder in the shooting death of his girlfriend on Valentine's Day.
Officially named PR News, this asteroid makes others pale in Puerto Rico.
The IRS says that it has destroyed PR News.
They were not motivated by proper management.
Friends, this is one really unusual hour of slack in that it is a single, excellent, professional recording by Regis Sedlock of a single, excellent, subgenius defival.
Beware.
well, excellent by our standards.
It's the subgenius revival at Starwood of 1998
with Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
a real classic that I kind of forgot about
because after I heard the recording,
I thought we could make an album out of it.
So I treated it special and didn't use it on the Hour of Slack
and even spent money trying to sweeten it,
which all turned out to be a mistake
because nobody else really seemed to be interested in an album.
So it's been on a shelf for 15 years,
and yet it's probably the best recorded of any of our shows.
And it has the band ESO, or Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
in their prime revival phase.
It was recorded two weeks after X Day of 1998,
what the world calls 1998, that is,
at the 18th Starwood Festival, July 25th.
Now, there is a song by Chaz Smith,
about halfway through,
the revival that cannot be played
on most broadcast radio in the USA.
I can't even say the title of it,
which is also the chorus.
So if I tried to air it on anything but the Internet,
it would be a mass of bleeps.
And I'm already having to edit an awful lot of cussing from this.
Internet listeners will hear the complete show,
but for broadcast radio listeners,
we'll have to fill in the missing time
with some material recorded at a later show,
which we will play at the end,
because it's not quite as good.
Also, it rips off the doors most majorly.
And so then, let us now hide
to that high recording of that live revival in progress.
If your body's feeling bad
It's the only one you have
You wanna take her to the play
Or go a-walking in the rain
Watch the flowers go to bed
You wanna take her to the play
As the man inside the head
Spirit never have to leave
All you gotta do is believe
The faith, Peter!
The faith, Peter!
The faith, Peter!
The faith, Peter!
The faith, Peter!
The faith, Peter!
The faith, Peter!

The faith, Peter!





You never have to leave
Your body's gonna start to feel
The finger drifts settled in fire
Everlasting sweet desire
If you matter what the doctors say
Feel a man, you steal away
Immortality for two
Miracles, they come for you
Feel a man, you steal away
The Faith Viva!
Oh my friends, oh my God, I know you need it!
I know you've got to have it and you're gonna get it!
Can I put my hands on you?
Yes! We want to put our hands right on you!
One at a time!
But we just can't do that!
Faith and hope and charity
Simple relativity
He can make you understand
All you gotta do is take his hand
Remember what Ivan says
You can't do that!
As the man inside the head
Finger drifts and holds his fire
Everlasting sweet desire
The Faith Viva!
He is here! You can never escape the eyes!
The eyes of Bob watch you wherever you go!
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
He can make you understand
All you gotta do is take his hand
Remember what Ivan says
He can make you understand

Everlasting sweet desire
The Faith Viva!
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Welcome to the revival, that was Ivan Stang!
Praise him up!
Let's get right to it, I want to hear a moment of sacred noise!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Praise goddamn Bob!
Oh, and the fucking Bob too, we'll praise all of the Bobs.
Friends, I wasn't supposed to be here today.
I was planning, like every other subgenius,
to be on the escape vessels of the sex world,
the sex goddesses.
Don't interrupt, I know, maybe we are on them.
There are 180 excuses for ex-day on the internet already.
Personally, I believe that Occam's razor usually,
which says that the simplest explanation is usually the best,
Bob fucked up.
I know, I know that it's hard to imagine
that a holy man like J.R. Bob Dobbs
would lie or fuck up.
I know, can't believe that Bob would fuck up,
but that may be it, maybe that's what happened,
maybe that's why the exes didn't arrive two weeks ago on ex-day.
I'm not going to explain any of that to you,
you can pick it up from context.
But friends, you know, remember that little nutty religious cult
in Garland, Texas?
The God Salvation Temple, poor little teacher Chen,
they were from Taiwan.
You've heard about them, I'm sure.
They actually, that silly end of the world cult,
was right down the street from where our skyscraper office is,
really is.
And they had been predicting that the world would end March 31st,
I think God was going to be on TV and so forth,
and those poor silly cultists, duh, they were so wrong,
and the media laughed at them and made fun of them.
Friends, I remember standing on this very stage six months ago
saying,
well, we don't have to worry about being like those idiots now,
do we, and friends,
two weeks ago, we did the countdown,
at 7 a.m., the exes, the aliens did not show up.
I'll admit it.
They took it out on me.
People don't believe in Bob, they have to, you know, kill the messenger.
So they stripped me down and tarred and feathered me,
poured motor oil and feathers over me,
threw me in that pond down there.
Friend, did you ever have that nightmare?
Where you dream that you're slugging through the mud
and you're naked and everybody's laughing at you?
Well, the next time I have that nightmare,
it'll just bring back fond memories of a fun party, dear friends.
And I'll tell you something.
Sure, our prophecy may not have come true.
Maybe Bob fucked up that one time.
But you know what?
We're religious nuts!
We don't care if Bob could fuck up a hundred times!
And we'd still show up here at Brushwood
waiting for those blind saucers and having a hell of a party.
Did the Jehovah's Witnesses stop coming to your door
just because their world didn't end every time?
Last time I noticed, they were still at my door.
Well, are we gonna let the Jehovah's Witnesses
be bigger religious nuts than us?
Say no!
We are the biggest religious fanatics in the world!
And we will wipe out all other religious fanatics!
But, friends, I guess what that brings us to,
I'm afraid that, now of course there are many pro-visos
for why Bob's prophecy might not work out
if you read the fine print in Revelation X.
But what I think people forget is that, you know,
we can make up all these excuses why we aren't on the saucers
of why Bob's prophecy didn't work out.
But maybe some of you did not read the very first sentence
at the very top of the first pamphlet number one
printed in 1979 in Dallas, Texas.
And I don't mean where it says one dollar, friends.
At the very beginning of the very first pamphlet.
Does it say the world ends July 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m.?
No, friends.
It says the world ends tomorrow!
Tomorrow!
And you may die!
In fact, I promise that every single person here will die!
Now, are you living your life as if it was the last day on earth?
Some of you may be!
Some of you probably are living your life like it's the last day on earth.
How many of you are living your life as if you've got all the time in the world?
Well, that's just as good!
Friends, the point is, you know, sure,
Bob Dobbs may have fucked up,
but what does that say about all those other religious leaders?
I mean, if Bob's gonna fuck up, what does that say about...
Well, I don't want to name names.
Jesus, uh, I'm tired of bad-mouthed Jesus,
because he works for me now.
Couldn't be here to send his blessings to everyone.
But seriously, friends, obviously there was,
and I've been saying this to subgeniuses for a while now,
the mystery of X-Day may in fact be an important lesson
that many subgeniuses desperately needed to learn.
That lesson might be,
don't believe everything you read.
And don't depend on Bob!
That was his whole point!
He does not want a bunch of cripples leaning on him!
He's trying to get you, it's like,
okay, you depended on a holy man, he fucked up.
So what are you gonna do about your escaped vessels now?
I think the message is,
build your own ship!
That's what I...
The X's may show up, uh, in 350 days,
uh, dos X's, X-Day 1999,
like Nostradamus said.
But we can't depend on that!
All of those holy men may be liars and cheaters.
Even Bob!
So therefore, are we gonna sit on our asses
and pray for some benevolent aliens to come down and save our butts?
No!
Build your own ship!
And while we're working on that,
if you think about it, we're on our own ship right now.
Unfortunately, we're all on the same ship,
and it is badly in need of repairs!
So let's work on the spaceship that we're riding on right now!
Get the motherfucker fixed up!
And then, we shall conquer the universe!
Praise Bob!
But, of course, the conspiracy...
Say, boys...
Maybe we could do some, uh, scary music.
Yeah.
Do you guys know how to play any scary...
We'll work on it right now.
Okay.
Um...
Now, speaking of wishful thinking...
Yeah.
The, uh...
I'd like to share with you something called the keys of magic.
There are a lot of people here that call themselves magicians, right?
I mean, well, maybe they're all the humorless ones that stay away from these.
I don't know.
But, um, you know, I, uh...
Certainly, magic is real, but judging by its practitioners,
sometimes I think belief in it maybe defeats the purpose.
And, uh...
You know, we...
There, there are a lot of, uh, subgeniuses that are sort of, uh, pathetic and sad and
disgusting and...
But they're not nearly as bad as the Scientologists.
I got hold of the most expensive Scientology newsletter.
The cheaper Scientology newsletters aren't too badly written.
I've ripped them off myself quite a bit.
The ones that you get in the...
If you're a $15,000 a year Scientologist are written like Dick and Jane books, uh, for
first graders.
Because that's the kind of person that will spend $15,000 a year on Sci...
On Scientology.
Now, a typical testimonial from the most well-trained Scientologists went like this.
I have a fa...
I had a fancy bicycle that I kept in my garage.
One day, someone stole it.
Using the techniques I learned from Scientology, I drove around my neighborhood and found my
bike.
Praise L. Ron Hubbard.
Now, friends, that guy spent $15,000 to find out what I'm about to tell you for free!
That guy was using one of King Bob Solomon's keys to magic.
The first key!
And there's only four of them.
They're very easy to remember.
The first key to subgenius magic?
Get off your ass.
You wanted a girlfriend?
Talk to a girl.
You hate your job?
Quit your job and get a new one.
Just get off your ass.
That's the very first step, the first key to magic.
Number two key to subgenius magic is bust your ass.
Number three key of subgenius magic is get others to bust their asses for you, which
we call ass...
I guess we call that assholism.
And, uh, there's a lot of people out there who are doing that.






The fourth key, watch your ass.
And if you watch your ass, no one will kick your...
Oh, wait!
There is, in fact, a fifth key to magic, more important than any of those others, brought
to us by the great Saint Red Fox.
And that is not watch your ass, but, friends, wash your ass.
That will get you further.
In some cases, some of you lonely people, you'd be surprised what a little effort at
personal hygiene would do for you in your life.
Now, we all, uh, we're always, you know, talking about slack.
This is the church of the subgeniuses devoted...
Of course, everyone knows it's Bob and he teaches slack.
Well, what is this slack stuff, you say?
And you go, oh, I know slack isn't that conspiracy bullshit where life is a Miller Beer commercial
and every...
You have slack if you just drank a 12-pack.
Your team just drank a 12-pack.
You just won and all the girls around you look like MTV bimbos and all the guys are
buff jock assholes.
And then that's really slack.
Well, we know that's bullshit.
Then you go back to your stinking job the next day and that's...
Well, we know better than that.
But some of us go, yeah, man, like slack.
That means like, uh, what Beavis and Butthead do, right?
You like get stoned, watch TV, and eat all day, right?
Sure!
That may be slack for you, but being cheated out of your life by the conspiracy may be
your idea of slack.
The difference between us and them is we won't tell you what it is because it's different
for every fucking one of you.
And if we could bottle it and sell it, we would be the conspiracy and it would be up
to you to kill me now.
I am not bottling and selling it.
In fact, if you come up to me after this and say, Reverend Stang, I saw your show, I paid
money, but I didn't get slack, I would have to say, sir, you will never get slack because
you will never be able to understand Bob's message.
You have to make the slack work.
Slack yourself.
Build your own ship.
And here's the point, friends.
Slack is not necessarily laziness.
There are some of us, we call ourselves the emergent tile subgeniuses as opposed to the
rewardians.
I love the rewardians, friends, but some of us, some of us get slack when we are working
so intensely hard at what we wanted to do.
Not the slave labor, but what we wanted to do.
That you get so into it that you may go without sleep for days.
You may even go without drugs for days.
You may, you just develop this concentration, right?
You're flying, you're in the zone, you're cruising on what you're doing, you're really
into it, and suddenly you become sort of more smart for a second.
And you realize that you are God, life really is incredible, an amazing miracle, and you
know, the rust streaks on the side of your car are prettier than anything hanging in
an art museum, and life really is more psychedelic than that old t-shirt that you can't fit into
anymore.
Now, hold that thought!
Hard to do.
Because the conspiracy has a secret weapon, friends.
The conspiracy has this invisible monster.
Now, polls have been done that indicate that 87% of Americans, this is just in America,
really believe that there is an invisible giant monster in the sky that will do favors
for you if you kiss its ass enough, and will curse your enemies if you kiss its ass enough,
basically.
Now, friends, I, just because there doesn't happen to be an invisible monster there, I'm


going to say this, as long as 87% of the dumbasses believe in it, we still have to deal with
it!
And that is why we, the Church of the Subgenius, have decided, now friends, this is kind of
harsh, but we have decided to declare war on God!
War on God, like Jason and the Argonauts planned!
My God, we shall, because what kind of a God is it that is so weak that it can't be destroyed?

That it's so weak and so pathetic that it has to be defended by illiterate little old
redneck ladies against assholes like me?
That is a sick God!
I can do better with a piece of clip art than those idiots can do with their so-called God.
Do they have a photograph of him?
Hell, they don't even have clip art.
So.
Friends.
If you've obviously, we're no different from all the other religions.
It's not really that we love Bob all that much, it's that we love the idea of everybody
else burning in hell forever!
That's what religion's really all about!
Oh, yes!
And friends, we here as subgeniuses, looking around at each other, hell, you may look at
the next one over and go, God, I don't want to be stuck on a spaceship with that nerd.
Friends!
It's true!
Most of us actually have nothing in common, except that we have nothing in common with
the conspiracy of the normals!
And, you know, sure, I'll admit, maybe we're kind of queer for Bob.
I'm queer for Bob, but it's, and this is something many of you may have wondered about.
Yes, many of us in the hierarchy of the church of the subgenius are bisexuals.
That means, when you go back there and bust a hole in the ground, you're a bisexual!

And if you buy our shit, we come!
You buy, we come!
Thanks, Bob!
Thank you!
Or Bob, Bob, wherever.
So friends, you know, what, and what we're offering is the same thing everybody else
offers, something for nothing.
But, think about it, money, you know, money, your money, we're getting money from you,
well, what is money really worth?
Ask Elvis Presley, or Michael Jackson, or Madonna.
It's meaningless to them, you know?
But what they wouldn't give for some slack!
Slack!
Man, now that is something!
Money is nothing but slack!
Slack is something!
And friends, slack is what you need!
Now, there are many people here who are thinking, man, Reverend Stang, that's easy for you to
say, you get paid to preach to drunks in nightclubs.
But, believe me, I know how it's like.
Some of you here are funny looking.
Some people here are what you might say, too fat, or too skinny, or have bad teeth, or
have a mental impairment of some kind, some physical problems.
Some of you may just simply be socially awkward, clumsy, not a people person, not a team player.
I know because I have been all of those things and hope to be all of them again all at once
someday.
But, and in your case, many of you may have become so accustomed to solitude that you
don't really, you know, you don't need an encounter group, support group for fucking
weirdos and Trekkies that read too much.
You really just, you don't care about your fellow subgeniuses all that much.
You really just want to be left alone.
And here's the miracle of the Church of the Subgenius, friends!
You can be alone!
Be alone!
With Bob!
You think about it!
Every other personal savior, though they don't, they don't, being a short duration personal
savior isn't good enough for them.
They've got to be your only personal savior and they're always leaning over your shoulder,
questioning, were you cool enough today?
Did you make enough money today?
Did you, did you kiss my ass and pray enough today?
Friends!
Bob Dobbs does not give a shit about any of that stuff!
Not at all!
He does not care about your sins because he is not equipped to forgive your sins.
He doesn't think you need to be forgiven.
All you ever needed was an excuse!
Bob brings no forgiveness, but he brings the greatest excuse and that excuse is Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Yai, yai, yai, yai, yai!
Whoo!
And friends, that's why we should be doing this.



We say, sure we may be drunk or neurotic, brain damaged, fucked up, funny looking,
but we've got Bob and they don't!
And for that we can hate them!
Hate them!
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Hate!
Pretty good!
Cool, man!
I dig the vibes!
Drink the Kool-Aid, children!
All right!
We're going to drink to the Kool-Aid!





I got 300 people to chant hate at Starwood.
That's not bad.
Two weeks ago we had 400 people line up to drink Kool-Aid at 7 in the morning.
All of them at 7 o'clock.
We did the countdown.
Three, two, one.
Fuck them if they can't take a joke!
And I had to prove that I could take a joke.
But friends, the slack is on.
The immune system is the cochlear implant.
How long do I keep my voice on?


Now we don't have any fake insensitivity.
We are walking into a maze.

We are feeling it condescendingly in this Brionne box.

You want to know what theseтаplace messages are about?
You want to know what this life is all about?
my slack and I'm willing
to wait another, if I have to
goddammit, I'll wait another
350 days and that
brings me to a very important point
my friends, you may be
fucked up, ugly, poor and broken
hopeless, but
you probably only need to hang
in there for one more year
surely Bob and the
escape vessels will be here in a year
so that's all you have to do
for slack, you're not
going to be able to defeat the conspiracy
on your own, and the whole church of the
subgenius, not this
year I don't think, but
every little
decision you make is part
of the termite digging away
at the foundations, tying
together the shoelaces of the colossus
and
as much as
it would do the church
a lot of good financially with publicity
like everybody here
would commit suicide
while wearing a Bob t-shirt
or if you do what you always wanted to do
take that machine gun to a McDonald's
full of school children
don't do it friends, as much
as that would help
our church
don't do it, don't go postal
don't kill them
and don't kill yourself
that's all you have to do
that's all you have to do friends, is stay alive
for another 350 days
that is the message
that's more important than getting
your idea of slack
it's more important than quitting your job
it's more important than any of the other things
just hang in there a little bit longer
you don't know what the future
may hold
it sure as fuck surprised me several times
over
so friends
you know how it is
we all look around and say
beam me up
Scotty, there's no intelligent life
down here, well
if only that were
true
if only intelligence had not developed
the direction it went in
that's why we call it church of the subgenius
Bob taught that it's not
the intelligence that counts
they've measured that all wrong
it's sense
common sense
sense of humor helps a little bit
and friends I hate to say it
but dollars and cents
corny as that may be
but
Bob gives you, and what do you get in return for that
a dollar and cents

despite grown and old
and paying Compton


I can't wait to get back down to the
they're only instance
to hook up

they put their money


but I don't want to fail
next year. Like I say, we should work on our own ships.
We test-fired our first rockets at X-Day.
Stank, you had built a cardboard and wooden vessel, as a matter of fact,
in the backyard of your house, and three men came by to interview you, and you were very rude to them,
as a matter of fact. No, that was those guys in Garland, that Chinese cult.
You said you had also built one of your own, made of twine
and pieces of cheese. Well, anyway, friends.
No, it was scotch tape and pieces of
Velveeta cheese.
No, really, we've sat there, and you know, when you're out in space,
you look down, and it's really not
that big, you know. You really do see that spaceship down there, and
it is just a balloon. It's like that, have you ever filled up a balloon
with the very last hit of nitrous in the canister?
And it pops. Well, you lost what was inside that balloon.
What if you were what was inside the balloon that had to pop?
Well, you tell the story better than I do, what it's like when you look down.
Actually, I wrote a song about it.
Well, I didn't want you to sing a song. I think they should sing the song.
You want them to sing the song? I think they should help.
Friends, you know, because you're out there,
you're looking down at this polluted little
planet, and you're like going, well, it's not that big,
but goddamn, every book I ever read, every
comic book, every cool, cheap monster movie, every
friend, every record I ever listened to, they were all made down there.
All the, every flower
that ever, every good burger was made on Earth.
And, you know,
Earth can be pretty fucked up. We tend to forget
how much of it's not fucked up.
And we also, more importantly, tend to forget how great it is to be fucked up.
If you know what I mean, I mean, nothing's perfect.
And the idea of perfection is just what they use to fuck you up, to make you think,
oh, if only I had perfect skin, then I'd have slack.
Oh, if only I looked like Whitney Houston, then I'd have, if only I could
fuck Whitney Houston, then I'd, if only I was Whitney Houston.
Friends, you just, you have to learn to value what you have.
You know, the slack really is there,
and they really are trying to distract you from it constantly.
But you've got to count your goddamn blessings, you know?
And that's the only way, that's why we say, why the only rule
in the Church of the Subgenius is, pardon my language, but,
fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Words to live by, and they really are words to live by, friends.
It's the only workable philosophy.
Because, if you let them get, if you let them make you take yourself too seriously,
they have you by the balls or the ovaries.
And they're just squeezing and yanking on them, tickling them a little bit.
But you try getting away from them, they'll yank that leash so hard,
you'll never forget that the conspiracy,
the conspiracy's got its claw up your butt.
And that's what Chaz wrote this little song about.
I forget how it starts.
I get up every morning
My life's in a jar
I drive very far
In my big fancy car
In this big fancy car
I come home every night
And sit and watch my TV
And sit and watch his TV
Somehow I never see
You think you'll never see
Cause my brain is asleep
Cause his brain is asleep
I walk down the street
But keep my eyes to the ground
Keep your eyes to the ground
I go round and round
Go round and round
Like a sad little clown
Like a sad little clown
And at the end of my life
I'm sure you know people like this
I finally see
We finally see
The world and my dreams
Those world and my dreams
Weren't at all what they seem
Weren't at all what they seem
Yeah, and when you're standing on the mountains on the moon,
you look back and there's the earth
just sort of hanging there in that space that's blacker than black,
and you look there and you got a lot of time to think about it
in those down times between picking up moon rocks and stuff like that,
and you look back and you go,
Oh, God, that's where everything started.
That's where all the stories you've ever heard were written,
all the songs that were ever sung were sung there,
all the people who ever lived, all the deeds that were ever done,
they all happened right there in that little blue,
that little blue and white marble hanging there.
And it looks so alone out there in space,
and as Eastern Africa comes swinging into view there,
I think, God, you know, that's where humans took their first bumbling little steps,
and it all becomes crystal clear.
Us and all our friends are so fucked up
Us and all our friends are so fucked up
Us and all our friends are so fucked up
Us and all our friends are so fucked up
Us and all our friends are so fucked up
Us and all our friends are so fucked up
Us and all our friends
Sing along.
Us and all our friends are so
Us and all our friends are so
Us and all our friends
Us and all our friends
Come on, it's like you mean it .
Sing it until you believe it
Us and all our friends are so fucked up.
One more time.
Sing it loud.
Us and all our friends are so fucked up.
And all our friends are so fucked up.
Um, I'm kind of fucked up.
I'm friends!
It's alright, you're allowed to fuck up that song.
You're allowed to fuck up the words of that song.
Build your own ship.
And in the meantime, X day is bound to happen sooner or later.
Every prediction will come true eventually.
And everything you ever wanted you will get for that 30 bucks.
Because in the urgent Carmina Jam,
you look at Book of Revelation, friends, or Revelation X, either one,
and you will see that there are signs in the heavens and signs in the earth.
Blood bunches from the earth.
The lights in the sky rebuke us.
There was a great X in the sky over this campground on X day 1998.
Perhaps that was a message in itself that they were going to X us out,
but only a little later.
Maybe the seven seals have not all come out from the circus tent
barking and juggling balls on the end of their noses.
We shall, when the seventh seal plays,
have a happy birthday on Little Hall.
And we shall be happy.
And friends, the plagues are on their way.
They've got some pretty cool plagues lined up too, man.
You're going to probably pay extra for some of the plagues,
and you'll be glad to do it.
You'll dig some of them.
Friends, the great winepress of God
shall crush the stupidity and the brilliance out of the vain human race.
And the great can opener from Jupiter,
shall come down and reap off the heads of the faithless and the unclean.
And a great orange squeezer shall likewise descend from the heavens
and crush and squeeze out the uncleanliness of the sin.
And a great comet shall fly through the sky,
comet toilet bowl cleanser.
And it shall cleanse out and swab out the degradation and the lack of faith in God.
Friends,
Bob's judgment will come like a rag doll covered with lemon pledge
and dust off the foul surface of this planet.
Someday, someday soon, friends,
the great vacuum cleaner from space
shall come and suck it all up.
And the bag shall be tossed in the garbage
with all the other once intelligent races
that committed the one unforgivable sin,
the one sin where you do it
while you're fucked up for good.
Pull the line.
Lever down you go.
My legs are on fire.
Preacher,
I,
my legs are on fire.
Praise Jainer.
But you see, friends,
there is that one unforgivable sin.
And that sin is the sin of not sending in your $30 for a subgenius membership
so that you too can be one of the same.
That is the one sin that Bob cannot forgive.
Because how do you show your faith in Bob, friends?
Do you give him the thing which is most important?
The thing which is most meaningless to you?
Your children?
Or your car?
No, you give him what is most valuable.
Your money.
He doesn't need the money,
but he needs to know that you believe.
Maybe the reason the exes didn't show up
was because the soul that Bob sold him
just wasn't good enough.
It was bad soul.
It was stepped on soul.
It was cut with the souls of humans.
And friends, that means between now
and the next time the exes arrive,
we have to brew a better breed of soul.
We must have better Bobbies, more Bobbies,
and more money to totally destroy the conspiracy built on money.
It's going to take a lot of money, and you're going to have to help.
Praise Bob.
And you can't hide from Bob.
You cannot hide from that man, Bob.
He will follow you, and he will not tell you anything.
He will not tell you what to do.
He will not tell you what slack is.
You will have to make your own slack, friends,
because Bob himself will tell you,
if you ask him, that Bob is not the answer,
and neither is anything else.
You have to learn to think for yourself,
but only Bob can show you how.
What we've been trying to get through your head all this time,
question authority.
Question authority or else!
Friends, I want to build...
Hey, hold on a second.
I think it's about time to...
We're talking real big about declaring war on God and all that shit,
and this is some great, inspiring music.
Regis, be ready.
Not yet.
Not yet.
But friends, three of you have heard this before,
but the great sage, Ronald Reagan,
who is probably closer to Bob now than he ever was,
once said to the premier of Russia,
and I paraphrase, I don't have the exact quote,
but this was something he addressed to the Russians.
He said, you know, if aliens from outer space were to invade our planet,
why, all our nations would forget our differences
and we'd all band together.
And of course, even while Reagan was saying this,
he was traitorously selling out this planet to the Greys,
those pipsqueak little dipshit aliens.
Sorry if that offends any of you, but the Greys suck.
I don't even fucking believe in the Greys.
That's how much they suck.
They make spaceships that crash.
Our alien allies do not even need spaceships.
They do not need spaceships any more than Bob needs brains.
Soon, eventually, sooner or later, we will have our escape vessels,
even if we have to build them ourselves.
We'll have our own fleets of battle planets.
And the universe will eventually be open to us.
It'll be like Star Trek, only not stupid and corny.
Not derivative. It'll be imaginative.
The aliens will really look like something you want to fuck,
not just something with bumps on their head.
But, in fact, it will be so bizarre.
Every day will be so weird that you'll look across the alien shopping mall
and go, whoa, an Earther. There's another Earth person.
Whoa, man, one head, two legs.
Wow, I'm from the North American continent, too.
Do you know Shreve?
Don't be booring.
Sam, my lucky god.
You saw him a thousand times before.

Oh my god.
So, I say,, were those fijs was the Please-O-Base?
Were there to-and-buss-kinds?
pén
We're getting all sentimental.
You know, while we were here at home,
my mother didn't like us very much
before we would not clean our rooms.
But soon we will be leaving,
and someone, someone must stay behind
to protect our mother while we party.
You subgeniuses that never did send in your $30.
You will be the new stewards
and stewardesses of Spaceship Earth.
You will be the ones who will have to stay behind
and make sure that lazy humanity
does not sell out to the grains
while we are cavorting on our space.
We won't think about Earth's pollutions or jobs.
We will remember her forests, her cities,
her great monster movies.
But friends, you who stay behind
must just say no to the alien threat.
When we commandeer our escape vessels,
we promise not to come back
and trash our mother.
No, instead we will use the great weapons
which we devised here,
which we once used against each other.
We will turn them against all the other planets
besides Earth until only Mother Earth remains.
Friends, Earth first, Earth first.
War against the planets, war against universe,
war against God.
And if they resist us,
we will crush the Venusians.
We will stomp out the Martians.
We will pick off the Uranus bugs.
And we will move onwards,
out into the Sol, out of the Solar System,
onto other galaxies.
We will harness the Sun
and create a 25-hour day.
And if we cannot conquer a planet,
we will destroy it.
If Bob, if Bob cannot have it all,
if Bob cannot have it all,

then no one may have any of it.
All worlds are none.
All worlds are none.
All worlds are none.
Christ Bob.
Christ Bob. Earth first.
Oh, and while we're at it, by the way,
I'm a holy man, you're all married,
you can go have sex now.
You can go ahead of yourself,
you can go, you know,
have sex on your own,


I can do everything by myself.
All quick.
I can do everything,
be friends with me again.

I think I'll eat entirely at the bottom.
I think I'll eat entirely,
imiento,
seemed so too strong.
In fact, I think we have a lullaby.
What else?
Well, we could do...
Bob did teach me that one lullaby.
The escape...
Bob promised a lot.
We hate to preach an escapist doctrine, you know.
Sometimes, just to keep your own slack,
you've got to hide out,
get away from it all,
and, you know, just say fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Let's call the whole day off.
I've had it involuntary.
Slack has been forced on me.
I tried to do too much.
I give up.
If I can't whoop it, I'll go down.
Slack comes first in the life of any initiate.
And, praise Bob,
I think I'll just go to a movie now or something.
Let this song drift,
drift through your little sleepy time pad tonight.
Is that going to happen?
I don't think so.
It will.
Go to sleep
And dream of pleasure ships
From high above
On July 5th next year
Go to sleep
And dream of flying high
And lullabies
And lullabies
And dreams that buy
A propice
Frominas
Fromina
Fromina
Ardate
Arte



Arte

Arte

Arte




A banks 건
Rivera
I got late
I work
Michelle
Mac
Barbara
trick the creation
we'll follow fools into the hell they build
follow blob blindfolded
go to sleep
and dream of times when we will meet to sing
and praise the name of the father
now we'll begin swaying back and forth
sex goddesses and squids
shall lie your way
the smiling face of bop
will keep you safe till those that's gay
one more
sex goddesses and squids
shall lie your way
the smiling face of bop
will keep you safe till those that's gay

will keep you safe until
not
oh thank you
is there like a secret code to the name of bop
when you spell it backwards its still bop
good lord
I never thought of that
what? wait a minute
If Bob spelled backwards is Bob,
then what if 1998 turned upside down became 8661?
Does that mean we have to have a big party here at Brushwood
every goddamn year for the next 3,663 years?
Say yes! Yes!
And it will be the biggest goddamn party this stinking desert's ever seen!
So, remember, we're all sitting together listening to this.
Remember, remember, remember.
We're all sitting together listening to this.
Remember, remember.
I am an electromagnetic wave.
I go on and on and on and on.
Einstein Secret Orchestra friends,
Chaz Smith, Michelle George, Bob,
The Bob on drums,
and the videotape ripped off from many, many subgeniuses.
Oh, and the poor beset and set upon lonesome cowboy Dave.
He is the clone of a very rich cowboy Dave
who may need a better liver.
Also, better genitalia than I've ever had in school.
Oh, yeah.
I've signed up and I've been cleared so far.
Okay, well, if you all been,
anybody who's been dating the rich cowboy Dave,
you heard that.
He may not have a lot of money,
but he's got it where it counts.
A big tongue.
And Bleepo Abernathy, thank you.
And Princess Wiardo, the queen of all the UFOs.
I know that someday your other helmet horn will light up
and the exes will arrive.
Oh, yeah.
You believe your own bullshit.
I believe as, listen, man,
somebody else was asking me,
hey, so is Bob for real or what?
And it's like, that's like, well,
show me the last proof you had of Jesus, okay?
I mean, I want to see scientific proof.
I've got a newspaper article that says
Bob Dobbs was shot and killed in San Francisco
and blah, blah, woof, woof.
I mean, that's like asking Hulk Hogan.
That's like coming up,
that's like going up to mankind
or to goddamn stone cold Steve Austin
and saying, so is this wrestling stuff really real?
Or, I mean, it's all fake, isn't it?
And he beats the shit out of you.
Does that answer your question?
See you at the fire.
See you at the fire.
And this has been the hour of slight,
number 1437.
In this case, a show recorded at Starwood Festival in 1998
with Einstein's Secret Orchestra
and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
For more information on the hour of slack
or Starwood Festival, see subgenius.com
and praise Bob.
How would you guys support yourselves?
Haven't you ever heard of Bobby?
Oh my God, there's that Connie.
Connie, before you say anything,
there's something I need to get off my chest.
I bought tickets to every raffle your church ever had
and I'm tapped out.
So whatever it is you came to say to me,
I'm not interested.
Well, I'll just go then.
Oh, by the way,
my church had its raffle drawing yesterday.
You won the grand prize.
I just gotta meet Bob.
Hold on.
I can't even tell the number.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
I can't.
I can't do this.
JR?
JR.
Hey, JR.
This is from Kansas
and I'm sort of a redneck.
Okay.
You need me there.
I'll never see you again.
Dad?
Lift me to Kat Dooley.

she stillbrand has to cut me some things in my hair.
She is not amused.

You're not amused at all.



Hey, you're making it normal.
You're meeting Hoşan,
and I see роз física all of a sudden.
And you don't say an idea.
Come back next year.
So, I guess I'm gonna break up with my mom.
Under my umbrella, la, la, la, la
Under my umbrella, la, la, la, la
Under my umbrella, la, la, la, la
Believe me, Bob tonight
He's gonna show you one more time
What it's to be here, Bob Slack
When your life is on right track
You believe in Bob tonight
He's gonna show you Bob tonight
That dirty, Turkish, hark-a-back, flackin' wharton
Philip Buckaburton, Perkaluma Burton
Dirtin' buster, that's all
B-O-B
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show
and we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough
to help us keep on going for another couple of months
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that Slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page
or especially the radio page or the catalog store pages
and help out financially as best you can
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty
and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse
But some of you still have jobs
Even five bucks makes a big difference
even if it's only once a month from enough of you
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference
All we're saying is that
blowjobs could go the way of Steve Jobs
if you don't pay Dobbs
We also take checks and money orders to
Subgenius Foundation
P.O. Box 181-417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118
Welcome to Subgenius Utility
All about og dimension
About Money
