As you know, friends, instead of a world getting closer to slack, we see it going to the prigs and prudes.
The two opposed sides of the conspiracy both ravaging our privacy and personal freedoms.
Deep-seated fear of sex that hobbles, yet sickly motivates both the radical left and the fundamentalist right.
Both are trying to force their politically correct or morally correct rulebook into our brains.
And yes, dear friends, tonight we tackle the problem of, well, the new stark fist.
It's a church publication.
Many of my listeners probably never seen one, and some probably would not want to see the new one.
Yes, we're looking at dissent within the church from those who...
Well, you know, what they're saying is...
If only we could keep those rednecks out of the church.
But friends, you know, sure, we may have lost a thousand feminazi bobby prigs,
but we gained at least five true yeti ultra-vixens for Connie that I know of,
and that...
That, my friends, is worth those one thousand mal-aligned normals two hundred times over.
And besides, none of them asked for their money back,
and none of them had contributed anything to the print or electronic propaganda of the ministry anyway,
so, friends, well...
You know, you first have to say that which must not be said
in order to say that which...
must be said, you might say.
Well, anyway, we're here in the Bible Belt,
unbuckling the Bible Belt, my friends,
so that its pants may, as we've said so many times,
fall to its knees,
and it may gaze upon its own...
most private...
desires.
Yes.
Ha, ha, ha.
The following includes graphic depictions that may be inappropriate for...
While some of these images may be titillating or provocative,
we consider them to be...
distasteful...
grotesque...
shocking...
satanic...
overkill...
pretentious...
misunderstood...
overkill...
esoteric...
obscene...
off-the-dhouser...

stinky ...
and now...
Subgenius...





The Subgenius...
Subgenius...
Our hope...
Subgenius...

Swag!

The producers of this program share your outrage at the shameless use of this kind of filthy,
The producers of this program share your outrage at the shameless use of this kind of filthy,
lanzadaозь на ванхе undone цивилиз س gefragt,
Disgusting and abusive trash.
Oh, don't try to deny it.
You have been bad.
Very, very bad.
A bad subgenius.
Quote me, book of the subgenius, page 132, paragraph 3.
Write this instant.
I didn't think you could do it.
And the ledger of souls here shows that you haven't spent more than $10 on holy church products in two years.
Some high priest of sacred abnormality you are.
Well, bitch goddess Connie Dobbs knows just what to do about that.
Don't try to wheedle your way out of this.
You're going to get what's coming to you.
And I think you know just what that is.
That's right, you slackless backslider.
The punishment cone.
Go get it right now.
Bring it to me.
Not that way, you idiot.
Wipe off the Devo blood first.
Now, see this.
You know what this is, don't you?
Well, I want you to take those big red straps and strap it to your head.
That's right, your head.
Do as I say.
Why?
Can't you understand English, you worm?
God, you look ridiculous.
You have no idea how pathetic you look to me right now.
I wish your so-called guru Bob could see you now.
Some warrior of endless slack.
Wouldn't he be impressed?
Why, you'd make even Bob puke.
Well, I'm going to beat the pingness out of your withered little soul.
And then after that, I'm going to beat the Yeti back into it.
Now get down on our knees, you whining Bobby.
Mindless, useless, little cult fanatic slack vampire.
You're not worthy of kissing Bob's mighty toes.
Assume submission posture number three.
Mistress Connie commands you now.
Get into those restraints right now. Hurry up, that's it.
Just like a little doggy.
Grover, you slutty little slave.
Worship me, beg.
Take that, and that, and that.
Now here's one for good measure.
You never know pleasure until you've tasted real pain.
You'll never know slack until it's been taken away.
So, I guess that makes just your lucky day, doesn't it?
So, I guess that makes just your lucky day, doesn't it?
Silence that whimpering.
You're playing by my rules now, buster.
Put on that mask.
That's it, over your head.
Strap it on tight.
Ooh.
Now I'm going to button those eye flaps shut so you can't see what I'm going to do to you.
Now bend down and I'll lock you into position.
Now, listen closely to me.
I'm going to put something up against your mouth.
See there,ze uhh uhh,
What are they doing?
What are they doing?
Totally sexy.
Lobby is the epitome of sexual connotations
Obvious!
...yuh heened!
It's a sexy church.
Not something that Swagger'd come after you.
See, you had to wait for months and years before Swagger was going to be a sexy church.
If you are having sex, you are not in it.
We're not talking about some kind of church where you go out and pick up church-going women
and kind of like play with yourself in front of them.
Bob goes for the whole thing, man.
Bob goes straight for the glam.
Bob's into all-out fornication and glam manipulation.
That's right. Bob is the swingin' meat Jesus.
And in Bob's church, women get to be on top.
Swingin' meat Jesus, yep.
The swingin' meat Jesus.
Women get to be on top.
Bob can be on top and on bottom simultaneously.
Simultaneously.
You can plant Bob and it will grow into a beautiful tree.
Start fornicating.
Well, we're ready.
His vigor, incontestable.
His vitality, incredible.
Indestructible.
Inexplicable.
Mad.
Mean.
And mighty.
What is that making of?
Come with me.
I want to show you a few things.
I want to show you a few things.
I want to show you a few things.
I want to show you a few things.

Here we are.
The growth corridor.
What are they?
These are the most genetically altered human beings.
You see, my dear, a long time ago, when the planet was barren,
the aliens descended upon the Earth and created man.
Aliens?
That's right.
Man was created as the ultimate organic weapon.
And these are the next step in the evolutionary process.
Warriors developed by the aliens from the human species.
In times past, they were known as...
Genius.
Can you imagine?
These lovely creatures in the White House.
In every seat of power.
In every country around the world.
Bob.
There's an organic mechanism created by the aliens.
It becomes a protective suit of armor.
Only one guy...
Bob.
Has been found.
But not one clue on how to activate that magnificent mechanism.
I need your help.
You know.
No.
I don't know.
I have no idea what he did.
Grotesque little creatures, aren't they?
You could easily become one of them.
That's right, Bob.
Post office box one and four.
Three or six.
A rare specimen.
Indeed.
With beauty...
Like yours.
The results might not be so hideous.
But I make no promises.
Every citizen has a duty to learn more about the menace that threatens his future.
His home.
His children.
The peace of the world.
And that is why we have created this tape.
If you will take the time to inform yourself,
you will find that Magnividoism holds no mysteries.
Its leaders have blueprinted their objectives.
The time is far too late not to recognize this ism for what it is.
A threat to humanity and to each of us.
Moreover, there is the sobering fact that since the end of World War II,
we have spent billions of dollars to defend ourselves from the Magnividoid aggression.
This burden will continue to mount until the world is free from the Magnividoid menace.
This tape is an attempt to explain to you that Magnividoid menace is not just a mere illusion.

This AI because Magnividoid
The answer involves many details and is not simple.
Most Magnavidoids are ordinary looking people.
Like your seatmate on the bus.
Or a clerk in one of your neighborhood stores.
You probably got time you're wasting on Mickey Mouse stuff now, so that's no big deal.
So why not? So why not?
Why not make a new beginning in your life and see what'll happen?
I don't know. You don't know.
And you will never know.
You have signed the application.
You do have the kit.
None of those things are important.
But there is a point in your life when you've got to just stop talking about it.
And when you've got to stop worrying about what your friends and neighbors and relatives
and uncles and aunts and sisters and brothers and...
everybody else is going to say about it.
Because nobody else is going to pay your bills for you.
Why not? You don't know.
And you will never know.
And who knows? Just maybe.
You're in for a new and exciting experience.
You have signed the application.
What about me? Never mind.
You probably got time you're wasting on Mickey Mouse stuff now, so that's no big deal.
Well, you are joining up with one of the most dynamic, major corporations in the world.
You're joining a group of dedicated people and an organization of great resources,
both human and material.
And you will never know.
None of those things are important.
You have signed the application.
Welcome aboard.
And we'll be looking forward to seeing you.
Whether at conventions in your area or as a new direct distributor.
Something says, look out, this guy is fishy.
Cultist or someone with his theological wires crossed.
Whenever we read the obscene stories, the voluptuous debaucheries,
the cruel and torturous executions,
it would be more consistent to call it the word of a demon.
They may not have found the key to affluence,
but they found...
an endless supply of dope,
uninhibited sex,
an endless supply of money.
What more than a space hogger on Earth
is the church of subgeniuses?
I don't know.
Yes, you're soaking in it as it goes down the drain.
But how many of you are really genuinely intelligent?
Bang.
Are you blaming God for atom bombs,
atomic warheads,
or something else?
I don't know.
I only know that it will signal the end of time.
Why?
Bang.
Oh, okay.
Wow!
Man, that last infusion of joy
was really rocked by a scrabble.
40 years ago, I warned him.
Yes, even though I may be a dirty old monkey,
some folks think I'm lovable.
Take George Lunchpail, for instance.
He's caught in the middle of a battle he can't understand.
And it seems that the opponents in this struggle
are his kids and his wife.
Crime, human dignity, assaulted hedonism,
just about everything you can imagine comes his way.
At the end of a cast-iron red-hot shovel,
I have a whap right across his mug.
But I am okay,
because I've just had a mug of the most delicious
and jiving joy juice and rat poison.
It's the rocket fuel we use on this show,
and even though my carcass is rotting and stinking,
it pushes me forward.
You hear me? Okay?
I think because of your foolish,
miserly ways,
the result is nothing-nothing.
It can't mean something-nothing or nothing-something.
There's no energy, there's no mass,
there's no personality, there's just nothing.
Are we to fade or weakening from nothing-nothing
or something-nothing?
That's what we do here on the show.
America, we make sense.
Well, if I tell you what's happening,
I just can't.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why do they have to do that?
Oh, no.
Will you?
Of course.
Many of our so-called serendipitous insomniac listeners
don't even know the subject we're discussing,
and perhaps we shouldn't enlighten them
because if any sensitive person should investigate
the crucible of our focus,
their consciousness would be seared and burned
clean in the unholy fire of an insane communion.
But it's kind of fun, you know?
It's really not that bad.
Whee!
Whoopee!
Okay, well, that's a pretty good idea,
what I have to look forward to right now.
We're down on the floor of the El Morocco now
at the subgenius ball.
Hey, Doug, let me up.
You're laughing at me.
I don't want to be down here on the floor.
We're laughing with you down there on the floor.
Hey, he was just saying,
he wanted me to do this.
I can get up any time I want.
Yeah, I know.
It looks like you've got plenty of company
down there on the floor.
Why don't you tell us what's going on?
Well, I'm helping initiate a new elbow crop
of subgeniates, etherettes as we call them.
The rocket rookies are in the other room being...
Here's the poop dog hat.
Oh, uh-oh, they're bringing out the poop dog hat.
You know, I, yeah, I...
Yeah, oh, there they go.
There go the subgeniates.
They're all running out.
I, it always happens.
They bring in that horrible, smelly poop dog hat.
You have a second, Gordon.
Puzzling evidence.
For World Federation President...
I don't agree.
Great guidance.
Earth Roman calling great guidance Roman.
Is this in accordance with the plan?
How can we triumph over the human
if we persist in their errors?
Error, error.
This fist is not for row men.
True to the human, nothing is as vile as the waste matter
which issues daily from the...
Or as sublime as the orgasm of the...
Which rewards the thrall of the genetic codex
within the germ plasm.
...program of today's broadcast media.
We don't need to descend to that level on the show as a sub.
But the row men, great guidance,
do not stand like rubes at the county fair,
carny, hypnotized, slack-jawed, and immobilized
at the mere mention of these things.
Okay, here we go.
Now, I just want to back up the show here,
and you, you, the listeners, tell us what you heard.
848445.
If you are a true believer...
Nay, it is for us, the row men,
to shunt and corral.
The lowing herds of cud-chewing human,
hither and yon, for our own high and noble purpose.
Okay, now look at this.
This is what we do.
This is when we pick them up.
And we, uh...
There we go.
Blast it up.
And we bring them up to the ship like this.
It's a buck-toothed po-buck.
And you can just lay them down like this.
From hell!
Oh, uh, excuse me.
Is this your, uh...
And then you can, uh,
re-beak them like this.
And back on the earth, you see?
Well, that's very easy for you to do.
I'm not gonna soil my lily-white hand.
You have the, uh, entire...
...soul wallet.
Eww!
Boy, you could catch something from that thing.
Eww!
...on the G. Gordon Gordon Radio Network, folks,
a flash clandestine recording.
Puzzlin' Evidence!
Oh, no, no.
Our show is certainly not as organized as the Dance with Souls
Booker Show.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And certainly not as slick as the K&O M Diamond Dallas
Picks show.
Yeah, what about the St. Louis show?
And it's not as silly as the K&O M Diamond Dallas








Picks show.
It's not as silly as the Once in a While St. Louis show.
What is this we're listening to?
What is this?
Oh, this is just another show.
Remember, capitalism is not democracy.
Bong cuckoo?
Convenience is not freedom.
Bong cuckoo?
And the government...
Hey, my friend!
...is not your friend.
Bong cuckoo wrong.
Thank you.
Sorry.
Uh, same side of show.
Go ahead.
No censors.
Yeah.
Awesome.










Our own high and noble purposes use these snares when we must, but we are never side-tracked
from our great work by them ourselves.
Do we not claim to be in opposition to the overarching conspiracy?
For it is surely a prime signature of this selfsame conspiracy that youthful males with
downy cheeks and undescended testes, gathering in locker rooms, bleat to each other as extrasomatic
recognition signals.
Those very conspicuous...
...connified litanies of Jejun scatology, which that selfsame conspiracy promulgates to dampen all joy in the true gust of full-blooded, full-bellied yeti enjoyment of life's twin poles of pleasure and pain.
How distasteful to a true rowman, overman. This seeping, septic, toxic fist does incalculable damage to our good cause, and we're all going to have to learn to live with its mephitic effects for an indefinitely long time to come.
Indeed, great guidance, rowman, this rowman knows of more than a few overmen who are now questioning whether the con hasn't irrevocably permeated the subgenie.
...with the publication of this leprous fist, making it time to jump ship. Among these are the pawman, the bofman, and the wellman.
But I, great guidance, rowman, shall never let myself sink into the sludge. I am no normal human. I am a rowman.
I proudly sport the hairy ape body of my yeti forebears.
Over my cephalon, I wear the dime-store space helmet of...
...the perverted science.
And in my heart, I bear undying hatred for all that would drag me down into an insufferable abyss of norm-worm normalcy with the media cretins, meat puppets, pseudo subslans, yuppies, puppies, and bobbies,
JC's, Rotarians, Republicans, rhubarb-eating, fence-straddling, would-be subgenius, mugwumps, sexually frustrated teenagers, and other unwholesome fetuses.
...and other unwholesome fetuses.
...and other unwholesome fetuses.
...from the conspiracy trough.
Sign me, a disgruntled subgenius.
Director, Marketing Research.
Dear disgruntled, although you may be sore at the star fist of removal,
see, not everybody may feel as you do.
Remember, the organization is for all sorts of people, even those you might not normally care to associate with.
So remember, don't be a...
a sourpuss subgenius, be happy.
The next issue of The Fist
may be all sweetness and light.
Until then, it is your job,
even your duty,
to sit down and shut up.
California Highway Patrol Officer
Alvin Yamaguchi caught a
35-pound carp
at the corner of Irvine Boulevard
and Lambert Road.
Yamaguchi, 35,
and partner Bill
grabbed a directing trowel.
There's a caller.
Hello?
Hello?
Are you guys coming in on the right frequency
or coming through my toaster today?
We're coming in on the bottom.
We're at the bottom of the frequency.
Look out.
Whoa!

Whoa!
Is that a real disgruntled
grunt?
Oh, excuse me.
Uh,
I overleaped myself.
I'm bounding over my steps.
Well, leaped and lizard.
Hurry.
Throw a towel over me.
What the hell's going on?
We're experiencing a static storm.
It has to do with the solar prominences
we observed yesterday from the rearward
portal of our space cruiser.
That one
looks like it might be a couple million
miles long.
A couple of
million miles long, dear friends.
Yes, and it was actually a disgruntled, uh,
a comment, but, you know,
hehehehe.
See, this just goes to show that we,
to prove that, uh, we do allow, uh,
dissent in the church of the subgenius,
while we'll even play it on the radio
before we flay them alive.
Kill them. Kill...
No.
Oh, just kidding.
Oh,
oh,
oh,
oh,












just kidding, dear friends.
That was Dr. Howl howling away,
howling, uh, uselessly against
the low-brow, uh,
stooping that we did
in, uh, our, uh, most recent church newsletter,
an experiment which has born wonderful,
wonderful fruit, including that very piece.
By the way, before, uh, those excerpts from the KPFA show,
the Puzzling Evidence Show,
some call it, uh, sorry, Puzzling Evidence, and, of course,
Dr. Howell, you heard about the Magnavido from the Screamin' Popeyes, who I think, I think,
you're getting a, oh, they liked, Raymond Scott there loved the Screamin' Popeyes, dear friends.
And why, let's see, it's getting near to, all right, about five minutes, we'll have to flip
the show over and play side two of the show, but in the meantime, I think we'll just peer deeper
and deeper into Bob's brain and just see what we can find.
Alabama, University of Alabama, University of Alabama, don't get me, Boogerman, have you ever
been talking to the Boogerman, I looked everywhere for him, Bob and the Devil.
Bob and the Devil.
We're in space, now believe it, it's real.
Why, why is it real?
Do you know where you are?
Nowhere.
Nowhere.
Are you tired of trying to get that old clunker started every morning?
Well, jump in and get a pair of Bobco's nuclear boots with levitating green beam action.
Less than a starship, yet more than mere footwear, nuclear boots neatly fill in that yawning gap
between bicycles and undependable space shuttles.
Built-in sonic blaster sounds like a car horn the size of a bowling alley and lets them know
you're coming in a big way.
Really butch Teflon flight suits come in 12 colors and protect you from incineration at high velocities.
Give the cops the slip forever.
Speed traps have become a thing of the past.
And for boot failure below 1,000 feet,
you also get one hell of an airbag.
You'll survive but be ready to bounce for miles.
Comes with cushy activated charcoal, one size fits all liners that can handle even the worst cases of stink foot.
Be the first in your town to break the sound barrier.
Disrupt schools, churches, businesses at will.
Don't bounce off the nice office buildings and make sure to dodge the high tension power lines.
Bobco takes no responsibility for snap necks or untimely decapitations.
And a safety note for you teenagers, our nuclear boots are not intended to be used for repeat head-on collisions even if it is fun.
Our nuclear helmets get mushy every time.

They're designed to be used after five or six direct multi-megaton impacts.
Yes, jets and rockets become passe when you step into a pair of these ozone-ripping wonders.
When you can scare the angels of hell itself, Olympus can be your hot tub.
In a world as shaky as this one, industrial-grade levitating boots like these say something special about the people who wear them.
That they're in one big damn apocalyptic hurry, that's what.
Wouldn't you like to strap on a pair of these big boss blasting babies?
Well, sure you would.
So drive that rattling death trap of yours one last time.
Burn rubber and style as you hurtle to the shoe store.
And nab yourself a box full of the most deadly brain melons.
And the most deadly footwear on the planet, Bobco Nuclear Boots!
From the folks who brought you the Junior Gene Splicing Kit.
Subgenius Industries Unlimited!
...
You're reaching the end of side one of your subgenius radio ministry hour and slack show.
Please be prepared to switch your tape over to side two of your subgenius radio ministry hour and slack show.
Well, that was fine.
I think we have a good band.
At him, he sneezed.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Oh, we met a big moose with a loose tooth.
I said, it's a nice day.
And he said...
Without a physician.
He comes in the box.
Filling herself an abortion without a physician.
He comes in the box.
Filling herself an abortion without a physician.
He comes in the box.
Filling herself an abortion without...
Abuse and control.
Had at its first...
Control.
Had at its first...
Abuse and control.
Follow phone.
Look out.
There, do you know that there's something burning over there?
And this, I do know.
The tender age of 60 hours...
So keep the little...
Gymnasium...
Out of the...
Ballparks.
Where's the stuff coming from?
From the gut.
And it's deadly.
It helps a lot.
Rule it out.
It's dangerous.
He has a good arm.
That doesn't mean anything, Steve.
It's dangerous.
He has a good arm.
That doesn't mean anything, Steve.
It's dangerous.
He has a good arm.
That doesn't mean anything, Steve.
I mean, if 카�
So cute.
idk
Start it, brother...
You really are one У dig a tiny hole.
You are scary with something like that after dreaming.

I see.
Again, don't ask him.
It's loud.
Up...

Down.


Down!
Up!

Up!
So high.
But it doesn't look like Ryan's lying.
He's our big brother at the moment.
Call his mom.
Cha-cha-chah, forward, back, cha-cha-chah, back, forward.
What you gonna play now?
Get up off of that thing, and shake it, you'll feel better.
Get up off of that thing, and shake it, you'll feel better now.
Get up off of that thing, and shake it, you'll feel better.
Get up off of that thing, and try to release that pressure.
Ha ha ha, good man!
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Well, how about cutting a reaper out?
Ha ha ha ha.
Get up on the sheet, Arbor!
Ha ha ha ha.
I sure not feel good!
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.

Let's do the music!
Let's do the music!
Let's do the music!

Let's do the music!
Let's do the music!
Let's do the music!
All we need is a drummer.
All we need is a drummer.
For people who only need a beat, yeah.
For people who only need a beat, yeah.
Beat this!
Beat this!
Beat that beat!
What's up with that bogey?
Play it!
Music kills us, feels un-bills us.
It kills us, it kills us, it kills us.
Kills us?
My kism!
Kism!
Kism!

Kism!
Kism!
My hands in my pants and I need to dance!
Can't pass a beat, I can't pass a beat, I can't pass a beat, I can't pass a hit-bass!
Hit me!
Hit me!
Hit me!

And say, children, what does it all mean?
This stuff is real, you rich!
This stuff is real, you rich!
This stuff is real!


K Purple.


K Shorty.
K Gr majence.
K Salmar.
K J.
You're Russian, I'm American.
We're sitting across from each other.
Dealing man to man, person to person.
That is the point of this entire summit.
Yes, I'm glad you're here.
And let me just put it to you this way.
Are you ready to lay your cards on the table?
I am ready to make deal, Mr. President.
So am I. Let me just show you what I got right here.
I got a 1965 Willie Mays baseball card.
I'll trade you for your Roger Maris.
Wait, I gave you Whitey Ford last time.
I'm entitled to better deal.
Well, this has the original gum in this collector's item.
And I did not anticipate this.
I'm just kidding about the baseball card thing.
Just trying to break the ice.
It's very effective, Mr. President.
Let's get down to the issues of the world, shall we?
Yes.
On the reunification of Germany.
Hold it. Hold on.
What?
Wait a minute.
Just don't move.
Hold on.
What is that on your head?
Oh, please, Mr. President.
Joke about the red spot on forehead made many times.
No, no, no, no.
It's not about the red spot.
It's it.
It's a tick.
By golly, that's a tick.
You serious?
Tick?
Yes, a tick.
Ticks are what those little spiders that cause Lyme disease.
Please, please.
Get tick, please.
Let me get that.
I don't want you to go back.
Hold on.
Hold still.
Let me just slap right.
Mr. President, please.
No.
Is he gone now?
He's taken care of.
You don't want that darn Lyme disease.
That's the scourge of American white people that live in the suburbs.
Certainly, yes.
I don't want you to take that back to Russia now.
Please, let us get back to issues.
Yes, here's.
Now, about the intercontinental ballistic message.
Hold it.
Hold on.
What?
Don't move.
What is it now, Mr. President?
On your cheek.
Well, there's.
There he is.
I didn't get him the first time.
He's on your cheek, the tick that spreads Lyme disease.
Let me just.
We will continue now to deal with this important issue with him.
All right, now Lithuania.
Let's just get.
Mr. President.
Yes.
One moment, please.
All right, what?
What is this?
A small black spot on the face of yours.
I don't know what it is.
What do you say?

Just on my nose.
I got it right there.
Good.
Good.
He's taken care of.
You're learning about this tick stuff pretty fast, aren't you?
It could be fatal disease, I understand.
I've read in your Time magazine.
Now, this business about Germany getting back together.
Mr. President, wait.
The little fellow, he's going to your stomach.
He's now.
I got it right now.
There.
That should take care of him, I hope.
All right, all right.
I'm not worried about ticks.
I had my shots.
Now.
This business about Germany getting back together.
Yes.
You want to make sure that they are not.
Yes, unification of Germany is.
Hold on.
Hold it right on your ear.
Let me get him.
I'll get him right over here.
I don't want the ear bite.
There's that little.
He's gone now.
Now, let's get back to this discussion.
And I hope that these ticks won't interrupt us anymore.
You have infestation.
Wait, on your forehead.
Where am I?
It's on your forehead.
No.
This little hopping creature.
Yes, I must get him.
He's right over here on your head.
No, it's on your head.
No, no, it's on your head.
I'm afraid not.
No, Mr. President, wait.
You must let me.
Whoa, yes, sir.
Rebobby.
Well, let's see where we're at.
Dear friends, to tell you what you have been listening to,
once again, from the top of the half hour
or something like that, there was some media brawage
from, of course, the good Reverend Nick Nolan.
We heard also the nuclear boots, Bob's nuclear boots spot there
from Hellpoke Huey, some music from Sedition Commission
of Houston, Texas, Me by Cates and West, some little bits
of music from Nick Nolan.
He was a great guy.
He was a great guy.
And the little barrage, again, from Radio Sphincter
and Sam Morgan of Austin, I think.
The funky, funky music thing there by Steve Stein.
Oh, they must have loved that Sam Morgan.
And The Summit there by Bill Cates and Billy West.
And yes, dear friends, well now we, let's see how this,
I guess it has been sort of a battle.
But I guess what we should do here is clarify, perhaps,
some of the statements we made in a show a couple of weeks back,
what we might call the Yeti Lust Show, on men and women.
You see, friends, the men should, they should go off and get together to do so-called man things.
The most common example would be some variation on going to the lodge,
such as when the guys sit around and smoke stinky cigars, talk dirty, play bad jazz, etc.
And the women, the women should, should have their women.
Groups and so forth, where they sit around and drink and talk dirty and play bad jazz and so forth.
This makes the men more manly and the women more womanly.
And then the men and women can more passionately indulge in the most important lodge meeting,
that is, doing the man and woman things.
This does not mean just sex.
This includes talking.
And joking and everything else.
The man and the woman should try to be as purely themselves as possible,
so that when the times of, the holy times of communion come,
that new entity, the man and woman love entity,
is made all the stronger and healthier.
We're sick of people apologizing.
We're sick of people apologizing for the differences between men and women.
Apologizing, dear friends.
Those differences are God's greatest invention.
Nature's God, that is.
Don't get the wrong idea.
We're talking pre-Jehovah One.
But this sappy, new-agey, unisex fairy tale
has been taken to repellent extremes by well-meaning, screwed-up idiots.
The conspiracy couldn't be happier than to see every source of passion and truth
and beauty watered down to the point that they can control such virtues
through artificial replacements.
The only differences between the fundamentalist Khan's use of guilt as a control device
and the new-age Khan's use of it is that the former is based on old cartoon-like superstitions
while the latter is based on new, more subtle superstitions.
Now, this is not to say that...
all subgenius males must be swaggering he-men
and the women must be hookers with hearts of gold, although that is usually the case.
There are those who really are more naturally androgynous
and there are those who are flat-out...
well, to use Queer Nation's term, which we find liberatingly ornery.
Well, we just did.
Bob doesn't care what you are as long as you aren't pretending not to be it.
If you are androgynous...
or homosexual or whatever, then...
Durn it.
Be androgynous or homosexual or whatever, but do it to your heart's content,
not to some pinkly-correct self-help book's content.
What we're saying is that you mustn't let either side of the conspiracy steal away your passion and instincts,
because once they have those, they have it all.
That innermost, deepest part of your brain,
is the last place you can be truly free.
Truly, yourself, if you can sneak away physically from the others long enough,
you can keep that essence of yourself even in prison.
Yet, you can just as easily lose it as a prosperous, free civilian on the street
if you let them get to you with their nasty-minded, stomach-souring, anxiety-perpetuating regulations
and stereotypes.
Whoa! Now, does this mean that just because you feel the real you is a sadist and rapist and child molester
that you should be the real you by doing those things?
Get real! We will not fall into that conspiracy argument loop!
That's not the real you, that's the diseased you!
Rape or harassment of any kind is sick! Totally sick!
And if the subtenuous foundation had control of the courts, dear friends,
public castration without anesthetic on live TV would be the least of the sex criminals' worries.
Sex crimes involve victims. We're talking about sex.
That is, when one or more persons do things together because they all want to.
Children do not enter into this equation because by definition they cannot truly want to
the way an adult does, and those who argue for legalizing sex of any kind between adults and kids
should have their faces skinned!
Sex is anything mutually consensual between adults.
Anything else is a depraved crime, and even though the conspiracy is ultimately to blame,
anyone who calls itself a subgenius and is even thinking of perpetrating such a crime
should turn themselves into the conspiracy medical authorities immediately
and get themselves locked up and drowned.
Senseless.
Or find Jesus or something. Anything but that.
Bob has no feeling whatsoever for the rapist, the child molester, the wife beater.
He does not even think of them, because it's one of those things he truly cannot understand at all.
They are damned, truly damned, simply by his inattention.
Which means, dear friends, that come X-Day and the remote possibility that
Mwom didn't already have plans in this regard,
Bob would probably leave justice up to the kangaroo courts of the overmen and the uber-women.
But my God, if you all agree that you want to sodomize each other or chain each other up
or whatever the hell you strange people do, then go for it!
The conspiracy gets away with pushing you around in almost every other regard.
At least don't let them push you around in the bedroom.
Demonstrate your rebellion there, even if no one else sees.
That itself serves to remind you how little you care what they think.
Of course, you can't repent and quit your job every day, but you can,
just for the sake of doing it, just for your own satisfaction.
Break the rules and snub your nose at the normals there in the bedroom or the bathroom or the dungeon or wherever.
Break the rules by getting yourself in trouble.
And if you try to go like this, you'll end up getting yourself more turned on than they ever told you was possible.
Tell your partner your weird thoughts.
Deliberate upon the weird suggestions of your partner.
Take our word for it, Jesus doesn't care and Mom and Dad don't need to know.
The important thing is that you don't end up, well, screwing yourself.
For that is the conspiracy's plan for you.
When you so-called do it.
Therefore, do it real nasty, just like the normals don't want you to do.
Well, that sort of thing is what the church is all about.
Not just that, but that's not the only thing.
But when we did an all-nasty version of the stark fist of removal church journal,
some less fully liberated subgeniuses were afraid that the church hierarchy,
I guess especially the church hierarchy bold surrealist redneck southerners,
had rutted the magazine permanently into the gutter.
Well, friends, all we can say is do it just like the normals don't want you to do.
Well, easy for you to say, Bob, you may say.
Hell, I can't even find a date, much less indulge my true yeti urges.
Have you no mercy, Bob, they plead.
Well, dear friends, following the path of least respect,
least resistance should not be that hard.
In fact, it's supposed to be the easiest thing in the world.
So quit focusing all your attention on the search for a mate.
Keep up the requisite activity, but diffuse your attention so that you don't glow with desperation,
which is a surefire subliminal auraic turnoff.
Defocus your attention onto following the path of least resistance in all things.
And as your overall luck begins falling into place,
as slack,
increases across the mental board,
then your luck in getting some will naturally increase as well.
That's another way of saying, I suppose, get ahead by giving up.
You're not really giving up, you're actually temporarily reshuffling your priorities for a more rich and full perspective.
Stop praying to Bob just for romance.
Pray for everything!
Vast wealth, perfect health without exercising,
a second forehead stereo video deck,
and
the romance.
All of it!
Don't be a sitting daca, a target for binding demons by becoming a...
a beacon, a vampire beacon of obsessive self-pity and unfulfilled need.
If you fixate to the point of desperate compulsion on one thing,
your mental eye will grow a saddle with Negi's name on it,
and you'll be sure to blow it.
Can't get that date on Friday night?
Well, you've probably been neglecting your hobby of inventing practical non-pollutionary,
including portable fusion reactors anyway.
Or try culling up that blind girl in the apartment downstairs.
She won't care how you look as long as you smell clean.
And who knows, she might turn out to be a secret subgenius sex maniac
with an even bigger collection of science fiction movie soundtrack albums than yours.
And remember, dear friends,
remember this one last thing,
that you can always keep in your mind,
no matter how bleak and terrible things get.
You can always go fishing.
Oh, thank you, and, uh...
a good night.
See you tomorrow.
Thanks, Gary.
See you, Gary.

Well, uh, how did you four guys begin your together life?
What do you mean, two guys?

As you know her, we closely respect each other and we wouldn't have sex unless it's the two of us.
Oh, I see.
I wouldn't mistake
you for civilians because you wouldn't hold it back.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you thank you.
Thank you.
To the subtitles are providing a copy of EXCLUSIVE DR.

The song that refused to die.
It was a stinky little old song.
Yeah, this was a song that refused to die.
It wouldn't go away.
It just kept on lumbering along.
Note after note.
Packed in with such frenzy confusion
that no one could understand a word, a lyric, a single meaning.
But it was a song still.
The drummer kept drumming.
The bass player kept playing.
The guitar player kept guitaring.
And all the time the song lumbered along, refusing to die.
Never would it die.
Always seeking to renew itself.
To refound its own self-identity.
Somewhere deep within its inner being,
it knew that it was a song.
And it knew that it would refuse to die under any circumstances.
That no matter how long the universe lasted,
that no matter how long people,
believed in things,
no matter how long the human intellect was conscious,
it was a true song.
The one song that refused to die.
Yeah, and even when people thought it was dead,
it got back up and it walked around on all four legs.
And then somebody shot off one leg.
And then it got back up again on three legs.
The song was...
It lumbered around for a while again.
On three legs.
Out of control.
They came at it with neutron howitzers.
They had nuclear bombs.
They had scud missiles.
They had Patriot missiles shooting down the scud.
They had everything trying to go up against the song.
It refused to die.
But it wouldn't be stopped.
It was beyond being stopped or even being controlled.
Tiny screaming, wild whining voices couldn't stop it.
Guitars, speed and hats couldn't stop it.
People with big sticks and boards couldn't stop it.
Nothing could stop the song that refused to die.
They shot it down.
They stabbed it.
They brought it back to life.
They resurrected the song.
And then before they knew it, it had to die.
The mistake was that the song did not die.

They thought it couldn't die, but somehow or another it did die.
It really wasn't the song that refused to die.
It was the song that died easily.
It was the song that forgot its own reasons for existence.
It was the song that was a tiny pushover.
It had no endurance whatsoever because it was the song that agreed to die.
He has to get the show going.
This is a big day.



They're going to be crushed.








It was the song that agreed to die after just a tiny bit of abuse,
and the song that refused to die suddenly was bending over backwards in a hurry to die.
It's a song that couldn't die fast enough.
It's a song that stopped living before it ever died.
It never even got a chance to live before it was dying.
It was a useless song, a song that never had even a reason.
It was a song that couldn't be conceived.
It was a song that was pre-existing before man.
But still, it couldn't wait to die.
It wanted to die. It wanted to die so bad.
