From PR News in Washington, I'm close to being brought under control.
The past is bleak since four.
In South Dakota, firefighters say prices on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, called symptomatic of reluctance to join in global ecstasy, gained one point.
They're ready to explain that claim of information situation investigation.
The White House says this is PR News.
PR News, Washington.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates has canceled South America for eight days after state lawmakers failed to break Pennsylvania.
Congressional Democrats are set to resume PR News in Washington.
PR News.
This is Bob speaking to you from the central control room.
There we go.
Now an incredible story of the world's most powerful...
...beyond.
I woke up with the sun in my eyes and I saw a figure moving.
Do you want all this trash?
What trash?
These papers in your pockets and a note.
What does it say?
I'm not surprised you can't read this morning. I'm surprised you're breathing this morning.
No, no, please Marge.
All right. It says...
The Self Genius Power of Splash.
Now, darling, you mustn't be depressed. It's not your fault.
The world doesn't understand creative artists anymore.
But what will we tell the children, dear?
Say, would you like to have a drink?
But first, hear this.
Wheaties presents...
X-Day.
X-Day.
Exciting half hour.
I'm thinking of a girl, very attractive too.
A young girl with, a young girl with at least a high school diploma.
She'll never regret it. And neither will you.
X-Day.
Keep an appointment with doom.
Oh, Henry, what is it this time?
Oh, some more of that flying sphere nonsense.
Six inch, six inch.
Henry, your staff?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
The world of adult reality.
That's funny.
Oh, Henry.
X-Day.
We'll continue in just a moment.
Here is the champion.
Now, young man, will you tell us what you do for a living?
I pitch.
You what?
Pitch, pitch, pitch, pitch, pitch, pitch.
I pitch.
Oh, yes, yes, I see.
What is your name, young man?
I'm Bob. And you know it as well as I do.
Sure I do, Bob. It's good to see you.
Tell me, Bob, how long have you been eating Wheaties?
Oh, about 20 years, give or take a couple.
What's so strange about that? Milk and fruit.
You're right as rain, Bob.
No champ ever said a truer word about Bob.
Breakfast of champions.
No respect.
First the dog, now this.
A little six inch, a little six inch.
Well?
Hello, hello. I'll wait for you in the rear.
Shut up, shut up. Must be going out of my mind.
Must be going out of my mind.
Shut up, shut up.
I'm having hallucinations. I've got to get out of here.
We have weapons of destruction.
My people will have prepared something quite shocking.
Poor chap is obviously suffering from delusion.
Well, he's not the only one in Washington today.
You know, we've been getting a whole string of crack-ups lately.
Bigwigs blowing their tops under pressure.
Say, say, say, say.
Feel good all morning long.
Officially, weird force from government laboratory.
Control.
Yes, wild travel to another planet may seem highly imaginative to us today.
In the year 2000,
it may be commonplace.
Watch out, we're going crash!
What is it, buddy? What is it, buddy?
Well, that's strange.
Border patrol. Border patrol.
1938. 1938.
1938.
500 years.
To be my own great-grandfather.
Look into that instrument.
Look into it.
Men robbed of all willpower.
It was stupidity. It was stupidity.
A means of radio.
What was that?
I don't know.
Hand me that gun.
Give it to me.
Why, yes, we came here to make a treaty.
It would be useless to explain to me.
I am only a soldier acting under order.
Is it true that you are revolutionary?
That in this age of science,
we cannot hope to isolate ourselves from the rest of the universe.
May I look, sir?
Oh, why, of course.
Get through the telebi.
This is incredible.
I don't understand.
Oh, I see.
Let me speak to the leader.
Calling the leader.
Calling the leader.
I didn't understand.
When Miss Helm is in place,
you'll never thank her or speak again.
Man the ray gun.
Don't try to switch.
I can fix that.
Okay, buddy.
You can come out any time you want now.
There's no time to lose.
What does this mean?
Now!
Now!
The police decide to use the clean room.
Most of these people probably won't live to see the end of this tape.
Never, never, never.
Never, never.
No, never.
Never, never, never.
Never again.
Never again.
Never.












You're reaching right now, Bob.
I've been down to the church, standing in the dark, watching Douglas.
Priests have their knives.
Too late!
Yes! It's the curse!
This is too much.
I, a doctor, a man of science, have no right to...
This is too much.
This is too much.
This is too much.
I hope they come back.
That was last year.
I waited a long time and I'm still here.
I know the people in Sherman and Buffalo and Cleveland.
I said, are you Michigan fucks?
I'd rather like your stomach.
I'm a fucker.
Mr. Harold.
I love you, Mr. Harold.
Short lived experience.
Too many people crowded on the same vessel.
Too many people crying out the same things.
This isn't the way I had it planned.
This isn't what I paid my money for.
I'm not ready to take a shower.
I'm not ready to...
This isn't it.
This is what I paid for in my shit quelque chose à faire.




But I thought it was a good idea to leave it like that.
So I said sure, gotta Inform Song, Time has слишком late.
I got it.
I got it.
Keep that up.
So now it's X-Day in 2017
Stang is long in the tooth but clean and mean
He counts his money while the fools come and go
Expecting an apocalypse
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo




And I look back
So fondly I might add
All the friends I made, the acquaintance I might have had
I wonder if there's something missing, maybe it's part of my life
Maybe it's part of my brain
They been doing a lot of digging, probing
They say it's to keep me sane
They wonder if I
Packed up my gear
And if I stuck my toothbrush in my bag of beer
And if I have everything ready
So there's no drip drip stains
When I start bleeding all over this fucking place again
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo


guitar solo
guitar solo

recommends
Thank you.
We just made that up.
And that's why we was the last band,
because we sucked them off,
but we could make songs up as we go along.
Anybody like to have a theme they like to have expressed?
Uh, yeah, I've got a theme for you, dear friends.
A Lonesome Cowboy Dave really did make that up on the spot.
So did the rest of the band.
I ain't kidding you.
That was Lonesome Cowboy Dave and the Mondo Retardo Band
live at 10X Day, recorded about a week ago,
with Lonesome Cowboy Dave singing.
And I expect him to call in any minute.
Reverend Angry Larry on bass guitar,
making it up as he goes along.
He's also playing in the background,
with Senator Thompson Speck on drums,
in this Amino Acids live at X Day,
which is running behind me.
And with Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
there was also the beautiful Princess Wee
on flute and vocals.
Well, no, I guess she wasn't on vocals on that one.
We got surprisingly good recordings of some of the bands,
and some of the bands were surprisingly good at 10X Day.
Oh, before that song, we heard some old Media Barrage cuts,
but also new titles, intro, and X Day collages
by Leemur, Fernando Nendi Leemur, and...
Norell Preff.
I have to keep my eye on the phone button here.
In case Dave calls, I'm all by myself, friends.
But that's okay, because I can use a little bit of privacy
after 10X Day, yes, the 10th annual Migration.
And to the breeding grounds of the subgeniuses.
And the subgeniuses bred true.
That's about all they did.
They bred true.
They did a lot of breeding and mating.
We saw many new relationships flare up.
That's always so romantic.
But the X's, the men from Planet X
that we were expecting to come and rescue us
from outer space for 30 bucks,
well, they were a no-show.
It's happened before.
Sigh.
Sigh.



And I just came into the studio tonight
because there is lots of news,
although most of it's not very urgent now,
now that the X's didn't come.
Although, you know, they always take part of...
They didn't take us up into the saucers,
but they take parts of us.
They took a lot out of me this time.
They always do.
This time they took more of my hearing
and more memories.
Although they left me...
They left me with some new horrible memories
that I wish I could get rid of.
The worst is the memory of what Reverend Magdalene lost.
She actually lost the most
because, friends, I hate to inform you,
if you're familiar with the subgenius child custody case,
Reverend Magdalene lost in the appellate court
that was announced last Friday.
The three new judges gave...
her ex full custody of the kid.
And the main reason is because
she had pictures of Bob around her house.
Friends, you...
Who's next?
Alfred E. Newman?
Is it going to be to where you aren't a fit parent
if you have pictures of Alfred E. Newman around?
Because, you know, that mad magazine that he represents
makes fun of serious subjects like, you know, the president.
And I guess the subgenius material
makes serious fun of false prophets.
But there's a lot of people that love their false prophets
and they don't want any child raised by a skeptical person
or something.
Or a fun-loving person, I guess.
I don't know.
We learn more about how that guy has managed
to get away with so much.
The ex.
And I was sickened.
It's really...
pretty horrifying.
But there was good news from Ex Day,
number 10,
because we recorded three or four hours of Slack
with Dr. Howell, our special guest,
and with Lonesome Cowboy Dave
and Reverend Bleepo Abernathy,
who showed up at Ex Day,
and various other artistes
who got up on Tarzan's radio station on stage.
And you'll be hearing those shows pretty much uncut
as well as Ask Dr. Howell in the coming weeks.
But what I was going to play tonight,
especially if Dave doesn't call,
is music from Ex Day.
Sometimes the recordings are a bit rough,
and sometimes you can almost tell
that they're making it up as they go along.
Ironically, subgeniuses are better
at making us jamming improvisationally
than playing something they supposedly have rehearsed,
as Lonesome Cowboy Dave's set certainly proved.
But you see, here's the way it works.
In Dobbstown, when you're a young subgenius student
and you're recruited and you go off to Dobbstown in Malaysia,
the overmen teach you how to function under panic situations.
You are taught to make up songs or poems or rants,
and they have to be good, on the spot,
while you're being used, shall we say,
by the overmen.
By overmen or high priests.
And you have to be funny or die.
And you have to be sort of hitting the note,
even though you don't know what note the next guy's going to give.
You are taught to have this sort of intuition.
And we'll be playing some examples of that
from Five-Fisted Tales of Connie,
which is the Ex Day jam band.
Oh, I think I see the phone.
Now let's see what happens if I start...
I'll start to push...
I'll push buttons here.
Do we hear any...
Any at all?
I knew there was a Dave out there.
An aimless Dave.
I've been pointing it, but I can't find the target.
The Daves of our lives.
I'm glad you made it.
I kind of made it.
I was just thinking about something.
You know your Reverend Angry Larry there of the aminic acids?
Yeah, heard in the background.
Oh.
Well, he's kind of tuning up, but that's okay.
I'm psychic.
Yeah.
It's...
Yeah.
Does that name come from the restructuring of the Stooges?
Reverend Angry Larry?
Yeah.
No.
He has explained to me that all the people question him
because, you know, to look at him,
he doesn't look very angry most of the time.
And he doesn't look like Larry either, you know.
No.
But he is rather...
The whole amino acids thing is very Stooge-oriented and inspired.
But he says he lets his anger loose when he gets on stage,
when he plays that game.
He's a good guitarist.
He's a good guitarist.

I barely made it...
I was just wondering who plays the maudlin's overly sympathetic,
caring, loving maul?
And who plays the introspective Curly?
Oh, I don't know because the amino acids changed personnel
and you can't tell because of their insectile faces.
You know what I'm saying?
So I can't answer your question.
But I think...
I think it may be Johnny Depp on the theremin now.
And what's that actress's name?
Scarlett O'Hara?
No, Scarlett Johansson.
Oh, yeah.
On the bass.
On the bass.
Yeah.
Senator Thompson Speck is always on drums.
I think that's how it's working.
He's pounding away.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I barely made it into the station myself, Dave.
My car is sort of like yours.
A last minute decision?
It's a good thing that was all downhill from Cleveland Heights to the station.
Let me put it that way.
You rolled in a barrel.
Yeah, I don't know how I'm going to get back.
Oh, you're saying your car was arguing with you like Angry Larry?
Yeah.
Yeah, but we'll fix it.
Princess We couldn't be here because she's busy planting starwood,
which starts up in a couple of weeks.
And we both are very densely involved in that self-same thing.
What would you call that?
A love in, a knowledge out, health out, sickness in, a cool out, man.
Yeah.
No, that's not what you call it at all.
You call it a total and complete nervous mental breakdown.
Starwood?
Yeah.
Well, for some people, maybe.
For me, it's relaxation after the nervous breakdown of running X day.
And the disappointment, of course, is not having the saucers pick us up.
You know, I saw them, as usual.
I saw hundreds.
And every time I point, subgeniuses just did not seem to be concerned
that there were alien craft hovering above the place.
Well, that happened last year.
We didn't see the spaceships until we looked at the video almost a year later.
Yeah, but they're always there.
And I'm always pointing them out to people.
And they go, you know.
Oh, you see them.
Sure, you.
Well, they're obvious.
Maybe you.
Anyone should see them.
Some of us subgeniuses are mayhem.
They're made to where we can't see the UFOs.
And I'm one of those.
With a third nostril, you should be able at least to smell their presence.
And sometimes the presents are stinky indeed.
Like I say, I always look at the video.
And that's when I finally see them.
A creature, an ocular creature, an eyeball man.
I've got to put that on YouTube.
There's a bunch of, I have footage of an X, of a flying saucer.
Well, a light in the sky over Brushwood last year.
And there are YouTube videos.
Videos now of this X-Day that Mr.
Mr.
Sistar put up.
If you're a YouTube.
You saw one also then, right?
If you're a YouTube-y kind of guy.
No, these weren't videos of X-Days.
These were videos of, I mean, of saucers.
This was of breastages and bands, which is really what I guess when it comes down to,
that's what the festival's all about.
When Bob doesn't arrive and the saucers don't arrive, what else is there but bands and breastages and food?
Did you ever think that?
That perhaps Bob might have been lied to back in the day?
And that he doesn't recognize that there are aliens among us who are screwing up sound systems
or causing electrical problems near the tub spa?
Well, we know all that.
Or the toilets to overflow and begin arguing with the natives?
That's standard procedure.
That's the way it's always been.
Those aren't aliens.
Those are gremlins, Dave.
No, but the aliens...
Or demons from hell.
Well...
But it's not...
I kept my aliens from outer space.
Are you superstitious or something?
Well, I'm asking you...
They're just...
It's Satan-inspired imps, dude.
That's all.
God, some people believe anything.
I'm saying that the Xs are alien-inspired demonic imps.
And they know, but they come there, and they're not really there to pick people up.
They're there to personally destroy them, either psychically, psychologically, emotionally, physically.
Well, they did me in pretty well.
And you're not looking so good yourself.
So I'd say they're getting...
They're getting our health.
Parts of our wallets.
They're sucking our health.
They're stealing our identities.
I don't even know if this is really me talking.
For all I know, I'm mind-controlled by some puppet master alien thing.
Yeah.
You may have indeed gone through the whole mill three or four times, and you may have just a vestige of a personality left, and you think it's still you.
Meanwhile, you're going to the wrong bus stops, talking to the wrong people at the wrong stores, and, you know, claiming to know them, and you don't.
Well, that's the fear.
Every X-Day.
That, in fact, the world has ended, but we're in such deep denial that we're still walking through the rubble thinking we're walking to the bus stop.
And we're sitting in a destroyed office building at a destroyed desk, thinking we're in our nice air-conditioned office and desk.
Now, to me, that makes more sense than the Upanishads.
That makes more sense than the Vedas or the Bible.
That makes more sense than the Holy Quran.
That's not saying much today.
That makes more sense than any holy book ever written or spoke or thought of.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's really—wow, gosh, I'm real impressed.
It makes more sense than those holy books.
No, it clicks.
It clicks.
It makes everything snap together so neatly.
Well, I don't feel like I'm on my escape vessel, and since we didn't get the saucers or X-Day, we tend to sit around reliving the next best thing, which is the drill for X-Day.








Soaking in the photos and the audio and the video, which you guys can all see on alt.slack or YouTube.
If you have an internet.
Some of them are so flaccid, the day's activities consisting entirely of watching the replays of the replays of the replays of the reenactments.
Well, that's essentially what I do, but I'm the person who sells the replays of the reenactments.
Yeah.
I have a vested interest.
And there's some cute galleys.
There's some cute galleys there.
You know, that keeps my interest up.
It makes you in a lot better mood when you have to sit at a swag table at 93 degrees.
No, I mean, we do make other people do that, but soon we've turned over a new leaf.
We're going to make everybody sit in the swag shack in the 90-degree heat from now on.
Yeah, and then everybody will have to wear the missionary hats and assume the missionary pose.
Oh, they do that anyway, but they don't want to work while they're doing it, see?
And we're going to make everybody who comes to X-Day work for an hour instead of having—
Poor old me.
Poor old me.
We're going to make everybody who comes to X-Day work for an hour instead of having—

We're going to make everybody who comes to X-Day work for 99 hours straight and no overtime.
Actually, I got repaid wonderfully in slack and presence and good recordings, actually, afterwards.
But once again, the recordings are not of human beings.
The recordings are of—
Bonobos.
There was Bonobo Convergence.
In fact, I have a killer instrumental by them coming up that I don't want to talk over.
Mm-hmm.
And probably—
Probably in about 15 minutes, I'm going to cut you off so that we can go back and listen to you singing on your songs.
And also so we can hear Reverend Pisces.
She and the Five-Fisted Tales of Connie cranked out a whole lot of automatic songs.
Well, okay.
How about if I just call you back in three or four hours?
No, no.
Let's not do that.
Let's just give it another 15 minutes, and that'll give me another 15 minutes at the end, and we'll be timed out.
Because time control is what it's all about, and yet that's somehow—
Did you notice everything at X-Day Festival happened backwards from the schedule?
Oh, of course I did.
That was the first thing I noticed, that the X-Day actual drill itself had been completed when I first got there on Monday morning.
First we cleaned up.
Then we made the mess.
Then we unpacked.
And yet somehow it all works.
Well—
There was some sort of integral flow involved in the whole thing,
but anybody who has the ability to stay way outside the fence and look down on them like an observational eye capsule thing
could understand that things were quickly, quickly, quickly going backwards.
And I don't know.
Right.
People would go to the bathroom, and then they would eat.
Well, I noticed people's—the size of their heads actually changed during, you know, different times in the day.
And I think when you're going linearly forward,
when you're going forward in time, in a linear, linear, linear, linear, linear direction,
you can't begin to tell—you can't notice, you don't notice that people's heads expand and contract throughout the day.
But in backwards time, you can.
I think little kids can see it.
Because their heads kind of go up and down.
When they first wake up, their heads are kind of small, and they swell during the day.
The babies, you know, the ones with the soft heads up to about, what, 16 or so?
Yeah, the ones born with pipes in.
Yeah.
And they have mouths as an aperture connected to the macular organ.
Well, did you see all the kids mating out there this year, though?
Some of them missed the mark and mated with animals.
But it was, you know, pretty successful, I think, for most of the X days in the past,
where we had mass mismatings and mismatchings.
That's true, because we spent one X day just doing divorces and counseling.
And crying people apart who hated each other.
We're actually having sexual things.
Well, that's probably what will happen next.
On 11 X day, we'll be counseling all the kids that became lovers at this X day.
And there really were some.
Did you know?
I don't know about the old people.
I don't know if the old people scored.
I was just wondering if you did counsel any of the grandchildren of the early subgena A.
Yes, I have, in fact.
Because it's hard for many of them.
It's hard for many of them to take with their brains oozing out like that.
And learning that they've lived in a cult, inside a cult for generations.
And it's all based on a lie or at least a false paradigm.
Well, they rebel, of course.
The kids that are raised by subgenius parents, first they go to a subgenius survivor's meeting
and find out that they've been abused by being shown photos of a smiling man with a face.
And told to chant.
His name for 24 hours straight.
Or lied to.
We don't call them lies.
We call it liturgy.
It's the doctrine.
It's the lies.
What do you mean?
It's the teachings of Bob.
From year to year.
And those darn damn things never coming and helping us out as they were planned and intended to.
It's depressing.
I don't know.
Well, I got over it myself a long time ago.
Of course you would.
You make my hands over 50 to these people with false doctrines.
Well, it's true.
Poor old Dr. Legume in 1998.
He came up to me after the festival was over going,
it's going to be kind of sad to hear that the church is going to close down now.
I said, what the hell are you talking about?
We're just now starting to make a buck off this thing.
What do you mean close down?
He goes, well, I had a vision on mushrooms.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
I think that was a.
Vision of somebody else's.
That's the problem with having a vision on mushrooms.
You may co-opt someone else's vision and view it as your own.
I thought I was going to the bathroom most of the time I was performing.
I thought I had gone up.
Dave, you were actually going to the bathroom and performing.
I thought that was part of your act.
I thought that was performance art or something.
There was no.
You mean.
Yeah.
Didn't you.
I was really.
Why don't you ever wonder about the.
The stains and the wet.
And the.
The little.
Things dropping out of your.
No.
Trousers.
No, no.
When it happens, I.
It usually takes a while for me to kind of reform.
I figured you rehearsed that.
The current dimension.
Because you always let go right at the end of a song like.
Ta-da.
Ah.
And then it's all just runs out.
I thought that was like, how does he have that much control?
How can he let it out exactly on the beat like that?
I had no idea.
It's like one.
When the crescendo is happening, you see the stain start and then spread.
And then when it gets real big.
Oh, man.
The very last drum beat.
And then these little eggs start.
You start shaking those little things out of your trousers.
Well.
It's weird.
Buddy, I could apologize to or do I.
I mean, you know, since I.
No, we don't pray in this church.
Huh?
We don't pray and apologize to this in this church.
But I mean.
Because, you know, who knows who might be listening.
To be there for it.
You know what I mean?
Well, you can look at the video.
You can look at the video someday.
When we transfer them to those hand crank projectors like you insist on.
I thought I had that all taken care of, man.
I mean, I really did.
I thought I knew where I was at each individual moment.
I thought I knew where I was.
Everybody does it.
Brushwood at X day.
But then every 30 seconds, they find out they were wrong now, don't they?
That accounts for the blurs.
Yeah.
Suddenly, you're one minute.
You're at Doc Frop's camp.
Fropping up.
Talking to Doc Frop.
And then the blur happens.
And you think you're still there.
But you.
You blink and you realize, oh, no, I'm in that orgy tent cabin thing that those New Yorkers set up.
And then, you know, then you're somewhere else.
There was an orgy camp this year.
Oh.
Oh, that was just a joke, Dave.
No, I was just kidding.
Well, you said you'd tell me if there was.
Oh, yeah.
Of course we would.
You know we would, Dave.
If there was a big orgy camp.
Well, it's not like.
It's not like we would deliberately.
Not tell you just for.
Well, it's not like.
Because of the stains or anything like that.
No, no.
Of course, man.
No, it just didn't happen.
I guess they were lazy this year.
I guess they weren't feeling.
There was, you know, the kids, of course, the under 40s.
Were had some sort of a get together.
Yeah.
So you're saying that it wasn't because of the offensive shifting and phasing back and forth.
That I wasn't invited.
There wasn't anything for you to be disinvited.
I did today.
If I, you know, and it wasn't any fun anyway.
Well, I noticed there are a lot of people walking around with big, juicy Chateaubriand
steaks in their hands and large, big, huge drafts of large lager, herring, beers.
Well, they went out and got those separately.
Those weren't like handed out to just everybody.
Yeah.
Except you.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah.
I noticed.
Yeah, not you.
Not you, Dave.
I'd walk down the path and like a brightly lit little town.
And.
And I'd get a few feet in front of a place.
And suddenly the gate would.
Like nobody was around.
Yeah.
And the gate would slam shut just as you were walking up.
Well, Dave, I wouldn't take it personally.
You know, there's like a limited space at some of those orgy camps.
That's all.
And the listeners are going, yeah, I bet it's really just a sausage fest.
And believe me.
Sausage fest.
Well, that's the term that our jealous friends have accused us of.
I've actually heard a high, high mistress over mistress Salatia was griping that it was in fact a taco fest.
And it was all young girls and old guys who were too tired and and and busy with their endless spouting and jabbering and religious stuff to, you know, take the job with the chicks.
Yeah.
Whose sausages actually come to resemble tacos?
So it's like three girls.
Well, there's also the trannies.
Which we have plenty of at any X day.
And it's becoming increasingly hard to tell, of course, because they get more practice all the time.
It was.
I was very confused by one transmission.
And I actually walked.
I, you know, wanted to look a little closer at this beautiful woman.
And then I got close enough to look at the beautiful woman.
And I found it was a rather.
Hey, Dave, keep talking.
Keep talking.
Just because I have to go let some robber into the station.
So I'm going to leave the amino acids on the background.
And you this show is yours, baby, for 30 seconds.
See you.
OK.
OK.
Well, my reminiscences, my my recollections of X day, probably the fondest one I have was the the spanking weapon party where three of the elderly males were led to the surface of the ballroom, the the shiny surface there and were spanked by other slightly less elderly members.
And then there was the mass extinction, which I also liked.
And there were different little giveaways.
Dave, what did you tell them?
Huh?
Well, I'm back.
What did you tell them?
Mass spanking and then the mass extinction.
Oh, but I didn't.
Well, I'm going to have a tape of this, so I'll know what you said.
Huh?
I have a tape of this.
I'll know what you said.
Well, it wasn't very quick or erudite or cool or smart.
No, it wasn't true or good.
Well, it was true, though.
Huh?
In the eye of your beholder.
And I don't know what you're beholding right now, but I'd like to be holding that nice, nice reverend I saw.
Could you cook in those pancakes?
Yeah, she looked like a pancake.
Could you describe her?
Oh, I didn't tell the listeners about the miracle pancake.
There really was one.
There's always a pancake kook off.
And the pan kooks were sitting there just cooking.
I guess they were down towards the last pancake.
And they poured the last little not quite enough batter in.
And it dribbled a bit over to one side on the bottom left.
And they went ahead and cooked it up.
And by gobs, if that pancake cooked by Reverend V and Reverend Annie did not look like a silhouette of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
It certainly did.
Now, some people talk about a taco with a Jesus on it or a damn fence post with the mayor on it.
But this was a—every day.
We've had a next-day Dobbs-headed burger.
We had a Dobbs-head appear on a burger.
But this time it was a pan kook.
And these items were all genuinely—they were all bona fide and all certified.
It was not done as an artwork.
It appeared spontaneously, like animalcules appear in a closed jar.
And the state health department come by and examined them.
And found that they were indeed the articles that they had claimed that they had made.
And we went from there.
And—
Uh-huh.








Just as history.
I mean, I don't know what I mean at this point.
And I flunked history.
Did you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was thinking about, you know.
The future.
Bob.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Even at an early age?
Yeah.
If you know Bob, you don't need to know the future because—or history.
Because Bob is the past and the future.
Well, once again—
Not to be confused with the future.
With this next day in mind, I would say that's also—
So alive.
And that Bob has no more an idea of what's going to happen in the future than anyone.
The amino acids I heard in the background.
Well, the albinos are probably your best source of information for what's really going on
in the Church of the Subhaniauts.
But there are some drawbacks in following their liturgical path.
It consists of exploded eardrums, damaged testicles.
And—
Did you know the story—
If you have both, it might get more like damaged testiclee.
Damos.
For some people.
On the other hand, though, there's so many peni.
It just doesn't make sense in the world of the Church of the Subgenius because it's the opposite of everything.
It's like Bizarro World.
It is.
It is a lot like Bizarro World.
I notice anti-characters and anti-humans throughout the whole celebration.
The people who claim to be—
Me Bizarro Subgenius.
Me hate slaps.
Me hate slaps.
What happened to the justice system in the state of New York?
Is there something wrong there?
It was taken over by the Justice League of America, which was a DC comic book invention and totally fictitious.
And that's where we're at.
That's why Magdalene lost her case.
Although, here's the other part of the news, friends.
Her fancy lawyer ain't giving up.
He claims he's never lost a case.
And he's not going to let this go down.
Well, he shouldn't.
Even though he did land in Bizarro World, he should not.
It is Bizarro World.
It is Bizarro World.
Everything's upside down.
You know, the weather—
Everybody talks about the weather being crazy, but this was a true sentence spake in all sincerity by Doc Frop before he went back to Texas from northern Ohio.
And he said, and I quote,
I can't get way—
I can't wait to get back—
to get out of hot, dry Cleveland and get back to cool, wet North Texas.
Yes.
So, you know, what has this world come to?
Even in travelogues, they used to tell you that the worst time to go to Texas was in the summer.
And that nobody did anything in the summer but groan and complain or sit in the air conditioning.
And that life was fun in fall.
And life was fun.
And winter.
And winter and spring.
But as soon as summer arrived, people pretty much died.
Yeah, but see, now with global whatever is happening, global feedback, we get this situation where it becomes freezing cold in the Sahara Desert and blistering hot at the North Pole.
And then the next day it switches back.
And gas is $100,000 an ounce.
Well—
More expensive than marijuana.
Or gold.
Then who?
Actually, I think gold is a little bit cheaper than both of those now.
And diamonds, well, you can find them anywhere.
Did you know that you can create diamonds from cereals, from common household items, from cereals from your supermarket?
Did you know that?
No.
Well—
Did you read that on the internet?
Well, no.
I heard that you could make diamonds—
You could make diamonds from pretty much anything under enough pressure.
So I suppose—
You saw that on a Superman show, didn't you?
You didn't have to have an awful lot of grape nuts and maybe put them on the surface of the sun, but you could still make diamonds.
Yeah, you can eventually.
That's the thing that the religionists sometimes don't understand is the long time frame it takes to turn your grape nuts into diamonds.
It's not like grape nuts evolve into diamonds overnight because some super intelligent designer crushes them in his hands to give them to—
Well, in their—
It's because—it's because—in great, vast epochs of time.
That's in their view, in their worldview.
You go through various incarnations, and your grape nuts become more diamond-like, adamantine, and hard as you pass through each celebratory act of existing.
And by the time you reach the final curtain and you turn to do your cryptographs to the audience that has left a long time ago,
you really—
You realize that's all you are.
It's prefabricated cereal for the gods or some other being that's—oh, dang, I'm sorry.
Oh, all that dirty talk is getting me hot, man.
Oh, well—
Whenever you and Hal start talking about that dirty talk, that kind of hot, hot philosophical talk, I get worked up.
Well, I go up and down.
I start crying, and then I get aroused, and I don't know.
It's a confusing subject for me.
Well, we've got 15 minutes left in this hour of Slack, which is number 1,108.
Oh, you lie.
No, that's true.
Oh, okay.
That's what I have.
I do lie, and that's what time it is and what show it is.
And I wanted to play some of these other little bits and pieces from the—
Well, at least we got to get to the subgenius anthem, which I cut half of out so everybody will think it was played perfectly.
You can't even hear the cuts.
I can't wait for Pisces to hear what I did to her Connie rap.
She screwed that up terribly.
And then I fixed her screw-ups, but then I went and screwed it up.
I fixed it up by over-modulating the mic.
But you can't tell she screwed up.
That's the important thing.
Did you get my hot jam, my made-up song against Stan?
Yeah, we played that at the beginning, the Nameless X Day song.
Did you get any calls from any producers or any record label?
No, you're the only person who called.
Oh, okay.
And I'm not even going to take your call anymore, so I'm about to fade you out and turn this other stuff back on.
Are you fading me right now at this moment?
You're fading me?
Oh, I guess I might as well.
Well, wait a minute.
What?
Wait a minute.
You're actually fading me out?
Well, yeah, I'm fading you out right now as we're talking.
What?
Can I still hear you?
Can you still hear me?
Only now, but I'm going to fade you out now, okay?
Okay, now you're really...
What?
Wait, wait, please don't, please don't.
Stop, stop, please.
You keep...
I keep not...
I don't get it.
That Dave, what a character.
Actually, Dave got a Bobby Award as Best Human Cartoon.
Look, I pushed the drop button and Dave dropped right out.
Okay, I'm going to go back to the...
This.
Truth is fiction.
This is Be Orbit, Be Not.
Giuseppe DiMai of Naples possessed $106,
twice as rich as the richest cunt in the world,
Be Orbit, Be Not.
In Massachusetts, there is a lake called Chargong Amog.
It contained walled-up entrances, trap doors, and stairways leading nowhere.
Be Orbit, Be Not.
The entire Dutch fleet has long been noted for its powers of voluntarily leaving the failing streams
and proceeding over dry land toward some spot where its unerring instinct tells it that water is yet to be found.
They sometimes cover a distance of a mile or more and can live for a week out of water.
Be Orbit, Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.

Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.









Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.



Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.

Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.
Be Not.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Here is the earthling.
Get him.
Where?
I believe I know.
Yes, I'm quite sure I know.
Yes, I believe I do.
He is clever, the earthling called Honeyburn.
He's fast and he's experienced.
I wonder if they got that guy yet.
We'll have to do it quickly.
Earthling.
Earthling.
Earthling.
Earthling.
1,700.
Whoa.
Yes, indeedy.
I'm surprised he didn't say 13013.
That last cut there was cut in and cut up by Fernand and Andy Lee Murr.
And the version, that amazing version of Powerhouse that I played just before that
was Bonobo Convergence live at X-Day.
Yes, believe it or not, we actually have not just the amino acids,
but other good bands there besides Lonesome Cowboy Dave and others.
And, yeah, that was Bonobo Convergence with that old hit Powerhouse.
And I'm going to skip ahead.
I had other things, but I really want to play,
we'll go back to Lonesome Cowboy Dave live at X-Day,
a very short version of Subgenius Anthem,
followed by Priestess Pisces Connie rap,
which is rather different, you'll see, from what we usually do.
And let me make sure I get everything just exactly right.
Because we wouldn't want to screw anything up.
Okay, you've stayed for the Subgenius Anthem, which is the end of this jam so far.
Oh, we'll stand hand in hand
When the trumpet calls X-Day
In a brother and sister band
While they blow the world away
We shall have paradise
Subgenie of the world unite
Alien sex every night
Subgenie of the world unite


of the world subgenie of the world subgenie of the world
you
wonder all the way
you're not damn it you're not
i got pure sexuality in all of my rings i'm channeling connie like i'm in a trance your
eyes dilate while my hips
drop
irate you're drooling shut your mouth for fuck's sake because i don't play so you call me a bitch
well maybe it's your game that you're needing to switch because if i do it my way then you call me
a whore if i disgust you so much what's your dick up for sure i'm fat but you're missing the point
i'm the one on stage and i'm rocking the joint i'm breaking through so what you gonna do it's
just me and the girls and we do what we do because this ain't about no beauty queens it's just me and
my slack you're trying to get in between i
ain't
having no bobby's all up in my grills me and the girls and we're just trying to chill
connie on the left of me collie on the right eric's got my back and we can party all night
so back the fuck up bring the drinks up turn the bass up and try to keep up
attention whores and high class huzzies i think your image of connie's gotten a little bit fuzzy
so a few of us girls are here to make it clear now that us ladies have got your ear you say i'm hot
what you want a pudding pop spit it don't spray it tell me what you're saying don't want to jig a low
for really though don't need a genius but you're speaking with your penis we tired of pink shit
every day we didn't come out tonight just to get played to think twice we got better things to do
than bend right over and take it from you but some of you continue to be fucks just because we like
sex we're sluts and if we don't want you then we're tarts so let's end this shit before you go
it starts because this ain't about no beauty queens it's just me and my slack you're trying
to get in between i ain't having no bobbies all up in my scene it's just me and the girls
you know what i mean connie's on the left of me collie's on the right eric's got the back and we
can party all night so back the fuck up bring the drinks up turn the bass up and try to keep up
we gals came out to have a good time if you want to chill with us well that's just fine but if you
want to be dicks then get the fuck on
i ain't gonna be bothered while i get my slack on you keep running your mouth but we can't hear
we're just sitting here chilling with some frop and some beers and you're acting like a puppy
all eager for attention because we're the only cherries at this sausage convention this ain't
about no beauty queens it's just me and my slack you're trying to get in between i ain't having no
bobbies all up in my scene it's just me and the girls if you know what i mean say the bullshit
for the pinks the boys who want money my connie it's got more sides than a damn d20 she don't
need no
frosting she don't need to be fake she's a damn fine cupcake this ain't about no beauty queens
it's just me and my slack you're trying to get in between i ain't having no bobbies all up in my
grill it's just me and the girls and we're trying to chill
wait wait wait wait because i ain't done i got something to add i'm not
standing on the stage trying to make you mad and i'm not here to spite you and it's not about the
booty i'm the slack master queen i'm just doing my duty you can hate me if you want it that's what
gets you through but i'm doing this because this is i got to do you don't like it doing better you
got something to prove but your energies are rotten you don't get up and move
that's up

å
а
comunic

Respectвиöі의
When you sit there and jam for a while, making up words as you go along,
and I'm trying to remember the words that I was trying to remember to do this.
And yet, somehow she does.
There was like an hour of making up songs, which we'll get to in future shows.
Friends, you have been listening to Hour of Slack number 1108 from the Church of the Subgenius.
For more information about that mighty edifice, the church,
check out subgenius.com.
