It did not satisfy me because my daughter still has to walk by the same vacant houses with the same drug users in those same houses.
In those same houses with the same drug users.
They can beat you around the bush till you're just dead.
Just dead. Dead.
And as long as we let them keep beating us around this same bush, we will be dead.
We will be dead.
We will be dead.
We will be dead.
You're dead as a beaver hat, but you're dead as a beaver hat.
They're gonna think you're insane.
These people want to hypnotize us into cutting their brains out with chainsaws.
I mean, if people psychically will us to beat their ass, I don't see how we're responsible.
I mean, if they will just go...
It's a subgenius boot camp.
Drinking coffee and staying awake?
Stand up there!
Here, stand out in the rain.
Here, have some, here, have some old Bob Cologne.
Do you call yourself a subgenius coming to drill with a beard?
That's two demerits.
Alright, Mr. Hughes.
Three more demerits and I'll get that new baseball glove.
Look at the knees of your uniform pants.
That's disgusting. I'm docking you five more demerits, Mr. Hester.
Oh gosh, gosh, your new car!
What are you smiling about?
I hate Bob.
My...
Bob...
made my daddy go crazy.
My daddy used to make money, but now he just sits around all day.
Hmph.
I hate Bob. He's a bad man. I wish he would die.
Who's part of the conspiracy?
I shouldn't have been busy. You've just been bad.
It would appear that the government at the moment is practicing a lot of this religion in absentia for many folks.
It was a trendy thing.
Well, we're actually the conspiracy...
You've always heard of the conspiracy, right?
Yeah.
Well, we're the conspiracy behind the conspiracy.
We've decided to come out in the open.
You're the unnamed source.
That's us.
One of them. Well, you've certainly heard of the Public Criminization Society.
...and now learning to apply creative and corrective procedures and to bring back to normalcy and a state of perfection any abnormality or imperfection found within any given manifestation of matter, any given plane, any given depth.
I can easily do anything that I want to do.
I can.
I can.
I'm a winner.
Pursuant to Section 28A, Article 4B, Paragraph 2 of the Internal Security Regulations, I now hand over to you rejected application number 578293B021.
And he fell white on his face.
Hey, when am I going to get paid?
Shut up.
I hate myself and I hate everyone else.
I'm not done yet.
Can you hear me?
What the heck is going on out here anyway?
I need to talk to Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Oh, yes.
Dear friends, this is the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
The voice of the church of the subgenius.
Actually, since we're on K and O N 89.3 FM, I should say it's the voice of the people.
But in the case of the subgeniuses, it just, I'm sorry, it just ain't the people.
I mean, the people would probably burn us at the stake for what we say between the lines.
And they, well, I love the people, but we ain't kidding ourselves.
It's, it's, uh, of course it doesn't really have anything to do with any, you can't put
your finger on what makes a subgenius.
You really can't.
There is absolutely, you can't tell by looking at them.
Can't tell by talking to them on the phone.
You, it takes, it takes several weeks of working with somebody oftentimes before you know whether
they are or not a subgenius.
Of course, very few people are geniuses.
And technically, I suppose anybody could qualify for the post of subgenius.
But, uh, I don't know.
It just, the way it's worked out, just the way it's worked out, it hadn't been that way.
I mean, they, it's a mystery, dear friends.
And it can be scary.
In fact, it's so scary.
We haven't been able to work very hard on this show lately.
There aren't enough subgeniuses in the world, you know.
There's just all these pinks of various, all colors, uh, you know.
But they're pinks, you know.
They're soul.
They're chameleon lizard soul.
Which pink?
It's a pink soul.
And they, they make us work for a living.
I hate that.
Don't you?
Don't you hate that whole working for a living thing?
Isn't that just...
I just hate that.
But, well, I mean, sometimes it's fun.
It can be great.
I mean, for lucky people.
And I've been lucky, actually.
Uh, I've been...
Well, we may get to that later.
I'm just gonna play old reruns.
That's right, friends.
This is another rerun show.
But I don't think any of you have heard any of this material.
A lot of it, actually, is from the media barrage tape.
Uh, number 10.
Repent, quit your job, and slack off.
But...
Not many of you in Dallas have that.
I know.
I've checked.
I mean, we have our computers.
And we're hooked in with the police computers.
And we can tell, you know, how many of you have actually pledged money to the show.
So, uh, with that, I will just leave you.
Huh.


Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.
There are weapons that are simply thoughts, attitudes, prejudices, to be found only in
the minds of men.
There is no typical subgenius.
There's no profile subgenius.
The subgenius is the person who is an outsider, who has been different somewhere or another
since birth.
A person who was born with slack.
And we're all born with slack.
Original slack.
Original slack.
But the conspiracy, the conspiracy of normalcy, really, is what it is.
It takes it away from the minute you are born.
They give you that first whack on your behind to make you cry.
From that moment on, they're taking away your slack.
He was alive one minute.
Then he was dead.
Why not?
The mother got a woman.





What do they have?
Catch-22.
That's right.
You're all fired.
You can kill yourself, Hoff, or not.
It don't make no difference.
There's nothing you can do about it.
All right.
We're going to win.

It's gonna be a great day, mate.















Go, go.


Faceless surgeons are new razors
Cut out our imagination
Yes, they creep up on you.
Conspiracy bugs.
Conspiracy bugs, they creep up on you, don't they?
They breed fast, don't you see?
And also, they don't need much to live on.
Just a constant supply of mindless entertainment
and food and false slack.
That's all they need.
And false slack is so much easier to get than real slack, my friend.
So much easier.
All you have to do is work a 9-to-5 job
or, you know, the equivalent, whatever you do.
It doesn't have to be a 9.
You can be your own boss, entrepreneur, help, whatever.
It doesn't matter how you get the money.
But the money can buy, can...
False slack can only be had for money.
True slack can be had for money.
But you've got to have a slack awareness, my friend.
More than you need money.
More than you need money.


You don't need money.
You don't have to have money to have true slack.
And that is the God's turn.
Oh, no.
I'm dreaming.
None of this is true.
They don't know that this is a conspiracy.
This is for real.
They're agnostic.
They don't know.
They have to see it in front of them before they go.
They have to see it.
And even then, they don't know.

They deny it.
The thing is that these people are real.
And the pinks are the ones who actually do not exist.
Because they're not awake enough to actually have consciousness.
They haven't turned into a dog yet.
They're just things.
They're tubes to be filled with video images.
They're shadows.
They're spirits.
But they're not real.
By recreating body and mind out of remembered fragments,
I was to program...
my own inferno.
Good God.
Well, he certainly lost his mind.
Listen.
In effect,
my soul was a monstrous cancer.
Continually creating within itself the means of my destruction.
A lost soul is one that no longer controls its own circuitry.
The goddess has been taken over by the enemy,
which uses it to destroy me.
To destroy you.
The sensation is like spontaneous combustion.
Ah, I should have taken it off the hook.
Oh, let it ring.
And you'd take a message, would you?
And leave it off the hook?
Yeah, okay, okay. I'll get it.
Go on, Linda.
Go on.
It is this control of the circuitry,
this ability to send phantom signals
to work.
To send real bodies through their remembered images.
Like pins stuck in a doll.
That gives hell its power on earth.
Hell is not a place,
but a system for disrupting the plans of God.
She thinks you can cure the world by kindness and rules.
But it's too small.
The Lord's Prayer on a pinhead.
Some make rules,
some obey.
But the rules are for the fools,
is what I say.
The system makes me sick.
I wear the wrong clothes.
I ask the wrong things.
You know I can't dance,
my feet are much too wide.
You think he sets the trends.
You wear your head this way.
Your clothes are out of sight.
Your house is modern, really kitsch.
You get so macho when you're with your bitch.
I see them go to work.
I see them go to sleep.
I see them on TV.
I see them laughing.
I see them laughing black.
I'm on the outside.
I'm on the outside.
I'm on the outside.
And if you're on the outside, dear friends,
just look around you and reach for your telephone and call.
You can call the subgenius hour of slack radio ministry,
if you dare,
at 823-7490.
Our phones are working again.
The will of Dobbs is ready to infect your mind.
Yes, just wait.
Just call 823-7490 and see what happens when the will of Dobbs insinuates itself into your
cerebrum, into the wrinkles on the top of your little mushy brain.
You know, it's nothing but an organ, just a piece of guts.
You've got a bunch of electricity running through it, a bunch of blood.

You've got a bunch of chemical reactions going on there.
Big deal.
Big deal.
You can afford to...
You've messed it up before, haven't you?
Most of you.
I bet you have.
The nice people out there probably bonked their heads a few times.
Well, go ahead and call them.
823-7490.
It's something that hadn't happened before.
It may scramble a few circuitries here and there.
And, of course, you can call to find more information about the Church of the Subgenius.
I'm Bob Duff.

I'm Bob Duff.
And find out what number to write for free information.
Rude clerks in stores that hate their job and take it out on you.
The thing about the normals is that they're not going to pay you.

They conceptualize themselves to be hot sinus effluvia on silver platters, but in reality
reveal themselves to be cold mucus encrustation on a paper plate.
But that's the way religion is.
It's been a constant battle since the very beginning.
The first man to try to guess why he climbed out of the slime was the first man to pick
up a stick and hit his brother.
We've been programmed.
We've been programmed.
We've been programmed.
We've been programmed.
This is the very beginning.
Our slack was taken away the moment we entered this world-weary treadmill, and we've been
running like little rats through a maze.
And the only way you can get away from that is to deprogram.
Edit your own memory.
Take those bad memories.
Take those horrible training regimens that you were subjected to as a youth.
Flush them down the toilet as you excrementate.
Let me ask you.
Let me ask you.
Yes, Sister?
Yes, Sister?
Did you ever own a guinea pig?
I ate my guinea pigs!
I grew them and I ate them!
That's dick-crazy Bob!
They were food!
I'm a carnivore!
I can't help myself!
My kids need flat poop.
Doctor, doctor, here.
Take some more of this.
Have some of that.
Maybe the show will finish and we'll get to make another tape.
Oh no, more prescriptions again!
I don't know if I can get through this.












I can't keep up with all these prescriptions and all these callers and all these fake shows.
Oh my god, this is a genius thing.
It's more than actual.
Just take the pills, Doctor.
I can't.
I mean, man, I don't think I can keep up with it.
I mean, it's like there's too much of it.
There's these letters that come in the mail, these weird magazines, these characters that
show up at the door.
Doctor, take your medication.
They're like bobbies.
Doctor.
They want to know things.
They want to know how to run their lives.
What should I do?
What am I saying about this?
About my girlfriend?
My girlfriend doesn't want me to worship.
What should I do?
What should I do, man?
That's what I want to know.
Relax, Doctor.
I'll tell you what you should do.
It's like, Doctor, you should do this.
No head launching, Doctor.
Oh.
Take the pills.
Oh.
Light the fire.
I'm a carnivore.
I can't keep up with this.





Oh, try some of this false slack.
But we can't talk about that because it would leave this station open to libel and slavery.
That's our lawyer now.
Oh my God, he's here.
Hey, I feel much better now.
Oh, man.
That's because Bob sent this for you.
These normal soles are amazing.
You can drink them.
You're welcome.
You can smoke them, you can eat them.
I don't know, who knows what you can do.
You can even snort them.
I'm rubbing one up under my gums.
I'm gonna try a line of this human soul here if you'll excuse me now.
Now that's what I call soul.
Let me try some of that.
Jesus, that must have been a fairly intelligent normal.
Oh no, that wasn't a normal, that was...
God, I think I got some of his memories off of that.
How?
Yeah, it's like I'm seeing this little woman in the 40s, just for a second.
It's probably the guy's mom.
Yeah?
God, you can snort their souls and these little primal memories come in.
You've just gotta give them final unction and dry them out first.
Okay.
God, how long have you guys known about this?
I mean, was this something the Indians had down there?
Yeah, yeah.
It's too rainy to light a fire to smoke a soul a lot of times, so they just, uh, they dry it and keep it with volcanic rock as an absorbent.
And they just grind it up and...
They just snort it through huge, huge canes.
But they didn't have the technology to extract souls. I mean, how'd they get them under pressure? How'd they get them into the canisters?
They don't do it that way. They just feed them the right amount of herbs and plants and the soul just drips out of the nasal and anal and...
You're kidding!
No, it just...
Why can't we do that?
We can if we got the right pills.
But...
It's kind of, you know, it's all organic. I mean, you know, there's two ways you can extract. You go high technology...
Or you can go with just kerosene and a couple of guys with bare hands.
Why did Bob set up these extraction machines? I mean, what's with these emaculators?
Well, all you gotta do is you dig a little pit. You dig a little pit in the ground, you line it with plastic, peg down with wood, and then you put the body in.
A normal, right?
Yeah.
Any normal?
Any normal.
Any normal that isn't dead yet. The stole is still in him, right?
Uh-huh.
Okay, then you cover him with kerosene and acetone.
And then you just do it.
You jump up and down on him until it turns kind of green and thick. Then you remove him, strain the liquid, then you boil it, and you add sulfuric acid.
But then there's some kind of ritualistic... I mean, what actually causes the transmutation?
Well, there's a group of people around the pit adding a psychic element of the alchemy, you see. That's... They concentrate.
Oh, yeah, because they don't have the soul amplifier.
Right. So it's just done with psychic methods.
Oh, man.
And then, after it's boiled...
God, that's incredible.
After it's boiled, they add...
There's a bunch of Brazilian tribal jungle people...
And Bolivians. And Bolivians. Both. They both do it. And the lowlands on both sides there. And then you boil... They boil the soul. They actually boil the soul.
Little combo souls.
Yeah. They boil... And little coya souls, too, you know? And they boil them. And then when it starts to thicken, they add another liquid. It's some kind of corrosive, I believe.
And then it turns into a...
It turns into a thick white paste, and they just spread the soul out into the sun, and it dries. And then you just have to chop it up.
They'd probably think we were idiots for crystallizing them and compressing them.
Yeah. I mean, it's...
I mean, it probably doesn't cost them... You know, it costs them a couple of necklaces or, you know, a taper.
Well, they don't need electricity to do it.
Their pet taper.
Yeah. Well, it...
The most expense they've got. And it costs us a hundred grand a year to keep these things pumping.
Well, you see, we use a lot of...
And not to mention the bodies and the souls and getting rid of...
Yeah. Well, that's the thing. See, the body dissolves...
...storing them.
The body dissolves in the solution completely.
Well, do you do up the body, too?
No. They just strain it out with a solid waste.
What do they do with that?
With that?
They put it on the...
Do they press it into little cakes and burn it? Like, for fires and stuff like that? They usually give it back to the guy's family.
How come the... How come they... How come that this was...
Like, how come the Western civilization didn't discover that?
Well, you see, it's because...
How come they haven't been ripped off yet? How come we didn't rip them off?
Well, because we can pay for soul and get it a lot cheaper from them than doing it up here because, you know, like down there, nobody complains if you go through four or five hundred bodies in one night. You know, you can sit around and smoke all the soul you want to.
Yeah, I guess it would be kind of questionable to...
That's right.
...questionable to...
They got a lot more soul.
...to be digging pits in your backyard and throwing normal bodies in there.
Well, it's just little pressed cakes.
Trampling them.
Noisy, if nothing else.
It's just little pressed cakes. Most people barbecue on them later, you know.
Well, the senator got indicted. Bob never forgot it.
You see?
Well, and then we've got to give half of them away to the... wherever they're taken on Jupiter.
Well, of course...
Well, Karen, so I have to cut in there on that. I can't play the rest of that because there's...

There's no... You really shouldn't know about the... where the canisters go.
That was an old... an old show. That was Hour of Slack number four. Or, no, it was number six. Hour of Slack number six.
I doubt if any of our current listeners heard that. It's about two and a half years old. Or two... less... around two years old. Something like that.
And you are listening to The...
The Hour of Slack.
The radio ministry of the Church of the Subgenius.
We've had a couple of people call up and say,
What is... What... What are you?
That's always the question. What are you? They don't say who.
Uh...
And is this on all the time and why?
And yes, we've been at this place on the dial.
Uh... 89.3 FM for about...

two years.
Nine o'clock Sunday night.
You tune in and learn the word of Bob, dear friends. The word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The... The master of Slack.
The salesman of the universe. The one man qualified to sell the universe and to invest your soul wisely.
Because we don't smoke or otherwise, uh, consume the souls of true souls.
The subgenius listeners.
Those of you who are true subgeniuses.
Who really comprehend, uh, what...
Slack.
Those of you who truly understand the power of Slack.
And your need for Slack.
Uh...
Your souls are... are kept... are saved in canisters.
But never sold by us.
And never used or in any way abused.
Uh...
Only those of the...
Oh, those pathetic.
Those...
Oh, fashionable.
Those who want to join the church of the subgenius just to be fashionable.
Those who run down and buy the book of the subgenius so they can leave it on their shelves so everybody can see it.
But they never read it.
And if they do read it, they don't see nothing between the lines.
Not a thing.
Uh-uh. No.
Or those who buy subgenius tapes or t-shirts or whatever.
Just to...
Just to show off like they were cool.
Like they knew what was happening, baby.
Those are the ones who will fry!
Fry!
Where?
In Bob's pipe, my friends.
In Bob's pipe.
Yay.
And I think this is a good time to read this PSA.
This ought to lend a great deal of credibility to our clients.
Or not clients, really.
Those that K&OM supports.
Okay.
The Dallas City Council will hold a public hearing July 27th to receive your comments concerning the 1988-89 Community Development Program.
We expect available October 1st.
15 million community develop-
These from HUD.
HUD.
HUD.
Activities be-
Housing, economic, street, and even so, you-
Day project.
Project.
Uh, strict-
Yee!
Uh...
In a council chamber.
They-
You see.
Ah, yes.
If you're thinking about starting to smoke, chances are there'll come a time when you'll be thinking seriously about quitting.
Why don't you just think about that now?
A question from the Dallas office of the American Heart Association.
Shut up! I'm not done talking to you!
Wait.
I don't believe about that.
I don't believe about that.
The triple keyboard operates an echo chip.
Resonating bars made of foam.
And something that rather resembles an earthly xylophone.
I'm getting tired.
I don't know if I can keep up.
But I believe I actually enjoyed it.
For the last mutant.
Mutant.
Mutant.
That's me!

Oh!
Oh!
Ape!
Civilized men were so frightened by talking apes-
Let it get away, doctor.
But how does one control a 400 pound gorilla?
I'm a duck, not an animal trainer.
I'm a duck.
I'm not an animal trainer.
That thing's got the balls as long as my middle finger.
Oh, no!
You think the unthinkable.
This radiation is beautiful.
Yes, that is beautiful.
Please!
Please!
Please!
Cover your faces!
That's the doomsday bomb.
Do you know what that means?
Do you know what that means?
Do you understand?
Do you understand?
Illusions!
Illusions!
Oh!
...who pretend that aboriginally he was a respectable stemming.
Okay.
He was an outlier.
Our Slack radio ministry.
Here are the numbers to call.
The old classic number, 823-7490.
Or you can try 823-8801.
823-8883.
If all numbers are busy, well, heck, we won't give that one out yet.
So, 823-7490.
Or 823-8801.
Or 823-8883.
Light up the phone bags for us.
Our Slack radio ministry.
We need gifts for the pledge drive.
And we do have volunteers to take your calls.
That's right.
And not all of this money goes to the Church of the Subgenius.
In fact, none of it does.
This is all strictly to keep this station on the air so that you can hear all those
other shows that I'm sure some people would rather hear.
Because this is a great place to be.

This is a great place to be.






At times, a dangerous show to listen to if you're trying to understand exactly what's
going on.
You have to listen very closely.
That's the tricky part.
You have to listen very closely.
You have to listen very closely.
So much so that young Master Shemmy on his very first aboutch at the very dawn of proto-history,
seeing himself such and such, when playing with thistle words in a garden nursery, Griefer
Trophio at Fig Street, 111 Shovel in Old Holland.
Would we go back there now for some more?

Pellets, sounds, pillens and scents?
Would we now for annas and annas?
Would we for full score eight and a loretta?
For twelve blocks one bob?
For four testas one gross?
Not for a deaner.
Not for Joe.
Dictated to of all his little brethren and swisterines, the first riddle of the universe.
Asking, when is a man not a man?
Telling them take their time young friars and wait till the tide stops.
For from the first his day was a fortnight.
And offering the prize of a bittersweet crab, a little present from the past, for their
copper age was yet un-minted to the winner.
One said, when the heavens are quakers.
A second said, when Bohemian lips.
A third said, when he know, when hold hard a jiffy, when he is agnostic and determined
to.
The next one said, when the angel of death kicks the bucket of life.
Still another said, when the wine is a jiffy.
And still another, when lovely woman stoops to conk him.
One of the littliest said, me me said, when papa papa to harbour.
One of the wittiest said, when he ate ye yablecooken and his meals he self so sooken.
Still one said, when you are old I'm grey, fall full with sleep.
And still another, when we dead a walkner.
And another, when he is just only after having been semi-sized.
Another, when he is just only after having been semi-sized.
Another, when he is just only after having been semi-sized.
YAY, he hath no m'namas!
And one, when those pigs they begin now that they will flys up into the luft.
All were wrong.
So Shem himself, the doktator, took the cake, the correct solution being, I'll give it up,
when he is a, yours to the rending of the rocks, sham.
Shem was a sham, and a low sham.
And his lowness creeped out first via foodstuffs.
And his lowness creeped out first via foodstuffs.



So low was he that he preferred Gibson's tea-time salmon, tinned as inexpensive as pleasing to the plumpest roe-heavy lax or the friskiest par of smoked trout that ever was gapped between Leeslip and Island Bridge.
And many was the time, he repeated in his bottle-ism, that no jungle-grown pineapple ever smacked like the whoppies he shook out of Ananias's cans, Phil Legend, Lansdowne's corner house England.
So many great things, it just goes on and on and on and on and on.
That's from Finnegan's Wake.
Heavy stuff.
It's a big book, a big, big book.
People read it.
They get lost inside of it.
I did.
And we've got special signals attached to the tapes that we play on this show that reach out and lock onto your mind.
It's funny, isn't it?
This is Reverend D.K. Jones in New Jersey.
Great subgenius.
A song called Midnight Rambler.
I don't mean just black night.
I mean you black-hearted men and women.
I'm Midnight Rambler.
Yeah.
All Midnight Rambler's faces are not black.
But they're armed.
They're as black as midnight.
I'm talking to you.
Hold up, men.
And women.
You bank robbers.
You say so.
And you bank robbers.
And kidnap.
Hold up, men.
All right.
I'm talking to you.
And we got some people in the church.
Stay down just a minute.
Come on.
Why can't you keep talking?
Da recently they
are.
Well, he said to me.
Saya.
Yeah.
That's the church.
Yeah.
He was in jail.
I've seen him last.
Yeah, in jail.
Yeah.
Now, Mr. Durbin, where was your husband?
Where was your husband?
My husband didn't get home last night.
He told me not to tell you.
Oh, well, he don't have to tell me.
I'm not holding court.
No.
I'm just talking to you.
He's got to tell the judge.
And you're out to tell him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
Him what to do.
All right.
And in the court, you know, my name gets fixed on it.
Ah, ah, gee.
Hey.
I'm talking to you.
Midnight Ram.
Yeah.
You ain't that nice.
Yeah.
Just a robbing Steve.
All right.
From a year's old.
Come on.
I'm telling you this.
Steve, come yourself.
All right.
Fire, eating fire, eating fire, eating fire, eating fire.
Kate, Kate, Kate, Kate, Kate, Kate, Kate, Kate, Kate.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
You got with my, you got with my big brother.
Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah.
Out with somebody else.
But he's got the answer for himself.
Yes, sir.
I went out there for him, but he got the stand for himself.
That's right.
Do you need a job or job skills training?
The Opportunities Industrial Center can help you.
OIC offers counseling for your particular situation,
job skills training, and a bulletin board with current job listings.
They're located at the corner of Irvay and Young in Dallas,
and their phone number is 7486-0011.
Go by or call.
They want to help you find a good job.
That's 748-6001.
And I can appreciate a person who doesn't have a job wanting to get one.
Believe you me, I've been in that situation many a time,
and I wish I could have called 748-6001.
But those of you who have jobs,
my friend,
you know what?
You know what J.R. Bob Dobbs says to you,
the guru of the Church of the Subjeans?
You know what he says to you?
You can't imagine how much he hates you.
But he has something to say to you.
He does.
And what he says,
his friend,
repent.
Quit your job.
Quit your job.
And slack off.
If you could but appreciate
what that slack could mean to you all.
So
So
So
The black paper between the mirror breaks my heart
The moon frayed through dark velvet lightly apart
Steals softly to sunshine
Steals softly to snow
This is the children's mission, Doctor.
Yes, this is the children's hour for the Church of the Subgenius.
Kids for Bob.
Say, kids, Tevis, come over here.
Tell us what you think about Bob, Tevis.
Nothing.
A wise answer.
There is wisdom.
Subgenius.
I know about him, about spaceships.
You know about spaceships and Bob?
And that's all you need to know, friends.
Praise Bob and the spaceships.
Thank you.
Bob going away.
Bob with the regulator.
Bob with the robot.
Kid overnight.
Got returned to battle.
I didn't talk to him.
He didn't talk to me.
Bob with the robot.
At first, they didn't take you seriously.
Good.
Then they began to be frightened.
Good.
They kept their opinions to themselves.
Good.
They stopped joining clubs.
Good.
They informed on their friends.
Good.
But you went on and on and on.
Now they're beginning to ask themselves, maybe, I'm next.
Where will it lead to?
Nowhere.
I take up a copy of the book of the subgenius.
The book of the subgenius is right here on lovely McGraw Hill.
And I assume that must be Bob right there on the front.
Could very well be Bob.
Could very well be Brian.
With the pipe in his mouth, it's certainly a marvelous and comfortable experience.
Will be.
The publisher did not see that my purpose was to write a moral lesson.
The punishment that befell a mortal man who dared to emulate God.
Well, whatever your purpose may have been, my dear, I take great relish in savoring each separate horror.
This book isn't full of subliminal messages.
The messages are right out front as far as I can see.
Both, actually.
Both.
Yes, both.
They work.
They're subpsychic messages, too.
And, in fact, the book actually, now, most of your listeners will not believe this,
but the book carries a power shell that actually protects anything that it's being carried in your car,
your bathroom, especially your bathroom, and, well, your whole house.
The conspiracy can't touch it because there's power.
Power in that book.
Oh, no.
They're afraid of it.
In fact, in one respect, that's tough on sales because the love of Bob that's manifested in this book can injure normals and humans.
Come on.
That's right.
Each one of the Bobs in the book sees.
Did you know that every picture of Bob has the power to view you?
Has the power to look at you and look into your very soul?
I don't know.
Every picture of Bob is not just an image.
Not just a meaningless, mindless graph.
See, those dots are alive.
No, I'm just joking.
Look.
Each of those dots pulses with unfathomable radiant energy.
Each of those Bobs next to those toilets all over the U.S.
Don't listen to him.
Don't listen to him.
No.
Yes, you can find help.
You can be deprogrammed.
You can find out the truth.
That beat me up today.
It's a hell of an impetus.
I know you're a dumbass.
They force you to sleep on boards.
You must be fast.
You must be fast.
You must be fast.
You be fed with the skeleton of the real world.
It's so bright that I can't stay in my house.
When some genius escaped me and they took all my furniture.
I was told to buy me this neck brace that I keep taking off now.
And they said it was a living being.
What the hell?
What the hell?
I'm not a part of anybody else's entire city.
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...

Bring the upper lip down below the upper teeth.
Be sure to keep it down until the fingers are in position.
Just remember to praise Bob, friends, and you'll be okay.
Praise that mighty man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He's out there slacking off for you.
For your slack.
Because, you know, you can't spread slack unless...
...wise you got some slack yourself.
And that's the truth.
That's the God's truth!
...on your radio show.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
We're back.
And, boy, it's getting tough doing these shows night after night after night.
It's easy for you.
You only have to listen once a week.
But we do ten shows a day.
We have to keep up.
Stay ahead.
What is that noise?
I have no idea.
I think it might be the X's on the X's.


It's probably outside of the hall.
Yeah, a little bit.
Yeah, I can hear the hiss, the air noise.
We're still on the fringes of the atmosphere, you know.
It's just a few molecules.
What happens if I push this button?
What's your problem?
What?
Running up, demagnetized.
Oh, you can hear us.
Oh, man.
Oh, for sure.
What if we flip?
You've got a whole week's show there.
Here we go.
Visit Landon.
They'll get mystery in the magic.
Miss Funger was...
Up there went the mystery in the magic.
Right there.
Why did you have to say that?
Here are heroic legends of ages past, timeless myths, haunting ghost stories...
Hey, is this that Time magazine about Vietnam?
Yeah, it certainly is.
It's certainly...
Yeah.
Joke's shit before it's too late.
Okay, thanks.
A feast for the eye-minded...
We don't want to do that.
I think he's right.
He?
What do you mean, he?
What, a female colon?
No, I used the term he to describe all aliens in the colon show.
I don't think human was ever colon.
He was as rich and as deep as the ingenious human...
If that's an it...
Wow.
What is that?
I want to get fixed, too.
...gadget together for the first time by the editors of the Book of the Subgenius.
Yes, all of the show was getting fixed.
They were fixing the show.
And nobody knew exactly where it would lead.
Now, Subgenius Publishing guides you through this intriguing realm and unique and spectacular family library, the Book of the Subgenius.
Here we go.
Visit Landon.
They'll get mystery in the magic.
Miss Funger was...
Up there went the mystery in the magic.
Wait there.
Why did you have to say that?
Well, Gary, we just thought we'd say it.
There went the mystery in the magic.
Yeah, it's all you.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome back to the show.
The Subgenius Divival, our friends.
Yes, indeed.
This is Dr. G. Gordon-Gordon.
And Reverend Ivan Stagg.
We're sitting here to bring you the Word of God.
And don't you feel devived now?
And don't be afraid.
It's just a little radio show.
The Grand Divot is...
Sometimes it gets scary.
The Grand Divot is...
The Grand Divot is...

It's a scary show.
It could get scarier depending on what, whatever parakeet mixes we drop in.
That's right.
But remember one thing.
It doesn't matter what life cycle you're on.

over and over again.
And whether your basic metabolism is carbon, silicon, or plasma,
we're broadcasting to you because this is the first intergalactic church of dogs.
Yes, friends, this is the church for every form of life that knows how to snicker.
Yes, indeed.
Every life form that can enjoy and appreciate slack, dear friends.
Yes, and the mysteries.
Those who appreciate the mysteries.
Ah, the mysteries, yes.
That sweet, sweet burning mystery of slack.
Yes, and when finally they learn the answer to the mystery, why, on that great day?
That one day, the sound of the slack goes rippling.
This is what it sounds like, friend.
Yes, listen to that slack rippling along.
Isn't that a lovely sound?
Oh, yes.
Yes, receive the splendor of that slack sound, friends.
Ah, yes.
Ah, doesn't it drip through your frontal lobes or, depending upon your metabolism, of course, sometimes your back lobes.
Sometimes it just runs down their spine and dribbles out.
Sometimes it just dribbles through their cells and oozes through the pores.
But we know that somewhere out there you're listening to the sound of slack.
We can't give you too much of this air.
We can't give you too much of this slack because...
Nay, nay.
No, no.
We can't let you get all hooked.
You'd just be sitting by your radios from now on.
You wouldn't be able to do anything.
Wait until next week when the subgenius hour of slack comes back.
Ah, but...
So that you can soak up some more of the healing power that can be mysteriously broadcast.
That's right.
So put your appendage, your pseudopod, your flipper, your hand, your manipulator, your chela, your...
Yes.
...endable, whatever you got, friends.
It doesn't matter if it's a scaly, horny carapace or a squamous, drooling mollusk-like mucus-secreting skin.
Just place your little sensory appendage upon your transmitter-receiver unit,
and you will receive the benefit of this slack, this air slack.
And when finally you discover the mystery, the answer to the mystery of the slack,
why, on that day, you will be killed and re-killed and re-killed again
in the scalding and scathing acid love of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Hallelujah.
Praise Bob.
Hallelujah.
E-I-E-I-E-I-E.
Ah, yes, friends.
Well, well, Dr. Stang, I think perhaps we ought to...
We ought to...
...turn the slack generator down a little bit.
Let these poor...
Just soothe them out with it.
Don't drop them off sudden now.
Just...
There you are.
Yes, friends.
Just a rug.
There.
A rug of slack underneath.
That little tiny layer that separates you from the hard, cold floor of reality.
Well, we'd love to get you hooked, but we wouldn't be able to supply it.
That's right.
It'd be like Dawn of the Dead all over again.
In a shambling...
Shambling...
...for Bob, trying to get some more of that great stuff that they...
That beautiful, that beautiful essence, that vital,
secretion of the heart-soul of Dobbs,
that one thing that he possesses more than any other entity in the universe.
And, friends, we're talking about slack.
Don't you wish you had it?
Don't you wish you had that sound with you all the time?
Don't you like to wrap yourself up in that slack,
that big, warm, fuzzy, woolly slack,
and just snuggle into it and say,
Ah...
If you had just one bottle...
Bob Pills.
Like this one in this little vial.
And we have one, listeners.
We have one.
And this one pill would be enough to impart into you
the essence of the Stark Fist of Removal.
You would become Vishnu, the Destroyer, friends.
That's right.
You would dance upon the helix of the ever-changing quantum universe,
shifting your eigenstata.
Dogs have always been my friend.
And, friends, stay tuned, you dogs out there.
Stay tuned for Robert Wisdom's American Music Party.
Totally different thing from this show, but slack all the same.
And if you want to know more about the...
subgenius style of slack,
and, believe me, you'd have to know a lot more about it
before you got stuck to that mighty tar baby of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
and you want to, I know you do,
just write for free information.
I'm going to give you that sacred P.O. box number in just a second,
so get your pencil ready.
In the meantime, you still have about five minutes left to call
the Will of Dobbs here at 823-7490.
Get that pencil ready.
Write to Bob for free information.
Box 140306.
That's box 140306.
In Dallas, Texas.
75214.
75214.
And, you know, when you do that, dogs will always be your friend.
They've always been my friend.
And we've had many dogs during these years.
And we've had many dogs during these years.
And now we have you.
And I think he, I think they saved the best of the last.
He is the friendliest and the smartest.
He is the most constant in his attention of all the dogs.
He is the best dog maybe
in the country in the world, but I've known him more and more traditional lives than I've known the best in the sequences.
He is the friendliest and the most constant in his attention of all the dogs.
And I think he is the best dog maybe in the conversation with him more and more.
You're the smartest.
You're the smartest.
And you're the constant.
And you're the potential.
With all your power.
With all your love and love.
With all your power.
With all your love and love.
Ricky's been here ever since.
We love the world, but if the owner ever asked about him, to direct him here.
But I'm glad that the owner never missed him.
Because I surely would if he left me.
Me.
If you don't get him, if you don't get some flea powder,
then...
If he wants to go in the car.
You want to go on a ride?
You want to go to see the cattle?
You want to go see it?
You want to go?
You want to?

Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, friends, that's Hinton Templar.
Hinton Templar.
Available only on our Slack, I'm afraid, so far.
Amazing.
But I'm going to get out of here.
So it's Robert's thing.
Oh, there goes more show in the way.
Oh, I'm sorry.
We can't help.
End of the line.
That's right, folks.
Of his lineage.
The king of rock and roll is not really dead.
He stinks.
Yes, but dead now.
Oh, please.
A brave penguin gang or something like that has been seen.
Oh, please.
He isn't in suspended animation in an amusement park on a small planet near Arcturus.
And he will not be killed.
He will be killed by rampaging Yakutism in 1991 and end up with his head dangling from the Yakutism equivalent of a rearview mirror in one of their vehicles.
Nothing this evil.
Nothing that this evil, deceitful group, which, by the way, is actually a KGB front, says about Elvis is true.
Here's the real truth.
Elvis never did drugs.
His fat, junky...
That's right.
Don't forget it.
This is K&O in 89.
.3 FM, Dallas.
I'm Robert Wisdom.
This is the American Music Party.
Tonight's show is Gospel Connection number four.
I'm going to start off with a song by Black Oak, Arkansas, off their very first album.
It's called Lord Have Mercy on My Soul.
Jim Danny must have done something in any way.
He walked through the house of karma.
And shook hands with both the devil and God.
So this is about that.
Y'all turn your radios up real loud and open your windows real wide so you never can listen to.
. . .



. . .
Now there's something I'd like to talk to you about at this particular moment.
. . .

. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . .





.
.
.







.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.
.


















imagination, but I think it was real. See, I felt the presence of the two energies, positive
and the negative, of God and the devil, however you want it. And they was pulling and deciding
and wondering what to do with my soul. And I couldn't take this at this moment because
I had to come back to be with you people to do a thing. And I proved to them in bargaining
with them that I had a thing to do for the good of all of us. Out of this bargain, the
devil, he got my body for the good and his needs while I'm here on earth. And the Lord,
he's got my mind for the good of the universe and for the good of man. And they both, they
got me in between because they both got my soul. So the next time I come up, I want the
Lord.
I want the Lord to please have mercy on my soul.
I want the Lord to please have mercy on my soul. I want the Lord to please have mercy
on my soul.
The devil said scratch my back and I'll scratch your back for sure. But you have done all
these sins for him. I could not be purer. I found out what means more to me. Can you
Ain't anything on this earth to be ready on my judgment day.
Ready to face the truth.
So Lord, have mercy.
Lord, have mercy on my soul.
And on my soul, on my soul, on my soul so long.
I hope I've done the right things for both your sake and mine.
I'm reaching for a higher level.
My only fear is fear.
Fear of time.
