We the jury find the defendants guilty.
Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty.
No! No! Guilty!
I'm not me! I'm-
The Self Genius Power of Swag!
Click. Click.
I saw Bob. I saw Bob's pants up.
I know where he got it.
Oh, yes dear friends. This is your host and prayer partner, Reverend Stang, and I'm driving from Wisteria Campground in Pomeroy, Ohio, to Athens, Ohio, to the post office to mail out the last two weeks' shows,
which happen to have both been recorded in Cleveland at WSJ.
And what's coming up is the third hour of that three-hour marathon, because it's gonna- probably.
I may include some Best of X Day footage. It's gonna take a while to edit that down.
We recorded some wonderful stuff. X Day went very well.
We also recorded some horrible stuff. In fact, I would say two of the worst things that happened at X Day were the cover.
I mean, the cover versions of All Along the Watchtower and Mongoloid.
I probably won't play them, but I do know where to find them.
It's rather difficult, actually, to produce a show or even edit material from a campground,
because there's a lot else going on, and it's kind of- you know, why should I sit and edit tapes of last week's slack when I could be having fresh slack this week?
So, let us now cut back to the June 26th and 27th Dr. Sinister show.
The sauces are coming.
The sauces are coming. The sauces are coming.
Hot sauces are coming.
Hot sausage what?
Mmm.
Sausage.
It's gonna be a sausage party here.
Sausage.
Big old biscuits on the side.
Oh, no.
No.
Not a sausage party.
Not another sausage fest.
I can't remember the last time there were actually two females speaking on the air on this program.
Yeah, how does that become a sausage fest?
It feels like a long time.
I'm sorry, it's force of habit. It's force of habit describing this program as such.
You put it in the hot.
But, you know, I do enjoy a good bratwurst.
Don't you think?
And, uh...
What really happened?
Well, I just, you know, something compelled me.
Something always compelled you.
What do you think it compels you, darling?
The power of Connie compels you?
But I don't, I don't know if it, I don't know what it was.
But, you know, if you want it to be a sausage party, I can, you know, go away.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.

No.

Please, no.
That's what I was saying.
That's ridiculous.
I never want my sausage ground.
That's just what it's usually like up here.
...under such circumstances.
And I don't think anybody in the livable sense of the world, their right mind would.
Provided they had the sausage to get ground or grinded.
Well, uh, it asks...
Ask not how the sausage is made.
But ask who makes it.
Unless you live in Anthony Sowell's neighborhood.
Screaming, the sausages are coming, the sausages are coming.
Have you seen the sausage?
That's the best part about...
What about sausages and sausage?
Dr. Hell, are you familiar with the story of Anthony Sowell, Cleveland's serial killer?
No, you should tell me.
Yeah, it's this guy who lived in a pretty rough neighborhood on the east side of Cleveland,
just a few doors down from a sausage-making shop.
And, you know, for years and years, there was this awful smell coming from the neighborhood,
and people just assumed it was the sausage factory.
But no, in fact, he had like a dozen corpses, you know,
both buried in his backyard and stuffed into the crawl spaces in his attic.
Quite a Victorian story, eh?
And where did the sausages come in?
He was just a couple doors down from a sausage factory,
and people just assumed that was the source of the smell.
Ah.
But I wonder, you know, didn't they teach him in serial killer school
that you don't bury the body?
You don't bury the body, you just have to bury the body.

It's on your own property.
Right.
No, they never do.
Living that close to a sausage plant was probably one of his biggest,
probably his plan just didn't work out as long as he had hoped it would.
Well, how would, you know, who was the cat in the Victorian times
who actually had, they made a Broadway play out of it
where he, you know, was some mad jack dude who killed people
and then sold them as sausage, his bangers in very old age.
I remember the film, The Mad Butcher.
Sweeney Todd?
That was Sweeney Todd, the demon butcher of Fleet Street.
What?
Sweeney Todd.
Yes, yes.
Sweeney Todd.
Played by Johnny Depp in the most recent terrible movie of it,
which was really awful.
Was it?
Yeah.
Yes.
The broadsides at the time were quite disturbing,
considering, you know, they had such funny little pens and stuff,
not like the city graphs of yesteryear.
They wrote with a feather.
Yeah, a feather cheese.
They wrote with a, I'm sorry.
Well, a, uh.
Was it a fountain feather?
It was a damn Greek salad that they would smear on paper
and then run away screaming obscenities.
That's how the Bible was written.
Yeah, the Bible itself.
Think of it.
I mean, you've been deluded if you think of, you know,
the Bama Vishnu guys and the Koran and whatever nod and stuff.
That's, I mean, by sous chefs.
I know that's how the Book of the Subgenius was written.
Yeah.
Get a few sentences down, then run screaming away,
then crawl back and write a few more sentences.
You know, it was just their very...
Oh, I thought you meant you read it with olives.
Olives?
Not the olive.
Kalamata.
Wait, you read it at Olive Garden?
No, we're talking about the pit in...
He wrote it in his own blood,
and his wife asked if he was going to be okay after losing all that blood,
and he said, all live.
Oh.
And do you know what happened when Christ came to Mount Olive?
What happened?
Bluto.
Bluto.
Yeah, I was going to say Bluto cut him away.
Yeah, I was going to say Popeye beat the crap out of him.
Yeah, that's true.
Anyway.
Anyway.
It's funny because I can...
Oh, we got a million happy folks.
Come to the greatest comedy event on any continent.
X day, you'll be holding your sides laughing.
It's a real knee slapper every moment.
You're at next day with our guffawing crowds of goofball clowns.
You'll be slapping.
You'll be slapping your knees because mosquitoes will be biting them.
How hilarious.
Oh, yes, the mosquitoes who have descended.
Well, the mosquitoes think it's funny.
Buzzing clouds of stinging night flies, burrowing chiggers,
huge bloated ticks, squirming centipedes.
But when they bite you, they give you the compliment.
Huge huntsman spiders.
I mean, that means that you must be worthy.
It means you taste good.
That small consolation, I can tell you,
is one who has often been tasted.
It's very spooky down there, dude,
because of the mounds culture.
It was a really big deal around...
Yeah, Peter Paul and...
No, no, no, not the mounds.
The bars or the...
Oh, they had bars.
I feel like a nut.
Back in the day, they had firewood.
Are you making fun of me, Dr. Sinister?
Great Indian sizzle of a day.
Oh, well, a sizzle is what we sell, not the steak.
You're selling more than the sizzle.
It is kind of spooky down there in southern Ohio.
Yeah.
Princess, we and I drove down to Starwood last year at night,
and there are state signs,
warning of headless horrors.
Horsemen crossing the road.
It's true.
That's because there are many hollows.
There are hollows.
There's a lot of hollers.
Is there any way to do laundry once you're on site?
You're practically an Appalachian down there.
Yeah, an Appalachian is spooked as hell, man.
You have to beat it on a rock.
You know, I grew up around the Appalachians.
It's just a matter of understanding their lingo.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I speak mountain people.
You don't sound like it right now.
Montani semper liberi.
That is the state motto of West Virginia.
Which means mountaineers are always free.
And, yes, there are people who speak Latin in West Virginia
to come up with that motto.
Well, and, you know, I'm from the state
that has the state motto,
six tempered tyrannous.
Ah, thus always unto tyrants.
I don't know if the tyrannosaurs are involved in all this.
You mean the Commonwealth.
The only state whose flag has a naked tit on it.
Six foul-tempered tyrannosaurs.
There is a naked tit on the state flag of Virginia,
which is why I need to move there.
Wow.
Well, our friend,
Puzzling Evidence,
recently went to his military school reunion,
which was strange since the school itself
no longer exists in the parade ground
where Wellman used to march back and forth in his uniform.
Now it's an all-girls school.
But there were still a few grizzled vets of that school.
And he went there, yes,
but he also went somewhere else that I clued him to.
You see, I found out that there's this place nearby
where this guy had a dinosaur park.
And he is a...
You know what I'm talking about?
You're talking about the guy...
I know that guy.
He became...
Is he a Tea Party character?
Because he was very aggrieved
that the evil industrialized North
had won over the gentlemanly South,
so he made it a
Dinosaurs Attack the Union Army and Win the Civil War park.
What a beautiful...
And Doug went there and filmed it with his camera.
That's almost as good...
You can see a Deinonychus sneaking up on Lincoln
and tyrannosauruses pulling Union Army guys off their horses.
Well, I mean, if we're talking about the same gentleman...
You can walk...
You can walk through the park and see this.
He's a bit of a prankster.
When Doug showed up, the place was closed,
but they let him in anyway, his typical luck,
so he was able to walk through with nobody else there
and make his own slideshow and movie,
which he ultimately intends to put on YouTube
with me narrating it someday.
Dinosaurs Winning the Civil War
is almost as good as this awful Harry Turtledove novel
I once read that had white Afrikaners
going back in time to give AK-47s to the...
Oh, no.
Yes, that was actually a great book.
Like, on the cover it had a painting of Robert E. Lee holding an AK.
But what Doug always ends up talking about
is that Twilight's episode of the tank
going back to Custer's last stand.
That's a terrible...
I'm going to open up a Custer's stand.
That's one of the worst written Twilight songs.
But he loves it because of the idea that
their names were beyond the monument.
They actually went into battle with that tank
and were still wiped out by the Indians.
And this segment of...
Why are people getting out of the tank, too?
Why?
Didn't they just go back?
This segment of Synesthesia is brought to you by Custer's last stand.
The last frozen custard you'll ever want to eat.
It's a summertime treat.
Not many people know that there actually was,
in the annals of the Old West,
a Custer's last stand.
Major Amos Custer was wiped out by Indians.
No kidding.
And his small crew, not as big as the Custer defeated.
He just got done playing baseball back in the reds.
Custer's folly was in 1876,
the year of our first...
First centennial.
And it shocked a lot of people
who thought that the hostiles were being dealt with in the Black Hills.
I know some descendants of those hostiles
who claim that they have the best mutilated parts of Custer's body.
Of course, the Army's story was that
they respected the great long-haired Custer so greatly
that he alone was not mutilated by the Lakota women.
Well, they sure mutilated the rest.
In fact, his John Dillinger is preserved
in somebody's little reservation household.
I thought that they pounded something into his eyes
because he had been too obtuse to see
or something like that.
I mean, they did all sorts of symbolic mutilations.
Something like that.
I'm not a Custer to all this talk of ice cream and more.
...around at the time when the tribes were coming together a little bit,
a little bit too much for Mr. Custer
because he meant more than he expected.
I have to mention that wonderful
Son of the Morning Star book
which everyone should read
who's interested in the Custer Massacre.
Or interested in Indian massacres in general,
although today we call them Native American direct actions.
Oh, you guys are going to be around next day
are going to be right near Nadin Hooden or Nadin or whatever they call it.
Gnadin Hooden.
Gnadin Hooden.
Gnadin Hooden is not...
You know the movie The Mission with De Niro and Liam Neeson?
I actually once knew...
It's actually pronounced by the locals Gnadin Hooden.
Gnadin Hooden?
I once knew a girl from...
Scalping involved?
I once knew a girl from there.
Gnadin Hooden in Tuscarawas County.
That was their claim to fame.
It's not that close, actually.
Put them in the churches in the mission and kill them.
Unbelievable.
Great.
There's a mission?
What is our mission?
What is our mission?
It is nameless.
The nameless mission.
It must remain nameless.
All will be with the old...
In the fullness of time.
Sabotage.
Black mission fakes.
Murder, treachery, and extortion.
Actually, at this point, shouldn't we send out the mission codes for the sleeper cells who are listening?
The mission codes...
We want to keep that army of robots from marching until the very last minute.
But when they hear the special transmission, they will drop whatever they're doing and start plodding toward Wisteria.
One of these days, we're going to turn this station into a numbers station.
What a wreck.
One, eight, four, three, five.
Eins, null, zwei, drei, neun, sechs, zehn, vier, sieben.
Special transmission of numbers on WCSC and Cleveland.
One, seven, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.
One, two, three, four, five.

Two, three, four, five.
Two, three, four, five.
Two, three, four, five.
Two, three, four, five.
Two, three, four, five.
Oh, yes, the time is bearing down on us, you know.
I can't even count in Lakota anymore.
It's been so long.
I can't even count anymore.
I never spoke Lakota.
The last time I magnified that Viking helmet, I think it was 1973.
73.
That's when your grandfather got whooped by the local hoolay hanging around the house.
By an alcoholic, you say?
He was far too big.
Stop talking about my grandma.
No trash talking about grandma is to be permitted.
Actually, I want to congratulate my grandma on her 90th birthday, which she celebrated this week.
Wow.
Congratulations, Graham.
My one surviving grandparent, she just turned 90.
I'm sure she's not listening, but congratulations.
You never know.
You never know.
Grandma may be very proud of you.
She wouldn't if she knew the whole story.
Reverend Nikki Deathchick's 101-year-old grandma at her wedding a few years ago.
And she didn't need any help getting up the steps or in the door or nothing, not like I do.
She was quite spry.
Yeah, it's funny.
On the other hand, I had a 101-year-old grandma.
Grandma-in-law who had not left her bed in 20 years and was miserable.
I had a 102-year-old granny or auntie.
Auntie?
Yes, 102.
She made it in the Guinness Book of either Arizona or someplace.
Ah.
It was above 102, but it was bad.
As I understand it, the secret for old ladies to live long, long years is to smoke cigars.
They always say that, don't they?
Yeah.
And getting down on the floor and scrubbing it.
That's the other thing that keeps your body in shape.
Floor scrubbing while you're smoking cigars.
While smoking cigars, exactly.
Some grandmas like parakeets.
Just don't ash in the water bucket.
I mean, you'll be cleaning the floor forever.
But if you do, then exactly.
If you keep cleaning the floor forever, then you'll live forever.
Right.
That's true.
Well, maybe that's the key.
You have to ash the cigar in the water bucket, and then you have to do it again and again.
And keep cooking until the house burns down.
Yeah, you'll live to 100 and whatever, but you'll be stuck.
Yeah.
That's an eternal loop.
That's an eternal loop.
I don't know.
It'll always be groundhog day.
I don't know if I necessarily believe that.
Groundhogs get such a bad rap.
Yes, you know, one thing about groundhogs is they have another name.
And I'm sure you know what that name is.
Parque Carco and the Eastern Woodlands people.
Well, how about Marmotus Monax?
How about a woodchuck?
Yes, the groundhog and the woodchuck are identical.
But how much ground would a groundhog hog if a groundhog could hog ground?
Apparently, you've never read my monograph on the subject,
Coordinated Casting Motions in Marmotus Monax,
which show exactly how much wood is possible to be cast by these creatures.
Dr. Halligan actually figured that out.
Yeah, well, I...
He can answer.
But each one of these groundhogs requires like 10 acres.
Each one of these groundhogs requires 10 acres.
They hog so much ground.
Well, they don't require a mule.
Anyway...
What do we learn?
Well, you know, it's one of the never-ending questions.
The other one being, how many licks does it take?
To get to the center of an all-day slowpoke?
Yeah, that's more...
To get to the center of the earth, how many licks?
Well, your tongue gets mighty dirty.
But it might be worth doing anyway if the center of the earth is made of creamy, chocolatey nougat, as some theorize.
More like molten lava.
Well, you have to wait for it to cool.
That's why you...
Well, they make lava cakes.
It could be good.
Yeah, don't burn your tongue.
It's boiling sugar.
Enough, it'll burn, certainly.
But cool it down, and it's delicious.
Cool it down, and it solidifies into nuggets of nougat.
That's right.
Very cold.
Okay.
Now, when I was a little tad, I used to eat...
As we share our nuggets of knowledge.
I used to eat...
What were they called?
Well, there was the slowpoke, as I mentioned, the all-day sucker.
There was...
They're valueless, Frank.
There was...
What were those little bean-like, sugary things that were also made by the Welch's Candy Company?
Smart pills, they used to call them.
Well, whatever they were made, they and the slowpoke actually supported the Welch's Company,
which supported the John Birch Society and Robert Welch.
Boston Big Beans?
The Welch's...
I'm boycotting Welch's products in general because, of course, the founder of the company was Reverend Welch himself.
Of course, he started marketing grape juice as an alternative to wine.
He didn't want people drinking.
Wine is a monger.
A strong drink is waiting.
He filled the Hudson River with grape juice.
And your entire cereal market is because people didn't want people playing with themselves.
Right.
And that's why he invented general magnetics, the way of controlling minds by using a television set.
Just think of it.
He's everywhere.
He's in our grape juice.
He's in our, you know, airplanes and our stealth fighters that may or may not even exist.
Everything I know is wrong.
Everything.
Everything.
Bob is everywhere.
Actually, everything you know is true somewhere in the polycosmos.
But wrong to you, buddy.
I think you guys...
In this one, yeah.
I think the polycosmos is polyamorous on the head.
No, duh.
That's what it's all about.
Why do you think God set it up that way?
Remember the Oz books and Polychrome, the Daughter of the Rainbow?
I always thought she was hot.
Who?
Polychrome.
Polychrome.
Did you ever read the Oz books?
Yeah.
By L. Frank Baum?
Remember Polychrome?
Yeah.
That's what I want.
And she was also a magnetic huntress back in the old days of the Mabuhay Gardens,
where they used to wear squirrel suits and those divine haircuts.
You know, the whole tube look and everything.
Like as if they were being condensed themselves somehow, you know?
Well, now we all have our own private memories to console ourselves in our dark times.
Well, the squirrel suits worked a lot better.



They're a lot better than the skunk suits.
A skunk suit?
For some reason, the skunk suits didn't work out.
It's symbology, baby Kate.
Well, a skunk, the polecat, that's only found here in the New World.
There are no skunks in England, despite recent stupid movies which assert otherwise.
Well, they know if you get...
The very word polecat is interesting.
And you can either introduce or...
I think we should introduce skunks to the New World since they gave us Starlet.
I mean, I'm surprised.
There aren't skunk-like...
...beings in the Old World.
There are, actually, and the word polecat is an Old World term.
Yeah.
But the skunk, the American skunk...
It means stripper, right?
The word was not coined to describe, you know, house cats kept by the poles.
No, it was not.
Nor did it mean a catamount or a big cat like...
Or a catawall.
A bobcat or...
Oh, I just remembered which large animal kept predators at bay because of its horrible stink.
And it was?
The human...
The human being.
Yes.
Everyone hates to smell a humie.
And a homie.
The human being was the skunk of the Old World.
That's right.
The stinky olfactory presence of primitive humans often caused the large megafauna to move out without even taking their furniture.
And those who adapted and those furnitures which also adapted along with them.
And what did the catamount ever amount to?
I mean...
It amounted to a lot.
Back when they could...



They could get together.
And back when you had to spend a minute and a half loading and recharging your musket with wadding and so on.
But today you can mow them down from a helicopter like Sarah Palin.
Yeah.
Did you see that too?
The thing of Sarah Palin mowing down all those lobsters, was it?
Hmm.
So she's down on lobsters now.
I remember that message she had to the country where turkeys were being turned upside down and beheaded in the background.
I heard she quit her bus tour early, actually.
Well, she quits everything.
She's pretty good.
Exactly, yeah.
She's a very good quitter.
She said Paul Revere was trying to protect our Second Amendment rights from the British who were going to take away our guns.
Well, she said that Paul Revere rode to warn the British that he was coming along with a small army of...
Her followers even edited the Wikipedia article.
To make it seem as if she was correct.
Paul Revere did that, right?
Yes.
Not to make it seem as if she was correct, but to say one alternate interpretation of this historical event is that...
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.










Isn't that one of the prerequisites of power is your words must be interpreted numerous different ways to keep numerous people from jumping on you and killing you.
You can keep them at bay that way.
You can keep them calmed down.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs is a master of that.
He really is.
Yes, we can.
We can what?
We can can you.
Tomatoes, peaches, all kinds of things.
She got some books.
Yes, we can can can, too.
Yes.
We can.
You can can can.
Speak for yourself.
I don't know if I can can can.
Corn, .
I've got time to try.
Maybe in a filtered lake you can do it before the tiny lake monster begins to nibble on your epidermis.
At least they're not nibbling the epidermis.
There's a lot of lake monsters that clean, you know, they pay money, the people pay money to have the small fish eat their toes.
Well I would, but I left it in my other suit.
I mean...
Some cities, though.
It's keeping me on my back.
Otherwise, I'd be quite willing.
You'd take it at that level of experience and responsibility.
You wouldn't want to go further than that, so to speak,
like maybe have the head shifting and a little bit of the old deep, deep cranial implant work going.
Come on, fish, please.
You know, all this stuff is temporary, temporary solution.
We'll all be burned clean on X day.
I encourage you to make sure that your cranial implant is tuned appropriately.
I don't know.
I know that you used to be able to find in Dobbs Town the doctors who could do the real good tune-ups on the cranial implants,
but I don't know if they're available anymore.
They've transitioned on.
Yeah, most of them.
They're so good at it now you can barely hear them running.
Mine keeps flashing midnight.
Well, here's a reason for that.
You're supposed to reset them before you use them again.
Geez.
I thought I was a Luddite.
Well, I guess somebody just doesn't like machines and wears wooden shoes.
I certainly wouldn't.
Well, I understand you're supposed to turn your cranial implants in for a tune-up every 50,000 miles.
Yeah, so many miles.
I don't know if that applies if you don't actually use the mileage.
Maybe it's like so many months and so many miles.
Then it depends.
It depends on the conditions in which it's being stored.
If your brain is just in storage, you want to make sure it's climate-controlled.
You want to keep the relative humidity pretty low.
Low relative humidity, temperature around 72 degrees Fahrenheit.
Don't leave it in the back of the car.
Uh-oh.
That's a bad idea.
Think of it as a little baby or you're a little Pomeranian or something, whatever like that.
You don't want to suffocate.
Do Pomeranians come from Pomeroy, Ohio?
Yeah.
What about that?
Maybe.
Maybe a river from Pomeroy.
You can see all those corpses floating down there.
In the Ohio River.
In the last days of Pomeroy?
In the final days of Pomeroy.
Speaking of last days, let's pause for a moment.
Portions of the following broadcast will be objectionable to some listeners,
which is why we advise listener discretion.
And, of course, the views and opinions expressed on this program
are not necessarily those of WCSB or Cleveland State University.
This is Synesthesia.
I'm Dr. Sinister.
We've got Governor Rocknar, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Wombat, Priestess Pisces, Dr. Howell,
Princess We Are Doe, and, of course, Reverend Ivan Stang here in the studio.
And we're anxious.
It doesn't matter.
Listen.

This is getting kind of crowded here.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
Give us a jingle.
Just give us a call and we'll see.
Stop that.
Stop it.
What kind of wombat you were in the past?
The wombat's poking me?
Oh, man.
We're never going to get that out.
Oh, that is my hand.
This is a shunned marriage.
Because I can't do many things for you.
It has teeth.
I warn you.
Oh, that's where about the teeth.
I have bigger peck of wood than my own two fry.
There's plenty to go around.
And look, look, look over there.
Dr. Howell is wearing a magnetic suitcase on his head.
He's being silly again.
Everyone is happy.
Yes, we are frolicking and dancing in utter spontaneous joy.
Bonto.
Bonto.
Bonto.
No longer restrained by society's laws and morals.
We're free.
Free.
Free.
Free.
And since the transition from analog to digital mind control waves, since the transition from
analog to digital mind control waves, just so you know, the tinfoil hats will now actually
amplify the signals.
Ah.
Very good.
Very good.
Really good to know.
That explains a lot.
Absolutely.
I wonder if we should switch some people over to Saran Wrap.
Oh, Saran Wrap.
Isn't that the guy who shot Robert Kennedy?
One of the suckers that tried that.
That was Saran wrap, Saran wrap, Saran ...
Then he went on to start a new wave band in the 80's.
Yes, that's true.
.
Okay, Saran ...
Hungry like the lone wolf.
Okay
Saran...
Saran ...
knocking using horn
And everybody is laughing.
And having fun at my expense.
Alright.
I'll get even. I will. I will.
Oh, the bathroom?
It's down the hall and to the right.
Let's get odd, yes.
It's always down the hall and to the right.
In fact, let's get irrational.
It's where the bathroom always is, down the hall and to the right.
Let's get odd.
Oh, it's time for oddness.
I'm just going to eat everyone's forehead in about 45 seconds if we don't...
Are you referring to the blind bats of Venus?
Am I afraid of my burka? Of course not.
This was given to me by my new-new hexaguar back in the days when the princess reigned supreme.
She had no feet then, remember?
Like she'd float around like a Japanese ghost in the window.
I actually remember Magdalene wore a burka one year.
She wasn't supposed to be seen attending ex-days.
So she was concealed from head to toe in this flowing garment.
I remember it well.
Oh, me too. I have very good reasons.
I wore a burka.
I wore a burka to ex-day once because it was a quick costume.
Chrisley had a much better one.
Chrisley has a much better everything.
Yes, he certainly does.
That's kind of true.
Not to be confused with the congressman from New York State.
Or the horror actor who appeared with Peter Cushing.
No, they're the same.
The Chrisley that comes to ex-day is the same as the horror actor.
And the congressman?
Yeah.
Yeah.
All the same.
And the singer.
Have you ever heard Chrisley's album?
Christopher Lee's album?
You can't imagine.
Christopher Lee, the one who, actor from Horror of Dracula.
Imagine him singing The Streets of Laredo.
And he's not kidding.
Wow, that's what I want to hear.
It's on the Golden Throats collection with the William Shatner songs.
Get it, get it.
And did you ever hear that one of Frank and Nancy?
Nancy Sinatra's anti-drug song?
Yeah.
No, no.
That should be one of our anthems at ex-day, I think.
Susie the Sluzy sent me last year, because I thought it was the worst song ever,
was sent me a copy of Lightning's Girl.
Lightning's Girl?
Yes, by Nancy Sinatra.
You know, Nancy Sinatra did a couple of really awesome duets with Lee Hazelwood.
Yeah.
If the computer were working, I'd pull that up now, but it's not.
But you don't have lights.
You don't have lights.
I have a copy of Let's Duet by Dewey Cox in that box over there.
Oh.
Here.
Well, I'm...
Let's duet.
I was born in a high, high hurricane
Living high on air
In ways that make us feel good
I don't understand what all this bragging about is.
What are you guys talking about?
It sounds like you're honking each other's horns or something.
Oh, excuse me.
I know you're all sleeping.
I don't think that was the horn.
That was...
Keep your hands...
Get your hand off my horn barrel.
All right.
All right.
Let's have some decorum.
There's a whole bunch of stuff on here.
Let's sport a little...
The decorum?
...service here.
Some things are naturally indecorous.
How about we move that over there?
Do you see that?
Okay.
Yeah, just a little bit to the left.
Yeah.
Let's decorate.
And let's put...
Here.
I've got this here.
That's the frosting on the cake.
You can put that over there.
We aim to, please.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
I like it a lot better that way.
Yeah.
I think it works.
Yep.
And if Dave could move that there...
Okay.
That...
That looks nice on it.
I think you should leave it out.
Yeah.
I second that.
Can I maybe have the noble...
It still feels like it needs something, but I don't know what.
Well, I could move that over there when it is glowing.
Wait.
It is very hot, and I don't think you want to...
I do like it.
I don't like it here or there.
I do like it anywhere.
Oh, no!
And I do like green eggs and ham as anyone would who had tasted it.
I don't want to hear that story ever again.
They tortured me as a child with that story.
But did you ever actually get to eat the green eggs?
You know, if you're colorblind, the ham might look green even if it's not.
The eggs are green, as anyone who has raised chickens can tell you.
Every now and then, they lay a green one.
If you hard-boil an egg...
They're good.
If you hard-boil an egg, eventually the yolk will turn green.
No.
The eggs come out...
They come out of the chicken green.
The shell is a delightful green color.
And that's where you get the green eggs.
Well, just think how many different ways you could...
They're so good.
...the language of laying a ham.
Say you were...
You get some green hollandaise sauce with it?
Nobody lays no ham.
Well, have you ever fornicated the pig?
That's how you get the green aids.
Speak for yourself.
And we're not talking about green aids and ham.
But...
Green aids and ham?
Yes, exactly.
Now you're right.
I'm not really laughing at that, am I?
I don't know.
Actually, a regular caller to this program actually has AIDS, or he developed AIDS, but
he's got it in check now with his current regimen of medication, and he got married
this weekend.
So congratulations, Dean Keith, on your nuptials.
As Sarah Silverman said, if life gives you AIDS, make lemonades.
I feel like a bad person for finding her funny.
Oh, no.
You are.
She's not.
I don't think there's anything...

I don't think there's anything wrong with it.
I think...
What I've seen of her, which is not very much...
She's such a nice Jewish girl.
...is quite funny.
Yeah, she's...
Oh, I couldn't stand that show.
I'm becoming depressed now.
Don't worry.
Don't be depressed.
It gets better.
Look, cornbread.
Cornbread?
Hot pastrami sandwich.
Yeah, maybe if you take that, it's going to make me feel better.
What?
Hot pastrami sandwich.
Reverend Stang, I want to thank you for telling that story at a DeVival years ago about talking
to a guy off the bridge, just with the words, hot pastrami sandwich.
Yeah, the guy was going, what?
Come on.
What is there to live for?
And it was a friend of a friend of mine who answered off the top of his head, a hot pastrami
sandwich.
And that made him come down.
The suicidal fellow thought about it for a second and said, you know, you're right.
And they both went off.
And it was in New York, I think, and they went and had a hot pastrami sandwich.
There's a whole chapter in the new Subgenius book about reasons why you shouldn't commit
subicide.
And that's one of the reasons why I'm no longer a vegetarian.
That's why there are no sub-substates anywhere on the sub-substates.
The allure of the pastrami.
Well, the main point of it was that God or Bob are going to kill you anyway, and they're
professionals at it.
By definition, you're an amateur.
So leave it to the pros, kids.
You know, you're just going to mess it up.
We were talking about that on the way over.
People who try to kill themselves by driving into the Grand Canyon, because they saw it
in a movie.
Well, guess what?
It's not really all that steep.
Well, you know what?
Actually, we do have something similar to that in the Cleveland area.
If you go off the road on I-480 right before you get to the bridge over the Cuyahoga Valley,
it is possible to drive right over the edge and into the valley below.
They have like a whole bunch of no parking signs, because when I used to live in Youngstown,
there was a strip with a huge gully.
And for some reason, there was like 47 no parking signs in a row right there, instead
of a normal street.
So it's like a normal guardrail or anything.
Just think of what it would be like to have a flat tire on the BQE in New York City during rush hour.
I can tell you exactly what that would be like.
What you need to do is lock yourself in your bathroom and scream at yourself for an hour.
Well, that hasn't helped so far.
I don't see why.
This has the ring of experience to it.
Boy, some folks sure know how to have fun.
Yeah.
You're accusing me of a peculiar form of fun, or somebody.
One of the coolest things I've heard in recent years about innovation is that you're not

going to have to run out of hydrogen sulfide.






But I think one of the greatest innovations in suicide was hydrogen sulfide.
Hmm.
If you can get enough like hydrogen sulfide, either create a chemical reaction that will
release it or bottle it up somehow.
And this is what's really sick about it is these people would sit in a car.
I guess in Japan.
It's been bigger in Japan than anywhere else, but they'll sit in their car.
Everything's in Japan.
Yeah.
Because it's such a small.
The Japanese are such small people.
They're like stonewashed cathedral or something.
I mean, what are you talking about?
What do they do?
They're not so small anymore.
Those stonewashed cathedrals aren't fashionable anymore.
But yeah, you sit in your car and you uncork a bottle of hydrogen sulfide, it'll kill you very quickly.
And then, when the authorities or whatever find your car, they see a dead body in there and they open it up.
They die too.
They die too, yes.
It releases all that hydrogen sulfide.
Oh, I see.
Well, you know, we are going to be seeing the movie classics at X-Day.
The endless monster movie, Bull Data Stream, will be flowing.
The Grindhouse.
There will be a 24-7 Grindhouse plus Dr. Dark's drive-in, which is showing Big Man Japan.
With subtitles.
With subtitles.
And believe you me, it is the weirdest Japanese monster movie you will ever see.
Yes.
I actually have the schedule of the Grindhouse films.
It's incredibly long.
Yeah.
But it looks really, really horrible.
I have a good one.
In a good way.
I mean, as you understand.
I mean, like Radar Men from the Moon.
Yeah.
The Phantom Creeps.
The Phantom Creeps.
Leonard Nimoy is in that one.
Horrors of Spider Island.
Horrors of Spider Island.
Incredibly strange creatures who stopped living and became mixed-up zombies.
Yes, we've all logged our hours with these.
Frankenstein meets the Space Monster.
Frankenstein meets the Space Monster.
That's a pretty good one.
Yeah, that's better than you think.
I watched that about a month ago.
That's not really too bad of a movie.
Right.
Let's see.
What else is...
Last Man on Earth.
Last Man on Earth.
The precursor to that I Am Legend Will Smith movie.
It's actually a better version.
And The Omega Man.
So that's The Omega Man?
The Omega Man is a remake of The Last Man on Earth.
The Last Man on Earth.
Yeah.
Carnival of Souls.
I'd Bury the Living.
Oh, my gosh.
There's classics like Plan 9 from Outer Space.
Oh, yeah.
Plan 69 from Outer Space.
The Beast of Yucca Flats.
With Tor Johnson.
Yeah, that's a fun one.
They didn't have sync sound capability, so whenever anybody speaks, they're being seen from behind.
Here's a fun fact.
They don't have to work hard on the dubbing.
The Beast of Yucca Flats had Tor Johnson run up and down sand dunes to chase the kids in the movie,
only he couldn't make it up the sand dunes,
so they used a special crane to haul him up during the making.
That must have eaten up half the budget.
Maybe it's just something they had in their auto parts yard.
A crane?
That's what I read, yes, years ago.
Don't ask me where.
In that Tor Johnson classic, The Beast of Yucca Flats.
Of course, wasn't radiation responsible?
Isn't it always?
It wasn't until quantum foam was discovered.
Exactly.
Now let's see.
Also showing at Dr. Dark's drive-in is The Lost Skeleton Returns Again.
Sequel to The Lost Skeleton of Cadavera.
Yeah, those are actually pretty funny.
Mexican horror, bees, classic, psychotronic, blah, blah.
Planet Terror and Machete.
Oh, those have to be seen.
Did anyone ever see the Mexican movie The Brainiac?
No.
No.
No, but I understand there's a shot from it in Arise.
Yes, there is.
Well, I used to live in Tucson, Arizona, and before everything got taken over by the conspiracy,
they would show those Mexican monster movies late at night TV,
and I saw many of them, K. Gordon Murray productions dubbed into English,
and one of them is The Brainiac, where a sorcerer in the 17th century is condemned to death,
and then he returns in the 20th century shooting down,
from the sky like a meteor, and he lands near the car of the first unfortunate victims who go to investigate.
And when he changes, he becomes something that looks like a devil pinata that sticks out a long tongue
and sucks out the brains of the unfortunates who come in contact with him.
Other brains, which he removes, he keeps in a carved Mexican chest and eats with a long silver spoon out of a gleaming goblet.
Several times, this mise-en-scene is repeated in The Brainiac.
But before he turns into the pinata, there's a shimmer or wobble effect.
The interesting thing about this and all the other Mexican vampire movies is that you had the feeling when you watched them
that they were made by people who believed it could be possible.
People who really believed in vampires and monsters made these movies.
And nowadays, in order for a Mexican movie to be broadcast on Arizona television,
it has to first prove that it's being broadcast in the country legally.
Exactly.
They have to.



They would never show these old black and white kings anyway.
They don't show old monster movies or even old movies anymore on television late at night.
It's all infomercials and like that.
That era has come and gone.
You know, they recently introduced a bill in the Arizona legislature to change all the Spanish language place names in the state to English.
Like, it's not going to be the city of Mesa anymore.
It's going to be the city of Table.
You are kidding, aren't you?
You're not sure if I'm kidding or not, are you?
Right, I'm not sure.
As a former resident of Arizona, I can tell you some of that already goes on.
For example,
on the border of Arizona and Mexico is the city of Sasaabe, if you're on the Mexican side,
and Sasabee, if you're on the American side.
Well, yeah, sure.
It's the same city, but the border runs through it.
There's something instead of Buena Vista, it's Buena Vista.
Good view.
Damn it, we're Americans, call it nice view.
What do they call it?
Buena Vista.
Buena Vista.
Oh, sure.
There used to be a restaurant in Warren, Ohio called the Buena Vista.
You know, we were talking about the movies.
Did we mention all of the music?
Because I don't remember if we did.
Did we mention the music?
No, we did not mention all of the music.
The Buena Vista still exists.
I thought it was called the Buena Vista.
No, the Buena Vista.
See, my grandma who lived in Warren called it the Buena Vista.
The music of X-Day includes the torch singer, Fat Man D, and her husband, Tommy Amoeba.
Tommy Amoeba, yeah.
Tommy Amoeba.
He's more Devo than Devo.
Andrew the Impaled, who not only plays music, but also hurts himself.
The Saint Sebastian of X-Day.
Boron Nuzzle, which is a sort of Bull Dada band.
Veterans of the Detroit Divide.
One of the guys in the band has prescription 3D glasses.
Electronic music, if you like it, folks.
That's Boron Nuzzle.
Yes, Sid Redland.
He's one of the...
Do you remember when those guys passed out on stage?
Cult of Sears, Duke of Uke, the Six-Fisted Tales of Connie, which is the jam band.
It's jam-packed with down-home goodness.
We mentioned Zero Defects.
We mentioned...
Oh, the Ministry of Slap People are there.
I always seem to leave them out.
Also, there's going to be DJ Tubings, DJ 720K, DJ Sam Snow, DJ Graham.
Bring earplugs.
Bring earplugs.
720K and DJ Gravity are both from the Youngstown area, and I think Sam Snow also is from Youngstown.
Actually, you mentioned wear earplugs, and that is our public service announcement for the hour.
Wear earplugs.
You're going to need them to keep the wiggle worms out.
If you want to live to hear the music another day.
Yes, that's true.
You're on to it.
Did we mention the Evolution Control Committee?
Yes.
We did mention the Evolution Control Committee and Zero Defects.
I'm going to be very embarrassed when I run into Trademark because I interviewed him like two years ago and never sent him a copy of the interview like I said I would, so I'll be bringing it to him the next day.
Oh, you are going to be there?
Yes.
Good, good.
At least for a couple of days.
You know, I got a call from somebody just before we were leaving saying, I read in the program book that the registration closes down at 4 o'clock on Saturday, and we were going to get there at 5 o'clock on Saturday.
Oh.
And I actually picked up the phone, which is something I rarely ever do.
Pick up the phone now and call.
And said, I reassured her, no, don't worry, we're not Nazis.
You can pay first and we'll ask questions later.
Or something like that.
Maybe we are.
We spit.
Don't, you know, it's like, just ask Reverend Stang and he'll tell you to go ask Pisces.
That's exactly what will happen.
Yes.
Or 39.
Just ask the public.
I made a public service announcement earlier where I explained to everyone that you have until the 28th to ask me stupid questions.
The 28th of June.
Yes.
After the 28th of June, there are no more, you're not allowed to ask me, well, you can ask stupid questions.
Yeah, the month of June is a bad answer.
But after that point, I won't answer them.
The month of June really is actually the month of Connie in a way.
The leafy month of June.
The origin of the name of the month of June.
Of course, is the Roman goddess Juno.
And the name Juno is cognate.
I didn't know.
Yeah.
And the name Juno is cognate with the Greek word gyno.
The letter gamma in modern Greek is often pronounced like a sound.
And of course, the letter Y, when you see that in a Greek word, well, they don't have a letter Y in Greek.
They have the epsilon, which is like a letter U.
Gyno, cuny, cony.
In Spanish, they call it the Greek Y.
You think I speak of country matters?
So are you saying that June is the guna?
Of the year?
Oh, it is.
It is the most.
The most vaginous year.
Oh, yes.
Well, it's the weddings.
Of course.
Most weddings happen in June.
That seems to be popular.
And I see that also you're getting.
I was at one this year.
Your shift is going all the way from springy, wingy, dingy to summer, summer, dumber.
And there's a lot of light.
Don't you get too springy?
Which, as anybody who knows chickens knows, that a lot of light makes for a lot of.
Come here, baby.
Well, just the same way chickens, they want to make eggs and so forth.
They do.
They must.
It keeps coming back to eggs.
The humble chicken is, of course, descended from Tyrannosaurus Rex.
We all know.
Some say.
Some say.
Not I.
I like to pretend.
Tyrannosaurus Rex, a great king indeed.
The last true great king that I would vote for if it wasn't a.
Six-semper Tyrannosaurus.
Six-semper Tyrannosaurus, exactly.
I wonder if that was the case, would there be a naked Tyrannosaurus boob on my stage?
I've never seen a.
Tyrannosaurus with clothes on, though.
Well, no, I meant just that.
Would the Tyrannosaurus be showing boob?
I'm afraid I have.
Remember that stupid show, Dinosaurs, with the guys in monster suits?
But there was no Tyrannosaurus on the show.
Yeah, I don't think any of those conformed to any specific species.
They did conform, but they didn't actually have a Tyrannosaurus because they would have
disturbed.
They had a conference before the show ever began.
The Tyrannosaurus's distinctive small arm with only two fingers would have disturbed.
Right.
Mother and father America.
So they ended up with a hybrid Megalosaurus species for the dad.
The mom, an ornithopod of some kind, and so was the son.
Ornithopod, like having bird-like feet?
The boss of the supposedly carnivorous dad was a Styracosaurus, but feared nonetheless.
Why is it that every sitcom has a big oafish dad?
Because they don't dare have a big oafish mom and a smart, hip dad.
I've decided that the official dinosaur of Pisceans is the Squalodon.
Squalodon.
The Squalodon.
Squalodon.
That's a story too tawdry to tell.
But there was a Carcharodontosaurus and another one that were larger than Tyrannosaurus.
Larger carnivores than poor old dethroned Tyrannosaurus rex.
Spinosaurus was the one that was the...
Spinosaurus was larger, yes.
But in addition to Spinosaurus and Carcharodontosaurus, there's also Giganotosaurus, a gigantic allosaurid.
And then?
Allosaurids and Tyrannosaurids are not related according to current opinions.
Well, of course the Allosaur is the other lizard.
And then Godzillosaurus, the hugest one of all.
That's fair.
And Cloverfieldosaurus, the ugliest one.
Some people place Tyrannosaurus with the Dromaeosaurus, who are of course related to Deinonychus,
Velociraptor and all that kind of thing.
Really? I didn't know that.
Yes, they are an enlarged form of that.
They're not that big of a size, supposedly.
But what about the Dabasaur?
The Dabasaur?
Oh, that's a tiny dinosaur.
Well, a little dabble, do you?
Smart, Ian.
You know, what you have to do is go deeply into the records.
And many things have already been dug up, but they have not been prepared by the museum people.
That takes a long time.
So many discoveries have already been made.
The skeleton is almost perfect.
It's lacking only a head.
Go to Crate 62 and bring me the head of that creature.
The Camarasaurus.
We will name this thing, yes, Thunder Lizard, Brontosaurus.
I'll be famous!
Before Camarasaurus, did it have a mullet?
Huh?
Did the Camarasaurus have a mullet?
It had a distinctive shaped head, like its friend, the Brachiosaurus.
But it was not a Diplodocid the way the actual Brontosaurus was.
So it had the wrong head.
But, you know, if you look at the big picture, there were huge Camarasaurus.
The size of a Patasaurus.
So what's the difference?
The only difference is now not the head, but the arch of the back, which is different in Camarasaurus and Patasaurus.
The Camarasaurus used to get in races with the GTO-asaurus, and then all of a sudden the Firebird-asaurus would show up.
And then they would call them Papasaurus.
Because you can't have any drag racing in that era.
The Brontosaurus, a moving mountain of flesh and bone.
How many times have I heard that?
My son, you know, has been...
has been writing a script based on Bone Wars.
Martian Cope.
And at one point he worked and Marsh is making this...
he's ending a speech with these amazing creatures, too huge to leave the water.
These hairless, gigantic, cold-blooded, mindless creatures.
In other words, basically every single thing we were brought up to believe that was wrong.
It's not wrong.
Pardon me.
But nothing has been proven.
There is a fad in paleontology.
There you go.
We need to sift out the evidence.
Nothing indicates that so-called Brontosaurus was endothermic or warm-blooded.
Nothing indicates that it did not go in the water.
In fact, there are ichthyological traces which have always been interpreted as the fact that it was swimming and with its front feet.
But, of course, they spent most of their time outside the water.
Like a pirate.
I don't know if there was only time, I could tell you.
But time is a thing of dragonflies and angels.
The former live too little and the latter live too long.
And we are running out of it here on a most enjoyable...
Rerunning out of it, I should say.
Yes, it'll be rerun again in the summer.
I'm tailing it right out of it.
But to remember, folks, it's not over until it's over.
And don't believe everything you hear, especially about feathers and dinosaurs.
No, you must believe everything.
Especially the things that...
I'm sorry.
...contradicted you.
...on July 7th.
I'm sorry.
Just compartmentalize.
If you can believe many contradictory things, some of them will definitely be right.
Well...
If you believe everything, something's true.
...none of them will.
That's the hard part.
Everything I predicted will come true sooner or later.
Millions of years ago...
And you are dinosaurs.
...go to the Earth.
Millions.
Yeah.
Yeah, this has been a very special episode of Synesthesia on WCSB Cleveland.
Thank you.
Thank you for having me.





I want to thank Dr. Howell.
Of course, you can hear him on his program Puzzling Evidence.
Are you still on KPFA out there?
Yes, that's right.
I'm on KPFA and at RadioValencia.fm, with my own show that Friday night.
Look for our podcasts from San Francisco's pirate radio station, RadioValencia.fm.
So the way it is is I've got two shows within 24 hours of each other, and they're kind of
indistinguishable because Puzzling Evidence comes over to my show and makes it sound like
his show.
Oh, no!
Yes, he has. He's put in telephone commercials and so on,
right in the middle while I'm reciting some poem or something.
But there you go.
Anyway, it continues.
That's why they call him Buzzing Evidence.
Well, everyone, praise Bob.
What about your live shows?
They're temporarily on hiatus, but we will start up again in the fall.
And people who visit New York City might wish to tack on to my museum tours
at the American Museum of Natural History this November.
What?
There's no time to continue this plug-ola, but just keep...
We're not telling anyone they need to go there.
No calls to action, no prices given out.
The whole museum is going with us at X Day anyway.
It's all a contingency plan.
At long last, real estate in Manhattan will be reasonably priced once you...
Yes, take it along in Chinese take-out food containers.
Well, I will let you guys have fun with the rest of your evening.
I need to go back to...
Preparing for the coming week's events.
Good night, sweet priestess.
Good to hear from you.
Good to hear from you.
See you in the all-together at X Day.
Absolutely.
See you on the saucers.
I love you all.
Kisses.
Mwah.
Au revoir.
And I will talk to you soon.
There she goes.
Whoa, cut off in our prime.
Well, that's it for our show tonight.
Take care, folks.
All right, thank you, Wombat.
Thank you.
And thank you, Dave.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, Ragnar.
You still there, Ragnar?
Don't tell me he passed out on the air.
He's sleeping.
See, like, no money mark has been known to fall asleep on the air sometimes.
You can actually hear him snoring.
He's not the only one in this room who's been known to fall asleep.
Hey, I'm often sleep-deprived, and then I get Pedro-bombed when I go in.
See, but that's the wonderful thing about sleep deprivation,
is that it'll start making you hallucinate,
and that makes for some very interesting...
Yeah.
...interesting radio.
Well, why do you think Dave does it?
I...
I...
I...
Don't...
Don't spoil the secret, man.
It's like...
That's like explaining that the Wizard of Oz is a man behind the curtain.
I didn't want to hear that.
Well, he's partly that, but he's also more.
Yeah.
Who's calling in here?
Okay, we got a local caller here.
Oh, but they hung up too quick.
Well...
They hung up.
But I thought we were hung up.
I thought we were done.
We got more...
We got...
We got a lot of hangups.
We got a lot of hangups.



We got a lot of hangups here.
Well, I...
I thought we were going to pack up our tents and...
Well, the following program is not quite ready, so I guess we're just going to continue listening
to the...
Subgenius Power of Switch.
Where are we, Bob?
Where are we?
Post Office Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.














Did I forget to mention that after X Day, after the saucers again failed to arrive
at 7 AM July 5th, and after we struck the set and made way for the Starwood sets and
packed up our stuff and went back to the big house, that I slept for a total of 16 hours.
First I slept for four hours in the afternoon.
Then I got up and did some...
Some media-related stuff.
Then I slept for 12 hours straight.
I woke up with severe physical pain all over my whole body from the effort of doing so
much while in what you call show mode.
It must be what...
You know, when somebody has to transform into a superhero, and they feel great and powerful,
but then when they transform back, they feel like crap.
And not because of a hangover or anything like that.
It's because of the superpowers.
When they go away, you're...
Oh, God.
Everything hurts, inside and out.
But it's worth it.
I did have to recharge again Wednesday night and did a radio interview on Oberon Zell's
podcast.
He's the head of the Church of All Worlds, a sort of a swingers cult.
I'm not sure if you've heard of it.
And I have to recharge myself, because I'm the headlining speaker on Saturday night at
Starwood.
I have to be in top shape to just improv off the top of my head.
Why is this truck driving straight at me?
Ah!
