How do you do ladies and gentlemen? I'm your host Truman Nedley. If you'll follow me to my demonstration table, you'll see something quite unusual.
Don't forget to take a blood sample at regular intervals.
Everything's ready.
It should hit you fast.
I got my first reaction in about three seconds.
Kind of a roaring sensation like I was in a cave.
You all right, Jim?
Yes, I'm all right.
But you're not.
What do you mean?
Something's happened to both of you.
You're moving in slow motion.
Can you see clearly?
Yes.
I'll clap my hands at regular intervals.
Estimate the correct time of the interval.
I'd estimate the interval to be ten seconds.
Actually, the intervals were only one second.
Oh, the chemicals worn off.
Marken, prepare some more oxynoxine NO2.
And Elaine, help me with the...
Transformers.
The experiments continued with electric impulses.
Get back, both of you!
Jazz, you...
I can't breathe!
Ha ha, ain't that a laugh?
What?
Those two can be used for off-stack.
Two on several rounds.
Full equipment for infecting the meat.
You understand?
What?
Exactly.
Shut up!
Yes, sir.
Uncle Sam.
Uncle Sam presents...
The Soul Genius...
Hour of squawking!
Wasn't it easy to hug Eve,





Dubbed pie.

You may be sitting there right now wondering how you're gonna make it through the day.
Please, have a drink.
Do you worry yourself sick?
Please, let me help you take prescription medication.
You just take another pill.
This is the real you.
The man who lost...
To be very blunt and to the point, I've lost...
How do you know you can't have slack?
You are a child of slackness.
I have truly lost slack.
Why do you want so desperately to find slackness now?
Can you help me find slack?
A desperate man does anything he thinks might help.
Has some man got slackness?
I knew you'd come.
Yes, yes.
I felt the power of slack.
Look at his face.
He's smiling and peaceful.
Yes.
Now it is here.
It is my opinion that the people aren't in it.
It is my opinion that the people aren't in it.
The Craven Sluck.
The Craven Sluck.
The Craven Sluck.
A Poor Man's inflation rule needed to avoid suicide.
Now I know why this one is so dead.
The Craven Sluck.
The Craven Sluck.
I'm going to break everything down.

You can't kick me down there.
Miraculous.
I don't know what to say, but I'm better.

I'm going to break down everything into parks, streets, alleys, roads...
The Craven Sluck.

I was convinced it would sell me some sales, online digital, and then to Meat end stamps...
laid down a set of rules for members of the church to live their lives, and Ms. Smith's life
has met the following criteria. One, she spent her life slacking off and did not conform to the
expectations of others. Two, she achieved fame and fortune not through hard work or intelligence,
but basically through dumb holy luck. Three, as seen from her many photos and TV appearances,
she ate the hell out of her fair share of hamburgers. This meets the definition of the
subgenius commandment, don't just eat that hamburger, eat the hell out of it. Four, she was
martyred by the pinks, a subgenius term referring to normal people, after being crucified in the
press. Five, like Saint Mary Magdalene of the Catholic Church, her child is a son of man,
we don't mean the band man or man incorporated. Unlike Mary Magdalene, she, who claimed that no
mortal was the father of her child, it seems as though every male and perhaps a few female mortals
are claiming to be the father of her child. The church uses this as the basis for its prediction
that Ms. Smith's child shall be a prophet of the subgenius. The Church of the Subgenius encourages
wholesome sexuality, which Ms. Smith...
Ex...
Ex...
You'd think I'd be able to say that better.
Ms. Smith exuded wholesome sexuality to excess, at least in her prime years. So, friends, in the
official calendar of subgenius saints, the date of May 1st will be set aside for honoring Ms.
Anna Nicole Smith. She will share this day with Saint Catherine the Great of Russia, who also had
sainthood bestowed on her posthumously by the Church. The Church of the Subgenius,
a popular organization, often seen as a parody of religious cults including Scientology, the Raelians, and the Unification Church,
was founded in 1953 by the mysterious figure named J.R. Bob Dobbs, whose smiling pipe-smoking image has been seen worldwide
in clip art, graffiti, tattoos, and rock albums from performers ranging from Devo and George Clinton to Sublime.
A number of celebrities are subgenius ministers, including Talking Heads singer David Byrne, Penn Jillette,
late science fiction author Robert Anton Wilson, comic book artist Robert Crumb, and B. Wee Herman.
In 2001, the Church offered a formal invitation to Ms. Smith for her to attend its annual End of the World Celebration,
X-Day, as a vacation from the stress of her daily life. She is not the first celebrity to be awarded posthumous sainthood in the Church.
In 1986, an official subgenius minister ordainment was bestowed upon Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard, a scant two weeks,
before his death. In his published autobiography, rock and roll singer Frank Zappa acknowledged his agreement with the Church's ideals,
though refused to join the organization. A posthumous sainthood was awarded to him by the Church shortly after his passing.
And, friends, all I can say is, Modemak also is a sex god.
Good Lord, we're being attacked by flying saucers from another planet.
I must flee to safety!
Bob.
Bob.
Yes, Bob is coming, friends, because that's what he is. That's what Bob is.
Fernanda Dandy Lee Murr did that, and the beginning of the show, and thanks to Mr. Sister for the Kraven Slug,
and to Nor El Pref, who did the man who lost slack.
Friends, this is Ed.
Tower of Slack, number 1089, the Anna Nicole and Magdalene special.
Coming up, news of the subgenius child custody case, and a list of all future subgenius revivals and festivals.
More Nor El Pref from norelpref.com.
Songs by Glass Madness, Doctors for Bob and G. Gordon Gordon, the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
But first, from KPFA, Berkeley, Dr. Philo, Dr. Howe, and puzzling evidence.
And a girl, as they seriously discuss the truth of Bob.
Not every soul believes in Bob.
But in his confirmation is he known, as also he is the eternal of the eternal ones, the ancient of the ancient ones, the concealed of the concealed ones.
And in his symbols is he knowable and unknowable.
Hey, knowable, get those animals in the boat. It's starting to rain.
Hey, knowable, get those animals in the boat. It's starting to rain.
Within his skull exist daily 13,000 myriads of worlds from which draw their experience.
And by him are upheld.
And by him are upheld.
Now why would my mom care about this stuff?
You know, your mom was onto something.
Enough to send your brother out here.
Yeah, with the BB gun already pointed towards his eye.
With it fixed to a special device.
Right now?
He's coming right now?
It's a hat that he wears and has a BB gun in it pointed towards his eye that only I can pull the trigger off.
Just the drapes and we've got to vacuum the lower hall now.
I want you all to help me.
Before he gets here, we're going to have this house looking spick and span.
And I don't mean maybe.
It doesn't really have to be spick and span.
It just has to look that way, right?
So if we shove this stuff under here, we lift the carpet up over here.
Oh, all right.
Put your crappy old drawers, your skid marked, ridden drawers over here.
Excuse me.
Ew.
It's my account, Mitch Crimson.
I'm sorry.
Man.
You put your foot in it right there in the rear wheel.
Thanks for helping me out of a jam.
I'm glad you liked it.
I appreciate it.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.
Bye.



Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.













My grandson's boat Coastal.
He might be demographic already but he's still a great buddy of mine.

See ya.
Bye.




No, you're never gonna make it big
With sound thinking you got problems
Let Bob do the sound thinking for you
Sound thinking by yourself ain't no good
When Bob does the sound thinking for you
Everything you think seems good
Sound thinking ain't not gonna get you to subvenience heaven
Sound thinking ain't gonna help you play this guitar
Sound thinking ain't gonna help you play this guitar
Sound thinking ain't gonna be the path to Dobbs Town
Sound thinking won't help you grab your car
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar



No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
No sound thinking won't get you into a bar
court with severe depression. And this means that the state pays for his lawyers. But because the
Bevilacquas each work the equivalent of two jobs each, they have to pay for their lawyers. And they
now have to pay a new different lawyer to handle this higher appellate court thing.
And I could read you a really heartbreaking letter from Reverend Magdalene
about the nightmarish stuff she's gone through. But you can read that letter, as I said, at
subgenius.com. If you just click on that big red church emergency link. Maybe I should play
the little radio clip of Bob Larson, the Christian talk show host, talking, well,
slandering the Bevilacquas.
This is Bob Larson.
Bob Larson with today's Spiritual Freedom Perspective on the subject of the subgenius sect.
A strange cult and a custody battle. Now, I've encountered the subgenius cult many times
through the years, but I suspect that hardly anybody listening to me now has ever heard of them.
Well, it is a cult, but it's kind of a parody of a cult.
They call themselves cults.
The church of the subgenius. And they have a god named, interestingly enough, Bob.
This is a kind of a 50s-looking cartoon, single-line-drawn figure smoking a pipe.
And the people who are part of this group, and I've dealt with some of them, and they are really strange,
practice this parody religion through satire, performance, art, and comedy.
And they love to spoof other religious groups.
Not long ago, they held an...
X-Day Festival.
In which they mocked Mel Gibson's movie, The Passion of the Christ.
They dressed up Jesus Christ as a clown, carrying a cross, fashioned in the shape of a dollar sign,
and as he made his way to Calvary, the members of the church, the subgenius, beat him with,
shall we just say, sexual toys?
Discreetly?
Well, it just so happens that Rachel Bevilacqua has had custody of her son since birth.
Now, the father retained visitation rights, but dear old dad became upset at the church of the subgenius
and the type of things that his son was being subjected to, so he took steps to request sole custody of the child.
Well, when the judge found out what this cult was all about,
and the strange things that they did,
he removed the child from the care of the mother.
Well, the people in the subgenius sect went on the internet and they went on the march.
And as a result, it looks like there's going to be...
There's going to be a new hearing, and the case has been reassigned to another judge.
And this mother, dear, sweet Rachel of the subgenius sect, is going back into court,
claiming the right to raise her child in that kind of environment, and arguing,
oh, come on, judge, can't you take a joke?
Let me tell you a bit around these people.
They're not only strange, they're full of the devil.
And the sad thing is the justice system.
The justice system is giving this woman a second chance to keep her child
in this kind of demonic cult that would subject the innocency of a youngster
to such perverted goings-on.
It should be plain.
There should be no question.
There is no need for a second hearing, a second trial.
Well, this woman is not fit to be...
a mother.
Anyway, friends, there are numerous ways that you can help with this case.
You know, this thing doesn't just affect subgeniuses.
Basically, anybody who's planning to be a parent, or is a parent now,
who so much as keeps weird artwork in their house,
needs to be aware that a family court judge can take your child away from you
because he thinks the artwork...
is bad.
And...
So, you know, quit making fun of the Muslims who won't even allow a picture of Muhammad to be made.
The Americans...
are no better.
Or at least, let me put it this way, friends.
Once again, we're fighting the American government because they think it's okay to take children away from
hard-working, well-educated families with a
clean-as-a-whistle record
just because
their artwork has Bob in it.
And we know what that means.
That means they don't believe in the...
uh...
or that...
or that it means they don't necessarily believe in the majority religion of Christianity.
Which...
and no matter what they say, friends, it's still a crime not to be a Christian in the USA, apparently.
You... or you have to be...
you can be a non-Christian, but you have to be the right kind,
according to...
New York family judges.
Uhhhh...
And, uh...
And so...
God will successfully, with the help of the federal court system,
be mocked in 40 million little innocent pagan babies.
I really believe throwing God out of the...
the ACLU, People for the American Way,
public square, the schools,
all of them,
the abortionists have got to make that an alternative lifestyle,
secularize America,
and the gays and the lesbians
point the thing in their face and make God bear some burden for this.
Well, Jerry, that's my feeling.
I think we've just seen the... the antechamber to free society.
We haven't even begun to see what they can do to the major population.
The... the problem is we've adopted that term,
so we're responsible for that agenda at the highest levels of our government.
I... I totally concur.
A Dr. Larry Chan Show.
Jay Cthulhu did that.
It's called Jerry and Pat.
Before that, Glass Madness did that song, Sound Thinking.
And now, more puzzling Hal and Philo explaining the truth.
Well, my... my, uh, statistics...
my statistics friend who's capable of distorting the truth
once told me that I had extended...
I had extended the information farther than the data would support.
I'm gonna be dumb.
And why would, uh...
They make such a criticism.
No other reason than sheer jealousy.
Yes, it was sheer jealousy.
They were envious.
They had been my enemies for a long time.
And I vowed vengeance.
I would be vindicated.
I went back, uh, to them.
And I ran back to their door.
I walked 500 miles to get back there.
Me and the alien...
Actually, two 500 mileses.
Two of them.
But I had the alien walk... That's how you said it.
One of the 500 mileses.
While I just only walked one 500 miles myself with my one leg.
No, God was carrying you, see?
That's why there was only one set of tracks in the sand.
A godless hairy ape was with me.
That's what was actually with me.
And they called him...
God or God?
...hairy ape.
There was only one set of tracks in the sand.
There was only one leg.
One set of foot...
There was only one footprint.
There is no...
There's only one tile.
There was only one footprint.
It was just the left foot.
And it went on and on.
And it was like, how did he do it without jumping?
Was there a pogo stick involved?
Was there a cane?
Was there some kind of levitation device that only worked on half of his body?

You are a carbon footprint.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what it was.
A levitation device that only filled him up on half of his body.
The other half was just normally ambulating along through the sand, walking with Jesus.
Jesus.
The pink Jesus.
Trying to find out what it was.
And he was walking with Jesus.











You'll never know what it was that made him so special.
No, not him.
Him.
Could not be him.
Him, the pink Jesus.
Leave the sub-genius alone.
Anyway, now, friends, we're going to go to Ex Day now.
Ex Day X now with Nauro Preffiness galore.
Ladies and gentlemen...
Like myself.
I think you're going to be very interested in this story.

that we're going to tell you on a day that we'll call X.
On a certain day called X,
the sun came up at 6.31.
Children were boiling and coughing late.
Wake up, wake up. It's a wonderful day today.
Religion is important.
The people, like its church architecture,
are forward-thinking and shining the pumper.
Booty, booty.
This day is the one called X.
And so this day called X,
which began in such an ordinary way,
is no ordinary day.
Normal broadcasting will be discontinued for an indefinite period.
On a day called X.
Ladies and gentlemen, just about there.
I have no information yet as to how it's progressing.
By 10.55.
I have no information yet as to how it's progressing.
Normal broadcasting has been discontinued.
Keep your radio tuned to this frequency.
Follow the green light. Proceed with care.
Move immediately to this...
...dispersal area.
Rumors are everywhere.
According to information we have just received,
the situation remains the same.
Chief Simpson.
He might be interested in knowing that en route,
one boy and twins were born.
There's no panic among the children.
They've rehearsed this before.
I think we're doing quite well.
Project supervised by Will Gibson.
It is time to be alone and think of the future.
Eat, sleep, and breathe on this day called X.
The air outside is strange.
And silent.
The day called X reaches its climax.
The day called X reaches its climax.
What happened after that moment?
We leave you to contemplate.
The one thing is certain.
Normal broadcasting has been discontinued.
Normal broadcasting has been discontinued.
Bob won the Olympic gold medal.
And once again, Bob stood on the top of the world.

And once again, Bob stood on the top of the world.
A gold medal!
Let's hear it from the new吗 Lord of the Rings.
I hope you haven't been disappointed.
Are you multiple to right now?
Gibson is the fire in the
sun.
I keep watching the movie because you know,
I'm reading it live every night.
I'll scar a chance to bring to you
what you cannot do in the future.
The bullet charisma the boom among HD...
Do you want to go and
question. You might as well put out a sign and tell people you're a psychic. You just know what's
going to happen. Fear and doubt are going to control you. X days. We may also control you.
As a habit, it's a seed of an idea, a way of life. We are all tattooed in our cradles with the
beliefs of our tribe. X days. X government. King of the land of ceaseless prattle. With an X days.
You really want this. You believe you deserve it. Your mind has entered a new vibration. I'll
get more into this in a moment. There's a whole big wide world of magnificence out there. There's
a wide world of magnificence in you. Meditate on it. Get emotionally involved with come, come.
You're living in a new vibration. It might even make you laugh. Quit that job. Great. Blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah. This is Bob.
Friends, it's
time for the

time for some good news. I'm going to run through a list of subgenius events that are coming up
during the next several months and where they're happening at on April 1st in San Francisco,
California. And this isn't a joke. It really is going to be on April 1st in San Francisco at City
Lights Bookstore. There will be a devival and sacred subgenius book signing and burning party
with Dr. Philo Drummond,
Dr. Hal Robbins, Puzzling Evidence, Phineas Narco, Reverend John Shirley, Pope Michael Pepe,
and I hope Paul Mavridis signing the new subgenius book, The Bobliographon, and also
Revelation X at City Light Books in San Francisco, April 1st. You should be easily able to find City
Lights Books. It's a famous bookstore. May 5th and 6th weekend, text day, friends.
Text day.
X Day, the third one at Dragon's Wild Ranch near Austin, Texas.
Loke E. Coyote puts that on and will be performing there.
I'm planning to go down there.
And you can find information about this, the addresses, and so forth at subgenius.com
if you click on the events section.
And more X Day on May 12th and 18th if you want to jump from Austin to Amsterdam.
Holland.
Euro X Day takes place at various noted clubs, bars, and coffee shops.
Friends, you'd have to join the Euro Subgenius mailing list to get the full details on this insane multi-venue life experience.
But yes, once again, May 12th through 18th, Euro X Day, where the Euro Subgeni and their American friends who buy a plane ticket
can await the coming of the saucers.
Which actually won't happen.
It won't happen until July 5th, 1998.
Friends, on June 16th, the amino acids, the great amino acids, not heard this time in the background,
but very frequently heard in the background on this show.
The amino acids have a CD release and gut blowout party at the Magic Stick in Detroit, Michigan.
To release their new CD, humanity will fall like pins.
Um, so.
Oh, and also playing there will be Easy Action, Fun Ender, and Stylex.
Stylex is a really cool, devoluted sort of a band.
And the amino acids promise their most elaborate staging plans.
Friends, for our listeners in Detroit and around Michigan, that's June 16th at the Magic Stick.
And most importantly of all, friends, X Day 10 is coming.
What you might call X Day X.
Date certain.
July 4th through 5th.
I mean 8th.
Well, actually, on the 5th, the world ends.
And the party continues for subgeniuses aboard the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
And this is, friends, the, the subgenius world destruction event.
It happens at Brushwood Campground in Sherman, New York, July 4th through 8th weekend.
And it's, friends, X Day.
Oh, the prank.
Even if it's just a...
A drill.
It's like Gitmo, but in reverse, as Reverend Carter LeBlanc said.
Or as Reverend Just John said, nothing exceeds like exorcists.
And this X Day will feature the bands, the amino acids, Bonobo's Convergence.
There will be a fake UFO evidence hoax contest.
In other words, you know, bring your fake UFOs and take pictures of them or movies or...
Whatever.
And create your...
The best one will be submitted to all the UFO, you know, studying outlets and so forth.
And TV stations.
And we'll prove that the UFOs at least came, if not the exes.
There will be a subgenius wedding and costume ball.
Actually, it's an Owl My Costume ball.
There will be Dr. Dark's drive-in of bad films.
Dr. Howell will almost certainly be there.
Dr. Philo Drummond and his beautiful, insane new wife, Chaos McBobcat, will be there.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Mondo Retardo Band with Princess Wee.
Yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
I just got our first pre-registration from Reverend Eggplant.
So all of the eggplants will be there.
Scientology Horror Tales Roundtable Discussion.
Scrapple Toss Pancake Orgy Liquid Frop Tasting.
And ever so much more, friends.
And at the same campground...
If the world...
You know, if, if, if.
It's all a bunch of big iffy ifs.
Anyway, on July 24th through 29th, Starwood happens.
And Starwood is a huge...
Well, it's actually the largest neo-pagan and multi-weirdo event in the Northeast.
And that happens at Brushwood Campground, Sherman, New York, July 24th through 29th.
It includes a subgenius devival and much, much more.
You can read reports on Starwood at...
And you can read a photo novella about last year's X-Day drill at subgenius.com.
Just look for the events section.
And finally, late in the summer, August 17th and 18th, near Syracuse, New York, Burning Star.
Which is a festival inspired by Burning Man and Starwood.
August 17th through 18th, Burning Star.
A really insane festival.
I'll be showing a video barrage there and preaching for two nights.
And there'll be a lot of bands and a lot of pyrotechnics.
And it's like...
It's where the burners go in between burnings.
So, see if you want to know more about any of these things.
Check out www.subgenius.com.
Shalikandala Devasoya.
I'm not bring your Cuco Esto Trans unas.
Subgenius Beach Party.
Watch what I consume.

Subgenius Beach Party.
Subgenius Beach Party.
Subお疾すごいヤサオです。
You pay with yourçoみか яс reflected in some pæč???
Subgenius Beach Party teleportation.
How you were willkommen to broadcast this.
Subgenius Beach Party teleportation YouTube.
You ask whether or not I believe in leprechauns.
To answer this question, let me ask of you.
What?
Leprechauns?
Yeah, little leprechauns.
Even worse, and this is going to stretch it for a lot of folks,
so vampire leprechauns.
Ouch.
The feast of the vampire leprechauns.
I'm okay.
Oh, all right, sure.
You haven't seen any, like, little guys creeping around with green suits on or anything?
No, and I'm not going to see them until the end of the world, Hal, and you know when that is.
July 5th, 1998.
Which will come again this year.
Like a strong right arm with six feet.
Three and two testicles, and a giant substance known variously as the dew.
Testify, my brother, testify.
The oil of great goodness, and other terms,
ran down the other parts of this object to be stored in the testicles.
By Texaco.
Technically.
Energy for America's...
Why was it considered so important?
Ouch.
That's hot.
Yeah, that's that band that Stang was talking about that burns the first six rows.
And you get it.
The first two rows are actually blinded, and the rest of the rows get sunburned from the hotness of the band.
Conoco, the most trusted name in petroleum.
Sinclair Dinosaur Energy.
Sinclair Dinosaur Energy.
Sink, sink, sink, sink!
Sink, sink, sink, sink!
Sink, sink, sink, sink!
Sink, sink, sink.
Once I had a dot com, it big cash.
It big cash all the time.
Once I had a dot com, now it's gone.
Buddy, can you paradigm?
Sink, sink, sink, sink!
Sink, sink, sink, sink!

Once I had a beaver, it went fast. I did what I wanted to.
Once I had a beaver, now it's gone. Buddy, can you paradigm?
Paradigm. Once I thought that I was one of the few that was meant to lord over you.
God ordained to rule for the rest of my life and all of my children's too.
Once I had a dog.
It made cash. It made cash all the time.
Once I had a dot com, now it's gone. Buddy, can you paradigm?
It made cash all the time.
Free form. Free. Free. Informative form. Free. Ruin your life.
Uh...
Yes. That's what happened.
In Dallas that day.
Rocked on the...
1960.
Don't forget that thing.
3 November 22nd.
On the 33rd parallel, one of the major requirements for the working of the Masonic Order took place.
The sacrifice of the Divine King.
Our Divine King.
John F. Kennedy.
John F. Spatuti.
And he made little Dallas famous for everything.
Because you go down there and the shack's gone, the sign's gone off the top.
And my favorite part is he actually did a little dissolve from 1963 to about, what was it, 19... when was Couch Stock?
I think that's when it...
2002?
Oh, no, no, no. We did it in 1990.
2002 was Couch Stock.
Yeah, it was Couch Stock. Right. We didn't have enough time.





I went down there, actually. You guys went to lunch or something. That was fun.
Out to lunch.
Just how much gristle will you take?
At House O'Grizzle.
Oh, it's so wonderful. When it's all set up and functioning, it makes you proud to be an American.
The show?
Yes, just so.
See?
Yeah, the crowd's just crazy, but I wonder whether it'll be sustained.
This is the... I'm watching the tape with Ask Dr. Howell show this week.
Okay, I see we have another caller. Maybe we had better go to the lines again.
Remember, folks, if you want to know more about the Subgenius Foundation,
if you want to learn things that we inadvertently forgot to tell you over the air,
you can call us again.
We'll definitely get an earful. Okay, we're going back to the phones.
You're on the air with Mr. Opinion on KFJZ.
Yeah, I was... I had a comment for these guys, you know, talking about slack.
Yes.
Mm-hmm.
I was going to give them a little advice, you know, how to obtain a little bit more slack, you know.
Great. We'd appreciate hearing that.
Currently, any one of those guys buying a car?
Funny you should mention that. We're both, since we make so much money on this,
we both bought... have bought new cars in the last month.
Yeah.
That's right.
Uh-huh.
Well, I was going to give you a little advice on how to obtain a little bit more slack.
See, all you got to do is, like, miss a couple of payments and better... better give you a little bit more slack, you know.
It'd put you on your feet, wouldn't it?
Right.
Yeah, subgeniuses are procrastinators.
Uh-huh.
I think you've got the right idea. Creative procrastination, especially on Bill Payne.
This man sounds like he might be a subgenius. Do you think he is?
I am picking up strong subgenius vibes here. Sure.
Well, I just wanted to give you that little, you know, a little advice there.
Okay, hang on, and we'll see if we can't figure out what you used to be in a previous lifetime.
Oh, that's okay. I just wanted to just give you that little advice.
Hey, you robbed a bank in Del Rio in 19, uh, 1901 or something like that.
Oh, is that right?
Yeah, you were in a different country then.
Okay.
That's wild.
Okay, well, thanks a lot for calling.
Okay. Bye-bye.
Good night.
Okay, folks, if you want to know more about the Church of the Subgenius, just give us a call.
Uh, one of the things that, uh, I was particularly intrigued about...
...was, uh, the fact that you call yourself Reverend Stang.
Uh, are you indeed really a reverend?
I am a, legally a reverend.
I am ordained by three different churches.
Uh, didn't cost me much to do it.
Um, the Universal Life Church and the American Fellowship Church, and another one, I can't even remember their name.
There's a bunch of others.
We'll ordain you as a minister for, like, a couple of bucks.
I'll send you a little card that says you are one, and you are.
Uh, and then for ten or fifteen years...
...and then for fifteen more, you can get a charter through these people's, uh, various churches...
...and become a church and get tax-exempt status, where you don't have to pay taxes on the land you buy for the church and that kind of thing.
Uh...
The IRS can't touch you.
Right. But in that respect, I am, I'm a reverend through those guys, but I'm not chartered, you know, with them.
Well, I know, I know folks that this is hard to believe, but, uh, they gave me a card when they got here...
...and it says that I am the, uh, Right Reverend Mr. Opinion in the First Church of Opinionation...
...and it's Right Reverend Mr. Opinion.
...and it's Right Reverend, uh, as opposed to Left Reverend, because they knew of my political persuasion.
We, we agree, your political...
Wholeheartedly.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
We're patriots.
Oh, Dobstown, brave Dobstown, you gleam from afar on high.
You're shaped like a grape or a hot French crepe that rests on a wet dog's thigh.
With your jungle heat and your bogs of heat...
...the mosquitoes hum your praises.
They would have sung, but their memory's hung on the middle stanza's phrases.
Chop, chop, chop, we forge our future.
Mine them razor grass or you'll need some sutures.
We'll huck away to the glorious day that you embrace us with your suffocating vines.
The witcher's defense will.
We know that still.
One day we'll prevail, cross the Dale and yield.
Oh, Dobstown, a madman's dreams some say.
But we must close our ears to the normal's jeers and press until the sun is up to our bids.
March.
March.
March, Leader Gordon commands.
And march we will if we have to feel around in your inky black pants.
We'll dance with our hands for Dobstown.
We're entitled to you.
Uh, yes dear friends, that was Artemia Salinas' new subgenius hymn that you can sing along with,
Oh Dobstown.
And in the background we're hearing the new Amino Acids album.
Uh, humanity will fall like pins.
Uh, June 12th they have a CD.
CD party in Detroit I believe.
Uh, theaminoacids.com.
This is Hour of Slack, the voice of the Church of the Subgenius.
And you can learn more at subgenius.com.
Or post office box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And now, G. Gordon Gordon and Doctors for Extreme Prejudice.
We'll tell you the greatest story ever told.
The story of the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
So let us go back in time 20 years.
Into a world where gigantic fish are commonplace.
And man is the smallest living thing.
There is no sign of Wellman.
Uh, we're just laying low right here and hoping that, uh, we can, uh,
get in touch with you just as soon as ever that particular part of the psychic, uh, spectrum clears.
Uh, the head is in a completely inert lead isotope, uh, safe.
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer rose slowly above the trap between the third and fourth greens.
Down at Onion Creek Country Club and Golf Course.
Thumping slowly like a over enlarged fig.
The bleeding head slowly rose at a gentle angle above the green dripping blood.
It hovered briefly over the sand trap.
And then slowly ascended towards the constellation of Orion at an angle of about 44.325 degrees.
Like a shark.

Shot off a shovel.
There was no doubt that it was the head of Arnold Palmer.
That moon faced smile was unforgettable.
The population, the population of Southeast Austin went wild.
They tore off their clothes.
Danced in the streets and said,
The bloody head has come.
The time is here.
Take off your clothes and be somebody.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer.
Was above such things.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer rose gently.
Buffeting itself slightly as it passed among some ancient pecan trees.
And slowly, still ever moving upwards.
It wobbled slightly.
Spraying a small osando of blood, so to speak.
On the people below it.
Healing two old ladies.
And giving an old man a substantial gland rebuild.
And there it was.
The bloody head was still there.






At 14 minutes after nine,
The bleeding head was sighted on the forward control radar access plant at Tarkstrom Air Force Base.
Three interceptors were scrambled,
one of which crashed on takeoff.
They could find nothing.
The radar was still tracking the head.
The bloody head moved forward.
North rocketed over Dallas and Fort Worth. The radar at Caswell Air Force Base gave subsequent
indications that something large and wet was moving north-northeast while ascending still
upwards towards the constellation of Orion. The bloody head moved on. Fourteen ex-virgins
were rejuvenated in Lubbock as the head passed through.
The air began to thicken over Dalhart. The head was at this time at 45,000 feet, still
climbing, still glowing. Fifteen Department of Public Safety highway patrolmen had pulled
over to the side of the road and given themselves breathalyzer tests, having seen the head.
Fourteen born-again ministers fell down the hill.
Fourteen men were down on the floor and said,
Jesus was coming again. But it was just the bloody head of Arnold Palmer, the golfer that
died for your sins. By the time it crossed into the time warp of southeastern Oklahoma,
the bloody head of Arnold Palmer had achieved plasma fusion state and was only slightly
less brilliant than the full-blown head of Arnold Palmer.


phants quaaufen as news of the
man's little nunn-day Sun, if a great deal smaller.
The University of Oklahoma called Carl Sagan, but he was too busy making a television appearance
to simpler.
commentaires tab
Augustontacion.com.
of a launching of a head at that particular time.
But somehow or other, the head of Arnold Palmer had been launched.
The head of Arnold Palmer was now at 145,000 feet
and approaching southeast Arkansas.
The people in Little Rock,
the people in Little Rock,
the people in Little Rock burned their houses,
danced around naked in the mud,
saying the time has come.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer
rose serene, ignoring, ignoring
the madness below.
By the time they hit southern Illinois,
there were 145 aircraft
trying to find out what the hell was really going on.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer appeared to be missile-proof.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer appeared to be bullet-proof.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer appeared to be rocket-proof.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer appeared to be 100-proof.
This is a very, very, very important time.
Just a matter of seconds.
There were mass conversions in Indianapolis and Minnesota.
The Canadians were really upset.
They said they hadn't signed an international accord
to do with the leading launched heads of World Cup golfers
and said they didn't even know about it.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer moved over the pole.
A little over 20 miles in altitude,
it had swelled up to 15 times its normal size.
The people all over the northern hemisphere can see it now.
A bland, smiling, brilliant white face,
slightly bigger than one half the size of a full moon.
disgruntled.
And that's where it still is to this day.
It has the thing scared the soaps.




slightly above the pole,
beaming its beneficial rays
down on the entire northern hemisphere,
but particularly down on the state of Pennsylvania,
which is understandable.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer
hangs above us all.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer
has come to redeem us.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer
is the only thing that matters.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer
is all that we can comprehend.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer
is all we need.
All we have to do is believe
in the martyrdom of a world cup-class golfer
and his subsequent immolation.
It's not difficult.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer
is something that we all should believe in.
And he said you can just finish this thing up right now.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶








¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
The cow's reaction sounded pretty great
And so
