Don't be half-saved, don't be half-saved, don't be half-saved.
We are sneaking
In the county jail
Looking under the door
To see if the man is there
Sneaking like little children out of town
Sneaking
Sneaking all around the courthouse
Sneaking
Sneaking everywhere
Everything is sneaky up around
Sneakyville
Everything you have to do to get to the truth
Has to be sneaky
It seems a shame to have to sneak to get to the truth
To make the truth such an evil dirty old nasty thing
You gotta sneak to get to the truth
The truth is coming down
The truth is in the gas chamber
The truth has been in your stockyards
Your stockyards
Your slaughterhouses
The truth has been in your reservations
Building your railroads
Emptying your garbage
The truth has been in your ghettos
In your jails
In your young love
Not in your courts or your congress
Where the old set judgment on the young
What the hell did the old know about the young?
You put a picture of old George on the dollar table

And tell her that he's your father worshiping
Look at the madness that goes on
You can't prove anything
That happened yesterday
Now is the only thing that's real
You can try to prove that Columbus sailed on an ocean
But it's not the same ocean
It's a different ocean
Hey and it's a whole new world
For you
And whatever kind of life you got sprinkled in the field of planets
You know
And how the only answer is yes
To everything
Hey it's a small thing
But it exists
And so the answer is yes
You know like it's in positive
You want the prize, tomato?
It's only really a reflection of your heart
Like a blade of grass is on a big wide hill
Hey, hey tell me, what's the answer?
You know, I'm a Nixon man
And say my God
I'm a part of mankind
For you
And whatever kind of life you got planted in the field of planets
The field of planets
That's Charles Manson
Listeners
I heard that
I heard you hearing that
Well this is your fill-in host
The Will of Dobbs
But not just me tonight
There's yet another
I'm gonna bring his mic up
I'll let him introduce himself to you
You're on
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack
I'm Reverend Sterno
Fresh into town
From Little Rock, Arkansas
Sitting in for Reverend Ivan Stang
Who is even now as we're speaking
Undergoing the horribly mutilating
Disfiguring and terribly painful processes
Known in the Subgenius lexicon as
Accubating and Glanscaping
He's in Dobbstown, Malaysia right now
Which is why we're doing his show this evening
His third nostril unfortunately healed up
He had a bad soul-piercing children and we've got to get him back

We've since sacked that particular legion of slacklicites
Who somehow faked their way into Dobbstown
The blessed environs of that slackful
Wonderful retirement paradise
For all subgeniuses
And so think good thoughts for Reverend Stang
As we attempt to further our endeavors
Smashing the conspiracy as we trailblaze our way through
The belly of the beast
Yeah the belly of the beast
I kind of wanted to
Ah someone else is here too
We'll put a tape on and perhaps
Perhaps it could be a surprise guest
Do we dare
Well let's wait and make sure that it's not him and some
Did Bob say he was coming up
Is that a mental eye stench I feel
Wafting up the stairs
Around the corners
Raising our hairs on in
Could it be
We're going to put a
Alien flesh
Ah I'm ready for it
Well friends this is worth waiting for
If this is who we think it is
So we're going to go back into the world of tape
For just a brief second and go
Stay tuned
Do stay tuned
That's an order
You heard him
Sterno talking to ya
So let's see where we are here
With a tissue
They'll have sex with you
From behind
They'll fill every part of your body
With oysters
Biscuits please
They will not clean you out
They will not clean you out
No they won't
No they won't
No they won't clean you
But they will read you
Sure sign of social consciousness
I guess a lot of things start smelling better when a guy grows up
You're free to stay in that place huh
You betray the ocean
The ocean
The ocean
The ocean
So our bodies crawl with terror
The light sun be human
On your feet
On your feet
On your feet
On your feet

Pray for you
And they say no I'd rather you wouldn't
I'd rather you wouldn't
I just
My mother prays for me all the time
That's alright
But don't ask him that
Just reach out
Get hold of his hand
Say I'm gonna have prayer
God bless you Mr. Jones
And bow your head
And have your heads bowed
Same way with you ladies
Then you pray for him
I want to have prayer for you Mr. Jones
Bow your head
Dear Lord I thank you
For this man that wants to go to heaven
Takes a real new man
That wants to go to heaven
Alright ladies
Thank God for you
Lord I'm so glad
Now I pray you'll reveal to them
The sweetness and the glorious of heaven
That heaven is sweet and warm
And that you'll take those hearts
And hold them in your arms
Yes in the heart of the unimposing
Metro puke
That is Dallas, Texas
There lies the key to your salvation
Yes people
RRR
A panacea looms not
Within the environs of my innermost bob self
Yea, tis fallacious fancy
To assume unrighteous asylum
Lurks beside the piteous
And frightfully insignificant
Deeds of an unbeliever
Your salvation lies not towards
Far-reaching unattainable ather tomes
Or childish and Santa tales
No
But with and by the lacerated logic
Of J.R. Bob Dobbs
Try to find a comfortable place
Oh
If I don't enjoy it
I don't want you to enjoy it either
Every time I reach this point I get
Well I don't know I get
All choked up
Now I can't help it
Make her front look

You shocked in what you can wait
For Ken Abraham
Oyaya'yaya
Oyaya'yaya
Speaking a foreign language.
Well, we'll just talk with Dr. Philo Ulysses Drummond for just a minute.
Dr. Drummond, what brings you to...
Oh, Reverend Stang is on the phone.
I'll be jiggered.
He's really in the back room.
You got him tied up back there, right?
Don't you have him...
Stang is really under wraps, I think, isn't he?
Yeah.
What about Spam?
I wish we could put him on the phone.
Is that Reverend Stans?
Spam.
Spam.

They're Spams.
Can you put him on the line?
Can we bring in Reverend Stans?
No.
No, we don't know how to do that anymore.
But I'm sure we can...
What were we talking about?
Talking about Spams?
Spams.
We were talking about Spams.
Well, the other day...
And this is a sad story, children.
You're Stans?
A little girl walked up to me.
I don't believe you.
Said, Reverend Sterno,
in my school, they teach us all about
dope and Jesus and communism,
but they haven't said anything about Bob Dobbs.
Children, that's a serious indictment against this nation.
That's just further evidence that it's a sick and perverse world.
I felt so sorry for that little girl.
She's trying to claw her way blindly
through the festering masses of normalcy.
She's trying to do it without Dobbs.
It just makes me sick.
I just can't believe it.
What?
Wait, try that again.
Me too.
But seriously, the primary difference between the subgenius race and the human race, of course,
as almost everyone knows, is the fact that we are the only ones with the right to do what we want.



We're the only ones with the intellectual capacity to realize that we're living in a world without slack.
We're living in a world without Bob.
We're living in a world sorely beset by demons of its own creation.
And blessed, yea blessed, are those few yetison-blooded subgeniuses
who realize and recognize
and can stand for the truth.
and can stand for the truth.
They stand full front saluting the truth.
The fact that there are only two.
Gotta go, Mom's here.
The fact that there are only two who really know.
Bob and Oboe.
Anti-Bob.
Oboe's a liar.
Oboe's a deceiver.
Oboe will lie and deceive.
I think you're just spouting off the top of your head.
Oboe will use your lime jello
for a sexual partner.
Oboe will open a can of Spam in your living room
and submerge his various and sundry prehensile members
deep within the throbbing gristle of that
grunt.
And it spews off the top, kinda skittering along across the top of the water like a
like skipping a rock.
Wearing not a poop dog hat.
He didn't wear the poop dog hat.
Now you're talking about something I can identify with.
Fecal canine headgear.
Available now at the Church of the Subgenius.
1995, Post Office Box 14306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Buy two this week, a special two for one.
And get a free Bleeding Head of Arnold Palmer Disco Soccer Kit.
Available only from the Church of the Subgenius.
And every penny goes for the resurrection of Bob himself.
In Dobstown.
Thank y'all.
It is hard.
It's a task that we've set ourselves to.
But we don't know how long it'll take.
It could be a year.
It could be 20 years.
It could be 30 minutes.
It could be five seconds.
It could be five seconds.
It could be a billion years.
It could be a nanosecond.
It could be three megaeons.
We might have to go back to the beginning of time to get enough time.
Or even before.
Or even before.
And you may scoff.
To get enough time it'll take to do it.
And you may scoff.
But it's a job that we've shouldered.
And we'll take.
But you won't be scoffing for long.
You won't be sorry.
You've only got about six years of scoffing left you.
You pink boys.
You butt-lipped pinks.
Maybe not even a full six years.
Maybe only like five and a half years.
You'll be a five and three quarter.
You'll be lucky.
Your time's running out right now.
You'll be lucky.
It's getting short.
If you don't get that checkbook out.
Look at your watch.
What time's your watch saved?
And send $20 to the Church of the Subgenius.
Mark your time now.
$20 for salvation.
Mark your time.
That's all it costs children.
Because your scoffers won't be scoffing.
Too much longer.
And we're the only church that guarantees salvation or triple your money back.
Yeah, your scoffers might want to scoff.
That's $20 in my pocket.
You'll be walking around in hell with $60.
You don't even know what scoff means.
And we'll be laughing.
You don't even look at scoff.
We'll be laughing at you.
Just get your dictionary out right now and look up the word scoff.
Can you say dictionary on the...
If you can even spell it.
Can you say dictionary on the...
Anything.
The kind with the spelled C.
Can you say get your dictionary out.
Get your dictionary out.
If you know what we mean.
And put it on the radio right now.
And look up the word scoff.
If you know how to spell it.
Or just whip your dictionary out and write scoff on it if it's not there.
Probably.
Put it right on the radio.
Or whatever appended member might be ailing you children.
And Philo and Sterno and Willa Dobbs will heal it through the power of transmutated
chain link subgenius public radio.
Is that Stan's again?
Spams is calling us again.
Yeah, you know, unbeknownst to our listeners now that I know that I'm safely off the air,
we've got Stan in the back room tied up.
He's back there.
We've got him hog tied like the hog that he is.
He's tied up with the members of the California subgeniuses.
Yeah, him and those pinky winky boys.
Of course just to tie Stan's...
Just to tie his hands up we had to...
Woke up hard.
We had to de-member about 35 California subgeniuses.
No, they don't like that get up with the diamond hard blue vayner word of Bob.
They won't go for it.
No way.
They're afraid of the squirting Bob.
Back to the pamphlet word of Bob.
They're afraid of the squirting universe.
That's why we're heading to Panama.
They're a bunch of oozing sissies is what they are.
They're just tied up right now.
They don't even know where they're coming from.
Tell you the truth, they probably like being tied up together like this.
They probably...
They're probably watching their own heads back there.
You can't hear them crying like we could a little while ago.
They're just crying like babies.
They're little cranky golfers.
Just like little puppy dogs back there just crying.
They're little cranky golfers.
Just crying like puppy dogs.
But I'll tell you, it's only about six more years of scoffing in your pockets, pink boy,
if you don't send $20 to the Church of the Subgenius.
Ska, S-K-O-F.
There you go.
When the exes land July 5th, 1998, as it was so ordained in the pre-scriptures,
if your name is not in the book of Gabrogfran, you gon' fry.
That's second ecclesiastiches.
That's bleeding head Colossians 4, 1398.
For lo, the veil of Moab was lifted.
In the valley of Moab.
In the 80 million lambs of Moab and the 80 million tribes of Moab.
The Moabites themselves.
Who bit that Moab?
Get that Moab out of your mouth, boy.
We got some lambs to slaughter here.
First you whip your dictionary out and then you put your Moab in your mouth.
Put your Moab on it.
Come on.
And then you put those lambs on the altar and you just slit them a little bit right there underneath the throat.
Just kind of nick them.
Just nick them.
Just stick them in the licking.
Just a little bit of nicking comes out.
Yee-haw.
And then you put that in that gla-cene.
The blood.
The blood.
But it's the blood that cleanses.
It's the blood that makes things right.
It's the blood that provides the ultimate salvation to which you have attached yourself all these years.
It's the blood that we make that special antidote for the, you know, those bats that get on your face.
You know what they do to your face.
Special bats.
Just put your dictionary away now, children, and we'll tell you about the bats.
That book is kind of heavy.
It's a heavy book.
The frontal cerebral fornicating bats.
Those ones that attach themselves to your face.
And the ejaculate.
The ejaculate.
But we won't talk about them.
No.
No, we can't.
We can't.
We can't talk about them.
We can't get too specific about what those bats do.
You may as well just stick your finger in a light socket.
You might as well.

But the Church of the Subgenius is the only way, provides the only proscribed and tested by time instructions for de-beaking the prairie squid, which is all the practices.
That you'll need, children.
Yeah, I talked to my...
In order not to get...
My step-neighbor-in-law...
By those bats.
Porky was telling me that story one time about Moab.
And he was...
He was...
Well, I hate to say this, but Porky didn't say no.
He forgot to say no.
So he was not in the state of mind he might have been.
And he hadn't launched ahead in years.
He hadn't launched ahead in oh Lord knows how long.
He'd never been in a doctor band.
Yeah, he'd never realized the glories of doctor music and basked accordingly.
He'd never...
His own...
Ever.
Boy, Willa Dobbs was quick on that...
Oh, sorry.
...button there.
I knew who was coming down tonight.
Well, yeah, Porky and me, we used to go downtown together in a pickup truck with Jones.
Jones was in the back then.
He hadn't learned how to drive yet.
He was in the back.
That Pobucker.
That Pobucker.
Is he still there?
What up, Pobucker?
That Jones was such a Pobucker.
I'll tell you what, he was wearing them Johnson overalls.
He was wearing Johnson overalls the other day when I seen him and he whipped a Trevino head right out of his pocket.
Launched it there in the middle of the street.
I couldn't believe it.
Right next to his dictionary.
Right.
It was on his dictionary right next door to the pump and stump and he just didn't know what to do with it at all.
He thought it was a Palmer head.
He thought that he had the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
With a D-Beak Prairie Squid extruding from the stump, soiling his britches.
Soiling them.
It just made me.
Hoo boy, he stunk like he was bleeding.
I shook my head and walked away.
That's what I thought about it.
I just pinched my nose and hoo boy.
I went directly the other way.

When I see somebody.
When I see something like that I always go hoo boy.
When I see a Pobucker launching a Trevino head next to the pump and stump in the middle of the street.
Now while you're over there in the estes looking at the street.
Looking up scoff.
Just whip back over to the W's and look up hoo boy.
It's from the middle French.
Hoo bus boy-us.
It's derived actually from the Gaelic.
The pre-Gaelic.
You have to go back before.
Long, long time before the original muh muh.
And then eventually it evolved down into the hoo boy that we know today.
It's amazing the way those linguistic twists and diversions and tangents.
The way they take off like that.
You gotta go back a long time.
There are no original origins.
Lemurian, Murian or Atlantean.
Yeah.
No connections whatsoever.
The mutex wouldn't imply that words would progress in such an unorderly fashion.
Mashed fashion mashing.
Kind of mashed up in a fashion sort of.
He was really mashed up.
It was a fashionable mashing though.
And it was a splendid buggery that they endured.
I believe the buggery took place in the conservatory.
Or was it the laboratory?
It was an extraordinary buggery.
The way they took place back there in the lavatory?
It wasn't in the lavatory.
I thought it was in the conservatory.
But that buggery was the most extraordinary buggery I'd ever experienced.
They scoffed.
Oh they scoffed.
It was it.
Hoo boy, little did they know.
I believe it was in the aviary.
I've got pictures.
I've got pictures of that.
It was a conspiratorial buggery.
Which was brought about by lack of faith in Bob Children.
And there's a motto somewhere around here.
There's a parable involved.
Ah, the E section of the voluminous K-N-O-N library.
There's one volume there.
No, that's the F section.
The E area?
But you were saying.
Focus on the E.
Focus on the E.
The maid's going to be here in about ten minutes.
And she isn't going to like this mess.
I'll tell you.
You need to.
What's the deal here?
How come this stuff is out here?
I mean, everything's kind of messed up.
But follow that little girl.
She didn't know anything about Bob.
She was begging me to tell her about Bob.
She paid me $20 for one word of Bob.
She gave me her.
I gave her.
I sold her about a dictionary for it.
She gave me my first dictionary.
She was only 13 and I was 83.
Yeah, I remember that.
That's time control.
Yeah, yeah.
Back when we went back early, way back in time.
We were back there a couple of, just a couple of amoebas flipping our flagellas around.
And next thing you know, we was progressing through time.
Well, she ended up in a freezer bag.
If I recall my course of events correctly, I believe that it was dinner time in Dobbs Town.
Yep, dinner time.
Wasn't it?
Or maybe supper time.
I don't know.
It was supper time in Dobbs Town.
Dinner, supper.
And she'd suffer a serious freezer burn.
And it was all because of her lack of faith in Bob.
She wouldn't put her soul in Bob's hands.
She couldn't bring herself to face the facts.
Then after lunch we have lupper, which is kind of like a brunch between dinner and, I mean, supper and lunch.
She had problems.
And then you have sinner.
With a bit of the subgenius dogma.
She had problems with slurs.
And sinner is not the sinner you would think of.
It's actually a meal that we have between dinner and supper.
Sinner on rye.
Supper.
Sinner on rye.
And then we have pupper at night.
Late at night we have puffer.
And then we sin.
Then we just sin.
We just sit there and sin.
That's all we do.
We don't even have to do anything to sin.
For the church of the subgenius.
We think sin.
In our mind.
Doesn't want to eradicate sin.
But not because we want to.
It's not because we want to.
The church of the subgenius.
Because we have to bear that sinful burden of mankind.
Justifies sin.
Of the normals.
The pinks.
You know, they're sinning all the time.
And it's their sins that we kind of ride on like the luck plane.
Like a wave in the luck plane.
Like riding like cosmic surfers.
You know.
What do you think about them?
What do you think about them?
Wimped subgeniuses on the coast that were upset by peeping out through the slats of the pro-struggling.
Protruding blue-veined throbbers in the new stark filth of removal.
What do you think about that, Philo?
What about them subgeniuses out there on the west coast?
They just couldn't deal with the new stark filth of removal.
I mean, what have they got against it?
What have they got against it?
What have they got against those things sticking out everywhere?
They just think it's...
Nasty?
They think it's like...
They think it's like...
Juvenile.
Juvenile.
Something you would do if you were a sophomore.
It's a manly thing.
Sophomore.
Isn't that like if you're a sophomore.
You do that kind of stuff.
It's plenty of sophomores.
Plenty of sophomores.
I know.
Always do that.
It's very studly.
It's very studly and southern.
Yeah, here's this letter I was talking about.
A letter.
Drummunt.
Whichever one of you has the best British accent should read that one.
We just got this in the mail this week, and I think it's interesting.
You have to sort of self-censor yourself there a couple of times.
Let's see.
Your stuff used to be clever, modern, and a very, very good one.



funny intelligent the latest church magazine is none of these you can't make
any excuses for the rape fixated fantasies I can't even read this guy's
writing you really try to pass off as a celebration of sexuality that's so human
that's so human as much as I've enjoyed the subgenius stuff over the years I
don't want to receive any more of your and your and your contributors grow out
of this adolescent until you and your contributors grow out of this adolescent
arrested sexuality beep you've lost it see ya Chris a time
ah Chris let's just let's just let it die
let's just die so I want to say you're all missing we didn't put out by word
that's right that was a that was a blatant attempt of the citizens
movement to stop the rape of the state of California and the state of California
for normalcy or some other underground organization to discredit the Church of
the subgenius with by publishing that fell that horrible horrid filth and we
the subgenius with by publishing that fell that horrible horrid filth and we
will take no credit for whatsoever although if we did we would be gladly
gladly aligned with it we would support it to the fullest degree but uh
unfortunately I can't take credit neither can would Reverend staying if he
was here it's just a it's an unfortunate thing that they did such a good job of
it's an unfortunate thing that they did such a good job of
it's an unfortunate thing that they did such a good job of
imitating our style, but I have to admit now, before we take any more unnecessary heat,
although we were trying to pick up the profits as well as we could, which is, you would normally
expect that from us, but I have to admit right now, we had nothing, nothing whatsoever to do
with that horrible, filthy, stark filth of removal that you may have received after our
mailing list was stolen from us. That's right, it was stolen. So, first of all, let's just dissect
this letter. He starts out, dear subgenia. Now, we could dismiss him immediately. What gives him
the familiarity to call us dear? How dare he? Okay, dear subgenia. He doesn't know me well enough to say
dear. If we had been in a little bit worse mood, we would have abandoned this immediately.
That's sad.
Okay, you're a shot. It looks like shot. He says you're not stuff. How can you call the primary
excommunication with the X's and the word of Bob stuff stuff that just relegates it to some type
of mundane fecal tissue? Okay, and then he says you're stuck. I'd be quite used to be now masters
of time control. Don't even we don't even need the used to be. What is this used to be?
Masters of time control.
Have no need for such for such narrow, narrowly confining form of time used to be used to be clever,
funny and intelligent. Never been clever, funny or intelligent. There's no such thing as claim to be
clever. It's subgenius. We're not geniuses. Clever. I mean, if you take the C off, it's lever.
And what is lever but just a simple machine? And we're like CLEV off and it's just ER.
This is simpleton.
Take all of that.
We have nothing more complex than the C.
It's basically one of a basic wheel, inclined plane and lever. That's the most complex we get in our in
anything we may even consider. So calling us clever or funny or intelligent. It's just it's just an
insult.
Okay, and then look at this word here. The he starts the second letter with the word three letter
word.
Okay, the latest v.
The latest Church Magazine.
how does he know it's the latest church magazine the one we put out this
afternoon did he get the one that we're working on right now the one that we're
gonna do next week the latest church magazine I just can't never is none of
these all of them it's only three or four at the same time it's a dozen of
them as we sit here and 11 of them in the morning what's unless one of them
gets wet but it's nice to swell up we put it in that box about what's I mean
it does that open box does he have an open cast does he have the Ark of the
Bleeding Head of Arnold put it in what's he gonna do it starts I just can't
believe this none of these okay another three-letter word you can't make any
excuses
every excuse our church is an excuse for slack full abbreviation friends if
these rape fixated fantasies you well he's right there I mean I've given that
one as you pass off but of course we didn't publish it we even claim credit
for rape fixation okay well he really passed me off with this last one here
just passes pass off to a celebration of sexuality celebrating sexuality
sexuality
in 1992 that's so 13 years old running sexuality in 1960 much as I have it well
who is he much and he's enjoyed the subgenius guff oh the gun enjoys the
gossip geniuses rhymes with stuff he's one of those latent subgenius Bobby
masochist he's a limey he's a bloody limey

you know what that means
I don't want to receive any more over the years
more when your
آد 때문에
뭐가
یا
Maybe to, you know, we perform some police brutality from time to time for the fun of it.
I don't even understand the concept of growing out of wanting to sexually arrest adolescents.
How can you grow sexually arresting adolescents? How could you grow that way?
How could he possibly even realize that we can't grow adolescents that have been sexually arrested?
We don't have the firmament. Not for lack of trying.
I mean, the fertilizer has to be shipped from Dobstown itself at great expense.
We can't grow arrested sexualities. We're Stans.
You missed that. You came in late, Dr. Drummond.
Yeah, Stans was already here. Let's not give this guy enough attention.
I think so. He's had more attention than he deserves.
We'll be sure and send him a tape of this particular episode.
The next dollar that you burn, just subsume that particular limit.
Right in the healing flames.
I'd like to point out, Pope Sterling, you were mentioning earlier as far as rape fixation in that issue of the magazine.
I believe you pointed out quite properly that the only raping in that entire issue...
The only people that get raped in that entire issue are humans. So what's the big deal?
It's just humans. It's not like having your way with a bowl of lime jello.
But just don't forget that we didn't have anything to do with that publication.
Right.
The whole...
The fact that we're defending it is just purely academic.
It's all moot.
It's a moot point.
That's right.
Just academicians.
It's kind of like verbal masturbation. It's a lot like verbal masturbation.
It's freedom of spout. And we have a basic freedom to spout in the United States as we have a basic freedom to squirt or ooze.
You can look it up.
A woman can make a choice.
Look it up.
And subgeniuses can spout.
Get your dictionary out. Turn to the O's. Look up ooze.
There you go.
Dr. Drummond is perusing the huge studio here at that...
It's unbelievable.
He's looking for frop is what he's doing.
It's unbelievable.
You won't find any here.
I know that look in his eyes anywhere.
Yeah. One time I found some frop here. It was underneath this film can right here.
Oh, well, they found it.
Another time I was looking right here underneath this CD cover.
Nope.
And now...
I shall return to my chair.
Ah. He's back in his chair now.
Oh, dear friends.
Ah.
Dr. Drummond.
Ah, yeah.
How was that ether frop, Dr. Drummond?
It was...
It was...
Did it...
Like the void of Moab.
Were you linked to the 80 million tribes of the blood of the Lamb of Moab?
Yes. I was spiritually and psychically linked. Through the...
Did you forthwith launch that especial head?
That espessilene. The head espessilene.
Was it coated with espessilene before you launched it?
It was coated with vaseline.
And you...
To give it that quick lift off.
Well, I don't know about you, but I use espessilene.
It's so richly deserved.
Should I... Should I answer this line?
Well, let Dr. Drummond answer the phone.
Go right ahead.
K... K-something.
We have another call. Hopefully they're calling to...
Will.
...apply for the three free eternal salvation certificates we have to offer you tonight.
Tonight only?
Here on KNON. Tonight only.
Or whatever station you're listening to.
Just call us here at KNON.
Or if you don't happen to be listening to KNON, if you happen to be watching television, it's KNON.
Instead of this, if you happen to be driving in your car and you don't have a radio, then please stop...
...of the, uh, Church of the Reb... of the, uh, Wretched Excess.
Does that have to do with... that doesn't have anything to do with retching, does it?
Good.
Could well.
I hate to retch.
If you've ever done it, it's really...
It's sort of like squirting upside down.
It's, uh, kind of Shakespearean wretched, he said.
I feel that way sometimes myself.
So, kind of wretched.
That's the hour of slack.
We listen to one side of the phone conversation.
I can understand why retching was derived.
You know retching was derived from wretched, right?
So anyway, the fourth caller will receive free, at no additional charge, the Bleeding Head of Arnold Palmer Disco Soccer Kit, the Certificate of Absolution from the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah, this, uh, this caller makes an excellent point, is that, uh, that redneck, jello-headed, limey... bleep!
Uh, I guess... can we say bastard?
Sure, we can say bastard.
Bastard on the phone.
Sure.
And, and he basically...
That redneck, low-liming, limey bastard.
Low-liming.
Low-liming, yeah, he's not even a full-blown limey.
And what did you say?
What was your excellent point?
He has no yettison DNA or RNA coursing to his system at all.
He doesn't have Hello Kitty in his heart.
Yeah.
I'm gonna cry.
I'm gonna cry right here on the air.
You're somebody who doesn't have Hello Kitty in his heart.
I, I, I, I, I, I don't know if I can go on.
Eyes are rolling up.
I don't know if I can go on.








Okay, that was an excellent point, though.
I'm gonna let you go now.
Thank you.
But thanks for your excellent point.
And, uh...
We have another caller.
Talk to you later.
Bye.
That's right, dear friend.
And, uh, Sterno will take this call.
Uh, unfortunately, we can't, uh, tap the phone callers in.
Most of them are so foul-mouthed that it would be against the law to have them tapped in,
so...
That's why we don't take our callers in anymore.
But, uh, some of them are, have some grain of humanity and...
Oh, they do.
Not humanity.
Not in the, not in the negative sense.
Only in the, in the philosophical sense.
Yes.
And, uh, we, we wouldn't like to imply that any of our listeners were human.
Nor should it be inferred.
That's right.
Or, or implicated in any...
So, Dr. Drummond?
Yes, yes, sir.
You would know better than any man here.
What, what was Dobbs like before his immaculation?
We had a caller ask me that last week.
And I, not knowing you were going to be here...
Well, like, in what context?
Uh, what was he like?
I mean, that's a fairly broad question.

That's a good topic.
Uh, he was like, uh, like, uh, like a man.
And yet, like a bear.
Or a bear slapping fish in a stream.
So that was, that was Dobbs.
In the winter.
Or in the summer.
He was sort of a sea, a man for all seasons.
A bear for all seasons.
And, but, but that's a real, fairly, uh, uh, philosophical bent on what Dobbs was like.
That the Limey interpreter can...
Another, another comment on the Limey interpreters.
That he can put his lips on her buttocks.
Okay.
And she gives him permission to do that.
And make smooching sounds.
And make smooching sounds.
And make smacking, smooching sounds.
While the entire Church of the Subgenius hierarchy stands around...
Gawking and laughing and pointing fingers.
Having their way with dee-beaked prairie squids.
Gawking and scoffing.
Gawking uproariously.
And pointing their fingers at him.
At that no-brainer.
English-ster.
He's got a lot of gall.
Sending that letter in this company.
This country.
Yeah.
This company.
We were hoping that this...
This company of countries.
This grand merry band.
This grand scheme of, uh, pan, uh, pan-political structures.
That was Karen, who lives in Dallas.
And Karen says that he can plant his limey lips right on her buttocks.
For sending us that despicable, childish, puerile, adolescent, pointless letter.
But I hope that he wipes his lips off since that lime juice may sting a little on those,
those, uh...
Well, I was hoping that with you here, Dr. Drummond, uh, we could talk about...
Globular-shaped human anatomy.
Certain amount of butt kissing.
Because there's no...
The zen of butt kissing.
We, that is one of the most requested cuts that we play on this program.
The zen of corporal butt kissing.
Yep.
It's a very difficult art to master.
One that I've spent years and years to...
He's paying with his soul.



He's paying with his soul.



...find just the exact, uh, distance that's the approved distance that would allow you to manifest that butt kissing, uh, viewpoint.
Which is so strongly required of American management.
We have a caller here who's made a good point.
Oh, we'll interrupt this, uh, diatribe for another comment on the limey bastard.
He's made the point that the limey bastard, he's already paid his $20 for salvation, is receiving the material.
Our caller wants to know what the cost will be...
What the cost?
...so that we won't send him any more material.
We'll save money.
Just think.
Think of what a wonderful thing he's done for us now.
But it's not just money.
I mean, it's the cost...
It's the cost...
...of his slack.
Yeah, watch.
Yeah, that too, yeah.
And...
So we put a little bit more slack back in the cosmic slack pool.
You know, as far as I'm concerned, it's, uh...
Well, hopefully...
...we gave it to him, he rejected it, and, uh, so now he's taunting us instead of giving us the benefit of the doubt and realizing up front that there was no possible way in heck that we would ever publish a video.

We didn't publish such a horrible, infan...infantile...
That's it.
...that's the word I was looking for.
...or, uh, puerile...
Adolescent.
...horrible adolescent sexually fantas...fantastic, uh, whatever those other things he said.
We wouldn't be doing those things.
Bestial.
Bestial.
Bestial.
That's one of the...
It's a bestial damn magazine I've ever seen.
It's the best...
It's the best you'll get around here.
Oh, yeah.
And I'll tell you...
Hey, I forgot.
Ah.
Oh, never mind.
That's the Pobucker.
That's the Pobucker coming out in me because, you know, I am an ascended Pobucker.
And that which should give all you Pobuckers heart, that even you, too, could possibly become an Overman, uh, from your lowly status of Pobuckerdom, inside the foot of every Pobucker beats the gland of a subgenius.
Only waiting to be...
Stifle, stifle that radiating...
...massaged...
...Overman aura there, Philo.
...in such a way...
...it's burning me.
Ah.
Ah.
Oh, yes.
It's...uh.
Anybody got any aspirin?
Or a beer?
Or pills?
Pills?
Aspirin?
Beer?
We were looking for pills on the way out here.
How much is a...
How much is a bucket of pills in Dallas now, anyway?
They're...
They're going...
They're pretty high in Little Rock.
Well, if you get the kind that have the...have the stuff inside, it's about...it's a little
bit more than the kind that don't have anything inside.
Well, the, uh, claw-legged, ball-peen antique bathtub full of pills that they used to sell
down on Greenville Avenue, I believe.
Yeah.
I like the burlap sack full of pills.
They were...
They were cheap several years ago.
...that they used to sell over there on the...on the...on the north side of the south part
of the East End there.
It's kind of on the back side of the west, uh, side of that grocery store.
They closed it down now, because it got, uh, kind of out of hand.
Especially when they started pushing those wigs.
And you know who came in to buy the wigs?
Those insidious, uh, gasket wigs that tightened down like a metal band.
There's one crawling right there.
Look out!
Look out!
I got it.
I killed it.
Killed it with my breath.
That's why I don't brush my teeth.
A lot of people have asked me, Philo, why don't you brush your teeth?
It's...it's those wigs.
You know what I mean?
You never know.
They're gonna come crawling across a...a floor or a desk or whatever, and you've got this
built-in power that you can utilize, and it works.
And there's living dead proof of it right there.
It's living dead proof slack squirt.
There's a pool of it right there in my chair.
Absolutely.
Just don't inhale.
Just don't...
And if you'd like that pool of...
If you're like...like Bill Clinton, you won't inhale.
Right.
And if you'd like to receive some of this special...
I never inhale.
...lap squirt vomit...
No.
...and, uh, blood bottles...
I don't even inhale when I breathe.
...and, uh, blood bottles sum up.
Certified pure by the Church of the Subgenius.
Just send 1295 to Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas...
People tell me, how's it going, Philo?
...75214.
Yeah.
I say, what?
How's what going?
Yeah.
What is it?
It's the it.
You know, what is the it?
People say, how you doing?
Well, I never really thought about how I did it.
How am I doing it?
You know, I just did it.
It just came kind of natural.
Lightning erupted.
Yeah.
Dobstown shut down for a weekend when Philo did it.
Uh, let me tell you a little bit about what happens when Philo does it.
People say, Philo, how are you?
Rogans flee by the millions when Philo does it.
Am I alive?
I'm alive.
I'm alive.
Vinyl melts by the ton when Philo does it.
People said, uh...
Speakers crackle.
Old women's beehives melt.
You checked out.
You checked out.
You just left.
Grocery stores.
You just cut out.
You hit the road.
The meat section in grocery stores turns rancid overnight when Philo does it.
You packed it on down the highway.
You packed it up, rolled it down, and shoved it on down the road.
Rolling along...
Kitten natividad squirms when Philo does it.
Yeah, I knew old Kitty.
Yeah.
I called her Kitty and she just knocked P. Wadden out of me one time.
Then when?
Now, as we go back to the phones, we find that we have a caller who's ready to pledge.
She'd like to do Philo.
She'd like to pledge.
She'd like to do Philo.
They'd all like to do Philo.
Karen wants to do Philo.
I can understand that.
I like to do Philo.
Don't we all?
And I am Philo.
Philo has been done.
But it's a hard thing.
It's a very hard thing to do Philo the right way.
Philo was done yesterday.
I've tried it myself.
I've done it.
When Philo does it.
I've done it.
When he does it.
And I've been there.
And when I got there, I didn't know what the heck was happening.
Hello?
Hello?
You may want to talk to Karen just a minute.
Karen.
This is Karen.
Paint factories explode.
Karen who wants to do Philo.
When Philo does it.
When Philo does it.
Well, she knows that we come as a pair, doesn't she?
Yes.
You know that Philo and Sterno come as a pair.
So to speak.
And it's quite messy.
Yeah, well.
When it happens.
Yeah, well.
I'm going to go.

But that's the type of universe we live in.
What are you going to do?
It is.
It's a wonder of mankind.
It's the squirting universe.
You have your.
It should be.
She has her tools.
She has her tools.
And we're speaking literally, friends.
You're not brought my tools as well.
Subgeniuses and pinks.
I always carry my tools.
This is not innuendo we're spouting here.
All three of them.
No, no.
It's not spoken in a roundabout.
This is the literal truth.
She only has one tool.
Well, that's okay.
There's just.
Things can happen that way.
You know, that's an understanding.
Well, I've only got 17.
I'm not going to.

I've only got the.
Yeah.
Well.
It's dead air.
She's talking about her sister.
Okay.
There you go.
Sterno.
Yeah.
Keep it going.
The caller.
The caller is talking about her sister.
And she's going to.
I just can't believe this.
People think that a subgenius hierarchite can be swayed.
As a.
By human sex.
It.
It doesn't make any sense.
I mean.
After you've experienced the rapture.
The Nirvana.
The sheer gut split.
Of overmanned them.
After you've had your third nostril open.
After you've experienced righteous subgenius acubating.
After you have been glanscaped by the doctors for Bob.
Humans think that we can be swayed by sexuality.
I just can't understand the petty mind speak.
The petty.
But speak.
The petty but wilt.
Of these humans.
What what what is happening?
What is happening in this nation.
Sad.
Sad commentary.
We can whiff the aural stench or of these.
Of these humans.
We do it all the time.
Coming down the street.
They haven't taken that boat trip.
They haven't disembarked on the pier.
The sacred pier.
The pink deep pink deep beak prairie squid studded spear.
Of the mighty.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
You're listening to KNO in 89.3 FM.
Community radio in Dallas Texas.
Approved by Gabrogfran.
Little Gabrogfran.
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer Launcher Society.
Excuse me.
Excuse me Sterno.
I have an announcement to make.
Our last caller Karen.
Wanted to regret.
She regretted the fact.
That her sister Christina.
Unless she realizes the error of her ways.
Will not be able to enjoy the ride.
Be next to her sister.
On the pleasure.
The saucers of the sex goddesses and gods.
From preceding the exes.
That we've all spoken of.
I really feel sorry.
And I understand.
I have empathy.
For Karen and her sister.
Because.
Fortunately my brother will be with me.
And all my concubines.
And 50 or 60 wives.
And but Karen.
I just hope you are able to convert your sister.
Soon enough.
And we can all have a good time.
On that very self-same aforementioned sex saucer.
Barney Barney.
Are you out there?
Barney Barney.
Barney.
He's calling.
He's calling and he's lying.
And we've all lied tonight.
It's been a lie.
Barney.
Yeah.
You gotta.
Okay thanks for the call.
Bye.
Okay.
All right now.
Well.
I guess we're kinda.
Are we getting close to the end of our time?
You know we commandeered the show tonight from Reverend Stang.
He really was tied up in the back room.
He's still tied up.
I can hear him squirming around.
We're gonna let him go.
in a little while, but we've enjoyed being here.
Have you?
Yes, all six of us.
They're really working.
I hope that the glands have been escaped.
Sterno didn't enjoy it, but he never enjoys anything.
I hope that your butt has been split.
His relative unenjoyment is variable enough to measure
that some levels of unenjoyment are greater than others,
and so therefore in some sixth sense he does have some level of unenjoyment
that's to a lesser degree than others.
I hope that our listeners have sniffed the veil of Moab somehow by this evening's lectures.
What's that?
By the end of this evening's lectures you hope that somebody mentions the word Moab at least 60,000 times?
We hope that someone sniffs the veil of Moab and the 80 million tribes and lambs of Moab.
Or the belly button of Moab would work.
He says,
Lo unto me ye.
By the smiling pink false prophets.
Launch and yet launch again.
Ah, yes.
And true words were never spoken.
Willa Dobbs and Dr. Drummond.
Truer words were never spoken.
Willa Dobbs, I'd like to say thanks for allowing Sterno and I to come on Reverend Stang's show.
We're sorry you had to beat him up like that.
We hope that he's in shape next week.
Well, we'll see.
It remains to be seen.
Recover his normal.
As long as sick with a sore throat.

It's led by God Jesus Christ.

He's off that, but we hope that he also happens to get back to the point

Then I'll have a strategy show to end it up with.
Git sins whispers in that honor.

We'll get the other way for you.


I'll go with you and I got this衣
When they used to sit in a chair on a chair and they sat on the screen with it in Rapid six-ah and the guy that says it's like coming because the fact it's layer is their carbohydrate that they should come from.
Canada also knows America is not like that so.
worldwide tour with the swinging love courses so oh yeah the swinging love courses yeah why don't
you why don't you put on some swinging love courses as we you know start closing the show
you know i didn't didn't bring any with me dr drum what so i know usually we have
i know usually you've got several thousand tapes in there reverend staying took all of them with
i can understand that he probably wanted he had a long drive he did needed some good good music
for a change instead of that doctors for bob music that starno was talking about he's on the
phone he can't really hear me saying this that doctor he hates doctors stuff so yeah it's strictly
speaking the love corpse list for reverend staying and uh maybe next week we'll have that special
phylo drum and swinging love corpse show and that was this is a caller that said that she hadn't
received her pills she sent
40
and there must have been a it's a conspiracy conspiracy has been jacking with our mail again
but just say no and yeah when you get those pills say no ma'am ma'am well i'm i gotta go because i'm
so hot i'm just sweating aren't we all oh dear blood's in my head thank you for enjoying this
show which i'm sure you did don't forget because if we'd let you that the
you
already jumps guy
all dying
every moment
all these nervous

and here it is
question
of california
bed happily ever after
hear from Dr. Philo Drummond
or Pope Sternodocs
Kekever, our special guest
tonight. So be here next week, friends.
I don't know what it's going to be. Won't be
this. Be something else.
Praise Bob.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
A man.
Thank you.
As we take a walk into the sunshine in our little canvas boat,
we dream and reminisce upon times forgotten,
ancient days of woeful sadness,
intricate patterns of conscious revelry and sickness.
Ah yes, even before the time of the sea,
we knew that these things would come to pass.
As I fall,
the elder ask that day...
Right?
Hey!
You!
You!
What?
What?




