The power of self from the church of the church of the set up
Jesus.com and and or dot dot com.
The air rays.
The universe from the top of the Empire State Building and broadcasting loud to all time zones around the world in stereo.
This is Bob.
There came an awful sound.
And from his lips there came an awful sound.
Bob.
Where'd you two take this elevator from Shangri-La?
I was supposed to be a boy named Thomas.
Me.
I'll get him.
But no talking behind my back.
Ponderosa.
What's that?
What's that?
That's the home place of the Cartwright.
My name's Joe Cartwright.
House Cartwright.
And this is Adam.
Yes, we've met.
Oh, Ponderosa.
The dream.
Ponderosa.
You come out here, you run down our country.
It's a country we love.
It's a country we're proud of.
I think I'm stronger than you.
We don't boo you because you support Russia.
Get ready to Dwayne the Swamp at Electomania 2020.
Take a run around here looking like a big fat bowl of fruity pebbles.
It's an all out smackdown of democracy.
You're right. He is scared. You're right.
We're looking at what would happen if a homeless lumberjack banged a nupa lupa.
Electomania 2020.
Only on C-SPAN 2.
Information wants to be free.
Access to computers and anything which might teach you something about the way the world works should be unlimited and total.
Always yield to the hands on imperative.
All information should be free.
Mistrust authority.
Promote decentralization.
Information wants to be free.
Information wants to be free.
Information wants to be free.

Information wants to be free.
Information wants to be free.
Hello, friend.
You know, hordes of starving subgenius artists are dying to build a wall for you.
Hello, this is Clark Farkington.
You remember me as Mr. Funston or that Gorilla Man.
Well, now I have something serious to say to you.
Soon, people will be knocking on your door and asking you for a donation.
Take a look around your home or car right now.
Chances are there are walls on either side.
Well, thanks to the people at the Church of the Subgenius, these walls can be reinforced so that stray psychic conspiracy energies can be deflected and safely...
warded off or stored, keeping the pinks at bay and energizing your home with simple-to-use methods available in any kitchen or display case.
So, stand by, please, for further instructions and do whatever these people tell you because they know what they're talking about.
Now I'm getting it.
I was going to say he's going to have to, you know...
Okay, it's recording now.
Okay.
Hello, check.
Everything's going fine.
And these are okay.
So it's X Day again, the festival.
And the day also, with the significant action already passed.
We waited for the saucers.
And we're still waiting.
Try them. I'll try a different one.
A distant contrail showed the X-Esteem.
Turned up their multiple noses once again.
An actual landing and embarkation.
Their sense of time is not ours.
Who knows?
The slightest thing could have set them off.
A hair out of place.
One color.
One blade of grass mistakenly crushed.
The configuration of the vehicle's...
The vehicles on the road could have offended them.
They are sensitive spirits.
The world, filled with attachments and aversions and the rest, is like a dream.
It appears to be real as long as one is ignorant, but becomes unreal when one is awake.
According to...
Yeah, but what?
What?
Whoa, what?
What?
Yogey...

Roy Eugene Davis.
The Yogic practitioner.
We also have On the other side of the screen, the On the other side of the screen, we have
yogi bear comics for sale up here, including one which contains the disturbing story The
Sеrt Bear, in which yogi beats up ranger smith with a shovel, supposedly by accident,
but it's a very unwholesome thing.
However, it's in one of the yogi bear comics, which...
we will be offering at the
Baldada auction
so
never forget that the treasures
of time lie high
ready for our acquisition
even the gods
and goddesses taste only a particle
of the unlimited bliss of
supreme consciousness
and enjoy
according to their
purity the shares of that segment
of bliss
the irreducible
substratum
after the negation of all tangible objects
from PR news in Washington
I'm blasting President Trump
in a show of force
striking a US bomber
calling Trump explosive
saying quote they won't be PR news
much longer without elaborating
further no
Germany has ended but it's
far from clear with Angela Merkel
the first projection of results
show that 32.7% of
Angela Merkel's has 13.4%
making them only 20.2%
tens of thousands
of people are still living outside
Berlin because all have refused
to party with them
and the BBB BBC says
the inside current the
is fleeing a BBC crackdown
the BBB BBC
the United Nations High
Commissioner for Refugees says
this is PR news
in Washington
you can hear the kitchen
crew in the background
they're
preparing for the last supper
which will be taking place in about
an hour and a half
would you say
it's starting to cool a little bit the breeze
is starting to pick up
I would not say that
the only way
you're likely to
have any
cooling is if
you were to dive
into
Old Sequa's lair in the pond
see I did
I did that last year and it was just gross
they have
reportedly cleaned
the
bulk of the algae
oh
it's no leeches
no
no goo
and gunk
you can't even think about it
and most of the walnut oil has been
no kidding
skimmed off
okay
so then all you really have to worry about is the genital ripping menace of Old Sequa
well there's also the candiru worm
the candiru flies
oh yeah
those are always a fear
no matter where you are
uh huh
what do they do
the flies
the candiru
the candiru are known for
crawling up your urethra
oh no
not mine
fun for the whole family
you gotta wrap that rascal before getting in the pond
absolutely
yes
I don't have no truck with that
it happens
you never know when it's going to happen
but it happens
so I'm just writing here
Hal Robbins
Professor Brainyard
oh my god










these are extremely sensitive microphones
and that is an extremely loud pen
it is a very good thing that I am not hung over right now
because I would yell at him for scraping that pen across my ears
this is as it happens folks
this is the real life
here at X-Day 21
this is not fantasy
a mere
shoot
sorry
a mere 14 hours ago

14 hours away from the end of the world
which has to happen
this time for sure
Bristol
is that too loud
it's just perfect
just perfect
I don't know if they can hear the music that we can hear but
can you hear the music
I don't hear the music but go baby go
that's the spirit we have today well we've done it


we've suffered a small setback
aliens that seem not to have arrived yet
but
you saw them fly by earlier
yes
through the drive-by
they didn't want to set themselves down
just dump the ballast you know on the earth
it's got full of
it's the bilge tanks you know they've got huge bilge tanks on these spaceships
big enough for that?
yeah
This kind of scary sound back here behind us, Dr. Howell.
And they bring invasive species to mess with our biota.
Yeah, they have no natural predators on Earth, so...
Well, we have a few here at X-Day.
You know, I just went by the hassle shack,
and we delivered a page of the enumeration of all who are here at X-Day.
And it's curious.
I noticed that the list of banned people is longer than the list of people who are actually here at X-Day.
Oh, really? That says a lot.
It's a huge, lengthy list of bad actors and malfeasers who are not to be admitted to X-Day.
And I ran my eyes over that list, and an interesting list it is.
There's a real rogues gallery of horrible people.
Well, I don't know if they're horrible. We just don't want them here.
It would be horrible for us to have them here.
To have them here, right, right.
They're not necessarily horrible people, but it's hard for us to get along with.
Well, somebody who took the trouble to drive all the way across the country to get here last year
had to be turned away at the gate.
And that, you know, at least they take the trouble to drive here.
Yes, only the crazy...
Creme de la creme are accepted here.
We want a higher class of weirdo.
We don't want just your standard gutter trash weirdo.
We want your extremely talented, intelligent weirdo.
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free here at Wisteria.
To swelter in subgenius probity.
Bob.
Bob.

This is the battle of sex as an animal act.
The human animal struggles vainly to control his natural animal instincts.
So to be better able to fit into the norm of society.
A contradiction in terms.
Sometimes.
However, either due to chemical or hormonal imbalance.
A fist of facts.
Or a flagrant disregard for the outdated and inhibitional so-called code of ethics.
The thin line which separates the animal from the vegetable is obliterated.
Leaving them free to intoxicate their need to fulfill.
The lowest common denominator.
Bob.
Only through the threat of constant danger.
Or the imprisonment of incomprehensible pain.
Can they find a suitable distraction to veer them away from the dull reality.
Which they seek so desperately to escape.
Bob.
The reality that.
That they will never.
Ever.
Be.
Another Charles Manson.
Jim.
Morrison.
Jim.
Jones.
Jack.
The Ripper.
Tex.
Ritter.
Clint.
Eastwood.
Mario.
Andretti.
Mohammed.
Ali.
Lenny.
Bruce.
Lizzie.
Borden.
Andy.
Warhol.
Or.
Bob.
The fact that they're going to be struggling every other day of their lousy goddamn lives.
Just to be able to afford the cost of living yet another hopeless rotten existence.
Full of heartaches.
Bum deals.
Bad trips.
Burnouts.
Rip offs.
Fuck ups.
And every other stinking lousy abuse you want to fling in the face of these poor miserable.
Misfit.
Reject.
Loser.
Outlaw.

Yeah.
Bob.
The kind of people that don't fit in to your society because to fit in would be the
kiss of death.
Dull.
Dumb.
Square.
Bob.
Because that's what it's all about.
We have to speak on matters of more importance.
portent and moment to subgeniuses.
So I think this is today as we shall designate this day
as the day of disappointment.
Well, now that's being a little bit...
Well, it's the day after X-Day that didn't happen,
so what could be worse?
It's the biggest disappointment in human history.
Perhaps it's the day of waiting for the other shoes to drop,
the other 279 shoes of the multi-legged master of Saucer Prime.
But we have not come to the end of today yet.
Which one is this one?
We don't know how it's going to...
Which one is this one?
Well, it must be...
Jeepers, I don't know it.
It must be the Anvil of Krom from the 1982 movie
Conan the Barbarian,
about a late-night talk show.
Yes, a weird anvil where the spirits gather around it
but cannot touch it because it is made of iron
and you touch one of them with iron
and they have to disappear or go away.
I don't remember this one passage in this song.
It sounds like it's something different.
It's been added, augmented.
Do you have a list on the...
screen of what cut it is?
This is kind of strange.
What we really need is a line out of that little box down there
back into the mixer so that we can get it in the recording
because now it's just coming in through the mics.
Well, we'll have to deal with that because...
Maybe we'll do that after the break.
All right, yes.
Pledge your break now.
In Washington, I'm flat when adjusted for inflation.
Democratic presidential hopefuls Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton
would be a step back to the 21st century.
Clinton ratcheted up again yesterday
and she said they should get back to violence and ethnic bloodletting.
Wall Street, 12, 3, 7, 3, 2, and 11.
The Senate killed seven people in Washington.
The Commerce Department says this is PR news.
PR comes from bamboo and cork flooring.
Which probably sounds good with the propeller.
I just discovered when you step out of Caffeina's into the breeze,
the propeller actually spins.
Well done.
That is, yes.
For those of you who aren't paying extra for the video service,
this is my propeller hat.
I scoured Metro Detroit to find a propeller hat for this occasion.
The official Flash Hercules beanie.
That's right.
So since I'm Reverend Fanboy,
I did some sort of ventilator.
So, it's false advertising on the box.
There's a lady flying through clouds
and I haven't flown for a second yet
since I put this thing on.
You haven't been with Philo yet.
No.
I think that'll probably get me...
Philo just drove through with a dinosaur in the bed of his pickup truck.
Mm-hmm.
You know, it's just not X-Day without a dinosaur.
One year it was Barney and he was the subject of the...
Yeah.
Of the campfire at the end?
Yes.
Yes.
Oh, there's been so many X-Days.
And this is yet another one.
The Slacker X-Day, as we're calling it,
because people are just hanging out, having fun.
It has to happen sooner or later.
Sooner or later.
Well, you know...
Eh...
The 5th of July...
7 a.m. on the 5th of July comes every year.
1998, whenever it may land.
That's right.
Whatever 1998 you happen to need,
it's gonna happen eventually.
And we'll be there.
Because no matter where you are, there you are.
Everybody's gotta be somewhere.
Everybody's gotta be somewhere.
Yeah.
That one calls for a good Echo's voice.
I'm the...
Seamus Eccles.
And I've got friends in.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Yeah, the energy level is just being crushed.
What is energy?
Crushed.
What is energy?
This is...
The slack level, on the other hand, is through the roof.
I'm okay with that.
I'm okay with that.
But not too far.
Not too far through the roof,
because then you're in the sunlight, and it's hot.
Remaining in the shade is definitely called for.
Yeah.
Did we mention it's hot?
Oh, by the way, it's hot.
And guess what?
It's hot.
So there's definitely feelings of sadness for most of us.
Yes.
And also feelings of...
As you said, let's get rid of this trash year of...
The 21st post-X Day year.
If we cannot get rid of the world, we can at least get rid of the misery.
Mm-hmm.
And find something else to do, which is why I'm currently sitting in front of a microphone.
Mm-hmm.
Well, you've got to have something to do.
This is true.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.

















I've been sitting in front of my computer all day long,
which is why I'm sitting in front of my computer right now.
See, I'm with you.
I'm a man of stature myself,
and if I spend too much time cavorting and gallivanting out in this heat,
I will probably melt into a puddle.
So hiding here is a good idea.
It's got to happen sooner or later.
Sooner or later.
Ah.
But this doesn't make me...
The propeller beanie does not make me as warm as I thought.
I thought it would.
It's nice.
It's very thin.
It's very thin.
It's very light.
Now, is the propeller beanie going on auction as well?
No, this is mine.
Oh, fair.
This is my...
Well done.
This is part of my costuming.
Well done.
Yes.
Yes, Alton.
Yes, Reverend Fanboy is cosplaying as Flash Hercules this year.
He just needed his Cub Scout uniform.
Either that,
or Beanie from the Beanie and Cecil cartoons.
Ah, yes.
A Bob Clampett cartoon.
I made that my avatar for a while.
Because I figure everywhere I'm going,
I'm wearing a propeller beanie.
You just can't see it.
This is the first time that people can actually see the propeller beanie
that is on my head at all times.
I was on the back.
That music seems to be much lower than Reverend Stang indicated
on his really high quality notes here.
Well, of course, he wasn't...
Put it up to three.
...hooking it up exactly the way it was hooked up here.
So there could be some slight variation there.
No doubt.
How have you found Wisteria so far, Philo?
How have you seen it?
Any unusual sights or creatures here?
Hmm.
Well...
Like a giant vulture, for example?
I didn't see a giant vulture eviscerating a rabbit.
I saw a rabbit last night.
It ran in front of the car.
I didn't actually see it.
Rabbit, rabbit, rabbit, rabbit.
Saw a flattened frog.
A flattened frog is only two points,
but at least you saw that.
We saw a live frog right in here.
In Caffeinus.
Did you eat it?
No.
Reverend Dr. Mother Miller picked it up
and put it in the cool, wet grass outside.
That was very nice.
And...
That frog probably went home into its little frog families
and said,
you won't believe what happened to me tonight.
We've seen many long-legged, round-bodied spiders, of course.
I was wandering around in this place.
These people were about to step on me,
and somebody saved me.
They took me out to the grass.
I was able to scamper back to my little home.
And family.
My domicile.
And you guys, you kids.
Yeah, the tadpoles were glad to see Dad.
The tads were.
So, we have done some good here,
and perhaps the exes will look on us with favor
because we are now living in harmony with our environment
and all that sort of thing.
And how about those?
They're not biting mosquitoes.
None of them have bit me so far.
They're falling down on the job.
And I like that.
Yeah, it feels good.
Usually, they swarm around me, biting me.
I mean, it doesn't feel good.
Well, that part doesn't feel good, no,
but it's good that they have lapsed their usual vigilance.
I have so many of Reverend Stang's plugs and stuff.
It makes me paranoid.
Well, you can't knock success, but...
I'm afraid I'm going to lose a plug.

But you can't just plug it in.
in and see what happens. And forget it.
Well, just set it
and forget it. Experiment
a little bit. That's what made this
country great.
But, if we
have everything happening
and things are plugged in. That's some heavy, heavy
rumble there. Uh-huh, yes.
Listen to the rumble, the rattle
and the roar.
She's coming round the mountain.
Wabash Cannonball.
That low frequency hum
is the sound of
disappointed subgeniuses
at X-Day.
Who feel, once again,
obscurely cheated that the
X's have shown
their typical flighty behavior
and altered their landing
schedule. Leaving us all
with dinosaur egg
on our face. It's the PA feeding back.
Um, the, um...
We don't really... I think maybe I've got it
too close to the speaker.
Feedback, eh?
Ha, ha, ha.
So, things are really
happening at X-Day. It's a happening time.
We're going to put those bobbleheads
behind the midget
speaker.
That might work.
Now we're getting feedback, though,
of no uncertain kind.
.
.
.





.
.
.
.
.
.


.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
So yeah, this is, it's amazing. It's completely amazing. The people, the places, the times, it's just stuff rolling around.
And we are here in an unusual piece of ground also. Wisteria is not like other places.
When they had the big power meltdown a number of years ago, only Wisteria was spared.
Where for some reason this place had power and the rest of the state was...
They probably forgot about it, you know.
A forgotten piece of just power spewing out.
Hey, what about that pipe over there? Oh, don't worry about it.
That power just leaks out.
All the 7-Elevens and Circle Ks were sweltering without air conditioning.
The power just falls out of those receptacles onto the ground.
Gas stations refused to pump.
Wouldn't that be weird if you had to like put it, something in there like gas, you know, to keep the power from falling out when you weren't using it?
Well...
Sometimes it squirted out a little bit, you know, out of the little receptacle.
That's reminiscent of James Thurber's aunt who was always afraid when a light bulb wasn't screwed in that electricity would be leaking out.
Yeah.
It makes sense. I can see how somebody would think that.
Makes a lot of sense.
People should probably give money to somebody.
Somewhere, for something.
To help out somewhere with something.
And what about that phenomenon?
People found that a long time ago, that money helps.
It's a terrible disadvantage that Reverend Stang is not here.
I'm sure you'd agree.
But there's...
There's a slight advantage, though, where we can talk about things that he would keep us from talking about.
Yeah, like movies?
Well, no, that's what we always talk about.
What I was thinking of, though, is that huge banned list of banned people that I had to give to the administrators.
Where is that? Do you have a copy of that list?
It's up at the shack with the guards.
What's the deal with that?
The people who give you a hard time when you come in.
What's the deal with that?
Are the church and subgenius...
Is it really that selective?
Well, we don't want all these folks coming in because they disrupt the harmony of our conciliancy here.
Just because it's a church of non-joiners, doesn't that kind of mean that there's going to be people that don't like to join coming here?
Well, Philo, there's a rumor I've heard.
We can even talk about this, that you might be in charge of X Day in the future.
And if...
If that is true, maybe you might have different admission policy and let all these troublemakers in at once.
Have a giant X Day of nothing but the bad and banned people, since their list is now larger than the people who are actually here.
Yeah, but then we'll have built a gladiatorial combat, and their admission will be they have to go to battle in the arena while the rest of us watch.
We have that at Burning Man, the Thunderdome, where people are...
Yeah.
Well, we'd have...
We'd have our own version of that, only it would be much rougher and much more deadly and...
Of course.
...able to hurt yourself.
That's not really a good idea, because remember, there have been serious injuries...
But this is the list of the banned.
We already don't like them.
...the hospital folks out here.
When the blood wrestling occurred, there were unfortunate injuries, I recall.
But, right, but this is the list of the banned, Dr. Howe.
We already don't like them, so we don't care about what they think, so we can...
Well, Philo...
...if they get hurt, it's okay.
If this is gonna be your deal, you could declare...
They get hurt for our pleasure.
...subgenius amnesty, and give them a chance, which of course they'll follow up, to redeem themselves once more.
Yeah.
And so...
You know, have a big mountain in the middle of our gladiatorial combat arena that they battle to get to the top of.
We call that Washout Mountain.
Well, as long as somebody else besides me builds it, I have...
No basic objection.
Okay, I'm gonna talk about a movie for a minute.
All right.
Did you ever see that one that had Jet Li in it called The One?
The One.
Is it dubbed?
No, I think it was English.
Okay, then unauthentic.
All right, don't worry about it.
Never mind.
Never mind.
Nobody here saw it.
Well, you see, Hong Kong, they dub them all.
It's a good movie.
It's an action flick, you know.
Uh-huh.
All action.
And you mentioned this because you're thinking of swinging into action and...
There was a scene at the very end of it where all of the ones that are trying to get to be the one
are trying to get the one who's at the top of the mountain.
They're running up at him and he's taking them on from all sides.
Sure, kids like to play that game.
It's awesome, yeah.
King of the Mountain.
Mm-hmm.
I'm King of the Mountain.
I'll take on all comers.
As long as you have the stamina.
It's like King of the Wood.
The King of the Wood had to take on all comers because everybody was trying to get to be him
and he had to fight them off.
Yes, the best is a secure position that people aren't competing to get in.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.








Hey, what's going on?
Eight-foot cola! Eight-foot cola!
Eight-foot cola!
Eight-foot cola!
Eight-foot cola!
Eight-foot cola!
What was the question? Is he talking about this?
Did I see any strange signs?
Yeah, you do.
Did you see anything that might shed some light on where we are now?
We didn't see anything. That's what was unusual.
We didn't see any... There was absolutely nothing.
Just an empty void.
All the way here.
Empty. Void.
No cars, no people.
No zombies or anything.
Anything.
Just anything.
Just completely devoid of animals and mammals.
Like all the stuff we were anticipating somehow already happened and we missed it.
The world gave up on itself early.
It's about time.
How are those greens?
The slaw is fine.
These greens...
Oh, good, you got slaw.
Some people would say lettuce doesn't really count as greens, even though it's green.
It's mostly water.
Green water.
Doesn't even have that much fiber.
Fiber.
You can overanalyze.
Now, you take you some collards. That's got some fiber in it.
Oh, yeah.
You say we're going to take a collar?
Yep.
Yeah, I wish we could take a collar.
A certain collar.
We would love to have Reverend Ivan Stang himself call in and give us his blessing and benison on this day.
More difficult than others to pass.
Should we prop more?
Yes.
While we eat?
Yes.
Here on Mount Froppmore.
Little Johnny Froppmore.
Oh, look at that.
I had service when it was down here.
Moved my phone up a bit and it's gone.
There's absolutely no service again.
It's just a teasing service.
It's us.
In a cloud of fropp smoke.
Hey, did you see that they said that...

That Jurassic Park is not really that far off from a reality.
They can actually do that.
Really?
That's what they said.
I don't know.
Using DNA stuff.
I saw that coffee makes you live longer somewhere.
Now that is true.
Well, then I should...
I've picked my own...
Coffee makes you live longer. Yes.
But they can't produce dinosaurs. No.
At 104 years old.
Now I know when I'm 103, I'm gonna go, oh man.
When I'm 104.
Good thing I drank all that coffee.
First of all, nobody has a complete DNA sequence.
Yeah, everybody I know ever knew is dead.
Even if you get rid of all the other problems.
That coffee sure was good.
But at least there was coffee and it was good.
The herb that lifts...
I try to talk those other idiots into drinking coffee.
They'll learn.
Wow, that's a cool bubble pipe you got there.
Yeah.
Nice.
Yeah, I see that.
Like grapes?
Is that that edible bubbles?
Ain't taking the trouble to blow my bubbles away.
They have edible bubbles now?
Yeah.
What do they taste like?
Yes, they have...
Soap?
It tastes like soap.
In a way, why wouldn't you just eat the bubbles anyway?
It's just a little bit...
They have catnip bubbles.
Catnip bubbles.










Yeah, I saw that.
For your cat to chase.
Now that is good.
See, people have been thinking...
Yes.
...about what this world needs now.
I remember trying to smoke catnip.
Boy, there have been some desperate times we've gone through, pulling the pieces of probable
marijuana out of the carpet.
Yeah.
Going back through the ashtray.
Yeah.
and finding the ashes that weren't totally burnt through.
And having your cat smoking it.
He'd better not.
And not sharing.
And not sharing.
Damn it.
Yeah, the cat hiding the lighter.
He said,
Don't you think you've had enough, Frop, Philo?
Who said that?
Leroy, I am the Frop.
The people's moderating instincts.
Go ahead, eat some of those bubbles.
They taste like grapes.
Believe me, they do.
Go ahead.
Tastes like grape soap.
They might make you a bit irregular.
Isn't that interesting?
I mean, they make soaps that smell so good that you want to drink it or eat it.
Consuming soap is not good for the human.
It's just something you probably shouldn't do.
Think about that.
That's your job,
is to make,
things that smell so good that you want to eat it,
but they're just made out of chemicals,
and you're just tweaking these chemical compounds.
Smells so good, you want to scarf it down.
And then you use the stem cell.
It's kind of like a detector of pain and good taste and bad taste,
and it registers an electronic output and tells the researcher,
yeah, that smells good.
It's good.
Remember they had those apples a few years ago that smelled like grapes.
They were called grape apples.
Yeah.
Or grapples.
Those were a kind of a fad, I think.
Yeah, they were.
They didn't taste like grapes.
I saw how they did it.
They just take regular apples and just soak them in like a grape-flavored brine.
Terrible.
It just draws you to it, and you spend like four extra bucks for six apples
that smell like grapes but taste like apples.
What kind of?
Grapes.
There were many different grapes and many different flavors of grapes.
White grapes.
Whatever kind of grapes they make grape Kool-Aid out of.
Concord grapes, like Mogan-David?
Yes, exactly.
Mogan-David apples.
Mad Dog 2020 apples.
Would you drink that?
Eat that?
I would try it.
Yeah, sure.
I would try it.
Because I try to try anything and everything at least once.
I would tell them to order tomatos and ponzas, and I would drink keepers.


Look Bob, wear my hat.
Bob.
Bob?
Hey Philo, are you eating the hell out of that sloppy joe?
Did they give you a donut too?
I hope I don't die later.
That donut was incredibly delicious.
You got a good amount in that mustache.
There you go.
It's not until the next day that's when you go,
Oh, what's this? Oh, it's corn.
The next day.
It's a potential soup receptacle.
Think about it. You could get enough stuff
if you don't clean it very often.
You get enough crumbs in there, you can just boil it
and make soup out of it.
Oh yeah, beard soup.
Exactly, beard soup.
Doc Howell needs to grow a beard now.
I would if I was him.
Yeah.
But for me, it's all about not shaving.
Right.
The shaver.
The shaver of our mysteries.
I was saying you should grow a beard.
Like the D-Rose under Mount Shasta.
My face is so smooth, it's almost like a baby's butt now,
but it's covered in hair.
White men have smooth faces with fuzzy baby butt.
Like a fuzzy, hairy baby's butt.
Well, now I think that's a little bit of an exaggeration.
Because it really wasn't that little of a baby.
Yeah, but the butt was smooth.
The butt is silk.
By the highway in northernmost California,
in California's lost coast area,
where I just was,
there's a place of Bigfoot's bad taste world
with carvings of bears and yetis and things all carved out of redwood,
all sorts of tourist stuff.
Also lawn gnomes and things like that.
There, they had the world's most beautiful,
the world's largest lawn gnome.
This amazing sculpture of this gigantic thing.
It was really well sculpted.
You went behind it where its fat hands were folded behind it.
The anatomical detail was superb.
But the thing itself must have weighed many tons.
And this year when I went up, it was gone.
This gigantic lawn gnome disappeared.
How?
Who could call it out?
I don't know.
Those damn scrappers?
They have some crappy, fairly big lawn gnomes.
Why? Why?
They are no way a replacement for this thing,
which was far larger than any human's stature.
But how? How?
It was a goliath of lawn gnomes.
And they've got some badly sculpted things that are fairly big,
but nothing like that.
How could they have done such a thing, Doctor?
It's on a mountain road.
It's by the big trees that you have to drive through,
winding around and around and around.
Only an army of gnomes?
Only an army of gnomes would have attempted such a thing.
No.
Well, I'm sorry that that happened.
And I once got myself photographed standing by it.
So I will now treasure that photograph.
It's the garden golem.
You see, it just walked away on its own.
They also had a sculpture of a yeti stomping on a garden gnome.
I've seen those.
You have?
Yes.
This is the first time I ever saw something like that.
I saw where they have a bear.
No, it's a yeti.
It's a Sasquatch.
It's a Sasquatch.
And he's stomping on a garden gnome.
And I don't see my girlfriend,
but I bought her a pair of socks there
that show a UFO abducting a yeti woven into the fabric.
Perhaps she still has them on.
I think that that's what happens.
They, you know, X-Day, yetis have X-Days every year.
And their spaceship comes.
The ecstasy of X-Day.
They just don't like us.
They like yeti.
Or they come, but there's some problem with that.

Where there are actually only a few molecules.
If I could grow a beard, just quit shaving.
What?
Quit shaking?
A bear, you think?
I didn't grow this beard.
Oh, a beard.
Just quit shaving.
This is my normal face.
This is my normal face.
Right.
I was saying if everyone stopped shaving, we could all maybe look more like yetis.
And maybe the yetis, I think, are the ones that are getting picked up by the saucers.
They look more like the Duck Dynasty crowd.
No, we don't want that.
And we're expected to curtail our philosophy.
No, we don't want that.
Those guys grew beards.
They didn't just stop shaving.
Oh, yes, of course.
It's show business.
What can one say?
The magic of...
They do have good beards.
I've watched that show just for looking at the beards.
Oh, yeah, the beards are good.
You can't hold anything they say against the beards.
No.
But they are dicks.
Otherwise.
But that's the attraction.
I never even listen to what they say because I'm watching the beards so much.
Well, you see, they're all...
You know, self-regarding...
Transfixed by the beard.
The government has no business telling me not to...
Transfixed with fascination.
Duck beard.
What?
I'm transfixed with fascination.
And their beards keep them warm, supposedly, as they huddle in duck blinds waiting to exercise their Second Amendment rights with the overflying waterfall.
It will keep you hot.
Actually, I find that...
I find it different.
Okay, Philo, you forced me to ask this question, and that is, when you sleep at night, do you put the beard on the outside of the covers or inside?
I put it on the outside.
By God, I knew it.
I knew it.
Because I don't want the covers doing this to my chin at night.
Right, right.
Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.
That makes perfect sense.
And now I know.
That 20 centuries of stony sleep were...
Oh, well.
They were vexed to nightmare by a rocking cradle.
But I got that beard thing.
Yeah.
Sometimes I wrap rubber bands around it, but I don't have any of them with me.
When they snap, it must be an unpleasant...
Then you look like Captain Hugh Albano.
They're hair bands made for little girls.
Oh, yeah, thank you.
So it kind of brings out the little girl in me when I do it.
She doesn't have herself.
No.
She doesn't have her socks on.
Oh, well.
Oh, well.
It's still a little warm.
Oh, no.
She doesn't have her socks on.
I wanted to show off those Yeti alien abduction socks.
Oh, I get it.
Okay, okay.
Your no sock girlfriend.
I have an urge, since I just pulled it up on Facebook...
That's what she said.
...to read this post of Stang's.
I think it should be read into the record.
Fair enough.
I don't want to wreck a mood, but...
So this is from Reverend Ivan Stang.
I won't be at X Day.
My niece Claire died on Sunday night.
As some of you may know from the GoFundMe I often circulated,
Claire was the victim of a chronic, incurable, degenerative disease of the connective tissues
called Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome, or EDS.
She posted on Facebook about her constant struggle and pain,
and she and her mother, my sister who also suffers from EDS,
were our neighbors at the ranch in Texas, and we were very close.
My sister is in jail for assisting the suicide of her daughter last Sunday night.
I have to be back at the ranch in Texas as soon as possible.
Princess Wee and her mom will be driving our van full of X Day gear and necessities
from Cleveland to Wisteria on Wednesday,
and I hope other good subgenius doctors who are there
will help her unload and set up the festival infrastructure,
such as it is, the way I usually do.
It should be a normal, in quotes, X Day,
ha ha, except that I won't be running around taping everything.
I am including instructions for setting up Tarzan's radio studio,
which we will be bringing along with much of the swag and decorations and Bobby Awards.
Reverend Heathen has the giant pulpit and some of the swag and bull dada auction stuff.
Our little hound dog Buddy and I
will be taking a rented car to Texas as soon as we see Wee and her mom off.
I need to bring my portable office back with me,
because it may be a while before I'm back in Cleveland to clean out the house
and get it up for sale as fast as possible.
I'm glad I was able to stop crying long enough to type this.
So that's the serious business.
That's the underpinnings of X Day 21.
We got that yesterday in the afternoon.
Yes. Yep.
So that's the backbeat of what's going on here,
which is, I think the next big thing that's going to happen is dinner, honestly.
Yes.
Doesn't seem like anything else is going on.
No, I have not seen Princess Wee down here yet.
No. Understandably.
So that's fine, you know.
I think people are having a good, I'm having an excellent time reconnecting with you.
I think that's what people are doing right now, just like...
Reconhaven too.
Reconhaven and reconnecting. Yes.
Reconnecting Havoc.
So this is Jane's Podcast Studio in lieu of Tarzan's radio station.
Had to happen sooner or later.
Had to happen sooner or later. I think that's the theme here.
Yeah, we're definitely just kicking back and making the best of it.
Hopefully that's the theme tomorrow at 7 a.m. It had to happen sooner or later.
It had to happen sooner or later.
Because things do.
Things do.
No matter what happened, you know, all we're doing is chronicling the passing of one second after another.
And noises occur around those seconds. They're picked up by our crude equipment.
Turned into something you could potentially listen to later. Or not.
I'm not sure if that's what she said in the moment.
No. It's definitely not. It's definitely not.
Well, I was thinking about the picked up by crude equipment to be heard later by everyone.
Yeah. Crude indeed.
We'll be back after this break after a word from our sponsor, Thompson's Motor Oil and Salad Dressing.
Did you say pee in the gene pool?
No, I didn't. But on the other hand, it's A-C-T-H. You see, the pee doesn't enter into earthly genetics.
Not around here. Not on this little part of the solar system.
I'm going to have to run a line, though.
The piece of original material.
Actually, it sounds kind of loud.
Solar detritus.
Which covered a vast distance by our standards.
But what is left is enough for a world sized to our own needs.
Well, it is possible that we have now discovered companion worlds in our nearest stellar neighbor.
Alpha Centauri.
That's the cough mic over there.
Earth-like planets.
We just use that for coughing, too.
But as Earth-like as they may be, if they happen to be of a greater gravitational pull than ours, then there's hardly any point in going.
If you need to cough, Dr. Howell, there's a cough mic right behind you.
It's not the cough that carries you off. It's the cough that they carry you off in.
I know I was going to cough, but I suppressed it, you see.
Yeah, it's good to suppress a cough.
You don't have to cough right into the...
There's no spit suppressor here in front of these microphones.
Have you seen those spit guards they have?
Well, theoretically, these are kind of like spit catchers.
So you can't...
These catch the spit.
They hold it. It holds it for a while.
And then while it's holding it...
This is...
It's spewing...
It's causing it to ferment.
...impassioned saliva.
So you have this fermented saliva.
Well, one can be too much of a...
Dried and embedded.
...queasy, squeamish...
It's like a fossil. It's kind of like a fossil. It takes over the material and actually becomes the material.
A Roderick Usher character. And it's possible to be too sensitive. You know, you've got to buckle down and...
Don't ever smell it.
Yeah, well, that's...
Please, don't. I'm warning you.
It's not worth it.
But you can't forbid the allure of...
Those hairs on your nose are worth or for something. They protect your nose.
Forbidden.
They do. And if you have chemotherapy, they fall out and then your nose runs because there's nothing to keep that from happening. An indignity of those...
Yeah, well, you've got to trim those... It's like filters. They're filters.
Yes, indeed. And they must indeed be hacked back. The wild brushes must be hacked.
And I do hack them back all the way from here to all the Rackham sack. The only place I'd ever want to be.
In Rackham sack.
But you see, it's as Dr. Morrow said, the beast flesh must be cut back bit by bit. I'm not allowed to accumulate.
So true.
And I think a lot of the places where you get this...
Phenom is where there is cellular damage because, sorry, too much exposure to the sun, too much solar radiation, now you've had genetic damage to your skin.
And what's this? One inch long hair growing out of the anti-tragus of your ear. That's not supposed to be there.
And so you have to be prepared to hack down these abominations should they erupt.
Or else have a grisly...
Aspect indeed.
Not that one would have a single brow and two fingers of the hand of identical length.
Somebody said, what would you do if you had an ear on your chin?
Well, that would be sad, dude.
You'd hear yourself eating all the time.
Like those mice with a giant ear on their back.
Every time you're eating it would sound so loud.
The ear grown on the mouse's back.
Chomping, slopping.
Chomping sounds all the time.
You'd hear your larynx gulping, you know.
Well, that you hear inductively.
All these sounds.
That is not necessarily even coming through the ear but vibrating from the inside of your...
Of course, I think you could hear down.
Maxilla and mandible action.
You could hear down.
And once again the curious human with...
Because it's pointing right off of your chin.
More versatile than almost any other part of the...
The animal kingdom.
Unlike the crocodiles and reptiles and so forth.
The jaw can just go up and down.
The same thing with birds.
But with the mammals, they can move the jaw all around for complicated grinding motion.
Well, Dr. Howe...
It absorbs all that passed between its ravenous slavering.
I think this is about to run out.
We should take a pause here.
All right, yes.
And so that brings you to the end of this episode of the Tarzan's radio station broadcast from X Day 21.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bob?
That's Salvation and Infotation at www.subgene.com.

Or got that pencil ready?
P.O. Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
Okay, friends on the internet where I can flog or swag legally.
If you want to help yourself and the Church of the Subgenius
and get a pretty cool package with like 25 different nifty things in it,
like pins and bumper stickers and a real preacher card,
you need to go to subgenius.com and click to become a minister.
You'll see photos and a list of all the stuff you get.
And you really do get to go to the Scrub Genius Forum,
which is members only and where we talk in ways that people don't talk on Facebook.
Much more.
Much smarter ways, ironically enough.
Isn't that funny?
We also have things like T-shirts and damn near everything you can think of
with Bob's face on it.
That and a huge selection of other subgenius graphics.
And we sell several very weird DVDs and CDs of the Bob songs
and old MP3 stashes of this show.
And best of all, from our main online store,
you can buy the Book of the Subgenius,
which is by far the greatest thing we've ever done.
It's an actual Simon & Schuster book,
22 bucks, in print for over 30 years,
and every copy that we send out is signed by yours truly.
For that matter, your address on the puffy envelope is handwritten by me also.
Keep my fingers nimble.
That's subgenius.com and remember, it's only money.
