It's chaotic, it's chaotic, it's chaotic.
Yes, yes, finally we can do it.
Actually, friends, my microphone broke and Bob made me come into the station.
He made me keep working and so we're doing it.
God damn it, from the very station itself.
If I push this button, now theoretically this should bring this noise up.
No.
Can this a very angry sounding thing?
Something real?
Someone really wants to rant about some shit that they've been like building up in their bowels?
I mean, yes, I said bowels.
I mean, this is going to be angry sounding, I suppose so.
If you walk around right now, you might hear a lot of people saying,
I really don't think anything's going to happen.
This is all just a big spectacle, a diversion.
Someone's got something planned and we're never going to see the end of tomorrow like we planned.
Some people are saying, I don't think the X's are going to come.
I don't think Bob's really here.
I think this slack thing you're talking about is all about emptying your wallet.
I had to pay $10 to get on the Wi-Fi.
I had to pay $10 to park my car.
I paid $15 a day to register a camping fee.
$35 at the campground.
And there was a $35 before that one.
And I think even before that, there was another $35.
And before that, maybe even another $35.
I paid $35 so many goddamn times, I don't even know how many doctorates I have.
But if there's one thing that I've noticed in the past 10 years of being a subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,

subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,

subgenius,









subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
subgenius,
Might as well kiss those watches goodbye.
Calendars are a thing of the past.
Because it's X Day!
You need to pull your head out of your ass and you need to come down here right now
and you need to explain to everybody why you think JR Bob Cobb says it does something for you!
He's done less than God.
So I guess that's a little bit more.
Can you feel it?
That giant Mayan calendar was not spinning to 2012.
No!
98!
98!
98!
98!



Next time!
Kiss all your calendars goodbye!
We're gonna watch the pinks fry!
They're gonna die!
They're gonna burn!
Will you survive X Day?
will you survive X Day?
Will you survive X Day?
Will you survive X Day?
xx
ill this guy
wine
for




thought to fly
way
You fuckers. You dirty, pagan, atheist, slimeball, blasphemous, disgusting, maven, blobs of slime.
You are the goo on the bottom of the pond.
Be that goo.
Because goo is really neat.
I hear there's some new openings for Overman.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks for coming to X-Day.
It's just so gosh darn nice to see you here in positive encouragement.
Positive Pomeroy.
Positive Pomeroy.
Positive Pomeroy.
Pomeroy sounds like a lotion that you would put on a bad burn.
It is.
Thank you.
Are you ready to ask Dr. Howell?
Think of your question or questions.
And think how much you want to invest to learn the answer from Dr. Howell.
But only if you are actually interested.
In receiving the answer.
Answers once given can never be retracted.
Yeah, think about that, kids.
Before you dive in.
Now at this time, Reverend Angry Larry is distributing the question slips.
And there will be writing instruments on which you may write your questions.
And send them here to our desk.
With a slight premium or reward.
For me, Dr. Howell and Dowell.
If we like your question.
Oh, wait.
We don't have any liquor to dispense.
Okay, never mind that part of it.
If we like your donation.
If your donation is exceptionally generous.
But they're not even paying attention.
Let's keep this going.
Attention.
Attention, subgeniuses.
It's time to ask.
Dr. Howell.
I have a question first, though.
Of you.
Can you hear me?
Good.
Okay.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
Yes.
You must ask Dr. Howell if you want an answer.
And to get that answer, you have to write it down on the little slips of paper.
I know that most of you haven't used a pencil or a piece of paper in the last.
Twenty years.
We're asking you to do it now.
Because I don't want to be texted these questions.
And we collect them.
I have a giant stack of absurd questions that Dr. Howell has answered.
Called the hour of slack.
Anyway.
Again, if you didn't understand this correctly.
Although Dr. Howell can provide an answer freely and for free.
Don't you want a slightly better answer?
No.
Like by throwing in a buck.
Or a really better answer.
Throw in five bucks.
Throw in a twenty.
And you may get a forty hour recitation.
Nah.
Not that long.
Not forty hour.
But if you do give us.
I thought you were going to go home with them for twenty bucks.
If you give us a genuine, generous donation.
Then you do receive the recitation.
That is true.
Oh, we got one up here already.
We have one already.
That's very good.
You see now it is happening.
And here comes another one.
Yeah, you can just drop them up here.
We usually have a jar to drop them in.
But not this.
It's full of Diet Dr. Pepper.
How could you?
Have you ever done it before?
Yes.
Just stack your.
Now we even have a receptacle.
Thank you so much.
Receptacles are so wonderful.
And for those who do not have pens or pencils.
There are some pens and pencils available on the desktop before me now.
When you're done with that pencil.
Give it to Reverend Pease.
And he'll give it to somebody else.
But if you're done with a pen.
You can give the pen back to me.
Yes, we take pens here.
So shall we start with the first question Dr. Howell?
I believe Anna Mall brought this up here.
And it came with this George.
All right, that's fine.
The question is.
What is the most important color?
Whoa.
What is the most important color?
The question is.
What is the most important color?
And of course.
In the relativism of the spectrum.
Any color.
At any particular time.
Which is needed.
More than any other.
May swell to an unusual importance.
But there are two ways of judging color.
One is as we create it and use it.
The other as it exists in nature's strange laboratory.
In the laboratory of man.
All the colors put together produce black.
First.
Mud.
And then black inky darkness.
But in nature's workshop.
All the colors run together produce white.
Ineffable.
Glorious.
And perfect white.
Since that in a state of nature comprises all colors.
White itself must be counted as the most important color.
Just as you can make all different kinds of ice cream out of vanilla.
Well, there you go.
Thank you.
Vanilla ice cream.
Oh, let's see.
What have we got there?
Yes.
We're still taking questions up up here.
Um, ok, the next question will be, and this comes with a another George.
Oh, circus music.
Well this is a short one.
Let's have it.
Why is Bob and the woodpecker hanging outside of a treebark?

The Bob is in quotes meaning the Bob.
Why is Bob?
Well, Bob is himself a question.
A question which needs to be asked periodically
through lustrums and epicycles of cosmic time.
As we know, there have always been Bobs
and there will always be a Bob.
But this does not touch upon the single essential element,
the why or wherefore of Bob.
Not many people are aware that Bob was known
unto the Church of the Subgenius
before the famous face with the dots and the pipe
which everyone naturally gravitates to
as the idolatrous effigy of Bob.
This face is an artistic approximation
of the actual disturbingly real photograph of Bob.
From that was made the image or glyph of Bob.
You see, because there was a need for Bob,
the face appeared and was given unto us.
Before that, there was a need for something,
an inchoate need for an act of supreme creation,
such as started things in the beginning of the world
when the sons of mourning threw down their spears
and sang and watered heaven with their tears
and took out the garbage.
But now we, the subgeniuses,
have provided the answer to what no one audibly asked for.
And that answer is Bob.
Thank you, Dr. Howell.
Amazing.
Thank you, thank you.
How does he do it?
Now we have a number of these to go through,
so let's keep going.
All right, this one says,
I heard there was a ladies' night.
How do I ladies' night?
How do I ladies' night?
Well, Reverend Stang, what night would that be,
that ladies' night?
What night that this person heard about?
This is Ask Dr. Howell, not Tell Reverend Stang.
Yes, but Reverend Stang is the author of all doctrinal matters and scheduling.
No, I'm just a clerk who writes things down,
because since Bob can't spell very well,
I have no idea myself what the answer to that question is.
The odd thing is that, you know,
this particular X-Day, where all ladies can come for free every night,
is ladies' night here.
So it would be quite fair to say that tonight is ladies' night,
and equally fair to say that tomorrow night is ladies' night.
But the morning after that, none can say.
But how do I ladies' night?
How do I ladies' night?
Let me count the ways.
You, first of all, must not be,
so unsuitable as to attract no ladies into your vicinity.
A sad, lonely, non-lady attempting to have a ladies' night
is a pitiable spectacle indeed.
No, you must not necessarily become a cross-dresser
or have any complicated surgical procedure.
There's no complicated machinery to buy.
You simply need the do-it yourself,
get up and go,
and gumption to ladies' night
until there is no more breath in your body
or willingness to keep trying.
Price Bob.
Here's another question.
I think I know where this came from.
Will there be Bill Clinton pencil sharpeners on the space saucers?
Goes in the mouth, yes.
There will be in one stateroom,
definitely, one stateroom will be wall to wall
undulating, rubbery, Bill Clinton mouth pencil sharpeners,
and on the excess saucer,
one of those Clinton faces will be the actual President Bill Clinton.
There to sharpen your pencil.
So the answer is yes,
but you must make sure that no one else takes the stateroom
which is reserved for you.
Oh, this is a good one.
How stupid do I have to get to be stupider than Bob,
and would that be a profitable endeavor?
Well, it would only be a profitable endeavor
if you were as slackful as Bob.
Otherwise, stupidity is just another barrier added
in an almost impassable labyrinth,
which is sometimes a little bit more difficult.
Sometimes practically impassable.
But Bob, by surfing the luck plane,
is able to have good luck,
and therefore slack for himself.
This doesn't mean that people who intimately associated with Bob
had any good luck or slack on their own.
It may be that the presence of the world's most slackful person
draws all the ambient slack into itself.
So in that case,
you would be stupid to be hanging around Bob
and not voluntarily providing some slack
that will otherwise be leeched from you
by an osmotic process,
which may, as a matter of fact, turn out to be permanent.
Remember, Bob surfs the luck plane effortlessly.
That is part of his special nature.
We can only attempt to imitate him
by being little Bobs, each and every one of us,
and also surfing the luck plane.
But beware, because surfing,
you always wipe out every now and then.
It happens.
You tumble end over end,
you get scrunched on the gravel and sea urchins,
and the board may clobber you,
a shark may come along and take something.
But the point is,
as in the award-winning movie,
you have to get up and do it all over again.
Make the long, effortless surfing passages of luck
outnumber the inconvenient and inevitable wipeouts.
To do it the other way is,
well, in a word, stupid.
Now, this is, I think somebody may have meant this
as a trick question,
if so, I don't think you're going to trick Dr. Howe.
Oh, we get all sorts of trick questions,
and we're used to them, we welcome them.
Can Jesus create a ditch so big he couldn't jump across it?
Somebody out there's going,
Oh, well, anyway, let's have this tricky question.
What species of trilobite was most common
during the Triassic period?
Hmm.
Well, there were great numbers of these three-lobed,
uh, beings,
uh, right up until,
uh, the end of the Paleozoic,
but they're not, uh, known too much
from the Triassic period,
in my understanding.
Uh, nonetheless,
whichever ones may have survived,
which are not, uh, found as fossil forms,
were probably not the hardiest and biggest
and most brutal,

but, uh, in all likelihood,
the most inconspicuous,
who just dug in the, uh, seafloor
and hoped that it would all be over quickly.
Uh, here's one from, uh,
I'm assuming Little Johnny, age six.
Why is it raining?
Well, Johnny,
it can't be sunny all the time,
because then the sun would
scorch the earth,
which would pant and supplicate
the heavens for relief.
Too much solar radiation
is not good for the fallow ground.
Fortunately, there is an atmospheric, uh, phenomenon.
When, uh, the actinic rays of the sun
touch the upper atmosphere,
ozone is created
in the upper atmosphere, a protective layer,
keeping many of the bad rays
and emanations from outer space
from harming kids like you, Johnny,
although they would like to very much.
But why does it rain?
Uh, it is obviously necessary
that it does rain.
Is that sufficient to answer the question?
Otherwise, it has to be said
that here on moist and squashy planet Earth,
the water in the atmosphere
is sometimes high and sometimes low,
sometimes shrouding the mountaintops in clouds
and sometimes flowing in valleys,
in streams, freshets, and waterfalls.
But it exists as a constant.
Water must, uh, flow,
or else it becomes vaporous,
gaseous, and ascends once again to the heaven.
When the waters stop,
it's going to stop flowing,
it's going to stop raining.
And by the way,
how fortunate we are here on our planet
to have had for so long
a huge, leering, giant moon
to take our waters and our tides
and pull them around
and keep the aqueous element of Earth
in constant motion.
Otherwise, we would be,
if we were here at all,
on planet Mudball,
a most uninteresting place by comparison.
Well, we must be on a roll here
because the next question, uh,
that I pulled out of the hat just by coincidence is,
what is Bob weather?
What is Bob weather?
Well, it's, uh, the weather in which
Bob's friends and communicants gather together.
Often it takes a touch of rain in the air
to bring them all here together.
So that they can gather in one inadvertent clench
under a roof,
free from being pelted
by the elements of storm and rain.
In a sense, weather which brings,
which compels subgeniuses together
is better Bob weather
than happy-go-lucky sunny days
of chuckle-headed innocence, uh,
and stupidity.
Yes, uh, the necessity of doing something,
finding shelter, and finding others
is promoted by the best type of weather
which may be called Bob weather.
Praise Bob weather!
Now here's a question that, um,
I have a sad answer to,
but I'm not going to impart it.
So I'll let you answer it.
All right.
The question is,
what is a lavalier?
What is a lavalier?
Hmm, didn't we have this one before?
Uh, well...
Well, time control gone out of control.
Yes, I suppose so.
Well, occasionally from the...
That's a five dollar question, by the way.
Oh, all right.
Well, in that case, I will, uh,
give the short answer and, uh, an involved, uh,
presentation.
So the short answer.
Uh, occasionally when the molten magma
of the underground escapes, uh,
through cracks or fissures into the upper part
of, uh, the geological column,
and in volcanic eruptions,
the, uh, lava, molten rock, uh,
issuing from its point of origin
can cool enough to take on form.
And these, uh, short answers, uh,
sharp lava rocks and forms
are often strangely evocative.
Of course, there is something in the human, uh,
mind, hardwired, I suppose,
that tends to see faces in things.
Like in the bathroom late at night,
you suddenly see faces looking out of the towel there.
Well, so it can be.
So it can be with the productions of inner Earth.
And, uh, I'll tell you, uh,
some of these faces can leer
or look in an unwholesome way upon you.
This, then, I decree to be a lava leer.
Also, it's a kind of lamp.
And now...
Uh...
Uh, unless you have something to add, Stang,
I'll do the rest of the question.
I was, uh, looking for a lava leer microphone to display.
It failed me yesterday.
But for some reason you couldn't find it, eh?
It's just as well. I shouldn't...
I shouldn't mess with it.
It, uh, ruined a perfectly good one-hour-long shot
that I worked really hard to get.
Oh, that's terrible.
No more lava leers on my iPhone for me.
It may turn up, at any rate.
What, the soundtrack that's missing?
Oh, no, the lava leer microphone.
Right. No, I don't care about the microphone.
I just wish I had the...
what the microphone was supposed to be.
Turn the, uh, turn the music down a little,
and I will do this.
Oh.
Now, Plato, uh, spoke of a great, uh, country,
or continent.
Actually, it was an archipelago
beyond the Pillars of Hercules,
which sank, not overnight,
but, uh, eventually was entirely gone.
First, uh, an archipelago, then fewer islands,
and then the main island, part of it subsided.
The capital moved to that final island,
which Plato called Atlantis.
But...
But its residents called it Poseidonus.
It was sacred to the god Poseidon,
the god of the oceans and the god of thunder and earthquakes.
And this is of an Atlantean god,
not even a major one,
the god Ugabalus.
In below, lost Poseidonus,
I was the god Ugabalus.
My three horns were of similor
above my double diadem.
My one eye was a moon-wan gem
found in a monstrous meteor.
Incredible far peoples came,
called by the thunders of my fame,
and fleetly passed my terraced throne,
where titan pards and lions stood
as pours a never-lapsing flood,
before the wind of winter blown.
Before me, many a chorister
made offering of alien, myrrh,
and copper-bearded sailors,
brought from isles of ever-foaming seas,
enormous lumps of amber grease,
and corals intricately wrought.
Below my glooming architraves,
one brown eternal light,
a final file of slaves,
came in from mines of Chalcedon,
and camels from the long plateaus
set down their sard and peridots,
their incense and their cinnamon.
But now within my sunken walls
the slow blind ocean serpent crawls,
and sea-worms are my ministers,
and wandering fishes pass me now,
or press before mine eyeless brow
as once the thronging worshippers.
Thank you for your question.
Oh, he got it!
You just made that up off the top of your head.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Clark Ashton Smith is the author.
Oh.
Um...
Here's a one dollar question
that is lettered so professionally
I can hold it up and everyone can see.
Wow, beautiful!
Look at that shadow lettering.
Isn't that great?
How come,
cum being spelled C-U-M,
How come?
That is short and parsimonious.
How come?
Some genius want cum.
Didn't have full length to write full letter,
but no doubt does better in private.
So,
uh,
the answer,
how cum is easily answered.
Cause.
I'd buy that for a dollar.
Oh, here's another five dollar one.
Five bucks?
All right, thank you.
We will accept it.
Well, good one for five bucks.
What is, quote,
the best poem, unquote?
The best poem.
Uh, the best poem is appropriate for,
the what moment.
Some poems are inappropriate for the moment.

uh,
some poems are nomic.
They contain advice.
Uh, they contain sayings and aphorisms.
They're usually liked by little old ladies.
They're the poems of Prudence Strong and Ella Wheeler Wilcox and so forth.
Uh,
others are just rants,
uh,
by people who feel they have received insufficient,
uh,
insufficient attention.
But,
the best poem is one which simply has to be born.
And then,
is.
Which seems to take on a life of its own,
particularly when other people pick it up.
But some of the admonitory ones,
and even some of the fooling around ones,
are also worthy of attention,
and may ultimately emerge as among the best.
Oh, you got.
Boing.
Boing, boing.
Here's a two dollar question.
Which is better?
Boing,
or boing,
and whys?
Why,
with an S at the end.
Whys.
W-H-Y-S.
And the various whys.
There's more than one why in the question,
or syllogism.
Which is better,
boing,
or boing,
or boing,
or boing,
or boing,

or boing,
or boing,
or boing,
or boing,





or boing,
or boing,

So in essence,
when an admonition fails for simplicity,
people would expect to have a lot ofונ

and much upper紛
anybody's
But there is a vibration on top of a vibration, and that is what produces the boing sound, an extended boing.
It's not the boing of a spring, but the boing of vibration itself in the air, dwindling and dying away.
And so, which suits the mood better?
The expression of swiftness and movement, or the tintinabulation of sound, dropping, passing, musically away?
It is the difference between direct action and the aesthetic pleasure one takes in one's environment.
The push and the pull, the figure and the ground.
Which one is better?
Depends upon where you are and who you are.
Well, well, well.
If only we had the Feast of the Vampire Leprechauns radio play, which we were making years ago,
when Puzzling Evidence said he would transfer the material onto tapes and took it,
and never gave it back.
Twenty years ago, all the work we did, it's in his maze of tapes and so on.
Every time a vampire leprechaun lept on someone, there would be a boing sound effect,
and it was painful and lengthy to add these to the mix.
But perhaps someday it shall emerge in some form among his dusty chest of reel-to-reel tapes.
How can music be employed in the art of...
Mind Control?
How can music be employed in the art of mind control?
Some people would say the CIA worked on that hard.
Well, first of all, our bullying army plays obnoxious music when it's surrounding people.
That's now part of their bag of tricks.
And getting people to give up is a brutal form of mind control, but it is a form of mind control.
But otherwise...
Otherwise, the soul, through its mind and its ears, seeks harmony.
And once it has it, it is inclined to relax a little bit, and not be so much upon its guard.
Of course, it must be calculated for an individual taste.
Not every soul responds in the same way.
This is why for mass crowd control, this has never proved...
...exceptionally efficacious.
But I recommend all short story reading fans to a story called The Supremacy of Uruguay.
Do you know it, Stan?
No.
By E.B. White, I think.
When, to describe it very quickly, the Uruguayan ambassador in New York is in a crowd...
...and there's some singer outside with a microphone singing some stupid love song...
...and the crowd...
...is swaying back and forth, and he's caught in it, and he comes out of it, and he realizes...
...while that was happening, I kind of lost my mind, and I would have done anything anyone suggested.
So he hurried back to Uruguay, and that nation was soon equipped with a fleet of airplanes...
...with giant loudspeakers, which flew over the other countries with giant amplified versions...
...of the stupid sound of the loud singer.
Thanks for...
...unforgettable nights I never can replace, and so forth.
And pretty soon, everyone was absolutely crazy.
At the moment, the planes passed over.
And Uruguay moved in, but the conquest was not fun, because all of the idiots swaying back and forth...
...to the lounge music they could only hear were supremely happy...
...and didn't even come out and try to fight the Uruguayans with some quaint, easily defeated maneuvers.
...and they were not even able to get out of the lounge.
I hope that answers your question.
I thought it was that the CIA invented the Beatles and Frank Zappa, and that was to mind-control the kids.
Well, that's because the Beatles announced that they were agnostics. Agnostics!
Well, here's another... well, oh no. I was going to say it was music-related, not necessarily.
Dr. Howell, and look at this letter in here.
Beautiful letter.
Came with two dollars.
Dr. Howell, what is your...
...favorite frequency in the electromagnetic spectrum?
And the word electromagnetic actually has little sparks coming off of it.
Hmm. Well...
Favorite frequency.
Would you say about 60 hertz, Stang, would be a good one, you know?
It hurts me sometimes.
It's that 60-cycle hum.
Sometimes we don't care to hear that hum, because it means not all is well in our snake-like nests.
It's the nests of cables and electronic gadgets.
But on the other hand, it has been shown to soothe the savage beast, prisoners and others with too much time on their hands.
It's almost akin to the principle of white noise.
So I'd put it down at 60 hertz.
I have a filter to get rid of those 60 hertz doses. It doesn't work very well.
Was this a single submission here?
No.
Those are two different two-dollar ones.
Okay. You're spared the recitation.
Here is a question. Is Wilfred Brimley still alive?
No.
Wilfred.
Yes, Wilfred Brimley. Everybody's favorite old geezer.
I think he was contaminated by investigating the thing in the Antarctic, wasn't he?
So I don't believe he is still alive.
But everyone remembers his emotionally freighted dissection.
The thing was a wonderful piece of cinema acting.
Which immediately absolves him from all those cute grandpa parts he played in other movies.
Praise Wilfred.
You mentioned Wilfred at a previous Ex Day when I talked about learning to ride your bicycle.
Perhaps you don't remember the occasion.
Perhaps I don't.
Well, it's all recorded.
Here's a one-dollar question. What is Dr. Hal?
Dr. Hal is a stage name and presence invented by Chicken John Rinaldi in 1998
at the Burning Man Arts Festival where he created an installation,
which was actually the start of all these shows.
Since then, I...
Dr. Hal and I have been doing them.
That year, I...
Some of us here have been to Burning Man and have seen it.
Along the Esplanade, which is the inner street before the great open area
that contains the Colossus of the Burning Man itself,
there are often many beautiful attractions, buildings, cathedrals, mosques, temples, things set up.
There was a tree with...
The trees were...
Flames came out of the end of the branches by night and water by day,
and people walked around underneath it getting wet.
There was a mosque with shining, glowing domes.
Yes.
Everything was lovely on the Esplanade except what Chicken built, which was the ugliest eyesore.
You can imagine a huge, horrible, gigantic pair of sagging buttocks with hairs and bandages and pimples.
Furthermore...
ridiculous...
It fell down several times during construction
and got even more ugly-looking before it was put up.
Inside this they put me, Dr. Howland Owl,
and I, the Wizard of Ass, would answer their questions
once they were impelled to walk along the yellow brick road up to it
and be hectored for a while by chicken.
Then, when I answered, a bass rumbling would come out of the machine
and sheets of fire would shoot up from the ground
and a long blast of blue flame would shoot out from between the fesses or cheeks.
And this, despite its ugliness that we were all ashamed of,
except Chicken, who didn't care,
this was an incredible success.
And from then on, we've done a less spectacular version of the show,
but we brought in more people and we have more gags,
we have all sorts of stuff going on.
Incidentally, they said,
set it on fire with me inside it against all the rules of Burning Man.
But I got out, as you can see.
And then they came and said,
you're not supposed to burn things unauthorized.
And he said, yeah, yeah, what can you do?
People are supposed to be 300 feet back from anything that's set on fire.
And he said, well, we're 300 chicken feet back from it.
So, do you have another one?
Yeah, yeah.
And this is a pretty,
good question.
In fact, it has two question marks at the end.
What does Bob need our money for?
Bob needs people who are willing to give money.
Yes, just as I, Dr. Howland Owl,
need questions that are sponsored with money.
Otherwise, I fear that they are not important to you.
If you pay for them and how much you pay for them,
signifies that they are of some significance to you.
And stimulate me to spend more time and effort in answering them.
Bob, of course, spends no effort on anything.
But he doesn't want people to think that his church is worthless
and easy to acquire for a song,
but rather something that is like the tchotchkes he used to sell
on his original sales route,
something that he could get people to want.
Thank you.
Here's a question.
This one is signed by the person asking,
what is so infra about infrared?
And this is signed, Reverend Crimsoniculus.
So I can see why Reverend Crimsoniculus
might want to know about infrared.
Yes, he wants to go farther than the usual red
to be perhaps the king crimson, eh?
Yes.
Yes.
Towering.
Dr. Dark isn't here.
So human eyes can see a wonderful range of the spectrum,
but they can't see everything.
And certain other creatures in the continuum have us outclassed,
like the giant squid, Architeuthis dux,
which can see into the infrared and ultraviolet.
So can the colossal squid, certain types of octopi,
and many other species?

While most spiders have poor vision
and their eyes are unfocused light spots,
the salticidae, or jumping spiders,
have excellent vision, which is binocular and triangulated.
And why not?
They have to jump on their prey,
so they have to know where it is.
They, it is said, have one of the clearest focuses
in the animal kingdom.
But do we need to see the infrared?
We haven't until now.
But if we leave our own planet and get into circumstances
where it is of vital importance to detect epiphenomena,
which may have some bearing on our lives or their remainder,
we will either use extrasomatic methods, as we do today,
or inculcate them ourselves, not even voluntarily,
but through an evolutionary path.
Or,
extended by perverted science,
we will give evolution a helping hand.
And this is the last one in the...
The last question.
And I wasn't pre-sorting these.
This is a good last question for the last X-Day.
Okay.
It's part question, part exclamation.
Okay, sure.
This time,
for sure?
Yes!
This time, for sure!
This time, for sure?
Why, sure?
For sure, this time.
Yes, sure, this time, for sure.
Sure, you can be of this time.
As sure as any time.
As other times.
The other times are gone.
But we have this one left to burn.
Yes, this time, you can be a sure of.
And let's hope that the right event takes place during that gift of time.
You're waiting, and I am also waiting.
I await the answer as easily as you to that one.
But as for the time, sure, it is given unto us.
To you and to me.
I will close with the final recitation.
And thanks very much for Ask Dr. Howell.
Don't forget that the Bulldada auction will swiftly follow like the wings of the curse of ancient Egypt.
And now, the final recitation is a poem called Buick.
Did I credit that last one, by the way?
I can't even remember what the last one was.
I tend to forget them as soon as I say them, so I don't know what it was.
I think you did.
I did, good.
Okay, well, now this poem I'll pre-credit.
It's by Carl Shapiro, an American poet.
And he was so delighted when he got, he started making some money,
and he got his brand new car.
He got a brand new blue Buick.
And in those days, the 1950s, cars seemed to have a big face on the front.
A big grill.
They seemed to be grinning.
And those Buicks had a row of holes along the side.
Perhaps some of you remember them.
Those little holes, they were called by Detroit, cruiser line venti ports, if that has any significance.
So, let me quickly end this by the poem Buick by Carl Shapiro.
As a sleuth, I was a slave.

A sloop with a sweep of immaculate wing on her delicate spine.
And a keel as steel as a root which holds in the sea as she leans.
Leaning and laughing, my warm-hearted beauty.
You ride, you ride.
You tack on the curves with parabola speed.
And a kiss of goodbye.
As a thoroughbred sloop, my new high-spirited spirit, my kiss.
As my foot suggests that you leap in the air with your hips of a girl.
My finger that praises your wheel and announces your voices of song.
Flouncing your skirts, you blueness of joy.
You flirt of politeness.
You leap, you intelligence.
Essence of wheelness with silvery nose.
And your platinum clocks of excitement.
Stir like the hairs of a fox.
And your fern.
But how alien you are from the booming belts of your birth.
And the smoke when you turned on the stinging lathes of Detroit.
And Lansing at night.
And shrieked at the torch in your secret parts.
And the amorous tests.
But now with your eyes that enter the futures of roads you forget.
You are all instinct.
With your phosphorus glow.
And your streaking hair.
And now that we stop, it is not as the bird from the shell that I leave.
Or the leathery pilot who steps from his bird with a sneer of delight.
And not as the ignorant beast do you squat and watch me depart.
But with exquisite breathing you smile.
With satisfaction of love.
And I touch you again as you tick in the silence and settle in sleep.
Thank you.
There's a man who stands ten thousand feet tall.
In suits made of the finest materials from beyond the stars.
He has a wooden pipe emitting from a grin of the sharpest teeth you've ever seen.
And inside of it burns the souls of the damned.
He lumbers at you seeking out for the little bits of pocket lint and change that you have.
And when he comes around the corner to greet you, you better hope that you're on his side.
Cause buddy, you'll be going down.
Bob! He's such a badass!
I really wish he could show me how to be strong and macho like him.
I wish he could teach me how to finish my vegetables.
And how to do my laundry without getting those little spots underneath the collar.
I wish that my socks wouldn't stand up straight after just one day of wearing them.
You know, I gotta get these stains off of my bed sheets.
Maybe Bob could teach me how to do that too.
Maybe Bob can help me quit smoking.
Or start smoking.
Or finish drinking.
Or begin drinking.
Maybe Bob can open up new doorways to dimensions that we can't even perceive.
An eternal void of slack that we are living on.
Now on a mudball planet called Earth.
In a conspiracy year far off of a calendar that can even be believed by anybody on this planet for more than one moment.
Astounds me that anyone is willing to believe that what is happening right now is not true.
These are the facts.
These are your missions that you must adhere to.
The book of the subgenius is your guide.
Staple it to your hip and never leave home without it.
Pamphlets, they're still only one dollar.
You can trade it with your friends that you watch bug porn with.
You can trade it with your friends that you still prop from.
You can trade it with people who don't have anything else to give.
Bob.
He's got divine powers or some shit.
I don't know.
I never met the guy.
I just keep getting told about how much better it's going to be.
Don't worry Reverend Fox.
Bob won't let you down again.
You won't have to keep driving across the country to meet a bunch of weirdos on a parking lot full of naked freaks for a week.
You won't have to endure any of those beautiful drugs.
You won't have to be harassed by any of those wonderful uber-femmes.
You won't have to put up with it anymore.
No, we'll take all of it away for you Reverend Fox.
We'll take it away from you if you come do what we want you to do.
You know it wasn't very long ago.
That I had a job.
We know what those are.
That time of the day that you have to spend in between doing what you want to be doing and doing what you want to be doing.
Jobs are just a way that the conspiracy is trying to fool you.
That you have to put in some sort of effort before you're allowed to take anything away.
But they keep taking.
And taking.
And they say to me, Reverend Fox.
We think that you're a pretty nice guy, but you know.
You could just do a little bit better.
I wish that we could clone you.
So we could have more workers like you.
So what we'd like to do is to take you to the police station.


And what we'd like to do is give you an opportunity.
We're going to have you do more work for the same amount of money.
And I said, gee, I don't know.
That doesn't sound like such a great opportunity.
And I swear to Bob Dobbs himself that day.
The people of this corporation handed me information.
That I could use to obtain psychological counseling.
Take these pills, Reverend Fox.
They'll make it all so much easier.
You can come to work every day.
And everything will be fine.
You won't worry about waiting until Friday to wear your Bob t-shirts.
You won't have to worry about not getting that last donut from the tray.
You won't have to worry about giving up everything that you have for us.
And that's when I told them.
That's when I told them.
The two most sacred words any subgenius lips can utter.
I quit.
And I left.
And I'm still gone.
And now I'm at X Day.
With you.
You lucky, lucky subgeniuses you.
No one's going to have a job Tuesday night.


No one.
No one.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
In both of those 19X Day rants by Reverend Argus Fox of Hypercube,
the guitar was by Reverend Angry Larry and it was Lord Rock God on Drums.
For free information, see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob!
Oh, yes, I almost forgot.
Uh...friends.
Friends, are you a subgenius minister yet?
Have you joined the Church of the Subgenius?
And by that I mean actually sent in your $35 payable by PayPal or credit card on subgenius.com
where it says become an ordained minister or where it says stores.
And even if you have, do you have your well-made Bob t-shirt from anticonformity.com?
Do you have your Arise DVD?
Sure, you can watch it on the internet, but it's not the same.
And it isn't the same.
It hasn't been kissed by the lips of Princess Wee who kisses every copy of Arise that goes out.
And I sign every copy of Book of the Subgenius.
How about that?
You can still get those from us.
But yes, the $35 for the minister's pack, you really ought to think about it, folks.
You don't have to meet any subgeniuses ever, but you will have that option.
You can't come to X Day unless you're a member.
You can't go to the members only kind of smarty pants internet forum called Scrub Genius.
I do a lot more there than on Facebook.
Because Facebook is just a bunch of gimme bobs.
People who can't even spell Bob's name right.
Do you know that Princess Wee?
They can't even spell Bob's name right half of them.
They leave off the quotes.
Oh yeah, gimme bobs.
You can tell.
It's so easy to tell.
Anyway, friends, we'll be back next week with more X Day recordings and hopefully with the lonesome cowboy.
Hopefully he won't be lonesome next week.
I'll see you next week.


I'll see you next week.
And we'll see you next time.
Good night, and praise Bob.
YAYAYAYAYA!
