But a fundamental part of the American way is our system.
With your permission, we'd like to talk shop for just a moment.
Radio shop.
Recently, one of the foremost publications in the broadcasting field
polled five critics and editors.
The question, which radio network programs do you rate tops?
When the answers from these five experts were tabulated,
the final ratings were radio programs.
Let's put it another way.
The Self Genius Power of Swatch.
And now, listen in.
KKK.com.
Thank you very much.
Look what I found.
Come here.
What is it?
It looks like a well.
Well, I think it's an air shaft, but undoubtedly it will lead us somewhere.
Probably to the...
The Self Genius Power of Swatch.
Well then, what are we waiting for?
Come on.
Fight on a blackboard with your neck.
That was the major problem with Mr. Tulip, he thought,
as they made their way to the ground.
It wasn't...
It wasn't that he had a drugs habit.
He wanted to have a drugs habit.
What he had was a stupidity habit,
which cut in whenever he found anything being sold in little bags.
And this had resulted in Mr. Tulip seeking heaven
in flour, salt, baking powder, and pickled beef sandwiches.
In a street where 30 people were selling
clang, slip, chop, rhino, skunk, triplin, floats, honk,
double honk, gongers, and slack,
Mr. Tulip had an unerring way of finding the man
who was retailing curry powder
at what worked out as $600 a pound.
It was so ing embarrassing.
Currently, he was experimenting with the whole range
of recreational chemicals available to Ankh-Morpork's troll population,
because at least when dealing with trolls,
Mr. Tulip had a moderate chance of outsmarting somebody.
In theory, slab and honk shouldn't have any effect on the human body,


the brain, apart from maybe dissolving it.
Mr. Tulip was hanging in there.
He'd tried normality once, and hadn't liked it.
President Bush is trapped inside a basement,
looking a little dazed,
only having sex with Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld,
a little more drilling for immoral purposes,
ooooh, I'm not sad about having sex,
President Bush is 100% fool,
he has botched the operation in Iraq,
oh really, sorry,
murder, rape,
Bush specified that he has seen firsthand,
the war on error,
we're really sorry,
Rumsfeld said he intends to serve the President at his pleasure,
it would be like a merry-go-round,
first degree murder charges are likely,
good morning,
apologize for lying about having sex standing up,
it was all a lie,
sexual relations with
oddwadwadwad
has his
oddwad
continue the lie,
sexual abuse,
sneezing and coughing,
I am finding students on college campuses,
I am aware that police attempted to enter those rooms,
and I am now about to leave this news conference to learn the whole story.
What's this thing all about?
I don't know.
Well, then why did...
No, I guess...
How long ago?
Oh, I don't know, I wouldn't know about that.
Well, what's your...
Ohio, Cleveland, Ohio.
You notice that smell?
Yeah, I think I do.
I don't think that's any of your business.
Are you suggesting that prawns could travel by semaphore?
said the chief priest.
I suppose you might be able to flick them from...
I was endeavoring to point out the fact that information is also bought and sold,
said Lord Vetinari,
and also that what was once considered impossible is now quite easy.
Kings and lords come and go and leave nothing but statues in the desert,
while a couple of young men tinkering in a workshop change the way the world works.
He walked over to a table on which was spread out a map of the world.
It was a workman's map.
That is to say, it was a map used by someone who needed to refer to it a lot.
It was covered with notes and markers.
We've always looked beyond the walls for the invaders, he said.
We always thought change would come from outside.
I don't know.
Usually on the point of a sword.
And then we look around and find that it comes from the inside of the head of someone you wouldn't notice in the street.
In certain circumstances it may be convenient to remove the head,
but there seem to be such a lot of them these days.
He gestured towards the busy map.
A thousand years ago we thought the world was a bowl, he said.
Five hundred years ago we knew it was a globe.
Today we know it is flat and round and carried through space on the back of a turtle.
He turned and gave the high priest another smile.
Don't you wonder what shape it will turn out to be tomorrow?
But a family trait of all the red colours was not to let go of a thread until you've unravelled the whole garment.
Besides, they had these little pincer things, you know, and would probably hang on like...
What do?
Prawns! They'd hang on to...
You are taking them!
You are taking me rather too literally, Your Reverence, said Vetinari sharply.
Oh!
I was merely endeavouring to indicate that if we do not grab events by the collar they will have us by the throat.
It'll end in trouble, my lord, said Ridcully.
He'd found it a good general comment in practically any debate.
Besides, it was so often true.
Lord Vetinari sighed.
In my experience practically everything does, he said.
That is the nature of things.
All we can do is sing as we go.
You'd better pray to the Lord when you see those flying saucers.
It may be the coming of the judgment day.
It's a sign there's no doubt of the trouble that's about.
So I say, my friends, you'd better start to pray.
They're a terrifying sight.
As they fly on day and night.
It's a warning that with better men our way.
You'd better pray to the Lord when you see those flying saucers.
It may be the coming of the judgment day.
Ah, yes, dear friend, and the judgment day is definitely on its way.
It's an old-fashioned radio devival.
An old-fashioned radio ministry, friends.
We're live in the studio this year because Bob has blessed us.
Blessed us, friends.
And friends, you know what?
It's been all reruns for so long.
But it's fresh and new now because Bob let us finish the book, the new bauble, you might say.
It's done, friends.
The bauble-ogre-phon.
Did you say the bauble?
It's done?
It's done, Reverend Bleepa.
Reverend Bleepo, it's done.
The Hour of Slack is going to bring you something new.
Hey, that sounds familiar.
Say that again.
The Hour of Slack is going to bring you something new.
I could swear that that sounds familiar.
Like I've heard you somehow before say...
Say what?
I'm not saying anything.
The Hour of Slack.
No, no, you have to say the whole thing.
Wait a minute. Take two.
That was me?
Yeah, take two.
Try.
Try.
Try.
The subgenius Hour of Slack.
Yes.
And Reverend Bleepo Abernathy is in the studio.
And a special guest star, Reverend Baz Otherwise.
Famed for being one of the only girls on Alt.Slack.
Indeed.
And rumored to be the actual daughter of the Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
Could it be true?
The truth may or may not be revealed during this broadcast.
You mean those things reproduce?
What things reproduce?
Those subgenius things.
This is a much older one.
Those subgenius things, they reproduce?
They're not reproduced?
The first issuance you had was Barbara...
What was her name again?
Oh, Billingsley.
Barbara Billingsley.
That didn't work out at all.
As the beaver.
We had to reverse that whole thing.
And I had to go back in time and then I was reborn in 1958.
And then my daughter was born in 1988.
Is that so?
But she wasn't Barbara Billingsley.
No, no.
And that wasn't really my daughter.
Barbara Billingsley was, let's just say, somebody else's daughter at some point in time.
I'm not going to...
Look, you told us not to...
She was not Baz Otherwise!
Who was in the studio!
Say hello, Baz!
Hello.
Is it alright to ask how she feels about this abject finger-pointing, the blame-calling, the slandering?
She's not related to this.
I don't refer to it as that.
Person.
It was all very scientific and done with great research and alacrity.
And this was something we actually knew was going to happen back in 1964, I believe, when I was by a swimming pool in Tarrytown, New York.
I remember.
I recall the dream that I had had the previous evening.
What a dream it was.
Yes, yes.
And we knew that the young people of today then...
Well, no.
Then we knew that the young people of now, which is now...
Which is not the current era.
Not the 20th century, but the 21st century.
We would need 21st century subgeni to carry the word further, even before we even knew it existed.
But they're not the old people now.
They're not currently the old people who are the young people now.
These are the people of tomorrow.
These are the people who...
These are the tomorrow people!
Because the young people of today are the old people of tomorrow.
And we need old drooling subgeniuses around the year 2080.
Dick Cheney Drools.
Yes, well, beyond Dick Cheney's drooling, it's important that the young people of today be aware of other things.
The great Dada tradition that is not a part of the tradition.
And not only the Dada, but the Bull Dada.
The Bull.
Now, you boys go ahead and stand closer together.
Now, don't be shy.
Don't be shy.
Come on now.
You saw Brokeback Mountain.
Everything's cool.
I can feel his foot.
It's all hairy.
He's got a great hairy foot.
I mean, for a man his size, it's huge.
It means that it's very fuzzy.
Well, it's legendary actually in these parts.
But, you know, if they was part of the other one before that...
The legendary feet!
What's most important is that there's a new...
Yes, yes.
There's a new tome that the Reverend Stang has completed.
Well, with the help of 640 artists.
No, actually there's 690 art pieces.
Art pieces.
Yes.
There were some blind artists which you included in your tome, weren't there?
We had...
The subgenius artists are blind and yet they draw the coolest pictures because Bob gots
their hand!
And their actual blood is used in the printing ink.
Oh, he's got cramp from doing that.
Don't get the cramps.
But their actual blood is used in the printing ink for these editions.
It's like Michael Tangelo.
They're blind and they use your blood.
Yep.
Some of it is turtle blood as was demonstrated by Terry Pratchett in the previous lecture.
That's right.
By the way, we should give credit there.
Those two things that sounded like British people reading were from the audiobook of
The Truth by Terry Pratchett, my Shorterpersav of the last six months.
But I'm telling you, I'm telling you, there's a reemergence, Reverend Stang.
I'm sensing a reemergence amongst the people of the world.
It's coming out.
I sense...
You see, there have been all these false sightings.
There have been things like the oblongs with the dad without the arms who is clearly ripped
off.
I will say this without hesitation.
The insight false smiling Bob.
What do you call those cartoons?
The cartoons?
Oh, yes.
Princess Wee and I came up with an acronym.
These so-called cartoons that totally torn the word of Bob asunder and then got it wrong.
I'm sorry.
Can I say that?
They've got it wrong.
C-C-A-R-T-O.
It's cartoons with two Cs.
It stands for Cable Comedies Adored Religiously by Timid Overweight Oldies.
The older nerds.
Praise the older nerds.
The writers of which are no doubt.
No doubt.
Those bastards.
May I say bastards?
Yes.
You may.
You may.
Those bastards are listening to us right now and making what we're saying into their
next so-called adult cartoon.
Could I just say one thing also?
I think this goes...
This is way beyond plagiarism.
I think what they're doing in connection with our government, releasing these statements
and encrypted in different ways.
Yes.
And reprinted and turned around and the next thing you know, you've got a millions, millions
of millions of these people not only misinformed but as dangerous as a loaded gun.
Well, they think it's a coded message that they're hearing in the cartoon.
They watch the cartoon and they think, hey, there's the coded message just for me.
They're ready to act anymore.
Yeah, but really all it makes them do is it makes them go out and buy more of that Coca-Cola
with the...
Well, and now...
What should they be buying?
Could some hear the message?
It's only October.
Yeah.
I think they should be buying the way they're doing it in the pop media.
Yup.
And the truly attuned visionaries know that the voices on the TV and the voices...
Are talking to them.
... are talking to them.
Yeah, this one's for you.
That one right there.
They played that song at that exact time in order to clench for sure the message that
you should take up that weapon and do that horrible deed that was going through your head.
You know who we're talking to and that's you.
Yeah.
You know we're talking to you.
You've been waiting for this command.
You creep, creep, psycho.
Yeah.
Listener, we love you, listeners.
Your aluminum foil hat won't protect you now.
Yeah, the aluminum foil hat.
Yeah, what he said.
Yeah, me too.
Now that I'm firmly aligned with the Illuminati, I think it's important that the work from within begun, you know, in earnest back in 1953.
That's right.
Yeah.
The church began in 19—Bob originally started preaching in 1953.
Yeah, and I think it's time that this is when the very head of Dobbs itself will rip—will start to actually rip through screens and burn itself on screens.
And people will have it on their HDTV screens that they paid $500.
You know, I actually have a Windows screen that has a miraculous Dobbs head that appeared on it sort of in dust and dead bug parts.
Yeah, well, see—
You think he thinks I'm—
I'm kidding.
I'm not making that up.
I have a photograph.
There have been sightings and there have been actual physical appurtenance appearances.
Dobbs, can I speak to Dobbs directly through this radio show for once?
He's speaking directly to you.
How could I stop you?
Okay.
All right.
Look, Bob, you said it a long time ago.
You said that it was going to take a whole lot longer than we ever imagined, and it was going to hurt a lot.
And, Bob, I just want you to know that you were right.
That it's taking a—
It's taking a really, really long time.
And it's very painful.
And I guess we got a few more—
We got, like, 7,000 more years or something.
Or more legions.
Or 6,000 and change until 86—
6,000 and change.
86, 61.
Well, now, that's just one theory.
X-Day could be tomorrow, my friend.
X-Day could be any moment.
X-Day could be awaiting us as soon as we leave this radio station.
X-Day, friend—
Why look over that cloud?
It's X-Day's waiting for us.
Why look over that cloud?
It could be as soon as we leave this radio station.

Why look over that cloud?
If you've been checking for X-Day on the roof of your mouth,
you may find Bob there.
X-Day could be tomorrow morning on your way to work.
Your car could be unmanned.
You could be unmanned even if you're not in a car.
Even if you're not a man.
Some people have DNA that's self-scarifying.
You wake up in the morning and your mouth is a vessel of lies.
It all depends on whether you've paid your dues unto Bob.
And we can't go into that in too much detail on this public-supported radio station.
And we can't go into that in too much detail on this public-supported radio station.
And we can't go into that in too much detail on this public-supported radio station.
Because that would be doing the public too much good to save your soul.
No, you can't do the public any good.
Or what you think of as a soul.
No, no, those who do the public good, well, we know what to do with them.
Those who actually accomplish something that's positive, well,
we don't want them to stick around too long.
Or if they do, well, we're going to make sure they have so much money
and so many drugs that they're hopelessly inebriated to the point
where they can't spread their message any further.
We have a list.
We're just going down, checking one off.
Like Santa Claus would.
We look at each name once or twice.
Much like the anti-Santa Claus, you might say.
Anti-Claus, yes.
Yes, Bob taketh away and Bob taketh away.
Yes.
Now, I just came across something in the galleys for the new bookstang.
Yes, we have brought the home-printed copy of the new subgenius book.
It's pretty frightening.
It's pretty overwhelming.
Oh, my God!
There's things here that no one has ever seen.
Let's see.
Okay.
First of all, I never knew about his utility belt.
Dobbs' utility belt?
Yeah, I did.
There's a lot of unusual stories about Bob's life.
Possibly apocryphal.
That one's for real.
Could you please read for the listeners here what the contents of Bob's utility belt are, please?
First, a combination atomic bomb slash blaster.
A blowgun clipped to his belt.
Okay.
A gun that shot tiny knives.
Okay.
A sword that was both a flamethrower and a mace dispenser.
Right.
An ICBM that released five million rubber-tipped darts.
Wow, five million, friends.
Five million.
Five million.
A bomb that ejected thousands of those snake springs they put in gag candy canisters.
This is in 1953, he had this.
High technology.
And poot bombs.
Yes, and now we don't even need that.
First of all, friends...
Oh, we always need poot bombs.
I think we can talk about this now.
You told me not to talk about this, but I'm going to talk about this thing.
It's about the light.
Okay?
Now, many people have talked about how, you know, there's a light at the end of the tunnel, etc., etc., etc.
But, well, you know, in the Scientology church, at the very, very highest levels, there's this whole thing about the thetans and all that,
and we're not supposed to talk about that either because they get upset.
At least reportedly.
This is what I've heard.
I'm not going to say that the Scientologists actually do this.
I just heard a story that they did.
I'll let you guess.
I've heard that.
Similar kind of thing.
I'm just saying.


It's actually a faint answer.
You know, but what actually happens is beyond FROP, at the very, very highest levels of subgenius...
Slack awareness.
Slack awareness is the actual ability...
Well, first, you start out smoking light.
Light itself.
You learn how to smoke it, and then it gets to the point where you don't even have to smoke it anymore.
You just look at a light, even a light in the sky, a light bulb, and you get off.
You're there.
You're there.
You're there.
That's why Bob says, give me a light.
Is that okay?
Did I tell that just now?
Yeah, Bob.
Well, that's, yeah, that's some of the new revelations that are included in this book.
These are the ones that happen to be included with the, between the lines.
Really?
I thought I just made that up.
You mean there are actually people or subgenius...
Well, the book changes from moment to moment.
Well, that's exactly it.
I got that from just from glancing through the book.
I figured that out.
But they look at light and become not only inebriated, but they...
No, they smoke light.
They smoke the light, but they start out...
But then they...
But then they...
They start out smoking it.
But then once you've adjust, once you've learned how it feels to use light that way,
then you can do it simply by looking at it.
This is not for young people, Baz.
This is not for you.
Just the smell of light will be enough to get you all...
Exactly.
Or even somebody saying...
The third nostril...
Certain types of light.
Just saying the word, light.
See?
See?
It happened to him.
Yep.
Well, I've started young.
Wow.
See, I think, I think Stang's in on it.
He always pretends he's not in on it.


That's what they call him.
He's a...
Photon huffers.
He's a...
He always comes out with the really...
They're starting to rebel against you.
...the really upper echelons.
I really do.
Oh, of course.
Yeah.
Look at the...
He's always saying, oh, I'm just a scribe.
Look at the alien vertebrae behind there.
Look at the other side of his chair.
What do you think we do at the Bohemian Grove?
We don't drink.
Okay.
No, we...
We light up.
We light...
We light...
We light...

You know, when the...
It's better than Batman.
That's it.
It's better than Batman.
We take that...
The phrase, hey, lighten up, man.
We literally...
Our bodies become suffused with light energy.
Empowered, as we are, by Satan, the god of all evil and darkness.
Oh, is that it?

You didn't tell me that.
Yeah, yeah.
Actually, I didn't know that until this kook on the internet informed us that we were all Satanists.
Not only that.
Get this.
We're Satanists and we're Freemasons and we're Jews and we're gay.
We're Christians, right?
Well, that explains everything.
So, this...
So, that just brings us all around...
And then we're white again and then we're everything, is really what it is.
Well, that's kind of what it is.
It's when you're...
Because we're Christians.
We're also straight.
That many things...
I know for a fact that we're also straight.
It all blurs together and it's like Bob is the combination of all good and all bad.
Well, Bob is the composite erasure.
Because we're also, as we know, we are saints, we are popes, we are martyrs, we are visionaries.
Have you cleared this one of the Unitarians?
We're white popes.
We're small...
I don't know.
We are epoptics in our own small way.
We cannot be Bob.
Right.
We cannot even be like Bob, but we can follow in the wake of his luck plane as he churns
through the oceans of the great score of all the Akashic records.
We can kind of surf behind him.
Yeah, in fact, J.R. Bob Dobbs, it says here, puts the er in der, the sent in incentive,
the dick in ridiculous, and the pipe in your mouth.
He puts that pipe in your mouth, friends, but you don't ask what Bob's smoking in that pipe.
What he's smoking is you.
You dive into that pipe yourself.
You let Bob smoke you because that pipe is not...
It doesn't represent drugs.
It's not symbolic of marijuana.
That pipe is a tunnel of knowledge.
It is the path directly to Bob's lungs.
It's been a while since we did this.
And from thence to his very brain, my friend, you can be the thought in Bob's foul, foul,
wet dreams if you jump in that pipe and let him smoke you raw, baby.
Then did they come to him awash in spirits, falling and stumbling and calling out his name.
But he walked on from them.
Until he came unto Wanda and did know her a while, biding his time unto the return of his disciplinarians,
who were of a goodly number thereto.
Conniptions 123.
That was St. Kerry Thornley who wrote that, by the way.
Wow.
Yeah, it's a Thornley quote.
Reverend Jesse Sump was his subgenius name.
Wow.
Kerry Thornley, who was one of the co-subfounders of the Discordian tribe.
Yes, indeed. And he's still a member of the Discordian tribe.
To which we owe quite... I'm not sure what.
Did they still have that altar? The subgenius altar?
They stole the altar in Chicago in like, 82.
Did they give that back to you?
Oh, you're thinking of... We had a curse that we got it all back.
Oh, okay. You got that back.
Let me put it this way. Their houses burned down.
We got what we needed.
You don't mess with Bob, my friend!
Oh, I feel so relaxed now.
I think Bob just messed in the room.
I feel it.
Is that what that smell is?
I don't think that's what it is.
That explains a lot.
Bob. Bob. Bob.
Oh?
Well?
Let me tell you something, mister.
Where is there a place for science in a town where they bury a Bob Bob Bob Bob head by the light of the moon to get rid of Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob?
Yes.
Let me tell you something, mister.
He tells the citizens how to think.
I know.
That's what I like.
He deserves it.
He's a magician.
You dirty little lying cheat.
It's called Bob if you want to investigate it.
Oh.
You're crazy.
I had the soil analyzed.
Bob.
You know, Bob, you're getting to be a pretty big fella.
You ought to know the medical terms for certain parts of the body.
To begin with, penis.
Yeah.
Come on in.
You know, your mother would give me the devil if she were home and saw me in the bathroom.
I'm not going to be with you this way.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Maybe.
Well, maybe.
This is a good idea.
Bob.
Oh, here's a match.
Your pipe's gone out again.
Well, thanks.
Watch it.
Well, Bob.
I guess that didn't make too much sense.
Golly.
You like the delicious, meaty flavor of Spam, the way it satisfies husky appetites.
Ours is a great heritage, a land of freedom and peace.








Out of our way of life come strange success stories.
And this is the way the story goes.
It all began some years ago when a kid was growing up in a small Midwestern town.
It seemed that no matter what he wanted to do, there was always a grinning Japanese policeman to tell him,
Oh, so sorry, no can do.
And with one punch, he knocked the grinning Jap policeman down in hopes of pocketing a few dollars.
And he liked it so much that he decided to study with his fists.
Almost all of continental Europe uses the metrics to determine the number of people who have been killed.
Most Japanese countryming has actual rockets, small ahí use of rockets, and one rocket will take three rockets at once.
Made theного at Mary protecting us from total
scholarism, 통화 한국 któreル Malaysian Kumhar creep living in the Araucan Upright.
History of action, Kata some 얘기를 about Seven 커irok, that we haven't 효 kíamos
as Islamisophòrityatory convincesур 단계êsce턴تى ở th配acak.
Kata giftowed Robinrebik ol enfermed headsö brief.
with it, dancing in the square,
in the public square, jumping
up and down in glory and
slackdomness, with their pants off,
with no one caring, and no one
is, will make
games say them.
Because they have achieved Dobstown,
my friend. You can be in Dobstown
in your own mind.
I have to say,
now, the ladies have something to share with us.
Oh, no.
Yes. This concerns
the gospel of Connie and
new revelations. This is
unlike the Da Vinci Code
with all its false stories.
This is
the truth, friends.
The true revelations.
Without, you cannot forget
Connie. Without Connie,
there would be no Bob. But without Bob,
there'd be no church.
Connie said it. Bob yes-deared it.
That settles it.
Wow.
See, we never knew any of this,
before. This is all new.
I can actually feel certain parts of my
pine lap radish expanding.
That's right between your eyeballs and up,
you know, by your nostrils.
This was the other level they promised us back in 1982.
Well, it wasn't much of a promise. They were all a bunch of damn liars.
But it is great that it is coming true.
Yeah. I don't think they had anything to do with it.
They were just writing it down and hoping.
You know what I'm saying?
Remember they said, be here now?
This is here, and this is now.
This is what he was talking about all that time.
How do you make the difference?
Yes, do that.
I don't know. It really rings.
How long have you been in Dobbstown, buddy boy?
Actually, I know some music
that would be much more appropriate
that would go with that.
But Dobbstown is relaxed and sort of laid back
with the nice Mexican trumpets there.
Why not?
And everybody has their own needs attended to.
There's really no problem
to speak of.
The towels are always hot.
It's kind of expensive.
Well, it's pricey.
Especially,
with fake money,
what difference does it make?
We all get Bob Bunny.
I hear the water is more expensive than the gas,
just like it's going to be down south.
Well, they have to superheat it
because of all the water there in Las Vegas and everything.
They have to superheat the water in Dobbstown.
The water is going to actually be more expensive than the gas.
In Dobbstown,
they give you two livers
so you can drink from the fountains of rum
all day long
and never feel a bad effect.
There's rivers of vodka
that run through Dobbstown.
There's streets paved with chocolate
that pot of old chocolate.
They give you an operation that gives you a nylon esophagus
that never wears out.
They give you the diverter
whereby you can eat and eat and eat
and just shuffle it off into a little sack
on the strap to your side.
You can name how many proboscises you want.
Say you want five noses
or something like that
so you can take on all the aromatics going on at all times.
Some of them are subliminal.
In Dobbstown, you can have everything!
But you can also have Connie.
That's what I like.
Everything plus Connie.
As many times and as often as you can have her.
Yes.
In fact, the problem becomes escaping from Connie after a while.
Yeah, but they had quite an affair, Bob and Connie.
You have to admit.
I mean, there's revelations about their affair,
you know, and the emerald seduction,
the tale of a great love.
Oh, no, actually, that's from a novel
that's really fictionalized.
Oh, it's not true?
No.
Well, no, it's apocryphal.
You put it that way.
Was it a novel written by Dobbs himself?
We're not sure.
It almost seems machine-written.
But it's from the 40s.
That's the weird thing about it.
Well, you've got to remember,
the mimeograph machine in what was IBM
and Farben and Germany's Hitler
and all those guys, or whatever his name was.
Yeah, Bob had access to all of that.
Yeah.
Yes, Bob worked for the conspiracy.
He's not proud of that.
And sometimes in Dobbstown,
there's three droogies named Alex and what's the...
Well, I have to say something about the young people,
about the droogies,
about the young subgeni coming up now.
And I certainly hope that Baz can help
bring them into the forefront here
because we're going to need them to take over.
We had a sign today, as far as I'm concerned.
Baz graduated her earthly high school today.
Praise Baz!
Yeah!
And all through the ceremony,
this is a true story.
This actually did happen today.
The skies were dark and thundery.
You heard rumble.
As they're like saying,
if we always come back forever,
then everything will be wonderful.
And, you know, whatever they say
in graduation ceremony exercises.
And the children of today are tomorrow's future.
You know, all that stuff that they say,
which is the same thing we say.
But, you know, in a more pedestrian fashion, let's say.
Anyway, all through the ceremony,
and the children are sort of looking nervously,
at the sky.
Well, they're not children, actually.
They're high schoolers.
They're 18 around.
And what happened was,
they were thinking that it was going to rain
all through the time.
And the moment that Baz's diploma was handed to her,
the clouds parted.
The sun came out.
And the water, the little puddles dried up.
And the worms retreated back into their holes.
It's like the miracle of Fatima.
It was.
It was.
It was.
And that's what I knew.
Only a UFO's appearance could explain such a miracle.
That's what I knew, that the young people,
the young subgenies,
I should say the young mutants.
Butants, we prefer to be called.
The beautiful young mutants will indeed take over.
This is a sign from Bob.
Yes.
I am glad you know that.
Most of the other students are going to some earthbound university.
I am headed for Dobbstown University.
That's where I got my doctorate.
Doctorate of Divinity.
People come to me every now and then they go,
Mr. Stang, as if, oh, I know you're not really a reverend.
I'm sorry.
If you're going to call me Mr., it's going to be Mr. Smith.
But my friend, I did not go to Dobbstown Divinity School
for six months for nothing.
I earned that reverendship, ministership fair and square.
Reverend Baz otherwise, she's a $30 subgenius minister.
She's going to be a minister.
She's going to be on board the saucers, whether she wants to be or not,
when they finally come.
Thanks, Bob, for that.
But, uh...
What, uh...
Is this the Elvis Costello?
Yes.
Is this the Elvis Presley version of Miracle Man?
No, it's not.
That's funny.
You're singing...
Stang.
Reverend Stang.
Yeah.
You're singing to yourself in the middle of the show.
I swore I wouldn't sing to you.
We were discussing your book.
Could you...
I swore I would not do that.
That's all right.
That's all right.
The keyboard player...
I will sing no more forever.
The keyboard player for that band.
Well, the attractions.
Steve Naive.
He's a...
Wasn't he a car-taring member?
He was a woman at one time.
He was a Swedish woman.
He was described in People magazine reading a copy of Book of the Subgenius.
But we don't know whether Steve Naive really...
Really liked it or not.
Oh.
We only know that it was reading it.
It was reading it.
Okay.
The blonde Ingeborg look is easy to...
Oh, is she doing the whole Wendy Carlos thing?
No, he's just doing the whole...
Just kind of like a Wendy...
No, like an Ingeborg.
No, we're making that up.
A Swedish...
It's not...
Don't spread that news around New York City, bleep-o.
Who knew?
Well, if you spread it in New York City, it would automatically be assumed to be true.
And it isn't.
Well, you know, the conspiracy is no fool.
I mean, it recognizes and rightfully fears the vast, untapped power...
That lurks within the potential uber-femme.
That is why, from the very moment a she-child emerges from the birth canal,
so much time and energy is spent on diverting the larval uber-femme
from recognizing and embracing her true identity and her destiny.
The Connieites of Dobstown are heard in the background.
This is Nancy Regalia's work that you will be able to see.
This is Nancy singing, in fact.
Yeah.
Oh, cool.
Well, you know, the first thing they do is they...
They try to force an unconscious identification with the color pink
onto these helpless infants, these poor mutant girls, butants.
From the moment they're squirted into this planet of clocks,
they are swaddled in pink blankets,
dressed in frilly pink party dresses,
and given pink diabetes-inducing, big-eyed, stuffed animals to play with.
It's sad.
The unavoidable equation is written on their delicate brain tissue...
Yes, see?
And even Baz...
My mom was a weirdo.
Baz was a tiny child.
She rejected the pink.
We knew...
Really?
Yes, she did.
I remember when they...
That's not very girlish.
No.
When they drove you guys out of Dobstown, she was crying,
but you bundled her up in your schnapps and whatever they call that thing,
and she was brave, like a true warrior princess.
You forgot.
Yep, and when she cried, it was only for joy.
And the unavoidable equation written on their delicate brain tissue
before they're even learned...
This is how cruel they are to the butant.
Yes.
Before they're even learned how to speak,
pink equals girl, girl equals pink.
This is false, isn't it, Baz?
Completely.
Doesn't that just cheese you off?
They tried to force this pink on you.
I've been anti-pink since four years old.
Yes.
Since I can remember.
Yes, and that's true, friends.
I don't think she has a pink item in her wardrobe.
She just has a natural aversion to pink, then.
Yep.
I think even once we ran out of socks and we had to, like, buy pink socks,
and she immediately...
Died them black.
I was barefoot.
Yes.
Well, now, you know, the term pink boy,
used as a derogatory term for humans,
does not refer to their color so much as the color of their soul.
Yes, well, that's the whole thing.
They've tried to inject this pink even into boys.
Oh, well, it's just the entire culture is permeated with...
It's permeated with it, yeah.
...with the most vomitingly mediocre pinkfulness.
We went to the Tarjay store.
Right.
In our neighborhood.
They had a special sale this winter on polar fleece blankets for, like, $9.
These enormous...
You were being fleeced.
...15-foot by 15-foot blankets.
But, of course, by the time the subgeniuses got there,
after, you know, 6 in the morning when all the normals were there,
when we got there at regular old good old subgenius time after having a, you know, a coffee...
Oh, three, a few minutes before midnight.
...the only blankets they would give us...
...were pink.
An instant.
...and bright.
Yes.


White, bright pink.
This is in the coldest of winter.
Subgenius, take these blankets.
Well, luckily...
Share a disease.
We were able to take the blankets home and run them through our alhemsal remogrifier,
and everything's fine now.
We're not worried anymore.
The pink has been rendered completely obtuse.
Sterilized of pinkness.
Removed.
Well, not so much removed as...
Eliminated.
...made safe.
Pinkness is what makes white bread white, you might say.
Yes.
It's what makes SUVs...
Attractive to the normals, yeah.
Yes, but unseemly.
Although, if you have to haul a thousand kids around, it actually makes a lot of sense.
Yes, well, of course, or like big planks of wood or whatever, if you're actually using...
But no, driving around by yourself all high up on the little marshmallow hand seat,
because if you've ever...
Have you ever driven like a Cadillac Escalade?
I've never driven one, no.
Or ridden in one?
It's like you're in a giant marshmallow hand.
Sounds good.
Way above every pedestrian and other car, and the marshmallow hand carries you wherever you want to go.
All you have to do is aim it, and you never want to leave the marshmallow hand.
Life in the marshmallow hand.
It's always perfect inside this marshmallow hand.
It makes a two-hour commute more fun than your life at home.
Yes.
Or on the job.
It sounds so cushy.
But it actually ends up making you more pink.
Unless, of course, it's run by vegetable oil, but they don't have those yet.
And it makes your bottom more cushy, too.
Yes.
Personally, I believe that every man should have...
In pink slippers.
Men, anyway, should have the right to drive anything they want, including military vehicles,
armies, tanks...
Oh, yes, I'm not saying that...
With any sort of weapon on them.
Vehicles are bad.
See, we're against any kind of regulation as being itself.
And therefore, technically, if you really did want to burn up all the gas in the world
and pollute everything, then go for it, man.
It's not going to be around that much longer.
They're turning this planet back into Mars anyway.
So, hence the pinkness coming out, at least in the psychic coloring of it.
And why will they have to paint all these army trucks and planes and weapons of death pink?
Right.
Why?
Because of the conspiracy.
Of course.
Because the true Martian.
Is the red man.
But the...
No.
Then there's this watered-down pinkness that has permeated our world, our land.
Well, some say it's just the amniotic fluid of a retarded god.
The amniotic brain fluids of a retarded god.
Wait a second.
Which it could be.
Does that mean that pink is just really watered-down red?
Meaning the commies are in charge?
No, no, no, no.
It's not political about that.
Sends it to Harvard.
It's...
I was reading some...
The commies did take over disguised as rich Republicans.
That was...










Like an industrialist disguised as Christians.
That was Charlie McCarthyism.
Yeah.
Right.
Puppets.
But we're all puppets, friends.
Now, some puppets get to manipulate other puppets.
Are you...
Is there any...
Are you pulling anybody's strings?
Sir, ma'am?
Brother?
Sister?
Think about it.
But somebody's sure pulling yours.
We're talking to you.
That means you're the lowest down on the line of puppets.
It's puppets.
It's puppets.
It's puppets.

Far up as you can see.
Yep.
We're talking to you.
At the top, there's some rich men, but they're not really the top.
There's aliens manipulating them as puppets, and those aliens are being manipulated by
Jehovah One.
Oh, look.
One's in a bear suit.
And who knows who's throwing food into Jehovah One's fish tank?
Who owns the universal fish tank and feeds the gods like we would feed our fish, and
the gods don't even know that they're...
Who is that?
Nothing but fish in somebody else's tank.
We are the awful issue to those gods.
I think...
There's just no end to the hierarchy, except that we're at the bottom, so there is an end
on this end.
We are the end of the chain.
Maybe the bottom controls the top.
Say it again, Baz?
What's that?
Maybe the bottom controls the top in an endless loop.
As below, so below.
The Butans are too damn smart.
Well, we would hope...
That would be a nice conceit, that somehow it comes full circle.
But actually, we'd have to...
We'd have to ask the zebra, while he's being consumed by the lion, if the circle of life
really is all that fair.
They don't...
They left that part out of that...
Yeah, they leave a lot out in the nice version of the circle of life.
In the nice version, it's not a circle jerk at all.
It's an actual ongoing, thought-provoking, well-informed plan for the future.
But for those left behind, it's what I just said, a circle jerk.
Yeah.
It's futile.
It's just futile.
It's futile.
There's no way out.
There's no real...
There's no way out, except for the...
There's no way out.
Well, there is.
There is?
There is a way out.
There are several ways out.
For one thing, I'm sure that after 10 or 12 million years, intelligent life on Earth
may become peaceful and slackful on its own.
Then there's the ex-day question, elements from outside coming in to take over their
property.
Yeah, man.
What about ex-day?
Right.
To live in their skins, to take their shoes and their bowling balls.
And of course, you can always just disappear into your own little world, your little hobby
or your special diet and hide from all the rest, your little special favorite shows or
your favorite websites and just ignore that terrible world around you.
Eventually, you could be a brain in a jar, hallucinating your whole life.
And what would be the difference?
3000.
Just insulate yourself away.
So long as I have this book, I'll be okay.
Well, as Joe Cosby said in that book, I like to think that if I was hallucinating
my whole life inside of a jar, I'd hallucinate something where I got laid more often.
So would he have got laid more often had he been hallucinating in a jar and reading Bob
Lee or Fonda?
Probably not.
No, he'd have nightmares because there's so many cool monster pictures in there.
There are some sexy pictures.
The Connie section is really...
Not a sexy nightmare.
...real sexy.
And the FROPS section, of course, is probably adults only.
But then a lot of it is kind of scary.
It'd be a good one to color.
I wish that they would sell it with crayons so that people who couldn't read would...
Well, color pages.
Color.
Or Sharpies.
Right now, a page is shouting at me.
Could you kill the music one second, please?
Shut up, pink boy.
Stop right now.
Too many would-be zealots are still laboring under the impression that this is something...


Some kind of parody of kook religions.
While perhaps having properly grasped the full implications of the faith in Bob, some
are yet prey to all manner of misconceptions about other basic subgenius doctrine.
We're talking basic here.
For instance, an otherwise ascended subgenius may understand the serious nature of, say,
excremeditation yet still think that the concept of acubating is still simply a joke thrown
into confused conspiracy censors.
And there is no estimating how many rogue subgeniuses still do not believe in Bob at
all.
Bummer, man.
That is...
Special announcement.
I just had to...
A positive.
I think I wrote that part myself about 25 years ago.
But it still rings true.
And it's never been said on the radio before.
It still rings true.
Or maybe it has.
I think so.
Long, long, long, long, long time ago.
Long ago.
Long ago.
That describes...
Oh, it was a little older than Maz is, but not much.
Wow.
Okay, it was never said by me on the radio then.
As a special announcement.
I've been following Dobbs for...
Gosh, would it be more than...
Yeah, now more than half my life.
Following with a butterfly in my hand.
Now, but then think of my kids.
They've been following Bob their entire lives.
Yep.
Yep, mine too.
They didn't want to be.
Yeah.
But they couldn't help it.
You know, it's just they're always in front of them.
Wherever they think they're choosing to go, he always happens to be right in front.
Yep.
Yep.
Irritating.
Imagine how I feel.
Frustrating as well.
I have my boss...
My boss's face is in front of me all the time, even at night when I close my eyes.
Then you...
And Dobbs' head glowing and smiling, grinning.
And your nose in his butt at all times.
Now that is really horrifying.
Well, look, if I want to get that raise, I'm going to have to, you know, do what it
takes.
You get a raise out of that?
I think, you know, the Reverend Baz represents your retirement plan.
Right.
Right.
My nose and Bob's deep up, kissing Bob's nipple is my retirement plan.
And the children will be able to take over and make everything right and fix all the
problems.
Thank goodness.
The problems are created in me.
That's what...
You know, when I remember, Baz, when I was your age, I thought to myself, God, that older
generation.
They're so wasteful.
They've just wrecked the world for us.
There were twice as many of us, that generation, who actually proceeded to go ahead and wreck
it even further.
We knew better, and yet we went ahead and wrecked on any...
Well, we recycled a few bottles and, you know, we let it mellow, but...
We let it age like a genie's drool cup.
We allowed it to...
But we still drove to work!
We sinned.
We sinned against Slack.
Well, we had to.
I mean, the car was...
I mean, the bus wasn't working that night and...
And now your people, your generation's gonna have to diaper us, and I'm sorry.
I'm saying it now before the Alzheimer's sets in.
If they could only diaper us with Slack.
But they're gonna get it right, see?
That's what the sky meant this morning.
Yeah, see?
One of these days, these kids are gonna get it right.
When I saw the sky...
See?
I can see it.
It's on the horizon right now.
I have thousands of millions of these kids, and they're all...
They will hallucinate.
They will hallucinate life where they get laid more.
Well, in that jar.
My worry is that so many of the youth seem to truly be living in the Matrix and liking
it.
I mean, the television shows are more real to some of these subgeniuses than their own
lives are.
That scares me.
What the sovereigns tell no less.
What everybody knows is what's really real is sci-fi novels.
Well, the subgenius...
You can spot the subgenius kids, because they're the ones reading books.
Books?
Books.
Books.
Or at least staring vacantly at them because of the subliminal messages.
And also, you know, doing internet stuff or whatever.
But I've spotted them.
They read books.
Science fiction books and other books and philosophy and all kinds of...
Oh, God.
I mean, voluntarily.
Not just the ones, you know, from school.
We don't want people to argue with Bob, though.
All kinds of things.
The weekly world news.
But they read.
They actually read words.
On the other hand, look what reading did to us.
It made us do this radio show.
We just produced this book.
It caused delusions on the brain.
Yeah.
Hey, down at the back of that book, there's a book called...
Oh, yeah.
...a picture of this room with Dave in it and Paul Krasner, I think.
And there's also a lovely photograph of Dr. Philo Drummond with a microphone in his ear.
Yes.
Is that his ear?
Yeah, that's the room.
Now, that looks like a full-on beauty.
There's a picture of the room we are in.
I took that picture.
You will actually see...
If you buy this book when it comes out in October or so, you will actually see pictures
of the inside of your radio right now.
I can't believe it.
You're lying.
It's clever looking, isn't it?
Actually, the little men inside the radio are finally...
After what?
The radio first emerged around 1912, 1915 as a public thing.
Man in the box, let me in.
Finally, you can see the little men inside.
...the mysteries revealed...
And they look just like Reverend Stang.
...unfurled for you.
And Philo Drummond and Cowboy Dave and Paul Krasner.
Yeah, Paul Krasner, of course, is on the subgenius shows every other week.
Can we mention that the art in this book is so exciting that I've already had a pre-ejaculatory
state three times in a row?
And I'm convinced otherwise?
You actually see puzzling evidence.
You actually see Dr. Gary Gebrogfran.
You actually see Dr. Hal Robbins for the first time ever.
Well, no.
Yeah.
Actually, that's them about 25 years ago.
Handsome, weren't they?
Yep.
You'd never think it to look at them now.
So were we all.
Put faces on those voices you've heard so long.
There's a lot.
Yes.
Some of us subgeniuses have known each other for a long time.
I believe, Bleepo, that you and I met in the early 80s, 81 or so.
Yes, in Chicago.
I first talked to you when I saw the Weirdo magazine article about the subgeniuses written
by Jay Kinney, I think it was.
No.
No, not Jay Kinney.
No.
No.
We...
Jay Kinney wrote the one in Whole Earth Review, and Robert Crumb reprinted the subgenius pamphlets
in the first issue of Weirdo.
Oh, maybe that was it.
And that was how the comic book readers...
Right.
Yeah.
That's how it came unto Bob in the 80s.
And then I wrote to you.
I was working at a Boston radio station, and I wrote to you, because I was in the news
department, supposed to put together a little intern news reports.
That's right.
You were going to cover a sci-fi convention that was next door.
And I asked you if you subgenius guys did radio, sort of like, because I saw that you
did print stuff really well, and I figured you probably did collage.
But I didn't know you were that same...
Never mind.
I won't go into that.
But anyway, so yeah.
So I asked you if you did radio, and you said, sure, we do radio.
And that's how you talked to me.
Put your hands on the radio.
And so I did a phone interview with you, and then you invited me to see you in Chicago.
So I used the science fiction convention as an excuse to actually go see you.
I was much more interested in going to see you.
And I think I got the radio station to somehow kick in a nickel or two to send me there and
back.
And then I met you and all those mutants.
I met the...
There were a lot of strange mutants.
Philo was there, and of course the great Jane Orr hyperclites.
That's right.
Jane Orr, that's where the classic line came from.
They told me my mind was in this jar, and then they poured it down the sink.
And that's been...
That's how the church works, man.
At its best.
Yeah.
Actually, and then others who became rich and famous.
Strangely content.
Sterno is rich and famous.
But still a zombie though, isn't that correct?
I mean, as far as the blood thing...
Yeah, he still walked shuffling and walking.
I'm now the least known famous person in New York City.
You are now currently?
Yeah, currently.
Did they honor you in any way?
I remember at Burl Hall in Brooklyn they said they were gonna have a celebration.
They said they would put two bullets between your breasts if they had any or something.
Something like that, yes.
And then elected you the new...
Yeah.
That's all right.
This will be a long one.
That's what all the girls say.
Well, we started a couple of minutes early, actually.
So, yeah, it is a long one.
Oh, man.
Well, at least we've taken off.
We've gone most of the saligubris and salient parts of this epic novel.
Well, it's not really a novel per se.
No, actually, we didn't even get into the heavy stuff.
The first half of it is Bob and Connie.
You know, everybody loves those two great characters.
Oh, God.
Love, love gods.
Oh, that show of theirs.
But then there are two chapters about the conspiracy and how to deal with it.
Then there's an explanation.
An explanation of X-Day and what really happened with naked pictures of me, by the way, back
when I was sort of slim.
Can you explain what's funny about each and every one of those pictures?
Yes, I can, actually.
On the stand.
I could do it on the stand.
I could do it to Judge Punch or Judge Judy or any of those puppets.
And then it becomes even more serious because it tackles the subject of true slack and subicide.
Oh, yeah.

I mean, the urge of so many lonely subgeniuses to jump off a bridge or off of an overpass
into an oncoming car while wearing a Dobbs shirt and videotaping it.
No.
But we don't encourage that.
And in fact, there's a whole quite touching chapter that will touch you there about why
you really should leave it up to Bob.
He's going to do it anyway.
He's going to kill you anyway.
Let the professionals do it.
You're an amateur at suicide by definition.
Yeah.
There are no professionals at it except Bob.
And he's going to, him or God, are going to get you in the end.
So what's your hurry?
That's our point.
You don't know what's going to happen.
If you're depressed, you think it's always going to be terrible.
But you're crazy.
You're wrong.
You don't know.
You might be sane tomorrow and everything will be cool.
And you get to exercise, as it says here in the book from the 1959 Bobco board meeting,
Bob will ask you to exercise glands you never knew existed.
That's right.
Now, do you have to know them in any sort of, do you have to know these glands?
You'll learn those.
You will intuit the existence of those new glands when you thumb through the book.
Actually, if you notice, if you look at the animated right-hand page, have you noticed
that there is a tiny Muta Bob image on the right-hand bottom, no, left-hand corner of
every spread, every single page in there, so that you can flip it like an animated flip-it
book, like a little movie.
Oh, wow.
I don't know if anybody noticed that we did that on Book of the Subgenius as well, but
this time.
If you do it fast enough, do you hear Walt Disney's voice?
Yeah, you will start to, it will make, well, there's all kinds of effects that happen.
If you put it in front of a barcode reader and flip it, you get a little computer game,
if you can load it into your computer.
Just a game you don't win any sort of credit or money.

It's a real sim.
It only runs on a VIC-20 or an Atari or something, but it's cool.
It's like Pong.
And I've heard that if you actually, if you cut the book up and then arrange the
little pictures in the right combination.
Well, let's not go into that on the radio.
It's unlikely that anybody's going to find the right combination.
Should we warn people or?
I hope not.
Well, it's like casting a spell or a curse in some of the simple religions, you know.
We don't want to get them started on that, though.
Did you see the skin crawl that ran under?
There was some sort of skin crawl.
Oh, we caught it.

We found one of those in our bathroom today.
Oh, yeah?
Just one?
We think she brought it back from Brushwood.
Little skin crawlers, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Because if she didn't bring it back from Brushwood, she was at Brushwood this weekend singing,
and if she didn't bring that thing back, that means our house is infested with skin crawlers.
This was the kind with the flat tail, with the forks on the end.
It's about six inches long.
With like a jillion legs.
Right.
Did you learn anything from it?
I mean, for crying out loud, you at least interrogated it.
I didn't leave.
I didn't leave.
I didn't leave it in me long enough.
I mean, you didn't just, well.
I didn't.
If you leave them, you have to leave them in you for a while to learn anything.
For them to tell you this.
You know, some people can get these things out of them without, you know, I'm sorry,
I just didn't.
I don't, look, I just, they give me the creeps.
They make my skin crawl, you might say.
Yeah, but imagine attaching a little electrode to one of them there.
To interject some humor into the proceedings.
Watching it jump, you know?
Or just poking it with the end of a match head.
Did you realize that because his soul was in it, it was in the end of a match head?

The soul was banned from both hell and heaven.
Bob cannot die.
That's the reason?
I didn't know that.
I didn't know that.
To this day, we constantly find this spoiler.
Actually, actually, if you had read your Revelation X, you would know that.
Oh, I might have read that.
That's a repeat from old doctrine.
Oh, okay, forget it.
You can't.
Okay.
Yeah, faithless.
Hey, listen.
The show's over.
I have a, yeah, well, we don't know what's going to happen next, but I'm going
to put on this amazing pre-recorded material from, well, the Buchanan brothers were singing
in that Flying Saucers song, and I may continue that.
These collages, of course, are by the great Fernanda Nanny Leamer.
Oh, no, we're going to get into a section by Phineas Narco of National Cynical Radio,
and I will, if nothing else, change the CD.
Thank you.
Many people think the saucers might be someone's foolish dreams.
Or maybe they were sent down here from Mars.
If you'll just stop and think you'd realize just what a fool they are.











Oh, it means they're more than atom bombs or falling stars.
And though the war may be through, there's unrest and trouble brewing, and those flying
saucers may be just a sign that if peace doesn't come, it will be the end of some.
So repent today.
We're running out of time.
When you see a saucer fly like a comet through the sky, you should realize that it's not

worth the price you'll have to pay.
You'd better pray to the Lord when you see those flying saucers.
It may be the coming of the judgment day.
