It's just that there's a new electricity and excitement in our young composers.
Any sound, any music, and anything goes.
We all follow where the artists lead us.
They are our Galileans, our Louis's, our Edison's.
We are the
light-hungry we are the
준비
Huh?
Um, um, um...
Um...
Um...
What about Slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
And now, the subgenius hour of Slack!
The subgenius hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station...
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show, the listener is advised to remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted officials in the event of any material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled during broadcast.
Small animals or other children are not allowed to be heard.
Children becoming exposed to the ultra-high or ultra-low shocks and brain frequencies constantly scanned throughout our program should seek shelter in an approved safety unit only.
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you that it's often a photon that light releases, but truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Hoping your time is all time and all your unpermissible truths are happy truths.
Here is your host...
Ah, yes dear friends, this is Reverend Ivan Stang.
And tonight we have with us a respected...
...
An oh-so-respected expert on the secret doctrines of sex hurt.
But more than that, dear friends, a woman, an uber-woman who has been actually as great a thorn in the conspiracy's side here in Dallas as any, any of us tool-using primates.
Uh, she's in many ways the Dr. Ruth, the Mata Hari, the Corazon Akeem.

And the Lizzie Borden of the subgenius women's sewing auxiliary.
Reverend Chastity Belt.
Ah, so good to have a female warm voice on the show.
Well, Reverend, it's so glad, I'm so glad to be here.
And you're right, I am sort of like the Lizzie Borden because I'm a real cut-up.
Oh, now friends, me and Reverend Chastity here, we don't have to be here.
We could be out getting some wick-splitting done.
You know, we don't have to be doing this show.
We could blow you listeners off.
Drive over to a cheap motel on Harry Hines and get right down to the business of taking the job, don't you see?
Of illustrating to ourselves just what it means to be a subgenius.
Ah, yes, we could do this because in Bob's church, friends, all men and all women here are married teachers.
They love each other.
Even the men are married to the men and the women to the women, believe it or not.
Although I personally don't partake in this particular form of consummation.
Nay, nay.
But you must learn somehow to give yourself to the feeling, dear friends.
Because it's our duty to Bob and Connie that we may indulge in the knowledge of the flesh until we achieve memories of our own previous reincarnalities.
Ah, yes.
Give yourself to the feeling.
Give yourself to the feelings, boys and girls.
Things.
Well, Reverend Chastity, what was the last evil thing that you've been known for here in Dallas?
I understand it had something to do with a talking toilet, trying to achieve some sort of freedom of toilets in Plano.
Yes, I have to say I'm at a point now where I say,
let my people tinkle.
And I know you can relate because we all eat, we all sleep, we all reproduce,
and some of us all meet the call in the little boy's or little girl's room.
Except in the Plano, uh, oh well.
Transit Center, I tell you, dear.
People meet the call of nature wherever nature calls, you know.
Now, Bob said there's nothing wrong with that.
Well, I have no problem with that.
I'm just kind of distressed at seeing little old ladies tinkling on perfectly good city buses.
Well, out of respect for Bob, um, and Connie,
instead of jumping into the sack of mutual respect and, and, uh, lower things,
we're gonna jump onto a new subject matter, friends, one which we have not oft broached on the Hour of Slack,
and rip away the veils of clothing which obscure this subject,
the subject of Connie Dobbs, wife of Bob, she whom men have called the Blessed Antifreeze.
The secrets of Connie are like a closed lotus,
but if we stroke this lotus with just the right combination of gentleness and urgency, dear friends,
it will open its blossoms to reveal a treasure.
Ha ha ha ha.
So, uh, but, but, is Playgirl enough, Reverend Chastity?
No. No.
Is, is there, I mean, what about porno, pornography for women?
I feel that not enough has been done.
I feel that not enough has been done about this, and I am distressed.
You see, Reverend Stang, we owe it to the future of America to reproduce as much and as often as possible.
Where will the future war veterans come from?
Where will the war whales come from?
They will come from nowhere if our young women are not enthused and excited in a way to reproduce.
And I know that you can appreciate this.
I am concerned about this Mace Commission report,
because if we take away the Playboys, we take away the Playgirls,
we take away the inspiration, they will not be in the drive-ins on Saturday night making them little future Americans.
Little future mutants, dear friends,
because, now, Reverend Chastity, as you yourself have often preached,
we don't want them to mess around with the humans.
It's, uh, you know, they need to stick with their subgenius kind.
And like, as seen here on this slideshow.
Oh my goodness.
Friends, it's a good thing this is a show.
This is the radio or we'd be off the air by now, believe you me.
Oh, can you do that on the radio?
Can you do that without Vaseline?
Oh, breakdance Bob.
I got a Bob in my pocket, dear friends.
And he's waiting to meet you.
Well, what about, what did they say, what did Connie have to say to the Mace Commission
when they came to her, uh, accusing her of being a major pornography publisher
with this new women's pornography line?
Uh, I mean, I mean,
I understand.
As a matter of fact, let me level with you, Reverend Chastity.
Okay, tell me the truth.
Let me, so to speak, shoot straight.
Rumors have circulated for years that the Church of the Subgenius
was merely the unwitting front group for a secret conspiracy of women.
A globe-encompassing coven, so to speak, which uses males,
uses us, both subgenius and pink alike, as part of a vast breeding experiment
by which you femmes will hope to, uh, eventually produce a messiah,
a godlike being of incredible powers called the Kwisatz Haderach.
Yes, in fact, the famous Dune series of science fiction is but a thinly veiled expose
of a group which actually exists. Is this true?
Uh, I, I, I, I, I don't know if I can discuss this right now because...
That you females have managed to keep this secret from all of us males for 100,000 years until now?
Don't put this pressure on me.
I can't crack, I can't tell you the truth.
All of womankind is counting on me.
Uh-huh, pretending to be oppressed all the time so that you can use that as a guise
to cover your actual iron-fisted strangle-hole over male behavior?
I prefer the term velvet claw.
Yes, yes, the, uh, you cannot deny, though, that ye, ye female ones
possess the one treasure which few men, subgenius or pink, can live without.
That juicy bait dangled before our eyes. Ma'am?
I thought you were going to say that we had mutual obligations that you could not obligate.
Well, friends, that's the, that's the main thing. It's the, it's a mutual obligation.
As you can hear these people at Dobstown here in the background, our home movie of life at Dobstown.
And I understand, uh, Reverend Chastity, that, that you were, uh, for a long time, you, you were an honorary nun-snake mother superior.
In Dobstown.
Well, I, I did spend some time out there in my missionary field.
And, uh, I, I, I prefer that hands-on experience of reaching the public.
I'm sure you can appreciate that.
Why, just last summer, I was on a tour of the Fiji Islands, healing them young Polynesian boys.
I tell you, some of them laying on ceremonies took hours and hours.
You cannot understand how exhausting that was.
Oh, praise Bob.
But I did that in the name of Bob.
Praise Bob. Praise Bob in the name.
And right in front of him.
And right in front of him, too, I bet.
I bet he was watching the whole time.
Well, he was, he was there with a video camera.
I'm sure that they will be available at the next church convention.
Now, uh, and you have trained, as I understand, that when you were at the convent of the avenging Cyclops,
that you trained many of Dobstown's most skilled nun-snakes in the, in the, uh, arts of love?
Well, you could say I've riffed with the best of them.
Now, now, not to be confused with the hookers for Bob.
Oh, no, no.
Yeah, that was a, that was more of a, a, a grassroots movement that Bob, as an idea, I think Bob actually got from the Children of God,
which is a Christian cult, which uses sex to get people to join the church.
Now, is it all right, do you think, to, to use sex to get people, humans or, or subgeniuses, whatever, to give money to Bob?
Well, I hate to tell you this, Reverend, but women have been using sex for years to get just about anything from anything.
Well, that's a, well, that's a, yeah, and yet you deny that, that you're part of a, a conspiracy, an all-encompassing...
Oh, oh, I wouldn't say it's a conspiracy. No, no.
I, I, I, I, I can't admit to that. Not when I have so many of my sisters listening in tonight.
And besides, even if you did admit to it, you know, nobody would believe it because the Church of the Subgenius, oh, it's just a joke.
Just a joke. And, uh, but I understand now that as part of your training to be a nun snake, that you, uh, you actually had physical contact with Bob Dobbs,
experienced the love of Bob in a physical way.
Yes.
Now, is this true?
This is true.
Can, can you describe what Bob was like in bed, in, in polite language for the radio?
Well, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, well, let's just say it was a deep night.
A deep, meaningful relationship that...
Deep, yeah.
I, I, I experienced life at, at its fullest. You could say it was, I was bursting forth with joy.
Oh, sweet mystery of life...
Oh, friends, look at those VU meters jump.
Oh, she's getting excited just thinking about the mighty, the mighty love of Bob.
Just like us male subgeniuses. Well, I can't, we can't, we can't say that we, we covet Bob's wife.
But Connie, well, now, let's get on to other things here.
Now, I...
You posed for this issue of Playboy here, the girls of the subgenius church.
Yes, well, as you know, Reverend, I was one of the first at the first official subgenius church get-together.
As you remember, it was with Reverend Buck and, and you and I and a couple other believers.
And when I heard Reverend Buck break into a chorus of festering on the carcass of life, I knew I had reached the religion that I was meant to be called to.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And that's true, Reverend Belt, that's your last name, right?
Yes, it is.
Was, was, uh, the, at the absolute, the very first subgenius devival that was ever held anywhere, at least, and open to the public.
Bob, you know, formed the church in the 50s and he had secret, uh, secret parties, much like what you hear in the background here, uh, to get the church started.
But yes, those were the days.
Now, um, uh, now I notice in the, in the, in the girls of the subgenius church here with the Playboy interview, or the Playboy pictures, that, that many of these uber women, these subgenius gals, don't conform to the conspiracy's usual definition of, quote, good looks, unquote.
They look even more, they look like some of these girls here look like they got more yeti blood than Buck naked himself.
For instance, Miss Delaware.
Mm-hmm.
The, the sloping brow, the bodily hair, the bowed short legs, and long muscular arms that identify one who is a, a, a direct descendant of the yetis.
But she had a good soul and a, and a wonderful personality.
Why, you should have seen that girl cook.
Oh, yes.
And could she keep house, I tell ya.
Yes, dear friends.
Well, you know, that's the thing.
Just don't taint your genes with, with the genes of a human.
Try to, you, you should go for those yetis out there.
They're the ones that carry, that carry the seed word of Bob, dear friends.
And they can certainly keep you warm in the winter.
Oh, gosh, I got some of that word all over the floor of the radio station, dear friends.
We're gonna have to move on to a tape here.
I'm gonna push the tape.
Sex.
Bob loves sex.
What?
Sex.
Praise Bob.
Sex.
Bob loves sex.
What?
Sex.
Praise Bob.
Sex.
Bob loves sex.

Bob loves sex.
It helps us all to have it all.
The, because too much is always better than not enough, as we'll say again at some point in the show.
In fact, just to prove that I'm not gonna spend the whole show talking about how life is doubt and that faith without doubt is nothing but death.
I, I would, I'm going to play an, a tape of a event, a live revival.
Yes, dear friends, we had a, we had a, a, a, a...
Holy Ghost Bob Stomping Revival down at some club this last Valentine's Day.
Yes, on Valentine's Day, there was a secret subgenius revival involving the marriage,
the mass marriage of only 110 couples, maybe more, but 110 that we had registered.
Yes, 220 people were wed to each other in some form or another, in some combination or another,
last Wednesday night at this downtown go-go slop-hop shop called Club Metronome.
And it was actually a lovely, beautiful service, a beautiful service.
And we're going to take you to that service right now on tape, dear friends.
Yes.
Yes.











A mass short-duration marriage ceremony performed by your host, Reverend Ivan Stang,
actually written and invented about 10 years ago by Reverend Buck Naked.
Yes, the mighty Buck Naked invented and has served under Bob to perform these short-duration marriage ceremonies many, many times,
but never has one been performed over so many couples.
And so I'm going to play this tape.
Good Lord, this is going to be the most gigantic subgenius.
This is the most gigantic subgenius wedding in history.
Horrible but true.
Disgusting but it's really happening before our very eyes.
Okay, 49.
49 poor sinners lining up to marry in the eyes of Bob Dog.
I'm disgusting.
You're disgusting.
We're all disgusting.
Get married for 12 hours, 1 hour, or 3 weeks, a year, whatever you want.
It's just as legal as the last thing you did.
Take it for a double.
Yes, you might win a weekend of pure, unadulterated, illegal sexual activity with someone you're not even legally married to, but who cares?
It's a big marriage.
They're coming through like cattle for the slaughterhouse.
Just like cattle lining up for the slaughterhouse.
Just like cattle lining up for the slaughterhouse.
They're going to go ahead and get hitched.
They're going to make it real forever.
Get married and win the weekend for two.
Married in the eyes of J.R. Bob Dog himself.
You can get away with murder with this marriage tape.
And you've already got one.
I need a number.
92.
92 is your number.
Who are you marrying?
Myself.
So many are marrying themselves because that's the only one they truly love.
Don't blame them a bit.
I'm the same.
I'm the same.
104.
104 couples so far.
I'm absolutely appalled that so many people are willing to just throw their lives away
and get joined in unholy matrimony.
And it is unholy in the eyes of J.R. Bob Dog's.
Two more records and then the big wedding ceremony.
So dance for a minute.
Don't stand right there to me.
Go have sex.
It's wonderful, it's horrible, I can't believe it.
There's over 104 different people have come up here to get themselves hitched temporarily
in the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs here at the Metronome Club, Ike Cot.
It's disgusting to me that they're willing to all get married en masse.
Some men to men, women to women, some just people to Bob.
Some people are just marrying Bob this time.
Three of them want to marry me.
It's disgusting, it's wonderful, I'm smiling.
Ladies and gentlemen, my friend, Ivan.
Step right up, step right up.
Are you ready?
Are you ready to be excused in the name of the Lord?
Say it.
Are you ready?
All right then, let's get it this way.
This horrible, disgusting affair over with.
To begin with, I'm really sorry to get wet and hitch each one of you individually,
or couples individually, but obviously too much is always better than not enough.
So, do you, insert your name here, swear to tell the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth?
Say yes.
Say yes.
These sanctified couplings will last for, let's say,
12 hours.
These are 12-hour, short-duration marriages.
If you are not completely satisfied, you can come back for a short-duration divorce.
Now, we shall begin.
Oh, yes, dearly beloveds, we are gathered here today in the presence of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Please, Bob, to join these men and these women, and sometimes men and men, women and women,
and sometimes men.
Bob and Bob, sometimes them and me, in the bondage, the bondage of home and matrimony.
For better or worse, but not for long.
Do you feel the spirit, dear friends?
Take up, then, now, put your hands on each other.
Put your hands on each other.
Now, if there are any here who feel that these men and these women should not be joined,
just hold your peace, because we don't want to even hear about it.
All right.
You got your hands on each other?
Hold tight.
Here it comes.
Do you, all, half of you, take these, well, do you men, half these men, take these women
and sometimes men, could be your lawfully wedded wives or husbands?
Thank you.
In short duration, subgenius matrimony, to have and to hold, for richer or poorer, in
sickness and in kinkiness, for the next 12 hours.
Say, say, I do.
I do.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Now, do you, in most cases, women, take these men, in most cases, sometimes women, sometimes
Bob, sometimes me.
To me, you're lawfully wedded husbands.
I do.
And I would encourage you, on the same day you're wedded with your wife, to, I don't
know how many times I say this, but to, I don't know how many times I say this, but to
say I do.
I do.
I do.
All right, now, shake on it.
Shake on it.
And say, it's a deal.
It's a deal.
Now.
It's not over yet.
Get out of your rings.
You do have to be careful.

rings don't you? I hope you got that ring. Because we take the ring as a holy symbol
of the estate of marriage as well as the pole going repeatedly into the hole.
All right? By the authority invested in me by this man J.R. Bob Dobbs and in absolute
defiance of the laws of this state and of nature, I pronounce you man and wife or husband
and wife and wife and wife or husband and husband for the next 12 hours. Praise God!
You must now kiss each other. You have to kiss each other now. I will avert my eyes.
You are now duly authorized and excused for seven days.
Sexual couplings of any perverse, unspeakable crime for a period of 12 hours.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, it is done. A man and a woman. Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Thank you and...
Party!
Bob said you had to party!
Party!
Party!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Nobody sımeş, say it bully.
Free!
Blessed Holy Spirit, praise the Lord!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!va, grave God!

sex, sex, sex, sex, sex.
Don't be deceived.
Victorian principles have permeated the collective unconscious of humanity,
and we've only begun the fight against the control by the real sexual deviants,
the repressed ninnies with insane super-egos.
They run around denying that it's a squirting ooze and universe,
and they think they're working for God,
but hell, sex is a religious sacrament.
I can't take a joke, but don't take that literally now.
Sister Chris here.
Television stations are bombarded by filth from the studios of Hollywood.
I don't care. I don't care what lengths I go to anymore.
All is fair and all that.
Dr. Harris, you're a doctor. A doctor.
Doesn't that mean anything to you, a surgeon?
I'm not a doctor, Edith, but I'm a man also.
You're under arrest!
Something sick. Something sordid, vicious, and depraved.
Vagina. Vagina.
V-H-I-N-A.
There's a canal-like passage between the uterus and an opening between the mother's legs.
It is the place where sperm are deposited by the father from the baby
and the passage shows the baby passes into the new world where he was born.
It's in a dream.
Sweat keeps running.
It's in a mind.
There's only one thing, one thing, one thing.
It's on my feet.
And I may be the reason he feels his mind is in factory.
Or I may be the one who started his machine.
Watching the kids as he is.
It's a plan.
Our bodies are falling.
And this is where we go.
This is me.

Ahh...
Woah...
Polski?
A- ad...
Topo.

That's right.
O- married spin
The middle finger!
Whoops.

I'm taken for a
as I am.
Ready?
Get set.
You love watching porn!
Hit the like button!


I knew it.
Hi. Have I got something for you.
This is the one and only Mojo Bag.
And with this, you don't need no long hair.
Or cool cigarettes.
Or cool guy shades.
Cause you could have any woman you want with the Mojo Bag.
And you don't need no knife or gun.
Cause ain't nobody can hurt you when you got the Mojo Bag.
But you too can have the one and only Mojo Bag.
Yeah, I'd give it to you.
For oh, I guess about eight dollars.
I accept no substitutes.
But one word of caution.
One word of caution.
Don't you never look inside the Mojo Bag.
Cause it got the juju.
And that is hot stuff.
Of course we're gonna have a subgenius float down there.
I know, for instance,
now this is,
the first time this has been announced, I think,
but the Batmobile and Batman and Robin will be down there.
You know, they joined the church several years ago.
And when, actually at a time when they were very dissolute
and disillusioned, friends, with the, you know,
they'd arrest these criminals and hand them over to the cops.
And then some judge would let them out with a year's probation.
It's a conspiracy.
It is, friends.
And we're gonna have that giant,
six foot Dobbs head down there at that parade and rally
to try to, to, to fight for our freedom of communication
and communication and fornicationalism,
which we so enjoy.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
You know, Bob is the avatar of Slack.
I think, I think we got some new listeners last week
and we actually explained who Bob was.
But no less crucial, dear friends, in preparing Dobbs
for Slack avatar-hood.
Was his first and still primary wife, Connie.
Seen in this, her early film appearance in 1961 film,
Planet of the Blind Women.
She had been his childhood sweetheart in first grade.
But in 1955, more than 20 years later, they remet and remarried.
Her impact on Bob is inestimable.
Recently, indeed, a church of Connie's panties has sprung up
and is gathering momentum despite its rather juvenile basic premise.
Connie even sang with Bob's jazz combo,
Bob Dobbs and the Doobops, and gave him five sons.
Bubba, Bobby Jr., Adam Cadman, Shem, and Sean.
There's also a daughter, but the family Dobbs keeps her name
a secret in order to limit the number of suitors
who would marry into this awesome dynasty.
Now, Connie wields enormous power, dear friends.
There's a whole group, which, of women,
witch women, I prefer to call them, who worship her.
They're called the Doobops.
They're a group of women who worship Connie
called the Sodality of the White Glove.
Now, I've encountered them.
And some of you may have read about the time the church patriarchy
was overthrown by the Women's Sewing Auxiliary years ago in Chicago.
And ever since, you know, it started out to be a men's club.
But now, like, for instance, Bob has at least one secondary wife and family
in every state of the union.
Family spread all over the world.
And they all fiercely defend Bob as a companion and a provider.
And they insist that he always seems to have plenty of time to spend with each of them.
Just a moment with Bob is worth it all.
And this young bride of Bob, Chastity Belt,
has sacrificed her own virtues up many times
in order to carry on the mighty business of Connie's church,
as well as Bob's.
But we can't just talk about Connie, friends.
We're here to penetrate the essence of Chastity Belt,
this Southern Belt who embodies, embodies, friends, and boy does she,
the subgenius feminine virtues of A, enthusiasm, B, practiced skills,
and a clean bill of health, see.
So, Miss Belt, I'm sure our audience would like to really get inside you.

And see what makes you tick or ooze.
Well, I like to think of myself as just your typical country girl
out there saving the world from itself.
And in the name of Bob, I try to encourage educational aspects
and opportunities for women in the workplace, in the home, in the bedroom,
back in the workplace again.
And we try to spread...
All over the house, friends.
All over the house.
Everywhere but the safe.
All over the house, friends.
We're here to do the right thing, in a safe way.
And that, you know, that reminds me of a lovely background type here.
This was sent in by a young member a couple of years ago from the Dobbs Ashram.
Ooh, listen to that music.
Friends, can you hear Bob coming?
Bob is coming again and again, friends, to save your soul.
Hey, give a buck out of the record collection back there.
Get down, Buck. Get up.
Oh, not there, please.
Buck's in heat again, dear friends.
Oh, look at that.
He can't even say hi, girls, anymore.
But what about the mutant men, Chastity?
What about the, uh...
Oh, is it the...
How shall we say?
The statue del carne?
The estatua del carne?
The meat itself?
Or is it the motion?
And would not a well-endowed epileptic
prove to be the best of both worlds?
Well, I tend to think that it's their
total lack of pretense
and their non-knowledge of manners
that make them so educationally entertaining.
I have been educated on many occasions by mutants
while I was spreading the word of the church,
and it was an uplifting and inspiring
and very sweaty experience.
I'm sure you can appreciate it.
Oh, yes.
I've never had to clap them.
Oh, I've never had to clap.
I've never had to clap.
I've never had to clap, dear friends.
No, but the subgenius virus,
we must continue to spread this deliverance
among the lost out there.
Now, how do you...
Besides spreading the seed of Bob, as you do,
what about sex hurt?
Bob's discipline of sex hurt.
How does this compare with, say,
sex among the Baptists?
Sex is okay to say.
It's okay on the radio, isn't it?
Well, as long as you don't really do it on the radio,
which can be rather painful
if you don't watch where the knobs are.
I would have to say that...
The mighty knobs.
Never mind.
I won't even say it.
I would have to say that Baptist sex and sex hurt
are very similar, of course.
Most marriage sex is sex hurt.
You hurt me, I won't have sex with you.
Wait a minute.
What could be more painful?
As I understood it, that was not...
Bob didn't...
Bob didn't...

By the discipline of sex hurt,
he didn't mean tying them up, necessarily.
Well, sometimes...
Or chaining them down, necessarily.
No, but...
But more like...
Well, until it hurts, you know?
I believe the term is restrained sex.
Pleasure unrestrained,
until something hurts so much that you can't keep going.
And that's...
Friends, that's when you keep going anyway.
Yes.
And you will see Bob.
You will see Bob.
I've seen Bob on several occasions,
even when Bob was...
Bob wasn't there.
Yet calling out his name,
and I bet your husband was wondering,
now, which Bob, huh?
Friends, there's Bobs everywhere,
but there's only one true Bob.
But, you know, just like they say in the old song...
Some boys take a beautiful girl
And hide her away from the rest of the world
I want to be the one to walk in the sun
Oh, no!
And only one of the bonobos
But only one of the bonobos

Oh, girls, you wanna have
That's all you really want
Perhaps ONE day, maybe
body protect her
x2
And that's how how's that gonna be
Since then


I can't tell we only have one
Right now I'm doing my subgenius new age music.
This is Sister Chris.
Subgenius stage party.
Subgenius new age dance music.
Oh, yes.
The lovely Sister Chris with the half hour slack in New Jersey.
On Pinkton Hill Records.
Reading Cat Ladies.
In the forest of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the conspiracy bonds
which have confronted them with another.
And to assume among the powers of the squirting universe the separate and unequal station
to which the laws of sanity and hedonism entitle them.
A decadent respect for the outrageousness of mankind's desires
that they should declare the forces which impel them to the separation.
We hold these truths to be self-evident that all subgenii are created horny.
That they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable,
unalienable rights.
That among these are slack, sex, and the pursuit of frop.
That to enjoy these rights, clenches, unalienable clenches are instituted among subgenii,
deriving their just slack from the effect of the prop.
Frop.
Prop.
That whenever any form of the conspiracy becomes destructive of the slack,
it is the right of the subgenii to alter or to demolish it and to institute new slack,
laying its foundations on such frivolities.
And organizing parties in such form as to them shall seem most likely to affect their sanity and hedonism.
Prudence indeed will demonstrate their sacraments long established should not be abused for light and transient causes.
And accordingly all experiences hath shown that subgenii are more disposed to hide out while life is insufferable
than to sell themselves by ignoring the slack to which they are entitled.
But when a long train of abuse is broken,
abusers and usurpers, pursuing assumably the same object,
effects a plan to squash them under the instrument of despotism.
It is their birthright, it is their duty to throw off such goons and to prime new slack for the future serenity.
Such have been the repeated sufferances of these subgenii,
and such is now the nirvana which compels them to abandon their former styles of entertainment.
The history of the present glorps in all places.
The history of repetitive banalities and absurdities,
all having in direct consequence the establishment of an attempted stranglehold over these subgenii.
To prove this, let facts be submitted to the common world.
They have refused consent to laws the most wholesome and necessary for this subgenii's good.
They have forbidden governments to pass laws of enjoyable and personable implications.
Unless hidden within others until notice is obtained.
And when so hidden, they have notably searched to eradicate them.
They have refused to pass the laws for the accommodation of large districts of subgenii,
unless they would relinquish the relight of eye and eye, intercourse and intoxication.
I think we're going nowhere.
Man, I think there's no slack right now.
I sound like Jerry.
Jerry?
Can I cut off your fingers?
Then you'll really be Jerry?
Too much bass drum will never get signed by Wind of Hell.
Your tool can be a recording star.
That was Sister Chris, who works in the layout department at Screw Magazine, believe it or not.
It's true.

I I I love little girls, they make me feel so good.
I love little girls, they make me feel so bad.
When they're all around me, make me feel like I'm the only guy in town.
I love little girls, they make me feel so good.
I don't care if I'm a one way mirror, I don't bite my toe exterior.
They don't care if I'm a one way mirror, they don't bite my toe exterior.
Ask me questions, they don't
Want to scold me, they don't
Look for answers, they just
Want to fool me, isn't this fun?
What is this place all about?
Isn't this a plain-tongue truth?
Isn't this a nightmare too?
Say, girls, take my money
Girls, take my clothes
Say, girls, show up my back
And leave me with a lethal dose
Yeah, French girls, they want
Courting, Italian girls want
Paws, and big, big, big
And I'm the best one
Everything in the world
Is a possibility
Everything in the world, dear friends
It does take a freak
So, so, well, we just got a call
From a listener saying, yeah, we'll
Join you in that mighty subgenius parade
Actually, it's the K-N-O-N parade
But we gotta get out there, folks
And flaunt our abnormality
To let it all hang out
You know, we gotta get out there
You know, we gotta stay zipped up, so to speak, but...
There's letting it all hang out
And then there's public indecency
Oh, and how would you define indecency, dear sister?
Would you care to define some right now?
Oh, yes, dear friends
Well, this is a family show, so...
We better stop
Yeah, or else educate them
Is your family listening?
That's the most important part
Actually, we've got a conversation
We've got copies here tonight
Of both the Kama Sutra
Ah, yes, the Kama Sutra
I remember reading it to the goat woman
After the state fair
It worked wonders
I love the state fair
I saw lots of interesting things with goats out there
They had a company out there, True Story
It was, it was, um...
Don't mention True Stories to me, sister
Magnum Seamen Works
And they had, we'll do anything for a buck on their card
And I believe that's what they did
I believed it when I saw them selling semen under the table
Those sailors out there
Those mighty sailors
Seamen on the bounding main, so to speak
Well, these were all in a little glass tube
And proof, proof, dear friends
Proof is all around us
But, you know, Bob called sex the divine battle
But is there an unbridgeable, undestroyable barrier
Between men and women that will keep them forever warring?
Against each other?
A.
I mean, uh...
You know, we believe that the
Although the war between the states lasted only a few years
The war between men and women is an ongoing process
That shall never end
But, friends, you better, you better praise Bob for that
So don't succumb to humanists' thinking
Get out there and fight to the death
The, the heavy combat of love, dear friends
Huh!
Well, love doesn't always enter into it, remember that
It takes a freak
They said last time
That's what the sign around their neck said
Wild girls, they're pretty funny
Sometimes they drive me mad
Bad girls, just want to go
Bob?
Don't I, just don't have that much time
Oh, yeah!
Help me, somebody
Why these girls are so gentle?
Why?
They're really such a team
They never know how to keep them inside their silky sleeves
But, Reverend Belt, Reverend Belt
Yes, I'm sorry, I was sitting here busy reading this
I want to know why your copy of the Kamara Sutra don't have no pictures
Oh, well
Is this a Meese Commission expurgated report?
I took the pictures out to let them dry on the heater
Uh-huh
Oh, yeah!
I should have worn a rubber glove
Not only do we have in our possession the Kamara Sutra
But also the Perfumed Garden
Which is an ancient Arabic book
Translated, the Treatise on Love
Translated by Sir Richard Burton
Is that when he was married to Elizabeth Taylor?
No, this was a different Richard Burton
This was one who lived
Although there has always been a Richard Burton
I'm sure
And someday his head shall be launched
And grow old again

And sweet dreams and great rituals
But that's years in the future
But these books
These old sex manuals
Will tell you a lot more than your modern-day Bibles
Such as how to pick up girls and so forth
This one here talks about men who are to be held in contempt
Gals, and I'm sure many of you can identify with this
It says here
Know, O my sister, to whom God be merciful, that a man who is mimicking God's Word



misshapen of coarse appearance,
and whose member, well, that's not going to,
is contemptible in the eyes of women.
And when such a man hath a bout with a woman,
he does not do his business with vigor
and in a manner to give her enjoyment.
He lays himself down upon her without previous toying.
He does not kiss her nor twine himself around her.
He does not bite her nor suck her lips nor tickle her.
That beast.
And these are the pinks, my friends.
This is the pink style of physical love.
And I don't mean pink like, you know, in Penthouse.
No.
Hustler.
I'm talking about pink, not like a baby's shiny behind, dear friends,
but an evil, ooh, an evil kind of pinkness.
The pinkness of a McDonald's advertisement.
The pinkness of that person driving the Porsche that you know doesn't deserve it.
A man.
I do.
And a woman.
And a child.
Oh, bless the little children.
They do, don't they?
That's another good thing about families.
Yeah, well, but you know, when you have kids, then they get your slack.
Boy, they sure do.
And especially when they wander into the bedroom at those inopportune times.
Or when they find your electrical devices.
Or when they find your Japanese manuals upon you.
Well, I bet you and I have many funny little anecdotes.
We could tell.
I could tell you embarrassing stories.
A woman who's lived better electrically, I'd rather not share my
Yes, the solo fight of love.
But, as she said the other night...
Hello darling.
Hello darling.
Hello darling.
Hello darling.
Hello darling.
Hello darling.
Well, friends, I don't understand the lyrics to that one.
You know, modern-day music, you just can't hardly keep up with what they're trying to tell you.
That one's from a subgenius in England, Pete Scott.
Pete Scott, great Pete Scott.
But, at the same time, the fabulous Billy Goons had this to say about the same subject.
Bang, bang, it said on the sixth floor of the school book repository.
Well, Bernie Smith said he knows a spot.
He says he's been there a while.
He said he paid a visit.
We know he flogged his bishop.
I'm searching for that chief out of love.
I'm searching for chief out of love.
I'm searching for chief out of love.
I'm searching here and there to decide your underwear.
I'm searching for chief out of love.
I took that bishop to the middle kingdom.
It was like some wild animal show.
There were geeks and goons in here, but the chief's spot was nowhere.
I'm searching for chief out of love.
Tiring.
synth rock music
synth rock music
Rhyming vilain~~~
What was that you were just told?
Let me, let me pull the.
This was the fabulous Billy Goon's friends searching for the G spot of your love.
That's Reverend Cleve Duncan.
I guess he's not,
he sings in the background.

on that.
Oh, friends.
This is a
juvenile hour of slack,
isn't it? It ain't that great.
Peter Pan shall never
grow up, never
grow old. Now, what
were you just talking about there, Reverend
Chester?
I was confused. I was
so overwhelmed by that song.
You know, you know, sex
and karma in music these days
is so intense. You know, we use
we use sex
as opposed to procreation to sell just
everything, while we use it to sell
toilet paper. Have you seen that commercial with the
woman in the diaphanous white gown
and the naked little baby against her body
singing about toilet paper against
the dark moon? I kind of
couldn't understand about the
naked baby and the toilet paper
until I thought, you hold that baby long enough,
you'll be using that toilet paper.
We use sex to sell
everything. And it's so
prevalent in music. Remember when it was
whole lot of loving, whole lot of kissing?
You don't know what you've been missing?
Well, thanks to Prince and Madonna,
now you do.
Oh, yes.
Yeah, I love Madonna.
She's done so much to enhance the image
of young women in America today.
Why? Where else in the world?
But in America, could you see a young
overly underweared young lady
dressed in excessively
religious jewelry singing about
being like a virgin? And now,
praise her, she has
at least gotten a little bit more respectable
instead of like a virgin touched
for the very first time, which was kind of
boring to me. I don't know why she'd be singing about
that. I'm kind
of distressed. You know, she was kind of
indiscriminate, but now she may be
out having procreatory experiences,
but dang it, she's been,
being responsible. She's keeping her
baby.
Oh, friends, yeah, and if you can't
keep your baby, give it to the church.
Yes, it's tax deductible.
We've got a home for slackless children here.
And friends, you know, you can't
use, fetus brain tissue is a
valuable resource in this country.
We've had to go for
the operations for the new overmen
and uberwomen. We've had to go to
Malaysia, to China, because fetuses
are so much more available in those places.
Here, oh, they have sanctions.
Against that sort of thing. But you know,
it's the only, fetus brain tissue is the only
kind that will transplant. And
you know, because it doesn't reject.
It's open to anything.
And that's what you need to be. You need to blank
your mind, dear friends. Blank it to
everything, except Bob
or Connie, depending on your
camp and what you were endowed with by
Wotan.
Whew.
I don't care
what people
think.
I don't care
how we look
or that's my street.
But this
is not the whole
story. Draperies,
as I had now discovered,
are much more than devices
for the introduction of
non-representational forms
into naturalistic paintings
and sculptures.
With the rest of the normal sea,
only,
under the influence of drugs,
the subgenius is congenitally
equipped to see all the
time. His perception
is not limited to what is
biologically or socially
useful. A limit of the
knowledge belonging to mind
at large oozes past
the reducing valve of brain
and ego into his
consciousness. It is
a knowledge of the intrinsic significance
of every existent.
For the subgenius,
as for the drug taker,
draperies are living hieroglyphs
that stand in some
particularly expressive
way for the unfathomable
mystery of pure being.
More even than
the chair, though less
perhaps than those holy
supernatural flowers,
the folds of my grey flower
trousers were charged with
isness. To what they
owe this privileged status,
I cannot say.
Is it perhaps the power of the divine?
Perhaps because the forms of folded
drapery are so strange
and dramatic that they catch the eye
and in this way force
the miraculous fact of sheer
existence upon the attention?
Huuuugh!
Oh, yes, France. You know, we just got another
one of those calls where they go,
You're doing this.
...and your stomach grows tighter as each day
passes by. No matter how hard you try.
It does, it does. It gets tougher and tougher,
friends. And, uh,
but, you know, I mean, why?
Why would we, why would we?
He said it was just as bad as those other
bad religious shows.
Friends, we've been trying
so hard to be worse. We really have.
I mean, it breaks
my heart that we're
doing this on the radio and no
one has killed us yet. Do you realize
what this says about America?
We're number three. We're number three.
Oh, so we're gonna just change
tactics and just play some educational
material here for you.
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it. Can you just say who's...
It's not safe. No, it's not safe.
In Series 7, you learned about
many of the interesting creatures who
live on Mars, including
the tiny, microscopic
Gonococcus erythrosia,
or Martian peen worm.
Today,
with the help of a neutron micro
holographic scanner, we'll look
into a dead Martian intestine,
the peen worm's natural
habitat, and see the whole
life cycle of this simple
aeroniobe unfold
as if by magic.
As the miracle of reproduction
begins, our lone
hero is still a mere tube of
psychoplasm.
But soon, a frenzy of chemical
activity called the amphetophase
seizes the microbe, and by
the mysterious process called
osmiotic blooming, it
starts to clot.
It grows a rudimentary
megastamen and anthorite,
and swiftly matures into
the spore of sex A,
the gameteoroid.
Unscientifically,
it might be called the male.
He discovers his own
nasophallosian tube,
and performs hermaphroditic
autofusion until he
spills a secretion of preposterol.
This triggers the morphase
to begin, and up sprouts
sex B, the so-called
female, or
female, or female.
This is a simple, simple

Her thorax produces the
Jovian knobs, and she even
has a feeble nucleic eyeball,
merely as powerful as that
of the male.
A surprisingly complex
courting ritual is initiated.
She produces
special chemicals called
mojo bodies, which excite
her partner.
She places her stigmat on
his cloacal apparatus,
and performs parthenodulation.
He achieves cytospasm
and germiates.
And,
in nature's timeless tragedy,
the helpless male falls
victim to the eternal wiles
of the female, leaving
naught but a pool of albuminal
sperm.
Using her oviduct as an
oral groove, she saps every
last trace of her former lover,
as the layman would call him.
Spermatogenocide is committed,
and it's almost as if she's
smiling.
Now, for the live,
look for anthroxaginous.
It's like a holy, holy, holy,
holy, holy, holy, holy, holy,
holy, holy, holy, holy, holy,
holy, holy, holy, holy, holy,


holy, holy, holy, holy.

holy, holy.
Like the stay,
is the

that we
are
fade
away
from
which
slowly
is
white
,
light




her
hand




which
lamely

beloved

attention which was just the idea and friends they're all going to be down at that parade so
hundreds and hundreds of seriously intense subgenius women who are looking for that
opportunity to spread bob's word not going to manhandle any poor little girl and do you know
that i have not been in a city for the last probably five or six years i've not had to deal
with children who this has been their affair since they were little children
oh feel my love baby
ears open for uh ron lindsey who's going to be coming in next to do the soul oldest show
friends another form of slack slack you can drink out of your radio dear friends oh yeah
this is the swinging love course
you
do and feel my love
i gotta throw a thing
my love
oh yes dear friends bob has a mighty big love for you and so does connie
and there's room for all of us subgeniuses to crawl inside the mothership the escape vessels
of the pleasure goddesses friends and and may and when that great rupture comes those who hate this
show will be left down for a while and i'm going to be there for you and i'm going to be there for you
cherish
p Jewish
but
someone

a
year
you
have
our
are some few out there who intuitively know that, you know, you're not joiners. You don't want to
join some cult, but you do want to save your wallet in the end times when the strange
occurrences that come about during the tribulation period. And friends, there's going to be diseases.
You think there's bad diseases around now. You ain't seen nothing yet. So you're going to want to write for
information from Bob Dobbs, because only, you know, Bob is not the answer, but neither is anything else.
And it takes a lot to realize that, to get to the point where you can pull the wool over your own
eyes. Ah, yes. And so we're coming to the end of another hour of slack. So sad that they only allow
you one hour, but you need to write to Bob. Get that pencil ready.
At the
Mice and the

Mighty, the Mighty P.O. Box. And you don't even have to send money or anything.
But it would be appreciated.
Hold that envelope on your lap and think for a while about Connie or Bob or both and drop it in the mail to P.O. Box 140306.
That's Box 140306 in Dallas.
Dallas, Texas.
7-5-2-1-4.
Ah, yes.
And what you can get for that free information request
is a lot different from what you can get for that dollar.
From Post Office Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas. 7-5-2-1-4.
And this marks the end of your subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Rerun of an ancient hour of slack tape number 55 from 1985 or so.
And we love you, dear friends.
