Yes, and praise Bob.
Time for show. Live show for you now.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
How come always scary on show, says Doug Smith.
Of Dallas, Texas?
Well, it's actually been some time since Gary has been on the show.
Strap in. Show's about to take off.
Oh my God, the pilot's dead.
He's been dead for over ten years.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry.
Power of Slang.
Sponsored by the church.
Of the subgenius.
Wow.
Wow.
Slang.
Praise.
Praise.
Praise.
Ah, yes, it's scary on the show again tonight.
Because, as it says in Isaiah 28, 7, 8,
the priest and the prophet have erred through strong drink.
They are swallowed up with wine.
They're out of the way through strong drink.
They err in vision.
They stumble in judgment.
For all tables are full of vomit and filthiness.
And there is no place clean.
Yes.
We're paying over.
Shut that baby up in there.
God, these babies, they get into all the subgenius shows.
Not just in Texas.
My equilibrium.
Distabilized.
Roar.
Yes, dear friends.
Welcome to Hour of Slang number 789.
The, uh, uh, continuation of the episode, the show, the show we're talking about.
The continuation of Hour of Slack number 51 from 1986 and number 52.
51 was the anti-drug subgenius special and 52 is the pro-frop subgenius special.
So slam those headphones on and be prepared, my dear, dear friends.
The official church position on drugs, friends, is that they don't show you a real world.
They don't expand your mind.
They only get you high.
And if you think you experienced a mystical state on, say, OLSD, you were wrong.
You were merely drunk as a lord.
So we're doing everything in our power to put a stop to the recent false subgenius show.

We're looking at every trip and break.
We're buttoning these and putting them in order.
We're looking at the
to that in the background that was the latest doc stock it's the doctors preparing the prescriptions
there's only one of these mind relinquishing substances that you should even consider
putting the gobble on and that's the sacred tibetan herb which is not a drug now you know if
you don't have to take the frock you can quit if you want to go sane if you want to keep your
so-called senses but how can we know the goddess of heaven seen on the slide lest we have for
comparison vomited into the porcelain bowls of hell for although the great inebriant of tibet
provides only an illusory vision of time control yet such a glimpse fortifies the subgenius
and he follows the taste of that artificial slack drooling like a dog in a rut he is a dauntless
experience of his life and the fact that he has a brain of his own has made him a real man and his
explorer of fake horizons.
For, of all the sacraments,
Frop does not wear off.
What's wrong with you?
We like you and should ignore you.
But instead...
Well, I went on down to my girlfriend's shack
to see how they did hang.
When I got there, her cupboard was bare.
I couldn't ignite a thing.
There was no shard, no bone, no twig.
I brought my comic book collection.
What's about this big, yeah?
Frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to top?
I found my dog food collection
about five bucks.
I thought I'd call that rip-off schmuck.
Forgot he was in jail.
Ended up killing a porcupine
just to see if I could smoke his rind.
Oh, frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to top?
Yeah, frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to top?
I don't know what I am going to do,
I just know, that this here trip ain't through.
I just know, that this here trip ain't through.
Oh...
Oh, frop without slack is like slack without frop.
But where the hell else am I going to top?
Frop without slack is like slack without frop.
where the hell else am I going to top?
Yeah...
Yeah, frop without slack is like slack without f...

is like slack without frop don't come from that guy there the hell else
oh this is how to prop the zippy lofts too you know you can smell it it doesn't smell like
marijuana at all if you can it's got a very it's got a very good smell for our viewers and odor
at home and uh i don't like this stuff it is free we have to smoke it it's it's it's one of the rules
we're talking about a barrel of have a from we're talking about a void a limitless void of have a
frog right we're talking about several alternate realities we're talking about your basic i mean
and another thing i want to tell you about tonight uh we've had some
calamity
times in malaysia you might have heard about all the rains we had
yes dear friends it was flooding over here but oh bob oh good old bob knew that when it flooded
in malaysia you better build your houses on stilts so all our houses are built on stilts
over here dear friends we knew a long time ago that when those flood waters came we better be
sitting pretty sitting high so nobody could come by and speaking of
sitting high we need something over here in malaysia yes our whole drug cabinet was washed
away and after a flood you know we need some drugs we need some drugs that can help the people out
here so what i want y'all to do
is
love you
bob
bob loves you
love you
love you
love you
love you
love you
love you
love you
love you
love you
love you
but first are you experienced
i hope you're the best
are you experienced
You know, I was walking down the beach
Trying to get to my woody
Well, I had my suds cold and my buds was gold
I was gonna get high and get real drunk
Lay in the sand
With my beach buddy
With my beach buddy
But out of the side of my eye
I saw the ultimate wave
The super wave
It was the most stoked out stud wave in all reality
It was 900 feet tall
And on the back side of reality too
I saw a black hole right in the middle of it
A vortex
A vortex
A vortex
I was ready to shoot through that black hole
Had my molecules rearranged
I'm gonna hang five as I shoot through the black hole
Of the vortex of the super wave
The most god awful wave in reality
On the back side of reality
The front side and the left and the right side
Whoo!
That was tubing
Whoo!
Whoo!
I was fixin' to cut out
Whoo!
Whoo!

Whoo!
And then
Whoo!
And then
a giant
Roaches McFallan

A giant
Shooting McFallan
It's one of those watch-a-ma-couches
that open up right out of the sea.
Big old giant one that starts sucking me down.
It's like a vortex funnel
sucking me down to the bottom of the ocean.
I was getting sucked down.
And you know, as much as I hate to admit it,
it felt pretty good.
It felt pretty good getting sucked down
in that vortex wave all the way down to the bottom of the ocean.
But God, I hate to admit it.
But God, I hate to admit it.
It felt pretty good.
But I hate to admit it.
Moving on down on the backside of reality.
My bad, I'm doing it from the side.
Riding away and stoking on my five things.
Moving on down to the backside of reality.
Riding on my five, we're stoking on my five things.
Huh.
Huh.
Mojo can really play the drums.
He was stuck down in this group thing.
He was laying down on the backside of reality on those tracks.
Now how about the song Backside of Reality?
Our audience here is very familiar with that song.
We play it every week.
It was back in our acid days.
Back when we used to consume a lot of LSD.
Yes, I know that might be...
You...
You...
The Swingin' Love Courses at one time was a hippie LSD band.
Yeah, we don't really like to brag.
We don't talk about it.
We don't really advocate it.
We did expand our consciousness.
But I thought that you...
You condoned contracted consciousness.
We condone contracted consciousness.
Yeah.
And expanded consciousness.
Consciousness.
Yes.
Consciousness.
Ness, ness, ness.
Ness, ness, ness.
Uh, well...
So some of your music has actually has been LSD influenced.
Uh...
Right, that...
And that is...
Like, what is the similarity here?
I'm reminded of the 60's garage bands.
That's like LSD.
Lollipop sugar donuts.
LSD lollipop.
Lollipop mountains appearing from the sky.
We got high on high doses of sugar.
That's what it was.
Why did you...
We got high on sugar.
And, uh...
And we called it LSD just to cut a joke.
And you would have visions and get into the back side of reality.
You would actually drive the curl into the back, into the vortex.
Right, it's like the molecules...
Oh, this is my favorite, uh...
This is beautiful.
These vicious junkies and...
...the unknown.
Perhaps the stew bums understand the sacrament of the wine best.
Or, it's...
It's outside the church in the street that one truly feels the touch.
So, it's...




They're drinking the real blood of Jesus, friends, or the blood of Bob or whoever,
out of those green Thunderbird bottles.
Bob was not beaten up in vain.
His blood became the muscatel, the mad dog, the night train that those boys ride.
It does what religion is supposed to do.
It makes them feel so good.
Ah, yes.
It is the pink, suburban, respectable alcoholic who has no excuse and, verily, no hope.
Well, perhaps there is one thing that can bring them from their closet of opiated, self-hating secrecy.
Perhaps, if they turned to the frop lords of Tibet.
Yes, we must.
The most pious arch-popes condone, violently, the most frequent possible indulgence unto intoxication and beyond
of the revered and despised grief-easer of the mountains,
the warrior against pain, the healing herb, habifrop zipulops.
Whether taken as smoke, liquid food, or as Bob's pills, trademark,
it, above all the other medicinal substances, spells relief.
From the hearty young stalks protruding from the Himalayan snow to the white frop dust that settles on the rim of Bob's pipe.
It's the closest thing to the untainted essence of Odin on earth.
How else can we regard that which produces in the devoted user such superhuman clarity of insight?
Such sensory hyper-anesthesia?
Such total loss of judgment which yet is profound wisdom?
Such placid ecstasy?
Ecstasy and blessed repose, which in short, is the only shortcut to the realization of the Dobbs state.
The Exists planted our beloved frop on earth near the close of the age of dinosaurs.
Bob tells us it may well be Jehovah One's main instrument for evolution on this planet,
having very possibly been the device which brought down the great reptiles, allowing us mammals to take their place as large destroyers.
And yet, also, frop is that which will, with Bob's guidance,
likewise complete the usurpation as dominant species of the humans by the subgenius hordes.
Frop's detractors, mostly alcoholics and potheads, scream that it is a physically addictive vampire root
from whose siren embrace no man can tug free.
We shout, hallelujah!
Praise Bob, of course it is!
And is the Lord himself one bit less?
Less habit-forming?
Habit-frop-zipulops teaches us, ultimately, that all is one, that up is down.
It allows us to converse with trees, and to see prophetic and accurate visions of the future in our shoes,
our album covers, in the strange reflections on our toasters.
An ascetic frop master in Tibet or Dobbs Town can, with diligent consumption, finally lose all interest in everything,
achieving the paranervanic state closest to Bob's.
And so, in the end, Bob himself.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The

The
The The Thoughborn

Gothaughton High College, Indico, Texas
The waitigallot
In heaven, everything is fine
You got your good things and you got mine
My equilibrium destabilized
As a young man, I was full of life and imagination and ideas
Now I know it's all just an illusion
And you, you think your mission is so very important
To me, it means nothing
I really don't care if you win or lose
It's what our free society is bound for
Do you think they give a damn about their bills in Russia?
I said do you think they give a damn about their bills in Russia?
They don't pay bills in Russia, it's all free
Huh?
I ain't no commie
You better not be, I don't want no commies in my car
No Christians either
A lot of people don't realize what's really going on
They view life as a bunch of unconnected incidents and things
They don't realize that theirs is like
A ladder to heaven
It's just a coincidence that lays on top of everything
Give me an example, I'll show you what I mean
Suppose you're thinking about a plate of shrimp
Suddenly somebody will say like plate or shrimp or plate or shrimp
Out of the blue, no explanation
No point in looking for one either
It's all part of a cosmic unconsciousness
You eat a lot of acid, Miller, back in the hippie days?
I'll give you another instance
You know what, what's your name, Pep?

You know the way everybody's into weirdness right now?
Books in all the supermarkets about commuter triangles,
UFOs, how the Mayans invented television,
that kind of thing?
I don't read them books.
Well, the way I see it, it's exactly the same.
There ain't no difference between a flying saucer
and a time machine.
People get so hung up on specifics,
they miss out on seeing the whole thing.
Take South America, for example.
In South America, thousands of people go missing every year.
Nobody knows where they go.
Just like disappear.
But if you think about it for a minute,
you realize something.
There had to be a time when there was no people, right?
Yeah, I guess.
Well, where did all these people come from?
I don't know.
Hmm?
I'll tell you where.
The future.
Where'd all these people disappear to?
Hmm?
The past.
That's right.
And how'd they get there?
Flying saucers.
Which are really...
Yeah, you got it.
Time machines.
I think a lot about this kind of stuff.
I do my best thinking on the bus.
That's how come I don't drive, see?
You don't even know how to drive.
I don't want to know how.
I don't want to learn, see?
The more you drive, the less intelligent you are.
Oh, not necessarily beautiful, but mutated.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's right.


I got a letter from a prisoner.
Prisoner?
A prisoner in Atlanta, or near to Atlanta.
Actually, his prison address here is in Delaware.
Well, what's he in prison for?
What do we have here?
Listen to this letter.
It'll assist you to communicate.
I mean, communicate.
This was sent to us here in Cleveland, not to the Dallas headquarters.
He goes, almighty holy messenger, my name is Noah Hughes, aka Pope Nasty.
I don't know what's up.
no account. I'm a devout
subgenius whose rights
to slack are being withheld through
a local department of corrections.
I'm currently being held in
Gander Hill Prison,
located in Wilmington, Delaware, on charges
of
possession.
I'm looking at about
three more years, and
they repeatedly had
church material refused
for no other reason than
it's the conspiracy.
I'm asking you to please send
any church information or prayer
material. Prisoners always want it free.
As well as documentation
of any kind to show
that our glorious church is recognized
by the government as an actual
religion. Well, it's not.
Which is too
bad for all those people I've married.
I'm working on building
a case against the prison
for isolation of my
First Amendment rights.
A violation of them. So please,
please,
feel free to forward any and all
information pertaining to these
hate topics and requests.
My body is totally
slack-free.
And I'm hurting for some of your
old-time religion.
Also, please use the church name on the return
address so I can receive said slack.
God bless you, my fine friend. Give me slack.
Praise Bob.
Oh, that poor man. Now to discuss
his actual agonizing condition.
Just think of what he must go
through every day. He
bangs a tin cup against the
cell door. A guy with one of those
1930s King Kong hats comes
by and pulls out his old
billy stick and starts clubbing him
ferociously until the guy next
door, who is
somewhere near 455
pounds of solid muscle with a shaved
head, has barbecue shavings
with him.
That is so disgusting.
And for what? What did this man do
to deserve this?
All this man did
was lick a black hole. That's all
he did. And did that hurt anybody
else? No. Well, no, my friend,
you don't understand. The reason why
we are against drugs is
because they are against us. Don't you
understand what it is saying? But yet
you can buy heroin down at the supermarket.
I mean, beer. You can buy false hair
anywhere, pal. That doesn't mean you're not going to
stay bald. You can get crack down at the liquor store. I mean, whiskey.
You know, I mean, you can get
you can get narcotics
anywhere. You could be a narcotic.
All this man did was have
some frock. He should have told the judge.
He should have told the judge.
I am drugs.
He's probably got three more years of looking
in the black hole.
I guess I better put
God in prison
for growing frock.
The last time I heard, Mr. God
was growing marijuana and frock.
Both. By the roadside,
my friend, all over this country
and many others. I guess I better
put God in that.
Sander Hill prison.
That God is in jail right now.
Well, that's kind of one of the main
problems or why we are having so many
problems right now.
They're lowering the coffin of God into the ground.
God is dead.
God is not dead.
He's doing 15 to 25
at a minimum. Well, not really a minimum.
There is barbed wire, but
he can't get out. For possession. For growing.
Well, no. Actually, just for
consorting with an angular
object.
I think there were even more
of a curse than that.
I think they're working on throwing the sun
in the hoosegall, too.
I thought God was arrested by the
four-dimensional sheriff.
Four-dimensional sheriff.
For trying to break into the fifth dimension.
Yeah, because we've got only a
three-dimensional God.
He was getting so bad for his brick.
Well, actually, maybe
God's just a four-dimensional critter
and every now and then you just see a wavering light
in the air and you hear a voice.
So everybody goes,
God!
So maybe you're saying God got thrown in jail
for doing... No, God, he's just an
adventurer. He's like a guy who
lives in the four-dimensional world.
It lives in the four-dimensional land.
But, uh,
he's just out tooling around one day
and stuck his head in on Earth, you know?
Oh, man. What a mistake.
It's like us looking through a microscope at a bunch
of microbes.
He looked around at the people and he was just like,
you know, dudes, like, you shouldn't kill.
Like, don't do that.
And he kind of stuck his finger out when he said that.
But, you know, that's what came through
to three dimensions.
When he stuck his finger out, he kind of, like, passed through
and they said...
And he said, do not kill him.
They wrote it on a stone.
They all said, kill him! Kill him!
And then they realized every time they killed him,
he kept on coming back every Easter,
so they put his ass in jail and they're not letting him out.
Aren't you mixing up God with Jesus, Dave?
Oh.
His son. That's his little boy.
God Jesus.
I beg to differ with myself.
God is not only his only purified self,
but he's also an alien vestigal.
He's three in one. Three great candies in one.
May he rest in peace.
Yeah, or may he get some slack time in the yards,
you know, without...
Yeah, because not only did he grow the frog,
but he grew the humans
and gave them these brains
whereby they would figure out
that if they chewed on the frog
and packed it up their eggs, it would have felt kind of good.
And so they did it
because they could.
Now, I think God should be thrown in jail for that.
I think jail should probably be his most divine wish.
Because somewhere there's a 15-year-old smoking pot
and God's God's responsibility.
He brought it around.
He's that kid's father.
We're all children of God.
Wild wood weed.
What if God actually did look like divine, though?
I mean, wouldn't that be a stunning surprise
to walk into the heavenly gates
and there's St. Peter and he's all bespectacled.
And he looks like he's got, you know,
like a foreskin around his neck.
Now, that's how God will look to Jesse Helms.
With a foreskin around his neck, right,
and a biting, angry, one-eyed head.
That's the way Jesse Helms will die.
God will look like the young kitten
Nativi Dodd
in an early Russ Meyer film.
Kitten Nativi Dodd.
God's boy's in the White House now,
so we should be seeing a lot more of this.
Bob's boy?
Well, that's the two-dimensional God
I think you're talking about.
This morning they, uh, uh, yeah.
This morning they found the Bush daughters
passed out in their own puke
on the front lawn of the White House.
That could be a well,
that could be true, couldn't it?
It is.
It is.
It is a true thing?
Yeah.
You know how you can lie to me
in their own puke.
That was when I quit.
That was my last drink.
That was the problem.
I woke up on the White House lawn
in a puddle of my own puke.
Wearing that duck suit and a brassiere.
I scratched deep gouges in the door
with my fingernail the night before.
And you realized one tooth was missing
and they were like,
you were wearing lipstick.
I was, I realized that I better quit drinking.
But you know, those Secret Service guys
never did quit,
because there's still guys scratching at the door.
Those guys don't buy liquor for young broads.
Everybody's drinking on the job.
And so did you.
But to bring downpaper driJordan
Frop without slack dear friends.
Mhmm.
The users of drugs,
drugs dear friends on the other hand,
are placing themselves
in grave danger, they can never get as truly fried as they want to be.
They've got to take one on top of the other.
Sometimes they take so many that when they forget one or two, they later get mad at themselves
for it.
So to keep mentally levitating, they always need more.
Sooner or later, they burn out and become too slacked to react.
As they say, the brain tunnels through which they once excavated and blasted with such
drunken zeal begin to cave in.
The abuser wakes up one day impaired.
His muscles feel ravaged, his nerves nullified.
There's a hollowness inside, but a hot hollowness.
And discomfort mounts to panic as he realizes he's annihilated one brain cell too many.
His teeth grind, his cells shrivel, yet seem to scream for more when there is none.
None.
None.
None.
His skin exudes bitter greases from every pore as if he were getting a long overdue oil change.
Everything's clammy and numb to the touch.
His eternal itch gasps and convulses with the amputation nausea of something missing.
The electric glue of his brain becomes tacky and stiffens.
The snot-like shock fluid in which the brain once cozily floated has drained away and the
dried husk of gray matter slams against the rough,
soft cranial walls with every movement of the head.
The gyroscopes inside the ears' balance tubes wobble crazily,
and the world is no end up.
The floor lurches and shifts its steepness and changes its slant right under his feet.
If he lays down, he suffers the slow ovals,
the bed seeming to spin very slowly end over end through space.
He goes to the bathroom to expel the bad water,
but his urine smells burnt and leaks out in a weak radioactive dribble.
He looks in the mirror.
His skin is Krishna blue in pallor,
and he worries that the quiet interior shattering noises he hears
are the sounds of his blood crystallizing.
His heart starts to dry hump the back of his throat in hysteria,
for he knows that to die on drugs is to doom his soul
to eternal earthbound wandering in a purgatory
where the liquor store.
The doors are all closed.
If the nental eye is intoxicated,
the very soul is intoxicated when the body dies,
it doesn't know it's dead and so never heads for heaven.
Laying on the floor,
glowing feebly in the dark,
the wretch moans out the drug user's lament.
I can't decipher anything.
Put me where you want me.
Give me rubber blankets.
Eventually, his cohorts,
his friends,

show up and give him succor in the form of more,
and the wheel starts rolling again.
The conspiracy encourages, blatantly,
a useless, empty pattern of social drug abuse in its slaves.
The anti-reality sleep drugs like alcohol and downers are legal pretty much,
while the wake-up drugs are only available.
You can tell which ones they'd rather you take.
The end.
The end.
The end.
The end.
Uh, hey guys?
Yeah, yeah, over there.
Yeah, yeah, I just got a question for ya.
I saw you smokin' and I was just wonderin', uh,
that ain't F.R.O.P. now, is it? Uh, I don't know.
Uh, it is?
Oh!
Oh, hot damn!
Man, uh, man, this is some...
I've never seen F.R.O.P. before.
I mean, never tried it or anything, you know.
Of course, I'd really like to try it, you know.
Um, you know, just a little bit, just to see what it's like, you know.
Maybe compare it to some like, uh, you know, marijuana or, um,
or tobacco or banana peels, you know, whatever, you know.
Um, but, you know, just, just, you know, a little, just take a little bit, you know.
Not, not a whole lot or anything like that, you know.
Just enough to give me a hit, you know.
You know, not enough to fill up my lungs or anything, you know.
Just, uh, for me? I can try it? Really?
Oh, well, man, that's, uh, that's really generous of you, man.
Uh, uh, I think I will. Thank you.
Um, okay. Alright, I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
Oh, man, I'm just really nervous here, you know.
I've never tried F.R.O.P. before, you know.
I don't know what it's gonna do.
Or anything, you know.
You know, okay.
Alright.
I'm really gonna try it now.
Um, um, um, it's not lit.
Oh, oh, it makes its own fumes.
Okay, alright.
You know, you don't have to light it for anything?
No? You just, you just suck on it.
Alright, alright. Okay.
We'll give this one a try then.
Alright.
Here goes nothing.
Alright.
I'm gonna do it.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...


... ...
...
..
...
I love you.
I love you.
Damn, that stuff got on top of me.
It got right on top of me, man.
Can I have some more?
You know, just a little bit, you know.
Not anything really major or anything.
With Frop, Bob gives his most insanely courageous warriors,
the Brotherhood of Bob, brief glimpses of the before life,
the pleasure dimension foretold by the prophet Janer.
And it fortifies them in their acts of terminal mercy.
It steals the nerves and frees the wills
of his children.
It is the most important thing
for the chosen instruments of death and eternal slack.
Slack Squad missionary Poonflang Dammerung
spoke lovingly of it in Economicon 714
before his immortal last mission
in a testimonial to his Lord Bob's ways.
Yes, Poonflang said, Bob shares of his own pipe with us
before each foray into the belly of the beast.
It gives us the knowledge of our true will
and how it is juxtaposed with Bob's.
We all grip each other by the shoulders
and sidle together in a great circle
as we chant together between the holy dosages.
The dizzying Frop fumes combine with the endless
rhythmical repetitions to create a living vortex power
of unspeakable ecstasy.
Kill, kill for the love of killing.
Kill for the love of Kali.
Kill, kill for fun.
Kill to be free.
Kill like a man to make America great.
While alcohol wantonly destroys brain tissue,
sloughing it off to be passed in the morning
as the wasted dead ravages of wine,
Frop does not kill brain cells, nay nay,
but mutates them, causes them to multiply faster.
Each succeeding generation is, of course,
stronger than those before it.
Man made booze.
Bob made Frop.
Who do you trust?
Frop enables one to see with the eyes closed.
This is known as the unblinking stare of the over-lid.
Through it, one may pass through the gates of the Frop Lord
into the Frop City of the soul.
Once the seeker has reached bardo 18 of the 18th hole
of hanger 18 of Zombo Fropland,
he may think the same thought over and over and over and over and over
and yet never care, never feel boredom.
The Frop entered through the forehead and exited through the eyes
of the upper back of the neck.
The possessing demon was exorcised instantly
and the president, if not his brain or the governor's, was saved.
This, my friends, is Frop.
But whether you're a Frop head or not,
the true subgenius forces the body to stand upright
where it can see further.
He shows authority over the drug fiend which houses the brain.
Our rightful place has been usurped by our own bodies,
and we want to see the man in charge.
And it's Bob!
Bob is the true mind storm, my friends,
the godly lobe explosion in your skull.
Who needs dope?
You never come down from the high of Bob.
Bob is the drug, friends.
The conspiracy is the real drug that drugs you,
that makes you want to go to sleep or to kick ass for no reason.
Bob is the drug that...
makes you kick ass where it counts.
The drug of remembering who you are,
the drug that wakes you up,
the drug that makes you see or leaves you be!
Praise Bob!
It's ho for horse or meth or dream to start the swinging mood.
While rats run up my trouser legs,
roaches share my food.
Rats and roaches nuzzle me when it's dark and hot.
Love, love, it's all the same, mixing speed and part.
First a rat and then a roach are both as like as not.
If I can't find a fix tonight, my marrow bones will rot.
Goodbye, transcendent dominos.
Walking square, I haven't long to stay.
A double jolt of heroin and I'll be on my way.
Getting stoned on sunshine, getting high on air.
Getting to it naturally, really getting there.
Getting such a high on it,
loving what I do.
I'm so full of happiness,
hooked on something new.
Life is such a trippy thing.
Hello birdies, hello spring.
Each day on earth is a day that's worth remembering.
And I mean just what I say.
Life is such a joy.
I'm a groovy thing.
Don't pity me.
I'm glad to be a ding-a-ling.
Ding-a-ling.
What bird in the world are you?
Are you an experience?
Well, have you ever been an experience?
Well, I have.
I have.
I've had a접esia before.
Not necessarily stoning a dikkle bird,
but a beautiful Ditchfeldt bird.
Me too.
I've been a learner.
Nah, I'm lucky.
Yeah, I'm lucky.
Yeah, I'm lucky.
From the titanic Hundwijk eliminated

Outnant bal castle Abruzzo!
An out-of-港ל!
It'll be a blast!
God, these normal souls are amazing.
You can drink them, you can smoke them, you can eat them.
I don't know, who knows what you can do with them.
You can even snort them.
I'm rubbing one up under my gums.
I'm going to try a line of this human soul here, if you'll excuse me.
Now that's what I call soul.
That must have been a fairly intelligent normal.
Oh no, that wasn't a normal.
I think I got some of his memories off of that.
How?
Yeah, I'm seeing this little woman.
In the 40s, just for a second.
That's probably the guy's mom.
Yeah.
God, you can snort their souls and these little primal memories.
You've just got to give them final unction and dry them out first.
God, how long have you guys known about this?
I mean, was this something the Indians had down there?
Yeah, yeah.
It's too rainy to light a fire to smoke a soul a lot of times,
so they just dry it and keep it with volcanic ash.
Rock as an absorbent.
And they just grind it up and snort it through huge, huge caves.
But they didn't have the technology to extract souls.
I mean, how'd they get them under pressure?
How'd they get them into the canisters?
They don't do it that way.
They just feed them the right amount of herbs and plants
and the soul just drips out of the nasal and anal.
You're kidding.
No.
Why can't we do that?
We can if we've got the right pills.
It's kind of, you know, it's all organic.
I mean, you know, there's two ways you can extract.
You can go high technology,
or you can go with just kerosene and a couple of guys with a pair.
Why did Bob set up these extraction machines?
I mean, what's this?
All you've got to do is you dig a little pit.
You dig a little pit in the ground,
you line it with plastic, peg down with wood,
and then you put the body in.
A normal, right?
Yeah.
Any normal?
Any normal.
Any normal that isn't dead yet.
The stole is still in him, right?
Uh-huh.
Okay, then you cover him with kerosene and acetone,
and then you just jump up and down on him
until it turns.
It's kind of green and thick.
Then you remove him, strain the liquid,
then you boil it, and you add sulfuric acid.
But then there's some kind of ritualistic...
I mean, what actually causes the transmutation?
Well, there's a group of people around the pit
adding a psychic element of the alchemy, you see.
They concentrate.
Oh, yeah, because they don't have the soul amplifier.
Right, so it's done with psychic methods.
God, it probably doesn't cost them.
You know, it costs them a couple of necklaces or a taper.
Well, they don't need electricity to do it.
Their pet taper.
The most expense they've got.
And it costs us a hundred grand a year
to keep these things pumping.
Well, you see, we use a lot of...
And not to mention the bodies and the souls
and getting rid of them and storing them.
The body dissolves in the solution completely.
Well, do you do up the body, too?
No, they just strain it out with a solid waste.
What do they do with that?
With that?
They press it into little cakes,
and burn it, like for fires and stuff like that.
They usually give it back to the guy's family.
How come the Western civilization didn't discover that?
Well, you see, it's because...
How come they haven't been ripped off yet?
How come we didn't rip them off?
Well, because we can pay for soul
and get it a lot cheaper from them than doing it up here,
because, you know, like down there,
nobody complains if you go through four or five hundred
bodies in one night, you know?
You can sit around and smoke all the soul you want.
I guess it would be kind of questionable
to be digging pits in your backyard
and throwing normal bodies in there.
Well, it's just little pressed cakes.
Noisy, if nothing else.
It's just little pressed cakes.
Most people barbecue on them later, you know?
You see?
And we've got to give half of them away
to wherever they're taken on Jupiter.
Well, of course, the thing about...
That weirds me out.
That's a good point.
A lot of things weird me out.
The fact is that you can't get any good soul
here in the States, dry or liquid.
It's always been cut with something.
And I like my soul unstepped on myself, you know?
Oh, yeah.
They'll use monkey souls, chimpanzee souls.
Hell, they just take up crystallized...
It's probably two-thirds...
They just take crystallized emotions
and mix them in, for God's sake.
I mean, you get a bad blast of rage
mixed in with your soul,
and the next thing you know, man, you...
That's probably what happened to me last.
Last week.
They put a lot of anguish in it, too, you know?
It just makes you depressed.
Whereas pure soul is nothing more than a psychic
and, you know, almanac amplifier.
And, you know, if your soul's in good shape
when you do pure soul,
I mean, it's even better.
But, you know, like, you put...
The stuff that's been stepped on
and mixed with monkey soul or alligator...
Yeah, next thing you know, your soul is...
It's tainted.
It's very tainted.
Got holes eating through it, you know?
Running up demagnetized soul,
bad golfer souls.
Yeah.
Can you imagine?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Been a useless banana head all of my days.
Spent my life in a drug and beauty.
Pick my head and eat all the bugs.
Why must I be a teenager on drugs?
I went out last night and got the drug.
I crashed my father's pickup truck.
And I went home and I puked on the rug.
Why must I be a teenager on drugs?
If I don't cut the shit, it's black to see.
I'm gonna spend my life doing PCP.
Each night I hang around with a bunch of cucks.
Why must I be a teenager on drugs?












My boss says next time I get thrown in jail
I love my daddy kinda, throw no clown
Each night I ask the stars up above
Why must I be a tinny drunkard?
Work in the body shop can't wait to get paid
Wanna get wasted I wanna get laid
Get all my gold I'll drive to the Cape
Don't get no results I'm gonna go ape
Hey, let me tell you about my new coat, X9, mate.
Pay me two bucks.
My pot is filled with flowers
My grass is bright and green
My tea is brewing in my cup
And my coffee is in my cup
And still I make the scene
So just don't try to change me
I love the world I've found
I've got to fly my own sweet way
Don't you shoot me down
Life is such a trippy thing
Hello, birdies, hello, spring
Each day on earth is a day that's worth remembering
And I mean just what I see
Life is such a groovy thing
Don't pity me, I'm glad to be
A ding-a-ling
Don't pity me, I'm glad to be
A ding-a-ling
A ding-a-ling
Don't pity me
Don't judge me
That you don't know watched that movie

Instead, you're only in the silent


All the moods in your head
Floyd cleanse your уже
Well, this is Reverend Ivan Stang with the Church of the Subgenius.
Those of you who want to know more about the church can write to Bob.
That's right, Bob at P.O. Box.
Get that pencil out now, friends.
P.O. Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
44118.
We're just writing for information, but you won't believe what you get.
Because you don't know about our books.
Well, we don't know any of that.
That's P.O. Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
44118.
You want to know just what we're playing and what we're doing here.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Or go ye to www.subgenius.com or email me, stang at subgenius.com.
But friends, I want to give credit for this mostly old show.
Hour of Slack number 52 from 1986.
Ding-a-ling is Frank and Nancy Sinatra Jr.
Teenager on Drugs was by the Dogmatics.
That was G. Gordon Gordon.
Describing the extraction of normal souls.
Actually, from Hour of Slack number 6.
The guy trying frot for the first time was Sheldon DeWeer.
Now, Pope S. Lilith on the CD, The Sheldon Weers.
The Sheldon Years.
Blah, blah, blah.
www.foolspress.com
Or mp3.com slash foolspress.
And of course, friends, we heard God in Prison.
Subscribed by Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Chaz, and me on ESO Swamp Radio and WCSB just recently.
The frop ranting was from the Book of the Subgenius.
We heard bits of Repo Man, Are You Experienced by Devo and Hendrix.
Doctors for Bob at DocStock1.
The Swingin' Love Corpses on the Backside of Reality.
Dr. Philo Drumming in Malaysia.
Frop Without Slack was by Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
And the background music is by me and Dr. X.
Praise Bob and good night.
But not goodbye, because I will see you at Brushwood, July 5th, 2001, 7 a.m.
Praise Bob.
When you leave this room...
My back will continue.
Inside of your own mind.
Inside of your own skull.
Go, go, go.
Take my word.
Tell me somebody.
I want to see you.
Take my word.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Tell me.

Go, go, go.
Bob Lunting.
Bob Lunting.
Bob Lunting.
Bob Lunting.
Bob Lunting.
Bob Lunting.
Bob Lunting.
Beep, beep.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
And we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that Slackback to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page or especially the radio page or the catalog,
store pages and help out financially as best you can. Now we know what it's like
to be on the brink of total poverty and we don't want any subgeniuses to make
their own situations worse. But some of you still have jobs. Even five bucks
makes a big difference even if it's only once a month from enough of you. Fifty
bucks makes an even bigger difference. All we're saying is that blow jobs could
go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay Dobbs. We also take checks and money
orders to Subgenius Foundation P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights Ohio 44118
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
