Tell St. Peter at the Golden Gate that you hate to make him wait, but you just gotta have another
Some Genius Hour of Smoking
From PR News in Washington, I'm facing two days of marijuana in Jacksonville, Florida.
Trump said, good people don't smoke.
PR News, Washington.
He said, we're only in the water.
The Dow is 39.
President Trump says this PR News is defective.
Trump says, we're only in the water.
The Dow is 39.
Trump says, we're only in the water.
Yeah
Oh
Man
Oh
Wow
Far out
I like the new landing pads on the bottom of the shows show well
Yeah, you agree
Everyone agrees these new show well landing pad struts or
Strut lifters are excellent. Excellent
You know, those are not immune to sabotage though. No, they're kind of delicate
Now I'm sure that on a certain planetoid of unnamed origin
they would be
rife for vandalism there are terrorists who use
chemicals
that
Slowly eat away at the infrastructure. I noticed that you know, and I'd say to them time bombs basically
You'd say bow Honda's man
Rust
Rust virus is loose. What would you say?
I got away from them. No. No, I can't say that we did
But what would you say to them I would say hello boys, I'm back but it's the wrong music I think
Hello boys
Oh
They got my attention that was really well don't we'll careful with his truck don't pay
Yeah
books millions of dollars
To replace those struts one thing you can there are lots of paperwork
I mean a good for clubbing baby seals, but other than that bio lifters. Yeah, you we club the baby harp seals
You gotta be tough and you gotta be mine to our field. Those are for you
Let me tell you
That's the sound I like sure sure sure yeah
Brilliant brilliant. I have to say that once a week. It's crowd-pleasing
Oh
Yes, thank you
puzzling evidence show from February 3rd 2012 when we were
Still driving to California every year
we'll be hearing more of that show and probably some fire sign theater and ESO swamp radio and
Lemur news and I don't know I haven't decided yet
This episode is late because we're in Texas and the whole state utterly shut down for repairs from Sunday to Thursday
the subgenius foundation
Headquarters is now repaired anyway for a while there. We were sleeping under nine blankets and five dogs and cats
And this was a real bad week for trying to house train the two new puppies
adopted yeti and chupacabra or
Yeti peas yet. He's a dog and chupi makes poopy
But yeah a long time ago the Texas government said they'd share electric power
With the rest of the country when hail freezes over
Well hell did that but these pinks in power and their few packing dupes
Still think they're brilliant and efficient enough to secede from the Union and still keep the horse-drawn
Shaves running on time
while vacationing in Cancun
Until they get caught
the music in the background here is
cyberchump
from their moment of perfect happiness and
And now this
Stands for most of us here all these Reverend eyes and staying third show
He's subgenius for fire. We don't really even have a day
so big
channel
162 and then the scene of
and
well
We've got some footage. We'd like to show you and also some arm edge and some handed
but we can't share it until the preparations are made
someone with a mortuary hat or some other kind of thing
Oh look
He's shooting the tits
Wow look at Bob Hanley
That curl
Friends don't you wish you knew where the subgenius bench party is
You know there's someone calling but I can't put them on the air
I
Don't know what does that mean the call is on the air or just waiting now to not be on there
I don't know see I'm not I don't have the great power of the Chaz man
I'll just push button here. Now. What if you go speaker? I'm just pushing red buttons. I'm pushing all the red
Wow
Wow
Now you get back up man. There's a phone. It's not 15 feet up. I can't see any light up there hard
I can't work none of the other buttons work at all now
Look at all the other buttons are the doors are all deactivated
Did you notice all the doors are all closed and they're like vacuum sealing?
Whoa
Yes
Super
Taxi Bob
Hey taxi Bob are you picking up some some some ladies?
No
Carrying them to their places
I could I could go over and see but I haven't been doing that lately
What kind of line would you give me if you were gonna pick me up?
Hey baby do you want to ride home?
Wow that's pretty clever
Where is the taxi?




Do you want to ride home?
That works? Does that work for you?
I don't know
I'll get her either my home or her home
Hey baby do you want to ride home?
I'm gonna try I'm right wait a minute where's my pen I'm gonna write that down
You gotta say it just like that too
That makes me feel funny in my mouth
It's the sex goddesses
So yeah when you get the sex goddesses
You really gotta watch out
You gotta watch out
We have our own sex goddess here
Oh X goddess
Max goddess
X goddess
X

Oh my god
Do you dare to know the secret of
X
X
X goddess
Do you dare to pass through the doorway
And do
As if a black cat
It's just like we were talking about reverend Stang
Ok I have a question about the black cat
Black cat
In general
Ok now I've always
Heard that if they crossed one way in front of you
It's good luck
Is it true or is it
Either way they cross in front of you is bad luck
And if there is a good luck way
For them to cross in front of you
Which way is it left to right or right to left
If the cat
If a black cat walks
From left to right, in front of you, it reverses the previous...
It's a balancing...
Yeah, the last time one walked in front of you from left to right, forward, that produced a lot of bad luck.
So if you don't walk backward in the opposite direction, then that can negate that previous...
Oh, so you've got to track the little bastard down. It's like a rabies thing.
You get him to walk backwards.
It's a transaction reversal.
Now, can you drag him? Can you drag him, like, by the tail?
Oh, well, you can do whatever it takes.
You can do whatever... What? What's that so hard?
See, what you say on the radio happens in real life.
I guess so. It's happening in the studio.
Right now, even as we speak, there's a cat back there that's trying to get away.
That sounds a little like the X-Cat, actually.
But whatever, yeah, it's a cat.
Maybe you're right about that.
Yeah.
You've got to go with it, man. It's radio.
It's only in your mind. You just say it, and then it happens.
Now, what would you rather do? Do what you're doing right now or sit through a session of Congress?
I do want to go right now, a session of Congress.
I mean, come on. You want to eat your own hat after that.
Yeah, you want to eat your own hat. Right, right, right.
Did you see that? That just went...
So whatever I say on the radio will happen in real life.
Yeah, it's done. That's what happened.
Well, except if you were in Congress right now.
Oh, I was going to say that there will be plenty of tickets.
Like, watch this. I think Ivan Stang's here.
There will be plenty of tickets for everybody.
No, that didn't work at all. Let me try again.
I think Ivan Stang's here.
Sherlock and the Ladd de Massouli.
See? I said it on the radio, and it happened.
How about that?
Never mind, you guys. They don't even know who you're referring to out here.
Indeed, we have again the mighty Ivan Stang joins us in here in the studio.
We're lit.
Get a second job.
A lot of chaos.
Get them.
What happened is we get mail.
I don't read the fan mail on the air because that'd be bragging.
But I love reading.
I love reading the bitter, butthurt, politically offended rage quitters.
And here, I got this email from someone I've never...
The name doesn't seem at all familiar to me.
I saw the documentary.
Talking about the J.R. Bob-Bob's in the Church of the Subgenius by Sandy Boone.
Great film.
You hear Yeti? That's Yeti back there.
We think he's going to grow to be very...
Big and live up to his name.
Ivan, I grew up going to sci-fi conventions and the Church of the Subgenius was everywhere.
I doubt that.
It was anti-establishment and we all reveled in it.
The mere concept of the church was a silly promise that the world could be a different place.
Then you and the church publicly chose sides with the conspiracy.
In case you haven't noticed, I'm not a fan of the J.R. Bob-Bob.

You are now the fascist, crony establishment that hates freedom and spreads bigotry under the guise of being, quote, progressive, unquote.
I suggest you break out of your bubble and read some real progressive literature like Booker T. Washington or Thomas Sowell.
Ex-fan.
And the reason I like to read these is because...
Then I get to read my...
Response.
As follows.
I haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about.
Seriously.
Last letter I got like this was a guy who seemed to be mad because I was obviously not a Trump fan.
He was about as articulate as you are.
In other words, super easy to blow off.
If you'd care to be somehow a little more specific in your criticism rather than just expressing anger and righteous indignation,
I'd be happy to keep you tight.
I'm not a fan of your typing, but I bet you just can't quite find the words to express the source of your outrage in any way that would make sense to another person.
Prove me wrong.
He did not.
He never responded.
They never do.
Your reference to my bubble indicates to me that you're just wildly guessing.
And, uh...
Yeah, my bubble.
Oh.
Oh.

Bad guess.
Real bad guess.
Um...
Thanks to Lib Murr for the news and titles.
And now this.
The decade has been marked by strong growth, the lowest unemployment in a generation, and yet remarkably little inflation.
Some think it's a boom without end.
I was about to give up on the church.
The thing was 10, 15 years old, and people were starting to get tired of it, and things weren't quite as terrifying as they are now.
As freer trade flourished this decade, the Internet evolved into a commercial phenomenon.
Then the Internet came along.
People can tune into it 24 hours a day.
Suddenly, we could reach those fringe people that weren't going to run into it.
They could do it in a bookstore.
There's the loss of, you have to know a guy.
In the 80s, there was a cost to knowing about them.
Now, you can meet people and signal who you are in quicker and more efficient ways.
Perhaps, you know, with less depth.
The Internet did so much to kill so much old ways of doing things, and I think it makes it a lot harder now to make a big splash.
Yeah.
It's a must.
The media, it flattens everything out like TV used to do.
So that an inconsequential event is the same as a horrendous calamity or a staggering triumph of humanity.
And the people exposed to it no longer can distinguish between factual things and fantasies and trite.
And that was from Sandy Boone's YouTube channel.






It's a movie about the Church of the Subgenius called J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
Streaming on a whole bunch of places that that whiny person was complaining about.
Boy, hey, you're danged if you do and danged if you don't.
But now, some Firesign Theater.
No, they don't bite.
And...
Well, Ben, as you know...
I know chinchillas or mutated chinchillas like these, blue mutants, we call them.
Is that because of their peculiar coloration, Brad, that makes them so rare?
No, they were first crossbred or introduced, as we say, by Alistair Blue, a mutations expert who's been into the raising of these little sweethearts.
Oh, careful there.
Is he getting away?
That's all right.
We've got a lot more of them, and they do that, and that's part of the fun of raising them.
And they're very clean, clean animals.
I wanted to ask about that.
They're very clean.
And if they do mess, as we refer to it, they'll do it in their little cages, and it doesn't make any difference.
And they dig a little hole for it also.
Is that what this one's doing here?
Can we get a close-up of that?
No, no.
No, this one's just trying to get away.
That's his mate over there.
That's the one they're trying to catch.
Well, look at that.
They just caught it.
Oh, that's...
Our floor manager just told me they stepped on it.
Oh, that's a...
That's a female.
That's a squirrel, as we say.
Those bright colors around the snout.
Nose rings, we call them.
They differentiate between them.
And, of course, you just cover them up with this nair guard, and they won't breed.
They can't breed?
No, no, no.
They can't breed.
There's one crawling up my leg.
But seriously, Brad, Ken, we want them to breed as much as possible.
And this guard is only used, of course, when you're away on vacation, you know, and it becomes inconvenient for them to...
Uh-huh.
Uh...
Uh, Brad, now, how...
Did we...
Let's go over to that demonstration you told me to go.
Oh, sure.
Well, I'm gonna show you how absolutely trouble-free these little animals are.
Back here.
If you have kids like I know I have, you'll want to watch this very carefully now.
Now, we got a big close-up right there of the little...
If you just...
He's still here.
Yep.
Now, I'm gonna put out this lighted cigarette on this chinchilla now.
There.
Now, you...
See, you can see I'm just letting it burn there.
It doesn't harm the coat at all.
Oh, that's amazing.
Yeah, it certainly is.
Well, how's...
It's still smoking there.
Yes.
Well, how is this possible, Ken?
Well, Brad, this chinchilla is entirely synthetic.
That's fantastic.
And with these little fellas raised in your spare time in the playhouse or the garage or the slaves' quarters,
you'll be making hay while the sun shines and at midnight, too, with mutant blue.
Well, thank you.
Thank you, Brad.
And you two little...
What's his name?
He doesn't have a name.
They're all the same.
Oh, well, thank you.
Just a moment.
We'll tell you the numbers to call.
I thought that's where it was.
So, you're gonna be here again.
I'm glad I wasn't gonna go this year.
Why?
To X-Day?
He's talking about X-Day.
There's only, like, 30% of the people who try to get tickets haven't so far.
That's true.
What?
30% of all people total are males?
Yeah.
Anybody's ever heard?
Which is what?
How many?
That's 4,000 people right there.
You're talking about Starwood, right?
Yeah.
Talking about X-Day.
No, X-Day.
X-Day.
Yeah, sleep now.
X-Day.
I've never gone to X-Day.
I mean...
Why?
No, Drummond will be there.
How do you get tickets to X-Day?
Do you have to, like, send in a pinky finger or something?
Yeah, basically.
You have to be a sub-jewish minister.
You have to get all the way across the country.
And you have to pay to take it.
And you have to get this across the universe.
As a registered...
Extremely rural southern Ohio.
As a registered anti-gay.
What are we gonna do?
Because here it is.
What are all those giggling gaggles of...
What are you gonna do?
You will do anything you want to do.
Anything.
Those giggling gaggles of gals.
They had anarchy, though.
Of naked gals.
What's the anti-bob?
I don't know.
Cavorting and running, scampering.
There's a lot of cavorting and running and scampering.
Little nymphs.
There's a lot of puking and diarrhea.
Hurling and whizzing.
Scampering.
Skiddling.
Yeah.
Skiddling and skiddling and branding.
Scampering.

Scampering around.
Oh, come on.
Down.
I heard the worst cover of Mongoloid ever at X-Day.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
The absolute worst.
Excellent.
That should be out on CD next year.
Maybe we should go for a contest where we try to do a worse version.
No, you don't...
No, if you try...
Yeah, if you try it, that's worse.
Because then everybody gets up with their idea.
This is the real thing.
You just have to wait for that thing to fall on your lap.
Also, the very worst version of All Along the Watchtower I've ever heard was played.
Wow.
By the...
The same bunch at X-Day, including myself.
Was that Lloyd's band, Mongoloid?
No.
No.
It was a jam band that formed spontaneously.
And sometimes was really good, but not when they tried to do Mongoloid and All Along the Watchtower.
Something went very, very, very wrong.
As it were.
Mongoloid.
He was a Mongoloid.
Mongoloid.
Mongoloid.
Boy, it seems like more and more subgeniuses are channeling Bob.
And that's good, because my last half of a brain cell needs to heal for a while after 40 years of it.
No, 41 years.
Anyway, I got this in the snail mail with no return address.
And it's...
It's a photocopy with a little bit...
A little bit of clip art on a pipe and an alien.
A big X.
The revelations of Reverend Xenofact.
It did come from San Jose, California.
And...
Here's the revelations of Reverend Xenofact.
One.
Do not be the best person you can be.
Be the best product Bob can sell.
Two.
Because...
Because he is lucky, Bob does not worry.
Because Bob doesn't worry, he's lucky.
Three.
The conspiracy outsources self-hatred.
Don't hate yourself.
Let the conspiracy do the hard work.
Four.
Money is a tool.
You can find slack putting it to use.
Yeah.
Five.
Four.
One day out from under the thumb of the conspiracy is a day they can never take away.
Six.
Be honest with yourself.
But remember, cruelty is rarely honest.
I guess that means don't be cruel to yourself, even when you're being honest.
Seven.
Slack is worthy of study.
And sometimes, studying slack is a form of slack.
Six.
If Bob didn't exist, we'd have to invent him.
If we didn't exist, Bob would have to invent us.
Nine.
Find slack in what gives others slack.
Invest in slack so it accumulates.
Ten.
Or X.
But just because it's smart doesn't mean it's not stupid as well.
Ten.
And X1.
Or 11.
One smart ass statement can save the world.
Keep making them until you find the right one.
The revelations of Reverend Zeno fact.
Now, if this hadn't been mailed from San Jose, I would suspect that Onan Canobite wrote this
stuff.
Because it seems a lot like his own book, and it's not a book that he wrote.






It's a little pithy lines in the Dobbs.town mirror, which all subgenius members should
look at.
Also, dobscord.something.com.
It's another new one.
And, of course, subgenius.com.
And now, this.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Use me like an ashtray heart.
Right from the start.
Case of the punks.
Another day, another way.
Somebody's had too much to think.
Open up another case of the punks.
Each pillow is counted like a rock.
The mother follows up the mother.
figure. Somebody's had too much to thank. Send your mother home, your navel. Case of the Pulse!
New hearts to the dining rooms. Violet hot cake. Dissolved in new cards, boards,
trouts, underwear.
Yeah, stray heart, you picked me up. Brushed me off. Crushed me while I was burning out.
Then you picked me up.
Like an ashtray heart. Hit behind the curtain. Waited for me to go out. A man on a porcupine
fence. Used me for an ashtray heart. Hit me where the lover hangs out.
Stood behind the curtain.
Stood behind the curtain.
Stood behind the curtain.
While they crushed me out.
You used me for an ashtray heart.
Music
Music
Music
Music
Music

You looked in the window when I went out
You used me like an ashtray heart
That was Captain Beefheart, of course.
The song Ashtray Heart from his song Doc at the radar station.
And now we're going to go to a really interesting stretch of the Puzzling Evidence show from 2012
when Reverend Shining Path of Least Resistance called the show to discuss his visit to North Korea.
The seat is coming over.
Connect to the front of the North Korea station.
The seat is coming over.
It keeps coming over.
Come in, over.
He said something about it.
Next time I'm just passing.
Come in, over.
Come on over.
I'm just going to pack it into the radio show.
Well, that's what 60% of all of us do.
We just pack it in.
Yeah, just pack them right in.
Something like that.
Yeah, I figured I could do something like that.
60%.
60% of people don't understand.
They don't understand statistics.
And the other half of them don't know how to use them.
Yeah.
That's the Zulu King, North Korea, coming in.
Over.
Yeah, we can hear you, Sven.
Yeah, yeah.
Bumbling around in the semantic darkness.
Yeah, the briefing may begin now.
I will only speak to Puzzling Evidence.
All right.
Enigma.
We got your signal five by five from...
Where are you?
North Korea still?
I don't know where he's going right now.
I'm debriefing here with my case officer.
Oh, great.
Is that a shining path of least resistance?
It is indeed.
Good Lord, man.
He was thought to be extinct 80 billion years ago.
Ivan Stang speaking from the Mars system.
Ah, yes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ivan Stang.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We loved your report and video.
The report was really, really nerve-wracking and informative.
It was scary because of those security police.
Yeah.
It was a big man's arrest.
It was only my guide.
She asked me later, what was that paper you were holding up?
And I said it was an envelope.
Yeah.
What did you do with the envelope?
It wasn't an envelope.
It was a Dobbs head.
Yeah.
What did you do?
It was a Dobbs head.
By the way, you know, Ivan Stang did the same thing in China in his day.
Yeah, and three years to the day later, there was a massacre in the same place.
Yep.
The world famous Tiananmen Square massacre.
Three years exactly to the day that I'd left.
What?
I thought it was Chinaman Square.
I thought it was a copy of the book The Subjeans in China.
I thought it was Chinaman Square.
Tiananmen.
Tiananmen Square.
Oh.
So how did Dobbs head to Chinaman Square?
It was like seeing the Norwegian raising the Norwegian flag at the South Pole.
Yeah.
So how did you get there?
What else?
Tell us more about that wonderful country.
Please ask specific questions.
Well, tell us why did Un have plastic surgery?
Did he look like his grandfather like they're saying?
No, no.
Un really looks like that.
In fact, that's why Kim Jong Il passed over son number one and son number two.
Ah.
Son number one had been to the Swiss high school and wanted reform, and Kim Jong Il decided
that son number two looked too effeminate.
So son number three won and said he would go for it.
Yeah, because he's posing a lot like granddad.
Looks like granddad.
There are no pictures of the new guy up yet.
They're still working on it.



He's still working on his death angle and etc.
The perfect ill head.
But Kim's cult is a faith-based religion just like us.
Cool.
Yeah, I was thinking it's a faith-based.
Faith-based.
It is a faith-based religion.
So where do you stay?
So where do you stay?
They have the similar thing going.
They have the beatific face.
Where do you stay in?
Next question.
Next question, please.
Where do you stay in this country?
We stayed at the Hotel Yangda.
Yangda is a 40-story Soviet in-tourist hotel on an island in the middle of the river.
Oh, man.
We could walk around up to the hotel and could not go off.
Wow.
Man, that's clever.
That's a good way to do it.
We should do that the next day.
Yeah.
So did you feel like your liberty was being repressed while you were there?
Yes, we had our minders watching us at all times.
They were nice lage minders, mind you.
Did they have minders minding the minders?
Unfortunately, I had my wife minding me.
I would have been minding my minder a little more closely if you catch my drift.
I know exactly what you mean.
I understand your drift.
You drifted a long time for a long ways.
My guide was a Miss Kim, a 33-year-old North Korean milf.
Well, you know, part of that is the Stockholm Syndrome.
You fall in love with your...
With your captor.
Your captor, yes.
That happened to me in China.
That happens to me.
I don't know.
That happens to me with...
Big accident.
Call back.
...Jasmik Bobcat.
I fell in love with my captor.
Okay, we temporarily lost our...
It's possible that Princess Wee might try to call in.
Then we'd have a representative from China, one from the planet of the UFOs, the unidentified
one.
Hello, doctors.
Hello.
No, no.
Where's...
Oh, no, just call me back.
All right, we're trying to lock in on your signal there, Shining Path.
Okay, back.
Thank you, Ben.
No.
We have lost much space.
Next question.
How long were you there?
Four days.
Do you have to scream like that?
Yes.
He's been brainwashed, man.
He can't help it.
He talked with his forceful, almost like...
It's too late.
There's no brain left.
They get him right away.
As soon as they...
Did you eat any strange and disgusting food, like maggots?
Actually, I gained weight in North Korea.
Did you eat the giant maggots?
No.











They have giant maggots there that they eat.
That's obscene.
And all you got was that lousy t-shirt.
Oh, there's Phineas and the Maggots.
Oh, it's the Finch.
The Finch.
Is that Phineas?
There's Phineas on there, too.
Not Jane Eyre.
Yeah, that's right.
Jane Eyre just...
He's all fed.
How much monies does it cost to go to North Korea?
For Chinese citizens, $300.
For EU Hong Kong citizens, $761.
For Americans, $1,400.
Yeah.
That's a lot of money.





Yeah.
Aha.
We're working on it.
You really have to have the yen to do that.
I've got a question for you.
Yeah.
Who shot Liberty Valance?
Lee Harvey Oswald acting alone.
Which Lee Harvey Oswald acting alone?
That's the big question.
The replica.
The replica Lee Harvey Oswald.
Which replica?
The fake replica.
The good copy or the bad copy?
Lee Harvey Oswald.
Because there was one where you could see the seams along the sides.
The never been scanned copy.
How do you get to North Korea?
You fly to a Chinese border town, which is sort of like El Paso, the North Korea's Juarez.
Oh, man.
That must be great.
I was recently in El Paso and was scared to go to Juarez.
Yeah.
Do they wear guns there and cowboy hats?
Not at the border town, but I was taking the local train from the Chinese border to Pyongyang,
which is forbidden to Americans, and it was quite heavy on the rail platforms.
Squatties with AKs, Friskies.
They were taking everyone.
Desperate peasants.
It looked like Japan in 1944.
Wow.
Cool.
But they don't know what POD is, so it's cool to carry a film camera.
They don't know who Michael Jackson is.
They don't know who Snooki is.
They don't know who Mitt Romney is.
They don't know who Snooki is?
But now they know who Bob Dobbs is.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
They will praise Bob.
Yeah, and the secret police are going to be combing YouTube looking for that tape and
then that guy walked in.
Actually, Mike.
What?
He's not smart?
I told him, yes.
He's not smart?




I threw one copy of Arise onto the railroad tracks.
Yeah, that's what we need.
Well, at least a copy of Arise didn't throw itself on the railroad tracks, which is what
usually happens.
And instantly 300 countrymen killed themselves because they let that happen.
Then they jump on the tracks to protect a copy of Arise.
So how many more minutes do you have on your phone call right now?
Oh, no, no.
We're on Skype this time.
We're fine.
We're fine.
Forever and ever.
Did they take you to the military airfield again this time?
We passed by the North Korean airport, Sunan Airport.
I saw a few Tupolevs and Ilyushins.
I'm not typing this out, OK?
No, I am writing it down, though.
Did you meet Bohandas?
I'm using my fart porn to write it down.
Bohandas has not been seen in North Korea since 1961.
Is the television or the television shows in North Korea as good as the one in the US?
The ones in Beijing in 1986.
There's only one channel in North Korea.
It shows Grandfather and Father's Greatest Hits.
It has the news.
And then it shows North Korean karaoke.
They're very patriotic music and schmaltzy homies.
And then there's a war movie.
So they don't have a Playboy channel over there, for instance.
No, they don't.
Pause.
I went to the North Korean side of the DMZ.
I'm not going to play.
I'm not going to play.
You went where?
To the North Korean side of the DMZ.
Nice.
Where they killed those poor Americans after they relieved them and they were watching.
Well, they showed us where the armistice was signed and the North Korean soldier got in
my face and said, what?
We started the war?
Yeah.
Tell that to me.
Say that to my face.
And you didn't have to say anything.
They didn't know that, right?
Yeah.
Right.
They did.
Nice.
So did you reteach them their entire history now?
I think we did.
Sorry.
Go ahead.
Did you reteach them their history?
I tried to engage them in friendly debate.
My interpreter smiled and chided the soldier.
Well, think of that.
Every single Euro that comes out here, they has to feel like he has to engage them in
friendly debate.
When I was in China at the Friendship Hotel, there were people from many climes and this
young sort of Arabic looking fellow said,
didn't you drink that?
I mean I don't drink any beer here, we talked about that, and then I said what are you drinking?
I don't drink something local.
Are you Square Enix?
Square Enix?
Formerny Chinese?
Before those bigقت.
guilty party. I had dropped the bomb on
Tripoli. Yeah, you mean
Ivan Stang? You did that, man.
I could have
if only I'd known that a few years
later I would literally be launching
a football-shaped Gaddafi
head from a pulpit at X Day.
Two years in a row.
It's funny how they always put their
criminals and the
ones they're seeking always seem to hide
out in hospitals and schools.
Reverend Stang. Yes,
Reverend Stang. They took us
to the Palace of Gifts.
There was an entire
Palace of Gifts to President
Kim Il-sung and a second Palace
to President Kim Jong-il of Gifts
only from foreign leaders and delegations
and it was there I saw the
gold scimitar given by
Muammar Gaddafi to Kim Jong-il
as well as a hiking rifle
from President Putin, a
pearl inlaid death from Hafez
al-Assad of Syria and yet
I saw the holy Michael Jordan
autographed basketball that
Madeleine Albright of our country
gave to Kim Jong-il. Oh my
God. Man, what a rich
dude. Okay, well I give dibs on that
Palace of Gifts for X Day.
I get dibs. I got new dibs
on it. I said it first. Okay, well you said it.
I don't care, but think about this.
You got a golden
scimitar in one hand
or a basketball signed by
Michael Jackson.
Michael Jordan.
Was it Michael Jackson or Michael Jordan
that signed it? It was Michael Jaskin.
Jaskin played basketball.
No, but he signed a basketball
probably.
I'll bet you he signed a basketball at some
point in time. That basketball
is going to be worth a lot of money someday with
Michael Jackson's signature.
Yeah, but maybe the gold scimitar
without Michael Jackson. The gold scimitar
would be worth a lot of money.
I want the signed copy of Gaddafi's
little green book.
I have a better
North Korea, Reverend Skank.
You have what?
I have a better book. I bought Kim Jong-il's
book on film theory.
Wow, right.
Man, we can revolutionize Hollywood
with that.
I want to sell it in an American edition
called Socialist Filmmaking for Dummies.
Cool.
Man.
Well, there must have been
thousands of subjects that he wrote on
in his spare time there.
Oh, you guys will get it. I'll scan it
and send it to you.
Didn't he kidnap film directors?
And make movies for them and stuff?
I don't think there were any North Koreans.
No, that was the dad, right?
He probably didn't kidnap them. He just persuaded them.
He used his advanced rhetorical
technique.
He made them an offer they could not refuse.
Right. He used his advanced
techniques in persuasion.
You mean like, oh, I see, like kidnapping.
Yeah.
We know where your children go to school.
Yeah, now let's make the movie.
Yeah, now let's make the movie.
Reverend Skank, you know who really liked my
book of North Korea was all the burners.
I had a separate email to the burners.
They all love it.
Oh, I have a question for you.
All of them.
Did you talk to him about him sending the torpedo
into the all of them into that South
South with the rich burners?
Which?
The North Koreans had lost the three three
previous rounds of ship to ship battle in that zone.
So when things went bad with the South Korean
president, the Navy tapped Kim Jong Il on the shoulder.
He was like, hi, you promised.
Yeah, I was to get paid.
So the North Koreans are still down three to one.
They lost three of their ships to the South Korean one.
And they bet, man, that's a lot of my battleship.
Yeah.
Or is any is there play said Hitler never played a risk?
Huh?
Oh, yes.
Hey, your fighter jet fell into my battleship.
Yeah, your battleship crashed into my fighter jet.
Okay.
Here's another question.
How many guys stood together?
How many?
How many North Koreans are coming to X day?
They are now.
They're lining up.
Everyone will be at X day.
Represent the North Korean agency.
No one has a choice.
This is every one.
Next day comes.
It comes to them.
It comes to everyone.
Hello.
We represent North Korea.
And the North Korean defected out of North Korea can't handle the rest of the world and have to go back.
Okay.
I'm not surprised that, you know, it's real hard for Native America.
I'm not surprised that it's real hard for Native Americans to leave the reservation or the army.
It's like that.
Like a reservation or occupy to leave the square.
Well, it's hard for me to leave the country and not go back because I have a house here.
I was just going to say, did you say bedroom Phineas?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's exactly what I was going to say.
Long life.
Long life.
Long life.
Oh, there's Phineas saying bonzai.
Exterminate.
Exterminate.
Reverend Ivan.
Evan Stang.
Long live.
Long live.
Long live.
Thank you all out there.
At ease.
At ease, man.
Gentlemen, thank you.
Kam sahamnida.
Yes.
Inshallah khannada.
Aloha.
Deba soya.
Deba soya.
I can't come to Asia someday.
We are well ready to welcome you again.
Okay.
We, uh, tos gumbe.
Gumbe.
I'm in the airport now.
Doi tatash mashtab.
Gumbe.
Ready to come back.
All right.
Thank you.
I'm signing off.
Thank you.



Thank you for calling.
Bye.
No problem.
No problem.
No lie, GI.
No lie.
I love you no show.
Okay, folks.
Now I'm going to stick my neck out and read a poem.
It's fairly long.
My dad used to refer to it frequently as a metaphor for how he would die.
And he was right.
Uh, when my partners in ancient subgenius high school, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
hierarchy saw the poem, they all said I should read it on the air, even though it might
take 10 minutes.
Or maybe they were just making fun of me and getting me to make more of a moron of myself.
But, uh, here it is anyway.
If, if the puppies don't interrupt too much.
The Deacon's Masterpiece, or The Wonderful One Haas Shay.
A logical story.
By Oliver Wendell Holmes.
1809 to 1894.
I'm going to let the music run out here.
Have you heard of the wonderful one haas shay that was built in such a logical way?
It ran a hundred years to a day.
And then all of a sudden it, uh, but stay.
I'll tell you what happened without delay.
Scaring the parson into fits.
Frightening people out of their wits.
Have you ever heard of that?
I say.
1755.
Georgius Segundus was then alive.
Stuffy old drone from the German hive.
That was the year when Lisbon town saw the earth open and gulp her down.
And Braddock's army was done so brown, left without a scalp to its crown.
It was on the terrible earthquake day.
Uh.
That the deacon finished the one haas shay.
Now in building of shayses.
I tell you what.
I hope I'm pronouncing that right.
There is always somewhere a weakest spot.
In hub tire fellow.
In spring or fill.
In panel or crossbar or floor or sill.
In screw bolt thorough brace lurking still.
Find it somewhere you might.
And will.
Above or below.
Or within or without.
And that's the reason beyond a doubt.
A shayes breaks down.
But doesn't wear out.
But the deacon swore.
As deacons do with an I do them.
Or an I tell ye.
He would build one shay to beat the town.
And the county.
And all the country around.
It should be built so it couldn't break down.
Fur said the deacon.
Tis mighty plain.
That the weakest place must stand the strain.
And the way to fix it.
As I maintain.
Is only just.
To make that place.
As strong as the rest.
So the deacon inquired of the village folk.
Where he could find the strongest oak.
That couldn't be split nor bent nor broke.
That was for spokes and floor and sills.
He sent for lancewood to make the fills.
The crossbars were ash from the straightest trees.
The panels of white wood.
That cuts like cheese.
But lasts like iron.
For things like these.
The hubs of logs from the settlers ail them.
The last of its timber.
They couldn't sell them.
Never an axe had seen their chips.
And the wedges flew from between their lips.
Their blunt ends.
Frizzled like celery tips.
Step and prop iron bolt and screw.
Spring tire axle and lynch pin too.
Steel of the finest.
Bright and blue.
Thorough brace.
Bison skin thick and wide.
Boot top dasher from tough old hide.
Found in the pit when the tanner died.
That was the way he put her through.
There said the deacon.
Now she'll do.
Do.
I tell you.
I rather guess.
She was a wonder.
And nothing less.
Colts grew horses.
Beards turned gray.
Deacon and deaconess dropped away.
Children and grandchildren.
Where were they?
But there stood the stout old one hoss shay.
As fresh as on Lisbon earthquake day.
Eighteen hundred.
It came and found.
The deacon's masterpiece strong and sound.
Eighteen hundred increased by ten.
Handsome carriage they called it then.
Eighteen hundred and twenty came.
Running as usual.
Much the same.
Thirty and forty at last arrive.
And then come fifty and fifty-five.
Little of all we value here.
Wakes on the morn of its hundredth year.
With a smile.
The stout both feeling and looking queer.
In fact there's nothing that keeps its youth.
So far as I know.
But a tree and truth.
This is a moral that runs at large.
Take it.
You're welcome.
No extra charge.
First of November.
The earthquake day.
There are traces of age in the one hoss shay.
A general flavor of mild decay.
But nothing local as one may say.
there couldn't be for the deacon's art had made it so like in every part that there wasn't a chance
for one to start for the wheels were just as strong as the fills and the floor was just as
strong as the sills and the panels just as strong as the floor and the whipple tree neither less nor
more and the back crossbar as strong as the four and spring and apple and hub encore and yet as a
whole it is past a doubt in another hour it will be worn out first of November 55 this morning the
parson takes a drive now small boys get out of the way here comes the wonderful one hoss shea drawn
by a
rat-tailed you necked bay it up said the parson off they went the parson was working his Sunday
text had got to fifthly and stopped perplexed at what the Moses was coming next all at once
the horse stood still close by the meeting house on the hill first a shiver and then a thrill then
something decidedly like a spill and the parson
was sitting upon a rock at half past nine by the meeting house clock just the hour the earthquake
shock what do you think the parson found when he got up and stared around the poor old chase
in a heap or mound as if it had been to the mill and ground you see of course if you're not a dunce
how it all went to pieces all at once all at once and nothing first just as bubbles do when they
burst in the wonderful one hoss shea logic is logic that's all I say that Deamentos masterpiece
or the wonderful one hoss shea a logical story by Oliver Rundle homemade quoted by my father a whole
lot who figured he would all of his parts would probably last up until final tropical about well
shut down at once and indeed she was still driving to the post office
office and meeting his buddies a couple of weeks before he died.
It went real quick.
Praise Bob, I guess, you know.
I don't know.
Did I say this before?
It's not the aging that bothers me.
That's fair and square.
It's the diseases.
Oh, yeah, I did say that.
I said that last.
See, I'm getting old.
I'm just getting old.
And now this.
Well, none of this would be possible, of course, without the president's freeze price program.
Yeah.
There's also been a little space news today, or spaced news, as the young hippies would say.
Those hippies aren't as young as they used to be, Charles.
That's very true.
All of us included, eh, Al?
Time doesn't stop, you know, just because marijuana stretches out.
My kids are in the next room.
I don't know.
Anyway, back to the news.
You know, they've got a satellite now, George, that might detect fields of marijuana growing down there.
In outer space.
On the ground.
On the ground.
No, George.
In outer space is where the sun is, and they're going to send our garbage to the sun.
So problems will be solved once again through the application of clever American technology.
Now a word from gas and cars.
We'll be back in just a moment.
Hi, I'm back now.
Glad to have you back, too, Larry.
Thank you very much.
I didn't have my eye on the director on the floor manager there.
These drinks.
Drinking brandy.
The floor manager?
Just a minute.
I'm going to go get some from him.
Excuse me.
Well, here's another interesting little story that Larry has over there.
Well, the new mayor of the city of Von Vago has made his first statement, his public statement in office, and I'm going to read it to you now.
He refused to allow cameras into the throne room, and this is his first official statement.
One, I will not use the crazy title of Gat Puno.
Two, if the cat burglar cases could be solved at all, I will solve it and send the culprits to jail, if not to the electric chair.
Three, I will try to improve the lot of the cockroaches and their children and will do away with tongue collection and eradicate graft and corruption in the throne room.
Well, it's an interesting report, and I wish that we could speak to him personally, but unfortunately, he's gone on an extended vacation.
It'd be nice to know how much we...
We can trust these little fellas, wouldn't it?
What, the cockroaches?
We've lived happily with them for years.
They're very intelligent, extremely clean, and quite tasty, too.
And they make wonderful mayors.
Yes, hello, friends.
I'm Martin Dos Eques, the new anchor man for the Channel 18 News.
Well, there's plenty of Chicano-flavored, that is, Spanish or Chile-flavored news today, folks.
We've got to move more of our people onto the freeways.
Now that they've cleared off 25% of the...
Cars, we can start building houses where they belong, on the freeways.
Isn't that right?
Well, you don't have to answer.
What the heck?
I'll just keep logging.
We could plant some gardens, you know, on the freeways.
I figure, you know, you bring in some topsoil, man, about two feet, you know, you put it on the harbor freeway, man, pretty soon you're growing corn there, you know?
What do we need cars for, you know?
We could play tennis on the bare parts that we didn't put topsoil on.
Or a ring ball.
Or we could raise bears there.
Certainly could.
Sounds like a good job for a guy like me who likes working with his hands but doesn't like to get his fingernails dirty.
You must be one of those computer repairmen.
No, I am a computer.
I see.
No, I am a computer.
I see.
No, I am a computer.
Thank you, the Firesign Theater, from their new ancient album, Dope Humor of the 70s.
And before that, an all-star cast.
We heard, I think, Bleepo Abernathy, Chaz Smith, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Reverend Shining Path of Least Resistances.
Phineas Narco, Puzzling Evidence, of course.
Dr. Philo Drummond and Chaos McMomacat, the ex-goddess.
Call her Taxi Bob.
And Bohondis.
Bohondis.
The Bohondis Man song was in it, and Bohondis came up later on.
Anyway, friends, everything about the Church of the Subgenius and this show is at subgenius.com.
And that's all you need to know.
Genius.com.
