And it comes down the street like a garbage wagon.
Okay.
So their brains may live on forever.
Or has he created another?
We know now that in the early years of the 20th century,
this world was being watched closely by intelligences greater than man.
The U.S. Navy
has recently reported unknown aircraft
performing impossible maneuvers
at impossible speeds.
And being controlled by unknown actors.
The Wicked Truth.
That is the Wicked Truth.
The Wicked Truth.
Unknown aircraft.
The Wicked Truth.
The Wicked Truth.
Being controlled by unknown actors.
Impossible maneuvers at impossible speeds.
These objects display abilities far beyond any technology known to man.
Inclusion between the elevators on both приises.
Then all devices control themselves.
Misdreavus possible advantage.
Incompatibility.
パンフラム, the lines on theoba's frame.

Therefore.
The United States Navy
has recently reported unknown aircraft
performing impossible maneuvers at impossible speeds,
being controlled by unknown actors.
That is the wicked truth.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
And that was the band called Super Hornets.
Which includes our friend, Reverend Joseph Gutarski,
who has had other songs on this show,
but credited to his human street name.
And this show is Hour of Slack number 1746.
This one being produced in Cleveland,
but not at WCSB because, well,
another couple of little setbacks
set our final move to Texas back.
Another.
After two weeks.
And I keep injuring myself.
I'm sitting in a neck brace again,
recording myself in a nearly emptied office
on a mini recorder.
And my back hurts.
Luckily, we have hours of as-yet-unplayed radio
recorded from last X-Day drill
and also from the X-Day drill of 2017,
which is what we'll be hearing next.
This particular one being mostly,
the redoubtable Dr. Hal,
the insurmountable Reverend Dr. Uncle,
Onan Canabite,
and the indefinable Reverend Fanboy.
Man, you're pirates.
Your shanty song was great.
Thank you, sir.
That was so much fun.
Wonderful.
I'm glad it was appreciated.
Well, and you had a good crowd,
and two cameras shot that.
Fantastic.
Not that I'll necessarily ever get copies of any of it.
The tradition has been,
when documentary crews come out here and shoot X-Day
and decide to make a movie,
we never see them again.
That's happened twice.
I don't think that's going to happen this time.
Well, why don't you get it?
Because I know where they live.
I know exactly where they live.
Get it in a contract that you get a copy of the footage.
Iron-ribbed, rock-bottom claim to ownership.
Well, that was certainly my contract
with the Subgenius Foundation this year.
Hey, they made you sign the thing, right?
Yeah.
I thought we all did.
In blood.
That was what was required before I got my paycheck.
Yeah.
Paycheck?
Take this job and shove it.
How come everybody but me got paycheck?
Johnny Paycheck.
I can't afford to take time off work for this
unless I'm well compensated, sir.
Yes.
That's what I need to start saying.
One should never be...
Well, wait a minute.
I am at work.
A sick man.
But one can be a well man.
Yeah.
There is only one well man.
I know.
It's a...
The cure for well men.
Ideals.
That was a big movie this last year.
We don't reach them,
but we can always move toward them, you see.
You know,
Puzzling Evidence's front teeth
were auctioned off at X-Day one fine year.
I know that well.
For only about 25 bucks.
I did it.
Yes, they bought his teeth.
Yeah.
The teeth past which all that wind blew
for years and years.
Front teeth.
Those radio shows.
Had to pass those insights.
Where are they at now?
Someone bought them at X-Day.
Someone bought them at the Bulldada auction.
Because, you see, the Bulldada auction
does have genuinely esoteric items for sale.
Well, I remember doing it.
I don't remember who it was who actually purchased it.
But there was a lively bidding war on these choppers,
the incisors of Commander Puzzling Evidence.
The...
The...
The Nasal Septim of G. Gordon Gordon was auctioned.
Actually, a young stripper got it
by giving him a lap dance.
The Nasal Septim of G. Gordon Gordon
after too much Bolivian marching powder usage
actually fell out one day
onto the kitchen table.
And it was sold also at the Bulldada auction.
But before that,
a painting of it,
an exquisite painting on black velvet,
was executed.
By Paul Mavridis of San Francisco.
And you knew that, didn't you, Stey?
Oh, yeah.
I know that because Gordon's been griping bitterly
about how Paul's never sent it to him
even though he was paid for it.
Paul just can't let go of it.
He likes it too much.
Well, that's a sore point.
And a sore nose, no doubt.
He has a little plastic thing in there instead.
Plasto Sept.
But he's not in Bolivia anymore.
He's in Bolivia.

He's in Portugal drinking port.
He's getting ready to...
He's figured out a way to sail to the new world, I think.
But he needs three ships.
I'm trying to trick those film ladies
into sending me there to interview him.
That would be great.
On three ships.
Can you imagine just sitting out there on the veranda
with the blazing blue of the Mediterranean
and drinking all cool ones
with G. Gordon Gordon?
That's the idea.
As he parks in your ear.
That's why I bought that little camera.
It's over there.
It shoots full HD.
I met G. Gordon Gordon for the first time
in October of 1985.
I'd never heard of him.
I hadn't happened to have received a cassette
with his voice on it.
But I was at the Subgenius Foundation
in an earlier office.
The door flew open,
perhaps even kicked open.
This man stomped in
wearing a fully white suit,
threw his suitcases on the floor and said...
Tropical experience.
What does a guy have to do
to get some service around here?
That's him.
That was my introduction.
Well, it's funny because...
Well, of course, back then
we thought he was so old.
He was about 15 years younger
than you at that time, probably.
That is correct.
But he did.
He dressed in a suit
and he had a conservative haircut
and his wife was dressed nicely.
Twice.
Twice I've seen this happen
where they walk into a subcon
and some young hipsters
all dressed in black
would go,
oh, I guess they're letting pinks in here now.
Of course, we never saw
the young hipsters dressed in black again.
And G. Gordon Gordon, on the other hand,
has a right-hand seat next to Bob.
He's been one of the few people
to successfully allow Bob to get shot.
And he's been one of the few people
acting as a terrible bodyguard.
He let Bob's dream of being shot come true.
So Bob really loves him.
It's interesting to hear the spin
that the years have erected
around these incidents.
And, of course, I will gladly participate
in promulgating this version of events.
Yeah, if I said that,
then you better pick up on it.
Damn straight.
To quote Jimi Hendrix.
Is there a beer?
Pick up, pick in, flick off.
No, there's no beer here, my dear.
I'm looking for a beer cap.
I was going to do a magic trick.
Oh, that's a sort of a cap.
Yeah, this was Jimi Hendrix's magic trick.
A magic trick.
See that top?
Flop.
Ta-da!
Boy, I said that wrong.
Ta-da!
Does that sound better?
Ta-da!
I'm a clown.
A junior scientist clown.
David Apocalypse wasn't on my list
of old-timers for the ladies to interview,
but they wanted him.
Did they?
Oh, yeah.
They wanted to get that voice
and that attitude, I guess.
And some of the tattoos, I'm sure.
I was excused from sleep
for nearly two nights by clowns
and clown apologists.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
That was supposed to be the quiet area.
Thanks, Ivan Stang.
Forget it, old man.
This is clown.
Thanks for the life lesson
and the secret insight initiation.
I feel enlightened.
That wasn't my idea.
Usually it's Sinfaltimus
that makes everybody leave,
but he's been just the quietest,
most polite young fellow.
Well, he does.
He does do the drumming,
the onstage drumming.
Yeah, and he's got an offspring
that's even louder.
And are they around?
He plays guitar a lot better than his dad.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
Yeah, Lord Rock God
and Reverend Angry Larry
have done some fabulous dueling guitar jams
right here in this place.
That's all right.
That's one year.
That's a long time ago.
Yeah, I love it.
I missed the show last night
because I decided it was more important
to have FaceTime
with subgeniuses who were here
because there was a lot of folks
I hadn't talked to.
Not really.
You know, I end up so busy.
I'm running around doing all this crap
and hardly ever get to just hang out.
In fact,
as I keep saying,
if anybody else wants to sit up here,
you're welcome to it.
I'll sit over there.
This recorder will run forever
and I have confidence.
So seriously.
There's two of them.
All right.
Let them fight it out among themselves.
Alan Bernard.
Reverend Bernard,
who's never been on the Hour of Slack.
All right, let's give him a royal welcome.
No, no, no.
Own in.
Own in.
You should stay here.
Own in.
I'll get out.
And Reverend Bernard will get on the end.
Ladies and gentlemen.
There's no music in the background right now.
Why don't you play the music, white boy.
Oh, there we go.
Okay, well, for a moment.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Yes.
You laughed at him.
You mocked at him.
He did not ask to be brought into this world,
but into this world he came.
His code is a law untoward.
To itself.
Offend him, and you offend us all.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'll turn the mic over now
to Reverend Fanboy.
Reverend Fanboy, thank you very much.
Reverend Owen N.
You have to lean in pretty close.
Yes, make sure your lips almost brush the microphone.
That sounds like fun.
Yep.
And then you will be so audible.
You'll be the envy of all.
You can put the odd, but you'll be the envy of all.

I'm not inaudible.
And what about X Day?
How is that shaping up for you on this special occasion?
Beyond my wildest expectations, and that is not a cliche.
That's the truth.
So many kind people, so many people to talk to.
An embarrassment of riches of just cool stuff to do.
Embarrass-imo.
Yes, right.
An embarrassment of riches and such rich embarrassment.
That's right, as well.
Right.
I was thanking Reverend Pease yesterday down at the Rock
Circle for triggering every single bit of my mom and dad are fighting reflex.
Thanks a lot.
Triggering, eh?
I was triggered.
Yeah.
But in a good way.
We are known for doing that, apparently.
So I've heard.
Yeah.
So, you know, apparently it comes with the territory these days.
No extra added charge.
The rehearsals we have for our traumas and inconveniences come complete with the package.
There's no extra charge.
There's no extra charge for not being able to sleep, bug bites, athlete's foot in the
showers.
It all comes complete in the single package purchase, which you have already made.
No ups, no extras.
Yes, and the bugs bite the athletes, thus preventing them from sleeping, too.
Thus the circle of agony is made complete.
I just hope that guy found his dad, because he was looking for him pretty hard.
Oh, that was a sad, wistful moment of teary-eyed service.



Searching and seeking for the familiar missing fraternal parent.
There isn't a 3 AM megaphone loud enough to find his dad, I bet.
Well, he needs to wake up the world to the necessity of understanding the seriousness
of his missing dad.
But you're right.
There's challenges, but the kind of challenges, when overcome, make one stronger, or at least
make one care less.
Challengers of the unknown.
There's that.
There's dad, and there's that guy, and there are probably some more challenges of the unknown.
Anything that does not kill you makes me sorry.
It's only natural to have such thoughts, like when they deliberately overbred mice
for population density experiments.
Mice got up to atrocities.
But of course, they would.
There are too many of them.
Mice-ka-moos-ka-trocity.
The mice went through a whole range of human pathologies in their overcrowded terrariums
in this famous experiment.
And you can't blame them for it, because anything a prisoner does is not considered to be the
way this individual would naturally behave.
If freedom were not taken.
If freedom were not taken away.
A tiger in the zoo is not vicious.
It's justifiably mad because it can't get out of its cage.
At any rate, this is the view I hold.
It's generally agreed upon that the extremes are not the base of a moral, but the norms,
as it were.
But one must ask, Dr. Howell, these mice that were gone through this experiment and exhibited
the human pathologies.
Did they retain those pathologies after the experiment?
And therefore become slightly more human?
They are long dead, because this happened a long time ago.
But there is, of course, some question if they developed complex behavior patterns as
a result of the stresses of their artificially induced genesis and situation.
Well, that is a byproduct that they wouldn't have had otherwise.
That's for sure.
Therefore, unnecessary.
Thank you.
That's a byproduct.
Therefore, if they took up the ways of the human, these ways must be somewhat necessary
to those in the human predicament.
It was in the 1930s that an African explorer.
Captain Spalding.
Indeed.
Traveling through a previously uncharted region, heard a sound up ahead that sounded uncannily
like human voices, in a place where he knew no humans could be.
No.
He walked forward slowly and ever more slowly until, peeking through the reeds and the grass
and the vines and the trees, saw a troop of great apes.
Uh-oh.
These apes were standing upright, walking, gesturing to each other, greeting each other
as friend.
They were speaking to one another, speaking with human voices, and even speaking in a
human tongue.
They were speaking the king's English.
And the man recognized him.
They were talking about art and philosophy and science and the day's events and wasn't
that a pretty bird we saw by the river.
He was so flabbergasted by all this that he fell forward into the brush.
The apes looked forward.
They saw him.
They met his eye and as one, dropped to all fours, grunted and hooted and flooped, dunked,
pooed each other and behaved as the apes that he had been familiar with.
But he said, guys, guys, I saw you.
I saw you talking.
I saw you being happy and human and upright.
Why do you keep this a secret?
One shyly looked at the other and they looked at each other and one came forward and said,
because you would make us work.
That is the curse of employment.
There's no I in employment.
It rhymes with limp for a reason.
Work.
Work, the scourge of the drinking class.
Work, the thing that keeps us most from slack, even at its most rewarding.
Work is the anti-subgenius.
Therefore all the more sympathy to our own Ivan Stang, whose work is subgenius.
Well, work on your side of the ledger might even be slackful.
It all depends on what you prefer to do and what you feel the circumstances.
IE the conspiracy compels you to do.
Meaningless drudgery, meaningless toil to produce objects to purchase an imaginary and meaningless
leisure.
Perhaps you've hit upon it, Dr. Howell.
It's the compulsion component that is so objectionable.
Yes.
Somebody, Dickens, somebody who said there are men who would pay six pounds a day for


a horse to drive a team of horses from here to there.
But if you paid them for it, they would turn their noses up in indignation and refuse to
do it.
Drive the horse from here to there or turn your nose up in the air.
Well, they're riding on the coach.
You know, it looks easy to be the driver.
It ain't so easy.
These lessons that you're talking about, I try to carry on.
to my kids. Yes, no one
needs to know that anymore, I understand.
But, you know, they might
figure it out.
Well, I just tell them very simply, when it
doesn't feel like work, that's slack.
And just to look for that.
That's the sweet spot. Yes, well
when your interest is driving
the activity, the
slack will fall as a
sweet and consumable
byproduct.
How
And if you would like to buy product,
please consult
subgenius.com
Oh, I thought you were going to say, please
consult eggplant.
Nobody seemed to want to buy much
of product this year.
At any rate,
this is not about buying and selling,
getting and spending
in which we lay waste
our powers. Little we see in
nature that is ours.
It's time to get our ducks in a row
if we have them
and prepare for tomorrow's
apocalypse.
When the great
silver saucers descend,
the great sky
fathers come down, banging and shooting
and so forth.
All that we have prepared
for.
The toast
riders in disguise.
There may be toast, for example.
Those of us who get on
early in the morning, the beginning
of a stream of delightful
amenities and courtesies
offered by the unbearably
attractive, tight, space
suited space goddesses
who will conduct each of us to
our individual stateroom.
As the story goes.
Part out
starboard home,
as it were.
I'll miss the earth, but not that much.
I'll probably have to make one.
Celestial north will have to be our
the center of our
new directive
sense. The north star
along to align with.
And you got the plane
of the solar system too.
Not everybody goes along
with it. There are bodies
that don't orbit in that particular
plane, but they're there.
In our own family of planets.
It's all changed to super
giant snooper scopes in the sky
have shown us there are all sorts
of impossible worlds hovering
very near us.
For example, the planet Biden
named after Joseph Biden,
vice president of the United States.
Few people have caught on to the fact
that that is now known to be there.
The planet Sedna, the planet Quail are.
All are there.
And other things.
The objects known as centaur objects,
which orbit irregularly outside the orbit
of Jupiter and in the extreme
remoteness beyond the dwarf planet Pluto.
And speaking of whammo world,
who would have thought Pluto was so gorgeous
and had an atmosphere and was warmer
than it should be.
It has been.










It has the wonderfully named
Cthulhu Regio and of course the tomb
ball Regio named after the original
discoverer of Pluto, Clyde Tombaugh.
But some of us know it as the planet.
Yoga, of course.
For that one you have to do your homework.
We've just been handed a directive.
That questions to expect and questions
to ask.
On what occasion?
Oh, it's a question for me.
It's an ask Dr. Hal question.
It's for an ask Dr. Hal.
Well, we weren't asked.
Shocker.
Going to do, I mean, I'm not in my,
I'm not on duty, but here we do have a donation
from Dr. Delphius and he says, what's all this business?
But is he referring to this comic book that's inside
an original Dope and Dan comic?
That's sweet.
Yeah.
Yeah.













And boy, I highly approve of this turn of events.
What's interesting to me is the logo on it is not a rip-off press logo.
So perhaps Ted Richards had a later printing of this comic.
Dr. Hal is now conducting scientific analysis of this particular text.
I just have to open the package and see if I can't just examine the...
Your question will be answered but sincerely.
I'm doing it.
There's no...
There's no hurry.
There's no rush.
There's no specification that I answer within five seconds in my own nightclub act.
We do have the speed round where I have to answer a bunch all at the same time, but this
is not that.
So it's, send extra orders to Last Gasp.
My goodness.
So they took over a rip-off press character, but why should I be surprised?
Yeah.
I must restrain myself from criticizing rip-offs, lamentable business strategy, even from this
remove.
When you consider that we had some of the best cartoonists and a great comic book factory
to produce them, we didn't do all that well, I thought.
Anyway.
Anyway, that was Water Under the Bridge.
Of course, we don't just watch those waters.
We watch them.
We watch them.
I'm not a fan of those.
I'm a fan of the












the
I think the
I was
watching the
latest hit.
I'd be on a bike there.
Again with the background music.
originist, Sergeant Frag, in here, and other characters created by Ted Richards. His wife,
Terry Richards, also created comics that were popular at this time of a miniskirted shark
girl of ruthless temperament who goes out to parties and makes everyone cry.
Did that title have a title?
You'll just have to Google Terry Richards and I'll bet those images will float up.
T-E-R-R-E Richards, as in Ted Richards. They were, at that time, a couple.
Fantastic.
So here you see life at Fort Frag with the buddies sitting around. All the little loops
and blinks and bumps drawn near Dan's face indicate that he's always stoned. Lighting
up as he parachutes into animation.
Enemy territory. And the whole base is stoned under one sweet blanket of smoke. And that,
too, is sort of a documentary approach to what happened in those days.
It looks like on the cover he's out of uniform and going AWOL five miles away from Fort Frag
and five miles away from Fatalburg. But that must be an interior story.
Which the reader of the comic will get to read. Is this for me? Or just for me to comment
on? I could be that reader.
Why not both?
Well, the thing is, don't you want to take it back?
I've had it for years.
And don't you want to continue to have it for years? For further years? It's in plastic
bags. I used to disdain people who had comics in plastic bags. Now I know it is necessary
because they're so...
fragile. But the whole idea of treating them like they were the Magna Carta was always
slightly vexing. I didn't mean to take up all the space, but...
I'm sure that the question has been answered to the satisfaction of the inquirant.
I hope it is. And I would like to ask how many are familiar with the underground comics
here?
They were very important to...
Several hands arose.
Yeah. They were important to the history of comics themselves. Mainly because from then
on, the cartoonist was the owner of the work. And before that, what you draw, you have to
give up to the company. And they own it forever, no matter how great or classic a cartoonist
you were. And this did change things around. It's not responsible for that.
It's responsible for the bad aspects of the modern cartoon and comic book era.
I've been long fascinated by the cartoonist as that person who has the singular vision,
and is the only one who's going to bend over and do all of those hours of scratching and
learning anatomy and all of that. It's not something I can do, but I can appreciate it
and collect it. And yeah, that's part of the...
Well, practice makes perfect. And then all cartoonists have used what are known in the
trade as swipes.
Swipes.
Where you're in a hurry and you copy somebody else's layout or panel design, because you've
just got to get the story out and the page turned in. And this is universally done. Some
elegant variations in what others have drawn, others crude, naked borrowings. And it's obvious
where they come from.
What's exciting in the history of the comic book as an object and as a thing you sell
and make, whenever there's a jump in the technology...
There's a great flourishing of creativity to fill the new market created by it. So,
four-color printing in the 30s, easily obtained newsprint on rolls. So, all of a sudden, the
world's awash in stories.
And also, they had stories left over from being printed in the paper, which were bound
into the first comic books. Newspaper comics comprised them.
And then during the underground period, that...
Another jump in technology made it smaller and simpler, easier to access, especially
if you're printing black and white. And then every 50-year-old, I'm convinced, every 50-year-old
man has the same 150 comic books from 1988 from the black and white explosion in boxes
in their basement.
Well, some would think that the 80s were too late, that you were getting not the cream,
but the scum of the self-created comics industry. And there was indeed a culling, which came
along. But there were, to be fair, some great and independent creators working at that
time, too. I always thought that Richard Corbin got a raw deal from critics and fans alike
Very much so.
when he's so insanely skilled and inventive. And the stuff that Jan Sternad wrote and he
drew is pretty damn good, too.
Anyway, then, in the late 80s...

Later on, he had to censor his early vigorous comics, which were...
Corbin?
Yeah, Rich Corbin, definitely. And I'm not claiming I've been able to keep up with it.
I'm sure he's doing good stuff, but I haven't seen it lately.
He is still being published. And also, this year, I saw the movie Den that he made...
I saw it, yeah.
...quite some time ago.
It's hard to make a movie.
It certainly is.
Mm-hmm.
Not that short movie that he made. The short film?
That's the one.
That's the one? Okay.
Yes, I have seen that.
Yeah, because Den was partly in the heavy metal movie.
Yes, yes.
But that was unfortunately... Your creations get away from you, and then they go to seed.
Yes.
Don't look the way they ought to.
One minute, you're talking with your friends about a funny pipe-smoking salesman, and then...
The next minute, it's almost a half century later. Utter strangers have taken the stage.
A leap forward, but not necessarily upward.
Once the stables were cleaned, the effluvia that flowed from them was not vanished.
Hercules just moved the problem down.
Well, it washed away.
Hercules moved the problem downstream.
Dilution is not the solution for pollution.
One could assume, though, that the Aegean stables, despite their huge and horrible nature, were not of limitless extent.
Still, the people downstream had no reason to appreciate what the son of Zeus had done by diverting their water source through the stinkiest stables in the known world.
When Hercules was finally slain,
was his...
Uh...
cloak of the lion's skin robbed of its protective powers, or did it endure after his time?
It couldn't have endured if he had it on, because he was burned, but...
I think that he was...
I don't know if he wore it when he assumed the cloak that Deinara gave him,
that had been given by him by the centaur Nessus.
The record is unclear.
But it is true that Nessus knew very well what he was doing.
Hercules abused Nessus.
Nessus knew that the moment he put on this cloak, it would burn like fire.
It'd burn him to the bone and be impossible to wrench off.
So the only way to get out of his misery was to jump on the giant bonfire,
and thus the evil cloak of Nessus was destroyed.
Hercules' own lion skin, if that was on, it was an unnecessary object to add to the mix.
Of course, Hercules himself single-handedly slew the Nemean lion,
just as Tarzan of the Apes did on more than one occasion.
The first Popeye, I think of him.
Well, he wasn't that mentally swift.
But he...
Uh...
And he was superhumanly strong.
He didn't have to eat spinach to go into clobberin' time mode.
It was always a possibility.
And several times he accidentally killed people, simply by being too strong.
He had penitential periods where he had to abase himself.
And the story is, dressed like a woman,
in order to make up for the involuntary destruction
caused by his superhuman musculature.
Indeed.
His first act as a tiny baby was to strangle some venomous snakes,
which Hera had thoughtfully sent to slither into his crib,
which he was easily able to do, as in the famous Renaissance sculpture of Sáim.
That period of time where he was disguised as a mere mortal,
suggests again that he was an early superhero.
What we would come to know as a superhero...
He had a secret identity, didn't he?
Yes, he did.
But, like Superman, the secret identity was not something that you put on,
but it was who he actually was.
Hercules, the son of Zeus.
You know, like if you say Captain Marvel,
well, Captain Marvel is really crippled newsboy Billy Batson,
who has to say the word Shazam.
To transform into Captain Marvel.
But Superman was always really Superman,
and pretending to be Clark Kent.
Playing the sick game with Lois, just to amuse himself.
No doubt that Lois pursues Superman,
but turns down Clark, who pursues Lois.
And thus everything is kept in a demented equilibrium.
One might consider that just as what wrestling is to violence
and what pornography is to sex,
the Church of the Subgenius is to religion.
When you join in, you assume a new name, a new identity, new rules,
new swaths of humanity to hate.
But is it done for one's own benefit?
Not always. It's done for the greater cause.
And our ability to be human.
Our ability to incorporate infinite doctrinal expansion
is terrifying to the standard religions,
who of necessity must limit what they demand that their participants believe in.
With us, there is no limit.
A grand achievement of the Church is the establishment of great reach at very little cost.
It's been a powerful mission and a powerful ministry.
And the face of Bob itself has given amusement
to Asian people whenever they have seen it.
And I understand from child psychologists
that it helps toilet training at the toddler stage.
If you just put a picture of Bob by the Johnny,
a junior has no problem in letting go.
This has been reliably reported numerous times, so it must be so.
That's often why you'll see, especially in Europe,
a Dobbs head on the back of the urinal.
Now, I haven't seen that, but I can, uh,
that would seem to generate hostile impulses
from those who might better cultivate fraternal feelings
in their inmost being.
We aim to please, so please aim.
Right. At least that'll keep them from, uh,
wreaking havoc in all directions.
There's no you in our pool.
Let's keep it that way.
But there is a you in Mule. Have you thought of that?
Yeah, there is, indeed.
Uh, because that's what you get when incompatible types
get together for hanky-panky.
The hanky, the panky, the hugger, the mugger,
and the hullabaloo.
Yeah. The facehugger and the chestbuster.
And all the panoply of sad things.
Psychic agitation.
You were speaking earlier of the, uh,
the Superman foisted upon us by the Comics Code Authority,
but then we got past that.
Do you have an affinity, or do you see,
do you care more about the post-code Superman
who fights intergalactic baddies?
My prejudice was ever against superheroes.
I didn't like them, but they were there,
and so I read Superman comics, particularly the Silver Age ones,
where, no matter how much I read, I was always, like,
how far you go in the universe,
everybody looks like a Republican businessman,
even aliens.
You know, that was a weird one,
but okay, for the sake of the story, I'll accept that.
They've got space monsters, too,
a little further out, I guess.
But I seemed to get the idea that since Superman
was able to travel at a hyper speed,
thus divorce himself from Superman,
he could have a little bit of a chance
to get the physics of our own time
and our own Newtonian system,
that really the isolation of Superman is complete,
and there's nobody around, you know.
If he wasn't super,
which creates all the problems and solves them,
he would be certifiably insane.
But he has a fortress of solitude
where he revels in his solitude,
and he pulls his punches.
Because if he actually punched the Joker in the face
or somebody like that, there would be no head, you know.
So everything he does is inhibited,
including all his relations with humans.
And then comes the baroque and odd disturbing mystery
where there's a phalanx of life-like Clark Kent robots
standing behind the sliding door
in the closet of Clark's home.
It can be instantly activated.
It can walk out, fool everybody into thinking
that Clark and Superman are in the same place.
These undetectable robots that never move
but just stand there in silence.
That is eerie, Kryptonian science.
And it's a part of the genuine danger
that an actual Superman would be.
It would be a problem that,
when an advanced culture reveals that it exists,
it destroys the culture that perceives it,
as has been seen by humans anthropologically again and again.
Many have disliked the superhero idea
and seen it as a groping toward the fascist ideal
because it involves the superior man.
It involves one who is a vigilante
and takes on trouble with his own brute strength,
as Davy Crockett supposedly would have done
if he had been a man.
But what if you're not right?
Superman can make it better.
Most people couldn't.
Chuck Jones didn't like the idea of the superhero.
And he has in the Bugs Bunny superhero cartoon
where he eats an irradiated carrot and becomes powerful.
The villains also eat them and become powerful.
And it's shown that it's simply the ideal of the will to power.
So, I'm not sure.
Once that's shown, Bugs Bunny goes off
and joins the Marines at the end of that one.
Anyway, I probably veered from your question.
No, that's okay.
That really is the point of my question,
so you could veer from it.
But the kind of superheroes that I like
are the ones like Jaime Hernandez draws in Love and Rockets.
They're all different shapes, all different sizes.
They are conflicted.
But some of them do have superhero suits, right?
Superhero costumes?
There's sub-universes in the Jaime Hernandez universe.
They're easy to draw.
Because these costumes are skin-tight,
like the costumes actually worn by young people these days.
So, it's a short step from there to full superhero equipage.
I enjoyed some cartoon heroes who didn't have superhero suits,
but eventually they got them.
Like, for example, if you may recall,
Dr. Solar, Man of the Atom.
Ever read those?
Yes, indeed, sir.
He's a glowing, greenish scientist.
He got too near the nucleotides.
But it gave him special powers,
and he can hover and see through things,
though highly radioactive.
So, I thought it was cool that he'd be hovering there
in his lab coat, you know.
Isn't that all the superhero outfit you need?
The lab coat itself serves as a priestly, hieratic garment.
But, no, after a while the readers demanded
that he be in the skin-tight space suit sort of thing.
And then there was the most contrarian superhero of all,
Herbie Popnecker.
You must remember Herbie Popnecker.
That I do.
Yeah.
Well, he, for a long time, had no superhero suit,
but obese and phlegmatic,
trudged rather than flew through the air,
wearing blue pants, a white shirt,
and a small tie that barely covered a third of his stomach.
Bobole haircut, glasses, drooping eyes.
Lollipop.
Always a lollipop.
These lollipops enabled him to travel through time,
meet with angels and demons,
and endure the constant complaining of his dad,
who looked just like J.R. Bob Dobbs,
and who constantly berated him for being a fat little nothing.
Or a little fat nothing.
His mother would defend him weakly and say,
now you know he's not little.
So, that, but then after a while,
he was put into a superhero suit too.
Oh, now you're pointing.
You're gesticulating.
Oh, the, ah, what do we got going here?
I spoke with Reverend Singh.
He says that the recorder and yourself will likewise run forever.
Forever.
Will you please enjoy some libation?
I will, please.
Discus tea from Dr. Delvers.
All right, charge it up with super juice, please.
Full strength.
Sure, just make it as powerful as,
oh, you want me to drink it, not pour it into the,
okay, all right.
X-Day Public Service announcement,
eat something, lie down once in a while.
Thank you.
Drink something.
Drink a lot of liquid.
Drink a lot.
There's a strong, strong alcohol in that.
Lot of liquid, some of them without alcohol.
Isn't there?
Yeah, really, really strong.
Love, Mom.
But that's okay.
Mm.
Delicious.
Thank you, Dr. Howell, Uncle Onan, Reverend Singh,

Reverend Fanboy, and all bringers of drinks and repasts.
And now, an old Andrew the Impaled song from the new Liberty Tubes
called The Happy Stick.
Thank you.
It's awesome.
R desc prayer
Don't yok me, drink it up, zero it, drink it up, don't wahtek,

Oh, no, if it cook it that way, don't open the lid,
You've drunk yours.
Yeah, pop it in the kitchen.
Everywhere I go it seems exceedingly easy to find
Some poor old fool who's miserable and prisoned his own mind
And it's always kind of pissed me off because there's no excuse
Now that I've developed and tested a hell of a treatment for the blues
Every now and then I meet some sad sack that I'd like to beat
With a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick
It came to me within a dream on cold and restless night
Ten thousand souls in a deep dark hole and I possessed the light
And one by one they climbed on up a parade of misery
I had this big stick and each one I hit fell laughing to their knees
My purpose here was subtly clear to walk through your earth with a spreading cheer
With a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick
Now when I woke the dawn on me the stick was already mine
I got it at a yard sale about a mile down in 59
And it must have been the stick that day when I smacked poor old Vince
He cracked a smile the first in a while but happy ever since
Hey Vince!
I'm happy to be here, I'm happy to be here



He used to be a mopey kid but that'll change when he got hit
With a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick
Now a family man and a CEO betrothed it all
A different blow from the happy stick, from the happy stick, from the happy stick, from the happy stick
Hey!
You!
Come here!
And every share is mine
Every share is starting to weigh me down
And I really decided that it's time to go
I put my stuff back in the truck
I bought me an rhinestone and a rock

My own true feelings grow aente
Happy Christmas!
Happyetesцев Mr. Cameramen's Family well…

Lately I have noticed that the spring in your ship is gone
You chucked your beam and are often screaming naked on the lawn
Well I got a better answer friend, you can put the bottle down
Watch your nose as you close your eyes and turn around
Ha!
It's all the rage and this is why I told you your lies with the blink of an eye
With a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick, yeah
I'll make the world a better place, I'll smack the frown right on your face
With a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick
Hey
You
Come here
Ouch!
Okay, well I guess I needed that.
From the Liberty Tubes.
More on all these morons at subgenius.com
That's subgenius.com
Where you can also get stuff.
You might be surprised.
And now we'll close with a rather heavy piece by a new contributor, Fat Little Bastard.
This is a subgenius specific song from the Fat Little Bastard EP called A Slight Case of D.S.I. Ray, which is on Bandcamp, much like the subgenius music albums.
This one is called I Praise Bob As I Dream of X Day.
Yep, obviate.
� Retro and analogy for fucking crazy.
What will S disagree with me?
B So?
On bragver boss
A couple minutes ago, I was the replacement of a loser in yesterday's poquito va insider right now.
So hey faggots?

84?
Combat?
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
You motherfuckers, you are afraid
Thank you.
Thank you.
