She would never say where she came from.
The Self-Genius Power of Bob.
Today, we ain't got enough slack.
We ain't got enough slack.
Slack is what gives us breaks.
Breaks on the car.
Breaks on the train.
Breaks to make you go insane.
And slack is what brings you life.
Life takes away your slack.
Pussy waitresses take away your slack.
Arrogant cashiers take away your slack.
Insensitive employers take away your slack.
Withholding tax takes away your slack.
Life takes away your slack.
What gives you back your slack?
What gives you back your slack?
Get on your balls!
That's what gives you back your slack.
That's what now gives you back your slack.
After I found Bob, I knew that everything was going to be all right from now on.
You see, the aliens had been tampering with my brain
and been making me think that needy was the only way back.
Oh, but dear friends, you know, once the slack was given to me,
the ropes of life should know...
I could no longer rip my brain asunder and twist the...
the very air from my throat.
Yes, dear friends, you found nothing like it till you find Bob.
Because the peace that Bob has told me one day,
that unless I freed myself from Meaghy, they said,
Doctor, they said, physician, heal thyself!
Oh, hear me, God, what I have heard so afraid.
Spare me now!
No, don't you hear me!
Come pickle your memories now!
Indeed, the day before we first parted,
my heart sunk in breath.
Oh my God!


Oh, God, Working on my brain is so hard...
It's as if I'm exhausted!
But this side is too powerful to go on calling it a poem.


Freak, nut, and bug, and psychic bum.
There, there they sit and cerebrate,
The fervid pote who never potes,
Great artistes, male or she, that talk,
But scorn the pigment and the chalk,
And cubists, sculptors, wild as goats,
Theosophists and swamis, too.
Two. Musicians mad as hatters be,
E'en puzzled hatters, two or three.
Tame anarchists, a dreary crew,
Squib socialists, too damp to soosh.
Fake hobohemians steeped in suds,
Glib females in artistic duds,
With captive husbands cowed and gauche.
I saw some soulmates,
Side by side, who said their cute young souls were pink.
I saw a genius on the brink, or so he said, of suicide.
I saw a playwright who had tried,
But couldn't make the public think.
I saw a novelist who cried,
Sending his own stuff to his drink.
I met a vapid, egg-eyed gink,
Who said eight times,
Art is my bride.
A queen in sandals slammed the pans,
And screamed a Chinese chant at us.
The while a hippopotamus
Shook tables, bookshelves, and divans,
With vast terpsichorean fuss,
Some oriental kind of muss.
A rat-faced idiot boy
Who slimes white paper ore
With black and white,
And a black belt.
He is a kind of burbling blare,
Who warbles sex-slush sad to hear,
And mocks God in his stolen rhymes,
And wears a ruby in one ear.
Murmured to me,
My soul drinks song out of a golden bowl.
Drinks love and song,
My golden soul.
I let him live.
There were no bricks, or even now that golden soul were treading water in the sticks.
A pallid skirt, anemic wisp, as bloodless as a stick of chalk, got busy with this line of talk.
The sinner is misunderstood.
How can the spirit enter in, be blended with the truly good, unless through sympathy with sin?
Frying, I murmured, sad and low, I pass the buck, I do not know.
Upon a mantle sat a bust, some Hindu god, pug-faced and squat,
a visage to inspire disgust, Lord Bilk, the deity of rot.
Nay, surely, t'was the great god Bunk, for when I wonked at it, it wonked.
I heard, I heard it proved that night, that fire is cold and black is white,
that junk is art and art is junk, that virtue's wrong and vice is right,
that death is life and life is death, that breath is rocks and rocks are breath,
and cheap and easy paradox, the fool springs, hoping that it shocks.
Brainsick, I stumbled to the stone.
street, and drooled to a friendly cop. Since moons have feathers on their feet, why is your headgear
perched on top? And if you scorn the commonplace, why wear a nose upon your face? And since Pythagoras
is mute on sex hygiene and cosmic law, is your blonde beast as bland a brute, as blind a brute
as Bernard Shaw? No doubt when drilling through the parks with Ibsen's ghost and old Doc Marks,
you've often seen two golden bowls drink suds and sobs from crystal bowls. It ain't, he says,
I ain't, old kid, and I would pinch him if I did. Thank God, I said, for this at least,
the world in spots is well-polished.
Ah, yes, dear friends, that was Onan Canabite, Uncle Reverend Dr. Onan Canabite, reading
Proim. Before that, we heard some media barrage tapes from the olden days, before our slack.
We used to edit these collections and collages that we called media barrages. We heard a little
bit of Pope David N. Meyer, Philo Drummond, yours truly as a child.
And, uh, uh, oh, and our titles and news are from Leigh Murr. Now, let us check out Massive Hot Dog Recall.
Why don't you try a juicy good hot dog? Mmm, delicious.
I'm a little bit of a fan of the olden days. I'm a little bit of a fan of the olden days.
Standing next to you in the vestibule, you dropped your mail, I picked it up for you
because you smiled and I'm demented. I consider this relationship cemented.
Why complicate things with self-control? I can see us dating right through my peephole.
I stand behind you on the edge of the road. I'm a little bit of a fan of the olden days.
I smell your hair, so I remember later, yeah. I know we never spoken, but because I'm broken,
I pretend that you're my lady.
Frily liberties in the laundry room. I keep sweating out the memory of your perfume.
You take the garbage out, I want you to do it. It's so intimate, we live sifting through it, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And if you find out what I'm all about,
you will never be my lady.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
guitar solo
Some moving van parked on our sidewalk
I'm panic-stricken, baby, let's pretend to talk
Why are you doing this? Because I can't commit
You broke up with me and didn't even know it, yeah
I know we never spoke, but because I'm broken
I pretend that you're my lady
And if you find out what I'm all about
You will never be my lady
Oh, what a relief.
That was Massive Hot Dog Recall,
Al Motherspaugh's band,
that song Peephole,
and now let's call Dave.
It stinks up the atmosphere anyway,
and you're bound to believe it's the next one
from one to another.
You know, you start right off,
you think incredible Scientology
that you've heard and don't believe in anymore.
You know, any kind of sports vehicle
that you could possibly buy,
but that's why they had that whole reunion spectacle
or whatever they call it.
The, uh, the, uh,
Super Bowl.
Oh, yeah, that was just the other day.
And I guess they were having a Latin figurative
of the, uh,
it was the Spokane Blue Devils
versus the Rodimus Bosch
and the, you know,
twisted artists or something.
I don't know.
Did you have anybody invite you to a Super Bowl party?
Well, they invited me to a
chicken wing persecution complex
devotional ceremony.
And I was there.

I can't go to those things anymore
because my ankles are too fat.
And sometimes I'll grease up the steps
and that's it for me, you know.
Right in front of Father Perry and Father O'Malley.
They both were crying like babies.
Especially when I whipped it out,
you know, I showed them a picture of Bob.
My son was about to host a Super Bowl party.
And I went, huh?
He goes, actually, I've been doing that for 15 years.
And he goes, I know, you know,
it's not for the game.
It's for the commercials.
He makes commercials for a living.
That's his conspiracy job.
It's a real conspiracy job.
I mean, if you make commercials,
that's a pretty serious conspiracy job.
It's a real conspiracy
why only the wealthiest corporations in America
can afford to broadcast their commercials
for a living.
They're craving bestialities.
Well, no, actually.
They can write them off for taxes as advertising.
And essentially, a million or so,
millions of dollars cartoons,
you haven't paid for it.
Just the balloon part.
The cartoon balloon?
Yeah, but you're allowed to fill in the blanks.
You know what I'm saying.
Yeah, well, I used to watch...
You don't have to pay for commercials,
but like they say,
you were like the local jeweler
or the lop-headed person's signal fire.
They still have those sometimes.
Well, you know, I used to work for the conspiracy
making commercials.
I just helped, though.
I wasn't the director.
So I wasn't nearly as successful
as a conspiracy servant as my son has been
because he's much better paid than I am.
I never was.
I used to write jingles
in semi-national markets, too.
Can you believe that?
You wrote jingles?
I wrote jingles and performed them
and did all the guitar and the bass work
and did all the singing and stuff like that.
I'm not surprised.
We all had to pass.
We all had wives at one point.
I want to be part of the world's thing just like you.
I'm sorry.
No, go ahead.
No, after you.
I insist.
We don't need every woman, sir.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I insist.
No, no, no, no.
No, absolutely not.
I don't even remember what I was going to say.
Something vain, I'm sure.
Avaricious, full of vice and sexual powers.
Well, no, no.
More like full of yearning for such things.
You know, self-delusion to make me feel like,
you know, I'm a big shot
or a fancy schmancy,
one of the swells, you know, for half a second.
Well, you sat up there and smiled and said,
I'm delusional.
Well, yeah, because then I look around
at my actual environment
and everything's covered with dust.
God, this dust.
And clown, yeah, clown.
Yep.
God, it's horrible.
I can make it a little darker
by blowing as hard as I can
on these black,
plastic-covered machines.
But really, I mean,
I could draw a little dinosaurs
and stuff in the dust on these things.
Blowing machines
and drawing dinosaurs?
Yeah.
Hey, careful.
I can't see you doing that.
I can't see you stooping down so low
you've got to make the micrometer putt.
Oh, yeah.
I can't see it.
I can see Bob as a golfer,
but not you as a waiter.
My head's a-bobbing.
And I'm a-bobbing.
Because I've got to blow the dust off the machines.
Just to make them look better.
They still work.
Well, I'm staring at a big old four-track
T-Act reel-to-reel player
that is here just
because it looks sort of cool.
But it's been destroyed by dust
over the centuries.
It's got a sound on sound,
one of those sound-on sound things
where you keep on bouncing back and forth.
Right, that's how they did magical...
By the time you get to the fifth generation,
you're full of retards.
The Magical Mystery Tour was recorded
on a couple of four-tracks
bouncing back and forth.
Yeah, you got more tape hiss that way,
but nobody hears it.
More participation, though, too.
You can think of it that way
because a lot of waitresses
don't like to wear underpants
when they're serving people food
at the local...
What?
If I'd known that...
I'm not sure...
I'm not sure...
I'm not sure...
I'm not sure...

I'm not sure...



Waitresses not wearing their pantalons
underneath their dainties?
I can't believe it.
A waitress?
Yeah, it's a new law.
Don't they get cold?
Well, of course they get cold.
It makes them want to, you know,
get warmed up.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, man.
Well, I'm glad to know that.
I swear, Dave,
I wouldn't know anything cool
if it wasn't for you
and my other friends
that know the cool stuff.
Well, think of it.
I swear, man,
I didn't know about Me Too
until yesterday
and that's why I learned
all this stuff.
And it's definitely
important for us to...
Why?
I believe it's because
Jesus was taken
to the whipping post
before he shed his blood.
They stripped him
naked to the waist
and the man who carried the whip
brought the whip
down across his back.
This is what I saw
hundreds of years
before the manifestations
of Christ
when he said,
who hath believed our report
and to whom hath the arm
of the Lord been revealed?
For he was wounded
for our transgressions.
He was bruised.
Oh, he was tortured.
Yes.
Yes, they took Jesus.
They tapped him.
Oh, they made him,
they made him a work
of 80 hours a week.
Yes.
Yes.
You think they let Jesus off easy?
Well, you see
what they're going to do to you,
my friend.
Oh, you think Jesus got it hard.
What, they're going to nail you up there
with electrified nails.
They'll put you on a cross
and make that old dead fish
and you'll have to
eat that or die.
Oh, they're going to,
oh, I can,
I can feel it.
Oh, the pain,
the pain of my
religious spirit.
Oh, I love,
I love to be
nailed and,
and beaten and flogged,
oh yes,
by the nun
and the,
the altered voice.
Oh, oh,
bring them into me
and I'll just,
I'll,
they can tie me up.
You think I'm,
ah, they can't tie me up
because I'll bust loose my bonds.
I'll preach,
I'll preach pain and death and torment.
I'll preach,
ah, iniquity and evil.
Oh, they can't,
they can't hold me down.
They can talk about me all over Dallas County.
They can blacklist me from the film business.
They can send me out into the street
to exploit my blood
and, but hell,
I'll keep preaching damnation.
I'll preach death.
I'll preach about the heaven
that's gonna kill everybody.
Oh, oh yes, I'm gonna.
Do you think I oughta put a glossary in there
because some people say they can't understand it
and I'm, I was talking about Neighbor World.
Oh, yeah, neighbor,
well, no, I don't think you need to put a,
well, actually,
maybe you should.
I think there's a glossary at the end of Clockwork Orange.
Friends, Dave has,
brought up his novel Neighbor World,
which isn't selling fast enough
because I know you haven't bought one
and they're not expensive.
Anyway, it's so richly and imaginatively written
that people keep asking,
telling Dave that it needs a glossary
because he made up a lot of future words.
It takes place in the future with future words.
And I picked them all up from Contest.
You know, I had this,
this website called Context and you just go to it
and you type in loom or looming.
What does that mean?
And it's like getting high off of light pulses
that are made for that purpose
to keep the viewer glued to the screen
and with its mouth shut and obedient
and eventually brain damaged and carted off.
Well, you get. And eventually brain damaged and carted off.
And eventually brain damaged and carted off.
Where do they cart them off to?
The un-house.
The what?
The un-house.
Yeah, the un-house.
That's right.
Man.
Where everybody becomes like a product ID.
They become, you know, a mosquito, so to speak.
A swarm of many of one.
You know, I told you that my,
the most dependable science fiction reviewer,
high end science fiction aficionado,
that I know loved Neighbor World.
That's G. Gordon Gordon.
He's the guy turned me on to Ian M. Banks
and a whole lot of other just fabulous stuff
I wouldn't have known about otherwise.
And so I was glad to turn him on to one
that was yours.
On the other hand, I don't think my sister,
I sent my sister one in jail
and she didn't say anything about it.
She asked me, what, Luke?
What the looming was?
And I thought, uh-oh, that's not a good sign.
And I think she kind of gave up on it.
Of course, she also had these Neil Stevenson
highly educational novels to read over and over again.
Yeah, especially the population.
Princess, we just finished Neighbor World.
It only took her a year and a half.
It's not really a very long book, Franz.
But you can't skim it.
Because you have to concentrate on what the hell is going on.
Because it is like Clockwork Orange.
Now, some people would pick up that book and say,
well, it's just nonsense.
There's no such thing as these words.
That's because they don't speak Russian or nursery rhyme.
But there's an actual sensible reason for that weird slang
that those bad juvenile delinquents use.



And it's a future England talk.
You know, the funny thing is that it's like an old documentary.
It's like, oh, yeah, Clockwork Orange, the future.
All that stuff started happening 30 years ago,
right after he made the movie.
Partly because of the movie, I'm sure.
I mean, I used to dress up in a clown suit
with a cane and a bow tie.
And my friends and I would go around.
And, well, we beat each other up.
You and your three dudes?
Drew?
Drew?

You and your three droogies?
Yeah, the droogies.
And we beat each other up.
And mostly just for videos or films.
We didn't have video then.
Thank god there was no YouTube then.
Yeah, we used to try and crash pretty poly.
And there was times when we'd be, well, we'd go out
and have a shave in the rain.
Have you ever tried that?
You get one of those, like, foaming at the mouth.
Well, I don't know.
I did try to figure out something as close to VeloCet
or VeloCet as I could.
That was the one I was interested in.
What were the other ones?
VeloCet would put knives in your blood
and make you ready for a bit of the old ultraviolence.
Yep.
Molecle Plus.
Molecle.
Right.
I got the impression that that was sort of like psilocybin
chemical.
Like mushrooms.
And yeah, boy, those were some great drinks back then.
You know, when Molyco was recreational, you know,
it was legal.
Now you can only get it if you have a prescription.
And only in certain states.
And all of ultraviolence was important, too.
They didn't let you forget it for a moment.
You didn't even have to go and apply.
You could just become rearranged right in the middle of the sea,
or, you know, you could just go back.
You know, right in the carpet right in front of the boss.
And you say, watch this, and then disincarnate, reincarnate,
fly out the window.
Boy, it just irritates the hell out of me.
I don't even know what it is.
Oh, by the way, Princess Weave's conclusion about Neighbor World
was that it was really weird.
And the ending was not what she was expecting.
And she considered it a very, very weird ending.



And she thought it was a very unusual book,
because it doesn't have the same kind of structure or cliches
or progression that you kind of expect from a modern-day
quickie airport thriller.
Well, somebody told me, does the hero get what he wants?
Which is, you know, the, what's it called,
that the motivations part of fulfilling your job as a novelist
or fiction writer?
What do they call that?
Sales?
It says, wouldn't the hero get what he wants?
No, when the hero or heroine gets their whatever their wish is.
It's like, when I grow up, I'm going to be,
and it's the story of Janet Fiswick.
Well, but all Standard wants is just a half,
a little bit of breathing space, just a tiny bit of slack.
If you understand so good, Stan, if you were a man or a woman
or something, I'd probably introduce you
to my friends over here.
It has a happy ending in much the same way that, you know,


that Terry Gilliam movie, Brazil, has a happy ending.
Yeah, I've heard that.
I think that might be true.
So, anyway, friends, I can't, you know,
we can't recommend things like Neighbor World.
Enough!
This isn't a call to action.
This is just food for thought.
Just chew on it for a while,
like those rawhide strips that the dogs love so much.
Mm-mm.
They keep them busy for 15 minutes.
That book will keep you busy for 15 minutes per page.
It's kind of like reading Finnegan's Wake.
You have to keep going back to the Cliff Notes
to figure out what the heck's going on.
But that's good.
That means it's not the same old pap.
It's not just that mediocre pap.
It's either so bad that it's amazing,
or it's so good that it's amazing.
Either way, it's amazing.
For those who have the spirit of discernment,
for those who have eyes to read the 10-point print,
and it is 10-point Garamond.
Garamond?
Yeah, it may even be 12-point.
Well, I didn't want it to be over 11.5 points.
Well, I mean, it takes up more paper
and becomes more expensive the bigger the print is, but...
Well, it's like your forehead gets bigger.
For what reason?
Well, you left crying in the rain.
My eyes got smaller.
They were like little rotten, shrunken olives
that dried out.
Magnifying glasses.
Yeah, or some kind of expensive machine
that pumps the words directly into my brain
from an E-book.
Oh!
Book pills, they call them.
You just take a book pill...
Yeah.
You got the gist of it.
It's not like reading it exactly, but you can talk about it at parties like I just did.
And you have kind of a gut feeling about everything.
It's like a denouement.
Isn't that the truth?
I never had the book pill of Jules Verne's 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea,
and it's just starting to come on now that I remember.
All I remember is eating squid with Burt Lancaster in the movie.
I never even saw that movie.
I've only read the comic book a hundred times, Classics Illustrated.
That story is ripe for a remake, a giant big-budget remake,
where they change the basic gist of the whole thing
and add a real hot-looking woman in distress.
Yeah, and Kissinger, you know the old guy Kissinger,
could be dressed up like Captain Nemo and stuff,
and he'd kind of sound like a pervert?
Well, Kissinger's dead, I think.
Wouldn't it have to be somebody?
I think he might have Mandela's disease.
Oh, God, yeah, where you only remember the alternate universe.
Right.
You only remember the things that didn't actually happen.
Yeah, string theory with no strings attached.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.











A little bit over my head.
I can't remember.
What's the difference?
I can't remember accurately any of it anyway.
It's all Mandela effect for me,
combined with butterfly effect from that one time that I tried the time machine.
God, I should have known better.
I'd probably be rich by now if I hadn't gone back there and tried to make myself rich.
I thought it was terrible that you didn't let people think it was very nice.
I thought it was very nice and entertaining to read my book.
You make it sound like it's a treatise on physical logical by Aristopheles.
No, no, but it is.
It does require, I mean, it's fun for me because I like that kind of thing.
It's challenging.
One of my favorite novels is Anathem by Neal Stephenson, which also is told in future slang.
And, of course, the aforementioned.


And the clockwork orange, you see.
I love future slang, though, don't you also?
I mean, I thought that would be nice.
Most people would just go like, he said he's going to spur the client on his quenching,
and then it was time for Tuesday, so we all drool together.
And everybody would applaud.
And they'd say, we don't exactly, precisely know what that means,
but we kind of know enough to read the next page.
You know, what we should do is send that book to some famous authors.
But, okay.
The only authors that I know are people who are so unknown that they send books to me,
hoping I'll write a blurb for it.
And I do.
I always say things like, you know, a rollicking rollercoaster of thrills.
Surely another bestseller.
Intoxicating.
Well, I did that for your book.
I did a whole foreword and wrote blurbs on the back and everything.
But, you know, I can't, it's like, if I send it to Terry Pratchett, he's going to go,
who are you?
And besides, I'm dead.
If I could, you know, I could send it to Douglas Adams, I'll get the same response.
Actually, Terry Pratchett and Douglas Adams did know about Church of the Subgenius.
And Douglas Adams even gave us a little tip of the hat in one of his books with a planet named Bob.
And the reason is I gave him a copy at a book signing in Dallas.
He'd never heard of it, but I handed him a copy of the book.
And a while later, he said, I gave him a copy of the book.
And a while later, it paid off because he made us feel good about it.
But see, what you've got to do is you've got to just go show up at the front doorsteps of these authors.
Like J.D. Salinger, you ought to track him down.
And just, you know, knock on the door disguised as a mailman and then shove it in his face and go,
here, just take this and don't tell anybody.
And of course, that means they'll have to tell everybody.
Well, what was that?
That was that movie with Stubborn.
By Stephen King, the book.
What was that one?
No, what?
Where the writer gets...
That book by Stephen King where the writer gets trapped by a lady who...
Misery.
Misery.
Well, actually, that's about five Stephen King books.
Any given plot that you go, what?
That one Stephen King book about the guy that can't sleep?
Yeah, there's always five of those.
I think it was the third one.
They're all pretty good, though.
I mean, they're all page turners.
I'm not putting down Stephen King.
I think he's a real good storyteller.
I think The Stand is one of the great American...
It's like the great American novel.
I read it during flu season, too.
That was fun.
Probably Neighbor World is, too, though.
Right.
Just think about it.
Yeah, but they just don't know yet.
That's why they all need to go to indoctrination camps.
Because we can't just let people not think whatever they want to.
Well, now, for one thing...
We have to teach most of them how to read all over again.
You know, because they go to school,
and that just teaches them how to punch a keyboard and watch TV.
And putting little things on the keyboard
or taking, like, little notes into the books.
That doesn't work anymore because of the surveillance device.
Well, and they use...
I don't know if you've...
Well, Dave, you don't do a lot of texting.
But nowadays, you don't really have to type out a word.
You start to type out the word in little picture forms.
So you just stop, you know, then you can go on to the next word picture.
Like, if I type dog, a cute little picture of a dog,
tiny, but the size of the word appears on the screen.
If you go...
I love that.
A heart will appear instead of the word.
So it's getting to the point now where it's like,
if you just know the first letter of a word,
then the machine will fill in the comic book version of the word.
Iconograms.
And nobody really has to, you know, it's like,
whoa, he sent me some message about a dog.
Lol.
Yep.
Iconograms and so forth and whatnot.
Just, you know, these messages that I or you or I
would take half an hour to decipher
just because of the obscurity of the images shown
and believe, of course, incredible as it may seem.
Iconograms and so forth and whatnot.
Iconograms and so forth and whatnot.
Iconograms and so forth and whatnot.
She's got a place, a vanity place
in her head.
It's in her head.
In her head.

She's consciously conspicuous
on the screen.
wrong side of ridiculous
She doesn't
listen much
Just like
everyone else
She had her mindset
on and now
now it's in her head
When you look for it
you won't see it
but she'll tell you
you would stare
in her head
She's got a blade, a vanity blade
in her head
This is not a vigorous speech
She's literally got a vanity
in her head
She's got a blade, a vanity blade
in her head
That was Massive Hot Dog Recall again.
The song Vanity Plate.
That's Al Mothersbaugh on trombone and singing.
Let's eavesdrop in on Philodrummond and Bleepo Abernathy
from a recording made just a couple of weeks ago.
Hello.
Hey.
Are you there?
Jeffery? dessasenglishondetsenglish.com

Oh, there you are.
I see Bleepo.
You're there.
Bleepo has reappeared.
There.
Yes.
The thing, it pops out.
It's crazy.
Crazy.
It's crazy.
It's nuts.
It's insane.
It goes in and comes out.
There we go.
But now we got it back.
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
I see a big BK.
It should be BA.
I know.
It defaults.
It defaults to the hamburger setting.
Facebook was cruel to me.
Cruel.
I know.
I know.
They made you take on that whole other thing.
It was much crueler to me than it was to you, though.
Well, they won't let me use my real name.
They make me use my human street name that I was born with.
They let me use my real name for a long time.
Like for four or five years.
And then some rat like Sam Stutler routed me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's funny that my Facebook suddenly.
Suddenly busted me right after that little flurry of butthurt involving bears on the
X day Facebook page.
Yeah.
Huh?
Well, but wait, Philo.
I still I still have two Philos that I'm friends with on Facebook.
There's still two people named Philo that I'm friends with.
Well, who's the other one?
I don't know.
There's two of them.
They had the same little head.
One of them.
One of them is dead and one is alive.
This Schrodinger's Philo.
Actually, it's one time I started a page.
Like a celebrity page.
Yeah, that's what they told me to do.
And I did that.
Now I'm burdened with having to keep it up.
Yeah, they said.
They said, oh, you want to be known as Ivan Sang.
We just started a fan page with that name.
But that's not the same.
No, I know.
No, it's not the same.
It's like a.
It's.
It's.
Fuck.
I hate it.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Oh, I mean, it's bad.
It's bad.
It's bad.
Man, I'm going to send literal physical CDs out to radio stations.
Okay.
But college radio stations.
Five of them.
Or.
Yeah, that's all it is.
No, they talk.
They talk a lot worse than we do.
Oh, they sure do.
But, you know, college stations don't have lawyers on retainer.
Mm hmm.
And they can lose everything if they get fined.
And, of course, there's always some agenda person out there that wants to close down
the station for whatever reason.
Because they played a George Carlin record.
Yeah.
Or whatever, you know, something they don't like.
But they said something I don't like.
What was it?
I don't know, but I don't know.
I don't like it.
I just know I don't like it.
And did you ever dream that you're.
Your nose will smell like Cyrano de Bergerac?
Well, I have certainly tried.
Actually, I kind of have.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're not alone, Dave.
You're not alone.
Well, I was.
I wasn't worried about that.
But now I am.
I'm looking over my shoulder.
And listeners, you're not alone.
You're listening to your old pals.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Reverend Stang.
And we.
We're your friends.
We want you to be.
You know, we want to lift you for just a second out of your mundane, confusing world.
And come into our mundane, confusing world.
At least it's a change for 59 minutes and 30 seconds.
That's the only way.
Yeah.
Oh, Dave, I saw somebody said a mean thing about me on Facebook.
Well, they're known to do that.
Yeah.
It started with a funny picture.
There's a picture of Les Claypool, who is a kind of a funny rock and roller.
He had a band called Primus or Premus or something.
Primus is what it was called.
Yeah.
And they had a picture of him and he had long hair and a goatee.
And then they put a picture of me that I just recently posted.
And he said that was like separated at Bergerac.
Is Stang and Les Claypool the same or something like that?
Some guy said, and we didn't look that much alike.
But this one guy comes in and he goes, well, Stang is like 20 years older than Les Claypool
and has one twentieth as much originality.
Or he's one twentieth as creative.
That was it.
It's like, I felt like going, well, man, since you can quantify creativity, you must really
know how to.
You must know all about that.
So why don't you fill us in on what Reverend Stang should be doing differently?
Oddly enough, I'd never heard of this person.
I think his name was Feral Him on Facebook.
Something like that.
A likely name is probably a Soviet artist.
Again, once as usual, they're still hiding around the entire world.
Some of them go to Argentina first and they come back and they know just how to hurt you.
How to get you right in the old gonads.
They'll start building.
They'll start building you up like you think you're Michelangelo and next thing you know
they've got you down on the floor like in some kind of Mexican wrestling movie.
Just twist you.
Well, I've learned the hard way to do it the easy way.
When somebody attacks you on the internet, the meanest thing you can do is ignore it.
Really?
Because the only reason they're doing it is so that they'll feel like they've got a
dig in it, that famous guy, which makes them feel better.
But if they don't know that the famous guy ever saw their dig, then it was just pointless
jealousy.
Just another example of them being a jealous loser.
The fastest gun in the West, only nobody gets really shot with a real gun.
They just get like their egos deflated by a retard.
Besides, I don't think I've ever stolen any gags from Les Claypool because I didn't even know him.
I didn't even know what that band was.
But they did a movie and they stole a gag from us.
Is it the extremely large cowboy hat?
Yeah, they mention this guy has built a house in a tree and he's showing off his toilet.
This is a mockumentary.
He's showing off his toilet and he says, and this is the excremeditation chamber, I call it.
I thought, oh, that's a little tip of a hat.
There's one like that in Wayne's World.
They refer to a band that was actually a band that Philo and I had.
I'll go ahead and say it, the Shitty Beatles.
You even see them walking by in the background and they're in Beatle outfits.
And Wayne looks over and goes, oh, so it's not just a clever name.
They went to the trouble of dressing as Beatles.
I guess they smelled like that too.
So.
Hey.
So, you know.
You know, every movie's got one rip off of Church of the Subgenius in it if you just
know where to look.
Whereas we don't rip off those movies.
Yeah we do.
In fact, the music that I've been, the music I'm playing in the background comes from the
movie Quest for Fire, a caveman movie.
Oh, I love caveman movies.
Hey, the president's on the radio right now.
Oh, that's right.
He's doing the SOB.
The SOB speech.
Uh, well, Dave, you know what?
We have recorded 54 minutes of something and I'm probably going to split it up into two
shows because I've got.
Hey, wait until you hear what's coming up next.
This great new song by.
Will have you standing on your forehead with joy and dancing with your fingers.
So.
I love dancing with my fingers.
You know, the Kansas City Star about two years ago had one of these culture icon battles
where they would pit one cultural icon against another cultural icon, and people would vote
on it, and who would win.
But it was always weird things.
It was like, The Beatles versus a Snickers candy bar.
Which one do you like better?
You know?
Yeah.
And it was like, the New York Yankees versus a Hula hoop.
Which one do you like better?

do you like better? You remember that? It was crazy. Anyway, it went on for weeks and weeks
and weeks. And once all the cultural icons were voted down to the final, final, final,
you know what won the final last thing that won? Johnny Cash.
Wrong song.
I keep a close watch on this heart of mine. I keep my eyes wide open all the time. I keep
the ends out for the tie that binds. Because you're mine, I walk the line.
I find it very, very easy to be true. I find myself alone when each day's through. Yes,
I'll admit that I am a fool for you. Because you're mine, I walk the line.
As sure as night is dark and day is light, I keep you on my mind both day and night.
And the happiness I've known proves that it's right. Because you're mine, I walk the line.
I keep a close watch on this heart of mine. I keep my eyes wide open all the time. I keep
the ends out for the tie that binds. Because you're mine, I walk the line.
I walk the line as performed by the great Bob Walkenhorst on the DVD called Live and On Purpose,
2006. You're listening to The Hour of Slack, episode number 1714. For more information about
the church, visit the website at www.thehourofslack.com.
For more information about the church, visit the website at www.thehourofslack.com.
For more information about the church, visit the website at www.thehourofslack.com.
This is PR News.
Yeah, so that means we have to, like, wrap it up. It's been...
Okay, well, I'll just say it's been a wonderful experience knowing you're here tonight on
this, especially the developmental pockets. They're trying to make up different allegiances,
grow and prosper across the land and across the many different genus and phylum lands.
I'm, uh, uh, genus or phylum, um, categories.
I did that. Yesterday, Dave, I did, uh, two different radio shows for a total of, uh, two and a half hours.
One was a legitimate, uh, radio show out of Austin about the South by Southwest Film Festival,
which is showing the Subgenius documentary on March 10th. And, uh, they, this little, this show called Lights, Camera, Austin,
uh, interviewed the director, Sandy Boone, and she was in the studio with him.
And the, and...




And I was there on the phone. And, uh, so that was one of those professional type ones.
Then last night, I got on the new Young Subgenius Turks show, uh, Time for the Show is the name of the show.
It's the Time for the Show show.
I'd like to appear on them one time, too.
Well, Dave, it's kind of like Tarzan's radio station, but even more futuristic.
You, you, you...
They can't put you on unless you have a computer. You have to talk. They use a program called Discord.
Oh.
And, uh, that's...
It's similar to Skype, isn't it?
Sort of, yeah. Kind of.
Uh, Philo and Bleepo and I did a show a couple of weeks ago that, where we used, uh, FaceTime audio.
But we could do that because we all three have iPhones.
I don't think...
I think it would work with somebody who didn't have an iPhone. We'd have to use Discord, which, to me, sounds horrible.
Uh...
Yeah, but Humpty Trumpty sat on a wall.
Right.
And that's... And they, they just got done applauding for half an hour about that.
I guess...
Well, it's been going on for longer than half an hour.
Well...
Humpty Trumpty...
That's your time. You, you, you, you live where the people have no focus or their focus is completely different.
No.
No, ours is central.
Our, our focus is right in the center.
Central time.
Do you know that CNS stands for central nervous system, but it also stands for collective nostril spaces?
No, you do not...
That explains why those pills messed me up so bad.
Yeah, if you take enough, enough of those pills, you could...
They say you resemble Christ.
Or whatever that means.
I don't want to do that.
He was pretty beat up in most of the pictures.
I've seen.
Yeah, I don't mean to be disrespectful either.
I understand.
You know, he was going through that for our sins.
I, I get it.
I just, uh, I don't want to, you know, it ain't me, babe.
No, no, no.
It ain't me you're looking for, babe.
Don't nail me up on that thing.
Yep.
You know, whatever you say, Emperor Brutus, I need all this, whatever you're, you know, king of the most of the modern world at the time.
Yeah, we'll have it your way.
You know, I'm not going to go out there.
That's what Bob said.
And you can, and kids...
Well, think of how much bigger the empire is now with Bob trying to stir things up and not stir them up at the same time.
Oh, he's, you're right.
He's mainly just selling popcorn to the end of the world spectacle.
You know, he's, he's, he's the guy going hot dog, get him while you can.
Hot dogs, the last 10 on earth, only a dollar each.
It turns out there's 10 more hot dogs.
Every human that's ever lived.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, but they're made out of humans.
Well, of course.
Poor humans.
Poor humans.
Only the richest people have a dollar for that hot dog.
Anyway, we should go, except that anyone wants to know more about Neighbor World and its fringe related projects like the Church of the Subgenius.
You can look at Subgenius.
com.
And there is going to be a big party in Austin March 10th if they can just find a new venue.
Some rich company bought the venue that Sandy had.
She was going to throw a party, a free party for everybody.
Anybody wanted to come to it.
They do that at party centrals all over the country.
It was a devival.
But the problem is it's in the middle of South by Southwest.
And I mean, a Motel 6 outside of town costs 400 bucks a night during South by Southwest.
So finding...
Any place that you can have a party in besides the Walmart parking lot is really hard.
I told her I was up for standing on an apple crate at the Walmart parking lot and leading a little devival.
You know, she can hand out the drinks and food.
We'll have a party.
But, you know, the man always shows up.
That's happened to us before.
Anyway, it's Subgenius.com.
And you can learn everything about it.
And we're going to be famous.
We're going to be famous for about a month because that movie is actually pretty good.
And it'll probably end up on Netflix or someplace.
And everybody will go, oh, I had no idea it was like that.
I completely envisioned it as something completely different.
Church and Subgenius.
Wow.
It's not anything like I thought.
I'm going to send them $35 now.
Of course, by the time that happens, the price will be twice that.
Yeah.
And you pay.
And you pay the international date line, too.
So they have to send it back in time.
Right.
And then next day will happen.
For you to get it the next day, of course.
I mean, you know.
Right.
And then July 5th is coming in about four months.
So that's it.
Which equals July 12th by the time they discount all the numbers again.
Either way, the world ends.
Yep.
And you may die.
But you may not on that day.
Depends on how close you are to old Bob.
Depends on if you're asking permission.
When you say,
Hey, may I die, you know?
Yeah.
I know I'm going to get to stand on the running boards outside his car.
I can't say I'm at the right hand of Bob, but I can stand on the running board.
He said so.
Oh, I'm going to wear one of them residents.
Remember the old band of residents?
I'm going to wear one of those old costumes he used to wear with a huge eyeball.
And like a square top hat and a banjo and a mandolin on my fingers.
That's what I'm talking about.
And on that note, let us drift slowly away like bubbles in outer space.
Oh, wait.
Bubbles in outer space would instantly burst.
They'd be the weakest, most pathetic thing.
Yes, let us go ahead and float away like bubbles in zero gravity, zero vacuum, total vacuum,
and the end of all things, or at least this show.
This darn weekly show.
Week, indeed.
Okay, weekly.
Okay, weekly.
Okay, well, that's the end of the show, but I'm still here.
Are you still there?
No, he seems to think that when I say it's the end of the show, that means we have to hang up.
It's the end of the show, but that doesn't mean we have to hang up.
I guess we do.
Thank you.
