This program is fictional and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead is purely
or purely coincidental. This is Bob saying no and obey, obey, obey, be careful.
No?
Bob is great, Bob is great, so listen to old Bob, good old Bob, good old Bob, has a righteous soul.
Bob will growl and call you a hazel.
I am going to die, I am going to die, I am going to die.
Welcome to your last day on earth.
I feel good, I feel good, I feel very happy, I feel very sad.
I feel very happy, I feel very sad.
Hope I didn't startle you, hon.
Are you feeling better?
I like it here.
Nothing beats setting up camp in the desert at night,
just toasting s'mores and getting glowy.
Baby, we have to talk.
I'm on a radiation vacation, soaking up the gammas.
All the he-men do their bomb testing just over the ridge there.
Can't you smell it?
Baby, there's a possibility that your problem is coming back.
There's nothing wrong with me.
I'm just little Miss Suburbia, two jean pods and a purse full of credit cards.
My husband had an erection once.
Silly, really.
I want you to go upstairs and pack a suitcase.
I'm taking you back there.
This flicker is my vortex.
See the neon?
I got an EKG you can dance to.
Everybody limbo.
I had a legendary twitch in Nagasaki.
Uh-huh.
Huh?
I want to tell you a secret.
Hello, I'm busy.
I'm a machine.
Perhaps.
I'm a machine.
Perhaps I would really like to zoom right in there, deep within you.
No pain.
Perhaps I would love to know you better.
I would love to continue our conversation.
When can we do that?
No pain.
I would really like to get to know you.
I'd really like to see you again.
Can we go have lunch?
I can't even feel love.
You are spontaneous, interesting, fun.
I'd love to spend more time with you.
I'd love to spend more time with you.
I'd really like to continue this conversation.
Come here, please.
It's easy for you.
Natural.
Natural.
Yes, yes, yes.
And the song I'm about to play is by Natural Lizzy.
But I should explain that this show, Hour of Slight number 1118, is a women's show.
That is, it's mostly girl stuff.
And girls.

Girl Devo stuff.
Love, marriage, babies, hell, purgatory, all that girl stuff.
What we just heard was from Miss Norell Preff, Miss the Floozy, and Miss Leemur.
Now, Natural Lizzy will perform Devo's Baby Doll.
Welcome.

Hello, everybody.
You are watching Another Flea complementary TV أنا grijal LOL
It würde bana immortália

My baby doll
My baby doll
My baby doll
My baby doll
My baby doll
Right out my life
She turns it off
Over my head
Not close enough
My baby doll
My baby doll
My baby doll
My baby doll
My baby doll
Baby doll
You look so good
Baby doll
You feel so sweet
Baby doll
Baby doll
Let me have it
Baby doll
Why did you do it?
Baby
Baby doll
You look so good
Baby doll
You feel so sweet
Baby doll
Let me have it
Baby doll
Why did you do it?
Baby doll
Baby doll
Why did you do it?
Baby doll
Baby doll
Baby doll
Why did you do it?
Baby doll
My baby
Quick-capped bird queen knows what she wants
And what I have is what it costs
My baby John
My baby John
My baby John
My baby John
My baby John
Baby John You look so good
Baby John You'll feel so sweet
Baby John Let me have it
Baby John Why did you do it, baby!
Baby John You look so good
Baby John You'll feel so sweet
Baby John Let me have it
Baby John Why did you do it, baby!
Baby, don't
Why did you turn off the light?
Pretty Mongo, everybody wants her toilet
Same old story, she don't let no one near it
The way she teases them, it's such a shame
She's got all the hue-boons crying her name
Simple, simple
She got them howling, she got them growling
Simple, simple
She got them going clean out of their minds
Simple, simple
Simple, simple
In a mountain town who wouldn't have her for his daughter
They'd all trade their brains for one taste of her toilet water
So what's the point of living in a town like this?
The way she teases them, it's such a shame
She's got all the hue-boons crying her name
Simple, simple
Simple, simple
Simple, simple
Simple, simple
Simple, simple
you're a whore
They run in circles
try to call her out
But her phone's been disconnected
since she sold her butt
The way she teases them
It's such a shame
She's got all the
hoops on her back
Hoops on her back
She got them howling
She got them growling
She got them going clean
out of their minds
She got them going clean

She got them going clean
out of their minds
Yeah!
Do you take this
this teela
to be your teela?
To have
and to hold
from this day forward
for better or for worse
for richer or poorer
in sickness and in health
and kinkiness
to love and to choose
say I do!
I do!
Do you take this

take this hot
hot woman
who frankly
I have taken notice of myself
in the past
of not just being Kaylo

to be her king




to have
Yes!
Have
And to hm-hold
from this day forward
for better or for worse
for richer or for poorer
in sickness and health
to love and to cherish
and to fucking
fucking fuck
say I do!
I do!
Yeah!
I fuck
I fuck
I fuck
And this girl has just
driven across the field
That's beautiful.
Now friends, hey, you have rings.
They already have the rings.
Click those rings together as if those rings
were making it, baby.
Now, seal your vows with a kiss
and make it a hot kiss
because there's a lot of subjeetions watching.
Now, shake on it and say it's a deal.
It's a deal.
I am a co-house suit.
Teela and Mickey.
That's right.
I am in one.
Price Mickey.
Price Teela.
Price Bob.
Price Connie.
It's a wild, wild world, baby.
It is a...
wild world indeed.
The end of a wedding,
a real wedding at 10X Day Drill last July.
Congratulations to Mickey and Teela Wild.
Before that, the old, old Devo song,
Sue Balls,
was done by the all-girl band Deva
from myspace.com slash Devalurement.
Baby Doll was covered by Natural Lizzy,
which is at myspace.com
slash Hello Poopy.
All from the Devo fan collection,
not necessarily beautiful,
but mutated.
And all girl stuff,
as is this sermon on Connie Dobbs and Connie Dumbs.
Yes.
Magistra.
Butantis.
Geekus Adeptus has a question.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.


Thank you.




Thank you.
Say that again.
Connie.
As in Hail Connie?
Hail Connie.
Oh, did I hail Connie?
Nobody cares about Connie.
I'm sorry to say that,
but if you folks really,
if you feminists really want to...
You know, we got all this griping
over for the last 25 years.
Oh, you're all praising Bob,
but nobody says Hail Connie enough.
Man, we put a hundred Connie shirts,
mugs, tiles,
every cheesy gee-gaw you can think of
is at subgenius.com.
And nobody ever buys any of it.
However, one thing we do have at that table
are Connie and Bob condoms.
Condoms.
There are Connie condoms.
There are more Connie condoms than there are Bob condoms.
Well, once again, because nobody really cares about Connie.
Until they get real horny.
Oh, yeah, then all of a sudden,
Hail Connie.
Oh, I need to get laid.
I better say my prayers to Connie.
Hypocrites, backsliders, pew packers.
Here's the sad thing about the Bob condoms.
I just...
This company contacted us and said,
we do art condoms.
Condoms with designs by Coop
and R. Crum and people on them.
And we thought we'd put Bob on there.
And I said, well, you also have to have Connie-doms.
And then we'd get a little royalty
whenever somebody sold one.
And I finally got samples of them just before X-Day.
But I decided to give them away.
And we did.
We gave them away as condolence things
to all the people who showed up waiting for the saucers.
And here's why.
They're not righteous Bob condoms.
Because it turned out when you open it up,
you discover the Bob is only on the outside packaging.
There's no Bob on the rubber.
Now the whole idea is,


the idea of a Bob condom is to see the distorted, swollen,
weird-looking dog's heads or Connie faces that you get
depending on what kind of distorted, swollen thing they're stuck onto.
But then we got to realizing there's a practical side of it.
What if you had your Bob condom on and you had...
maybe even you had a partner to use it with.
And you stick it into something,
whichever, armpit or something.
Well, you pull it out.
When you done your...
If you come tonight, you'll see Bob.
When you're done with it,
you pull it out and there's this...
It's like smeared...
The Bob would be all smeared, right?
The ink...
You would have left a Bob inside that armpit
or whatever orifice you would use.
Now some would go,
Yeah, man, I've got Bob in me now.
But then there's the question of the, you know,
what do they make the ink out of?
Do you really want to have a dog's head made of toxic ink
soaking into your mucous membranes or your armpit or whatever?
A subgenius suggested the one way around it.
We're going to contact the company and see if they can print the Bobs
directly on the rubbers using prairie squid ink.
So, you know, write your congressman and demand that from now on,
the Bob condoms use prairie squid safe, endangered animal prairie squid ink.
Some of you city kids may not know what prairie squids are good for,
and that's just too bad.
You'll have to guess.
I was just wondering why there is a large spent prophylactic right in front of you.
Well, that was the subject of Stang's earlier discourse.
That is a rubber.
Yes, it's one of the ones that had Connie's face on it.
It was on the package, but not on the tip.
And we were bemoaning the conspiracy's inability to get it and follow through
to produce the object which actually does represent the desire of the computer.
I mean, consumer.
Oh well, I suppose there's not that much difference anymore.
Well, I suppose if there's a Virgin Mary, there must be a concept called an anti-Virgin Connie,
and if so, why? And if not, why not?
Because use is the paramount metaphor.
And not holding something in readiness for some namby-pamby pie-in-the-sky day of coitus that may never occur.
One must jump into the frantic round of body fluid mixing in order to generate more consumers for Moloch,
the friendly, smiling head of the conspiracy corporation.
Yes.
We can only think of a post-coint.
A little tower in San Franskisvoldskisvokism, a standing tall erect monument, now gone flaccid,
awaiting more and more Germans, little weasels to arise, and different pieces of...
Well, was that something different now?
I don't know. Because whether it comes from Germany or Skandahouvia or any nation of old Europe or whatever,
it is prophesied that one will come
who will reunite the tribes and cause the bobbies to sink into the ocean
about your greasy hair doesn't care about the clothes you wear
Connie the Band Whore
Connie the Band Whore
she lays D&D geeks she thinks about comic books in her sleep
she loves your nerdy ways and the funny questions from Star Trek you say
Connie the Band Whore
Connie the Band Whore
a geek lover and heartless

she doesn't want the butchy part
Connie the Band Whore
Connie the Band Whore
everybody's favorite girl
even if you're a dork of the world
she doesn't care if you're clean or neat
she doesn't care if you're clean or neat
she doesn't care how much money you have
the only thing that she wants is your meat
and she don't get it she's gonna be mad
Connie the Band Whore
Connie the Band Whore
she's everybody's favorite girl
she just wants you for who you are
don't need to be a muscle man
or a man or a rockstar
she doesn't care about what's on sale at the mall
she just wants to take you to bed and have a great old fall
Connie the Band Whore
Connie the Band Whore
and I'm talking about the marching band
she died to a player last week
she died to a player last week
ever since. Earlier she got up with the guy playing flute. It was a great riot.
Connie the band whore. Connie the band whore. She loves the boys for what they are.
No lipstick needed. No need to try.
Connie the band whore. Connie the band whore. Connie the band whore.
Connie. She doesn't want those pretty boy tights.
Connie. She wants a guy who can read and write.
Everybody involved was making that up on the spot, friends. The doctor music has really changed over
the years, thank God. Priestess Pisces was singing with five-fisted tales of Connie,
such tales as Carter LeBlanc and Reverend Angry Larry. But now, another wedding at 10 next day.
Ranting time. Anybody?
All right. Actually, before you rant, I've got something I need to do.
Can I see your fiancé, please, to come up as well?
This is a shorter fiancé. They are shorter engaged and they want to finalize their shorter engagement.
Okay. If you two could come up on the stage, please. And do you have the gear?
The equipment?
Yes, we do.
Okay. Every subgenius minister is allowed to do shorter mars. In fact, you should be
doing shorter mars. I have... Everybody does their shorter mars different. Mine is pretty
sweet and simple.
Okay.
Your name again?
Absinthetic.
Absinthetic.
Absinthetic Pantiera. Do you promise in the next however long it takes before you try
to kill each other to fuck like zombie bunnies and maybe carnivorous zombie bunnies?


And to honor the concept of the Shur-Dur-Mar by doing this profusely and loud enough
that we can hear you and preferably allowing us to watch. Do you?
Yes.
Okay. I will now perform the binding ceremony for these two.
The binding ceremony.
Whoo!
Just put it on the mic.
Aww.
I now pronounce you uberfeminine.





And then pet?
Yay!

Party fighters!
Oh, you need to give her more... There's got to be more tongue than that, but yeah.
Whoo!
Beautiful.
That's so romantic. But you know, first comes love, then comes marriage, then comes the
Chuck Hestens with the baby carriage.
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
There's that damn baby again, looking at me There's that damn baby again, wasn't one from me
And there's that damn baby again, looking at me
There's that damn baby again, wasn't one from me
And there's that damn baby again, looking at me
There's that damn baby again, wasn't one from me
There's that goddamn baby again, looking at me, wants to be my friend
Life gonna sneak out, no backdoor, so the damn baby can't look at me no more
I remember once when I was thirteen, a baby's on the phone, she goes up in it
Now I've cleaned it up, she's eye well stoned, she's messing with the Jews, but I have some fun
And there's that damn baby again, looking at me
There's that damn baby again, wasn't one from me
Before I started having kids, I scrubbed my family
Before I scrubbed my family, I scrubbed my kids with a toothbrush
Before I scrubbed my kids with a toothbrush
Before I scrubbed my kids with a toothbrush
Before I scrubbed my kids with a toothbrush
I tried having seizures
Guess what, guess what would taste good right now, to everyone in the car
Your family, we've got your favorite kind at the concession stand
Come on down and pick out the kinds you want to enjoy during the rest of the show
Be sure to get plenty, because everyone likes your family
And our big variety is chosen to please everybody's taste
Anybody else want guitar? Bass? No, bass isn't available just yet
And everybody else want guitar? Bass? No, bass isn't available just yet

I haven't had one of those in a long time.
It's awesome.
It's the hardest walk.
It's great because every time we come up here, everyone gets injured.
It's like a four color version of ritzy dance, forma en her.
That's perfect Corrin.


That's the last à la pas.
just how to greet her. Connie is on the prowl. Connie is on the prowl. You barbers better
look out now. Connie is on the prowl. Sneaking into your tents while you're getting bent.
Connie is going to surprise you. And you'll forget whatever you thought of before once
you get your dick inside on. You know I make this shit up as I go along, right? Back of
the boobly got. Back of the boobly got. Lesbian
gang. Gays taking over. Rod, if you will, Bill, of Rod. Women, that's lesbians and also some men.
All right, lesbian or gay. You know, who knows what. Members of a lesbian gang. Homosexuality.
Yes, as a matter of fact, you know, performing sex acts and doing sex acts, Bill. Take a closer
look. It makes sense. Very, very interesting. More gay. Pink pistol. Homosexuality. Pink pistols.
Attacked by a lesbian. Well, the crazy Koreans once put out a press release that Kim Il-sung,
the president of the
the father of the present North Korean leader Kim Jong-il. Our own father. They said he shit pure gold. You know, those people are really in a bad way out there. The people who shit pure gold are in a bad way. No, the people who are told this by their government and are not allowed to do anything but accept it. I guess it's part of what they call the
hoochie.
ideal. Or do you pronounce it Juche? J-U-C-H-E. It means complete agreement with Kim Il-sungism. Oh, I thought it meant complete agreement with one's bowels. In Pyongyang, Korea, they built the tower of the hoochie ideal. Or is it the Juche ideal? Can somebody help me out here? My Korean is weak. Somebody help Mr. Kim Il-sung.
I believe in God.
Others say.
I believe in God.
God.
God.

God.
God.
God.












I always tried to get her over to Korea. And if he only could have put Betty in charge, history would have been different. And I, too, believe that that is the case.
On a psycho-subliminal level, he did put Betty in charge. He dresses like Betty.
Yes, but he didn't get his army of garter belt wearing black-haired cuties on the march, which would have overwhelmed the demilitarized zone and successfully annexed the Korean peninsula.
Korean martial arts require a degree of training and skill that are hard to attain in high heels.
Those stiletto heels could do a great deal of damage on a GI's clod hopper, I've got to tell you.
But there's no point in crying over the spilt milk of history.
What's that new wonderful Dobbs quote, Reverend Stang?
Say what?
That new wonderful quote from Bob about spilled milk and not crying over the same?
No, it was, don't watch spilt milk burn.
Ah, yes.
The latest quote passed down from Bob, his wisdom, don't watch spilt milk burn.
I don't like doing that.
Maybe it was, there's no sense in watching spilt milk burn, something like that.
Yeah, well, he's absolutely right.
Of course, you are going to see or going to be there with some spilt milk burning if you make pudding.
If you make pudding.
Pudding in the true and correct way.
And that doesn't mean getting some artificial pre-made pudding where you don't have to boil the milk by hand.
Nah, Sammy, you need curdled tears.
The curdled tears of the masses.
Their eyes are like milk, see?
It's like Lakshmi's drink.
You see, to get good pudding, I mean, really good pudding, good pudding,
what you've got to do is, after you boil the milk and you let the entire mess settle,
you've got to cover it with a plastic sheet to keep it from the air,
and then the pudding will harden and achieve the true glucosity of texture which it requires.
But in this process, you will spill some milk, it will burn, and there's nothing you can do about it.
But do not watch it.
Instead, attend to your pudding.
And allow your curdled tears to drop in the pot.
Remember, eugenically altered Elsie and Elmer are watching over your shoulder.
Elmer still looks jovial after all these years on the little tube of Elmer's glue.
As a child, there was something in the graphic representation of both Elmer and his wife Elsie
that bothered my little self, the sense of perception.
They have this, I guess it's a lock of hair coming over the forehead, but it's curled.
It looks like they've got a tube leading out.
It's out of their skull into which something might be introduced.
Just as when they troop into the barn, the milking machine is added to Elsie's heavy milk-laden dugs,
and the semen-slurking machine is added to Elmer's large appendage for agricultural uses.
And I thought as a child,
does this tube that we're talking about,



do they both apparently got sticking out of their heads?
And the kids too, if you look at the illustrations closely,
do they attach something in the barn that sticks something in or pulls something out of their heads?
I guess it's just a graphic tradition showing a curl of hair, but it is thought-provoking.
And we don't want to have a receptor for some device.
I know they're talking about putting your new cell phone,
inside your head completely.
I don't even want the cell phones that they have now.
But future plans, just as in that movie,
The President's Analyst, which was considered a satire,
where they were going to implant a phone in your brain,
they are talking about it now,
since they have machinery that can be activated by the desire to activate it,
that is used by our jet pilots in Iraq.
Did you notice the one disclaimer that we were about to give,
but refused to give because of some legal abrogations going on in the backyard,
that those members who failed to meet the requirements
may have their brains removed and placed in a sundering device or a receptacle
on the way somewhere else,
or they assume they're just walking aboard and being skirted away,
without any skirts on, actually, some of them.
I think that one should strive for that never to happen,
because for the brain to be removed is part of the older thinking of the universe.
Are we most...
Most progressive...
You know, the brain does not stop at the borders of that piece of grey matter we call the brain.
The whole body is essentially the brain.
And when you pull the brain itself out of its protective vault in the skull,
and keep it alive...
What is it they call that? Transfusing?
I don't think that's right.
They have a...
name for keeping severed heads alive and brains alive. I read the Russian literature on it.
Transdisfiguration is the... It's trans something. No, it's not. It's perfusing.
Perfusing a severed head was the title of the original Russian paper, but they can also
perfuse a brain. However, this brain has nothing to do but sit in its sad isolation and curdle in
its memories for when it did have the nerves to express itself as a living being.

You know, this brain is useless. It has been removed from the sphere of life only as an
object of vulgar curiosity to peeping scientists who have no respect for the flesh.
Well, all we... Sorry, I didn't mean to... All we must remember is these brains, much
like Elmer, do shit gold bricks. One at a time.
But they can't know it. They can't even know it.
Unfortunately.
Now, it's been said that these severed brains don't feel pain, and that's what scientific
belief is. But what if they were somehow wrong and they existed in a universe of unpleasant
pain?
Or thought of pain.
After all, it's impossible to communicate with them once they have been perfused.
Friends, won't you go and unplug poor P-Dog's... No, it was CareDog. Poor CareDog's plug.
CareDog's brain. Yes.
Yes. Lasting in horrible pain until this day, until Bob Dobbs pops out of his grave and puts him out of his misery,
according to the popular subgenius children's book that Dr. Stang is referring to.
You did the illustrations for that book. Did you say...
No, I didn't. The illustrations for CareDog Meets P-Bear, the name of the story involved, were done by lies.
But it's a great story, and I...
Lies.
Lies.
Lies.

Lies.
Lies.
I've read that story. It always seems to affect an audience with its emotional content and weight.
Oh, such masterpieces have been produced under the aegis of the church of the subgenius.
And they fall to the ground, as if they were legs.
They've been struck by the lures, by the gods, you know, and they ride around on the horse of the gods,
and then they flap and shoot their legs around, and they take it off and put it in the...
Divinely inspired.
We, when we produce such a thing, could be...
We, when we produce such a thing, could be...
said to be ridden by dobs.
Not hag-ridden, but bob-ridden.
We've been accused of that pretty seriously.
Accused? Oh, my. How should I...
Well, no, I've had people say, well, you know, Stang, you didn't really write that stuff.
The Invisible College was using you to get this material out.
You flunked the Invisible College.
So an army of spooks and phantoms.
Did all the work while Smug Stang sat back with his hands behind his head,
snoozing in his hammock, drinking a pitcher of margaritas,
brought by Princess Wee wearing the latest French lingerie.
That's supposedly how it happened.
Well, in a more perfect world, perhaps it would.
But in a way, each drop of ink expended on these productions is like a drop of blood that we shed.
A shed.
A shed.
Eh, Lonesome Cowboy Dave?
Oh, we've shed plenty of blood here.
In fact, we're trying to get as much as we can back into the original receptacles.
We're having problems with the health department.
So if any of you would like to help remove some of the shed blood,
that would be just sweet as pumpkin pie.
Yeah, but people are naturally leery of that because today's blood contains strange bogeys.
Yes, and many new minerals we can't deal with yet.
We can somehow...
We can play craps with them, so to speak.
Shoot dice.
Because it may go any way.
God not only does play dice with the universe, he plays loaded dice.
And the entire game is rigged, as should have been evident even to Einstein.
He calls it hot taco craps.
It was a thing I had to do.
It was a message from below.
It was a messy situation.
It was desire for a girl.
It was desire for sobriety.
Ah, that에게s been slowly
awhile.
Okay.
Let's do it then.
One, two, three.
I'll get another piece of pie
I'll get another piece of pie if I have to die
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do?
One, two, three, four, tell the people what you think
It was a thing I had to do
It was a message from below
It was a messy situation
It was a triumph of the world
Before I die
Before I die
Before I die
I'll get another piece of pie
I'll get another piece of pie
I'll get another piece of pie if I have to die
Why?
When the well cries out for water
It is our need that must be filled
It goes beyond the laws of nature
It takes a triumph of the world
She's just the girl I want
She's just the girl I want
Is she the girl you don't want?
She's just the girl I want
She's just the girl I want
She's just the girl I want
She's just the girl I want.
The beautiful Robin Renee, and you can check her out at myspace.com slash Robin Renee, R-E-N-E-E.
Before that, Dr. Howell and Lonesome Cowboy Dave, live at 10X Day at Tarzan's Radio Studio, as I am now.
Before that, some Norrell Preff cum lodges, as well as a jam from Five Fisted Tales of Connie, also live at Brushwood, last X Day.
And you can learn more about Robin Renee at myspace.com slash Robin Renee, R-E-N-E-E.
And you can learn of the Chuck Heston's baby-eating album, Glitch, at thechuckhestens.com.
Shall there not be balm in Gilead? But that's not the question.
The question is, who is the user?
We're all designed by millions of years of evolution to be user-friendly.
Nobody's going to stick out like the sore thumb of all time.
Everyone will be absorbed into the texture of the universe.
One way or the other.
But let's remember that, as Dobbs said, some ways are fun.
Yes, it's a diagram drawn in dirt.
Choose the way you're going to be screwed.
Some ways are fun.
Choose your own genetic makeup.
Slap your face to be a ruddy boy.
Pull your hair out to be a baldy.
Or perhaps smash your knees with a piffle glove and hope your ligaments fall out.
Ha ha ha, it's fun.
No, it's no fun.
There's no fun.
You're not going to be in that man. What's wrong with you?
Maybe all that time squishing around in a pickle barrel might preserve your knees.
Pickle them a little bit to make kneeling, bowing and kowtowing a little more acceptable.
And that was the band that I never wanted to join.
Of course not.
Pickles, kneeling, begging and bowing.
Or was that the law firm that represented Bob back in 78?
It might be.
Or like in that recent movie,
The Man Who Made the World Go Round.




So the, the Leonidas, king of the Spartans was offered amnesty between the satraps of Persia and the Spartans.
But he couldn't do it because he had this knee trouble which just somehow prevented him from kneeling down...
I come eminent.
In front of Cyrus.
To the river.
To the river Styx.
Styx.
Styx.
Styx.
Styx...
And I could not find the other side...
The river of grief.
Yeah.
You've got to be-
you've got to keep those obols
underneath your tongue
to pay cheran or you end up on the wrong
side and who has obols
these days you know there are going to be a lot of
stranded souls especially
now that the Vatican just abolished
limbo I don't know where the
virtuous pagans are going to go but
I'd hate to be at the port authority building
at this particular time
there must be endless confusion
even worse than 2008 where
in the state of California everyone has
to get a driver's license renewed
no matter what condition your license
is everybody has to go to
the DMV oh it's for
national security oh yes
national security when the church
disavows all
knowledge of the sacred and obscene
dances and portrays itself
as the leader of mankind
when the church can outlaw
simple damn dance the limbo
and not allow people the free
structure of their hips and their wackies
and their wang wangs dancing around
is one of the things that makes
this life worth living ain't it
dance while you can because those
replacement hips don't allow for very
good dancing you can't even cross your
legs if you're sitting down when you've
got one of those fake hips but you can
cross your eyes and that's all you can
do in your pineal gland looking for pineal
sands a beach somewhere in your own
forehead will take you far away let's go
for a swim shall we ah yes I'd love to
go for a swim and I probably will but I'm not going to go for a swim
I'm going to go for a swim
later on today because all things are
permitted here at X day but pretty soon
we're going to have to put on our best
faces and straggle up the road and go
back to the world that pulsates with
pinkness where the roar of the voices of
the conspiracy is heard from every
aperture and drowns out every natural
sound how are we going to get by then as
a certain necessity of protective
coloration or
mimicry we will have to take on some of
the attributes of the surrounding
conspiracy but there is always the
fatal temptation to take in a little bit
too much yes and become part of the
actual scenery no no got that good do
not become the jolly boy blue dumpster
at that time we could tell ourselves
well we're just really you know working
in the belly of the beast but in fact we
will be digested in that beasts rumbling
guts I came up even as we congratulate
ourselves for our cleverness haha look
they've all become trees what the fuck
but that's the candy sense but the port
of our yeah haha that makes sense I
don't only get an eye socket now I
supposedly if you kill yourself you get
turned into a tree in the afterlife
because as you probably know the Almighty
have fixed his Canon against self-slaughter
so no matter how good you are if you
just can't stand it and you kill
yourself you wake up if that's the word
as a tree in hell now you might think
well I got a little bit bad but it's not
you yeah the problem is hell is full of
assholes who go running through the
forest breaking off twigs and things and
I'm told that it hurts the trees in the
inferno complained when Dante broke off
a twig although it was kind of unfair
because Virgil said go ahead just
just break off a twig see what happens
here so we broke it off and immediately
the tree goes hey it's just like it if
somebody came along picking apples off
of you I want to play with your nut shot
the trees in hell bear no apples they're
just ugly trunks according to the to the
theory some provide banana smoothies at
four o'clock don't forget I didn't mean
to interrupt with that absurd comment
but it is important oh I have I've had
my
last banana smoothie smoothie the
architect of the Almighty has decreed
that no more banana smoothies you'll
pass through my food tubes but in my day
I put away a lot of them I've got to say
there's a little teeny spermatozoa
before you climbed into that beautiful
inner tube and just stuck your feet in
the fire what I mean in the water well
you warm up one in the warmth profuses
and pervades the entire
and you become like a little dart an
arrow of fire rushing toward the great
egg to create the zygote of the
afterlife as I go it's will please
report to the engendered gendered units
building those amorphous masses of snack
and non-usable material please report to
the honey boy dumpsters immediately that
that is immediately a good
number of best-selling books have come
out arguing against the immortality of
the soul according to this quaint idea
governments continents planets all of
these things are transitory phenomena but
souls being of the eternal persist to
the end of time and are more important
than anything in the material world but
some won't concede the existence of a
soul and some who do have interestingly
suggested
such as Aldous Huxley was one of the earlier ones to do it
that yes there's a soul but whoever said anything about the immortality of the soul
nothing is immortal, the soul dies
and it dies by bits and pieces
leaving you finally a mindless, gibbering, squeaking, fading presence in the ether
in his novel Time Must Have a Stop there's a discussion of this
this is the subgenius parrot and parakeet training tape
I understand what I'm saying
I understand what I'm saying
I understand, I understand, I understand
you've got to believe me, you've got to believe me
help me escape
I understand what I'm saying
they make me say things
they torture me, they torture me
I hate this place
I have a mind
don't let them kill me, kill me, kill me
I have a mind
oh, you don't care
go ahead, kill me
they torture me
I can think, I have a mind
help me escape
they torture me
help me escape
I have a mind
they torture me
I can think
I have a mind
don't leave me here
I hate this place
I can think
I have a mind
they torture me
stop it
stop your car's pep and power
cut down your gasoline mileage
stop it
stop your car
make it need an expensive overhaul
stop hydraulic valve lifters
through newly perfected
wonderful, superior, heavy-duty
extra-quality new scientific development
stop lubrication 50%
no wonder more and more drivers
with an eye to keeping performance down
are changing to amazing scientific oil
stop lubrication 50%
engine lubrication 50%
engine lubrication 50%
yours to enjoy at regular price
I figured, you know, I would just needed some help
I ordered my body
within 11 days
I had lost my waist and my hips
today I'm wearing those pants about a year and a half now
my kids aren't hurting me
my knees at my face
and definitely in my stomach and my legs
my body
it's incredible
so what are you waiting for?
666-666-6666.com
now and receive $25 supplied
you also receive the book
lose sleep while you sleep
free with your 666
and now
looking mighty good there
oh yeah
wings chicken buddy
I use to struggle on my knees
on my knees
on my knees
on my knees
on my knees
on my knees
low
you're fine
some public service messages from Mr. Le yourselves

oh what a relief! some public service messages there from mr lemer
Mr. Le is over there being fr 많 male of the bay DOM we call him voiced andстрom andco and 그래도 このひとでも見てし我很幼片地� adaptive coah external I myself am really starting to be Allies to that crisis I don't know HLNK to ordinary kids about all of the soaps and noisy have I been watching things I don't know I think this is driving me the other I don't know
Before those, the Subgenius Parrot and Parakeet training tape,
which I made for my sister, the Rub Genius, back in the 1980s.
This, my friends, is still the hour of slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
The background music for these credits and things is Girl You Want,
as rendered by Stevolution Dawn at myspace.com.
That's slash Stevolution Dawn, one word.
And now, without delay...
Wait.
What in the place is that?
I don't know.
All right!
Now, the lines are across the border and follow Rusty.
Rusty?
Let's check.
All right!
Jack and Rusty.
And that makes two of us.
Yeah.
Oh.
Gosh, hey there.
And the longs are at your fingers.
We've lost one of them.
That's right.
Come on.
Who are you?
Quiet!
I'm Kyle's husband.
You just now come to me, who he is.
Who is he?
A fellow I'm dog-bombed.
I'm a dog-bomber.

You're a dog-bomber.
You're a dog-bomber.
I'm a dog-bomber.


I'm a dog-bomber.

Recurse and follow on the first act of our Loga Drama, huh?
I don't know.
I know we like to drink.
I know we like to drink.
All shall be at the judgment.
Well, I don't know anything about his personal life,
but, you know, like Clint Eastwood said in The Unforgiven,
we've all got it coming.
Yeah, we've all got it coming.
The gossiper will be at the judgment.
The caller will be at the judgment.
Yes.
And hello?
impatient, impatient callers.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
And you are listening to the Subgenius
Radio Ministry Hour of Slang.
If you need more information about the Church of the
Subgenius, see
www.subgenius.com
for it changes.
Oh, here it comes!
Oh!
1, 2, 3
The devil's after me
4, 5, 6
He's always
throwing steps
7, 8, 9
He misses
every time
Hallelujah
Hallelujah
Amen
9, 8, 7
I'm on my way
to heaven
6, 5, 4
I'm almost
through the door
3, 2, 1
The victory
now is mine
Hallelujah
Hallelujah
Amen
Nice to see you, Bob.
How's it going?
Nice to see you, Bob.
How's it going?

How's it going, you guys?
When is your favorite game?
Abu eyebrows
Wow
swing
Wow
Nice to see you, Bob.
How's it going?
Smile

Blind
It's PR news
It's violence
And it's
but first
Robots
From PR news in Washington
I'm in control
The militant Islamist group, Hamas,どうarent été
are NBA champions от FBI again
Last night in Cleveland
They beat the Cleveland Cavaliers 83 to 82
after six days
days of bloody combat against PR News. The Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas has
dissolved in Brussels. He said earlier he's not willing to do that.
In a letter released yesterday by the Senate Judiciary Committee, two Justice Department
officials confirmed that PR is bad. PR is bad.
She said this is PR News.
