That's right, friends, this is KNON. This is, I repeat, KNON on our new frequency of 89.3 FM, whatever that means. Thank you.
Give me a lighter. I'll light that sucker.
I bet you will.
I can't tell you how excited I am about our first guest this morning. He will be joining us in just a couple of moments.
The Reverend Ivan Stang from the Church of the Subgenius. Praise Bob.
Did we have any operating difficulties?
Hey, what's going on here?
The Subgenius.
The Subgenius.
The Subgenius.
The Subgenius.
The Subgenius.

The Subgenius.
The Subgenius.
The Subgenius.
The Subgenius.
The Subgenius.
And remind you of this. He who laughs last laughs best, but also gets his teeth kicked in, and if you can't laugh at yourself, make fun of everyone else.
Is it rolling?
Backwards masking, take one.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Satan is cool, God is a jerk.
Wonder if we fooled anybody.
Yeah, I've heard about Satan trying to get people to sell their souls,
but he's not really too good at it.
Actually, he tried to get me to sell mine,
but all he offered me was crap like a Hugo and tennis shoes from Taiwan
and carob yogurt balls and lunar-powered sundial, crap like that.
So I told him he'd have to do better than that,
and I thought he was a cheapskate,
and he got all huffy and red in the face and called me a spoilsport,
but I told him to go straight to hell because that just wasn't good enough.
I wasn't going to sell myself that cheap.
So there.
Oh, yes.
A dear friend.
This is the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack
at our new place.
On the dial.
89.3 Unusual.
I hope you're finding us.
And I hope those of you who never heard us before
keep listening because I have specially designed this show.
This is a very unusual show for you strangers to it.
And what we're doing tonight is basically
sort of a revised introduction to the church for new viewers.
Every three or four months we do that, just like a pledge drive.
Just to catch you up.
And we're going to talk about what the church of the subgenius is
and why there must be and has always been a bob.
Also tonight, though, we're going to preview the new album
by the Swinging Eredites of Boston.
If you've never heard them, then hang in there.
By the way, while I'm still thinking about it,
this is Quark in the background.
Quark in the mighty stereo background.
Friends, listen on headphones.
You really should.
And start.
You take decks up.
We'll also later be doing some reading from the new subgenius book,
High Weirdness by Mail, which isn't out yet.
So, therefore, you couldn't call this an ad exactly.
You're getting a preview, friends, of a major Simon & Schuster publication.
And it's going to make some of you so mad, so mad, I hope,
if we're doing our job.
So, uh...
So, uh...
See if you can figure out what's going on here.
If you can't, we don't need you.
Understand?
That's the whole point of this.
THE TRUTH IS THERE
THE TRUTH IS THERE
THE TRUTH IS THERE
THE TRUTH IS THERE
THE TRUTH IS THERE
THE TRUTH IS THERE
Okay, that's it.
Now you know what the Church of the Subgenius is about.
Bob is sex.
Praise Bob, dear friends.
This is the radio ministry of the church.
We've been saying let's start back at the beginning
because a lot of people are not aware of exactly what J.R. Bob Dobbs
and the church, Praise Bob, are all about.
Tell us all about it.
Well, the Church of the Subgenius is the end times church for mutants
formed to spread the seed word of that great saint of sales, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Bob formed the church in 1953 being the saint of sales.
There he is.
But he kind of kept it under wraps until around 1980
when he...
recruited Dr. Philodromin and myself
to begin releasing the secrets of his teachings to the public at large,
which, of course, has had disastrous effects.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob.
Bob is sex.
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are...
controlling transmission.
You've got to see this guy for what he is.
He's a maniac out to rule the world.
What can I do to make you understand him?
I love you.
The rewards are worth the effort.
Oh, yes, dear friends, the harvest.
But you see, if you do have some questions here,
you can still call and speak to an actual human being
who might answer your questions in a linear way.
Call the station.
Speak to the Will O'Dobbs.
He'll give you information on where to get more information
and help you find out whether you can actually handle that information or not,
which is a whole other question altogether.
You see, the keys to instant success,
mystic knowledge,
and miraculous adventures,
even contact with the Space Brothers,
are within your grasp
simply by tuning in to this show
every Sunday night at 9.
Do you have different tastes?
Intrigued by the bizarre?
The kooky? The kinky?
As long as it keeps its distance?
Do you enjoy getting unsolicited,
but unspeakably,
weirdly weird things in the mail for free?
Love to snicker in superiority,
perhaps largely imagined,
at the incredible gullibility of those around you?
Enjoy reading the headlines on sleazy tabloids
and ads for local psychic fortune tellers?
Do you, my friend, appreciate the unexpected glimpses
of strange realities behind religions,
other than your own?
Entranced by the thought processes of the mentally ill?
And bored to tears by any music, video, or literature
that isn't almost shockingly original?
Are you painfully aware, dear friend,
that all great geniuses and inventors of the past
appeared totally insane to everyone around them?
Then have we got a religion for you, my friend.
Actually, that was the introduction
from the religion's second book,
High Weirdness by Mail, but, you know,
let's not get technical.
Superior mutants, repent!
Quit your job! Slack off!
The world ends tomorrow, and you may die!
Well, no, probably not, but whatever you do,
just keep listening.
The end times is here!
Yo, freedom at last!
At last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it, the only faith that promises
action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Having all the guilt, but none of the sex.
I did not put you here to suffer.
No, I did not put you here to whine.
No, I did not put you here to whine.
You must
respect any wrong
And you must play fair
Because theory profits
You drown in fear
And you must bet
And you must let
Some of your decades go to waste
You must respect any wrong
Detroit.
Thank you.
Thank you.
They're doing it anyway.
What do they care?
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes.
Yes.
I am completely agree with all the obstacle and with all the enemies who are between me
and what I want to do.
I see that they cooperate.
They are in a providential manner.
They help me to do exactly what I want.
Because if I have not to fight, it is in the fighting that I can see better what I want to do.
It is in the friction, as you say.
Friction.
Friction.
That thing become more clear.
It become more clear just because it runs the danger to be far, to go away from me.
We spread this mighty seed word of slack, how to get it, how to fight.
How to fight the conspiracy through radio shows in different cities, through videotape.
Two books now are excuse scrolls suitable for framing and live shows.
I do a lot of science fiction conventions and then there is Buck Naked, Reverend Buck Naked here in Dallas.
He occasionally plays with his band More Drunk Cowboys here and there.
He preaches.
Although he is a, as a true subgenius, he says,
I am a schismatic.
And has formed his own splinter group, which of course does intense battle with my personal splinter group.
It always happens.
Drunk in Budweiser.
Watching fireball TV.
Swallowing red air.
Drunk in Budweiser.

The day my clue dog died.
Leading the pack to him.
Over and over again.
I was drunk in Budweiser.
And I was on TV.
The day that my toy got kicked.
By a mule.
I was with cousin Junior.
The DNA backfired.
I was drunk.
I was lonely.
I was water.
And I was drinking Budweiser.
And Bob was on TV.
Drunk in Budweiser.
Watching fireball TV.
Oh, many thanks to Buck Naked and the Jaybirds, now known as More Drunk Cowboys.
This is the swinging love corpses in the background.
Now friends, you know, okay, here's what the Church of the Subgenius is all about.
For those of you tuning in accidentally for the first time, it's probably the only way we could ever get you to.
If you sincerely desire a truly well-rounded education, you've got to study the extremist, the obscure, and the so-called nutty.
You need the balance.
Once your poor brain is being impregnated with middle-of-the-road crap 24 hours a day, no matter what.
Network, TV, newspapers, radio, magazines at the supermarket.
Even if you never watch, read, listen, or leave your house.
Even if you are deaf and blind.
The telepathic pressure alone of the uncountable normals surrounding you will ensure that you are not alone.
You're automatically well-grounded in consensus reality.
Screw consensus reality.
What we all need is more of that common sense stuff.
Badly named, because it's not really such a common commodity after all.
And our guru, the great mystic, the saint of sales, J.R. Bob Dobbs often preached on this.
You know how dumb the average guy is?
He wants to be a good teacher.

He's asked his flock of apprentice sales ministers.
Well, by definition, half of them are even dumber than that.
Praise Bob. Sad but true and getting worse each year, dear friends.
The kooks are our future.
So make no mistake.
It'll be a rich harvest for industrial skull farmers like us.
And those of every creed.
Because the brains of the all too willings are out there ripening, ingesting a rich loam of made-for-TV UFO movies.
And absurd claims for holistic vitamins.
Radio preachers who converse with angels.
Millions of potential vegetables just waiting to be plucked, shucked, and hauled off to market.
And if it ain't us that does it, it's gonna be a lesser cult.
Or even worse, some political group, dear friends.
So if you don't get it by now, you never will.
Like they say and say again.
I don't know what you're doing.
You want to know what we're doing?
Sounds pink to me.
We've been talking about it for an hour and a half.
And if you haven't figured it out yet, pal, you never will.
Well, I'm a Christian and I think this is a sin.
I think this is a fake hate call.
Duh.
This is a fake hate call.
I want to get some real hate calls.
This guy's a Bobby.
We can't deal with it.
Listen, no friends out there.
We don't want fake hate calls.
We need the real thing.
I mean, it's just like in Dallas.
I mean, I'm in the middle of the Bible Belt.
We've been doing this subgenius hour of Slack show every Sunday night for almost a year.
And no one's killed us yet.
Well, did the Reverend ever explain to you what subgenius meant?
What was their connotation to concern?
No, we didn't get into that today.
I was just wondering.
You know, I just kind of always took it on its face value.
Uh-huh.
Well, if you joined it, you would be subgenius, wouldn't you?
I believe so.
What is he going to be when he wakes up and starts breathing?
Tell you what, I'm not going to turn my radio on Friday morning no more.
Because I thought the little imbibing I'd done last night would pass.
But I ran it back into a nightmare when the radio came on.
Stuff happens.
Thank you, Gary.
Thanks very much for calling, Norman.
How are you, sir?
Yeah, I'm sorry I missed Reverend Stang a while ago.
He mentioned a Reverend Bucknaked.
Yeah, I think I knew him years back when he played in a band.
I believe that Reverend Naked does still play in a band.
Yeah.
Does he play the organ?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Well, this Bucknaked I knew could finger an organ better than anybody I ever saw.
That's about enough on that one, John.
Hi, Kevin.
How are you doing?
Fine.
How are you?
Good, good.
I've never called before, but...
Well, we're glad you could call today.
Well, thank you.
I do listen all the time.
I wanted to say something about that subgenius thing.
I had seen a video of a guy who was playing a guitar.





He was playing a piece of paper that was printed by them about six or seven years ago.
And a friend of mine brought it over and said, look at this.
And we looked at it, and it was the scariest thing I ever saw.
I just wanted the listeners to hear this experience that I had gone through.
Anyway, I read it, and what it was was it looked like gibberish on the surface.
In other words, it was just a lot of weird lettering and words that didn't make any real sense.
Until...
What?
Until...
Until I read through it, and it just...
It was like possessed or something.
It was scary.
It really scared me.
There was bad words in there, and there was...
No.
...messy stuff.
I mean, not like full bad words, but like just really, really scary stuff.
While you were reading it, did demons with fingernails begin clawing at your flesh?
Well, I know one thing.
No, they didn't claw at my flesh.

But it scared me to the point to where I decided I better not read anymore.
And it was a question of...
I'm not a religious fanatic or anything by far, but I could tell that there was definitely not wholesome stuff in there.
And I just thought it was really...
It made such an impression on me.
Like I said, seven years ago I read this thing, and it was done very professionally, printed and everything.
It wasn't just, you know, scurvy.
But it wasn't wholesome?
No, it was...
My word.
I would say it was just really, really weird.
Weird and not wholesome.
Yeah, yeah.
Boy, I'm surprised they allow that kind of stuff to be printed.
Well, no, you see, it wasn't anything you could just, you know, say, oh, there is bad, you know, bad...
Bad words, yeah.
...words being written.
It was more like...
It was like speaking in tongues, except it was evil.
Mm.
If you could imagine something like that.
Oh, I think I could, and we thank you for alerting us to it, Jeff.
Well, you know, evil is as evil does, or something like that, I suppose.
I wish that I could play the entirety of the tapes that these little...
...interviews come off of.
They're usually very old interviews.
I'd love to play the whole thing, but they're from other stations.
Hey, let's do something new, you know?
Speaking of which, there are some new things here I need to cover.
See, the subgenius mentality does not have to call itself subgenius.
You'll be saved from damnation if you do call yourself a subgenius.
And especially if you're currently...
...wearing the right membership cards in your pocket.
You can write for information about that.
We'll give the number at the end of the broadcast at 10 o'clock.
But in the meantime, there are, like I say, other ways to do the same thing that a subgenius does, which is to get slack.
And this weekend, the lead singer of the Swingin' Erudites, who I've played many times before in their older incarnations on the show...
...the lead singer Johnny Angel, a friend of Dr. Cleve...
...brother Cleve Duncan's, who you all know so well...
...he sent me their album.
In fact, he sent me several copies of it.
And yes, the Swingin' Erudites have finally made it to vinyl...
...or whatever it is they record on nowadays.
Disc, film, you know...
I think this is analog, not digital.
But I'm gonna play just a few bits and pieces off of it.
This one right here is probably a good one to...
...to dedicate to the worried caller who called that normal talk show...
...saying that the nonsensical subgenius stuff he had read seemed so evil.
You know, to others, to some, it seems neither nonsensical nor exactly evil.
Right.
For everybody's headin' west
Where they hear the serpent's best
Will meet a former mouseketeer
And get the hell away from here
Services!
We must have fleeced the block this time once too often
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
And the Reverend Jerry Falwell put the last nail in the coffin
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
We're going out west to the Golden Coast
I hear the preaching is peachy and the Lord is most
Now that we ain't got no home
Let's praise the Lord and pass the copper tone
Go to where it never freezes and surf all day
Thank you Jesus
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
Well we moved to California, was a matter of survival
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
We got the Hodas and Rockinis and we had a big revival
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
They claim a rolling stone, shout gather no moss
We'll build a bitchin' woody from the Holy Cross
Surf and sea and waves and sand
Drop the shroud into a wreck and get a groovy town
Arthur, who art in heaven
Get me a scurvy at the 7-Eleven
7-Eleven
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
On your knees!
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy


Hey can we go to Kansas?
We could have moved to Texas
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
The Reverend Jimmy don't care cause he likes both sexes
Frankie and the Nut, Geechee and the Tammy
Would have moved to New York City but boy oh boy, the Nut is gonna be my baby!
There's two Jews for every gore
Two Jews for every gore
I really wish to hell I was the Holy Father
Frankie and Annette meet Jim and Tanny
I wouldn't need a surfboard, I could walk on water
Frankie and Annette meet Jim and Tanny
Frankie and Annette meet Jim and Tanny
Frankie and Annette meet Jim and Tanny
Frankie and Annette meet Jim and Tanny
David Lee Roth, here's Hagar Samy
On and hang tight
on
Oh, yes indeedy!
Well, we've certainly had some interesting calls tonight
at 823-7490
Since we've switched frequencies with KCBI, you see
This used to be KNON, the station for open-minded weirdos
and rednecks, minorities
of all kinds, anybody not totally into the mainstream
and anybody into the mainstream,
whereas KCBI was somewhat more narrow readership or listenership.
So half of the calls have been saying,
hey, KNON, where are you on the dial?
And if you're hearing me, you already know,
and if not, then what's the point in trying to tell you?
We're a little bit to the left.
And the other half of the callers have called expecting to hear KCBI,
which used to occupy this airspace.
And, well, for those of you wishing that you were hearing
your good old KCBI Christian station that you're used to,
you are the lucky ones.
You are really lucky because you are now finally by accident
being delivered from the false religion,
the biggest trick.
The devil ever pulled on you to the church of the subgenius.
The biggest trick ever pulled on the devil.
Let's see.
He and the devil thinks I'm kidding right now.
Don't you, Satan?
Oh, yes, yes.
It's a study in opposites, dear friends,
but at the same time, I mean, we're on the side of right and good.
And the only difference between us and what you may have used to be listening to
is that it doesn't really matter to us how much money you make, see?
Or what religion you are, what color you are, what sex you are.
To us, now, I'm not speaking for,
Canaan is not solid church of the subgenius.
We only do this one hour a week.
That's all the slack you're going to get for a week.
In this form.
However, stay tuned for further slack of many different kinds.
This is a station that has gospel in the morning,
Hispanic music during a chunk of the day,
soul and hip-hop, rap stuff another chunk of the day,
country, redneck, good old Texas stuff,
and then the weird punk late on into the night,
plus special days of talk shows.
And,
and alternate news that you may not quite get the uncensored versions of
and other stations, so.
Yeah, yeah.
Why don't you, those of you who have stumbled upon us,
upon our new frequency,
please just keep listening.
Don't judge the whole station by this show.
How could any other show keep up with this?
They don't all have Bob.
Some of them just have records.
What you just heard a little while ago
was the swinging,
the erudites version of Frankie and Annette meet Jim and Tammy.
We're going to play some more swinging erudites.
It's nice to reach out.
It's nice for a change not to be preaching to the saved.
That is the downfall of everybody from the early Christians
to the new age fakers,
to the modern day Christian fakers,
to, in fact,
the subgenius fakers,
preaching to the saved.
I hope that you all,
that you all who cannot figure out what's going on,
keep listening and become ever more confused
until the fear and puzzlement builds up in your mind
to the point where you can't quit talking about it.
And those of you who work with you in your office
and think you're a religious fanatic,
they'll think it sounds like a pretty interesting idea
and probably end up contributing money
either to this station or
some other agency.
But thereof, you see...
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
And you tried everything.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Learn to think big.
Develop the tricks of length extension.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand direct for your own abnormality.
Get stuck in 4K everyday.
The student of Dobbs' training
is practically forced to bring his strangest desires
into rampaging life.
I used to get embarrassed of all my glass manners.
Now I get paid.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
The pinks pay me fabulous sums of money
for what they used to put me in jail for.
Thanks to Bob.

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Dobbs is seen to it that he exercises this abnormality
to do what he does best.

What you otherwise, he teaches, would be nothing short of spiritual suicide.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
¶¶
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior
to explore new ways of going over the edge.
¶¶
















yourselves ¶¶
Giving away shelter in the dark.
And that you have all except one.
It's about sports.
But don't you worry.
Your own is going outside your—
living in war and death.
To throw your own hunting prescription.
Is this existence in here the cause or cause of death,
Its Ramble's Chancery!
And what will it do?
What's gone wrong,
what's causing this nuisance,
they spice up 43感じ Christine!
Who's this kind Rammel boy?
It's feu after this thing to a fuzz on the spring,
Friends, we can cruise it all the way down the line, I'm afraid.
All the way.
Even though that wasn't actually...
Talk about the amusement park.
Oh, well, yes.
If we give, we'll never be able to raise the money for that amusement park now.
Amusement park?
What amusement park?
Oh, the subgenius amusement park in Oklahoma.
On the highway, across from the Stucky's.
Near that big cement dinosaur they got out there?
Yes, there's a giant crude cement bob now with a cafe inside.
Talk about the nail slide.
They must have had some of the hot chili at that cafe.
Yes, and...
Listen to that reaction.
You know, the shower of razors and a lot of fun in the funhouse.
Of course, my favorite.
Of course, you know what a funhouse.
The distorto chamber.
It seems there are some people who have been locked in there since 1944.
A six million year cycle will end in 1998.
Bob sees the world entering a new aeon,
which, in a few years, will bring more wondrous and miraculous change
and carnage, insanity, and destruction
than all of mankind's history and prehistory before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic change
that will offer untold riches and power to those in the know,
while billions of deserving conspirators
and doobs fry in hell on Earth.
Oh, and that's the part I can't wait to see.
That's what, that's really the point of every religion.
That's the point we're all, that every true fanatic is waiting for.
When he gets to see the unbelievers
fry the flesh peel off their bones
for eternity without killing them.
Well, we're going to drop away from,
from the dogma for a while.
That is an old classic subgenius media barrage material, by the way.
Co-produced by myself, Reverend Ivan Stang, your host,
and Dr. Bleepo Abernathy,
and I believe Brother Cleve Duncan,
who was at one time involved in the band.
We're going to continue playing the Swinging Erudites.
This is the Paul McCartney Massacre.
You're going to love it.
This album is crammed with stuff.
A whole lot of it has,
each song has one or two words that I,
because of our dedication to decency and morality,
and that this is a family show,
that we have to censor some of those words.
This upcoming material, I don't think I do,
this is from the Swinging Erudites.
And before I forget, why don't I give you their address
so you can write for information on procuring the amazing music by these guys,
or tell your record store to write them,
because they need to,
all the support they can get in this part of the country.
They're well known in New York, LA, Boston, so forth,
but down here, it takes a little longer.
And that's Swinging Erudites at P.O. Box 923,
Northampton, Massachusetts.
Once again, Box 923, Northampton, Massachusetts.
M.A. 0-1-2.
1080.
And this is, I mean, you can't really,
this, I'm sorry, I'm sorry for what we're doing to music
in the name of the erudites, but, uh,
but I'm glad, I'm glad if it hurts you.
I'm so glad.
And those of you who it most hurt should listen closest to the lyrics here.
Thank you.
I love your


You think the people would have had enough of the Pallmark heartyou think the people were having up a palm a party. I look around me and I see that this is so, it's yoko. So people want to word the, well, stop scheming with maybe the best lives, but we're not necessarily complying with the rules.
So here we go
Again
It was 20 years ago today
Long before they ever had CDs
Now the Paisley is back in style
It's guaranteed to stay a while
Why don't you find something new
Not the same thing all these years
You're stupid people living in the past
Yesterday
All that trouble seemed so far away
Now I need a place to hide
Hide away
I believe in yesterday
Suddenly
There's a hand overshadowing day
Bernie Rumble stands against the bay
I believe in yesterday
Why she had to go
I don't know
She went and said
Yesterday
I said something wrong
Now I long for yesterday
Yesterday
I'm not alone
I'm not alone
I'm not alone
I'm not alone
Yesterday
All that trouble seemed so far away
Now I need a place just to hide away
I said something wrong
Now I long for yesterday
Oh, yeah
I'm not alone

Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Wow, wow, wow
Oh, wow, wow
Oh, wow, wow
Yesterday
We were in the studio
Oh, wow, wow
Someone said play
Yesterday
It wasn't yesterday
Wow, wow, wow
That was rock rockstar
Oh, wow, wow
Oh, wow, wow
Oh, wow, wow
Oh, wow, wow
Oh, wow, wow


There goes Ringle, because he's got so many rings.
And here comes Linda, she's a dog with wings.
Down, down, I'm really down.
Down, down.
Picture yourself killing time in the studio,
trying to pad this record to LP size.
Suddenly someone says you're out of money.
Did I mention Van Allwhite's thighs?
Yes, it is.
I've been going this far away.
So I need to find a way.
Oh, I figured.
And yes, I did.
It's reggae time.
Oh, no, it ain't.
Because we got to comment on these calls we're getting.
I mean, this is the most amazing,
Dими gave us one,
Vaughn got about 5% off for this right here.
But he was out of money

And so I collected the money on the
is all the word I had.
Those, the� ceteras I didn't buy





live broadcast.
Yes.
Yes.

This is bad.
This is almost fun.
This is a Have you got, friend.
fact, not don't Google me.
to clarifying a couple of things.
Number one, the church of the subgenius is not satanic.
We do occasionally make minor financial arrangements
with lesser demonic entities.
Only our guru Bob Dobbs makes deals with Satan,
but he's not friends.
And the only reason he does that is because Satan owes
both Bob and his buddy, the fightin' Jesus,
quite a bit of what you might call money.
Souls, actually, is the commodity used.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is an old drinkin' buddy
of the fightin' Jesus.
Bob has instructed us that most everything Jesus said
was really cool, considering it's a bit dated.
I mean, you know, but.
So relax.
Relax, friends.
And go.
In your own delusion.
In your own delusions.
Pull the wool over your own eyes.
Find a place to hide.
And bridge your confusion.
We will save you from the clutches of the conspiracy.
We will save you from the chains of time.
We will save you from the men in black.
Because every subgenius must have slack pre-fab.
Yes, dear friends, we are praising Bob real hard tonight.
And praise the fightin' Jesus, too.
What the heck?
It's just the fan clubs of the fightin' Jesus
that make us mad sometimes.
And, see, we're just not as forgiving.
You know, Bob isn't as well connected as Jesus
or any of the other Jisai.
There's so many of them runnin' around nowadays.
But there's only one true Bob, friends.
Oh, boy.
Let me hear you say it.
Woo!

Hey, Bob!
Oh!
Hey, Bob!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Hey, Bob!
Uncontrolled thinking, controlled by Bob,
will usher in a spiritual rebreather
and a cascade of astounding mysteries,
supernatural bridges,
and a restoration of lost psychic abilities.
Bob, a teacher of science at the sevi parking lot,


I don't want to, but I don't want to.
I want to talk to you.
Would you like to share some of the stories


A book will transform the lives of those who dare
to seek them and pay for them...
That's right.
You're lucky to live in the end time.
he's not the Christ either
he's more like the anti-anti-Christ
whatever the heck that means
we just have to trust in Bob and have faith
faith is what it's all about
just like with your other religions
unquestioning faith
we don't need to know why or where for
or where the proof came from
Bob said it, I believe it
that settles it
remember the motto
perform the salute
slack off and study the pamphlet
and you can get those pamphlets, friends
by writing for information
free information from
God
got that pencil ready?
we'll try to give it again at the end
Bob
there's a pipe in the sky, friends
and you'll follow it anywhere
especially to P.O. Box
140306
in mighty, mighty
Dallas, Texas
75214
Bob
at Box 140306
Dallas, Texas
75214
there is a pipe in the sky
and it follows you everywhere, dear friend
are you gonna be ready to dive into Bob's pipe
like a pinch of his frock
and rise on the smoke
up to the escape saucers of the sex goddesses
on X-Day 1998
or are you gonna be left behind
like the rest of the unbelievers
frying, frying in a head of smoke?
hell of your own making
except for the time in the end
this randomness of mine
on all colors...
but before I go any further
I do have to give a, um
a little bit of a, uh
well actually
let's just, let's just, uh
calm down here for a second
and put on some more
oh, what kind of pleasant music
here, We Killed Elvis by the Episcopalian Band
with the Epstein Brothers
that ought to be good background
for this little announcement here
ha
you our Slack fans will love this one
it's doggy dip in garland time again
yes, it's time again to begin dipping your dog
and my dog too
pesticide dips and baths for all dogs
uh, no cats please
to help get rid of a pesty fleas and ticks
which can carry, uh, pretty serious diseases...
some of them designed by our own Dynasty...
own defense department. This happens, these are like special dip deals, I believe it's
free dog dips, at the M Bank of Garland parking lot on Garland Road and Avenue D.
And the reason why is, you know, you've got to get an early jump on those little arachnid
toyed fleas and ticks. Ticks! Shoot those ticks down, man. They come endless. Oh, it's so fun to
hear them pop when you put the match head on them. And also, it helps cool down your pet in the heat
of summer. The dips are effective for seven to ten days, offered every two weeks until mid-September.
It's a recovery and recoveringly a good cause. I'm just invited. Hope to serve.
I ain't gonna.
I'm gonna be there, but you understand. You know, it's hard to know sometimes where to take
the show. It becomes so ugly and frightening, even for us. The challenge of trying to save
the unsavable, to find the unfindable cassettes, sometimes drives us to use bits and pieces of,
actually, this whole show is composed of bits and pieces of other subgenius shows.
However, the one I'm about to play is the probably most original of them all. KPFA,
Berkeley, excerpts here from more than an hour, less than a show. Dr. Howell, Puzzling Evidence,
Mobius Rex, Gary Gabrog, Fran, Lies, and Glass Madness sometimes. And even once in a while,
me.
All right, all right. We'll be quiet. Okay, everybody, keep it down.
The show wife hates the show. There has to be a show wife hating the show.
Full voice effect can't be, uh, yeah.
Well, there it goes. I'm gonna show show wife my show thing.
Thou who hast unbuckled my buckler when I'm snapped my shield.
He's doing that buckly, buckly.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. He really likes that. Well, I like to get out my bullwhip and, uh,
just remove that buckler if it's got a badge attached to it.
Buck naked before Bob.
What? Naked before who?
I don't wanna be that. I don't wanna be that guy.
The buck passeth not. For the doe and the buck dwell in the same place.
Yes, it's possible someone was naked before Bob.
The buck is Bob.
Could be.
He is buck in tradition.
Could have been.
As a philosophical bat in the buckets of butts.
Could have been, I guess.
Who is being that you...
And why is he allowed to talk twice as fast as me?
I don't know.
Because you had too much show air, Gary.
And so did I.
Buck six six.
It sure felt...
Felt good.
How can you keep talking like that? I have noticed that you just...
Go, go, go.
It's beautiful. It's like poetry.
This?
Yes.
It's... it's a constant.
It's like an isosceles triangle stacked onto...
Planck's number.
Wow, that's pretty scientific.
Well, how do you kill it?
Do you just, uh, like, plug it in or...
You reduce its potentiometer level to the minus...
What?
Eight...
You have a spanking new issue of the book of the subject.
It's still there.
You just can't do it.
Sorry, I dropped a little collar on the floor there, but...
You gotta be able to pull yourself together pretty soon.
And now...
And now it's time for the show to be...
Itself.
You wish, buddy.
How right he is.
Go on, show. Let your hair down.
Yeah, this show is self.
Take your pants off.
Shake your shoes out and take it easy.
Yeah, shake your booties.
Yeah, at least...
Drive them.
Lean back and just, uh...
Ride with the slack.
Surf that buck plane.
Climb onto the slack wagon.
That magic surfboard of Bob.
Oh, God, it's messy in here.
God, my pants are getting all wet.
Crush those little blue devils.
I guess I just get too excited around the show or something.
I don't know.
Why are we doing this in an ice skating rink?
This is terrible.
It's cold in here.
It's cold, yeah.
These skates don't really fit.
It's the best snack bar for miles of work.
My feet hurt.
I don't know if I want to be here anymore.
Well, take those skates out of me.
You've got them on upside down.
Oh, that's why they hurt.
When do we run up the show?
I mean, is it like...
Last time...
What show?
We didn't get to run up the show until half an hour after we finished.
Oh, yeah.
By then, it had gotten kind of stale.
It wasn't as good anymore.
How do you explain that exactly?
Friends, I don't know if I really want to expose my audience as to what happens after the show.
And what is actually done with the souls of the listeners afterwards,
which we collect here on the...
The microphone and these special condensers.
Actually, it's not the microphone.
It's like a bounce back from your speakers.
It goes back to the transmitter and then is mailed to the church.
Once again, at B.O. Box 14306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And you can also get information about...
Well, actually, actually, friends, it's almost time for us to go.
I'm going to play one more Swingin' Area Dice song pretty quick here to get us out
and sort of transfer the slack awareness over to...
to Robert Wisdom's show, American Music Party.
I had meant originally to start on this show this new little department,
a new department of the Hour of Slack, which we will start next week,
reading from the book High Weirdness by Mail,
which tells you where to get the weirdest stuff from the weirdest groups
under the categories of weird science, UFO contactees, Jesus contactees,
even weirder.
Weirder religions than our own or yours.
Health and self-improvement scams, new age saps, cosmic hippie stuff,
great catalogs, and weird politics, funny clubs, weird art, comics, sleaze and rudeness,
and of course, the cassette revolution in independent music and so forth.
We'll read like one selection per chapter.
We'll read like one episode per show and tell you the addresses of where to write for free information
from these amazingly either brilliant or completely insane people.
Thank you so much for bearing with the truth
and the fragments of it that hurt so bad on the Hour of Slack.
K and a win.
Thank y'all.
And this is the Swingin' Area Dice coming right...
coming right...
I met him at the candy store.
The first hit was free.
Yeah, we get the picture.
That's how I got hooked by the dealer of the crack.
He lit the pipe and what did I do?
Do, do, do.
I talked to Jesus.
He deserves it all of his crew.
His motley crew.
Little then did I suspect.
In twenty minutes I'd be wrecked.
Thanks for the craving, the dealer of the crack.
I saw all those corny ads on TV.
The boo.
Too.
Bad.

But what did they mean to a nice girl like me?
Not Jack.
My parents said, take care of yourself.
But they're always wrong about everything else.
That's how I got hooked by the dealer of the crack.
They kept saying, don't be pushed over and over, man,
till I got there.
I pushed my TV set out the window.
It just increases my paranoia, man.
Look into my mirror and see in a police car.
I mean, I'm getting better.
Thank you, David Crockney.
No charge you.
I felt so helpless.
What could I do?
Sell blood.
I pawned mom's purse and her wedding rings too.
To the house of correction.
I could run.
A three minute mile.
Just to get my hands on that little brown bio.
You made me a track star, the dealer of the crack.
Walking the strip was the last place I was found.
Downtown.
Looking so spelt down at 83 pounds.
Anorexia nervosa.
Daddy's caddy, I got a board.
Sign me into the Betty Ford.
Get me a Valium, the dealer of the crack.
Like you wow, like I meant like you must.
I'm the celebrities here at this hospital, you know.
I'm a little campier.
Like I meant to be nerd.
Richard Pryor.
Like Kimmy Baker.
Like she's really cool, you know.
And like she had me some really neat makeup.
And uh, Jerry Lee Lewis.
And like, boy was there a whole lot of shaking going on there.
And Julie from the love boat.
And uh, she's not a perky anymore.
But like, other people are like really cool.
And like, now I feel like one of them, you know.
And like, thanks to you, dealer of the crack.
Like, I'm a celebrity too.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
And now, the people of South Africa would like to thank Paul Simon for his efforts.
OK boys and girls.
One, two, three, ah.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.



Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.

Oh .





Oh.



Theory over, num!

