Dear Mob, I'm standing outside of Mob, waiting for Mob to come out of the talkeria where he's buying a red Mob, because we're going to do a four hour Mob on radio with John Mob, and radio is located above Mob.
That's where the radio station is, above the auto.
And I guess we're going to go over there and do a long, long show, which will be this episode of Hour of...
Let me tell you something right now. You keep talking, you're going to talk your way right into jail.
That's illegal. I just keep on talking.
Talk yourself right into jail. The jails are full of guys that don't know when to keep their mouths shut.
I'm driving to a sanitarium, 25 Colorado Mass, older than I, to go out and get some booze, you know?
And I'm getting tired of the whole situation.
The ultimate piercing. They call it the Frankenstein.
Your basic bolt through the neck.
It miraculously manages to avoid the nerves, all those arteries, and veins, and even the spine itself.
At least while you face forward, that's the case.
Turn your head abruptly to the right and look up, and all control of your lower body cuts out for 30 seconds or so.
A lot like the Vulcan neck pinch, but smellier.
The Vulcan Neck Pinch
Come in, come in.
Be with you in a minute, I'm on the phone.
Oh, mm-hmm.
You should know that, you of all people.
Oh, mm-hmm, oh, mm-hmm.
Okay.
Okay.
Hello?
Yes?
This is Philip Marlowe.
Yeah. Yeah, I guess so.
Oh, no. No, I can't believe it.
What?
Men.
This is a bad life.
That's it. Get lost, loser.
Jeez, from now on, I'm gonna forget about romance and just get lost in my work.
In 1953, a man with a pipe had a vision.
You shall please propose I not.
Crazy! Make them listen to me before it's too late!
Listen to me. Please listen.
If you don't, if you won't, if you fail to understand,
then the same incredible terror that's menacing me will strike at you!
At the edge of space, an alien armada awaits his signal.
...wound in the light years of space unleashed to take over the planet.
In two months, the world will end.
Now it's a race against time.
And thirty dollars could mean the difference between salvation and destruction.
X-Day.
Soon, the other side of the administration shall be on the escape vessels of the sexology.
Can your brain withstand the shock and mind-blowing terror?
Seek, avoiding mutant yetis engaged in strange, preternatural mating rituals.
Experience the strangely erotic, otherworldly creatures from Planet X.



On July 5th, the greatest business deal in the history of the universe will take place.
Starring J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Allow me to build a giant supersonic wave oscillator.
Connie Dobbs.
I'm a woman and a woman is obviously different from a man.
And a cast of millions.
X-Day.
The forces of nature unleashed in all their terrifying force.
Tremendous cradle waves smashing New York City.
The molten fires of the bounds of the earth cashing out to consume our world.
Will you make it to the punchline?
Visit www.subgenius.com.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Stand and inhale
When the trumpet calls X-Day
In a brother and sister band
When they blow the world away
That will talk постоянно

We shall have paradise
Subgenie of the world unite
Alien sex every night
Subgenie of the world
Subgenie of the world
Subgenie of the world unite
Sub genie of the world unite
When the trumpet call makes sound
Brother and sister band
While we blow the world away
We shall have paradise
The king of the world tonight
Alien sucks everybody
The king of the world
The king of the world
The king of the world tonight
Yes, yes, bop, yes.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
The subgenius anthem,
probably the very worst version of that
ever created in the ear of man.
Yes, and I'm fixing the ear of this man,
Reverend Stang.
It's not a very good ear.
It's a good station.
It's a good microphone.
It's a good playback machine.
It's just my ear is not very good.
But thanks to the ears,
of these contributors
that we've been listening to,
that was Lonesome Cowboy Dave's
subgenius anthem
played at some devival or X-Day
a long time ago.
I think we have better versions,
but hey, X-Day's coming up.
And that was the one on hand.
I am here alone, friends,
at the station.
It's the first time I've done this
since the old days in Dallas, practically.
Princess Wee's working on Starwood
and Lonesome Cowboy Dave is working
and...
may call in.
I'm going to read to you tonight.
But first, the credits.
That X-Day trailer was by
Reverend Sweetness McGee,
that little ad.
It had a reversed part
that had the price in it.
I wouldn't want to tell you
anything about that.
The, uh...
Just John.
Reverend Just John
did the nice bolt neck fashion cut.
And we hopefully will be playing
some more Just John music
along the way.
Uh, and, uh, and of course,
the great Mr. Fernandinande Leamer,
uh, did the, uh, the main title
and the defective, uh,
on the phone business.
And, uh, I think our opening
was chopped up by the large.
He is large and I am small.
He is large and I am small.
He is larger and I am small.
Friends, as I said,
I'm going to, uh,
because I'm alone for now
for this few brief,
uh, minutes,
um, I'm going to read to you
about one race,
the human race.
But, um,
the funny thing is
at one time
there wasn't just one
human race.
There were more than one
bipedal tool
using upright primate
species
by various names.
And I'm going to read here,
uh, something from
Stephen Baxter's, uh,
novel called Evolution.
And, uh, our story, uh,
picks up where
among some, uh, pre-humans,
I don't want to say
Australopithecines,
we're not really sure
who or what they are.
We can call them the walking folk.
This young female who's wandered
from her tribe was decimated
or her living group was,
was, uh, decimated.
And she's wandered it, uh,
been taken in by some other people
who are strangers to her.
They're a little bit more
technologically advanced
because their stone axes are better.
Her name is Far,
and she's watching a young man
who she thinks of by the name of Axe
because he has picked up a, uh, rock
and started displaying his strength
and, uh, making flakes and sheet of it,
sheets of it fall away.
And, uh, very quickly,
thanks to his skill and strength,
a crude hand,
a hand axe teardrop shape emerged.
Now he started to use a succession
of smaller stones to shape
the two lenticular surfaces
and finish the edge to a fine blade.
The walking folk,
here, I need to move this mic over
to where I can see the phone line
and my book at the same time.
The walking folk had already been making tools
more or less like this for 200,000 years.
Over such an immense span of time,
the axes had become more than mere tools,
more than functional.
To Axe, this feat of tool making
was a kind of courtship.
He was displaying his fitness as a mate to Far.
By making the tool,
he was showing her in one clear demonstration
the strength of his body,
the precision of his working,
the clarity of his mind,
his ability to conceive and see through a design,
his skill for locating wrong places,
his skill for drawing materials,
his coordination of hand and eye,
his spatial skills,
his understanding of the environment around him.
All of these were traits he expected she would want
to pass on to her offspring.
And that was why such displays had acquired
a logic of their own,
divorced from the utility of the hand axes.
Driven by lust and longing,
boys, I think you'll recognize those feelings,
men and boys would make dozens of axes over and over.
They'd labor for hours over a single axe,
seeking perfect symmetry.
They would make tiny axes the size of their thumbnails,
or they would make huge, unwieldy affairs
that had to be held in two hands like an open book.
They would, as Axe had,
seek out particularly difficult raw materials
and go ahead and carve out axes anyhow.
Sometimes they'd even throw away their axes deliberately
to show how rich they were in strength and skill.
It was even worth trying to cheat,
as Scarface had done.
It didn't work very often.
Women quickly learned they had to see
the most impressive axe being made before them.
But occasionally it paid off,
and the liar got a chance to pass on his genes
at very low cost.
I've heard they have low-cost genes over at Walmart.
This mixing up of tool-making with sexual courtship
would have a profound effect on the future,
as no male could afford not to make axes
just as his forefathers did.
It was a recipe for stultifying conservatism.
These people would make the same tool to the same plan
over and over across several continents
despite several glacial cycles for a million years.
Even different species who followed them
would continue with the same technology.
It was a continuity and a consistency
that never changed.
No institution, no religion would ever match.
Until now.
Only sex had a strong enough hold on the human mind
to have achieved such a vast freezing.
Yes, friends, for a million years,
our ancestors did that same thing.
Repetitive motion with skill, little assembly line,
to impress the chicks and get laid.
Now let's jump ahead, still watching the phone for Dave's call,
to China around the 13th to 15th centuries.
This is from a book called,
this is a really interesting book, friends,
called Sex in History.
Not history of sex, sex in history.
Think of history as the female and sex as the male,
and you'll remember it.
But, you know, sex is the male, and you'll remember it.
This is by Ray Tannahill, author of Food in History.
China, before Confucius and Confucianism,
was a much looser place than most of us can imagine.
Polygamy was, there were more girls than guys in that time
because of wars constantly happening.
And so, a husband might have a friend,
but not his first, second, and third lady,
aside from their wife, their primary wife.
They lived like Bob, in other words, friends.
As it says here, the Chinese gentleman,
practical in all things,
took care not to cause emotional crises
in the women's quarters when he introduced a new concubine.
There was a correct way to do this,
as there was for everything else.
In about 1550, a wealthy landowner, or merchant,
left to his sons a piece of silk,
sound advice on how to deal with the situation. Situation of bringing in a new concubine.
The right method, he said, is for the man to control his desire, and for the time being not
to approach the newcomer, but to concentrate his attention on the others. Every time he has sexual
intercourse with his other women, he should make the newcomer stand at attention by the side of the
ivory couch. Then, after four or five nights of this, he may have intercourse with the newcomer,
but only with his principal wife and the other concubines present. This is the fundamental
principle of harmony and happiness in one's women's quarters. I guess a well-to-do feller
back then, a merchant class such as myself, selling slack,
would probably have more than one wife. And, you know, it does get a little tricky, I suppose. Now,
you know, the Mormons are trying to pick up on that. And, of course, in subgenius land,
I can't even remember what the rules are. But the Chinese at one point did have a lot of rules.
It makes an interesting, it's interesting to consider the Chinese penitential in relation
to that of the early Christians.
In the early days of Mongol ascendancy during the last years of the 13th century,
the Chinese became sensitive about the safety of their womenfolk, which was not surprising
since they had Mongol soldiery billeted in their homes. New prudishness had began to develop,
and one of its expressions was the table of merits and demerits, listing good deeds versus sins and
evaluating each on a moral level. And, of course, the Chinese were not so good at this. They were not
able to observe moral basis. Murdering someone rated a thousand demerits, saving a life 500 merits.
By consulting such a list, the conscientious Chinese could work out for himself whether
his morality was on the debit or credit side of the ledger. The first and most detailed of these
moral calorie counts was the Shi Che Kung Kuo Lu, which was divided into 10 sections. The third,
which is, of course, the only one we're interested in,
deals with debauchery, and only demerits are listed. You don't get any merits for debauchery,
but for the rape of a married woman, it was 500 demerits. If the woman was the wife of a servant,
only 200 demerits. But if you raped a widow or a virgin, it was 1,000 demerits. Although if it
was a servant's widow or a servant's maid, the servant of a servant, then it was only 500 demerits.
Uh, like that, like raping a married woman. Of a nun, the rape of a nun demerits too numerous to
count. Of a prostitute, only 50 demerits. Then they break it down into, uh, similar things for
spur-of-the-moment passion, 200 demerits for a married woman, 100 for a servant's wife. Uh,
premeditated illicit intercourse, premeditated, my friend, with a married woman would cost you
100 demerits.
Uh, as Gary Gabrog, friend, said one time, gosh, 10 more demerits and I can get that baseball glove.
Um, boasting about these sins had demerits, 50 demerits if the partner was a married woman,
and 100 demerits if it was a virgin or a widow, 200 demerits if it's a nun, but only 5 demerits
for boasting about a prostitute. However, if you boasted untruthfully about a prostitute,
it was 10 demerits.
And the demerits were doubled for boasting untruthfully in most cases.
Uh, the demerits are, the distinctions are interesting, particularly in the case of married
women and widows. Um, but, uh, when you're talking about widows, then you're close to insulting,
uh, the relic of an ancestor. So that's a little different. There are a great many other items on
the list, all of them illuminating. Uh, keeping an,
an indecently large number of wives and concubines was 50 demerits. It's like bragging.
Showing favoritism to one woman is 10 demerits and 20 if it encourages her to be rude to the
other women in your stable. Comparing the charms of one's women folk was only one demerit as was
gloating over them and lewd dreams, but that would turn into 5 demerits if the lewd dreams
resulted in lewd actions.
So keep it in your britches, boys. Uh, singing frivolous songs is only two demerits, but studying
such songs is 20 demerits. And that's where I think many of us are in trouble, friends.
Uh, keeping erotic pictures on the shelves, 10 demerits per picture. So if we counted every CD
and DVD porno JPEG on your hard drive, you would have 10 demerits.
Okay. How many demerits per picture would that be? Okay. Apparently touching the hands of one's
women folk was a bad thing to do back in those days because it would get you a demerit, especially
if you did it with lustful intent. Then it was 10 demerits. Unless you touch their hand, helping
them in an emergency, then it's only, uh, well, there's no, there's no demerits for that. But if
such help arouses lust, it bumps into something else. So it's only two demerits. And somebody



back up to 10 demerits.
Having lewd thoughts about a woman on the street,
associating with friends who go whoring and gambling.
This is all starting to sound awfully familiar.
Going to the theater was one demerit.
Actually being in a play, 50 demerits.
Once again, you subgeniuses.
Praising the virtues of one's women,
there's no demerits in that,
but praising their wisdom and generosity
would get you demerits.
That's five demerits.
And telling one's women dirty stories
is 20 demerits unless they were told
to excite the woman's sense of shame,
in which case there were none.
In the last analysis,
the Chinese seem to have had a more interesting
and varied list of sins,
and however eccentric,
a better sense of balance than their contemporaries
in the agonized Christian West.
It was only when Neo-Confucianism,
a composite philosophy
incorporating the theories of the sage,
with fragments of Taoism and shreds of Buddhism,
began to take a vice-like hold on Chinese society
in mid-medieval times,
that what had been one of the most sophisticated
and civilized cultures in the world
began its long slide into moral Victorianism.
Now, friends, you know, when you get to be my age,
some of that moral Victorianism starts at 70,
and that sounds almost like a good idea.
But that's...
Well, it's...
I don't know if I need to go there.
I'm going to hit that.
This one.
Oh, my God.
, this one.
This one.

This one.
This one.
This one.
This one.





Friends, that is actually Mark Mothersball playing that,
and I recorded it.
I think that's his voice saying,
Bob, we did some with my voice.
Let's see what happens if I hit these little buttons here.
Well, one of them has to do with dairy fats.
Ah, that was the button that did with the dairy fats.
You did it, Dave!
You did it!
But you can't...
You've got to stay away from the button right next to it, because that erases all subgenius-related material from the entire...
What, the shiny candy-like button?
Yeah, the one that's...
The glowing button.
It looks like a naked lady, and she's dancing and singing,
Come on over, sang and played with...
Something like that, like a David Lynch thing, you know?
Boy, it's beautiful.
It is.
And you can't get away from it.
You're walking...
No, no, you must get away from it.
You must get away from it, because you don't want to be erased.
The history erase button is what that thing is labeled.
And it's a good thing in a lot of ways, but...
It's good to have it around.
There's been times when I've been tempted to use it, Dave.
There's times when it has been used, and we don't know, because we've got to shift it over so far.
There you go.
There you go.
Like that hoax that they call World War II that was just used as a cover-up,
so we wouldn't notice during the night when they switched...
all of civilization from Mars to Earth.
Or actually, from Earth to Mars, but we now think of Mars as Earth.
Yeah, so old-timers would say,
smooth move, ex-lax.
You know, having to do with a cathartic anemonic that people used to take to make them go poop and stuff.
But that was pretty quick, the way it happened.
I've said that many a time.
It's almost incomprehensible that they could move that many, quote, people, unquote,
to so far...
so quickly.
Well, they have science they haven't told us about yet.
You know, the Manhattan Project didn't really mean the atomic bomb.
Thomas Edison invented the atomic bomb.
What they were really working on was teleportation devices and so forth.
But they still, for so long, had the problem of the atoms kind of, like, going in different directions, and so...
Well, they got rid of that in the 30s, though, didn't they?
Well, in the 30s...
In the 30s, they found out that all atoms were related to each other,
if no further apart than distant cousins.
But even an atom in another...
As long as they were related, which they all are,
if one thing happens to one atom, the same thing would happen to the other atom
in another world or dimension or miles away and so forth.
But...
But...
And you know how that doesn't make any sense?
That's probably because it's not true.
No, it's because...
In an isolated system, this would occur, but since there is no such thing as an isolated system, and then by...
Right, because the minute you look at it, it gets bashful.
Yeah.
Or it starts showing off.
Yeah.
You know, the minute it knows you're looking, then it's going to act different.
It believes it has unique, unique, unique, unique eyebrows, so to speak.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, not in the hypoallergenic, radioactive way.
Right.
Metaphorically.
Metaphorically.
Metaphysically.
Meta...
Yeah.
Meta-paragorically.
Speaking of laxatives.
Yeah, yeah.
So did you speak of the great leader, the great laxative?
No, I hadn't yet.
As I told you I was going to do, I read to them from the caveman book.
I did not get around to the...
There was a section about what kind of spears cavemen use to kill dinosaurs with, and I didn't get to that part.
But I did get to the sex in history, which had the rules for how to treat your various wives when you're a correct Chinese gentleman.
Until...
Until Confucius came along and screwed everything up.
But...
And I have a joke.
They were quite, quite erudite on the subject.
And in fact, there are volumes.
And in the basement of the Peking Library and stuff, there are still tomes concerning the correct way to wash the different wives' genitalia.
And this is really true, so I hope I don't get ex-rhythmed by...
No, no, no.
You're quite right.
There have been rules and regulations.
It's like...
It didn't start with the do-goods.
There have been do-gooders of today, friends.
There have been do-gooders telling everybody else how to wash their own chattels' genitalia for ten billions of years.
I like the sky-brogue you put on the end there.
I have no idea what it means, though.
Oh, I was trying to sound like an Indian, but it didn't work.
All right.
Or Peter Lorre.
That's what it is.
I shouldn't have done that one.
I have a joke.
I mean, and I don't mean to say that I am a joke or anything like that.
I have a joke.
I'm listening.
It's a subgenius joke.
A parable, actually.
It's not so much a joke as a parable.
Oh, those are sad.
No, I'll turn this one down.
Nikolai Kingsley.
I'm not sure if he's a reverend or not, but I know he's a customer.
Had posted this parable.
That's in your Painted Lady at Night job or a subgenius job?
Yeah, where I work in the alt.slack.com.
Artifactory.
Yeah.
A man lost his job and was forced to beg on the streets.
A Jew passed by and gave him $5.
A Satanist passed by and gave him a raw steak and a ticket to see a Slipknot cover band.
A Buddhist passed by, waved his hand and said,
All is transitory.
A Hindu passed by and assured the man,
You shall be reincarnated as a poor man begging on a better corner.
A Christian passed by and muttered,
If you were a regular at my church, you'd be eligible for a food coupon.
A subgenius passed by and gave the man an adhesive Dobbs head.
The man didn't know it was adhesive and licked the back.
The glue cured his trichinosis that had caused his bad breath
that got him fired.
He was fired in the first place.
And he went on to own every business in the city.
And he hired the Buddhist, the Hindu, and the Christian.
Then he fired them and rehired them and fired them on a daily basis.
The moral of the story is, Slipknot cover band?
Tell me you're kidding, please.
Well, yeah, that was a punchline.
No, that was the moral.
It was more of a parable.
It was the moral of the parable.
Slipknot cover band?
Give me a break.
Or maybe he said, come on.
Something like that.
Well, Dave, now you see why I don't do jokes.
It's a hatchet job.
I did a hatchet job on that joke.
As accused to a hand job or a nose job or a plumb bob.
It was elusive.
It was liquid.
It was like clear water, bro.
It was like broccoli Rob.
Rob is here.
Oh, I can turn Rob on.
Is that his etheric double or is that the actual Rob?
There's a real, there's a, uh, the Miserob.
Who is this person from you speak?
The Dr. Sinister has arrived along with his fellow, the Miserob.
We call him Rob for short.
And, uh, are they, uh...
It's his handman and his footman.
And is, uh, are all present wearing the correct, uh, let's just say headgear?
Uh, we don't talk about the headgear on the air.
Well, you were talking about Slipknot.
Yeah, Slipknot and, uh, different kinds of nautical.
That's a band.
I know, but it made me think about knots and it made me think about our headgear and then
it made me think about the fun we've had with our headgear and a couple of unfortunate incidents
and then maybe some of those people was really their time, but, and, but basically overall
how, you know, pretty well they work and stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, I know you are living proof.
Work.
Work.
Work.
Who needs it?
Somebody said, somebody said the, uh, the subgeniuses are the Maynard G. Krebs of religion.
That was also erudite, elusive and, and, and quick-stinkers.
Fairly accurate, yeah.
And think about the fellow who played Maynard G. Krebs.
He went on to play the great subgenius Gilligan on Gilligan's Island.
He went on to get busted for smoking pot a bunch of times.
And, uh...
Off-Broadway Pluto grotesque where he played the, uh...

The, uh, the, uh, puppy eater.
And his name was Bob.
Bob Denver.
Bob Denver, named after a town somewhere that we've never been, at least today.
Now, here's, uh, six circuits of, uh, of, uh, contact.
The, near Denver is a bridge named Bob.
And that's the name of the bridge.
It was the townsfolk voted to name the bridge.
Bob.
Well, that's so much more synchronistic than Dobstown being built near the Blood River.

The river in the Amazons.
Amazon.
Well, you're talking about Dobstown 3.
How many Amazons are there?
Well, there's been only one Amazon.
There have been a bunch of Dobstowns.
There was the first one was in Malaysia.
And the next one was in Bolivia.
And then there was one in Ararauama, Brazil.
That's the one I'm referring to.
Number 3.
Yeah, that was the one I've been...
The one in Trish.
That's the only one I've been to in any...
That I can...
Am allowed to remember.
It's sweltering.
Winter, summer, spring.
Yes.
Any fall in between.
And then, uh...
It's, uh, unbearable.
It's, uh...
I can hear them calling us now.
Yes.
I hear the bells.
I hear the bells of Dobstown.
It's Vespas time.
Are you one of the spirit of Bob?
Are you a man?
Are you a snake?
Are you a turtle?
Are you aware of the different messages being given at one time?














Can you absorb them all at once?
I think we're getting some kind of little Morse code message buried in the, uh, crappy
music mix.
The music, by the way, in the background is by me.
If you want to call it music, yes.
If you wanted to call it me.
It's actually just a bunch of loops.
Stolen and, uh, reorganized.
Oh.
That's called theft.
Yeah.
No.
No, no.
Well, yes and no.
Now, here's something I've been wondering about.
The word DJ.
Over the last 10 years, I noticed that DJs were starting to be treated as artists or
else were treating themselves as if they were some kind of artiste.
They're presumptuous.
And I thought, well, I guess they're talking about these people like Moby that take, they
steal loops from one song and loops from another song.
The kleptones, which we've played a lot lately and girl talk and so forth.
But it turns out, no, most of these DJs are just guys that play somebody else's music.
In their own order.
They make up a new order to play a bunch of other people's and that's all.
Like radio DJ of the old timey days back when, when people actually picked the songs rather
than, uh, computers and, uh, statistics, uh, processing machines.
There were also these huge, large Bauhaus looking, uh, tape grills.
Some of them were like six inches thick and you had to argue with each one.
You usually hired a slight gentleman from Romania.
Yeah.
Uh, but who actually was very, very muscular when the time came and he would have to grab
one of these huge discs and pull them off these Bauhaus looking, uh, like cathedral
of audio science things, you know, with the weird script writing across them and he'd
rip them off and he'd run over to the other machine and he'd slap one on and there'd be
like a seven second delay and there'd be a live time where the DJ, which stands for disconnected,
I don't want to say the word.
Um.
Oh yeah.
No, no.
Dipstick.
Disconnected dipstick.
I was going to talk about the excretion that comes from our bodies when we're delighted.
I wasn't going to talk about that.
Slobber drool.
How about dumb jizz head?
Can you say that on the air?
Oh no.
Uh, you can see now.
Whatever.
I didn't think you could.
That's why I listed.
But anyway, that was, don't you remember those days?
I mean, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was,
it was.
Yeah, but, that's not a dream.
I'm sure it was a dream.
Well, yeah.
But, things haven't changed.
It's just that instead of big reels now and having to run back and forth across the radio
factory or drive back and forth with the giant reels, now you just push buttons.
And then what had been on big reels is on a few tiny little bits of a chip somewhere.
Or a disc.
You can get one of those monkeys with a bell hop hat on a bicycle to pull the treadmill
endlessly and stuff and deliver things for you while you sit in some sort of fake room

you know what, Mark, easy chair meant for the patio.
Well, things have changed.
Their evolution of some kind has happened in one direction or another.
The only time will tell which way it's really going now.
But, you know, one thing that has always been here,
one constant has been the church of the subgenius.
And you may say, but Reverend Stang, wasn't the church founded in 1954?
By J.R. Bob Dobbs?
How can you say it's always been around?
And, well, there have always been bobs.
And I have this history book that proves that the czar of Russia, Peter the Great,
was, in some ways, if not a bob, well, he was definitely not a bob,
but he was a true subgenius.
Now, the music you're playing in the background,
which you put together yourself and which is your music.
Yes, this hasn't been.
It's perfect for your segue into a delightful afternoon
talking to the czar of all the Russias,
which even at that time was quite large of an area,
sitting in somewhere in his dacha.
Well, they...
By the back porch.
And drinking.
Drinking samovars of hot tea and vodka.
Here, let me read this little section here.
Although much of the Alka...
This is a section talking about how drunk every level of Russian...
Society always was back then.
And seems to still be.
Although...
Well, look who's talking.
Americans.
Okay, although much of the alcohol consumed at their revels
was in a milder form of beer or kvass,
the intake was vast and continuous.
G. Gordon Gordon, in his diary,
speaks often of the amount Peter has drunk
and of the difficulties that he, a middle-aged man, had in keeping up.
But it was Lefkort who taught Peter to drink...
really heavily.
Although...
And Lefkort said...
Eventually, this drinking took its toll
and Lefkort died a relatively young man of 43.
But here's the good part, okay?
This is the part where Sterno...

Pope Sterno...
Pope Sterno...
Dox of Arkansas...
handed me this paperback book I'm looking at now
and pointed to this paragraph I'm about to read.
And when he did that,
I ended up reading a lot more about Russia
and Russian history.
But Peter the Great was made czar when he was only 17 or so, right?
He was mad, too.
He was quite mad.
Well, yes and no.
You maybe think...
There have been some pretty crazy czars,
and Peter had his...
I'm thinking of his excesses.
I know he...
Created Russia in many senses.
Yes.
And he built the nation and made it a, quote,
Western, whatever that means.
He dragged it crapping and urinating into the 16th century.
But Peter...
He got away with murder
because he would...
Once he was made the emperor of the entire known world of the Russias,
he started hanging out with all his buddies who were foreigners
and people friendly.
And he was a very good man.
And he was a very good man.
But Peter's parody of temporal power was mild
compared to the bizarre mockery he and his comrades
appeared to make of the church.
His friends, the Jolly Company,
was organized into, quote, get this,
the all-joking, all-drunken synod of fools and jesters.
Might as well call it Church of the Subgenius.
With a mock prince-pope,
a college of cardinals,
and a suite of bigots,

bishops,
archimandrites,
priests,
and deacons.
Peter himself,
although only a deacon,
notice I'm only a reverend,
took charge of drawing up the rules and instructions
for this strange assembly.
With the same enthusiasm with which he was later to draw up laws
for the Russian Empire,
he carefully defined the rituals and ceremonies
of the drunken synod.
The first commandment was that, quote,
Bacchus be worshipped with strong and honorable drinking
and receive his...
his just dues.
In practical terms, this meant that, quote,
all goblets were to be emptied promptly
and that members were to get drunk every day
and never go to bed sober.
At these riotous, quote, services,
the prince-pope, who was Peter's old tutor, Nikita Zotov,
drank everyone's health and then blessed the kneeling congregation
by making the sign of the cross over them
with two long Dutch pipes.
It goes on to talk about how they would have marriages
that were sometimes as many as 200 incredibly drunk people
at their head, riding in a sleigh drawn by 12 bald men,
rode the mock prince-pope.
His costume was sewn with playing cards.
He wore a tin hat and he was perched atop a barrel.
Now, this all sounds just like an ex-day drill so far.
Choosing the richer noblemen and mercenaries,
the more they were able to get their merchants to honor with their caroling,
they swarmed into their houses expecting food and drink
as thanks for their uninvited songs.
During the first week of Lent, this time of penitence,
followed the prince-pope through the city.
The company, wearing outlandish costumes inside out,
rode on the backs of donkeys and bullocks
or sat in sleighs pulled by goats, pigs, or even bears.
They were so people that they would have been
more than happy to have those horses for a feast.
They had a marriage ceremony that was so wild
that when the party was over, the bridegroom died.
What did he die of?
Alcohol poisoning.
The drunken synod, created when Peter was 18,
continued its tipsy existence until the end of the tsar's reign
with the mature man who had become emperor
continuing to engage in the same coarse buffoonery
begun by the unbridled adolescent.
This behavior, which foreign diplomats found vulgar and scandalous,
seemed blasphemous to many of Peter's subjects
and added to the belief that he was himself the Antichrist,
and they eagerly awaited the bolt from heaven which would strike down the blasphemer.
And, of course, he just got more and more out of hand.
And the parody of the church hierarchy not only gave vent to his own resentment,
but as the years went by, reflected his continuing impatience
with the whole institution of the church in Russia.
And, in fact, later on, he declared that all Russian men had to cut their beards off or pay a tax,
which in the Russian Orthodox Church at that time meant pretty much that Peter the Great was the Antichrist.
Because up until that moment...
He was telling all the priests to cut their beards.
Right. Up until then, shaving was not allowed.
That was immoral. It was against God.
And suddenly, Peter, having traveled around Europe, which he was the first czar to do that,
had looked around and realized, oh my God, everybody else is wearing these nice pointy shoes
and giant triangular hats and pretty white wigs, and they shaved their beards.
He was a Francophile and a Brito-phile.
Well, actually, he was a Dutchophile more than anything, because the Dutch had a navy, you see, and Russia didn't.
And Russia wanted one so they could watch the Swedes.
In other states, the Swedes were kicking the Russians' butts.
Can you imagine that?
A King Charles of Sweden managed to beat the Russians, but they would just go over there and do whatever they wanted to with them.
Do you know what I mean?
Yep. And they still do to this day.
But now it's like drunken guys in cars that go over the border where they, you know,
it's like going to Canada where nobody is and you just show up in town and get drunk and drink Labatt's 50 or something
and then go back to your home and...
In America.
I've heard that's what y'all Yankees do, because, see, in Texas, Canada was just too far to go for a whorehouse.
Well, they used to have boats that went over to Canada, and you could get these things that were called fish and chips and stuff like that.
But it was just like, well, actually, it was better than America in a lot of ways.
Their hamburgers were real big and fat, and the beer actually tasted like beer.
But how did you guys go to get to Juarez or Ciudad Acuna?
I got to Juarez personally via an old movie, an old film noir, and I was sitting on a couch, actually, and it was in Cleveland.
At the time, I just closed my eyes and I appeared in Juarez.
They called me a warista, and they tried to send me home, but I told them I was a vagrant.
And so they had to put me in the pickling stuff, that compound, that fluid.
That's where I'm at right now.
I still have to lick my wounds.
I picked up the Spanish translation of the novel Treasure of Sierra Madre recently.
I was trying to brush up on my Spanish because my family is now partially Hispanic, or more Hispanic than it used to be.
And I thought, well, I need to brush my high school Spanish.
I picked it up, and the first paragraph basically says,
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.



Yeah.









White bench with no money in his pocket, watching the shoeshine boys running around and thinking,
with their little box of gear and wax and cloth, thinking to himself,
compared to me, these guys are capitalists.
I wish I could say it all in Spanish, but most of our radio audience wouldn't understand it,
and neither would the Spanish-speaking ones, because my pronunciation would be so high school.
Dr. Sinister would have to run over the microphone and explain,
fully in Espanol, what you had hablado.
Dogs estaban sentando en el...
No sé la palabra para bench.
Nos vemos en su casa.
No, we won't.
Yeah, no, let's not try.
It's been too long.
But I'm getting to where I can sort of read Spanish,
sort of, just enough to get in trouble,
just enough to walk into the wrong kind of coffee shop
and ask for the wrong kind of drink.
Well, it will just, like, you know, in time contraction,
I mean, time distension and length contraction
as you approach the speed of light,
it will make your organs heavy and droop down to the floor.
I'm not talking about your...
Oh, good, because I was thinking...
Yeah, I'm talking about your heart and your liver and stuff starts drooping
because it's becoming so dense as you approach the speed of light.
But you haven't approached it yet, so I guess we don't have to worry.
Hey, I have a question that Dr. Sinister might be able to answer.
The speed of sound isn't...
Now, the speed of light is not relative,
but the speed of sound, isn't that relative to where the sound is traveling?
Yes, it is.
It varies based on the medium through which it's traveling.
Right.
Traveling, the speed of sound in the atmosphere is a different speed
than the speed of sound in the ocean, say, or on Mars,
which has a very thin atmosphere.
Yes.
So your Martian sonic moon...
It's relative because of the atmosphere.
They have found out.
The acoustics, yep.
But light isn't slowed down by things like...
They have slowed light down.
They have?
Yeah.
But no one longer becomes light if it's slowed down
because the speed of light is not relative.
Oh.
You know, you can't...
Not in the general world, but it just is, you know?
There was a wonderful science fiction story,
I forget the name of the author,
about a material called slow glass,
which would slow light down so much that, say,
say you left this window of slow glass
in front of San Francisco Bay Harbor for 10 years,
you could then sell it to somebody in Arizona,
and when they put that in their window,
they'd be looking at the bay in San Francisco
for the next 10 years.
Wow.
Then finally the light from Arizona would start coming through,
and you'd sell the glass to somebody else.
That's interesting.
That's interesting.

That's amazing.
Well, it was a cool idea.
It was, you know, it was a great idea for a short story.
Well, look, radio waves...
It's not in Walmart yet.
Well, it will be soon.
You can count on that
because now they just don't even have publishers.
Walmart just buys books that have been rejected and stuff,
and they put them in those racks and stuff
for 25 cents or whatever it is.
But radio waves are the longest,
and they take the longest...
They're the longest.
Well, that's why the aliens are just now
starting to hear Hitler's speech.
I thought it was so weird.
The sound and radio waves are both light waves.
All waves on the spectrum are like...
Isn't that weird?
You've been back in college again, haven't you, boy?
No, I've just been smelling under the wrong things.
You know, it's like...
You know where the word milly whiffer...
You know the word milly whiffer?
You know where that comes from?
No.
Because on the girls' bike,
it was traditional in France,
it would be like madame, monsieur, and mademoiselle,
and mademoiselle would be abbreviated M-L-L-E.
And so the damn...
Or the darn...
The English guys, you know,
they see the milly in the kind of youngest girl's bike seat,
and that meant...
One race, the human race,
has been sniffing bicycle seats
since bicycles were invented.
And before bicycles,
they...
They were sniffing benches
and rocks and things.
What if Adolf Hitler would have run on that platform?
Would he have become chancellor much earlier or much later?
What if Adolf Hitler had sold more paintings?
Would history have been different?
You know, there's a coffee table book on your table,
and there's Der Fuhrer next to this really abstract-looking piece,
and he's the king of the bohemian guys,
you know,
instead of...
his world, you know?
Did I already explain...
My movie idea?
Because I did explain it,
it's probably in production by now,
but it was Harold and Maude and Kumar
go to Nazi Germany.
Only it's not Nazi Germany yet.
They meet Hitler when he's still an art student,
and their idea...
Their goal is to buy his art
and go back to the future to sell it,
because it'd be worth a lot, right?
His little landscape paintings and stuff.
So they go back in time,
and they meet him,
and they buy some of his art,
and he's so...
pleased by that,
and they hang out with him,
and, you know,
teach him how to pick up girls,
and, you know,
smoke pot in Amsterdam and stuff,
and he...
and he decides not to get into politics,
because he sticks with his art career.
So all this art they bought from him
back in the 20th century,
21st century,
is no longer worth anything.
Wah, wah, wah, wah.
So then that would mean that...
What's his name on Gilligan's Island?
Bob Denver.
He would have been elected president by now.
Ruth Gordon would be the first lady,
because she played Maude
in Harold and Kumar and Maude.
G. Gordon Gordon did?
No.
G. Gordon Gordon is so old
that he was one of Peter the Great's advisors.
Oh, I thought he was...
He was an Englishman.
He was an Englishman hired by Peter the Great
to teach the Russians how to have a navy
and fight like...
Like Europeans.
And kill them damn Swedes.
Right.
But you had...
And Turks.
And Turks.
Turks were a big problem then.
Yeah, Turks and Swedes.
In those days,
Turkey was kicking Russia's booty.
Sweden...
Yeah, Russia was...
They were in von Munchhausen
and had to fight back the bloody Turks.
There were so many all over the places of Europe.
They had almost took over Europe.
There was a place somewhere that we...
I don't know.
There's...
There's...
There's...
There's...
There's...
There's...










There's...




I understand is a fun read.
They were debauchers like Henry XII?
According to my friend Sterno,
who somehow has time to read a lot of history.
I guess he doesn't read so much sci-fi and pornography.
He said that there were sultans
who went insane from pleasure.
Pleasure.
Such was their pleasure
that they went completely insane.
Turkish delight.
Turkish delight.
You can only imagine the scene somewhere
in the steamy Istanbul cafe
as some of these elite meet
wearing funny clothes,
looking like the average person on the street.
Like beggars, even.
They sit together,
dream up,
hatch what they'll do tonight.
Much like little old Alex
at the Korova milk bar someplace somewhere.
Yeah, yeah.
I was thinking on my way over here,
I'm all on my Adi Naki.
I'm a big boy now.
I drove here all by myself without Princess Wee.
And I got into the studio all by myself.
I did almost the whole show.
Now, do you have gallows leg?
That telltale drizzle of urine down your leg,
which means that...
Well, I did earlier.
I got over it.
Well, the people in the room got over it too, I suppose.
Well, actually, Dr. Sinister left.
He sat in...
He sat in here for a while.
And then he...
He had a cloth over his nose and he left.
Well, he was going to Juarez
and then down to Dodgetown 3,
just like all the rest of us.
Yep, yep, yep, yep.
Can't repress the muse.
Well, Dave, the time is coming near to an end.
I'm going to put on some music
to let this all go away eventually.
I know, since your conversion,
you have to put that weird foreskin-shaped thing
on your head now
and say your prayers three times or whatever it is.
Well, I've been under pressure, man.
Well, I guess that's no reason just to jump ship
and start to get into another religion
while you're the E-popped of one.
No, that's...
Pop is the E-pop.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is...
I mean, the head scriber or whatever.
Yeah, sacred scribe, sacred scribe.
The sacred head scribe, the sacred scribe.
And when I die, there'll be another one,
and he'll be sacred scribe.
I'm number 274,
but he'll also be named Reverend Ivan Stang.
So there will always be a Stang of some kind
to, you know, to be Bob's little whipping boy,
to be the flat catcher.
Everybody in the hood knows
there's always going to be some Stang going on
somewhere sometime, sometime.
That's right.
You got to make a Stang.
I looked in the...
One of the urban dictionaries I read
didn't even have that phrase as a...
as a slang term.
Well, I think you're reading
the herbal dictionary upside down
is what you were doing.
Oh, yeah, it could be.
Probably is,
at least when you take the bus recently
since the car is in the car shop.
Now, in old England and old Europe,
there was a custom called riding the Stang,
which is what they would make you do
if you were dumb enough to get caught adulterizing
and bragging about it,
where they would put you on a sort of a wooden log
that was...
Just represented a horse.
A fool killer, so to speak.
Yeah, exactly.
But it was actually called the Stang.
It was called riding the Stang.
If you were a fool who got caught
for messing around with somebody else's property,
or wife, I mean.
Caught with your pants down.
Yeah, caught with your pants down,
and you had to put on the funny hat
and ride the Stang,
and everybody would look at you
and throw funny things at you,
and that's how I got my name.
Well, that is a good way to get it.
But I was...
I thought it was so much better
if you were caught performing adulterous acts
that you wore the stuff or not,
if you didn't get caught,
and then you got to wear the hat and everything anyway.
Now, see, I thought it was funnier
if you got caught doing adulterous acts.
But really, now,
was there anything else we had to cover?
X Day is coming July 5th.
That's one reason I came in to do...
bothered to come in and do a show.
I have to crank out a bunch of shows ahead of time.
Yeah, I did, actually, at the beginning.
In fact, I played your song,
the subgenius anthem.
And, in fact, I played the very worst version of it
that we have.
Oh, then you always do this to hurt me so.
Yeah, and we played...
And I sang along with it just like I did.
That's what made it the worst version.

Yeah, so I, like, doubled it up extra bad.
But we even had a little X Day ad
that I had to flip the price in
so that it didn't appear to be urging it.
I didn't want anyone to do anything.
Actually, we urged non-subgeniuses to avoid X Day.
You're not even allowed in unless you're a dues-paying member.
So you have to buy a membership just to get in.
Yep.
And then you have to pay the entrance fee.
Which is...
Yeah, and then you have to take the initiation.
Then you have to take the cure.
And then you have to take the refestation.
And then you have to get your prescriptions refilled
because of all the infections you got.
Then you have to be relocated
because the infections...
The infections won't really go away.
They'll just be abated by the prescriptions.
And on that note, that note from the doctor,
we must cut to this music,
which is by Bleepo.
Bleepo.
Bleepo.
Bleepo.
Okay, okay.
I'm going to cut.
Turn that off.
Dave, thank you.
You certainly know how to cut.
All right.
Thank you.
Okay.
I'm going to fade you out slowly now.
Okay, well, I just hope that everything goes well.
On the way home.
Good to see you.
Thanks a lot.
Have a good weekend.
On and off the road to Bob
We are marching forward blind
He has gouged out both our eyes
And he's laughing close behind
He will sell us back our eyes
When we join his noble plan
For just 1995
And a take of our one grand
On and off the road with Bob
He has headed us
The wheel
And he cuddles up with Bob
As he calls himself a beetle
Our eyes are on the road
But Bob forgot to say
That the steering wheel went by
And he's lost
The road carries us away
Thank you, Bleepo.
And now...
On and off the road for Bob
We forgot why we came here
We have quit all of our jobs
Like a headlight
Like a headlight
Like a keyboards
So quiet


That hurt, Bob.
Bob, where are you?
Stop it, Bob.
Please.
