Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's sad to say
That the steering wheel went fast
The road carries us away
You know, dear friends,
there's nothing like being strapped
by a big strapping woman
using her big red
tại
straps or you know if you're feeling particularly bad and devilish if you if
you want this with the thrill of the forbidden hey hey might want to use
those big green straps oh Bob wouldn't like that now would he but who would be
so so very bad
you don't have any more you're having a time to watch the Magnum fun police I
don't I'm sorry can we see your fun life
in the rubber sheets oh hey you're crack filling my hair your heroin filling my
crack well did you crack your tylenol though in my spine I remember back when
all you needed was a few hundred landmines
a
Dobbs had enough you dull and thick-headed lads to man the barricades
and it was an easy time for a revolution
you
you
唉

gonna
hey
%ah
ha
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
Excuse the man, I was really big a party
I did it on the roof, cause I'm dancing with
Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention please?
When we leave this area in a moment, be sure to take along all your belongings
Including your imagination
Kill Bob!
I know what you want
You wanna kill me
What about slack?
That's your key phrase
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it
And now, the self genius
Our own slack
Slack
Slack
Slack
Slack
Slack
Slack
Slack
Slack
Slack
Years ago, I started out broke, washing dishes
And got promoted to be a busboy to support 10 brothers and sisters and a mom and a dad
Things are different now
I credit the whole thing to
Bob
B
O
B
B-O-B, B-O-B, B-O-B, B-O-B.
Well, I know you're not used to seeing me without my partner, Bob.
Bob is in jail, and he's doing quite well.
Been to the Betty Ford Clinic, he's different now, but they actually...
Imagine that, you kill your whole family just because the devil tells you, you know?
Then afterwards you go back to the devil, you go, yes, devil, I did as you instructed.
I killed my family, and then I chopped them up and put them in a duffel bag.
Here they are in a duffel bag.
I'll be burying them tonight in the shallow grave by the side of the railroad track.
As you have commanded, oh, Lord, host of the hoary netherworld.
Then the devil pulls off a mask.
It's me, Bob!
Bob works in a mysterious way.
Here, tell us a spirit-filled revival.
It wouldn't exist.
The stage looks like this.
Blood, broken cameras.
Man, if I really wanted to do time control, I'd smash my radio show here.
Oh, and there goes the radio show.
But that's okay, because, uh, welcome, dear friends.
This is Hour of Slack number eight.
The sub-inspect was the tactics genius.
The convention ends.
Sh-
On and off the road for Bob.
We forgot why we came here.
We have quit all of our jobs.
Like a headlight, I didn't care.
He has lit the stage.
He's a great guy.
And he's smiling at us now.
On and off the road, here's Bob.
He's our bull god.
We are his town.
We are his town.
That hurt, Bob.
Bob, where are you?
Stop it, Bob.
Please.

Please.
Bob?


Now, I was trying to think what my specific testimonial would be, because I have so many of them in my life.
I was acquainted with Bob in 1981, thanks to an article in Weirdo Magazine.
And then in 1982, I made the mistake of actually going to the Church of the Subgenius Convention in Chicago as a reporter for my radio station.
And, uh, well, I like to say it's just that I've never looked back.
But the single greatest thing that happened perhaps in our lives, my daughters and mine, this is my daughter Sylvia, and Reverend Bleepo Abernathy, incidentally.
Yeah!
Hey, Bleepo!
Of the, uh, of the, uh, well, you know, anyway.
Uh, so, uh, we were having some trouble getting my daughter toilet trained, you know?
I mean, frankly.
I mean, she was doing real good.
She was doing all right with her diapers and stuff, but we really wanted to get her interested in the potty.
We kept putting the potty out, and everyone knew about it.
You know?
And it was like, we just kind of tried to keep saying, hey, it's the potty.
It's just like Mommy and Daddy is, hey.
And she just wasn't interested.
And finally after, you know, it was one of those days when, like, we went through, like, a whole bunch of them and stuff, a whole bunch of diapers and stuff.
Uh, I, I, I, the potty was sitting there, and she was, she was lying around without a diaper.
We were trying to encourage her to use it.
And just out of sheer desperation, out of just something to do to remind me that there was something better in life than this.
.
I put on the subgenius video on the TV.
And my daughter immediately looked up at the TV.
She had never seen it before, because it's usually the sort of thing I put on after hours, you know.
And she looked up, and I'd never really talked to her about Bob, because, you know, there's a lot of funny things in our house.
And it's sort of like Bob is just sort of one of them.
We don't have any, like, Bob posters.
We're not that obsessive about it.
He's just sort of a background icon.
Anyway.
.
Anyway, we, we, we put him on the TV.
And my daughter looked up, and she said, Bob.
.
And, and then she, she, she immediately ran over to the potty and sat down and went, ah.
.
And that was it.
From then on, it was like, time to go to the potty?
She said, put on Bob.
And we did.
And, and, and so just parents, if you need the potty train, that's the best potty train around.
Anyway, Sylvia, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to embarrass you.
.
You want to say Bob?
Say Bob.
Oh, she's tired.
Sorry.
Anyway.
Help me somebody.
Praise Bob.
.
And that toilet training videotape is available for only $40.
Praise Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
For those of you who are regular Hour of Slack listeners, that's him.
He's the guy who says.
.
And now, the subgenius, our Slack.
.
.







.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

Yes dear friends, well, I guess it's time to do credits.
Little bit of credits.
The first song that you heard, the sort of cosmic song, those who came before was from
Peter Stensel.
He's now in California but used to be with ZXQ Universe, which we may or may not hear
later on tonight.
We get a lot of great tapes from them.
They're a comedy outfit in Minneapolis.
.
comedy you'll see and then the the new hymn on and off the road to bob by the dobstown bleeding
sore castrated boys choir led by reverend bleepo abernathy who you also heard there just then
the attention off of p for a little while right herein is the birth of the psychic overload
technique of brain inversion pioneered by master control now begin volume inversion control
programming all you need is a simple light source a light bulb may be a bit too bright a candle it
has been found through repeated experimentation is the best well this amazing view of your own
gray matter why is it so odd that the eye bulbs that the occupiers go back lying only a few
inches away from the human brain itself under most conditions to view this astounding repertory of
all human knowledge and experience that's neat it's it's mine it's cool it's after
you've seen the video and you've seen the video and you've seen the video and you've seen the
initial até

party
state
of this
pres поч coffin
about
a bitch
it is your brain which all the 산
лег
So everything that you think that you feel takes your poor brain to finally make it real.
Your poor, old, beat-up, stupid brain.
Well, it may seem old, stupid, and beat-up, and it might even be, but it's the only one you've got.
When I hold the candle like this, you can see a patch back here.
Somebody patch this thing.
Stop it.
You're fouling up the experiment.
You're not supposed to do that.
First of all, in order to achieve the mystic simplicity, you have to hike for 70 miles into the remote wilderness.
I did that.
And find a hermit's cabin.
I did that.
And no hermit can be there.
If there is, you have to bump him off or something.
So, you know, you're there all alone in the remote woods.
Have you ever seen a hermit crab?
Have you ever seen a crabby hermit?
For the secular audience, have you ever seen a hermit crab in a crabby hermit's cabin?
Put away that hermit's hermit's record.
I'm trying to do something here.
Now, when the full darkness of the night overcomes you, when the clouds obscure the moon,
and the stars...
The stars are hidden under a blanket of mucoid cloud.
Then and only then you experience the true darkness necessary to see your own brain.
Or you could try it in a cave.
We are going to play the Herman Herman's record back and see what subliminal messages are hidden within the ground.

Kill mommy.
Kill mommy.
Kill mommy.
Kill mommy.
Kill mommy.
Kill mommy.
Kill mommy.
That's what kids are for.
If you listen to this subliminal trash, you are guaranteeing yourself a minor...
...experience here to unheard of in the United States of America.
Such things should not be allowed in our modern-a-go-go society.
And which anybody that can press plastic can influence the mindless millions.
This is a crime against humanity and should not be tolerated under any such circumstances.
Well, you know, there's always a lot of religious and silly opposition to any great idea,
but this is something that's so simple, so human, so all-embracing,
that it can't really be suppressed even by the solens of this self...
...important radio program.
You mean to tell me even if Super Thing comes, we...
...this radio program continues?
Well, I...
You know, that was the word of the assassinated Nen's master, Nenslo.
Whom we must always...
We're showing him here on the slide, you can see on, uh, Monitor X.
Here's Nenslo opening the...
...men...
...the Nenta Life Stance...
No, Third Eye, I see.
I've waited for years for an electrical storm of this magnitude.
The fury of the elements in combination shall electrify my creation and bring it to shambling light.
Oh, there goes the...
You clumsy fool!
Oh!
...the front of, uh, your place, Hal.
My tibia!
You don't empty that spittoon on my operating table.
Nobody can hang onto the table.
Now, take that belly bandeau off my cigar and light me up another Havana Panatella.
While I relate the tale I call...
...Too Much Fun in the Sun, or Sun-Tan Timmy.
Meanwhile, back in the control center...
Yeah, Sun-Tan Timmy was someone who a lot of people didn't appreciate.
Sun-Tan Timmy.
But I had an ex-garden gene in my mind that told me a thing or two about how...
...how humans actually operate.
...how he was actually from Mars, the red planet, millions of miles from the Earth.
They always made fun of the way that my bangs hang out all the way over my forehead.
But what they didn't know was underneath my bangs I have a third eye.
And I also have eyes in the back of my head.
If they only knew the F-E-X-P-E-X-P-X-X-
Whatever that word is that means that you got powers far beyond that of mortal men.
Hey, why don't you get a regulation haircut, huh?
Well, excuse me.
I gotta go take an E-S-P.
Oh, yeah, let's see a giant.
Earthly dogs and cats hated Little Timmy.
They knew, as unseeing adults and even as un-contemporaries didn't, that he was not of this Earth.
Yeah, well, I didn't care for them much either.
And more than a poodle or two...
Little Timmy, would you...
...spooted spontaneous flames because they didn't look at me the right way.
Not Little Pee-Pee, no, no!
I can assure you that.
And you know, I don't care very much for teachers that give me a lot of homework either.
Little Timmy, why haven't you...

And then there was that one or two foster parents that didn't quite give me quite enough allowance.
Come here, Timmy, I...
Oh!
It's okay, Timmy.
You're real good.
You're real good, Timmy.
Real good.
And then there was that patrolman that tried to tell me I'd run away from home.
Now, now, what is all this, young man?
I think you'd better come with me down to the juvenile...

Ah!
Yeah.
And then they had the nerve to call me spoiled.
Well, let me tell you a thing or two.
He didn't smell too good, either.
You know once he was spoiled.
Spoiled, yeah.
Where was he at birthday?
When we needed him to discipline little Timmy and bring him into line with the rest of the nation.
Timmy, wake up.
You're having a nightmare.
There's no place like...
It's all a dream.
...the cellar.
Ah!
Mommy, I thought I told you never to wake me up when I'm asleep.
Oh, my.
I didn't...
We will continue with the adventures of Timmy after this important station announcement.
That's Timmy!
No, Timmy!
You're listening to KCSU, Stafford.
Another exciting line of images...
No, you're not.
You're listening to KUAN.
No, you're not.
...to the kind of your brain.
Patent protected.
Yo, Mama, you're listening to the subgenius show.
Pocket-a-pocket-a-queep, pocket-a-pocket-a-queep.
Hey, brother man.
What is happening?
Or what is it?
No, what it is...
Far out, dude.
It's time for some psychedelic, rock-a-groovadelic moments on the sexiest, hippest, weirdest,
wildest, wiggiest, and wackiest show on the air.
Indeed, what Tim was experiencing was the eye of the hurricane.
This is the eye of the hurricane.
This is it.
So, if you haven't taken the necessary precautions, you have just a few minutes left to do so.
Stay calm.
No need to panic.
But, uh, be sensible.
Make common sense, uh, moves and...
Who is it?
J.R.
Dobbs?
Who is this?
J.R.
Dobbs?
And who, who do you need?
Uh, Reverend Stang?
Um...
Uh, I'm...
I'm...









Poor Xander.
Reverend Stang doesn't want to talk to you right now.
Yeah, no kidding.
Um...
Yes, dear friends.
Okay, I've got to do some real tape juggling here.
Uh...
First off, first off.
Long stretch of, uh, amazingness there was, uh, from the original Subgenius show, KPFA,
or actually KCSU, I think that one was, Dr. Howell, Puzzling Evidence.
Father Joe Mama sounding a little bit like Boojie Boy.
But then there's these phone calls.
Now, being sacred scribe as I am,
it has its perks and its benefits and kickbacks and so forth,
but it also has its drawbacks.
And one of the worst drawbacks is the telephone,
the horror that goes on on the phone.
Sometimes the phone won't quit ringing,
and sometimes it's not prank calls, it's crank calls.
We do get calls from crazy people.
And you just heard a little recording of my son picking up,
catching one of those calls.
Notice the guy said he was J.R. Dobbs.
Just don't worry about it, you know.
He's like, you know, it's just, you know,
going on about the hydra and fight teams and stuff.
Yeah, that's the fun thing.
So, friends, you've had your lesson now.
That's how not to impress the subgenius foundation.
Don't call us up telling you you're the Lord.
Prove it!
Knows all, smells all.
Though I am dead, I am now reborn.
Can whiff read a stench at 30 paces.
What's that meaty smell?
He can taste you through his pipe.
Then the distance between the left and right speakers
is the distance between the left and right speakers.
There's no difference.
When you stand at this position, you will observe...
Bob knows who is true and who is untrue.
And who is pink!
Somewhat more...
Oh, my gosh, you're in the spotlight!
The spotlight of Bob! His third eye's just opening up!
Somewhat more terrifying than Santa Claus,
all the more serious because he packs heat.
Bob is kind of like Santa Claus with a twist.
Kind of like Santa Claus with a mean evil streak.
I'm so sorry.
Would you like to go out on a date with me?
Sanctuary!
Sanctuary!
Quasimodo!
25 next month!
Coming!
Notre Dame!
Call me Notre Dame 624.
Brian, we've been trying to save your soul.
If anything, we may rape your mind.
But you guys think you're just too smart
because your mom and dad are supporting you
while you're here listening to this radio station.
What do they believe in?

What do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
Yes.
My mother is Jewish.
My father is Catholic.
I was brought up a Catholic,
but with a Jewish background.
When I went to confession,
I always brought a lawyer with me.
Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.
I think you know Mr. Cohen here.
I've already got airtime.
Oh, yeah?
I've already got airtime.
Yeah, why don't you say something?
I've already got airtime.
You little pink boy, shut up!
And it was hot in that bar
that the devivals were in,
so we all had to shed as many clothes as possible.
Sister Mary, Sister Terry Terry,
and me and many other people
all ended up performing in our underwear,
so it was visually arresting.
When I looked at the video,
I couldn't believe it.
Four babe preachers, dear friends.
It did not look like the subgenius devivals of the past.
In fact, I would venture to say
that the new subgeniuses
are getting a vastly different impression of the church
than in the old days.
Do you dare to wear your underwear on your head
as Father Joe Mama has exhorted you to?
Anyway, it was a party, dear friends.
We did abilities.
That's what the little marks represent on that God knob.
Anyway, we did what's said to do.
We did exactly what that man Bob said to do.
We had diamond cutters with shiny heads,
and the swinging meat Jesus was blessing us
all the way on down the line.
We were, we warriors, dear friends,
were dancing while proudly displaying our purple hearts.
You might say, and that was just the guys.
I guess we'll see you don't ease to the show.
Oh, I should mention that for, you know, on the X day,
she shall regain her powers
and her other helmet horn light will resume blinking.
And on that day,
you'd better hope you're on her good side, boys.
Oh, pretty baby.
I got the fun, I got the fun,
I got the fun for you.
I found the fun.
Closed my eyes and we try it again.
The song, the rhythm, the rhythm.
We practiced the song.
We practiced every more day the same way
every time in the best song.
We'd like to do that one first, just to get it out of the way.
We were born to this life.
We were destined to find it right.
This is her, and this is our fate.
We're singing this song so you can hear it.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
This time!
Full grown.
We are grown up men.
We are all past.
Age of reasoning.
This is our mission.
This is our time.
It's obvious.
Yet you still ask.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
We are going to save the universe.
Woo!
Yeah!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's get to it!
Hey!
I'm asked if the Ferris wheel was broken.



Buddy, how's everyone doing there?
Relieve yourself.


Don't you worry
Don't have no fear
Forget or die
Because the end is near
We can't fail
We've got the nerve
We're in control
And we are more than a band
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
This time!
In a little Ziploc baggie
The whole universe
We got it all saved
We have found that there are certain forms
Of a very advanced technology
Which involve energizing with forces
That we don't normally associate
With energizing machinery or equipment
They have found that the sudden dissipation
Of the life force out of the human body
Can be used to create
And be used for various other means
And this is part of the really big conspiracy
That I love to hate
Basically you must envision the universe
As a food chain
In which different levels of energy
Are consumed by more advanced forms
That eat the forms below them
Whether it's animals eating grass
Carnivores eating meat
Animals merely absorbing liquids
But there is also a whole spectrum of energy
The psychic spectrum
Which can be used for energy forces
The Aztecs have found this out
The release of human life
Through massive, massive ritual sacrifice
Can provide an energy level release
That will power technology
That will power psychic technology
The Nazis were working on the same project
And this is the same project
That is even to this very day
Being experimented on in certain levels
In parts of Central America
In Guatemala
In Costa Rica
Where these guerrilla forces
Supposedly clash with government forces
And bodies are left behind
It is not a war for land
It is not a war for territory
The universe right now
Is a war for energy
The energy resources of our universe
Are limited
The life forces are varied
And exist on enormously different levels
And I want to tell you
That we are about way down
In the bottom of the food chain
In the galaxy
And the things that we really should be talking about
Is not the cheap bullet of politics here on earth
Because it doesn't matter
What we should be thinking about
Is the things that threaten us with the world

And the things that threaten us from the outside
The things that manifest themselves
As old flying saucers
Or supersonic Nazi hell creatures
Or Jim Jones
Or anything like that
The point is that there are a lot more scary things out there
Than George Bush
Or Bill Clinton
Or Ross Perot
Or Saddam Hussein
Or Bob Dobbs for that matter
Human anguish
Human anguish is a very high priced drug
Among the elder gods
That's right
Sidemen
The elder gods will pay top dollar
For the right quality of human anguish
The Naywites
And their humanity
вашо вoldnis
ον제�いきborn
Carون
O joystick
Gemini
Deck мед augment the state
And if you can think that Alex
I know what you're talking about
And its certain a scale as you are
Down in the dock, you know where it's at
Throw a party, have a good time
He said his new drink was very wild
He said, side eye, open door
See the coppers in the corner, there's dust on the floor
He's gonna go on the floor and have fun
It's a house, six to the bottom
The hideous house is way long
It's a hideous house, it's a house we call
Hideous house is way long
It's a hideous house, it's a house we call
It's a hideous house, it's a house we call
You can never leave
Things going on that you can't believe
To us, our house is next to Nirvana
All of you that don't know music, just say it
Yeah!
Go on, take the joy to the world they see
I'll see you today, this ain't no time
Whoa!
Make it like it's time to leave the line
It's a hideous house, it's way long
It's a hideous house, it's a house we call
Hideous house, it's way long
It's a hideous house, it's a house we call
Hideous house, it's way long
It's a hideous house, it's a house we call
Hideous house, it's a hideous house
Hideous house, it's way long
Get up on the dance floor
Hideous House



Uh-huh, Hideous House
the next song so we can enjoy your your lively antics there this audience member with a double
jointed shoulder blade wow seriously double jointed bizarre looking mutant
great dancer i never saw a shoulder blade man my before you know that's a that's kind of a new one
hey but wait a minute you need to punch that big zit you got on your back though
this really looks bad phylo drumming it's a really nasty white one back there
ah just kidding we better get back because it will be dark soon and they mostly come at night
mostly i need your body as a dwelling place while i am here on your earth where do you
put it you got a hollow leg it exists in almost every city and hamlet in the country
and you must stand united on this and stamp out this frightful assassin of our youth make
our people proud and we will be proud of you and we will be proud of you and we will be proud of you

and we will be proud of you and we will be proud of you and we will be proud of you and we will be proud of you
that is only through enlightenment but this scourge can be wiped out
as charles ford said we are property and the free rent control days of the early universe are over
and what it boils down to is is this planet a paying proposition for the exes can there be
something of value otherwise should we just render it down and bob is the person who can negotiate
the difference as i said it's either a hell stuckies on some side of the intergalactic highway or a
perhaps it is a little green planet of the clocks where the souls of subgeniuses are farmed and
ecologically conserved to feed the elder gods on a rational slow basis earth farm one is what we live
on that's what the x is and that's the best that's the best scenario that's yeah that's the best
possible scenario one of the rvr's all back to the lord no doubt many of you do not believe that
these things do happen but they can be done in the future and i think that's what we need to do and
that's what we need to do and that's what we need to do and that's what we need to do and that cannot happen to you
you may also believe that the facts have been exaggerated
let me tell you of something that happened right here in our own city
all my indicator lights are green watch what you're doing then he saw a flying saucer come down
you know like like on the tv can this be the threshold of inner space
ladies and gentlemen this is our mcdonald douglas mission control room at disneyland spaceport
the director of operations has been
expecting you and while we're waiting for our flight to be called he'll take a few minutes
to describe what's going on at the side post up ahead your next stop
please
very
enfact Mixed
Coverage
We negatively impact thethe politicalPLUS

and in the community
Humanx
Enoughstick
More solutions

with
remote
communications
facilities
physical
functions
and how to use it
in a room with a view.
A waffler acts stupid
and makes you feel bad.
She has big chance
and the deuce looks bad.
Of course,
you respect her
and your marriage won't front.
As long as she puts out
and you come home drunk.
She thinks you're garbage
and you think she's scum.
You'll both be content
if your marriage is calm.
You don't understand, Bob.
The very well-fabricated universe
that we know
might just rip open.
It's an elite corps.
I know we can't let
too many people understand, Bob.
But there is a space
on the X's saucer
for those who will study the tome.
And open your heart to Bob.
And those that have
as well as your wallet.
There's also a space
on that same saucer
for people that do have
a regular subscription
to the Star Crystal removal.
It's a fan club
for people who aren't fans.
It's kind of like
a Manchurian candidates club.
We also have space
for you pink boys
that do not know Bob
from Genetic.
In the hold.
It's like a Manchurian
candidates club.
You know, at some point
there will be, oh,
the pain signal will come
and all the subgenie
will arise
and do their evil bidding
for Bob.
Yes.
The little quasar pulse
dialed right behind
my left ear here
is telling me
that no boy needs to be saved.
It's not very like
clocking you're under control.
That's right.
Jesus is coming back, folks.
But he's really pissed
about us
mailing him up on the cross.
And he's got an AK-47!
And he's firing it
with boxing gloves, too.
And he's got an AK-47.


He's got the burned out
rank corpse of Jim Jones
standing next to him
for a captain.
We have exhumed
the body of Leonard Skinner.
Pumped up on amphetamines,
useless as they may be
on his corpse.
But stigmata shining
through the boxing gloves.
Just for the festivities,
we have pumped
Jim Jones' body
full of methamphetamines.
Oh, Bob,
that would be
the place to write.
Yes, step right up, folks.
Step right up
and take a shot
at the planet Earth.
Look, Mommy,
what's wrong with that man?
Step right up, folks,
and take a shot
at the planet Earth.
How about you, son?
You look like you want to
you're a good shot.
Step right up here
and take a shot
at the planet Earth.
I'll take a shot
at the planet Earth.
I'll take a shot.
Step right up.
Now, just put this
atomic cannon in your hand
and step back
and pull the trigger.
Jeez, this is like Nintendo.
What if I turn around
and fire it blindly
into the crowd?
Wouldn't it be
a kind of a...
What if I take the gun
from that boy
and shoot this lady?
And after...
Blam, blam!
Die, die!
We hope to welcome you all
tonight
to the fervid
celestial spoutings
of the inner
epochs
and clockwork
workings of the church.
But this task
will not be easy.
The fruits
of the subgenius plant
are not as cordial
to the taste
as others may be.
Kind of
mucilaginous paste.
But it's easy
to become
tangentially twisted
along precarious paths
that have nothing
to do with the straight
and true direction
of our search.
We are born
with the Dobbs nature.
Original non-sins,
you might say,
but its own brow
beaten out of us
by relentless conspiracy
slavery reinforcement
from which not even
the most conscientious
parent can shield us.
You think putting
your child
in an expensive
private school
will keep the blatant
behavior modification
training of the public
schools off his or her
little back?
What a joke!
At small private schools
the con simply has
more control.
At least in public school
the chaos spawned
by overcrowding
and drugs
and immorality
gives the kid
a chance to experience
the all-important
juvenile delinquency
that is the closest thing
the U.S. has
to an initiation right,
the importance of which
has been proven
by every primitive
society on Earth.
The goal of any subgenius,
besides
SLACK,
is to somehow live
until 1998
when he or she
will be changed
into what might as well
be a superhero
possessed of mental
and bodily powers
practically unknown
to man today.
If you cleave to Bob
you will see
magic
come to pass
in your life.
You're a hero witness!
I have a testimony!
Huh!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
I've been all my life
one of those dues paying
subgenius who paid their dues
by knowing what I was missing.
Preach it!
Then one day
I saw a bumper sticker
that Dobbs had
back in my life
after many years
and I put that bumper sticker
upon it










right in my car.
What's this gonna' do?
you say.
Well first it carried
a message to me.
Pull the wall
over your own eyes.
Well!
What's this going to bring?
I ask myself.
I tell you it
tilted the luck plane
right in my direction
as far as my car
was concerned.
Now one time
You'd say one time
I parked the car.
Two hours
over the line






do cars in front of me cars in back of me when i return i'm going i'm going to have a ticket too
but there was bob pipe in his mouth smiling at me and no parking ticket
hallelujah thank you reverence
guaranteed not to rotate your armpits hello what do subgenies believe happens after death that's
the afterlife obviously i prefer the before life it's just one of the don't sound very excited
yeah but you know that's all that's about it we just have the answers to every problem in the
world you get to meet mickey mouse see look at the field look on your view monitor here you see
mickey mouse dancing around well you get to meet people like that well i think brain well i think
we answered this guy's question we do have a color waiting here on line number 660. oh my god they're
lighting up all over the board 666 you're on the air yeah you did i see jehovah one a lot scarier
than the other one
before boy i've seen jehovah one looking so scary i say 666 and he puts on these little dancing
bodies yeah right oh no no i'll let you be disturbed by the bodies of the show and the
moment that you cease and desist of the many of the ladies before you become deceased
they can't run very fast underwater those imbeciles
we are swimming in treacherous waters
that little doggy has a arm in it
i
taken care to finish her injuries smoothly in order that she may not be disdained by snobs
who look down upon all the most primordial art that's not what i meant not i must however
all of the british people's respect for such ancient carvings which they at least cemented
into the walls of stables and barns unlike the continentals who destroyed them because they
were remnants of our ancestral paganism britain therefore is the possessor of the greatest antique
antiquities of all Europe, for there the gods of our ancestry were not strangled, as in
almost every other country in Europe. And here beneath this benighted tumulus, I have
found the withered ancient volume of celestial lore, which I shall use to open the gates
to bring in...
No! No!
...Yargosh Grafom from the other side of the cosmos.
No, not Grafom! I've seen enough!
You got the Grafo graphics?
Fuckin' hell!
We've got Grafos coming up in a minute.
It's time for Grafos Jabosky, the wonderful wild world of wrestling expert that'll bring
you the latest in sports trivia.
Hey, look, it's Grafos!
Oh, terrible!
Being in the United States, specifically in the cultural Siberia of California, where
entertainment and football are the acme of spiritual interest, I have been reduced to
the status of an unknown and unneeded man, whereby, due to my poverty, I cannot travel,
even to Mexico, to gather and investigate the appropriate materials personally. But
I persist in my line of arcane scholarship and abstruse research.
And I have found the secret behind everything.
It's...
Wait, that's...
Quick, follow the secret!
Follow the secret!
Give this man air. He's having a stroke.
A stroke of bad luck, I see.
Those strokes feel so good.
Ah, don't they, though? Yes, they do.
Well, that was some KPFA with Dr. Howell, G. Gordon Gordon, Gary Brogfran, Father Joe
Mama, and Puzzling Evidence. Before that, Reverend David, live at Starwood. It's all
true, too. Before that, KPFA with Dr. Howell. Before that, KHSU, the subgenius show over
there. Over there, the place that's not the place to write to for special free information
and general free information from the Church of the Subgenius. That number to write to?
Send a self-addressed stamped envelope if you want us to be quick about it.
That's Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214, which adds up to 23, which reminds
me that...
Bob.
As Pope Bob says here in Nature's God, the Catholic wears a Catholic mask at all times.
Just look at the Neapolitan whores with crucifixes around their necks. The Protestant also cannot
remove the Protestant mask, et cetera. The most comic of all, the rationalist tries
to wear the mask of reason, even when everybody else can see he is in the grip of a furious
passion.
There is no complete answer.
theory of anything. The damnable habit of giving children examinations in which every question has
a true or false answer has conditioned us to think everything in the universe is true or false.
In experience, most things emerge out of chaos, confuse and muddle us for a while,
and vanish into uncertainty again before we know what they were or if they're coming back.
The world is a phalanx of maybes in which a handful of truths and falses can occasionally be found.
We create our masks as God allegedly made the world out of nothing.
In both cases, the nothingness sometimes shines through.
The function of law and theology are the same,
to keep the poor from being the same.
Taking back by violence what the rich have stolen by cunning.
The function of law?
The recitation of the unintelligible by the unscrupulous to empty the purses of the unwary.
The function of theology?
The recitation of the incomprehensible by the unspeakable to pick the pockets of the unthinking.
If lawyers had been present on Mount Sinai, the Ten Commandments would have 1,200 amendments
all summing together.
To the conclusion, the rich may ignore these rules,
the poor will be hanged if they violate the smallest subordinate clause.
If carpenters had the ethics of lawyers, our chairs would all fall apart.
If plumbers had the ethics of priests, everything would leak,
but that would be called miraculous moisture.
I never fully appreciated plain men who talk straight and do honest work until I built my own cabin.
There is no law in nature and therefore no bribery or corruption.
There are no priests there and therefore no sinners.
A thousand miles from man and history I can see that nature is cyclical, meaningless and without morality or malice.
Original sin did not enter the world through disobedience but through imagination.
It was the work of the ancient priest who wrote Genesis.
Before that, men and women were innocent…
innocent and shameless as my friends the wolves.
A politician is a mask with greed behind it.
A priest is a mask with the will to power behind it.
The secret of political and priestly power?
Never realize what kind or kinds of idiot you are.
The secret of wisdom?
Discover every type of idiot you are, overlooking none.
The one you overlook
is the one that will create your major disasters.
A merchant buys things as cheaply as possible and sells them as expensively as possible,
but the things have some worth or nobody would buy them.
A priest sells non-existent things and extorts every penny he can get.
Therefore, the merchants are the more honorable profession.
Ah, yes, dear friends, a little bit of philosophy there.
From Nature's God, the Historical Illuminatus Chronicles, Volume 3, which is out now.
By the way, for those of you who read the first two volumes of Pope Bob Anton Wilson,
really, really quite entertaining and educational books.
Most of them are not like those strange diaries of Sigismundo Selim, as the character is called.
And yes, dear friends, I suppose we're slowly but surely coming to an end.
We're almost at the end of another hour of slack.
It's so sad that slack only lasts an hour or so.
But on the other hand, I'll probably have more after I leave.
Stay tuned, of course.
And in the meantime, let's see, what can we take ourselves out with?
I know!
The power! The power!
Let's see it.
That day we met my soulmate The Lord.


This day and our fullness.
Every daily,less thancio soul has followed every young man down.
An anciente guill귀,hammering the U jullie,
отрания hiçbirimi senses,
ebrigas hiçbirimi senses,
This is from the Juggernaut album.
Thank you.
