Howdy there, Bob. How you feeling?
Oh, now, Bob.
Well, now, if you're so anxious to help Crow-Bait Bob,
why don't you go out and pay some of his bills around town?
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
Well, I'd suggest that you get a room at the Dodge House and think about your sins.
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
Well.
Well, you know, I kind of think old Crow-Bait Bob might approve of that.
From PR News in Washington, I'm standing on the world stage,
armed with metal bars and sticks, meeting with Mexenese, Chiken, and Russianese, Japanese.
PR reports that Reporting Reports is an Illusional Attorney,
and Family members did not fully understand PR News.
Shut down the PR News TV network to prove it's fighting with Katjipt.
Witnesses known to have severe mental illness say the government mob announced that this is PR News.
Oh, yes, dear friends, and this is hour of Slack number 1690.
It's not a rerun.
I should be getting Tarzan's radio studio in the mail next week.
I wish I could.








I could get Princess Wee with it, but she has to stay in Ohio for now.
And meantime, I'm using Boy's radio station and a lot of recordings by a lot of other subgeniuses, such as this one.
I'm using Boy's radio station and a lot of other subgeniuses, such as this one.
I'm using Boy's radio station and a lot of other subgeniuses, such as this one.
I'm using Boy's radio station and a lot of other subgeniuses, such as this one.
I'm using Boy's radio station and a lot of other subgeniuses, such as this one.
Raindrops and roses and whiskers on bums.
Dried copper kettles and warm silken scum.
Vestic of the sun.
Vestigal remnants from odor of dung.
Vestigal remnants from odor of dung.
Marby Spectacled.
Hog rigs.
Zodiac.
The film from the face he has sprung.
Vestigal remnants from odor of dung.
Odor of dung.
Odor of dung.
Odor of dung.
Odor of dung.
Ah, yes.
Yes, that was The Odor of Dung by none other than the Rudy Schwartz Project from their new album Postal Code for Ham.
Before that, we heard L'Emeur and PR News and titles and so on.
And now, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
One of the things that bothers me is that people think that there has to be something.
Something so amazingly powerful and wonderful up there looking after us, taking care of us, smiting our enemies, rewarding us with manna and good deeds.
But at the same time, it bothers me that nobody seems to realize that there is something up there that is more powerful, more amazing, and more incomprehensible.

Than any of these so-called deities.
It's the universe.
And let's face it, the universe is a very singular place.
It's a place where a very simple molecule of gas.
Spend a little time changing itself into clouds and stars.
And galaxies and solar systems and planets and.
Dare we say it, life and life evolved to reach a point at which.
Somewhere in this vast universe, there is a life form that has evolved with enough faculties and abilities and mental acuity.
To realize that the universe is amazing.
Enormous.
Fantastic.
Incomprehensible.
But wonderfully entertaining.
And that's what we need to realize.
The universe has created us.
So we can appreciate the universe for what it is.
That's the only reason we're here, folks.
So just enjoy.
Sit back.
Relax.
And be.
Entertained.
Just.
Is this thing loaded?
I don't think it's loaded.
One way to find out.
Look, I need that book.
I mean, I want the book.
And you.
But if you make me choose.
I'll kill you.
I'll take the book.
Why? Why do you want it?
I grew up with it.
I know its power.
And if you read it, then so do you.
That's why they burned them all after the war.
Just staying alive is an act of faith.
Building this town is an even bigger act of faith.
But they don't understand that.
None of them.
None of them have the right words to help them, but the book does.
I admit.
I've had to do things, many, many things.
I hate to build this, I confess that.
But if we have that book, I wouldn't have to.
I imagine.
Imagine how different, how right it is.
It's just this little world could be if we had the right words for our faith.
Well, people would truly understand why they're here and what they're doing,
and they wouldn't need any of the ugly motivations.
It's not right to keep that book hidden away.
It's meant to be shared with others.
It's meant to be spread.
Is that what you want?
With all my heart and soul.
I always believed that I'd find a place where this book,
where it belonged, where it was needed.
I haven't found it yet.
I love this guy.
I love this guy.
Shoot him, please.
Ah, yes, and that was from a movie called The Book of Eli,
but they were describing the book of the subgenius.
And now for a short story, kids.
This is called The War Between the Futures.
See if you can guess who wrote this, old timers.
There was a limitless number of ways to imagine the future,
but only a few of them come to pass.
The most likely futures, the ones that make sense and are self-consistent,
become realer than the unlikely ones that are nonsensical or silly.
There is a very likely future in which humans have become immortal,
and have developed the ability to make their every wish come true.
Because they were able to do or have anything they wanted the moment they wanted it,
they became dreadfully bored,
and suffered awfully from listlessness and ennui.
They learned how to swap bodies with each other just for fun.
And after thousands of years had swapped bodies so many times,
they had no idea which body was theirs originally.
The people of this effete elite future became so desperate for amusement
that they created devices to see into other futures, timelines parallel to their own.
One of the other most likely futures was a post-apocalyptic
Warriors of the Wasteland future,
in which people drove around an endless desert in cars with plastic domes and ductwork stuck on the outside,
or huge trucks with a huge truck.
Trucks crazily frankensteined out of half a dozen other trucks,
with whole heavy metal bands on them, howling and shooting things up.
In between driving around howling and shooting things up,
they had plenty of time to work on their purple mohawks,
or build exotic weapons out of hand tools and farm implements.
And did they ever stink!
My God, you would not believe the smell.
When the effete elite future discovered
the Warriors of the Wasteland future,
they were shocked and appalled.
They took its existence as a personal affront.
It insulted their dignity to acknowledge that such a lowbrow, tasteless,
and unrefined future could possibly dirty up the continuum with its filthiness.
They resolved that it must be abolished.
The effete elite finally had something to do.
They created magnificent death machines
that looked like gloriously gorgeous angels,
which split open down the front to expose a thousand fantastic weapons of destruction.
The effete elite sent them through portals into the Warriors of the Wasteland future,
and the carnage was astonishing.
What the effete elite did not reckon with
was that carnage was meat and drink, milk and honey,
to the Warriors of the Wasteland.
To them, brutal savage warfare was a mere pastime.
The right of adulthood was simply to go out and murder someone
in the most startling way you could think of.
Torture was to them a form of humor,
and the most admired persons were those who could keep a victim barely alive
but in incredible pain for as long as possible.
In short, the effete elite didn't know what they were up against.
The Warriors of the Wasteland quickly learned to defeat the elite's magnificent death machines
and then to capture them.
They set their wise ones to work,
who wizened monkey-like folks with straggling gray locks and spectacles
that had a dozen interchangeable lenses of wonderful shapes and colors.
And before long, the warriors were rampaging down the broad avenues
of the effete elite's lovely dreamlike cities,
messing stuff up and making all sorts of noise.
They even killed people, lots of them, in the most insulting ways.
Then they created imaginative displays of the mangled remains
which offended every sense simultaneously.
Clearly, there was nothing to do but escalate.
The effete elite contacted other futures, tasteful and elegant futures,
and enlisted their aid in combating this scourge,
which was of their own making, by the way,
but somehow they failed to see that.
The warriors of the wasteland were ugly and stinky and noisy
and had shocking taste in everything.
But they were not stupid and they learned fast.
So it wasn't long before they too began allying themselves
with all manner of terrible monsters from other futures,
and it was all-out war everywhere.
The result of all this intertemporal and trans-dimensional warfare
was that nobody knew what might happen next
or what unbelievably violent monstrosity might instantaneously appear.
You might be about to dive into the swimming pool
when there before your eyes is an armored vampire whale
with rocket launchers on its back shooting the hell out of everything.
You might be pulling up to the fuel terminal
in your Frankenstein Megadeth super truck
when suddenly an army of beautiful wraiths
rises out of the ground to snatch you up
and shake you into a cloud of glittering dust
and your Frankenstein Megadeth super truck along with you.
It was chaos.
And not good chaos either.
It was terrible chaos.
Eventually things got so crazy that the shockwaves of chaos
passed far into the most distant future,
near the very end of time,
when all sentient beings had combined
into one group mind
which differed from our ideas of God
only in the fact that it had a beginning.
The end of time group consciousness wondered to itself
what in the world those ancient past people were up to.
It created a vehicle for a fragment of its awareness
and sent it way, way back to where all the ruckus was being raised,
said, tut-tut, this will never do,
and set about straightening things out.
In literally no time at all,
everyone was back in the future they came from
with the vague feeling that they were just about to do something,
or that something odd had happened that they could not quite recall.
The end of time group consciousness set up automatic controls
to prevent such a ridiculous thing from ever happening again,
and they shifted the most troublesome futures
to a more remote likelihood.
The most likely future now is the one you are in,
the one that's not extremely exciting
or full of monsters, magic, and destruction.
And that's why sometimes you might have a vague feeling
that you were just about to do something,
or that something odd had happened that you cannot quite recall.
It's to keep us from fighting.
The end.
Friends, that was written by the former subgenius,
formerly known as Orton Nenslow.
And this was published in the book
New Fairy Tales for Old Children
by Kenneth J. DeVries.
And you can find that on Kindle,
New Fairy Tales for Old Children,
published by the Cooke's Museum International University Press,
Kindle edition.
And now this.
So this is an experiment here, right, Dr. Howell?
That's right.
We're just producing a certain cultural signature of X-Day.
This has an interesting flavor.
Yes, one shouldn't easily...
Tastes kind of dreamy.
Just don't speak when...
Tastes kind of blue, too.
Just don't attempt to exhale.
Here it goes.
Just don't breathe out.
If it's blue, is that like blue raspberry?
Icy? Ever had one of those?
To get the raspberry is something we all have to risk.
Oh my gosh.
A blue raspberry, icy.
It's a thing that doesn't exist in nature at all.
Blue is...
Blue ain't the word for the way that I feel.
It's completely artificial.
Yes.
Concocted in a laboratory by crazy...
Flipped out...
By visionaries.
Well, some people say visionaries.
Like Dr. Niemann.
Dr. Niemann.
He was...
Smart maniacs.
Yes.
Yes, sure, smart maniacs.
But maniacs nonetheless.
Well, he had his axe to grind.
His murderous hunchback friend who did most of his dirty work for him.
Then there was Dr. Knox in London who used the services of Burke and Hare, the famous
resurrection men.
And they got in trouble, but Dr. Knox, being of the rich class, got away with everything.
What, Dr. Knox?
Did you say that?
Did I think I heard you say that?
Did what I heard...
Did you hear what I heard?

Yes, I heard what you said.
Yes, you heard it.
And I'm afraid there's no expunging the pellucid pages of history.
Now, you know, these lights are blinding us right now.
Yeah, the special effects is really hard to deal with, you know.
In a little while, when we walk out there, we're going to not be able to see anything.
We're just going to walk in the sides of buildings and cars.
It's like those...
No, no, it's okay.
It's all right.
That meteor shower in the beginning of the day of the...
I think I got a hat somewhere.
Everybody watches.
Yeah, a special hat.
You don't mean a poop dog hat.
Oh, there's your hat.
Okay, right.
No, it's not the poop dog hat.
Not this time.
But, of course...
I left that one at home.
...you're uniquely privileged to see this particular...
That poop's getting pretty old.
Yes, magical wizard poop's...
You know, it turns white after a while.
Uh-huh.
Like the scat of the seagulls.
Why does that happen?
Because...
I think it has more to do with the...





The dog food and the poop.
Aerial spirits tend to cast their leavings in the same fashion.
It's like ashes, exactly.
Like ashes.
Not only that, some people chew it for gum.
Some people who don't have gum.
No, we're talking about different ashes, Doctor.
We're talking about dog poop that turns white.
Oh, not dog poop.
No, nobody chews that for gum.
I wouldn't want to...
Other dogs do.
Well, they might.
But, when I say nobody...
They're a little bit...
They're a little bit complicated.









...aprophagic, you know?
You see, they are so...
A little bit.
...in love with the olfactory world...
Particularly...
...and the intensity of its sensations.
...you know, rabbits.
It's like little nuggets of candy for them.
There's that rabbit, rabbit, rabbit, rabbit.
And when I say them, I mean my dog.
My God's Bigger Than You.
Hoping it's like a more of a...
My God's Bigger Than You.
...worldwide thing, not a unique phenomenon.
But...
Worldwide.
He definitely likes them.
Then you're a Frankenstein death cat.
Loves them.
Dark side.
There's just like a...




...a snack.
Your liver and lights are...
He keeps walking across the yard.
...a kosher, a vulture, a sane doctor.
Scent hits his nose.
I know exactly the face he makes when he smelled bunny turds.
As he loops and larapes out over the countryside...
He gets excited, you know.
...howling, yowling, and drooling, the giant mastiff...
...it's like candy.
...murderously moves forward.
He has the huge, slavering mongrel who cannot be...
...mocked.
Stopped.
Yes, Mr. Holmes, they were the footprints of a gigantic hound.
And, uh, you never killed a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine.
Friend of mine.
Friend of mine.
And that was Dr. Howell, Dr. Philo Drummond from X Day.
And now, Reverend Philo Drummond.
We'll fight, see, Taj and Reverend Fanboy at X Day.
Thank you.
You just reminded me of a letter written to National Lampoon Magazine years ago.
Okay.
It said, the letter, the text of the letter said, and it's entirely, I'm here.
You can't see me, but I'm here.
Signed, a booger.
In the egg salad.
Burger King salad bar.
That was back when Burger King actually had a salad bar.
Remember when all those fast food joints actually had salad bars?
Oh, no.
Yes, I do.
And, uh, now I, in the very early part of stage of life, I put together salad bars for,
for a fast food, for Ponderosa restaurant, if you recall those.
And, uh, yeah, it's, they're not, um, great.
But if you're...
I'm trying to eat more vegetables now, because I'm trying to, I'm trying to be a smaller person.
And, um, you just have to give in at some point and eat the salad bar.
Not the whole salad bar.
I start at one end, and I just keep shoveling in until they either throw me out or salad bar's gone.
It's the cure for salad bars, is to just, uh, eat them until they're gone.
That's what she said.
Ha ha ha.
Thank you, Reverend Fanboy and fight, see, Taj from 21XL.
See you next day and now this.
Bob, stop.
Stop.
Oh, are you hurt?
Bob, Bob.
Finance.
You faker.
Steve, you know what this is, don't you?
It's a time space warp.
Sure, I know exactly what that is.
I don't suppose anybody really does.
We've seen some strange things tonight. Strange creatures that we know don't
belong on our planet. God only knows where they came from.
Jenny and Beth. The vortex took them. Just took them away.
Prophecy Heated is prophecy fulfilled. We all know that. But did you ever give half a moment
to consider what it would be like if Bob did things halfway? What if instead of laughing till
your guts bleed, you just had guts bleed? What if instead of having sex with a beautiful live girl
or anything else, you just had a beautiful live girl? What if instead of having sex with a beautiful

dead girl or anything else, you got a dead girl? What if instead of having sex with a beautiful
live girl or anything else, you got a dead girl? What if instead of the subgenius must have slack,
the subgenius must want, must thirst, and have no slack? You see, it would be a sad day if Bob
was a man of half measures. If he just ate the hamburger. If he gave you pills that were not
necessarily them-kind.
Salvation, 50 cents or 1.5 times your money back?
That's crazy talk.
You don't get a say-so in how Bob does things, and you can thank your lucky stars for that.
But you do get a vote in how you do things.
The only vote.
You can tyrannize yourself, bully yourself to happiness.
Don't let yourself boss yourself around.
Grab yourself by the short hairs and pull.
You can and may be the last subgenius on Mars.
Better start acting like it.
No half measures.
And friends, that sermon of half measures was written by Uncle Dr. Onan Canobite.
See Onan Canobite.
And oh, foe.
I can't remember.
I don't think I ever bought any single.
I think some singles were given to me as gifts when I was much younger, but I don't remember what they were.
I was such a nerdy kid.
The first single I ever bought was Monster Mash, which came out when I was about 10.
And I was thrilled.
And then my brother stepped on the record.
I'll never forget.
But I think the next one I bought was probably a movie soundtrack.
I was such a nerd.
I didn't.
I had no interest in the Beatles or any of that nonsense.
I was strictly into movie soundtrack music.
James Bond movies and the early Sergio Leone stuff.
Marconi soundtracks for those spaghetti westerns.
That's pretty damn nerdy.
You know, the Beatles have just appeared and you don't even know who they are.
Yeah, it's pretty nerdy.
Well, I remember I was in fifth grade the night the Beatles were on Ed Sullivan's show.
And the next day, all the kids are going, oh, my God.
Well, nobody said, oh, my God.
They said.
Did you?

Did you see the Beatles?
And I was like, oh, what?
Bugs?
I don't understand.
God, don't you know anything?
Yeah.
No.
Well, yeah, I knew the names of all 20 known dinosaurs.
That's that's that's hard for people of my generation to imagine as having been revolutionary.
You know what they were doing in 1964 seems so tame by today.
These standards.
They're hot.
Sure.
Really used to not have sad inside new anything you understand that they do and on a basic
how fast things change, you know,
Things really didn't change very much for for thousands of years.
You know, a thousand years ago, you'd have a kid saying, hey, grandpa, what were things
like when you were my age?
And your grandpa is a pretty much like they are now.
If you, Grandpa even was still alive.
And then the industrial revolution happened and things start changing.
It was from Εύαυ permit.






faster and faster. And the rate
of acceleration
of social change
in and of itself is
accelerating, you know?
To the point where...
Then it'll all grind to a halt when the human race
manages to extinctify
itself by wrecking the entire
environment. Yeah, that's a very real possibility.
But we don't know for sure how that's going to work
out. But even... It's not going to be
just like an overnight, everyone's already...
Everyone's suddenly dead. That's not how it's going to work.
It's going to be a thousand years of horror.
Yeah, you know, maybe that's
a thousand years of tribulations.
That might be one thing the authors of the Bible got right.
But you just think about, like,
if you take a hundred-year-old person today
and
ask them about how
they've seen things change over their life,
they probably don't even recognize
the world they live in today.
Oh, yeah, I mean...
And me! Me! Like, I'm not
even 40 yet, and I barely recognize
the world I grew up in anymore.
And...
Holy crap, like, you know...
You know, if I live to be a hundred, or
if, you know, somebody
who's a teenager today lives to be a hundred,
and
things keep changing faster and faster and faster,
like, who wants to live forever?
You're going to be living in an alien world.
Maybe some people might be turned down by that idea.
You know, who
needs intergalactic or interstellar
or interplanetary travel when
you just
wait long enough and you'll be living in an alien world?
The faster things keep changing.
Well, if they ever got cryonics
down well enough,
that would be kind of a kick
if you were trusting enough to believe that
the cryonics company
would always keep
their generators running.
You know what else is a funny thing to me? The history
of futurism.
Oh, God. What is that?
It's sad. It's a real sad history
because the futurists never get it right.
They always miss
really important stuff like the internet.
Yeah, well, you know, it's, yeah, I mean,
every time, you know, you see
depictions of the, either
like, you know, the distant future or the not-too-distant
future, it's always
a reflection of what the people at the time were
thinking when they wrote it.
And then you have the phenomenon of
retrofuturism. That's one of my favorites.
You know?
For example,
the phenomena of
steampunk or dieselpunk.
Uh-huh.
Or, uh,
you know, the ray gun futurism.
Well,
what's always really fun is
to watch a movie, a movie that
was made 50 years ago that takes
place this year.
Or a movie made 30 years
ago that took place three years
ago.
Yeah, they, uh, on the other hand,
there is a science fiction
book called Stand on
Zanzibar that was written in the
60s that
takes place
you know, in
roughly around this time
of this century. And it's
the most accurate when it's like
reading a newspaper.
And I read that, when I read the book
when it came out, it's written by
John Bruner. I think it got a
Hugo.
I remember
thinking, this is such a
nightmarish world, but the people that live
in it will just think it's normal.
And I live in it.
Now,
I'm afraid it is normal.
You know, I'll never...
And it's all on a
pretty tenuous basis because if
the ocean goes
bad, everything's going to follow.
Yep.
You know... I mean, like 90% of all
life on the planet is in the oceans.
Right. And...
People think about, oh, we need to save the trees
for us to have oxygen. But no,
actually, most of the oxygen is coming from the oceans.
Yeah, yeah. I don't... Most people
don't understand how precarious that
situation is.
It's the plankton, you know,
the microscopic
life that's the most vulnerable.
And when you take out the very
lowest level of the food chain,
it
snowballs backwards,
you know. Yeah, you know, there's going to be
some kind of forced adaptive change
in a lot of those microbes, but
you know, we don't know what that's
going to do to their overall biochemistry,
the ones that are still able to survive.
We don't know what kind of
downstream effects
that those changes in their biology are going to have
on the rest of the planet. So it's
going to be weird.
It's going to be a bummer, man.
Yeah, the climate stuff
is already out of control.
That's not going to get
better.
In any foreseeable
future, I can see
as long as we keep
making so many people
and they keep being such greedy
bastards.
Me included.
I'm still driving a car.
I'm not riding bicycles and storing
that. Well, the society
we live in is
it's almost like
I don't know,
you know, 50 years ago you had the choice
of either having high
population density
and great efficiency,
in energy
distribution
or like,
you know, sparse population density
and
extremely low efficiency and energy
distribution. Like that's kind of like the
difference between America and Europe
or like
America and Japan, you know.
But
you know,
as new
technologies emerge to
harness energy,
this could completely change the equations,
but it might be a little too late.
I mean, there's so much that's been done already
that it's going to cause feedback loops
for hundreds of years to come.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that stuff's really unpredictable.
Yeah.
Because I live in a land that's very rich in fossils,
I've learned,
and it's mostly sea fossils.
Yeah.





Mostly under,
from shallow oceans.
I've learned a lot more about
extinction.
Extinction.
Extinction.
Thank you, Dr. Sinister,
for continuing to do your show
Radio Sinesthesia
on WCSB.
And now this.
теlegram.com.

Thank you, puesto.
I won't look bad tonight.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And that was the Psychoskeletons.
Once again, a little ditty called Popular Tight Squeeze.
Quite frankly, when people say politics, I reach for my Dobbs head.
He was insane.
He has a weird, crazy look on his face, much like Bob Dobbs and Chief Wahoo.
I was just about to mention Bob Dobbs as having his origins in something completely unlikely.
Well, I mean, he was born in the Midwest, but I can't tell you which state.
It's not Texas.
But the actual icon that we're all familiar with.
Well, you know, we found a predecessor to it.
It's a photograph.
The classic Dobbs head with the dot pattern that we used.
Originally, the original image is only about an inch high.
It's small.
It was in Yellow Page's clip art book.
And Philo and I both saw it at the same time flipping through this book, and we just knew that was it.
That was it.
But subsequently, about five years ago, somebody found it in an old...
A couple of different old newspapers from a small Virginia town.
They found ads that had the photograph that that clip art was made from.
And it's creepy as hell.
You can superimpose them, and people have done this.
And everything winds up exactly.
There's the white rim around the pipe, the glimmer in his hair.
The big difference is he looks older in the photograph.
And his face looks fuller.
And he looks like a normal human being.
If this is the original Bob Dobbs, you mean to say...
Somehow in the idealized version, he looks more than human.
If this is the original image of Bob Dobbs, are you sure it was from Virginia and not, say, Canada?
No.
And are you sure he didn't have five bodies?
Right, exactly.
No, the only place we've seen any sign of it were these two different...
No.








Newspaper ads.
And they were ads for...
I think one was for a barber shop, and one was for a pipe tobacco store.
Friends, I gotta tell you, there's nothing better than waking up in the morning.
And first thing, look at that smiling face.
Check out that pipe.
Yes, I'm talking about the face of Bob.
Look at that first thing, and you're set for the day.
And you know, friends, a little Dobbs will do you.
Yeah.
Hi, uh, how's it going, Dr. Brujaha?
Overlord Animal! What a surprise!
Yeah, hey, I'm just out here in the wild. I've been adventuring, foraging, if you will.
Me too, I just went to the, uh...
Uh, the Far East Asian Trading Company and Bazaar.
I too went to the dollar store!
Yes, the dollar!
The dollar store!
The gems of the Orient prevail!
I, um...
I found some things today, and they're so amazing.
I got this thing, it's like the head of a bear, and you stick it onto a thing, and then it spits out mist.
Like the kind that you see on the movie Pet Cemetery.
Like fog.
But it's supposed to be able to help you breathe.
So I think it zombifies.
Bears.
It's a bear zombifier.
I think so, I think so.
It makes my sinuses just open right up and ready for bears.
I got a frozen poop maker.
Oh my gosh, you do!
That's, uh, that is gonna be lumpy.
Makes little lumpy logs.
That's, uh...
I think they're supposed to be cartoon worms, but, you know...
Yeah, as opposed to the real worms.
Yeah.
Because you can't get worms in the store.
You can't put them in your...
You can't put them in your freezer either to make frozen...
I mean, you could...
Well, never mind.
You totally could.
I could probably buy a tapeworm at one of those places.
Tape...
Do...
Does tapeworm segments work in frozen drinks?
I don't know!
No, you use it as a stick, a stir stick.
Oh!
You freeze them, and it's like the tapeworm is a great stir stick and appetizer all in one.
A flatworm stir stick.
Like a pretzel rod, but...
But doesn't disintegrate in your drink.
But will make you just want to consume worms.
More and more.
It's much like American television.
Yeah.
It's...
Now available as seen on TV.
Tapeworms!
Tapeworm stir stick stir!
Oh!
Oh, my goodness!
Oh, but there was, uh...
There were, uh, these things that I got.
Most people use them, uh, for, uh, cleaning dishes.
I give...
My cats take them as toys, though.
It's like these cute little sponges in various shapes.
Oh, yeah.
And all.
And also, uh...
What was the...
Oh, and I just wanted to clarify those.
The tapeworms, they're 8-track.
They're not cassette.
Mm-hmm.
It does...
They're, like, not the small cartridges that you would...
Yeah.
Eight cassette tapeworms.
It is an 8-track...
8-track tapeworm.
8-track tapeworm.
Yeah.
Gotcha.
Very, very, very specifically.
Yeah.
This is a...
Like the wide flat noodles.
I got the, uh, narrow mouth spell bottle, uh, strainer.
That's what this is.
It's part of your, your, uh, magical drip system.
Yeah, for when I need to make extractions and whatnot.
And infusions.
Oh, gosh, Dr. Bruja.
I, I wish you could make an infusion for me.
I, uh...
Yeah?
Well, to, to not have to need to go to this magic...
To, to, to this fantastic place to get all these acqui...
To do acquisitions, like, once every season.
I'd rather not.
I'd rather just have them, like, show up on my doorstep.
Yeah, but then you'd have to use those companies that make that one guy really rich and kill whales.
Doesn't every company, like, sacrifice a whale if they want to be good at business, though?
Um...
I thought that was, like, part of the deal.
Like, that's what the Illuminati, like, script says.
Like, you want to be rich in business, you've got to kill a whale!
Well, I mean, if it involves, you know, shipping con...
Container ships.
Yeah.
Full of shipping containers.
Oh!
I...
Going across their hunting grounds.
Then, yes.
Yes, it does.
I got those snack boxes.
A set of snack boxes with, with family snack...
So, it starts with the dad-sized snack box, and the next is the mom-sized snack box,
and the next is the older child...
I'm going to say it was a girl, possibly.
A bob-tailed...
A bob-headed...
A bob-tailed...
Yeah, there was no...
You couldn't see the tail.
It was bobbed.
But the bob haircut as well.
Yeah.
Um, and then there was the small mutant.
And I'm not even sure if it was a child.
It might have just been a very, like, a demure, diminutive, like, an adult that wasn't fully hatched.
Was it...
Well, that's kind of what children are, aren't they?
They're, like, half-hatched adults.
I guess.
I don't...
I don't know.
I just...
I thought, like, you know, kids make a lot of noise, and this box wasn't making any noise at all.
So, I was just like, you know, maybe this is just a small...
A little adult.
It could be.
A very small adult.
You know.
And not even...
Not even necessarily an endodorf, or a dwarf, or a midget, or any of those particular size terms.
But possibly just someone from South America.
Like, in Peru, they're quite not as tall as a lot of people here in this part of North America.
That's only because they starve for their childhood.
Cool!
Okay!
So, I could, like, just not feed kids, and they'll stay tiny?
Yeah.
Forever?
Yeah, that's the reason why I'm...
Oh, my...
Wait, forever, ever?
I mean, you know, they'll stay tiny-ish.
I mean...
I bet if we, like, put a Mount Vesuvius kind of action on it, they would stay tiny forever.
Yes.
Definitely.
If you pom-paid them, they would never get any bigger.
You know, I was going to say, my grandparents, they all starved during, like, the wars and stuff.
So, they're...
They never got to be above 5'4".
Like, they're, like...
So, what's your excuse?
Uh, just...
Bad genes.
I just carry the starvation gene!
It's just...
Yeah.
Well, you know, it's...
Well, like I say, it's...
Oh, they hear that rumble?
Half-hobbit.
Yeah, they're rumbling with the glacier moving by.
Oh, jeez.
Is the glacier calving again?
I think so.
No.
I think so.
Just don't...
Don't yodel.
Yeah.
That tends to create an avalanche effect.
It's...
You know, it really gets going sometimes when the...
Yeah.








...sun shines on it, where the...
It really starts calving, and, like, it groans and screeches and grinds and makes all kinds of crazy noises.
So, that's not just the cat on the outside of your glacier box?
The cat that's hungry and wants some kibble?
Yeah.
The cat is plotting to murder us all.
I, uh...
I'm sorry.
Your cat's nice.
I keep forgetting.
Not everybody has a murder cat.
Yeah.
She's too old and tired to be a murderer.
She's too old and tired to be a murder cat anymore.
Some days.
She used to be, but she's retired from murder catting.
Murder catting.
Murder catting.
Murder catting.
Murder catting.
Thanks to Reverend Anna Mall and Dr. Brouhaha, the subgenius uberwomen of Austin, who just
sit down and whip out a tape now and then.
And now, this.
Just a little while ago, I packed up all my stuff to go to a little campsite with chilly
nights, kind of like the Bohemian Grove, to listen to some acts, some more fictional than
facts, and to take a ride that was long denied.
But my hopes were up.
All but shattered.
Standing in the lurch with my church and Ivan Stank said they'd pass us by, and who
knows why.
At least it isn't raining.
Packed my stuff into my ride.
Been saying my goodbyes.
Go home again.
Naturally.
To think that at 98.
Oh, my God.
And it still is gray.
And subgenii kept with bated breath a vigil of hope and hate.
For a heap of pleasure ships, on which they take a trip.
And by the by, as a last goodbye, blow the earth to little pieces.
Leaving for the stars and a secret destination.
And though the countdown came and went.
No permanent vacation ever came to pass.
Never that unless.
Go home again.
Naturally.
Subgenius forces will abandon planet earth for lives of leisure and endless pleasure.
Why won't we screw?
Why won't we screw?
Big will송.
Com inmates plus grand Otisinga max.
Dont' forget the tastius and�

8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
Oh, that's a big shot.
Oh, that's real nice.
And home again, naturally
Now looking back over the years
When I saw so many views
I remember I said when I joined the rest
That I'd look till they got here
Then at 45 years old
When my brain began to mold
I could understand why the only man
Who I guaranteed salvation
For just 20 bucks
Said he'd let Goldbeard's around
Ships down here I am with wretched hands
And when sooner it'd be finished
Then I'd run some guests
Take off for penitence
And home at last, naturally
We're home at last, naturally
And home at last, naturally
When I saw so many views
I'd look till they got here
Then at 45 years old
I'd look till they got here
And home at last, naturally


I'll find a home for me
And you'll find me
What a good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good
shrink-wrapped product, which is to say, quote, political outsiders are preferable to career
politicians. This is akin to saying you'd like to have a house painter handle your taxes and
your investments because, by gosh, that bastard can paint like a champ. I don't think you were
paying attention, hence the yelling. Or maybe you're one of those other bastards who won't
shut up about, oh, the medical benefits of eating kale or maybe huffing lavender oil.
I have news for you. People have been using lavender oil in whorehouses since the 1500s
and nobody got any healthier. Yes, I know that big pharma are a pack of bandits,
but that fact doesn't invalidate biochemistry. This may all sound like mansplaining,
only most of the bad guys don't.
Biochemists I know happen to be women and also the fact that the universe is
binary as hell, often fatally so. I don't mean it's gendered binary. That's goofy.
The universe has no gender, but it is binary. It is yes and it is no. No, kale will not make
your lymphoma go away. No, lavender oil will not cure you of allergies. No, chlorine and fluoride
properly injected into your body. No, it will not cure you of allergies. No, chlorine and fluoride

will not cure you of any kind. No, chlorine and fluoride will not cure you of any kind. No,

will not hurt you, but yes, drinking raw water will fuck your shit sideways. No, vaccines will
not give you the autism. Yes, chemtrails are just condensation. It pains me that I have to explain
this to a population that used to be space-faring not so long ago.
I shouldn't also have to explain that magic, not stage magic, mind you, but actual magic, doesn't work.
Friday the 13th is just another day.
Mercury in retrograde means nothing at all.
There is no undocumented person's crisis, and there never really was one,
nor was there a credible terrorist threat after noon of September 11th, 2001.
You are told that all these things are true by people who have a vested interest in having you believe anything other than actual reality.
Sometimes not directly.
You may have, in fact, been told that huffing essential oils is a thing by some other hippie,
but,
that hippie heard it from somebody else.
Gwyneth Paltrow, maybe, for obvious reasons, or maybe the Koch brothers for totally different reasons, or maybe,
probably, both.
The reason this sort of crap is easy to sell to otherwise intelligent people is that it rewards the receiver in three ways.
One, they get to know more than you and tell you what, without all the bother of going to medical school.
Two, they get to feel like an insider, like one of the cool people, the privileged few that know the real truth.
More to the point, they can congregate and get validation off of each other.
Number three, they can sneer at the mundanes who still believe in penicillin and other actual functional things.
This is why I hate you.
This is why I should be allowed to walk around with you.
This is why I should be allowed to walk around with a two-foot dildo with reality written on it, thumping hipsters.
Yeah, beaten to death with a dildo sounds awful, when the police have to explain what happened to precious Dakota or Scout or whatever Gen X named their kids,
but there really isn't any choice.
When looked at from altitude, it's clearly self-defense.
I mean, just look at you, people.




And friends, that was a rant by the good Reverend Roger called, that's not how any of this works.
Thank you, good Reverend Roger.
And thank you, dear listeners, for putting up with this hour of slack.
Praise Bob.
If you need more information about the Church of the Settlement, please contact me at the address on the screen.
You can visit subgenius.com once this comes, or individual contributors, you can look at subgenius.com.
There's a radio section at the top.
It has a radio page that leads to logs and text of everything that's on the show.
And it also has downloadable MP3 copies of well over a thousand previous episodes.
hours of Slack. I think pretty soon we're probably going to have literally all of the
hours of Slack available for download, free for a limited time. Because friends, we are thinking of
starting to charge for hour of Slack downloads. A buck a show? Five bucks a show? I don't know.
We'll see. We'll see how that works. Because we don't really make money off of this radio show.
It's free advertising on several wonderful public supported and independent radio stations.
But it doesn't support us. You can help. If you look at subgenius.com, the homepage and the radio
page.
Both have little buttons that lead to donations. Yes, you can donate. You can have it set up an
automatic monthly donation. One buck a month. 500 bucks a month. 500 bucks a day. A penny a day.
Well, actually, you probably can't do that. But yeah, subgenius.com if you really want to help.
Praise Bob. Praise Bob. Praise Bob. Praise Bob. Praise Bob. Praise Bob.
Okay, friends on the internet, where I can flog or swag legally. If you want to help yourself
and the Church of the Subgenius and get a pretty cool package with like 25 different nifty things
in it, like pins and bumper stickers and a real preacher card, you need to go to subgenius.com
and click to become a minister.
And if you want to get involved, you just need to go to the Subgenius.com website and click on

And as I said in the beginning, you get to see photos and a list of all the stuff you get.
And you really do get to go to the Scrub Genius Forum, which is members only and where we talk in
ways that people don't talk on Facebook.
Much, much smarter ways, ironically enough. Isn't that funny?
We also have things like T-shirts and damn near everything you can think of with Bob's face on it.
That and a huge selection of other subgenius graphics.
And we sell several very weird DVDs and CDs of the Bob songs and old MP3 stashes of this show.
And best of all, from our main online store, you can buy the Book of the Subgenius, which is by far the greatest thing we've ever done.
It's an actual Simon & Schuster book, 22 bucks, in print for over 30 years.
And every copy that we send out is signed by yours truly.
For that matter, your address on the puffy envelope is handwritten by me also.
Keep my fingers nimble.
That's subgenius.com.
And remember, it's only money.
