How he said that King Solomon in all his glory was not as beautiful as the lilies of the field.
And I know you won't forget, judge not lest she be judged, because I explained that to you.
And then the good Lord went on to say,
Beware of false prophets which come to you in sheep's clothing,
but inwardly they are ravening wolves.
Ye shall know them by their fruits.
Amen.
Sure, they tortured us.
Sure, they bugged us about selling out to the conspiracy.
And look at them now.
Yeah, let's give them a big hand, friends.
Yes, that's what happens when you sell out with the...
The Genius.
Our own.
Oh, fuck.
How much have you heard? Just what I told you over the phone?
Just what you told me over the phone.
Um, Ken, and tipped him off.
There's something weird about these guys. You have to check them out.
You have to find out what's about it.
The next day is the NPR call.
And he sends out, he has people check all the websites.
They go through and they pull out all the hate quotes.
They make them into a report.
They send it to the chief of the police and the manager of public works.
The city manager.
The city manager.
This is great. We have been, we have been restrained.
We have received prior restraint for the content of our speech.
And we weren't even going to make that statement.
Now, nobody believes it. Nobody believes it.
I tried to explain it to my sister last night.
Nobody believes it. There's actually laws against that.
Right.
There's actually laws against, like, prior restraint based on content of speech.
If they said we were noisier than other bands, which we're noisy,
but I don't think we're noisier than the headbangers they have there every week.
But, uh...
The king of Iraq is here.
Well, as the, uh, the fellow that came to our high school
and spoke to our military school from Russia said,
we too have freedom of speech in Russia.
It's just freedom after speech we don't have.
Welcome to...
Welcome to...
Welcome to...
Welcome to...
Welcome to...
Welcome to...
Welcome to the live.
It's beautiful!
First, I'd like to thank you all for coming here. My name is Friday Jones. I am the person who set up this event.
And I'm Ronnie Friday!
And I'm sorry that I brought you all out here on a cold night for nothing.
As you probably have heard, on Tuesday, somebody made a little call in to National Public Radio
and made a little joke about the Church of the Subgenius being connected with the Trenchcoat Mafia,
even though we're a bit too old for that. At least most of us are.
And the owner of the Middle East heard it, was told about it. He started getting calls from across the country.
He felt that there was really bad vibes about it.
Basically, it came down to, we must censor you in the name of free speech.
Is what it came down to, and that we could not have a performance there.
The ACLU is the only one that can do that.
The ACLU kindly provided us with this location.
It's a gorgeous location, really.
At the last minute. We set it up, we did everything.
It seems though, that a certain political figure,
on the day before the call to National Public Radio,
got a tip that the Church of the Subgenius is an evil hate cult,
and that he should investigate us.
He, you know, is like, well, reads the website,
well, I don't know, the next thing you know,
the next day is the call to National Public Radio.
He says, there must be something to this.
He writes, he goes through all of sub-site,
and he picks out all the hate quotes.
He cuts out all the comedy stuff, but he picks out every bit of hate.
The hate stuff isn't comedy.
What would happen if he went through the Bible, and only showed the hate stuff?
How old would he have been at the time?
That's interesting.
But where do people come from back then?
This is Amartya Palani today.
She's my cousin, my family.
And she's my granddaughter.
KELI RAHMAN'S carnevi can't be heard anymore.
having a meeting at the Middle East in Kangaroo.
So I said, oh my goodness.
I said, well, better tell Joseph and Nabil,
you know, they should check into it.
So I called him up.
I didn't get Joseph or Nabil,
I got their answering machine.
And I said, got a call that somebody's brother in Florida
saw this stuff on the internet
about some group you were having on Friday.
Okay, I did not tell them to cancel anything.
I told them to look into it.
I said, look into it.
Okay, so the next thing I heard about it,
this, if I recall this correctly,
I got the information.
There are people listening to this right now
who are working on new divivals
on the West Coast.
And there'll be times when you'll think,
oh gosh, I'm going to have to make three trips
to the airport to pick everybody up.
Or you'll say, gosh, the roof in the club is leaking.
Darn it.
Well, it couldn't be worse than what happened to me.
Now could it?
What are the odds that the club will throw you out
and censor you?
And if you found another place,
what are the odds that the people there
would start getting weird harassing phone calls
and throw you out as well?
And what are the odds that the cops will show up
and be perfectly nice
and illuminate your divival with their spotlights?
And what will be the odds of a paddy wagon showing up,
idling outside on the curb,
and then driving away?
And what are the odds that the cops will show up

and then start to attack you?
What are the odds of it being worse for you
than it was for me?
Friday Jones, official church martyr
of the Subgenius Foundation.
And I hope that that diversity includes diversity of ideas.
Now, I only have three minutes,
so I have to go through this quickly.
A local promoter in the area invited the Subgenius Foundation
to hold an event at a public Cambridge venue this past Friday.
Now, for those of you who don't know,
the Subgenius Foundation is sometimes called
the Church of the Subgenius.
Mr. Dreyfus, what item on the agenda are you speaking to?
I'm speaking to the mission statement of the city council.
This is...
It's not an item on the agenda, Mr. Dreyfus,
I regret to say.
Um...
What?
Uh...
It's not an item on the agenda, boys and girls and ghouls.
Ah, ha, ha.
Well, of course, we had a wonderful Boston revival.
As you can tell from this, um...
Uh...
The Boston Globe article,
the Church of the Subgenius won't be meeting tonight.
It's not because the music and performance collaborative
doesn't have religion about making a Boston appearance.
Rather, it's feeling the impact of a stupid joke.
One of the members of the National Subgenius Foundation
made a crack during an appearance on NPR
about being aligned with the Trenchcoat Mafia,
the group associated with the Colorado school shootings.
The church felt immediate fallout.
The reference included a pitch for tonight's scheduled show
at the Middle East in Cambridge.
And about a dozen people called the club to protest,
obviously not getting the joke.
One of the owners of the Middle East canceled the show,
but couldn't be reached for comment.
That leaves local subgenius promoter and artist Friday Jones
without a venue and a lot of expenses.
The event could be called weird, but not dangerous.
The show is a combination of humorous preaching,
rant-off, and music.
If those two boys had been part of the subgenius,
they wouldn't have done what they did.
Dear friends, and what they did.
Oh, what they did.
Friends, them, well, all we can say is them asses,
as Dr. Legume said, them asses have spoken.
The masses have spoken,
and the masses have spoken.
And we have seen Falwellian and PC fascism and stupidity
combine in a failed attempt to silence Bob.
And their excuse was that they were protecting free speech.
What catch did you say that was, friends?
Oh, friends, we saw people in city councils deliberately making us,
making the fellow city council folks think we're some kind of Nazi kooks
without giving us an opportunity to correct these things.
Oh, friends, but it's a wonderful,
and yet somehow, somehow, friends, we won.
As Dr. Legume said, we snatched a brown nugget,
a dingleberry of victory from the diseased, desiccated hole of defeat.
The very butt of defeat, friends, and, ah, ah, yes.
Thank you, Einstein Secret Orchestra.
Now back to the documentary in progress.
The subgenius is best described as an artistic movement
with its own particular philosophy and style of expression.
Someone in the city or someone outside of the city
didn't like the content or that style of expression,
and two days before the event, our venue was canceled,
citing phone calls, local pressure, and political pressure.
As best we can tell,
smears, rumors, and even callers from out of state were disappointed in this,
and it may have only been two or three people behind all of this.
We have no idea.
Hey! Hey!
A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit.
Neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.
Wherefore, by their fruits, ye shall know them.
Well, now, what's it to be, Lord?
Another widow?
How many's it been? Six?
Twelve?
I just remembered.
You say the word, Lord.
I'm on my way.
You always send me money to go forth and preach your word.
A widow with a little wad of bills hid away in a sugar bowl.
Lord, I am tired.
Sometimes I wonder if you really understand me.

Not that you mind the killings.
Your book is full of killings.
But there are things you do hate, Lord.
Perfume-smelling things, lacy things, things with curly hair.


Oh, it's right in front of me.
Oh, it's right in front of me.
I know that you're trying to get me out of this.
You're trying to get me out of this.
Oh, that's right.
You're trying to get me out of this.





We're videotaping the debacle for the record.
Well, this is him.
Yes, right there.
We got to get these freedom of speech advocates reined in.
They want to do things like, well, for the children.
For the children.
We must...
I mean, what good is freedom of speech...
You know, for the children.
...if children are going to die?
If we would just eliminate the free speech, less children would die.
And if we didn't have to listen to the children either,
I'd let them have a chance to say a word.
We're thinking of putting together a protest here,
maybe getting the whole group to chant,
Stop Freedom of Speech.
Stop the chants.
Stop Freedom of Speech.
Stop this chant.
Stop this protest.
Stop the chants.

We had the paddy wagon.
You can't say paddy wagon in Cambridge.
No, you can't say paddy wagon.
It's a multiple offender transport vehicle.
Okay, that's Irish bashing, not paddy wagon.
Non-Irish American felon transportation device.
That's right.
It's suspected felon transportation, multiple felon.
Multiple suspected felon transportation.
Okay.
Now, I came down here because I heard there was going to be a protest
about this internet hate group, the Sub-G, Sub-Dinia, something like that.
And I'd always really wanted to meet a hate group in person
because I've heard so much about them.
Well, the only hate group is the city.
Not the Sub-Gs or anything, but just hate groups in general.
And I'm here, and I hear they're around, but I mean, everybody seems to be totally lost.
Well, the city council only lives a few blocks from here.
Oh.
Maybe they're the hate group.
What's happening?
I don't know.

It's a genius.
It all started way back when, when some busy little person down in Florida,
no, not that person down in Florida, somebody else,
didn't like some things they saw on a Sub-Genius website.
So they called up the friend of a friend who happened to be the ex-mayor of Cambridge
and said he should check it out.
And the very next day, somebody else in Florida,
called into National Public Radio and made a few little analogies
between the Trenchcoat Mafia and the Holocaustal movement of the Church of the Sub-Genius.
Thanks a lot for your call.
Thank you, Ray.
Erin joining us from Seattle.
Joe's next in Tallahassee.
Hi, Joe.
Hey, Ray.
Clearly the parents were involved in this, in that they aided and abated their children
into getting the information that got them on this website.
It's called the Trenchcoat Mafia.
It's a wayward path.
They bought them the computer.
The kids didn't buy the computer.
The kids went through the Internet unsupervised.
They got hooked up with this, what's called a Holocaustal SAC.
It was on their links page before that was taken down.
But the Holocaustal page is still up there on the Internet.
And it all talks about exterminating the normals and killing the pinks.
And it's a big thing about pipes and pipe bombs and trisexuals and this sort of stuff.
Any parent would see it and know that it's bad news.
And yet, you know, with bartenders,
if they see someone that's drinking a lot, they can go ahead and be liable for that.
It seems to me that parents clearly should have a responsibility
when they get hooked up with these far-flung cults.
Like, I mean, even the name, the Holocaustals.
I mean, doesn't that tell you something?
And this is all part of that Church of the Subgenius thing,
which is a big deal about, you know, superior mutants and supporting deviant behavior.
And now we see the ultimate tuition of that, don't we?
When people behave this way.
That the extreme behavior that can come out of it.
And people are responsible.
It seems to me that the parents have a clear responsibility in this regard.
But I guess, Joe, the question is, where does it go?
Where do we cross boundaries from simply feeling that they're responsible,
deciding that morally they're responsible, to where they can land up in court?
Well, society-wise, I think we need to kind of ask ourselves,
is entertainment and freedom of speech worth, you know,
basically getting people killed?
This whole Holocaustal thing, they're still going full force.
They still have their web pages up.
They're having a divival this weekend in Boston.
Right this weekend, the bodies aren't even cold in the graves.
And they're having some big, what they call a divival.
Friday, I think it is, at some restaurant, the Middle East or whatnot.
And they celebrate this type of stuff.
To them, it's funny.
And people just stand by and, oh, well, we can't do anything about that.
Well, if we can shut down, you know, the whole thing, we can do it.
We can stop, you know, KKK people from wearing hoods.
Why can't we stop people who are advocating the same type of behavior,
which is lynching and killing people, from plying their craft?
Who wants to talk to Joe?
Well, I'll respond in one way.
Joe, you obviously know a lot about this cult
and some of these things you've been talking about than I do.
I haven't heard of these things.
And it sounds horrifying by your description.
I'm not sure I know enough to sort of concur in all of your characterizations.
But I do want to say I agree with you about this.
I don't believe the First Amendment, the right to freedom of speech,
which is a very important foundation of liberty in this country.
But I don't believe it means that people bear no responsibility for the things that they say.
The things that they post on a website, the films and videos that they produce.
And the things that those productions might prompt someone else to do.
I don't think it's right morally.
I don't think it's right morally to say they have no responsibility.
And I don't even think it's right legally to say they have no responsibility.
There's a very interesting case that's working its way toward the United States Supreme Court
about the liability of a Boulder-based publication that published a hitman manual
that was used by an assassin to kill a woman and her son.
And I think that's going to put before the court this very important question.
The First Amendment means not only that you have a right to speak,
but a right to be altogether free.
And whether free from the consequences of speaking, I don't think you do.
And I don't think the court will say that you do.
And Joe brought up a lot of different things.
Some of which I've heard of and some of which I haven't heard of.
But the Church of the Subgenius, there's not a lot of harm in them.
It's more a joke than anything it calls itself.
The world's only admittedly for-profit, non-tax-deductible religion.
And it's more a spoof than anything else.
Joe, thanks a lot for your call.
You call 19 dead high school students a joke?
That's funny to you?
Why, you, we ought to...
The fools, the blind fools.
It's all just propaganda.
Popaganda.
Popaganda.
Well, I mean, he comes right on.
Attacks our religion.
We should sue him.
We will sue everyone.
We will bury you.
Our agent provocateur routine certainly got them bashing the Church of the Subgenius.
They came right out and called it false.
Parody.
Of spoof.
Of spoof.
Harmless.
Why, the lawyer in New York, in Jesus' custody trial.
Harmless, oh.
He called it a silly joke.
We'll show them how harmless we are.
He called it buffoonery.
Perhaps when we show up with our special pipe bomb.
The fool.
It'll show them just how funny we are when we smoke our frap right up their ass.
And it may have only been two or three people behind all of this.
We have no idea.
Unfortunately, and I'm here because even a city councilor was unfortunately involved
and used and possibly misled.
Now, the rubric of public safety was used, and I don't need to remind all of you how
often that's been used to shut down ideas that people don't want to hear at public gatherings,
lunch counters, and all sorts of things, and that we have to be careful in invoking
public safety when dealing with matters of prior restraint or speech.
Cambridge needs to continue as a vigorous home of free speech, and I want to ask the
city council to look into this matter and to go on record in favor of freedom of speech.
If two or three people or a couple of anonymous phone calls can shut down this event, two
or three phone calls can shut down any event in the city.
Thank you for the chance to defend us.
Thank you, Mr. Mayor.
Thank you.

Thank you, Mr. Mayor.
Thank you.
I'll be in on the first.



Now is the announcement, a printout of a website in which they said such terrible things
as, we're going to build nitrous oxide gas chambers, where people laugh themselves to
death.
and that in honor of the tragedy of Littleton,
we will offer extra salvation to anyone who comes wearing a black trench coat.
These are terrible things to say.
These are the sort of things that give free speech a bad name.
And that's why the Middle East had to kick us out on our tight little bob the hides.
And then I got provided two copies of what was on the internet,
something called a holocaustal homepage that had to do with the extermination of normals with extreme prisons.
And then it went on to talk about a jihad that had to be, and must be fulfilled,
and that the penalty for defying this covenant is to put all peoples to death.
It's a holy covenant.
It's a holy mission, a sacred jihad to be fulfilled only by completely vanquishing the dark stain of lack of sacrilege
that we cleanse ourselves for allowing the sin to happen in the first place.
In other words, killing the pinks and normals hurts us more than it hurts them,
but we'll kill them anyway out of penance.
And then it says, that being said, we don't cause pain.
We're the mass euthanasia mental institute for population control.
Then it talks about nitrous oxide gas chambers and the blood ball.
And then it says, another good place to bathe in hate is the Aryan Resistance homepage.
Click here to go there.
They seem more concerned about Jews and Negroes than pinks and normals.
But hey, in the middle of this, we're the people of the world.


The only help we receive in reducing the population by X day is always appreciated.
I don't know where they came up with this notion of a hate group.
I just don't understand. We're misunderstood.
We're trying to make a better world.
We link the Aryan hate resistance as a comedy routine.
Just to make sure that they know we're only a joke.
You want to be a joke?

But hate will give you hate.
Hate like you've never seen before.
Hate like you've never felt before.
Hate that you dare to even contemplate.
Contemplate hate.
I like the sound of that.
Yes.
Make a note of that Friday.
We'll use that in the upcoming Devival.
Our special Bob Artelli insignia.
Yes, Bob emanates from his gold chain.
Even as his emerald eyes stare out amongst the legions of adoring fans,
his hate is burning within my brain.
I can feel it drilling a hole within the inner cerebral cortex.
I can't take it anymore.
I must kill, kill, kill.
Even a mere dime of bullets, five billion units, can cost a lot of money.
Then it says, unfortunately, we're too greedy to cancel our tour.
We still want to jump on a sympathy band with you.
Someone pump us into a
thats full of violent Bares qui
mofo.
before X-Day is like taking a short nap during a foot race.
It's cheating.
I wasn't saying to make the call to appear, was I?
Mr. Reese took this report, put it all together, all the hate of the church,
and he sent it to the chief of police and to the city manager.
The people here have been getting weird, harassing phone calls
saying that there would be a disturbance if we had this event here.
And because of this, because there are only a few people running this nice building,
they decided to cancel on it at the last minute.
Because we offered to get a security detail, but they're just really nervous and upset,
and I don't blame them.
But we persevered.
We stood upon their steps, and we preached, and we sang,
and we apologized, and we passed the hat.
And there was a revival.
There was only revival. Everything else disappeared.
They have also said that
they would like us to reschedule and perhaps be here in the future.
I would love to reschedule it for two weeks.
However, I opened up my wallet to fly in these creatures,
and it's going to take a while to fill that wallet back up enough.
But if at all possible, I will be rescheduling it, obviously before XX Day,
when we will all be leaving Cambridge.
Straight up!
Praise Bob!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah, yes dear friends,
a little bit of reportage on the Boston debacle,
on the steps of the old Baptist, the old Cambridge Baptist Church,
produced by the Reverend Friday Jones,
and one of the unsung heroes of all this is Jesus Christ.
Yes, hatred drove the subgeniuses out of the Middle East.
They were saved by the Baptists after Jesus called the ACLU.
It's true.
The Lord took interest in the plight of his people, the subgeni,
and got on the horn and called all over the various venues and cops and promoters and so forth
in the greater Boston and Cambridge area, as did Friday Jones and the...
Oh, friends, it was a...
Well, it was kind of a mess, but it's...
We got a lot of press out of it, and who knows, friends, it may just...
It may pay off. You never know.
You just never know.
But it certainly stirs up a little bag of worms,
and it makes us all remember why we joined this old church.
You know, it's not just books and an obnoxious radio show
and obnoxious bobbies that pester you on college campuses.
Nay.
But it occasionally becomes a real serious nettle
in the otherwise never-tickled barefoot,
of some uppity, hoity-toity, Mr. Thinks-He's-Mr-Something-Type-Mister,
you know, conspiracy establishment figurehead.
Friends, we were the ones that they called the behavior problems in school,
and I guess they still call us that.
Friends, I...
Okay, okay, all right.
It's beautiful.
Yeah.
Yes.
But, uhrahaha.
Listen, I think they're over the top...
It's amazing.
But the thing is that it's really Polarани about their history,


Hey, eat some chicken with weekend dinner,
isn't that perfect?
The most controversial comedy group in the history of mankind.
Banned in...
Oh, wait.
Banned in Boston.
That doesn't mean anything.
We're not into the tourney of the cheek.
No, certainly not.
What does Globe say?
The Globe says the show was canceled at the Middle East
and never mentions the new location.
Okay.
So if people are pissed...
So it's nothing about that.
Right.
No one read anything in the Globe that inspired them to call this church.
No, but they might have read it in the Herald.
Right.
They read it in the Herald.
The Herald article's very positive.
No, no, no.
But there are people who are after the church.
Right.
There are too many of them.
Can't kill a world.
We have two points to make.
One is that in medieval Europe and relatively up until the 1800s,
perhaps mid-1800s,
if you could just reach a church door and the law is in hot pursuit,
if you could just touch the knocker on the church door,
you would achieve sanctuary.
They could not touch you.
But here, you look at the church door and it says,
some genius is not allowed.
What did those knockers do?
What if you had a knocker?
If anyone would like a demonstration,
I'll be glad you can touch their knocker.
I blame.
Bob.
This is all Bob's fault.
It is Bob that made the call.
There is no Joe in Tallahassee.
It is Bob who destroyed the Boston revival from under my feet,
not once but twice in a row.
It is Bob who breaks apart my head.
It is Bob who shatters my hand.
It is Bob who scourges my feet.
Thanks, Bob.
I'm not the anti-Bob.
I feel the wrath of the anti-Bob.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Bob is not the answer.
And neither is anything else.
Screw Bob!
And Tony.
Blasphemy!
He's been possessed by the anti-Bob.
Help me, anti-Bob, please!
Help me!
Bob!
These aren't the words.
Bob!
Oh, no!
There's only one thing left to do!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!

Kill Bob!

Kill Bob!
Bob ripped me off for all my slack.
He gets all the women.
He gets all the froth.
And he gets all the slack.
Bob!
Kill Bob!






Kill Bob!
So the order was-
Kill Bob!








Goodness!
Look at that.
I was possessed by the evil Ant-Man, Bob.
There's only one thing left to do.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob, everybody!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
With that $10,000, I could build a tabernacle,
make that Wheeling Island tabernacle
look like a chicken house.
Will you have free candy for the kids, Preacher?
Think of it, Ben. With that cursed,
bloodied gold.
How come you got that stick knife hit up in your
bed blankets, Preacher?
The Lord blinded mine enemies when they brought me
in this evil place. I smuggled it in
right under the noses of them guards.
I come not with peace,
but with a sword.
You, Preacher?
This sword has served me through many an evil time,
Ben Harper.
I have been a great man since I was a child.

What religion you profess, Preacher?
The religion the Almighty in me worked out
betwixt us.
I'll bet.
Salvation is a last minute business, boy.
Keep talking, Preacher.
If you was to let that money
serve the Lord's purpose,
he might feel kindly turned towards you.
Keep talking, Preacher.
Now don't you think the Lord might change
his mind if you was to...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
It's 1999 and the saucers aren't here.
It's 1999 and it's time to kill every adult in America
to keep the children safe from child molesters.
It's 1999 and there is no Bob in Boston.
They cut Bob out of Boston and then they looked at the hole that was left
and they realized it was in the shape of Bob.
So they cut out that hole, but that hole only became a bigger hole of Bob.
And the hole just kept getting wider and wider until we all fell in.
And we fell and we fell and we fell and we fell.
We fell into Bob and we fell through Bob and when we landed it was on Bob.
And we jumped up and down on his ribs because he sure deserved it.
Thanks for making the Boston Undeviled the most controversial revival
ever performed on this planet.
THEkehr God must


You know, before any of us get too angry at our higher ups and our government officials
who have basically used the bureaucracy that we fund with our tax money
in order to make life difficult for us,
we should remember that they are after all just doing their job,
because let's face it,
If you go to the web pages, you see this hate group specifically say they want to hurt everybody.
They want to kill everybody on July 5th, 1998.
And that day's coming real soon.
So can you blame them for taking it seriously?
I mean, I would.
So, you know, we'll give the devil her due.
Now, for the subgeniuses out there who might be a little wise to this and think, wait a minute, that day's already come and gone.
Don't be so fast to jump to these conclusions.
Because remember, how do you know July 5th, 1998 has come and gone?
I mean, they tell me I was born in the 60s, but how do I know that, you know?
I believe in a conspiracy calendar, that's why.
Now, there's Bob Dobbs and there's a conspiracy.
And it really boils down to this simple question.
Who do you trust?
Okay, now, has Bob?
Was he lying when he said, you know, that the conspiracy is comprised of pinks and normals that basically want to make your life miserable?
No.
No, he was pretty on the mark there.
Now, let's compare that to the conspiracy who, in, oh, let's say, in the early 20th century, promised us that income tax would be temporary only to fund World War I.
And it would be over as soon as the war was over.
That sounded kind of like a lie.
And only the rich would be taxed.
That's right.
Only the rich would be taxed.
And Vietnam came along.
They didn't lie to us all during that war, did they?
We weren't in Laos.
We were going to have the troops home before Christmas.
Well, they kind of lied about that, too.
They kind of lied about Watergate.
They kind of lied about Richard Nixon, Monica, this stuff with Social Security, this stuff with Kosovo.
I mean, they're all lies.
It's always lies.
But Bob Dobbs, he never lies.
So, you have to ask yourself, if he says,
that on July 5th, 1998, flying saucers are going to come down here and rescue us,
that you have but one conclusion to come to,
and that is that it's not July 5th, 1998 yet.
Now, I'm willing to set my watch.
I'm telling you, when those flying saucers land,
and those exoshock troops come out here,
and cleansing the planet of the problem people,
and freeing it up for the rest of us to get a little bit of slack,
then, and only then, you can come to the very real conclusion
that the time is 7 a.m.
The date is July 5th, and the year is 1998.
I also suggest, if you've got one of these computer watches,
that you set it, as it's happening, off your wristwatch,
for a very simple reason.
Because I won't be surprised, in the least,
if a dagger comes flying through the air,
and smashes through that same watch at that very time,
because Bob Dobbs does not approve of this little dog's collar that we wear.
And he has this idea about time control, thought control, control control.
He's against it.
Another reason to say,
well, I'm going to side with Bob instead of the conspiracy.
So if you're a control freak,
you just keep on siding with those people who are trying to control the hate group
that wants to destroy the world on July 5th, 1988,
which they say has already come and gone.
So, now, that raises another question.
If they know this is going to happen on July 5th, 1998,
and yet they believe that it's 1999,
there's inconsistency here, isn't it?
Either they don't believe it's really 1999,
or they don't believe us that it's going to happen
on July 5th, 1998.
There's a lie, an inconsistency, a paradox.
It's all based on lies.
It's a single thread that goes through the entire conspiracy sweater.
It's a quip work.
You just can't get away from it,
unless you're with Bob.
So, ladies and gentlemen, brothers and sisters,
or should I say ladies and genocides,
let us stay together in our mutual love for the hate
that binds us in this wonderful church of the subgenius.
And thank you for coming tonight.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
This is Ken Rees.
This is the story.
You get the Boston police to drop this .
I'll bet you, yeah.
It has to be him.
Who else has that?
That's all they have to do to have eternal happiness.
They haven't only been getting hooked up
in the ass by the choir director.
Yeah.
It's Bob.
That's right, Bob Hurst.
So, it's Bob .
Great publicity for you.
that's all you care you'll probably have a bunch of gods we're gonna give you all the
half the money that we sue them for or it depends on how much we're soon
lord you sure know what you was doing when you put me in this very cell at this very time
a man with ten thousand dollars he was saying and the widow
so
there's only so many more days till x x day etc and i'm thinking well you know i i'm not in the
business of decoding this right this ain't funny in the context of now well that's that's what we're
concerned about is that someone took this stuff way out of context what we do is like mad magazine
or national anthem or saturday night
yeah
i don't feel like i don't have the stuff to give you but but you the stuff that i have is in my
opinion enough to raise
concern about
who might be coming i guess okay so i think it was logical
wow i think this would be worthy of investigation by not only police but also
rylic Just to be sure in the context of A nation like ours where we are in terms of public safety
it would be worthy of looking into it.
so, i know well that there is something called free speech and i know well there is something called via public safety
and i know well that there must be Boe Збор spring in Wenn Legale and the reason that we have
i would say
say, a manager, a mayor, and a police commissioner
is to be able to make determinations.
Now, as I understand, I do not know why
the show was canceled, but someone made that judgment.
And whether it was right or not, I guess,
the law or what even will, but I do know that all,
I am telling you, they will tell you in
in the late fi challenges they had,
witnesses. They're doing better than ever.
Is the Church of the Subgenius going to let
the Jehovah's Witnesses out-coot
us? I think not!
I think not! I think we're not going to
let Heaven's Gate happen. No, we're not going to
let Heaven's Gate happen.
We're not going to let Jonestown out-coot
us unless we can do over a thousand
people. So,
you know, don't worry about it. You can
come next day and be ready to enjoy
fine-flavored Kool-Aid,
fine-flavored slack.
You can, you know, join in or
just be a videotaping
voyeur. We don't care as long as you give me
the videotaped copies afterwards
so I can see what happened.
It looked like a lot of fun.
So, aren't we
doing just a...
Is this going to be another one of those Subgenius
revivals that just sort of...
Like life itself
just kind of ends with
a whimper. Hell no!
Instead of a bang,
or we could,
who's got a lighter?
Well,
we wouldn't want to do it in here
because it would waste the trajectory.
So, thanks.
We're shooting for specific goals.
If the Exos don't arrive in 1999,
then our next goal...
is 200 pounds,
20 miles,
in the year 2000.
200 pounds of
solid fuel rocket booster
juice.
200 miles.
200 miles.
200 miles!
And a big parachute on the end.
But I have friends.
We won't have to worry
another...
We won't have to party in Brushwood
every year and put on those...
those events where Jesus and I make a few thousand dollars.
We won't have to do that!
Because we'll be lifted up.
We'll be ruptured.
We've got faith.
We've got faith in a...
Not in some invisible monster up in the sky,
but a monster you can see.
How many of my other relatives have a picture of their God?
How many...
Can a Christian show you a photograph of Jesus?
I can produce photographs of Jesus and Bob.
I can even produce Jesus in person.
I can even produce Jesus in person.



And I'm sure Bob will be here later on.
I've seen folks in the convoy day.
Most likely.
That's probably what happened to Dave's car.
Dave's alternator broke down.
Both of them.
The one in his head and the one in his car.
And that's what happens when you get too close to Bob Dobbs.
Friends, you corset subgeniuses out there are saying,
but I love Bob Roberts.
I'd do anything.
Devoted, totally, heart, mind, and soul to J.R. Bob Dobbs.
I'm queer for Bob.
That's what you know what I mean.
I mean to him, man.
I mean, I'd do anything.
And, uh...
Well, that's great.
But where do you think Bob gets his infinite slack?
Just out of a beautiful air?
He gets it from you, my friend.
The closer you get to Bob,
the more of your divine slack he will take into himself.
And that's why he seeks soap.
And that's why he smiles.
And why he seems so slack.
Because he has it.
And you don't.
And that's why Bob is the saint of sales.
And that's why he got into the religion business.
On that note, I'd like to remind you all that
the sacred sales table of the Church of the Subgenius is just outside this door.
We take plastic and cash and checks.
And Chad will be selling Einstein's...
Secret Orchestra tapes.
I won't be selling many Subgenius tapes because of that.
But he doesn't have Einstein's Secret Orchestra T-shirts.
And I've got Bob's T-shirts.
And I've got one last X-Day 98 souvenir video.
You got married again?
And that's it.
And that's it.
Praise God.
And to the end of the...
Praise God!
Praise God!
Hail, Connie!
Hail, Connie!
Hail, Connie!
Hail, Connie.
.
What a good boy!
He's very good.
Mary!
Mary!
Mary!
Thank you.
Is there a
Merry Christmas to everybody?
Mary!

Mary!

and put your hands on your knees.
Now you must consummate this marriage with each and every other person in this room
or else you make a sick mockery of the divine Institutional Marriage.
I love you, I love you, I love you.
This twilight seems like an eternity
The changes I go through are hurting me
Do we become what we deserve to be?
Open up your eyes
You're sleeping through this masquerade
You're shining up just fine
Sublime inside a brand new life
Open up your eyes
You're sleeping through this masquerade
You're shining up just fine
Sublime inside a brand new life
Open up your eyes
You're sleeping through this masquerade


You'll watch as she seduces the newcomers into one of the most perverse underground societies of our time.
Perhaps an orgasm would go on and on and on with many variations, with peaks, valleys, rocky tops, and plateaus.
This type would look like the high Sierras.
Like an entire mountain range.
I call this type of orgasm the Megagasm, which I'm demonstrating for you now.
We are all at the right time and place in learning about our orgasms.
And one kind of orgasm is no better or worse than another.
But still, we can all learn a lot, lot more.
But still, we can all learn a lot, lot more.
But still, we can all learn a lot, lot more.
Remember the ACLU deserves a gentle, great here tonight.
Ladies and gentlemen, Father Patel and the Guild!
Thank you.
And, first of all, also known as Cast for Love.
Cast for Love!
We don't want to leave here tonight without remembering how important the ACLU was in helping us out.
Because, you know, if you believe in Bob Dobbs, who are you going to turn to to defend you?
Ghostbusters!
Exactly.
Or, you know, if you happen to want to exterminate 99.8% of the rest of the planet, the ACLU is going to be your only friend.
That's right.
They don't care whether it's good taste or bad taste.
We're only looking for pinks that taste good!
Now, we were, you know, we knew that if they helped the Nazis go through Skokie, they'd love Bob Dobbs.
Oh, hi!
Hi.
But, uh...
Shh, shh, shh.
Quieter, can we please?
Yeah, keep it down.
That's what I was about to suggest. If you'd ask us to keep it down.
Okay.
You know, screaming out curse words, you know, isn't really going to help our case any more.
You know, we saw the protest.
We don't know the words either, so we're going to have to fake it.
What are these words? Bob is love?
Uh-oh.
And then Bob is love. And then...
Bob is love.
And then love...
It gets tricky.
All together now. Love is Bob.
Okay.
That's tricky, we know.
It's a sing-along, we need your help.
Can you hear the beats going in the background?
You ready?
Three, four.
Bob is love.
Bob is love.
Come on, everybody.
All you motherfuckers.
Bob is love.
Here we go.
Here's the tricky one.
Love is Bob.
Oh, you guys are geniuses.
Bob is love.
Divine love.









A supreme love.
Bob is love.
An icky, sticky love.
Bob is love.
Bob is love.
The kind of love your mammy baruind you about.
Bob is love.
The kind of love that gets your squid-squirting baby.
Bob is love.
Love is Bob.
Bob is love.
I'm wingsome.
Stop it!
It's Bobbyоды!
What has happened to remote control?



Bob is hate!
Isn't that all you ever want, more hate?
Bob is hate!
Hate the conspiracy!
Hate the rebels that stole your slack!
Bob is hate!
Hate, that's for my age!
Bob is hate!
Hate is Bob!
Bob is hate!
Bob doesn't love you!
Bob despises you!
Bob is light!
Kill Bob!
Bob is late!
He can't win your job!
Suck off!
You have been driven to the brink of insanity by the conspiracy!
Bob is hate!
Bob is your only hope!
Bob is...
You are a lot closer than you even think!
Bob is the way!
Bob is the path!
Believe or die!
And things were really, really screwed.
And I felt like I was caught up in a flood.
And I was washing down, I was washing down.
And then, you know, I was just at that point where I said, this just isn't worth it anymore.
And, uh, right about that time,
I found out about the Church of the Sub-Jews.
And it was like a message that changed my life.
It turned everything around.
I realized that, you know, all this mopey whining and worrying about, you know, what's going to happen to me caught in the flood,
you know, all this stuff isn't going to mean anything because I know that the exits are going to be cut off.
So I was caught, like I said, my whole life's been like that.
I was caught in the flood.
And I was washing down that river.
And that girl, she was the first branch.
And I grabbed onto her.
And that branch broke.
And I went to my friends.
They were that second branch.
They were rotten.
Broke off in my hand.
And finally, I got washed down, and I grabbed onto that one cracked branch.
The Church of the Sub-Jews.
The Church of the Sub-Jews is that cracked branch.
That's the branch that I cling to.
And brothers and sisters, I know full well that as I cling to that branch, that someday soon, my salvation is going to come down from the sky, too.
And brothers and sisters, just know that that flood, no matter how it has affected any of you, no matter what flood you are all caught in,
just remember that since you have your $30 membership in the Church of the Sub-Jews, that big ol' sky hook's going to come down for you, too.
Thanks, brothers and sisters.
And thank you, Dr. Legume.
A fine preaching job.
Fine preaching jobs there by Dr. Katahdin Legume, by Papa Joe Mama, who did a lot on that revival.
Also, Dr. Dry-Foo.
Praise Reverend Dry-Foo.
And Reverend Jihad Frenzy videotaped that show, which is where we get the sound from.
And dear friends, of course, the Reverend Friday Jones, who produced the whole debacle and has yet to...
You know, you should donate your love offerings to her in the name of Bob.
And we'll be giving that post office address in a second here.
But friends, and Bill T. Miller and Brother Cleve, you heard there.
And with Dr. Dry-Foo, it's chanting and singing.
And we must thank Ken Reeves of the Boston City Council.
And the Old Cambridge Baptist Church has sincerely actually helped a lot.
And friends, you can write for free information from Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
That's Box 140306.
Box140306.
