20 million men have had abnormal sex.
Find out how.
The Self Genius Power of Sweat.
Specifically designed to target the muscles that control the bladder.
Side effects include mouth constipation for a full 24 hours.
I am just a dog.
Thank you, Leemur.
Friends, I had this whole show half assembled.
And there was going to be a lot about our new videos and some sermon excerpts from Starwood.
Of pagan bashing by yours truly.
But that takes a lot of editing and explaining.
And we're really busy and I'd rather do it next week.
Luckily, this week, Radio Synesthesia on WCSB in Cleveland turned into Hour of Slack number 1193.
Because Lonesome Cowboy Dave and I phoned.
And then to join Dr. Sinister and his other guests.
And we kind of never shut up.
So I know when I'm licked and when my chicken is choked.
So I give up.
This whole show, this entire Hour of Slack is one phone conversation.
Goodbye.
Hello, you're on the air.
I would like to relate to you, if possible, my story from a book called.
Oh, the
metal nose, which was locked off and it doable.
It is rumor.
And why do you believe that he did he was killed by Kepler sort, like the original was chopped off and he had a metal replacement or he had a metal.
one naturally and that got chopped off or?
He had a normal nose
and then he was in a dual.
It got chopped off
and so he was going around using his sighting tube
because he didn't really have
telescopes that good, you know.
They just had these sighting tubes
and he had a big metal nose on him.
Oh, what happened to your accent?
Did you know that Kepler probably killed him?
Johannes Kepler?
Do you think that Kepler smelled his wife or something?
Smelled his wife?
Yeah.
I'm sure he did.
I don't know if Kepler...
He should have kept his nose in his own place.
Don't be nosy.
That's the whole point of the story.
Yep, that's probably true.
It's like the economy.
If you stick your nose in something dirty,
it's going to smell bad.
He might so.
Hey, caller, what's your handle?
What's your name?
Oh, Les Boington Fruitful Erstweil.
Erstwells?
No, Orson Welles.
Orson Welles, that's your name?
No, that's not my real moniker.
My real moniker is...
I'm a loathsome cow pie.
Aren't we all?
Oh, you're on the air.
Oh, Dr. Sinister.
Ah, welcome.
It's a sidekick, honest of mine.
A what?
Of your moniker.
I have to use psychic powers
to know what's going on lately
because my computer wasn't working
and streaming right
and I couldn't hear the radio
and the phone didn't work
and the TV special about Alzheimer's scared me.
Oh.
So I'm confused.
I need help.
I need you guys to tell me what to think.
Well, one thing we can tell you for sure
is you're never going to be able to rebuild
that beautiful, normal, luscious, subgenius brain tissue.
It's just going to continue to atrophy and atrophy
until it's like a little piece of gravel
that irritates your eyesight and your hearing.
Well, what I'd like to think is that I've developed...
I've got good practice for that time.
Oh, you mean by the psychic regenerator
de-plus magnet thing?
Oh, no, no.
No, just...
I've been dealing with an Alzheimer's-like situation.
I've been in a state in the real world
because most of my concentration is tied up inside my brain.
Have you been drinking booze and smoking weed?
Huh, what?
Have you been drinking booze and smoking weed?
Is that why you've been losing your memory?
No, no.
I'm old.
Oh, yeah.
I used my brain...
I abused my brain in other ways
that I can't even describe on the radio.
You would not understand.
A lot of people are familiar with...
Can you try and explain that to me, please?
A lot of people are familiar...
Are you familiar with something called anti-matter?
When matter and anti-matter get close to each other,
it results in this huge release of energy.
Well, there is knowledge,
and then there's also anti-knowledge.
Oh, is that right?
And it's possible to put anti-knowledge into your brain.
You will see a huge amount of energy.
But that's been my whole problem with the race
of the ideogularity against the singularity.
So that would be the dark energy
that you would give to your brain, Dr. Sinister?
That would actually be...
It's more like things you can learn
that will make you unlearn other things.
Do they result, may I ask, in actually synesthesia?
Well, can you get some of that stuff, man?
I mean, do any of these result in a synesthesia?
Huh.
Of being able to smell the numbers
and feel the blue and so forth?
Well, that's only a minor symptom.
By the way, I would like to point out that...
One of the major quakes.
I would like to point out that one of the most notorious sources
of anti-knowledge is Fox News Channel.
Hmm.
That will fill up the spaces.
Between your brain cells with garbage, yes.
Yeah, there was already garbage in between those brain cells.
And you need to exfoliate them.
I'll talk to each other later.
Alrighty, see you later, I see.
Cell exfoliation of the brain.
Yeah, speaking of...
It's not an easy task, but it's one well worth undertaking
because you've got to clean the sucker out once in a while.
And speaking of cleaning the sucker out once in a while,
I've got to remind you all this is Gabe Zayson.
You'll be in Cleveland.
Portions of the following broadcast may be objectionable
to some listeners.
Therefore, WCSB advises listener discretion.
The views and opinions expressed on this program
are not those of WCSB or Cleveland State University
or anyone...
Anyone decent or sane.
Anyone worth mentioning.
But sometimes you have to take that old wire brush
and ream that station out.
And the brain.
Your brain and your radio station
are very similar machines after a fashion.
Yep.
The tools need to be cleaned.
Right, especially in the case of my brain
and WCSB.
You have to think of WCSB as a huge paintbrush
or maybe one of those jackboot listless animator type devices
that they used to be using or still do once in a while.
I used to have one.
And you have to give it a full rub down.
You have to wire brush it from the inside out
until it gleams like a shining new edifice of I don't know what.
Well, you know, when you do the kind of work that we do,
after a while, your brain starts to...
It starts to look like a campfire marshmallow
that caught on fire and then you blew it out.
It looks like a piece of fat and one vomited.
That's a result of that horrendous amount of energy released
with the interaction of the mind and anti-mind or whatever.
Well, it depends on your level of concentration also.
If you're the kind of person who can sit there staring at some idiotic thing on the internet
when your wife has just brought you a tray of cookies
and never noticed the cookies.
That's the kind of concentration that causes the sort of brain damage I'm talking about.
Well, that's the kind of brain damage that many of the denizens of those
that you reach out to in your church duties.
That's the level of estate, the random co-action that they've moved into
that you try to rescue them from.
We see in some of your propagandized material, some of your literature,
we see an idiot staring vacantly.
At a boob tube accompanied by a wife holding her cookies.
Really? I always thought of it as a chimp masturbating blindly in his cage.
But, you know, to each his own.
Wait a minute, I haven't seen that in a while.
Well, you haven't been to the zoo or ex-day.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hey, what's up, doctor?
How's the...
Welcome aboard.
By the way, my phone, besides the brain damage, I think I have phone damage.
If this phone suddenly shuts off, it's because we both ran out of time.



I ran out of batteries.
Hmm.
And I got a call back from another phone.
It's always good to have a non-cordless landline phone.
I wish I had a brain like that.
I wish I had a non-cordless brain that I could just, you know, phone in.
You mean you actually are using the cord on and as and with your brain?
You need the cord? You're no longer self-ambulatory?
Well, you know, dialysis patients, you know, they're not...
You know, patients have a life.
You can get around even if you have to plug your brain, keep your brain plugged in at
home most of the time.
Well, I would say you're degenerating rather quickly and you should definitely see a professional,
a shark or something.
I don't know, a rest...
Maybe a professional wrestler would work for you.
Well, I went to see a Wiccan visionary and she laid hands on me and said I was okay.
I think she was just trying to talk to you while she was taking your wallet.
I think she was just trying to talk to you while she was taking your wallet.
I'm sorry, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi.
I think she was copping a fuel while she was taking your wallet.
That's horrible to live like that.
I'm used to it.
To not know from one day to the next day if you're going to be able to copulate or fear
the police or maybe you just want to jump out of a window sometimes.
I'm used to it.
Reverend Stang, I have a suggestion for you.
Suggestion?
Yes, I either went with the novel and the movie, Donovan's Brain.
Yeah.
Of course.
Okay, that might be one good way to preserve your brain and prevent further damage.
You know, just take it out, let it have a little rest in a tank of some sort of solution
for a while, then maybe put it back in if and when you feel like it.
Well, you know, it's funny you should mention that because we've been experimenting
with that and I've got like seven aquariums in my basement with different brands of bobbies
in them.
Okay.
Okay.

So, it's a hellish existence, not being able to see or feel anything, just being this sort
of ball of awareness and pain.
Is one of those brains subspecies 23?
No, no, no.
I haven't.
Is that Ratnar?
Yeah.
Oh, hey, Ratnar.
I haven't talked to you in a while.
I know.
It's been...
No, no, we can't give out who's the identity of some of the brains because some of them
may be frequent callers.
Okay.
We're going to have to wait and see what happens with the show.
But the pain is a thing that really needs review is what sort of pain if they're indeed
not feeling in a liquid sense, what kind of transcendental pain which is never ending?
Well, there's...
You can measure.
There's pain centers in the brain and they're lit up.
I keep meaning to go down there and unplug them and let them die a kind death, but you
know how it is.
The brain itself...
You've got laundry to do, dishes.
The brain itself can interpret pain signals from other parts of the body, but it doesn't
any pain receptors of its own if you like poke somebody in the brain it wouldn't hurt no although
i have an interesting true story of uh relating to that doctor you can't feel your brain at it
at one point um my doctor was concerned about my brain and they had to do a cat scan type thing
what about a dog scan they injected iodine into my neck vein so that my and they could somehow
move it around so the iodine in different as they injected it over and over again would hit
different parts of my brain and then they could get a good picture of the blood vessels they were
looking for an aneurysm and i for that one and only time was able to have sensation on the inside
of my brain and just my whole body and i had to get the blood to start moving again and i had to

my brain it was felt like a combination of cold and heat at the same time in a place where i had
never ever felt anything oh and i have never felt anything since then i ended up with a nice
photograph so from three angles of my my brain and a piece of paper that said that it was normal
that's like a death sentence oh my god your brain my brain's normal i might as well just die
yeah how will you ever live down the embarrassment
well the it's what i'm trying to it's not the embarrassment so much as the awareness that we're
trying to avoid you know well doctors what do they know we're all trying yeah we're all trying
to avoid awareness i mean that's you know everybody comes home and has to be aware of

it like a couple like 48 beers or something like that and injects hypodermic full of heroin into
their brain yeah or work lunch or just a genius similar same thing so just yeah trepanation uh
self-home you know you get a kit autoerotic asphyxiation editing hour of slack same thing
much like the spontaneous and breast enlargement kit which i was sent by the way which does not
i'm sorry about the story about that day you know i keep on trying to get a response
from someone
somebody there well customer service or service or something well you know reverend service wasn't
here and i'm sorry explain to you earlier dave that sometimes these things get broken in the
mail the breast get deflated do you do you like you strap one on and you go to the mirror and
suddenly your left breast not only does not inflate correctly it explodes on your body
don't you think like a child maybe one of you pretend to be mommy or something good and wholesome
like that would get a kit
and if you're not a mother you're not a mother you're not a mother you're not a mother you're not a mother
a mother for what that might be

well now dave why do you think we have that three hundred page manual with of warnings and disclaimers
right five language rubbish and uh... regular
indivis deutlich en danke
double-decker
i'm sorry but we're not responsible for
uh... problems that may have happened because you didn't repeat instructions English essay covered aids
in the caiman's access an рабicgoing to go start a real spaced out to the
sphereed college and then just like complex points that are not correct type standing still maybe i can have half a year i have to say he's two to zero total the housing just out one or two of the complex types except sometimes especially the moreITCHPOSEWELLS SO guys grew up kind of change
A happy face with a tongue sticking out and a cross, or, you know, one of those slashes across it.
If I told you our policy, send us your money back and we'll send you another set of breasts.
I can't send the whole thing back because half of it exploded.
No, the money. Just send us all the money again.
I sent you the money, you sent me the product, and it was defective.
I just want my money back.
Send your money back to us again and we'll send you another set.
Look, this isn't the place to do that.
I'm not customer service, okay?
She's on vacation. Call back next week.
I'm sorry.
Yes, this is Princess Lee.
I'm sorry, Dr. Shinshaw.
Reverend Service has been overworked as it is.
I'll never do that again.
She, by the way, is a happy user of those inflatable subgenius breasts.
Well, I've heard they're, you know, they're pretty popular and a lot of people have found happiness, whatever the hell that is, with them.
Well, now you may need our new improved subgenius forehead for that to experience, to appreciate the happiness that you already have.
Can you literally feel your own brain in dense matter or dark matter or dense space?
Through the third nostril.
Yeah.
No, it doesn't actually work that way.
It's just a strap-on forehead that makes you look smarter, so therefore you feel smarter.
Therefore, in new age trends...
In new age jargon, you are smarter.
In real speech, you're actually a sucker.
But in new age jargon, you have achieved quantum wellness if you're using our new artificial forehead.
Well, that sounds like Rocknard philosophy, which is Dobbsism, which is pure Dobbsism, which is there's a sucker born every minute.
Hey, we've all got Dobbsism.
Some worse than others.
Dobbsism.
I wonder how that's going to save the economy.
Not.
Actually, Bob predicted that in the year 2007, a subgenius pamphlet would buy you a boxcar full of canned peaches.
You have to wear like a huge Kreutzer belt full of coupons and stuff?
I should have gotten a lot of boxcars of canned peaches in 2007.
We'll all be living in our own basement.
I'm afraid to look out the windows because the zombies will be coming.
Yep, give the stimulus time to fail.
Why does zombies and economic depression always go together?
Why do stimuli remind you of flaccid penises which need to be resurrected with, like, you know, outer space things?
Speak for yourself, dude.
Well, I need outer space sex.
I think it's a tenant of your creed.
You know, somebody...
Just today was making fun of me, or just making fun of outer space alien sex in general, on the basis that it was Masonic, actually.
Yeah, I'm not kidding.
Like the jars or the shoes?
We get some interesting, you know, mail.
I'm familiar with Mason shoes and Mason jars, but I don't know anything about what the hell ever you're talking about.
Mason sex.
Oh, Mason.
Yeah, it doesn't actually have much to do with aliens.
Pointed hats, though, I bet.
There have to be pointed hats or else it just doesn't...
I don't know.
What do you think?
All I know is I just found that cup of coffee I've been wandering all over the house looking for this entire conversation.
It was on the living room table.
Did, um...
Dr. Sinister, I'd like to ask you a question, not that it's relevant,
because there's nothing relevant going on.
Uh-huh.
Have you heard of Professor Michikaku's program on the radio called Science is Really Cool or something?
No.
I've, um...
No.
Now, I've heard from my fellow scientists that that particular scientist is full of a bunch of mumbo jumbo hoo-hah.
Well, he is a...
Chaz was real into that guy.
Yeah, he was a string man.
He was a string theory popularizer.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Of course, serious scientists serve him.
Well, I believe those guys just as much as I believe the rabbi and the priest.
They're all...
Probably not.
I haven't done the math.
I can't do the math.
I ain't equipped.
Well, think of...
So I'll take your word for it.
Think of Tycho Brahe's third...
There's 10 universes and there's a heaven and a hell.
Bob sold it.
I smoked it down at the hospital.
What about Purgatory?
Purgatory is a nice concept.
I think that's...
I think that's...



That's the shopping mall right around the corner from me.
Right.
It's the place where you go and consume and are consumed.
And that's what we're all doing right now.
We're all being eaten by ourselves.
Well...
At least, you know, kind of like...
Well, slowly.
...a place or something.
Some are a little further along than others.
Dave.
I'm chewed up pretty good.
At least I can still see things clear.
I can see we're headed for doom.
Can anybody else out there?
Well, I don't think doom is necessarily the right word.
I think...
I think things are going to be very, very different in a few years' time, but...
Exactly how, for better or for worse, it depends on whom you ask.
What if I have to go to a WPA camp and pick peaches and wear shorts and stuff and sing
like the Communist International?
Or is that...
No, I won't...
Well, that's what you...
I thought that was what you always wanted.
Well, that was when the other guys were in charge.
Oh, I see.
Now all of a sudden you're not the Wobbly anymore.
Now you're the arch-conservative NRA member.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
I'm out training in the backyard every day.
I don't know what you're...
Mr. Contrary.
Professional oppositionist.
Right.
Oppositionalist.
You know, the...
Yeah, I got to hate whoever's in power.
Yeah, when it was Bush, Dave was a Wobbly Communist.
Now, ever since Obama's gotten in, Dave's all of a sudden a regular Rambo.
Rambo Limbaugh.
No, that's not a propagated falsehood.
I'm just making some sort of pointy head every now and then.
I know, but it sounds good.
And we all like to be the devil's advocate, because, you know, we like the devil.
At least that's the way I feel about it.
I'm sure most of us sure would agree tonight.
He has his father's eyes.
I'm just saying.
No, I'm just kidding.
Well, we only like him.
We don't worship him.
It's not like we're in love with him, mostly.
Well, you're at a bar.
Who buys?
You know what I mean?
Nobody comes up shooting but old Lucifer.
He'll buy you a double.
In fact, he'll keep you going all night somehow.
Is that what happened?
How about the kidney dialysis unit?
What are you saying?
Please get me out of here.
Who walks up and sits right on your face until you can't breathe?
You know who?
I don't know.





Of course you do.

Old night pass.
The old doctor's split foot from the insurance company.
Dr. Splitfoot.
Friend of the devil is a friend of mine.
My phone keeps beeping.
Do you guys hear that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, could you possibly have a penile warts?
Thank God.
So it is the phone.
Oh, what a relief.
So that would mean somebody was screwing with your head.
If you.
If you managed to somehow sprout penile warts on your brain.
Well, if you guys weren't also hearing the beeps, I would be pretty concerned.
We're not hearing them.
It's coming from inside the house.
I'm so glad I'm deaf and don't understand anything anymore.
No.
By the way, you know who really is a Masonic plot?
Terry Mason.
It says right in the title.
Oh.
Who is he?
Aren't you seeing him?


Oh, really?



You Petra would say so.

Okay.




So why don't we first bring in our first is seeking potential Snude-roĩ
nip, efforts to verify his existance.
He can recognize finances to help him deal with his problems.

Here we go.
helicopters again and then somebody with like a british 1984 voice says your number and tells you
to go by the window somebody was explaining i was reverend nicky was explaining to us earlier that
the british are are live in an orwellian society and we live in a huxleyan society
you know that's an important distinction i i hear so many references to 1984 all the time and yet
uh you know to me i thought brave new world was something that we're closer to in a lot of ways
well you know i think there's such a thing as a compromise i think we can strike a balance
actually i think brave new world is the answer how about fusion how about the dichotomy might
have been created by these illuminoid audio types long ago back in the 1920s when everybody had
large foreheads to begin with just think of that there was that brief time when humanity
was true humanity and before the devolution began when attila was a hun and lucifer 1950s about the
time i was born the uh you just everything started slip sliding backwards it started with all of our
dads having to stand there in the nevada desert in front of those nuclear bomb tests when they
were in the surface yeah those little malocclusions turned out to be huge how consequential they were
plutonium right the sides of their faces well imagine our surprise when we figured out that
that was the one thing that all the subgeniuses had in common at one point their parents had been
exposed to dangerous levels of radiation in most cases they were the guys in the old movies the old
army movies you see marching toward the atom bomb cloud yes hence um and normally you know there
were some who were uh like for instance princess wii's father had actually
had siren or something that worked but he had had to get his hands on the ndr and they
tried to get rid of the acne and they tried to cure that using strong doses of radiation on his face
get rid of the acne only to cause skin cancer you know years later
apparently in the early days of sexual enumeration when you were a small child it would make you walk
into an x-ray thing when you went to buy shoes and you would x-ray your feet and nobody it didn't make
any difference what your x-ray said about your feet you just got your feet x-rayed and then they
would fit you for shoes now why do they go around x-raying everybody's feet dave it's called a
fluoroscope a fluoroscope yeah yeah because it's on the floor and you stand on it they're not
pumping secretly fluoride into your purity of essence or your precious bodily fluids are they
no that's different that's what they did to make you feel they made me feel the inside of my brain
just to punish me made me feel like ripping something like a like a like a table a huge
oak table and running around and just crashing the school buses and i don't know i don't know
and this beeping on my phone is making me feel like i've got a sonar machine in front of me
you know it's like the enemy is approaching sir
could you
only two minutes one minute 30 seconds stand back
there were some sub geniuses in the atlantic uh bumping into each other last week weren't
there the french and british subs oh operated by geniuses who they they were both using sonar
but they were also both using anti-sonar what about the ruski slamming into one of our
flatterlites everybody's crashing lately i guess there's enough space junk for 60 000 years isn't it
and now there's plutonium at the floor of the north atlantic again
well in rusting in slowly rusting barrels well if it doesn't bubble up from the sea
aristotle said it will certainly poop down on you from the skies because he believed in the fourpike
rob Black这个就想猜她一定要把你很严厉的





substances hate lust finger phooey and admonition those are the four humours oh those no i thought
they're the four pluniorisms for some damn i get man i get by you have trouble following all that
classical medicine yeah it's hard unless you're you know you've consumed the right herbs at least
you go to the right barber for surgery i got i just got bled three weeks ago really yep i had
uh some bad humors removed i bled for three hours i developed the gout afterwards but they said it
would be all right if they gave me some abduction morphine and saw my leg off sorry so you lost the
leg well i didn't lose it i just
it's not on me anymore oh god hey that's terrible i can't you know i i look at it
they have some pretty good orthopedic uh temporary uh limbs at walmart these days i still don't know
why you suggested me going to this weird doctor had funny long socks and a wig and all this stuff
anyway he's a car carrying subgenius i know but he's like so weird to begin with man then he said
he wasn't
gonna give me a lot of or dexter morphoman or whatever the hell it was he just started sawing
away on my leg oh he's been having a bad day and it wasn't even the right old dr holman wait a minute
that happened in the 1200s i'm sorry that didn't happen last week dave it didn't happen in the 1200s
either it didn't no it's all part of the dream dave it's all part of the dream oh sh oh man okay
bye bye
i'll just keep looking at my feet right i have to keep looking at the sonar sweep
oh man it's not like i'm gonna be able to detect the other guy's ship they've all got the anti-sonar
we can't even detect our own ships um are you one of those people that they've hired to fly weird
uh balloons around and stuff no but i i know the people that they're hired to are you wearing it do











tilt right now.
No, we call it an apron, Dave.
An apron.
Yeah.
Okay.
And a trowel and a T-square.
That's all you need to start a conspiracy.
An apron, a trowel, you know, one of those compass things, a little T-square and a few
engineering tools.
And a secret handshake.
Right.
I can't forget that.
You have to have a secret handshake.
And a fez.
Or else what would Copernicus say?
For instance.
Do you still have yours, Stang?
Do you still have your fez?
I have two.
I have several fezes.
No, I meant the one from Amsterdam.
Yeah.
I need to get a fez.
Yeah, that one doesn't really fit me very well, but I don't have to wear it just on
my head.
How about the mummified poodle?
Are you still wearing that around to the mall and then the bookstore over there?
That kind of fell apart.
Well, you know, it caused a lot of people a lot of headache and a lot of misery over
that poodle.
Well, it was dead.
It was freeze-dried.
That's the thing.
You know, people thought it was grizzly that I would have my pet.
Well, yeah.
It wasn't a poodle.
It was a chihuahua.
And it was freeze-dried.
And it was supposed to hold together for like two years, but it was more like two months.
I would not recommend doing that with your dog, Jake.
Grizzly third month there.
Jake would fall apart in a day or two.
Well, he'd have to be worn on my back.
Yeah, he's a big dog.
But the poodle fits easily on anyone's head.
All right, folks.
The time is now.
This would be a great time to remind you all the portions of the following broadcast may
be objectionable to some listeners.
WCSB advises listener discretion.
The views and opinions expressed on this program are not those of WCSB or Cleveland State University.
Or mine either.
Yeah.
Even if I say them, it's all just show.
That's right.
That's why I don't include any kind of disclaimers.
Oh, the views and opinions expressed are those of the podcast.
Participants are not.
No, they're not.
Not necessarily those of the participants either.
Not necessarily anyone's opinion.
And even if they were our opinion when we said them, they might not be for long.
Right.
We reserve the right to change our minds.
It is the sacred doctrine of erasability.
Sandy Beach.
Sacred doctrine of erasability.
I don't know how many times I've had to claim that one.
Erasability?
Yeah.
It was written into the first.
Okay.
A subgenius pamphlet.
The sacred doctrine of erasability.
Any subgenius can basically say, no, I did not say that.
I was not there.
It's freedom to lie, essentially.
Yeah.
And indemnifies ad hoc BS, which is all this is.
Right.
Is that a little girl calling my name?
Janet, is that you?
Or Dave?
No, it's no money, Mark.
Oh, it's a big hairy gay man with no eyebrows.
Hey, man, you don't knock until you've tried it.
No, it's more about the shaved eyebrows and the unusual taste.
See if any, yeah, I'd really like to open the lines up to some other callers here.
Okay, well, I can go now. I'll talk to you next time.
All right, thanks, Mark. I'll talk to you soon.
What a fellow.
So let's see if anyone else has taken the bait.
Well, I can talk to anyone if, you know, whatever. I'm sorry.
Sorry.
I have no value for the message.
I guess nobody's going to be able to call if you'd like to get a word in here.
Share your thoughts on, I don't know.
Is there a topic?
There, I don't know. Shall we pick a topic?
Do you think the lust for, you know, rumors about the economy is,
are things going to really get that bad or is what bad?
What is, what's going on?
Is that a thing?
The entire financial system.
As we know, it is really kind of coming unraveled.
A lot of banks are still appearing to be solvent right now, but they're not.
A lot of banks are actually insolvent right now, but the market hasn't realized it yet.
It'll be interesting to see what happens once that kind of thing starts picking up.
I can tell you that ordainments have gone down and I've been polishing my barrels.
I'm ready to get out there on the...
On the street corner.
You know, the world needs the subgenius gospel now more than ever, I'd say.
I think it would...
Well, that's not what I was going to be giving from the barrel.
Oh, no.
I think...
But, you know, somebody that buys a membership too, that'd be great.
Hello, you're on the air.
Brains.
Brains.
Someone with an appetite, I see.
It's going on in my teeth right now.
A healthy appetite.
Not much.
K3, how you been?
Good.
How are you guys?
We're all hanging in there.
So what's...
Licking cerebral cortex.
Protecting what's left of our brains.
I'm just seeing brains tonight.
Brain soup.
Brain pasta.
Brain pie.
No, MO does not only stand for method of operation, it stands for medulla oblongata.
Dude, they got the oblongata part right.
Has Bob Dobbs ever become a zombie?
Bob Dobbs is a zombie by now.
Is he?
Yeah.
Well, the church itself died and was resurrected as a zombie.
Well, it's more like a Frankenstein's monster.
It's not one dead body that just came back to life.
It's the parts of...
Kind of like the...
God's hundreds.
The Christian church is the body of Christ.
I don't have any dead religion.
Subgenius Church is the body of Bob.
Corpus Frankensteinus.
The body of Franken...
The overall body, the...
Yes, yes, Corpus Frankensteinus.
And Bob...
Bob went in the same sequence as Frankenstein.
There was Bob Dobbs, Bride of Bob, Son of Bob, Ghost of Bob, House of Bob.
Someone thought that the Son of Bob...
Abbott and Costello meet Bob was the last one.
And that was like...
That's when that spilled the end of the old school Universal Bob movies.
Well, Scooby-Doo was so itemized by Bob.
Bob has...
Well, that was when he came back.
That was during his comeback in the 80s.
Actually, after he came back to life a second time.
Bob's been extinguished like a flame so many times and yet keeps on returning.
It's...
He's...
He...
He...
He takes a licking and he keeps on something that rhymes with ticking.
Stinking.
Something like that.
He takes a licking and he keeps on stinking.
He gives a licking and he chokes his chicken.
Rather the world would have taken his lesson than the lesson of these...

types like...
Burnished Meatloaf.
And the other ones who are ranklessly ripping off everyone's savings and loans corporations.
Which don't exist anymore.
But I mean, you know what I'm saying.
Somehow.
Isn't it?
You know, it's...
I don't want to sound like a wobbly kid, but sometimes...
You know, that stuff is...
Is theft.
What stuff is theft?
Huh?
What stuff?
Yeah, but didn't Bob Dobbs sell...
Well, not property stuff, but...
Theft is theft.
Yeah.
Yeah, theft is theft, man.
Wasn't Bob selling like Viagra?
I thought he sold out.
No, you're thinking of Smiling Bob.
Or is that Ripoff Bob?
Yeah, that is Ripoff Bob.
That's another...
Yeah, another one of those...
Yeah, have you tried filing a suit about that?
I mean...
Yeah, I heard something about that.
On your show.
I thought you said the guy was in jail or something, or...
Yeah, yeah.
He got busted.
It's funny, though.
The company is still in business.
They had to clean up their act a little bit.
The owner is...
I don't know if he's actually behind bars yet, but he's on his way.
And they also threw his mom in prison or sentenced her to prison.
But since she was dying of cancer, she may not have had to go.
I haven't wickied that lately, so I'm not...
My revenge gland hasn't been that active lately.
So I don't care.
That's what happens when you rip off Bob.
Something horrible happens to your entire family forever.
They take it from everybody.
Everybody knows to risk Bob's wrath is to risk Bob's wrath.
Everybody knows somebody who has been screwed over by Bob.
And he's not a very merciful type of Allah, you know what I'm saying?
Well, but they asked for it.
They started it.
By trying to rip Bob off, right?
Well, no, but...
They imitate Bob.
Nobody's crazy enough to rip Bob off.
But there's certainly a lot of people who try to...
You know, come on like Bob and...
Use his shtick and so forth.
And, uh...
You know, they all end up on their heads.
What can I say?
Every one of them.
Did Bob Dobbs ever have a son?
You know, like son of Bob Dobbs?
Yeah.
Yeah, he has many sons.
We're all his children.
Sons of Bob.
He's the protector of an entire race of retarded manlings.
I don't know.
Perhaps you see him at the store.
The Barbie doll is based on Barbie Dobbs.
The Mardi Gras is?
The Mardi Gras is?
He has a special child named Bub.
And by special, I mean really special.
Yeah, he can't fly, if that's what you're thinking.
He can't do much of anything but smile and smoke.
You know those little jars in the basement?
He has no eyes or nose.
He just has a mouth and a spine.
He can't close his own zipper?
There's no zipper to close.
He's in a jar in Stang's basement along with those other little skulls.
He feeds them fish food every once in a while to pretend like he's doing something.
Well, they're still alive.
But brains don't eat fish food, Stang.
It means nothing to them.
It's just like you're dropping styrofoam dingleberries on their head.
No, no, it's not.
They're brine shrimp.
It's not cheap fish food.
It's really good.
You know, the kind of brine shrimp you get at the fancy pet stores.
I remember brine shrimp was the worst producer in rock and roll.
And you kept on bringing them to all those parties.
And you kept on puking in the punch.
And then...
No, man.
No, I'm not talking about him.
The former manager of the Rockers for Roche.
I'm talking about sea monkeys.
I'm talking about Artemia Salina.
The saltwater shrimp.
I thought that was the Argentine porn guy.
No, no, no.
Reverend Artemia Salina.
Sea monkeys, man.
What do you think sea monkeys are?

Oh, yeah, right.
The little happy business suited, you know, and rolling pin carrying families of microscopic creatures that you see advertisements for.
Yeah, but Artemia was the biggest ripoff ever.
I mean, it's funny when South Park made fun of it.
Sea man plus sea people equals society.
Biggest ripoff ever until the Church of the Subgenius came along.
I jest, I jest.
2G.
Oh, no, no.
Bob was proudly was voted fraud of the century in Time Magazine's online poll at the turn
of the century.
Yeah, but that was because we stuffed the ballot box.
No.
No, no, no.
Only proving, only proving how much he would deserve that award if that's how he won.
I set up a web program that put like 15,000 votes for Bob Dobbs in the system.
Right.
Yes.
That is important.
But they instantly recognized that those were happening and they discounted those.
Yeah.
So it was something that was a little bit too big of a deal for him.
It was the vote that was going to be the final vote.
It was Pope Phil Monte's manual final vote that tilted it away from his rival, Geraldo
Rivera.
And of course, let's not forget that we did stuff the ballot boxes with brains.
All of those individual brains in the basement made a lot of people pull the right lever
stain.
There's no denying that mind control helped a lot of people push that Dobbs button instead
of that other brain.
You're the one who stole my brain.
other baby you show me your ballot box and i'll stuff it with a lot more than just brains
and wasn't it reverend comrade stalin who said it's not whoever counts the ballot boxes
it's whoever blows the suckers up first
couldn't have said it better myself power comes from the stem of a pipe all right k3 um
appreciate your call we got to keep things moving here you guys have a good one you too praise bob
yeah i have no now if you're missing this gets to get snow gets you did that guy say praise bob
without paying royalty i think he just might have now he's got to write it down no you guys have to
no rob i mean wcsb will have a record of his phone number and i'll call the aspca that's right
ever since the zombies and and fiends took away our precious bodily fluids i've been
feeling like i'm a little bit of a zombie i'm a little bit of a zombie i'm a little bit of a zombie

feeling a little better i i've noticed them oh my respiration is down i i'm breathing at a much
slower rate i hardly wake up in the evening my extremities feel cold uh dear dr winky
frinky am i dying or am i just confused simply a caller
okay oh here's another one i don't know if our president has the credentials
or the inner space i'm sorry
well yeah are you on the air all right we are still on the air can anyone can anyone hear me
i thought i thought we were attacked by those things that stan was talking about those
digital display arm yeah that stuff hello you're on the air yes hello hello hi bernie bernie
welcome to the program sean penn and kate winslet
it's all connected man it sure is it's totally connected and you have to wait till i see all the


You can see the connections.
You and you alone.
That's what makes you special.
You know, Bernie, why haven't you given your dollars to Bob?
Since everybody's ganging up on Bernie,
I'd like to ask why he hasn't donated his pineal gland to the Aerospace Institute.
You were mentioning 1984 earlier.
I think the system we're in right now is soy and green.
Really?
So you think we're eating each other and not enjoying it?
Well, ask yourself.
You must have parents and grandparents.
Where in Barack Obama's stimulus plan is there room for hospitals and nursing homes for the elderly?
I think the teaching in barbecue culinary arts is going to take care of that problem.
I think there's going to be a lot of kids out there that are going to learn how to cook, Grandpa and Grandma.
In my culture, we used to just put them out on the ice when they'd get too old to follow.
But now we preserve them.
It's called temikin.
Yeah.
We use hickory smoke.
It's the old way.
What are you going to do with your grandma, Bernie?
She's already in the ground, unfortunately.
So you're saying not for long?
Because she's a communist and she's made of masonite.
Do you know that before the last Best Actor award that Sean Penn won,
that he endorsed Dennis Kucinich for the presidency on Fox News?
Then he won it that night.
I always enjoyed that story.
So do you think it's because he's Kucinich's supporter?
That's why he won?
Did Dennis Kucinich pull some strings to win this for Sean Penn?
If I could fill in the blanks there, what I was given is National Airwaves on the Lil' Ponty show
in between his endorsement and winning the Best Actor award to discuss my asking Kucinich,
who was then a two-time presidential candidate, to get that direct quote of Herman Goering out of the Senate record.
Well, that proves it.
Well, you're talking to a guy in the wrong house of Congress that you'd want to talk to a senator about that.
Well, I think we'll hear about that in a near future.
Thank you very much.
Bernie, you've been saying that for almost five years now.
I think we heard about it at the first press conference of Barack Obama.
I'm still waiting for the draft.
No, Bernie, he really didn't mention it.
You just thought he did.
Oh, I thought it was very obvious.
I'm sure you did.
Of course you did, Bernie.
And why did Obama say in the press conference that he got it?
You can see things that other people cannot see.
The first black man to ask the question at the press conference of our first so-called black president,
what was the question about?
Our first so-called black president?
What do you mean?
He's not black enough for you?
He's half Irish.
Well, so am I.
What have you got against the Irish, buddy?
I'm sure he does.
And Ireland has something against him for not admitting to it.
Oh, God.
Man.
You know, if it wasn't for Bernie, we just wouldn't know what was going on in the world.
Okay, let me end with this.
What's the most important thing that happened this week that you didn't hear about?
Well, I don't know because I didn't hear about it.
Well, it was only broadcast for a short period of time.
John Cohen Carey in the Middle East was there.
He gave a message from Hamas, a note of some kind.
Yep, yep.
And you know why that's important?
It was Valentine's Day.
No, because everybody laughs.
That's so funny because, you see, I'm a Dina Jad.
I got, obviously, back to Hamas.
So Hamas can say anything about the note to our first, again, Jewish president of the United States.
So wait a second.
Hey, Bernie, Bernie, Bernie, Bernie.
He said, Jack, I wish you had believed.
Bernie, you're in.
That was the text of the note.
Bernie, there you go.
You go again insulting the Irish by ignoring John Carey's Irish ancestry there.
That's the whole point.
He's not.
But, again, Barack Obama, who's half Irish, said, obviously, he allowed that fraud to take place.
Obviously.
Thank you very much for the free speech.
You know, Sean Penn, I saw that movie Milk, and I would have to recommend that.
It's really good.
I'm interested, but I'm lactose intolerant.
I can't.
Is that what they call homophobic?
It's bad. It's heart-rending.
But they did an amazing job of recreating the early Castro Street scene.
I remember it well myself.
I used to go up there to Twin Peaks every evening and look for boyfriends.
Back to your more freewheeling days.
No, in fact, I lived near Castro Street myself, and it was quite a nice neighborhood.
But we had to beat up some old Oriental ladies.
And they were the ones for stealing our change at the laundromat.
They thought it was theirs, and they were wrong.
And we actually got into a physical.
Me and three or four biker friends of mine.
You know, they've reversed the law since then.
Now, it's only legal for old people to beat up young people.
Thank God.
I can go through the rest of my life knowing that I've always been able to beat somebody else up.
Good evening.
Without worrying about it.
Hey, gentlemen, did you hear?
What?
Won the best short film tonight.
I thought it was very interesting.
Awake, Arise, I mean.
Toyland.
Toyland?
Toyland.
Best short film?
Would that be...
An anti-gay film.
It was called Soy.
Even Dwarves started out small.
It was a what?
Dwarves?
Well, he was talking about short films.
Well, the short film tonight, it was an anti-gay film.
It was called Soy.
I thought it was just really ironic.
I don't know if anybody picked that up.
It was an anti-gay film?
Yeah, I don't know if you heard that.
I thought it was kind of interesting.
It was interesting that Milk might have won the best film,
and Soy won the best short film.
I thought it was kind of interesting.
I thought it was short in running time.
It was very short.
Okay, I was confused.
It was so short that the director wasn't even there.
It was that short.
I'm a little sensitive about my height.
And then, guys, what do you think of maybe we need to create
some kind of new Godzilla of our day,
kind of like the Baba Ganoush,
and he could take out the hummus.
What do you think of something like that?
You're talking about fusing cuisines and reptiles?
Well, just all that could have different names.
Yeah, most definitely.
The grape-leaf monster.
You can have, like, the Dolmades,
the Dolmades reptiles,
or a ceratops type thing
that would, like, breathe fire
if it had too much garlic in it and stuff.
I mean, there was the early clover field monster.
You know, the lava plants,
you know, the man-eating lava plants
and stuff like that.
I think something like that would be just...
It would take on a whole different...
Pizza bread flying saucers, man.
What could be more stupid?
Logical, I mean.
What could be more logical?
We could kind of make the new...
We need to make a new Plan 9 from outer space.
So we really do.
And just use...
You know, you should be writing for sitcoms in Hollywood.
You know, it's...
I don't know.
You know what, Reverend?
I don't know about the sitcom scene, though, man.
I don't know.
I think there should just be one sitcom.
And just bring, like, all the characters together.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
You don't partake in that already.
Has that been done?
How about we do something called The Last Sitcom?
No, no, no.
No partaking in sitcoms.
It's called God, the Devil, and Bob.
I like that.
That is a certain smell to it.
It was so bad.
Oh, you already did it?
Yeah.
How come I don't ever see Bob on the God, the Devil, and Bob game?
I'm really disappointed.
Mm-hmm.
Well, we're all disappointed.
Has Bob ever been on the Golf Channel?
The Golf Channel?
Yeah.
Oh, it's the Golf Channel.
The whole Arnold Palmer, you know, conspiracy.
Well, that was a long time ago.
That's the last revival.
I went to a revival in San Francisco.
I know we were just talking about that.
I went to one of the divivals there.
Was that at the Old Stone?
There was a divival at the Stone, at which...
It was like in the 80s, early 80s?
1985.
That's when I was there at that.
I'm sorry.
The Stone on Gary, is it?
Oh, that's right.
We managed to evoke Bob as a...
We brought him back from the dead with a special transmogrifier video thing,
and there was like this fuzzy picture of Bob,
or what might as well have been a shitty rubber Bob mask.
Pardon my language there.
Well, I remember, because I had brought in...
I had brought in like about 10 cans of like Blatts with me,
and I was in the bathroom, in the men's room.
I was like giving them out to people,
and then there was an employee there,
but he kind of just kind of let me slide.
He didn't, you know...
He says, I'm not a Blatts drinker.
I do work here.
You know, it was kind of fun.
And I remember all the watches.
Was that like a...
Was that a ritual that they did at all the vivals,
where everybody put their wristwatches in the...
Yeah, we used to smash the watches.

We used to smash the watches without letting them take the watch off,
but eventually the club owners made us switch over to the version you saw,
where we'd remove the watch and then smash it.
That was beautiful.
There were a lot of lawsuits in those days, weren't there?
Well, not brought on by the people whose hands were smashed.
No, they would always thank us.
They'd try to prevent the lawsuits,
but it was, you know, insurance.
You know how lawyers are.
I was actually wearing my grandfather's Rolex that night.
It was a...
You know, but I enjoy it.
I enjoyed the sound that it made when it got smashed.
It sounded extremely cheap.
I loved it.
Is that a testification to my first revival,
when Stang started smashing a clock,
and he could smell the patchouli in the air.
There were naked women walking around,
offering themselves freely to anybody they saw.
There was some sort of punch, some Kool-Aid or something,
that everybody was being entreated to drink,
although there were already some casualties.
Yeah, we can only do that at X-Day.
Hey, those women were just the roadies, you know?
I remember my first X-Day way back in 98,
and I remember Stang smashing his watch,
and it wasn't a cheap watch either.
It was actually a pretty nice one that someone else had given him.
That was not...
That moment was quite spontaneous.
I remember thinking to myself,
I've got to prove that I really believe.
And it was a 50-buck watch.
The nice thing about it was...
It used to be on the conductor's hand.
...that when I smashed it on the pulpit,
a big piece of it flew up into the air
and fell right in front of one of the cameras that was pointing at us.
So you've got this great little foreground watch smash object.
It was the kind of thing that you would add in with Final Cut Pro nowadays,
but it actually just happened.
Hey, why don't we get Cleveland back on the map
and have, like, the biggest watch smashing event
in the history of the world in Bob's name?
Well, to tell the truth, that watch smashing thing
was invented by former subgenius Pastor Buck Naked,
and I feel kind of bad about using his gag too much
because he hates us now.
A few years ago, actually, Bucky did that at the Beachland.
Had to do the watch smashing.
Other subgeniuses will occasionally do that,
and Bucky almost made the same mistake I did one time,
which was to put the watch on a cinder block at the edge of the stage
and then smash the whole thing with a sledgehammer.
The problem is there are human beings and subgeniuses standing right in front of it,
and the giant pieces of cinder block can fall and break somebody's skull.
Already broken skull.
There's a little nipple in your eye.
A question for Reverend Stang.
How did you find yourself here in Cleveland from Texas?
The most beautiful woman in the world lived in Cleveland.
Charlie Rich?
I came here.
Also, it's closer to the launch pads out in Sherman.
Right, I thought it was a fluke in the trans migration device or whatever it was.
Hey, no, really, it was because of WCSB, the greatest station in the world.
Right.
And my good friends that were doing brain rot radio theater and ESO swamp radio.
And the most beautiful girl in the world.
When will the next revival be?
There are several good reasons.
Also, I wanted to know what snow looks like.
When will the next revival be, Reverend?
In my pants and as soon as this show ends, baby.
The Reverend Ivan Stang will be delivering his next revival.

I'm going to have to get a few sermons in a pair of diapers.
Actually, we just finished one at Atwood Lodge in Delroy, Ohio, during Winter Star.
That went beautifully.
And you'll be hearing it on the hour slack.
We have one coming up in Portland later in the year.
Of course, there's next day and Starwood and there was another one, but I can't remember.
And for more information about the Church of the Subgenius,
I want you to do whatever you want.
But you can, if you wish, look at subgenius.com on the internet.
Or you can write to us for free information at, got that pencil ready?
Post Office Box 181-417.
That's Box 181-417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Here in the US of A.
And we welcome all the new stations that are now playing the show.
Friends, praise God.
And happy new month and year.
Yes, yes, yes.
