This is our world, listener. It's a world full of misery, filth, disease, war, suffering, corruption, hopelessness, and the self-genius power of SWAT.
How they hate us. 84% favor 69% by just 47% of 33%.
The thing about this is, as you notice, we keep changing people throughout, which doesn't mean that any person is completely there.
Nobody's permanent.
Well, no, I know.
No one on this stage is permanent. There is nothing that says that we have to stay.
If you can play or sing or whatever, step up.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Basically, today I learned how to rip-rip-rip-rip-rip-rip-rip.
Last night, I hung out with my friend Bob.
Basically, today I learned how to rip-rip-rip-rip-rip-rip.
Last night, I hung out with my friend Bob.
I hung out with my friend Bob.
I hung out with my friend Bob.
I hung out with my friend Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Basically today I learned how to rip, rip, rip, rip, rip, rip, rip.
Last night I hung up on a friend, Bob.
The dramatic advent of such fascinating objects
as those which were first called flying saucers
attracted the inevitable attention of those individuals
who let their imaginations run away with their voracity.
By 1950, some of these characters were beginning to spin their stories
of fantastic conversations with alleged space people.
Some of them expanded the stories to alleged rides in the UFOs.
Something, everything went black and I realized
that I'd been cut off and shut off for the most time.
Nobody was listening to me.
And I was talking to this hot little plush felt red rubber tip microphone
not hearing a thing and seeing only little tiny lights
and wondering why I was strapped to this chair
and put into this studio that seemed to be rotating very rapidly
with lights and lights.
And it was a small man with a swollen head
and hideously deformed eyes
sitting behind the console pushing the button
while pencils of light and energy flashed across my body.
And I wondered why I was there and what did they want of me.
And I couldn't figure out why I was sitting there.
And they didn't say anything.
They just kept flashing those lights at me
and pumping those strange chemicals into me.
And the man with the funny head, the leader,
the man with the strange grin and the pipe.
Well, I just want to know,
do you want to do it?
Do you want to be in the church?
At the church?
And where is there?
Yeah.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up
and it wasn't really a dream
until I saw these sacred nasal positions.
And suddenly it all came back to me.
I realized they'd stolen four and a half hours out of my life
when they put the...
Where is that noise coming from?
There's a nasty...
Hum.
Who's humming?
Which one of you people is giving me a hum job right this minute?
One of you is a 60 cycle signal.
Two months ago, the observatory issued a press statement
that the world was coming to an end.
Yes, sir.
Our conclusions have nothing to do with the cult.
No, sir.
Oh.
The cult is full of superstition and mysticism.
You've got the people pretty angry.
It doesn't matter.
You mean that all mankind will go violently insane?
What's behind that?
The self-genius.
Power of...
What?
It was very popular.
Well, it lasted.
Popular?
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
Bob, that's the high priest.
I was talking to him yesterday.
Well, we'd better get going.
Hallelujah.
Dr. Hal is here.
And he's tattooing some sort of a mystic alien lure
on Princess Wee's chest.
Wait a minute.
What did I...
Oh, okay.
Well, the...
Actually, no, it's not that bad,
but the aliens have been rupturing us a little bit at a time.
That was one thing we figured out about X-Day.
Every year, every one of us is missing a few more parts.
In some cases, it's really obvious,
like hair, brain cells,
morals, memory.
And in my case, they took my...
They're taking my hearing little by little.
So if you see me doing that or looking confused, that's why.
Okay.
What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what?
What, what, what?
What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what?
What?
Oh, right.
I'm at the Slacker Mansion Studio in Cleveland Heights.
And it's hour of Slack number 1100.
All right.

1100 and 14.
Friends, it's hard to keep track.
We've been on the road a lot.
The last event was the Total Devotional here in Cleveland,
where we annually worship our rival cult, Devo.
There will, therefore, be some weird Devo covers coming up in this and future shows.
But we're also still at 10X Day with Dr. Howell, as you just heard.
Probably better than I could.
And there may...
There may even be some sermonizing from Starwood 27.
And we're catching up on the stockpiled collages by Fernanda Nende-Lee-Murr,
which opened the show and closed it.
And thanks to Reverend Norrell Preff of norrellpreff.com for his collages,
such as when he hung out with Bob.
And as we're about to hear from WREK Atlanta,
Reverend Susie the Floozy's collage about humanity's attempt,
to kill Bob.
1-2-0!
1-2-0!
1-2-0!
1-2-0!

Can't you drive it away?
If you have an idea how to do it, won't you tell us?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gentlemen, we have tried every force known to us.
We can't kill him.
We have failed.
What are you going to do now?
Just wait.
Till he goes away.
This is a news bulletin from the WGBS radio newsroom.
A tape-recorded press release has just been delivered to this station,
as well as several others in the city,
from an unidentified group,
who claim to have kidnapped an experimental nuclear reactor.
Oh, yeah!
The terrorists claim it is hidden somewhere in the Wilton district,
and that the area should be evacuated immediately.
Here is part of the tape we received.
If $10 million in gold bullion is not delivered by jet
to a ship 200 miles due east of Washington,
we are going to overload the reactor
and flush fallout into the atmosphere
that won't disappear for years.
Either you're with us or you're with the terrorists.
And, um...
You're either with us or against us.
Um...
It means that we have to move quickly.
Move in a way that is, uh...
Uh...
Effective and sometimes lethal.
Right!
And...
Let's get cleaned up.
And...
Find a drink before the bar is closed.
We're on the hunt.
Dutch, don't talk about that stuff.
God, Dutch, how are you?
Nancy and I are hooked on heroin.
Well, thank you, Dutch.
It'll be too late by then, won't it, Reverend Staines?
If you want a picture of the future,
imagine a pipe smoking in a human face forever.
Godzilla!
At last!
Abort firings! Abort firings!
Interception will fragment bacilli-carrying missiles.
Repeat, abort firings!
Three billion human lives ended.
The survivors of the nuclear fire called the war Judgment Day.
They lived only to face a new nightmare.
The war against the machines.
You'll use the fine art of threat with Bob.
You realize you've got to slow Bob down.
Do you know why?
To strike at Bob in some way.
What are you going to do?
Well, I suppose I should kick Bob.
I wouldn't if I were you.
All right, I'll do it.
But of course, only as a lesson to Bob.
Right.
No, you're not worried about Bob.
And living in Bob's home makes it all so easy.
And on the morning of the third day, as you're about to leave the house,
you run into Bob downstairs.
All right, Bob.
You asked for this.
I haven't asked for anything.
Perhaps. Perhaps not.
But how hard do you want me to kick Bob?
Quite.
Quite?
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
He might not like it if Bob...
Oh, Bob wouldn't mind.
Yes, I know.
I've already done it.
Had fun?
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
What the tea?
It's on fire.
Would you tell me if my face was on fire,
Dr. Howe. I would tell you but on that great day when the sea shall give up her
dead and the dreadful judge in middle air shall spread his throne then it is
said there shall be weeping and gnashing of mandibles and I'm afraid on that day
you might not even notice that your fire was on face.
But of course we are far from that now at our peaceful pleasant bucolic rural remove here at
the Brushwood campgrounds at X Day 10 where no one's face is on fire yet. But we will tell you
if your face is on fire because you're among friends. We're not the kind who are just going
to sit around and go kind of like that guy's face is on fire and he doesn't even know.
I'm not going to tell him.
No we'll let you know and we'll even if we happen to notice that your pants are unzipped or something we'll let you know.
I'm sorry to bother you.
They always do when I walk out on stage with my pants unzipped.
Did you know that your trousers are unsnapped? Kindly take care of that thing.
But on the other hand some subgeniuses keep it that way.
That's right.
As one of them said I like it that way. It saves time.
Yes like the old story about the old man.
Yes.
About the spoon and the piece of string. But we don't have time to tell every sad tale that comes our way.
There are some things to announce though.
If you all haven't taken a look at it there's a wonderful work of art curated by Susie the Floozy taking shape over there.
The giant subgenius X Day 10 comic strip.
And right over there now you can see Pantiera working on it.
Lots of hands have gone into its construction.
And there's still more work to do.
Although you shouldn't draw on people's extant artwork.
You should feel free to embellish.
Embellish even if it be in the margins.
To make it a rich document for all time.
To be enshrined in the hall of subgenius martyrs.
Yeah and we're going to need a really big scanner.
If anybody's got a scanner that's like 3 feet by 13 feet.
Or a non-scanner.
Or a not so dithery digital camera to click many snaps which can be combined through the miraculous agency of Photoshop.
Hey this must be a clue Sarge said Nobby who'd returned to his default activity of mooching about and poking at things to see if they were valuable.
Look someone dumped a load of stinking old rubbish here.
He'd wandered across to a plinth which did indeed appear to be piled high with rags.
Don't touch that please said Sir Reynolds rushing over.
That don't talk to me about Mondays.
It's Daniela Rina Powter's most controversial quark.
You didn't move anything did you he added nervously.
It's literally priceless and she's got a sharp tongue on her.
It's only a load of old rubbish Nobby protested backing away.
Art is greater than the sum of its mere mechanical components.
It's a bonus corporal said the curator.
Surely you would not say that Caravattia's three large pink women and one piece of gauze is just a lot of old pigment.
What about this one then said Nobby pointing to the adjacent plinth.
It's just a big stake with a nail in it.
Is this art too?
Freedom if it was ever on the market it would probably fetch $30,000.
Said Sir Reynolds.
For a bit of wood with a nail in it said Fred Colon.
Who did it?
After he viewed Don't Talk to Me About Mondays Lord Veterinary graciously had Miss Powter nailed to the stake by her ear said Stitch.
However she did manage to pull free during the afternoon.
I bet she was mad said Nobby.
Not after she won several awards for it.
I believe she's planning to nail her.
She's got herself to several other things.
It could be a very exciting exhibition.
Tell you what then sir said Nobby cheerfully.
Why don't you leave the old big frame where it is and give it a new name like Art Theft.
No said Sir Reynolds coldly.
That would be foolish.
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The end
The End
The End
The End
The End

The End









The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
The End
Has the same number of tails face up.
Yes, it has.
Yeah.
And remember.
Suffer another night of torture.
This amazing invention has uncomfortable straps or headgear.
To learn more about the amazing, great, healthy head straps, go to ASS.com.
Dot com.
And after we do our little theological broadcast, hop, skip, and a jump here,
we're going to do, if I'm incorrect, please correct me, Reverend Stang,
the second half of the Bulldada auction.
That's right.
And there's some great materials here.
Yesterday.
Unbelievable stuff.
For $37 or something, one guy back there got not only everything you can get
from the Church.
The Church of the Subgenius in digital form.
I mean, it was like, it would cost you $5,000 to buy that much from the sales shack.
But he took our, when we said it was valuable, he believed us.
And he got the deal of the century.
Now, the second half of that deal is here.
Are you going to let him beat you out again, friend?
Incredible treasures are here.
Just because he's smarter than you?
Esoteric prizes.
What kind of a subgenius are you?
Are you going to let somebody prove their...
They're smarter?
Well, probably.
Because that's one definition of the term subgenius.
Greater than all the jeweled splendors of Far Cafe and the temples of Ind.
For example, we have Rocknar's mom's UFO occult kook book collection.
All the paperbacks which hysterically assure you of the imminence of the UFO invasion.
Yeah, these are the ones that we grew up with, too.
They're paperbacks, not hardcovers.
Yes, they're wonderful.
They have that look.
They just radiate occult kookdom.
And that entire collection is just one of the things which we will put up for sale here on this stage in just a while at the Bulldada auction.
As Nenslow put it, yes, I, too, remember that first walk down the occult aisle of the used bookstore.
Ah, it does take one back to memories.
And there...
Mouldering on the shelf are Mary Baker Eddy's work on theosophy.
The secret science behind miracles by Max Freedom Long.
And its companion piece, Huna Magic.
And, of course, standing prominent among them all, the secret teachings of all ages.
Oh, that's available over there?
By Manly Palmer Hall.
No, it's not available.
I mean, that's what you used to see when you walked into an occult bookstore.
Now, just try to find any of that stuff.
Even the cheap reprint with the plastic fake leather cover that's not like the real...
That's the one I have.
Well, even that one is impossible to get these days.
Yeah, friends.
The secret teachings of all ages.
The secret teachings of all ages by Manly P. Hall.
Man, that book, that has everything in it.
You practically don't need the Church of the Subgenius when you have that.
Of course you do, to make everything refined and clear.
Well, yeah, the Church of the Subgenius is the secret teachings of all ages by Manly P. Hall.
Compressed in easy-to-read form and modernized so that it's pertinent to today's seeker.
It doesn't have the musty gloom of ancient semi-senile Rosicrucian mutterings and unopened Egyptian tombs.
That is, the book of the Subgenius doesn't.
But the secret teaching of all ages, I mean, it's got a little transparency.
And you can move Bacon's face over Shakespeare's and...
Look!
Bacon was Shakespeare.
It's got all these things in it.
But, as I was saying, the occult section of the bookstore, if there is even a bookstore,
if there is even an occult section, has self-help books by Donald Trump in it.
And it no longer has these wonderful curios that we gazed at in slack-jawed admiration as proto-subgenies.
Friends.
When you're a young subgenius, you'll believe everything you read.
And, boy, that's a great time in your life.
Your education expands.
You become full of falsehoods and bullshit to such an amazing point.
And then comes the long climb even higher where you, one by one, learn about the hoaxes.
You know...
The self-delusions.
The stang-eye-ever.
The suckers.
The fuckers.











Almost making you somewhat uncomfortable.
But, a number of years ago, I just dumped my whole occult library.
I just got...
I felt...
I didn't want it anymore.
I saved a few things, but, for the most part, out it all went.
Well, mine went into the basement where all the canisters of souls of the subgeniuses are.
So you can fish it out.
I still have mine.
I still have the book of Abramel and the Mage, the Malleus Maleficantius.
Karam, of course.
Some things like that.
But, you know, most of it I felt good riddance to bad rubbish.
Why do I need these occult scribblings when I am now in the church of the subgenius?
How many shitty rip-offs called the Necronomicon do you really have to have on your shelf?
Yes, really.
That occurs again and again.
Though I do have a copy of the Voynich manuscript, in fact, that I was unable to get.
I didn't want to get rid of it.
But, you know...
The one on human skin?
Nobody else would want such a thing, so I kept that.
But I got rid of most of it, I gotta tell you.
Because now that I'm in the church of the subgenius, we don't need these obtuse alchemical rants from pathetic ergot-influenced progenitors.
Right, we have our own.
And no doubt, although I hate to see it as a sort of a stick-in-the-mud luddite,
in the future we will drop even some...
Some of the solid ramifications of the church of the subgenius that you all own in the form of the subgenius book.
Future subgenius books may be injected, friends, subcutaneously.
Book pills are just around the corner.
You may be invaded by a train of juddering subgenius nanobots,
which will inculcate all the wisdom of Dobbs into your cerebral cortex
and take up a comfortable residence in the anterior frontal lobe.
I've always used the term sh median spectrum representization to stress the need to MeuP to

Decentral performances are just anything that we can caller into a different department.
I am positional.

Next is the actually sound.




collar he's not going very far differently saned persons has it occurred to you that with the
explosive growth of the church since the deal was originally made that perhaps we might not all fit
in the saucers has it occurred to you damn this place would be better this place would be fantastic
if it weren't for all these damn pinks is your idea of slack a scorched earth nuclear wasteland
well then then dig in with the wait wait come backists we might not get there to start with
but we'll get there in the end and I'll help you there
Reverend absinthe that explains his schism the white white come backists at X day with a leash
around his neck being held
by Pope s Pantiera who took him as a slave that romantic day at that festival at Brushwood before
that we heard some cut-ups by lemur and a cut from the audiobook of thud by Terry Pratchett
talking about art there as speaking of geeks the total devotional was a huge success at least for
us devotees and this year I was amazed and heartbroken by the fact that I was able to get
to see so many lovely girl geeks there there's hope for matings boys and more about that later
so don't give up hope yet we all suffer growing pains but which happens to be the name of this song
upcoming this devo ish song by occupant
you
so young
so strong
ignorance is bliss
fenced in
caught up again
in a place like this
dig in with the wait wait
people set a trap for you
usually you know what for wraiths
you're just another lab experiment
and your easy to replace
Too soon, too soon, centers overload.
Brought down, changed out of town, another dangerous road.
Should be a problem of biology, it's a choice you never made.
The seed is setting, you're subjected to a lethal dose of growing waste.
Take it through, laws were mostly made for fools.
Given I would be a husband who never was.
Does it chew up with veins that grow?
So young, so strong, ignorance is bliss.
Thin skin, caught up again, in a place like this.
People set a trap for you, using you, no waffle grains.
You're just another lab experiment, and you're easy to replace.
Should be a problem of biology, it's a choice you never made.
The seed is setting, you're subjected to a lethal dose of growing waste.
So young, too strong, ignorance is bliss.
Playin' withinnants, hard up on the
world the, the world the, world the, you gotta to play tough.
So young, too strong, ignorance is bliss.
That was Occupant,
who is reachable at myspace.com slash occupant.
And I got that from this year's annual collection of Devo covers,
which is a CD called Not Necessarily Beautiful,
But Mutated.
Thanks to Reverend Toth Wilder and DevoObsesso.com.
In fact, that music that I was just playing,
and will play again, in fact,
is a version of Girl You Want by Steve O. Lucian Dawn
from that self-same album.
And thanks also to Reverend Michael Pilmer.
And now, back to live hour of slack
at X Day with Dr. Howell
and home movies of your private life.
We are all set to project that.
And what the...
We have Lonesome Cowboy Dave calling in
right in the middle of our Bobcast.
And what's he allow?
Reverend Stang?
I'm trying to make him...
I'm trying...
Dave, I have you up against the microphone,
so yell.
He sounds like a buzzing insect.
I couldn't hear a solitary word.
No, it sounds...
I can hear him in the phone.
The mayfly.
Here today, gone tomorrow.
Evanescent, like snow upon the water.
Dave, you sound like a buzzing insect
when I put you up against the mic.
A poisonous, blood-sucking nightfly.
That's why we said you needed to be here.
Not a bee.
You can't just phone in.
This is a different kind of radio.
No, that one doesn't work.
That's not...
That's a wild mic that's a little too wild for us to use.
Right.
Well, we're on stage all the time, all day, every day.
So whenever you...
Right.
When you come out here, then we have shut things down,
but that's usually because it's real late at night.
So why don't you come out here,
and we won't shut it down, I promise.
Yeah, Dave!
Come on, man!
Dave's not here.
He's not here, man.
You hear him?
They've got torches, tar and feathers ready to go, Dave.
And curious 19th century agricultural implements
waving in the air, just waiting for you to get here.
Yeah, these are the fashionable kinds of tar and feathers, Dave.
So really, you should get your butt out here.
The festival is going on.
Yes.
The festival will fester without you.
Yeah.
Let me put you back with Princess Wee.
Well, folks, that was actually a call from Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
who can't be physically present at the moment,
but may be among us before long.
So what's on the agenda for this broadcast?
Well, we know that that wasn't an imposter,
because an imposter would have been on time.
This way we know it was really Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
and he's still lonesome right now.
But soon he'll be joining us.
Yeah, now...
I empathize.
Lonesome!
A fiery cloud of dust and a hearty lonesome!
The Lonesome!
With his Indian, that's what we think.
Nowhere in the pages of history can one find the Lonesome again!
Lonesome!
When Deputy Pete McCool captured Lonesome
and brought him to the jail in the Town of Unity,
he grabbed the deputy and started,
and he was back towards shore.
Ah, thanks, Indian.
It was an hour later when the Lonesome regained consciousness.
But at first he wasn't aware of that.
He blinked and muttered,
Um, this mask means I'm an outlaw.
Why?
I found your pocket.
Yeah.
You know, I...
Yeah.
Uh...
From PR News in Washington, I'm gonna be the gas station.
Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld says PR's bad.
It was bad.
And errors were made.
But a cover-up has been presented or put forward.
U.S. military officials say PR's bad when it explodes.
I know nothing.
On Wall Street 9212543.
The J. Paul Getty Museum and the Italian government will be killed.
Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, killed.
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson says this is subprime PR news.
X Day really is, aside from being a drill for the end of the world, it's the migration
of the subgeniuses to our breeding ground here in Brushwood.
And so wear your mating ritual outfits.
In some cases that might be nothing but your tattoos and your nose ring.
In other cases it might be your complete battle armor.
So, you know, it's up to you.
I'm going to wear my suit.
Just because that's the weirdest thing I could think of to wear.
Nobody here has ever seen me in a normal suit.
Where Dr. Howell is always in a nice suit.
So I don't know.
Anyway, that is happening tonight.
And there will be lots of dancing.
We've got to provide music.
You know, our DJ, DJ Shaver, is not here because he's getting married.

Friends, subgenius matings are happening all over the place.
That's right. Busting out all over.
There was a time.
Now we've been accused of being a sausage fest.
And I have to admit that looking at this crowd right now,
my sausage is not feeling especially festive.
Because it's mostly a bunch of guys.
But in the baptism it wasn't that way.
Oh, thanks for showing your tits, Reverend Brain Leak.
Well, now let's not be...
bitter.
The Bob-tism like any part of...
Well, the girls are all getting fixed.
They're all getting dressed up.
They're putting on their fancy dubs.
That's right.
Or taking them off.
However they wish to adorn themselves for this upcoming natal ceremony.
No, but it's true.
Back in the early days in Dallas,
it was a very small sausage fest.
But we lied.
And we acted like it was a sex contest.
And we were a cult.
And you know, if you tell a big enough lie,
people believe it.
And so it came true.
And that's...
You know, Magdalene and Jesus met out here.
Actually, Princess Wee and I met out here.
And we...
There's been many, many matings.
And little Yeti...
You'll see the little Yeti children scampering around.
Shambling under the trees.
Yeah, they shamble in a cute way.
And their little corkscrew tails are real cute.
The Volkerdings have one.
Dr. Drummond has, at the age of 89,
has become a dad again.
An extraordinary subgenius offspring.
Yes, he had to deal with childcare
and reinforcing a new containment vessel for the offspring.
But he might be back with Chaos McBobcat
and the young'un,
whose subgenius church epithet I know.
I cannot at the moment remember.
Maybe you know it, Stang.
Which? What's the baby's name?
What's the name of the phylo of the...
Yeah, the Uber baby.
The Uber baby?
The super-pooping, booby Uber baby.
That's what I get for asking.
Yes, friends.
There is a new efflorescence,
a new crop of subgeniuses
popping up through the fertile soil.
Because the great wheel of time goes forward.
And the Church of the Subgenius is a juggernaut
that doesn't stand still,
but eternally rolls forward.
The Church is like the masked killer
waiting outside your parents' window
to kill them,
so that you can be free,
yes, free,
to spread the seed word of Bob.
Now, uh...
And I was one of the first subgenius dads, folks.
I had two kids that were raised in the Church.
So much so that when the book of the subgenius
was first published,
and we got the very first copy in my house,
I put it on our little low coffee table,
and I went out of the room for a minute,
left my two-year-old daughter in there with it.
When I came back,
the book was soaking wet on the cover.
And I...
She was standing there looking sheepish.
And I said...
I looked from the book to her and I said,
Sivit?
Did you climb up on that table,
squat over that book,
and pee on it?
She said,
It was a accident.
Real cutely.
She was born in the time of pee.
She was born...
She knew what to do automatically.
She never even had to be taught.
And to this day,
she's one of the few other people who can go
perfectly.
Very early in her life,
she learned to pee on the Church of the Subgenius.
Yes, and...
She has pro...
She just got married herself last week.
I didn't conduct that wedding.
A Catholic priest did.
And that means I'm gonna have tons of grandchildren, friends.
Little Yeti kids.
And I made sure that the guy she was marrying
was of the blood.
Of the cloth, yes.
He passed the baseball bat test,
which is what every subgenius father puts...
Daters,
those who would court his daughter.
You wait behind the door,
and when the young man walks in,
you hit him on the back of the head
with a baseball bat
as hard as you can.
And if he lives, he is worthy.
And to...
To breed little Yetis with your beloved child.
Is that the hardest you can hit, pops?
That's... So...
We...
So, friends, things are looking up.
Now all we have to do is
hope that the conspiracy doesn't come
and take them all away from us
on account of having a copy of both the subjects.
We have to find the real subgenius,
or a few JPEGs from subgenius.com.
You must remove all subgenius images from your home.
Go, go, go!
I saw my baby yesterday.
I saw my baby yesterday.
She spent her money on a car.
Spent her money on a brand new car.
It didn't get away far.
You know it didn't go that far.
And so my baby said to me...
You know my baby said to me...
You know my baby...
She said, stop me.
She said, stop me.
She said, stop me.
I think I'm in a hole-in-a,
hole-in-a,
hole-in-a...
...
She said, stop me.
She said, stop me.
She said, stop me.
I think I'm in a hole-in-a,
hole-in-a,
hole-in-a...
Go, go, go,
go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Go, go, go,
I saw my baby yesterday
I saw my baby yesterday
She spent her money on a car
Spent her money on a brand new car
It didn't get her very far
You know it didn't go very far
And so my baby said to me
You know my baby said to me
You know my baby
She said stop it
She said stop it
She said stop it
I think I'm in trouble
Oh la, oh la, oh la
She said stop it
She said stop it
She said stop it
I think I'm in trouble
Oh la, oh la, oh la
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Diva, the all-girl Devo cover band did that.
They are at myspace.com
slash Devo
Devo Lurement
Mm, mm, mm
And before Devo and Dr. Hal
We heard PR News and The Longeur
From Lemur
But now, Nowrel Pref
Drinking and flying
Drink, drink, drink
Some ass drank heavily before their scheduled launches
And none of this can we say for certain
That they factually did or did not occur
Heavy drinking alcohol
Hard ass
Whack, whack
Higher, higher, higher, higher
A bizarre ass love triangle
I wanna make one other point
I wanna make one other point
Make one other point
One other point
Barbecue in the afternoon
Barbecue in the afternoon
Support this surge
Let's get behind
Let's get behind
Barbecue in the afternoon
It was very badly mismanaged for nearly the first four years
This is a historic
Barbecue in the afternoon
Give us some time
The reality is that, um, dum, dum, dum
The reality, reality, reality, reality
Marriage should be between a man and a man and a man and a man and a man
And increasing the number of abortions
Which is something
Which is something ultimately
Ultimately
Ultimately
And ultimately with barbecue in the afternoon
We picked up the phone and took the call
That long distance was just a dream
We picked up the phone and took the call
Which should be between at maybe 2 hours or before
Which should be between at maybe 2 hours midday
Which should be between at maybe 2 hours or before
This is a long-awaited thing


Zie from the
contract
You gotta
You gotta
But falling in love, ain't a better thing to do.
🎵
Bobby and Ken in that great big pot.
He forgot to make it home one night.
🎵
Know what you see.
🎵
Simply can't be right.
Looks like the pot is worse than it's bite.
Why can't you have your cake and eat it too?
Why believe in things that make it tough on you?
Why scream and cry when you know it's true?
Why fall in love, ain't a better thing to do.
🎵
🎵
🎵
🎵


He's young and in love, though he just runs easy.
He asked her what was wrong and she shot back violently.
Are you kidding me?
You must be kidding me.
🎵
🎵
You are him up to pieces in a fit of jealousy.
Why can't you have your cake and eat it too?
Why believe in things that make it tough on you?
Why scream and cry when you know it's true?
Why fall in love when there are better things to do?
That was Reverend Samantha, dear friends, who is actually a beautiful young woman.
And her band, the Mutant Mountain Boys, who are actually half-girls.
And findable at myspace.com slash devofan.
They're all at myspace.com.
So am I, but I hardly ever look at it because it's so slow.
Much faster, friends, is subgenius.com, which, if you go to the radio page of subgenius.com,
offers downloads and podcasts of this show and logs with links to more of our contributors.
Such as Norell Preff.
What's your beef?
String your son up on a ramp and put a shackle around his legs.
And hoist your son into the air and cut his throat and let his blood drop upon the floor.
String millions of people all over the world and cut their throats and let their blood fall on the ground.
Go, go.
If you look into the Old Testament of the Bible,
you'll find instructions from God to slaughter millions of people all over the world.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Ladies and gentlemen, there are some among us who need to leave and they didn't want to miss the auction.
And so we're going to do something very unusual now.
We're going to close down this broadcast and open up the auction.
And then after we...
After we auction a few things off, we'll return and conclude our Bobcast.
This is just so some of our friends who are in the grip of time will be able to cast their bids.
Did you say Bobcast?
Are we doing that?
I didn't know. I've never heard that term.
Oh, well, I use it all the time. I mean...
I heard you say podcast, you know, but the podcast is really after the fact.
It's a real radio broadcast.
Yes.
I do them. I do them on my show.
We have TV sets all over New York right now.
Well, we've also in SF broadcast illegal signals and illegal TV signals, broadcast my show illegally on TV.
Done all of that, but...
Oh, is that so?
Yep.
K-Rob hacks into the local TV stations.
It was actually Dr. Monkey of Pirate Cat Radio, but this is...
Oh, that's right. We wouldn't want to...
...to our audience.
You can't receive this signal out here anyway, but you can download the podcast. Download the podcast.
So, just as...
Bobcast. The Bob?
The Bobcast.
The Bobcast.
The Bobcast.
It's in England. It's the Bobcast.
The Bobcast.
Well, Aunt Bertha and the Children's Bible Hour, a rival religious group, did their Godcast.
I'm just saying a Bobcast, which seems appropriate.
Okay, it's just funny because we never...
I've never heard that term before.
But now you have, because the new always arrives mixed in with the old.
Okay, so what have we got to auction here?
All sorts of things, friends.
All sorts of wonderful things.
The treasures of time lie high.
It earns coins and monuments scarce below the roots of some vegetables,
but we shall uncover them soon in the deep discovery of the subterranean world.
Some of you may not be content to rake the bowels of Potosi or regions toward the center,
but nature hath furnished one part of the earth and man another.
And now, Reverend Stang is pulling from the coffers and treasure chests of the subs
the incredible items which we are going to offer.
My God, look at that one.
A rejected Cafe Press shirt.
The church is subgenius.
That's the ultimate question.
And now, come on, you guys.
Is this a joke or a religion?
Why not both?
It's the only one that admits it's full of crap.
That makes it kind of like the only one that's not full of crap.
Yeah, it's the paradoxes of Bob equal the paradoxes of life.
Good old Robert Anton Wilson understood that.
Since the last time I was here,
Pope Bob Wilson...
went over...
He boarded the escape vessels ahead of us.
He had a first-class ticket.
A few of you may not know that Robert Anton Wilson died.
He picked January 11th to do it on.
One, one, one.
The joker to the end.
And he went out knowing that he was loved
because towards the end he was hurting for money
and in no time at all,
the Wilson fans and the discordians and the subgenius,
and probably the Flying Spaghetti Monsterites,
raised thousands of bucks.
So he was probably able to afford a really good coffin at that point.
But friends, I have to say here,
without Pope Bob and also his pal,
the late, great Saint Robert Shea,
and their book, Illuminatus,
there'd still be a Bob
and there'd still be a Church of the Subgenius,
but we wouldn't...
We wouldn't get it.
You know, we wouldn't have heard of it.
Bob would just be still selling it to other rich conspiracy jerks.
But on the other hand,
it could be that we only think we get it anyway.
See, only Bob really knows.
Bob Wilson used to go around making everybody a pope
and as a good copycat,
I'm going to make every one of you all subgenius ministers
whether you want it or not.
You're all ordained.
You're all ordained ministers now.
And the Church of the Subgenius
and the Universal Life Church.
Bob wants you ordained just for being here.
That's all he needed to know.
Who calls me villain,
breaks my pate across,
plucks up my beard and blows it in my face,
creaks me by the nose,
gives me the lie,
the throat is deepest to the lungs.
Who does me this?
Who calls me villain,
breaks my pate across,
plucks up my beard and blows it in my face,
freaks me by the nose,
gives me the lie,
the throat is deepest to the lungs.
Who does me this?
Who calls me villain,
breaks my pate across,
plucks up my beard and blows it in my face,
freaks me by the nose,
gives me the lie,
the throat is deepest to the lungs.
Who does me this?
He, he, he,
He, he, he, he,
he, he, he, he, he, he.
And thanks to Norrell Preff for that one.
This is the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
And you can get more information about that from Post Office Box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 or subgenius.com.
And to close out, friends, I've got a truly unique version of Devo's anthem, Jaco Homo, by our friend Reverend Wilhelm Stahlhelm.
And he sent me this tune with a letter that says this.
There are no live performances here, he says, with the exception of my vocals and accordion playing.
All the other tracks were built from inserting literally hundreds of tiny samples.
That I adjusted for pitch and timing, including percussion, all done on a single PC.
As an experiment, I used Devo's original track as a template and guide.
And gradually built up my own instrument tracks to the point where the original track was dropped out and removed.
Leaving only my craftsmanship and reconstruction behind to produce the music you now hear.
It was dark silver.
So Bob, if you don't mind, could you paste the picture of the whole song in your自己?



dictionary
pie
artery
graph
pass
lot
typing
We are evil
We are devil
We are devil
Are we not men?
We are evil
Are we not men?
Its evil
Are we not kids?
We are evil
What did he do?
He beat me to death
Gage was crazy
Are we not men?
We are evil
Are we not men?
Its evil
Are we not kids?
We are devil
Are we not men?
It is evil
Its evil
Its evil
Its evil
Its evil
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
Good night.
