The mind of man has always longed to know what lies beyond the world we live in.
Explorers have ventured into the deeps and the heights.
Of these explorers, some are scientists, some are mystics.
Each is driven by a different purpose.
The one thing they share in common is a wish to cross the borderlands that lie beyond...
The subgenius power of slack.
Stand by.
Stand by, please.
1-3-0-1-3
1-3-0-1-3
1-3-0-1-3
1-3-0-1-3
1-3-0-1-3-6
1-3-0-1-3-6
1-3-0-1-3-6
1-3-0-1-3-6
1-3-0-1-3-6
1-3-0-1-3-6
1-3-0-1-3-6
1-3-0-1-3-6
1-3-0-1-3-6
Helis shedsではed.
If you're right...
1-3-0-1-3-6
Sit re-enter the underground trio and you will find your place 5 star- súper reflections down end sweet過 to the back into the give sender admission
out of condoms, it's just the right size for five or six of them.
Some of them get the hard first aid kit in the box.
Do we really? We have a box of real condoms in the first aid kit? Oh, yeah, I wanted to mention...
The ones with Bob and Connie on them?
This may come as a dreadful surprise, but the official medical team here,
at least until Nikki Death Chick arrives, is Princess Wee and myself.
I actually had ambulance technician training. Oh, he's performed medical experiments before.
Don't worry, you'll be in good hands on the island of Dr. Stan.
My human millipede was a tragic problem. A run of the millipede.
We have a first aid kit.

And some pills for diarrhea and stuff like that.
And there's plenty of subgenius mama type people who probably have plenty of remedies in their bags.
Oh, is that splinter hurting you here? Let me pull that splinter out.
While Dr. Drummond slams your ankles with a sledgehammer, you won't feel that splinter a bit.
No, no, no.
So there's plenty of medical-ish...
attention.
But the easiest way to deal with it is not to become injured in the first place.
Right. Don't, you know, where it says, don't swim down to old C. Quas Den.
Look, I know you're subgenius. That's your cue to do just that very thing.
But in this particular case, you might not want to.
Or, you know, I've noticed the, if you go hiking on the trails out here,
which I very strongly recommend as a trail hiker,
there are occasional yellow ribbons, you know, like a yellow ribbon that keeps,
to keep you from going further into that part of the woods.
That's because there is no that part of the woods.
You'll go off of a cliff.
Either that or it's all that part of the woods.
Right. Yeah.
There are some really steep cliffs.
And dumbasses, as well as subgeniuses,
have lately been known to go plummeting into the depths.
Not at this campground, but at nearby ones, near Athens.
The gravity's really fierce around here.
Yes, and it will get tougher, too.
There were supposed to be thunderstorms and earthquakes today.
Well, we had some thunderstorm last night,
distant thunder, the Borg Erygmus of Heaven,
and the earthquake may be felt in individual tents,
if the truth be known.
I've got an earthquake in my pants.
Well, just let it out.
I've got a tornado in my tummy.
I've got a tsunami in my bladder.
Well, that's a most interesting staying.
And don't forget, every time they buy...
I've got a beehive in my nutsack.
...Revelation X, the Baba Parvati,
and a hypochryphon.
There is a sort of generalized slack that is generated.
You'll have to sign to me,
and I'll have to guess just as much.
It's difficult to communicate with His Excellency.
Oh, no, no, I was just...
He was just spouting about the urogenital system.
Yeah, I have a little jar back here, Paisies.
I was using it, in fact, when you were talking to me.
Oh, no worries.
Well, were you going to go pee for me or something?
I wish you would.
When is a door not a door?
When it is a jar.
Yeah, why do you think we put this picnic table cover here?
So that you can't see our groupies.
I thought it was so they can't see your feet.
You know, you never want them to see your feet.
Oh, it's the old problem of looking at the videos later
and clearly seeing yourself reach under there
and kind of scratch your groin.
It's amazing what they can get with availability.
Well, I see there's quite a lot of activity going on
around the sales table over there.
It could be people are laying up treasures here on Earth
as they will soon in Heaven.
Ah, yes.
Do you have those cufflinks that look like Bob Dobbs?
The problem is, who wears French cuffs?
Come on, I mean, even I don't.
I would if I had them.
I sell a pair of those.
We sell a pair of those.
Those are handsome things every gentleman should have,
but come on, I mean...
Bob Dobbs cufflinks, who thought of that one?
We sell three or four of the pins a week.
Oh, the pins.
Now everyone needs one of those.
An instant recognition badge.
Only available through us.
If you have one of those for Schluggen or pins,
you are clearly, obviously, and subtly a subgenius
to whoever sees you.
So small a space they take up
that they can be rightly said
to go with any ensemble of clothing.
You just have to remember to take them off
if you put it on something washable.
Some subgeniuses are wary of approaching
another obvious subgenius, though.
Somebody was talking about,
oh, I saw this other person at the ball.
They had a Bob shirt on,
and I was about to go talk to him,
but then I thought,
oh, what if he's just some guy
who just got a shirt somewhere at a thrift store,
doesn't know anything about it.
Then you can tell him about the shirt he's wearing.
But...
You know, I go out of my way never...
I hope this doesn't upset anyone,
but at Cleveland Heights,
I never wear a subgenius wear.
Confessions.
Around, out to the supermarket,
in the post office,
because I'm going to have to deal with these people
for years.
And I really don't want to,
as it happened in Dallas,
oh, there's the Bob man.
Hey, how's old Bob doing?
So we...
But the one day,
that I kind of forgot,
and I didn't think I was going to be going out that day,
but Princess Wee and I went out.
We weren't wearing our killed legume shirts.
I was wearing a Bob shirt.
And this kid walked up,
as we were in the parking lot,
and goes, pardon me,
but would you happen to be Reverend Stang and Princess Wee?
That's the first time that's happened in a long time.
And I said, yeah, how...
Did you see her picture on the internet or something?
And he goes, no, you're wearing that Bob shirt.
I wasn't out for five minutes before somebody had me pegged.
And the next thing you know,
that's what it'll lead to.
I'll be in somebody's bedroom getting pegged.
And I don't want to know about that.
Don't you think this might be the fabled exception
that proves the rule?
The one time that it did happen,
against which, in relief,
you can throw all the other times,
an infinitude of times,
when it didn't happen?
Oh, right, yeah.
Well, at least this isn't like that.
Oh, sure, my car broke down,
and I broke my leg.
Yes, I got snagged for speeding in Speedonk.
At least it isn't as bad as that day
they had to remove my eye with Popsicle sticks.
That was terrible.
Emergency surgery after I'd fallen off Mount Everest.
Yes.
It was not nearly as bad as that day.
I was reborn,
reincarnated as a preemie naked mole rat
born onto an iceberg in the North Sea
in 50 mile an hour winds.
Right, that was a bad one.
And my mom mole rat smoked,
so I had a nicotine fit on top of that.
Actually, that's the way I feel every morning,
and Princess, we will vouch for it.
The mole rat thing comes back in...
Yeah, for about a minute.
When I first wake up,
I feel like the naked mole rat fetus preemie.
On the iceberg.
You know naked mole rats,
you got to be kind of chilly every now and then to begin with.
Absolutely.
And a preemie naked mole rat.
They're naked for one thing.
Yeah.
And they're all horrible and pink and everything.
With those teeth.
Scientific American, I think, did,
or Nature magazine,
somebody did a,
it turned out to be an April Fool's joke.
April Fool's.
But in their magazine,
right there in print,
they were talking about the naked ice borer of the Antarctic,
which would kill pink,
hundreds of these naked rodents would bore through the ice
using a heated part of their skull.
They could heat up their skulls so fast
that they would,
they could,
they would bore tunnels through the ice
underneath herds of penguins.
And the penguins would fall in
and these things would tear them apart
like little ice piranhas.
But they were,
they were hairless mammals
who lived in the ice.
And they had a photograph of one.
And it was in Scientific American.
I,
I,
it was the early days of alt.slack for me.
So it had been about 1995.
And I posted that and I said,
how can this be?
And I was shocked how many subgeniuses
completely swallowed it.
I reprinted the whole article.
I,
I,
right after I posted it,
I caught on.
The discoverer was
Abril Faso,
which is Italian for April Fool's.
And I,
and it was the April issue.
It was like,
duh,
Scientific American has a sense of humor
like everybody else,
or nature,
or National Geographic.
But I,
ever since then I've dreamed of the,
the naked hothead,
the naked ice borers.
And,
if,
and you don't think how many penguins
they have to eat
to keep up that metabolism.
Well,
that's all preposterous.
And yet there is nothing about it.
How do we know?
As you say,
each part of it is not entirely improbable.
The bombardier beetle can produce a blast of heat.
And the,
the mantis shrimp can produce a point of heat
that is momentarily brighter than,
than the sun itself.
I mean,
as,
as hot.
Really?
I don't know how they do that,
but they,
they do it.
And,
Did Bob tell you that,
Dr.
What about the,
the kangaroo rat of the southwestern desert,
which never needs to drink water at all
because it synthesizes it out of the seeds
and other things which it eats.
That's cheating.
Well,
if,
you know,
they can do it.
But it's the,
an adaptation like that is possible.
It's unlikely to have them so combined in one individual.
The hot skull would be the,
the problem.
But,
Speaking of which,
kids,
if you happen upon the rare southwestern desert tortoise,
there or here,
don't run up to it going,
oh,
oh,
boo,
oh look,
he's on sea claw.
He's not scared.
He's scared of me.
If,
you'll make him pee.
And when you do that,
he loses all the water he's saved up for two years
because those tortoises also don't drink.
They,
you know,
they gradually,
from the dry plants they eat,
they get enough water to store in their,
some kind of bladder.
And,
and in order to escape a predator,
they will void that water.
But it's,
it's almost certain a later,
slower death for him.
So be merciful on the desert tortoise.
And on poor Dr. Legume over there,
who's in the same condition.
Well,
you probably know,
ever since his surgeries.
If you've ever scooped up a toad with your bare hand,
one of the first things the animal will do is pee all over it.
So you drop the repulsive toad.
Toads?
Isn't that what girls,
that's what girls always did.
Yes.
And then also the horned lizard,
the,
you know,
the so-called horned toad.
Do horny toads really spit blood?
At their eyeballs?
Yes,
they do.
They project blood out their eyeballs onto your hand.
But they also pee on your hand.
I grew up with those.
I never,
well,
I've,
I've,
Many reptiles will pee on you to make you put them down.
And if you put them on a dob's head,
strangely enough,
that's the one time they won't pee.
Everybody else,
of course,
you know,
you sit down on a dob's head,
you automatically just lose control,
start peeing.
Duh.
I mean,
we've,
I'm sure it's all happened to all of us.
It's kind of a surprise to find out.

It's the first time,
isn't it?
But,
that's why we talk about,
use the dob's head in toilet training your kid.
You know,
if you use it wisely.
We discovered that accidentally.
But anyway,
yes,
you know,
pee is an important defense.
Well,
reptile pee is,
For many of us.
sero-immunologically interesting.
In many ways,
reptile pee may prove to create medical advances.
Well,
I've noticed Mr. Sister referred to his betas medicine as lizard pee.
Uh-huh.
I think.
Didn't he?
Didn't he call it lizard pee?
Yeah.
Lizard pee?
Yeah.
It's horrible.
Oh,
it's orally ingested?
Yeah,
he says it tastes horrible.
Hmm.
Well,
it would.
I thought that was what,
he was referring to the stuff you have to inject when you have diabetes.
See,
you get,
events overtake you.
Even as you're making a radio broadcast,
it's,
Right.
That's lizard spit.
Lizard.
Lizard spit.
That's right.
He called it lizard spit.
Lizard spit,
not lizard pee.
See,
you see I'm kind of pee-centric.

of course,
that's in a sense worse.
It's what the lizard spits out rather than processes in the usual way.
So,
it's apparently inimical and foreign with only a slight adumbration of lizardiness for its
medicinal possibilities.
See,
friends,
when you come to an X day hour of slack,
when you leave,
you practically could get a degree in herpetology.
You must know about the giant toads and the hallucinogenic venom that they produce in the
American southwest.
And no pop quiz.
Bufo alvarius,
the Colorado river toad,
has the giant poison glands on the back and you just squeeze them and,
Just like popping his head.
You do not ingest them.
That is faith-based.
You have to get rid of the needle.
You have to dry the stuff,
the mucus,
whatever the venom is,
dry it on a sheet of glass that you've cleaned.
And then when it's dry,
scrape it into a pipe and smoke it.
Yeah,
smoke.
Go ahead and smoke that toad's zit juice,
boys and girls.
Do not ingest it because this is the way the animal protects itself and it will stop your heart as it will a dog who bites one of these huge obese toads.
And,
yeah,
they're large.
Yes.
And when they land,
they go like this too.
Their body is strangely elastic.
So they are the only toad that generates a psychedelic substance,
which gives an extraordinarily strong trip.
Yeah.
Yes.
It is a form of DMT,
I believe.
You have to sit yourself down in a chair where you're going to be secure and nobody will mess with your body while this is happening.
And the whole thing,
immobilizing as it is,
only lasts about half an hour and then you're done.
Unlike acid that goes on and on,
this simply takes over.
And the only other after effect,
it is reported,
is a feeling of general well-being and happiness,
which persists for a couple of days.
You know,
they say that the semen of a rape bearer will work the same way.
But the problem is that trip lasts seven years.
And if you ask for it,
it's not rape.
Well,
it doesn't,
either way,
it's going to be seven years.
And from what I understand,
the hibernation periods are the absolute worst because you don't hibernate.





But you can't get away.
How do you stay alive?
Ooh,
it's too gross to even talk about, friends.
The human tampion,
as Princess Wee put it.
Well,
there you go.
Horrible.
Horrible.
But then there's very little chance of actually being apprehended by one of these creatures
if one simply follows the dictates of common sense,
an ordinary prudence.
We make a lot of jokes about the rape bears,
but to tell the truth,
they're an endangered species.
And that's pretty serious.
You know,
to them,
we're the monster.
How about that?
Exactly.
And rape isn't funny.
Well,
except the way we do it.
Except the way those bears.
I've seen cartoons drawn by subgeniuses which depict this.
That pornography side of Bob's business didn't do too well.
Well,
the small eight-page comic.
Maybe we should have used a two-piece.
Well,
in this case,
we used people instead of people and animals.
But,
we wanted to put some science into it.
It was like an educational thing.
Our mission is educational.
And we try to tell as many as possible.
But within the set of knowing that we're not going to reach all that many people.
Because if we did there wouldn't be room.
We can talk in just as much detail about the Yucatevism,
say,
as we do about desert reptiles.
But...
Or Muom, which you should probably talk about sometime.
Nobody's going to be interested in those reptiles after X-Day,
unless they want to be.
And I want to force it down their heads.
Because they're cool.
Actually, if Susie was here, she'd be going on and on about the joys of lizards.
She's pretty seriously lizard-centric.
Got it.
A thing for the lizards.
Yes.
Let it be known that we wish Reverend Susie were here.
But we don't want to put any pressure on anyone.
Because Pastor Pressure's not here.
He did show up at Potter Nostril and Petal's wedding.
Oh, my God.
Talk about photos of Bob.
Okay, this is something I really hate to go into.
Why are you?
This is a horrible subgenius secret.
No, this is different. This is a new one.
Oh, a new one?
Yes.
Yes.
And when we have the projector, I...
Oh, God.
Did I bring a copy of it?
Yeah.
Anyway, it's bad enough that we found that the true Dobbs head
was, in fact, an artist's rendition of a photograph of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Of a living human being.
From the 40s.
Or perhaps it could have been from any time,
but it did first appear in the...
Late 40s.
In newspaper ad clip-off.
Just as he wrote, this person did pose for a series of...
Well, of course.
...ads of men's stuff in the 1940s and early 50s.
But his head is in different angles than all those popular mechanics ads.
And this was the one that the true Dobbs head came from.
It agrees in every particular...
Frighteningly.
We still are trying to come to grips with that.
In every particular except the chin.
It seems that whoever accepted that to make the Dobbs head rounded off the chin
more than is actually present in the actual living, breathing, physical Dobbs.
That's a pretty scary shot.
It's a halftone, but it's a halftone of a photo, not a halftone of a washed bra.
Those little dots are made artistically from this photo.
Unbelievable.
Well, anyway...
Yes, it's difficult.
It turns out Pastor Pressure's wife's great-great-uncle.
I think I have that right.
I forget his name.
He was kind of a historian around West Virginia.
And he wrote a book about his life and times.
And he had a friend named Bob who was a very strange man.
And there is a photograph of this Bob.
And he came in that book.
And he had a friend named Bob.




And it's about as close as I've ever seen
besides that one that we're talking about
that the true Dobbs head was made from.
It's a fairly clear photo.
He's got the pipe.
His head is about at a three-quarter angle.
And he's got suspenders on or something.
He's dressed like an Oakey or a West Virginia good old boy.
And apparently...
on top of this coincidence, coincidence or whatever, that this West Virginian fellow
happened to be named Bob and look exactly like Bob. He was famous around those parts for tangling
with a pig. The pig's name was Belial, a devil name. Yes. Famous devil name. One of the famous
devils, one of the more famous devils. Pastor Pressure told me about it at the wedding and he
emailed me a really good scan of, or a PDF of several of the pages, but did I copy it onto
the hard drive I brought with me? Well, that's neither here nor there, but what was revealed
there, the photograph. It was another photograph of that damn Bob. And you know, one was scary
enough. We've seen a million photos of Bob, you know, in hammocks and,
fishing and ads. But not wrestling a demonic pig. No, and not, well, certainly not in that
position of the one true Dobbs has. A lot of those guys, let's face it, are probably just,
you know, a lot of squares in those days and cool guys. Yeah, sure, of course. Had that look,
you know, that real cream hair. Reverend Dapper now to this day is still exemplifying that. And
of course, the pipe was universally considered cool all through the 50s and early 60s. So,
that's not surprising. But every, now and then, I mean, when you run into a real photo from when
cameras still worked around Bob. Well, the lighting produces the result that you see in the
Dobbs glyph that we're all familiar with. So, we have top people looking
at this, don't we? The funny thing is that everyone I know who used to have a copy of this
mystery,
photo no longer can lay his hands on it. It seems to have disappeared and they
just can't find it. What about you? Can you find it?
I have the one true Dobbs head that is the father of all the Dobbs heads here.
Yes but...
In a vault.
But I'm talking about beyond that. This new...
The new one, no. All we've seen are scans of newspaper...
Do you have copies even of the scans?
Oh yeah, sure.
Oh you do? Okay, well that's good. Because I was starting to wonder...
Yeah, no, we've kind of been sitting on this information because it's shocking.
It can tear the church...
Demons can control some elements of demonology and censor things, cause things
to disappear from pages of manuscripts and books.
Oh I see Reverend Anitrocity has arrived.
And a newcomer...
A newcomer is with a fake name like Smith or something. Was that right?
Do I remember correctly?
An honorific.
I was at a Smith family reunion recently. I thought that it would be hundreds of thousands
of people. But it turned out to be only the Smiths that were descended from my paternal
grandparents.
Are they related to the ones who produced the wild cherry cough drops?
Well...
Well all Smiths are related somehow except for the false smi. But you know my great great
great uncle Joseph, he was in the business and it's interesting I found out that I...
My four great grandfathers were all preachers. Scary isn't it?
And my father, Pappy, still teaches Bible studies at the local Methodist church in Stainesville,
Texas.
Even though he himself staunchly believes that Jesus never existed as a historical figure.
And that the whole thing was a compiled mess of control propaganda that was very handy
to the Romans.
A great religion for losers some have said. I don't feel that way at all. I think that
religion has helped humanity in many ways.
Only kidding.
Killing the sinners for instance or the witches. You know who's going to argue with that?
Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh.
Yes, Savranola Stang. It's true. His zeal sometimes burns very brightly.
I gave to the Salvation Army one time. I'll never do it again. God they must have
spent five grand sending me full color mailers for that fifty cents I dropped in a bucket
one time.
Hmm. Well, were these graphically interesting or provocative?
No, just Salvation Army. I was just helping out the lone drunks out there. Except I think
what I was really helping out was the Salvation Army corporate headquarters office plant budget.
If I know the way these do-gooders work, a lot of them.
Well, one thing they do is they go through all the stuff that is donated and they take
the best of it for themselves.
As do we.
Well, of course.
Please, some of the-
We do, but we don't claim to be so high and mighty hoity-toity as they do.
No, we claim to be higher.
They are doing Christ's work. We are doing Bob's work. You know, there is a difference,
for heaven's sakes. And they take all the good stuff long before the Po folk get anything
that's left.
Well, it gave us lots of opportunities to defend our own snake oil.
Which there is plenty of.
Plenty of need to do. The prejudice against the serpent is part of the problem.
Well, but that's also what makes the oil magical. Magical snake oil, you know. And
plus the whiskey and Tabasco helps. We used to mix that stuff up. And the Three Stooges
were expert. They had the formula for the true snake oil. They mixed up in what, was
it a big fisherman's boot?
It looked like.
And a can of Frankenstein.
And a can of Frankenstein.
And a can of Frankenstein.
Oh, boy. That's, you know, people wonder, who trained Bob? Friends, just look to the
Three Stooges. You can, and others, not, certainly not just them. I didn't grow up with Laurel
and Hardy. They didn't show those on TV much when I was a kid.
They did when I was a kid.
But I started watching them recently and, oh man, those are, some of those are just
spectacularly funny.
But Stan Laurel directed them.
You know, he was the genius behind Laurel and Hardy. He came over on the same steamship
with Charlie Chaplin when they first came to America as co-members of a traveling vaudeville
show called Fred Carnot's Ten Nights in an English Music Hall. And he made great silent
movies, which are, you know, quite fun, even though you can't hear their voices.
Yeah, you couldn't tell they were Limeys in the silent movie.
Yeah, well.
And then I recently saw a movie called The Limey.

It's called The Limey.
It's about a Mexican version that they made where they redid one of their whole things
but spoke Spanish, which they didn't even know, but they spoke it phonetically. It was
really entertaining to watch. They throw other things in in the Mexican version which aren't
in the American version. Like an entertainer comes to the party who can spit water out
of his mouth and do amazing things with that.
Yeah, but it's just, it's just.
Why would, why would the American conspiracy hide it and the Mexican conspiracy would,
would promote it?
You know, Hollywood was controlled by some strange anhedonic people for years who were
suspicious of anything that intimated joy and would go through with ruthless scissors
to cut it out.
Well, I guess there was a, a kind of a reaction against that, wasn't there?
Joseph Breen, the Hays office. Yeah, it took the 60s to create the, the, the, the
ratings system of the motion picture.
Well, they brought back more titties and gushing blood.
Yes, well they really pushed the envelope in the 70s. But on the other hand, it's now
just another flavor that can be chosen.
We showed that movie Pig, which is a recent horror film, last year and almost nobody would
watch it.
Nobody wanted to watch that, eh?
No, I, I consider it a pretty impressive work of filming.
It is disturbing.
Dr. Legume turned me on to it. It's a, you could sort of call it a slasher movie
with redneck cannibals torturing, uh, pinks.
The standard stuff.
But, but it, it's all appears as if it, it's, it's one long shot. I know that actually
there's flash pans where they could cheat and do retakes if they needed to, but it's,
it's as if the whole movie is one shot.
And oh, it makes me sweat just thinking of the cameraman on that, out there in the woods
shooting that stuff.
It's obviously really hot and I know how much those things weigh and the concentration it
takes to do that.
And probably they were really killing those people.
That's the nice thing about doing it all as one shot. You can tell nothing could be faked,
you know.
You can't fake a photograph.
So, you know, it's pretty impressive, uh, horror movie.
And the funny thing is, it's one of those things where you go, oh, I don't like slasher
movies.
I don't really care.
I'm not interested to see that.
But, uh, Legume turned it on.
Princess We could not look away until the kids came home.
We had to turn it off.
But I finally saw the end of it and it has a twist ending which turns it into a good
movie.
If only conceptually for some people, because they don't like to see that kind of thing.
It's only a movie.
And uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know.
Pig.
It's an opportunity to be spontaneous and to consume the flesh of the sacrificial victim.
Yeah, it's a hell of an improv acting job or that guy is just a real ruthless
killer.
Well, we'll find out.
All things will be made certain.
I'm recording this with such high resolution on this little tiny miraculous deck here that
it'll be, it'll fill up the little card and I have to go and dump it all into Princess
We's laptop before I can come back and use it again.
Or I'd have to buy another card.
Sounds expensive.
That's eight dollars.
I can't believe this stuff.
All these miniaturized little things.
Waste not, not.
I could.
You know, by next year, all I'll have is one of those phones.
It's all I'll need.
There'll be a few little tiny buds stuck here and there, microphones and play, and I'll
be able to just do everything.
However, I will not ever look up from it.
It'll be as if I was married to it and not really part of the world around me.
Tiny headphones that you wouldn't even be able to see.
Well, what about those Google glasses that you just have projected on your glasses?
I invite you to come and see.
I invented those when I was about 12.
They just, Google hadn't been invented or anything else.
But the tiny camera that would be on the side of your glasses.
Yes.
But this.
And I learned, however, through documenting subgenius, the important part about all that
is are you really going to look back at the tapes?
Answer, no.
You know.
Nome sign.
Nome sign.
Nome sign.
Nome.
Nome.
Nome.
And you go Nome.
I mean, say, note your sign.
Nome sign.
Note your sign.
Nome sign.
Note your sign.
And you go, Nome.
Note.
Nome.
Note.
Nome.
Note.
That's a comedy routine that Princess Wee and I developed.
Yes.
I thought I would, you know, explain it and pad it out, ruin the illusion completely.
And he, did you know your dad couldn't really pull a quarter from behind your ear?
He actually had it in that hand the whole time.
He just made you think he'd moved it to this hand but it was really in this hand.
Through the miracle of mystery.
I mean, I know there's some subgeniuses that don't know that.
The new guy, he's shocked.
He's going to be traumatized forever, probably murder his parents.
You lied. Magic wasn't real.
My son was so horrified to have the truth about Santa Claus spelled out to him.
Because as long as there was that one impossible thing that was real,
that meant there could be more impossible things.
And he had worked out that if he could just get in touch with Santa Claus,
he would be successful in convincing the great man that he, Zandy,
was suitable to share the magic power.
Because if you have any magic, you might as well have all magic.
Or.
As Nenslow put it, once you believe one impossible thing,
you can believe any impossible thing.
And the poor kid had to.
I mean, he really refused to believe it.
And I finally had to go, look, son, here he is.
And we brought Santa Claus out.
Because Santa Claus is, of course, friends with Bob,
if not much closer to Bob in certain ways.
Familiar ways.
And familial.
And familial ways.
Some say that Santa Claus was Bob's dad.
The traveling milkman.
Well, obviously, Zee, Joshua, M. Chan, M. Dodds was not the biological father.
The stump of a pipe he held clenched in his teeth.
And the smoke, it encircled his head like a wreath.
Yeah.
So we were able to show Zandy the truth about Santa Claus.
Yes, of course, he really exists.
But he doesn't service most people.
So they.
Fake it.
And that's why our neighbors across the street had to tell their kids,
well, yeah, Santa Claus will bring you presents, but he bills us.
They actually told their kid that.
That was never spelled out to me.
No, your mom and dad probably didn't think of it.
But, of course, my parents had to pretend they were Santa Claus
until I started working for Bob and had an inside thing.
You know, to tell the truth, I'm surprised he hasn't been more generous.
That's how I got this recorder came from Santa Claus and Princess Wee's laptop.
Sinterklaas.
Yes.
Or Krampus.
Maybe it was Krampus who was working for us.
Yeah.
I didn't even know who Krampus was for the longest time.
The devil that helped Santa Claus in Germany.
Right?
Isn't that what he is?
And takes bad children away and they do not return in his bulging sack.
And he's a horrible.





He's a horrible, shaggy, satyr-like, tongue-extending demon with a bifurcated tongue.
Yeah, he's no helpful elf.
D. Krampus.
And then in Holland.
Father Christmas.
Yeah, Father Christmas has Little Black Peter, who is this.
As depicted in artwork, he looks like a Picaninny from a Betty Boop cartoon.
With a turban.
Yeah, yeah.
And he's the one who builds.
And he's the one who builds.
It's the most important.







It's the most racially offensive thing to an American.
We're walking through.
He builds them.
In the Near East, he assembles these toys.
And Father Christmas is not little and fat, but huge, tall, and powerful.
With a long, flowing white beard, yes, but.
Yeah, Little Black Peter was a freed Portuguese slave, I believe.
Who is now the master of all of Santa Claus' slaves.
That was funny.
That was funny.
Foreigners have their quaint beliefs.
But, I mean, seriously, we walked through our first trip to Amsterdam.
It was near Christmas, and we saw this cartoon face in the store windows.
Oh, not only that.
We had kids getting on the streetcar, going to Christmas parties, dressed like Father Christmas and.
Little Black Peter.
Little Black Peter, yes.
And it was no big deal in Holland.
Like Black Peter.
But it's.
They don't have the.
The tortured history that we do.
And you can get a white.
Well, in Japan, they crucify Santa Claus sometimes.
Department stores.
You know, it's some bearded white guy.
Yeah.
You know, what's the difference?
I can.
That's understandable.
I used to wonder about that as a kid.
My family was not especially religious.
Surprise, surprise.
Although a lot of subgeniuses become subgeniuses because their families were too religious.
Or something.
Yeah, a lot of them.
And we get a lot more, especially Catholics, Jews and Baptists.
More of those three than anything.
But I just kind of got exposed to the Bible and stuff in piecemeal fashion.
So Santa Claus and Jesus seemed, you know, all those God guys had robes and beards.
The beards were only common to cowboy villains, prospectors and holy.
Holy superheroes.
Holy Joes in those Bible movies.
Yeah, Bible superheroes.
Yes.
So that's, I guess everybody thinks of God in that way as having that.
Finlay Curry in various movies.
As Saint Peter.
Oh, is that, was he a God?
He was a Scotch actor and he had a long flowing white beard and he was always a saint.
Or he was Saint Peter.
He crucified upside down in one Roman.
Period.
Picture.
And he's in the background sadly shaking his head.
Well, Morgan Freeman is usually God now, right?
Or the president.
Since that old, what's his name, died?
The old, the ancient George Burns.
George Burns?
Yeah, he used to be God.
He was God for a while.
For a long time.
And now, and Morgan Freeman is, of course, God now.
Mm-hmm.
And.
I was more familiar, my favorite God was the one in that movie, Green Pastures.
The Lord.
Yeah, he would rear back and pass a miracle.
He used to whip up a mess of firmament.
Not just a little firmament, I mean a whole mess of firmament.
That was actually a very touching movie.
I liked his roll top desk.
It gave me religious feelings when I saw it the first time.
I thought God was more so.
Huh?
Oh, that's right, we said we were going to quit.
A quitter, eh, son?
I like the God.
In the world of the future.
He likes the God in World of the Future.
That's Pappy.
That's my dad.
He was, I never saw my father so nervous.
He's a courtroom lawyer.
And yet when he had a, you know, he could perform like a son of a bitch.
But when he had his son point that big 16 millimeter camera and have to do the slate and all that, he was, and he had the script in front of him on a big piece of white board that he could read.
Right.
He, he never saw him so stiff.
For two years after he left.
Yeah, that's my father, way younger than I am now.
Jesus.
Oh my god.
Yes.
oh well, and so in this realm lent for this is still around.
He's still pontificate primogeniture,
and,
he makes us call him that primogenitor.
How can man die better than by facing fearful odds with the ashes of his father?




in the temple of his gods.
You should have seen Pappy at the Smith family reunion.
We arrived there, and he strode in and announced,
everybody come over here and sit and listen to me,
because I'm the king here, which was true.
He was the eldest of all.
There were only two real patriarchs left,
him and his younger brother.
Uncle Charlie's kids turned out rich.
You could tell. They talked about skiing,
and they had that tan that only rich people have.
Skiing, eh?
Yeah. Yeah.
Uncle Charlie worked for the Rockefellers and died young.
Hmm, coincidence.
Like Nelson Rockefeller?
Yeah, like Nelson Rockefeller.
Yes, he did.
Actually, there was a Smith who was a senator in South Carolina
longer than anybody who's been a senator anywhere.
You know, Stan...
Senator Cotton Ed Smith.
Throughout this entire broadcast,
you've been a Senator.
You've been unusually revelatory,
telling all sorts of secrets from your family,
secrets of the church.
No. Well, that's the next day.
The world ends tomorrow, and you may die.
Who gives a shit?
Fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Anyway, that certainly makes it a historic...
Besides, who's gonna track down somebody named Smith?
That's the... you're hiding in plain sight
the most common name in the universe, except for China.
There's a lot more Lees than there are Smiths.
That Lee guy, he was a cutter.
Prolific.
He scored a bunch.
The Smith guy was pretty active.
Actually, the Williams guys may have surpassed Smiths recently.
And Gonzales and Rodriguez are...
I think have outpaced the Smiths by a long shot.
You are keeping track of the...
You better believe it.
That's the...

I got a long list.
I got a damn long list.
Those who've been naughty and those who've been nice.
Those who've been nice, I don't have to worry about.
They'll all be on the sausage.
But the competition never ends until the actual end of the world.
It rises and falls.
You know, you can see who's ahead at any given time,
but it's like a horse race that never gallops to a conclusion.
Well, unless you wipe out everyone else.
But that's another Twilight Zone.
That's another Marvel horror comic.
How about the one where... How about the one where...
How about the Twilight Zone where everybody else has your face?
What about that one?
Now, whaaaat?
Don't you remember that there was a Twilight Zone where someone like Shecky Green,
I don't know who, maybe it was Shecky Green, hates everybody else,
and so his particular Twilight Zone torture is to be projected into a world where everybody has his face.
How did they do that? I don't remember.
Are you talking about the original series?
Yes, I'm talking about the original Twilight Zone. I saw every single one.
I saw one of them three years ago.
Am I quite mistaken about this? But surely there is such an episode because...
Maybe it just blew my mind so bad that I...
Like everybody sees on the subway...
How'd they do that? I mean, being John Malkovich has...
His landlady, everybody, you know...
Well, did they use masks?
I think...
Or did they dress him up in a million costumes?
I think they dressed him up as much as possible.
They used masks, they used split screens. I don't really remember.
Does anybody else remember this or is he putting me on?
This was in the 60s, back when I saw it as a kid.
I've got... I've recently... Princess Wee and I watched every original Twilight Zone, all five years worth, 154 episodes.
Well, someone will be able to tell us before too long.
Not long ago.
Perhaps some listener to this broadcast and self-professed expert on the Twilight Zone.
I can look it up on Twilight... There's a website where you can...
You can look it up but not by the title since we don't know the title.
This website has them broken down by categories and subdivisions.
And I'm not sure that it was Shecky Green but it's some sort of borscht belt comedian with a sad bulldog-like face, sagging and by no means not the face that you want everybody else in the world to have.
Well, anyway...
I'm sort of remembering this.
By Rod Serling.
It must have been late at night when I saw that one.
Late at night and dyspeptic sleepless time when you toss turns.
And turn on the Twilight Zone.
View without warning this peculiar solipsistic episode.
When we were watching those, it struck me night after night how influential that show was on me and everybody who made movies since then, practically.
Yes.
So many of the big filmmakers now, you can see that Twilight Zone in shots they do.
Yes.
It leaks over into everything.
Rod Serling was a great subgenius.
Truly great subgenius.
And the late Richard Matheson who just joined the saucers ahead of us.
He just died. Yes.
He wrote a lot of those.
Jack Vance also died a couple months back.
And the most subgenius one of all...
I have his condition so I can't remember his name.
Charles Beaumont.
Charles Beaumont.
Yeah, Charles Beaumont who...
He died young. That was a change.
Yeah.
Yeah. He had a brain disease that affected his sense of reality and he wrote all those scripts that are so effective.
For the Twilight Zone.
Where a guy like goes into space and he comes back and the world is almost exactly like it was but that picket fence wasn't there.
Oh yeah, we've always had that picket fence there.
You know, little details.
Charles Beaumont lived in that world.
Charles Beaumont.
Charles Beaumont, Ray Bradbury, William F. Nolan...
He died so quick...
Richard Matheson...
The other guys had to finish some of his scripts for him.
So there'd be money for hospital bills and a funeral.
Sad, sad tale. Oh well.
Well...
And Rod Serling paid his dues too.
He was a serviceman who saw a grisly death and hence did several of the most effective and daring anti-war...
and anti-racist stuff.
Yes, he got...
In the Twilight Zone. He was way ahead of his time with that stuff.
Because the networks didn't like anything controversial.
But if it was sci-fi, you could sneak stuff in.
Also it was new and new fangled and new frontier and...
Right, high tech.
Like that, you know.
It was thought to be the cool thing even if the executives didn't understand it.
You can't argue with the ratings.
I started seeing him in the third season.
So that was when we watched him in chronological order.
And when it got to the third season, that's when it started sparking memories in my head.
It's like...
The long ones...
I'd see that guy peeling the skin back from his arm, revealing that he is one of the robots.
That's a Twilight Zone that's an hour long.
One of the hour long ones they experimented with doing.
When I saw that shot...
Oh, and there was another shot.
The episode where...
These astronauts are on a planet.
The guy holds out a hand to show what he found.
And there's a tiny...
Semi.
Semi, yeah.
Semi truck in his hand.
Smaller than an insect's hand.
Those two scenes...
When those hit me three years ago, for the first time since I was about six or seven,
I suddenly remembered every little girl I had a crush on.
Every tasty hamburger I'd ever had in elementary school.
Just all these memories came.
Came rushing back.
And also how much I myself had ripped off Twilight Zone.
I hadn't even thought about it until then.
Well, art is synthesis.
And we process what it is that we have to work with.
Weave it into our own sub-creation.
Was Bob in any Twilight Zones?
Didn't you just say you watched them all recently?
No, I watched them all.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I mean, if he did, he'd be in the background, most likely.
And I don't even...
When I watch a show, I'm just kind of...
Well, there were some where they played with the concept.
And some where they cheated with the concept.
There is a subgenius Twilight Zone episode where it opens up with this bumbling, happy-go-lucky
slacker.
Uh-oh.
Played by Red Buttons, I think.
Even worse.
And a genie decides, oh, this guy can't get a girlfriend and he's getting...
The most important question of all time.
So important.
You have to stop what you're doing.
The world can't continue until we know the answer.
Well, I'm not on duty now.
What's that?
I'm not doing Ask Dr. Hal.
But you could save the Earth.
Or kill it, whatever you want.
Well, now I'm...
Leave it up to me.
What's the problem?
We need to know, you know, that Saul, genie in disguise.
What the hell is that all about?
Who in disguise?
Judy in disguise.
Who says this?
Judy?
In disguise.
You know, Judy in disguise.
Judy in disguise.
It's what you are.
Judy in disguise.
Judy in disguise.
Well, that's what you are.
A lemonade pass with your brand new crown.
It's the kind of love I ask of the 12 of them I met.
Judy in disguise.
Who does this?
And the answer is...
Oh, so that's what you're talking about.
What were you doing?









And this has a terrible effect on the disintegration of the earth and all the apocalyptic things?
And the time-space continuum and indoor plumbing, it affects everything.
Well, the song was based on a Twilight Zone about a subgenius who a genie comes along and turns him normal again,
makes him normal so that he can make money and have a girlfriend, and he's miserable.
So he forces a genie to turn him back into a subgenius.
And that episode is what inspired that song.
The song doesn't have any relation to the episode seemingly,
and that is what makes it a perfect subgenius surrealist, bold surrealism piece of art.
So what you're saying is Bob was a woman and he played Judy, and it ruined everything?
You could interpret it that way.
Or Judy channeled her Bob nature as much as she had,
which...
Which fluctuates in every individual.
You know, that is a good question.
And can sometimes be overwhelming.
I told you it was real. I would never interrupt if it wasn't deathly important.
Well, I...
I'm not waiting.
You know, we ought to Google the lyrics.
We did.
Oh.
It gets weirder.
Judy in disguise, well, that's a what you are.
A lemonade pies with a brand new car.
Cantaloupe eyes come to me tonight.
Your Judy in disguise with glasses.
Keep a wearing your bracelets and your new rah-rah.
A cross your heart, yeah, with your living bra.
A chimney sweep sparrow with guys.
Your Judy in disguise with glasses.
Come to me tonight.
Come to me tonight.
I've taken everything in sight.
Unzipper the strings of my kite.
Judy in disguise, hey, that's what you are.
A lemonade pies.
Hey, got your brand new car.
Cantaloupe eyes come to me tonight.
Your Judy in disguise with glasses.
Come to me tonight.
Come to me tonight.
I've taken everything in sight.
Unzipper the strings of my kite.
Judy in disguise, well, what you aiming for.
A circus.
A circus of a horrors.
Yeah, yeah, well, that's a what you are.
You make me a life of ashes.
I guess I'll just take your glasses.
Subgenius.com for more information.
The song was by the great John Fred and his Playboy band.
I keep on wearing your bracelets.
And your new eyebrows.
I crush your heart, yeah.
With your living power.
I turn the switch down with guys.
Your Judy in disguise with glasses.
Come to me tonight.
Come to me tonight.
I've taken everything in sight.
Unzipper the strings of my kite.
Judy in disguise, hey, that's what you are.



Come to me tonight.
Judy in disguise.
Come to me tonight.


Hey, that's what you are.
A lemonade pass.
With your brand new car.
Say, Camelot Vice, come to me tonight.
Judy in disguise.
Hey, that's it.
Come to me tonight.
Judy in disguise.

Judy in disguise.
Hey, that's it.
Come to me tonight.
Come to me tonight.
Oh, come on.







I've taken everything in sight.
I've taken everything in sight.
Unzipper the strings of my kite.
Why don't we turn all this crap off and get out of here?
Yes, it's time to extinguish this last feeble flicker of our lengthy broadcast on this first day of X-Day 16.
Praise Bob.
