You'd better go now, Madge.
I won't go home alone.
Bob will take you.
I don't want to have anything to do with her.
Then I'll call a taxi.
Sure.
Around Dard City and in the Territory on West,
there's just one way to handle the killers and the spoilers,
and that's with a U.S. Marshal and the smell of...
The Sogenius Power of Squash.
Bob said we'd get along fine.
Who's Bob?
You remember things, don't you?
Some things.
What about this Bob?
He's engaged to somebody else.
She hates him now, but at the same time...
She didn't want anybody else to have him.
Why are you...
Pressed up?
Because I'm expecting Bob any minute.
All right. That's all right.
I can hide in the bedroom.
No. No, you won't.
Why not?
Because it's cheap.
You mean you're afraid Bob might walk into the bedroom?
You think he makes himself at home here.
How should I know?
If you don't know, why stick your dirty needles in?
I don't like it.
Well, please, Annie, don't get so excited.
What Bob does doesn't make the slightest difference to me.
That's Bob downstairs.
Go now down the hall.
I won't go.
I can't go.
If Perry finds me, he'll kill me.
Don't you understand?
Hello, Irene.
Hello, Bob.
What plan are you doing?
Why don't you leave people alone?
You're not satisfied unless you're bothering people.
If it isn't your family you're pestering, it's your friends.
It's people you don't even know.
It's me.
We have talked more than a little bit on this program in the past couple of years about slack.
Blame it, they say, on slack.
Slack meaning folks who have given up looking for a job.
Higher than we thought it was.
There's more slack than expected.
It's expected based on unexplained slack.
The effect of this slack, though, is clear.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob, where are you?
Bob, where are you?
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

So why negotiate with strangers when you can deal with Bob?
What the hell was that supposed to mean?
Relax.
Bob's found a way of making some money.
Ah, that rich jerk.
I'm not making any sense.
I'm not making any sense.
I was convinced that he was.
He was some kind of demon.
Demon.
That's when I stabbed him in the eye with a kitchen knife.
Oh!
I owe him everything.
J.R.
Bob.
Bob.
Teach us about slack.
You've just been done wondering, sir, about Bob.
Well, let's just shoot the S.O.B. and figure it out later.
You're a true American hero, man.
I demand that you shoot me now.
Kill him.
Kill him now.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.

Do it.

Did you kill Dobbs?
Yes.
I killed him.
Bob.
Always found room in your heart.
And this is where the satire ends and the special comment begins, because this is not
even remotely funny.
One audience member shouts, kill him.
As usual, Bob does nothing about it.
Now it's a little bit more complicated than that.
Behind the scenes at the Natural History Museum, scientists hope they'll solve the mystery
of why pinks are pink.
As scientists, I can't tell you why a pink is pink.
And it's a little bit exasperating when everybody's talking about them, everybody loves them,
and yet you can't tell people why they're pink.
So this is another pink that's here on loan for us to do study on.
In scientific terms though, these are actually more important than this big pink one,
even though it's worth $33.
Ironically, that's true, because the key is the large pink, we have no idea what its origins are.
And so as a scientist trying to study the history of these pinks, I need to know where they came from.
So yeah.
I still want to hold it though.
Oh, I understand that.
Scientists think that pinks may be caused by molecular changes,
the result of a shock billions of years ago when the pinks were being formed.
This machine agitates the pinks and captures the atoms that are released,
which adds to the mystery of pinks.
Scientists are pretty certain the pink is caused by a defect,
they just need to find it, but many people will never be anything less than pink.
Yes, Pop?
Every one of the United States remembers
that pinks were made in the same country.
We'll tell you which country they came from,
and what you can do to protect your kids.
That's an important story.
Welcome back.
Well, every one of the 24 United States so far this year have been manufactured in China.
What could be done about all of this?
I wonder what parents are thinking to themselves as they look at these states.
What sort of recourse do parents have as they're looking at the United States
when they're not manufactured here in the United States?
This is a really difficult problem for parents.
Right.
Everyone thought that the real problem was with the dollar.
It's stamped made in China, and it's a problem.
Here you have 80% of counterfeit Chinese,
but 60% of Chinese,
70 to 80% of the United States from China,
and it's an alarm.
It's a real problem.
How do you prevent a factory worker making $150 a month
given a gun that's filled with lead?
It's a real problem.
Yeah, and as we're looking at some pictures here on our screen,
these are some of the recalled states.
These are all made in China on the screen here as we're talking.
Yeah, that's a problem because I can remember growing up,
I mean, as I was growing up,
most of the United States were made in China.
But what has changed?
Why have these laws gotten so lax, or were they always lax,
and now we're just seeing more influx from China?
Well, actually, there's more influx from China.
In the 1970s, something like a very tiny percentage of the United States came from China.
Now we have a large percentage of the United States coming with lack of safety standards.
The Chinese government,
the government themselves say 20% of the United States,
they admit 20% of the United States are some kind of safety hazard.
This is unbelievable.
It is, and of course we've been talking about these same kind of problems for weeks.
It's a major scandal in the making.
Wow.
Today, we know it's not only the government's fault,

is the number of illegal people,

you is tong alker
h

where

don't






the
Olympics,
just
like
In a neon that's red and blue
This is the time when the false will feed
You better watch out, it's a glamorous stampede
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
It's all plastic
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
It's all plastic
You gotta look clean, you gotta get mean
You gotta be seen
We can defeat them anytime we want to
They will repeat this anytime they need to
This is the place where elites get mean
You gotta disappear, not to be seen
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
It's all plastic
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
It's all plastic
You gotta look clean, you gotta get mean
You gotta be seen
You spoke to me in my dream about Bob
He was my familiar
Where does Bob come from?
That cannot be realized
What does Bob want?
He is Bob
Eager for fun
He wears a smile
Everybody run
Do you understand the parasite?
It attaches itself to a life form and feeds
Bob requires a human host
He feeds on fear
And the pleasures
Of the world
They are his children
Those surviving birth assumed grotesque shapes
Inducing mental disease
They will find this place
They will gather around this tower
Screaming for the blood of my children
What do they call them?
Mutants?
As if they asked to be deformed
They hate anyone who's different than they are
It doesn't hurt me
I will
I will not forget
I will not forget

And I will not forget

I will not forget

I fear for him constantly
Because he still has hope for me
That one day he will see me normal again
Perhaps I'm too monstrous to take seriously
Mutant!
Mutant!
Kill it!
Kill it!
Kill it!
Kill it!
Kill it!
Kill it!
Kill it!
Somebody stop him!
Somebody stop him!
Aaaaaaaahhh!
Stop!
Oh!




prints on my ashtray and not yours. And that was enough for them. They won't believe that. They
will when they hear the things you and Bob said to each other the other night in Irene's apartment.
You were there and you've got Bob with you. He'll be with me all right. And you're alone.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
I don't go out with Bob anymore.
We have a number of new collage artists
contributing to this show
and it's hard to say who did what
usually, you know, Fernand and Andy Leamer
does a lot of that, but this particular time
he just did the titles
We got a lot of clips from our friend in Sweden
Dr. Italics
and we got a very cool mix
called Cranial Discharge
by Soren and Dr. Laniulos
I'm not sure who they are
but I hope they send more stuff
because it was a really good collage
and also we had several cut-ups there
by Doc Cosmack
a new friend that we met last X-Day
He's been sending stuff in
and we have some more of those
and I even cut up
some of the music

something from Conspiracy Radio
that was fun
Let's see
Oh, the music!
Yes, there was music
Now that last piece of music
the all instrumental
of course that was the Psychoskeletons
They're pretty recognizable with that style
and there was a song that we played earlier
It's All Plastic
that sounded a little bit Devo-esque
That was the
The Fantastic Plastics
which is a band that we met at the Devotional
a couple of weeks ago
That was a really fun Devotional
here in Cleveland at the Beachland Ballroom
Really wise
As usual there's always some Devo-esque
like kind of sound-alike bands
and then there's all the really weird bands
that do twisted covers
like Rural War Room
and then there's bands like
The Fantastic Plastics
who did do some covers
that were really good
but they have a CD out called Devolver
I think it's pretty new
Oh, and our pictures from the Devotional
are on subgenius.com
Yay!
But to find them you would have to
look for the events page
and or the devivals of yore
or past devivals
There's lots of...
They're not that sexy, unfortunately
Well, depends on how you look at them
Right, if you look at them through the eyes
of a lustful dog
a dirty dog
I wouldn't know anybody like that
but actually, yes, there's some pretty hot stuff in there
Unfortunately, the shots of Rural War Room
the stills were all kind of blurry
so you don't ever get to see the beautiful
Theramina in our pictures up close
Mmm...
She looked great in the videos, though
but that's another story
Oh, yes, yes, yes
Theramina
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
So, did that cover the credits?
I guess it did
And I was kind of half expecting
the Lone Cow Dave to call in
and he appears to be running late
Yes, I would say we're still expecting him to call
Which is too bad, because I was...
I guess really had my heart set on offending listeners tonight
but it's kind of hard to do it with just you
because you're too nice
and Dave's not exactly mean
but somehow he's the perfect foil for me to be mean
So, aside from kids say the darnedest things
I think I'm going to go back to
a mega collage by another contributor
our great co-subgenius show host in Atlanta
Reverend Susie the Floozy
who does a show on WREK Atlanta
one of the great college stations of all time
Praise Susie!
These are some clips she edited together
for one of her earlier shows
many years ago
I guess I'll just pull down this Petra Hayden
we have in the background
Pull down Petra
Pull down Petra
and we'll go to...
to Bob's Slack Time Fun House
and just see what happens
Let the joy jump in the good times roll
Let the pleasure pop
Now let's take a stroll
Let's all get mellow
Get smoke in your eyes
Get hip when I say fella
Hey, what is this jazz?
Let's all get ready
I know how you feel
Light up
Now don't be afraid
You'll find what I mean in any old field
Pop
And I think we have some kind of a Dave on the line here
No
Is that true now?
How about now?
Right now
Yeah, now
Now, now
Calm down now
There's nothing to get all nary about
Oh, tell that to Theramina
Theramina's a beautiful name
That was one of the enchantresses
the Chanteuse
Theramina
She was, she's a member
a relatively new member of the band Rural War Room
and we had her staying in our own house
We had that famous band in our house
two weeks ago
I didn't even pronounce that word
She's been living here?
Just, yeah, for a couple of days
The lovely Theramina
Yes, yes
She did a sort of
In a biblical sense, you know, not carnally or something
but you knew that she was
inhabiting the domicile
for a brief moment, albeit
Well, Dave, you can think whatever you choose to, can't you?
I know
That's what I do, too
I think whatever
That's what's wrong with everything
I think what I want to
Well, don't worry, Dave
I'm sure they'll make a law against that pretty soon
no matter who gets elected for president coming up
Although some are much more likely to have you lined up against a wall and shot
whereas other ones would just kind of scold you and say
No, no, no, no, Dave, that's not right
Well, I'm kind of a
I kind of like where Bernie's coming from
It's a place called Vermont
where they have the nachos and the ridges and stuff
and the wild blueberries and the open spaces
People say over here and over there and stuff like that
And park the car
And park the car
Well, that's more elongated, but
So you like Bernie
Bernie's that caller that Dr. Sinister gets on the station frequently, right?
He's probably also running for president
He has Alzheimer's, too
You're right
They're both right
I mean, both of it are, you know, in the plural
But do you think that the Americas can really get behind somebody who says he's a socializer?
Well, not if he's a wanton socializer
Some of them like to wear red hats like old men
and old ladies and stuff like that
And, you know, the workers anthem and things
It sounds remarkably like the sub-genius anthem
Because it was slightly ripped off
No, no, no, no, no
I read that a lot of Republican pollsters
You're playing the issues in the background, aren't you? I'm sorry
I read that a lot of pollsters
Not to be confused with certain types of holsters
These pollsters were rather shocked
because they were asking Donald Trump
Why they liked him so much
And they said, because you can tell he's going to make America great again
It says so on his hat
And it does
He's the only guy who wears a hat that says
I'll make America great again
With an accent on the again
Because that presupposes that America was great
And is no more great
Well, one thing's for certain, sure
In the system we have
There will be a lot of people who will say, well, Donald Trump is great
But there will be very little choice
Any of the true wackos who might have an idea or two
How to make things better and stuff
Will be taken out of the race immediately
After they have their brief moment in the sun
I don't know what to think of Trump
It's kind of an idea of like
What's his name that looked like he had a moccasin for a nose?
Adolf Hitler
Adolf?
Mussolini?
Potato Head? Mr. Potato Head?
Mrs. Tomato
Frankenstein?
You've got your veggies
Of course, Frankenstein, sure
Yeah
Well, I've been really enjoying it
And of course I'm not the first person to suspect that maybe, just maybe
Sort of a large percentage of the Amerikees
Are kind of just biding their time and waiting for the moment
To really pounce and slap down that guy
And his yahoos
Because if they don't
I'm going to have to use my passport
Because I'll be the first person they'd come
Well, I shouldn't flatter myself
I'd be the 3,007 billionth person they'd come after
But, you know
But Dave, if I was you, I'd be worried
You're quacking like an endangered species
We have nothing to fear
Just because we kind of confusedly and ridiculously express ourselves
That's not against the law
That's not a crime
Well, and plus nobody notices us expressing ourselves
That's the important thing
And I've been pretty
You know, it's worked for us for 35 years
Yes
Nobody's noticed us
And so we continue to be able to do it
Now whether there's any point to it
That's, you know, we'll let the future historians
Yes
Work that one out
Yeah, we'll have the people writing their PhD theses
Theses
Theses
Theses
Theses
Theses
Theses
Hash it all out in APA style
Which is American Psychological Association style of writing
Which is why it's so ridiculously hard to read a treatise
Even though they try and hint at what they're driving at in the first
Very first paragraph
After that
You
You
You
You
Well, we have the most recent of the theses and dissertations on Church of the Subgenius
But it's funny, I was reading
You did mispronounce it, yeah
I, uh, just by
It's a single matter
Somebody was quoting the Wikipedia article about subgenius
And I thought, what?
I didn't, hadn't
I don't remember that part
And I went and looked at Wikipedia
And the page on Church of the Subgenius has changed a lot since the last time I saw it
And they were quoting
At least four or five different academic papers and books about the Church of the Subgenius
What?
Yeah
Um, three pro and a couple con
Paul Mann is the con
But of course he's not in Wikipedia
So I never was able to track him down
He's not notable enough
And he didn't like what we were doing
Hmm
Well, it's a very common name like, uh, Swiney Newman or Hector Plush Canaveral, Bashing Hood
Or any of those other names
Yeah, Peel's Basti Blasterplate, those kind of names
Yeah
Nimbletom, Nimbleton, those kind of, uh, interesting
No, that's Mark Twain right there
Well, it's Cosney, I'm sure, of course
They're gonna run the people with funny names out of this country
If they can
They're gonna just run them right out
That's what I should do
They'll start with the names like Rodriguez and Diaz
And then they'll work their way up to Polish names
They'll be starting to kick out anybody with a funny name that's got a C and a Z next to each other in their names
You gotta know which order, too
That's right
Yep, they're gonna start getting real picky
And, uh, having the little labor camps and the forced marches and everything
They're really excited about that
Yeah, well, then, I...
These things can be done
I just keep on thinking of Peter Sellers
Screaming, I'm...
What was it?
Yeah, mein Führer, it can be done
What was it when he jumped up out of the electric chair and started saluting and stuff?
I believe his key word was
Mein Führer, I can walk again!
Then, of course, the World War III ends everything
That's my political slogan I'm gonna wear on my bumper, ain't it?
I can walk again?
Mein Führer, I can walk, yes
No, Dave, I'm...
You're optimistic
I'm afraid that the only bumper sticker you're gonna be able to have is the one that you're gonna wear on your bumper sticker

And the rest of us is gonna be, I can crawl again
And that's if we're lucky
I can crawl again!
But we can't be pessimistic about the future or the suture
Whichever is the most impugnating
Well, you know, I'm still bleeding a little from where my suture was
But, uh, let's not go there
I most definitely don't want to go there
No
Not even on the holidays, especially if they're, like, the rates were special
Oh, I have to go there every couple of hours
What about the subgenius specials to Pan America?
The days of the old Dobstown villages
All clustered about so neatly, taking care of each and every one of the citizens
In their own special way
Yeah, yeah, oh, oh, oh
Yep, we're gonna make Dobstown great again
I should get a hat that says, we're gonna...
I'm gonna make...
I'm moan make...
Dobstown great again
Make Dobstown great again
It will grate on your nerves, my friends
We'll make America great on people's nerves if we possibly can, don't you think?
I think
We meaning, uh, everybody else but us
Me and we, that's what you're trying to say, right?
Princess we
You're trying to be poetic, me and we
Yeah
It's supposed to be we and me
Well, it's actually supposed to be we and I, but you can never say that
You've got Sarah Meen in the background, you know?
I'm singing like Beeman Sumac
No, that's, uh, Petra Hayden
Oh, it's the other...
In this case, I wish it was, uh...
Sarah Meena
No, this is Petra, this is a woman...
She's the daughter of some kind of jazz musician, right?
Yes
And she...
Oh, yeah!
She's doing movie scores, but she does all the instrumentation with her voice
Charlie Hayden, isn't it?
Yeah, I've heard of this
So, even the bass line is that and her going...
Boom, boom, boom
Oh, wow
Key
Yes
Sexy
She's even doing the violin and cello stuff
Yeah
That's Nino Rota's Eight and a Half theme, or Carlotta's Gallop, I think is the title of that actual piece
Remember how we used to, like, in the days when we were tender and young, like fried fish, we'd hang out together on the meat corners and stuff like that and stop the passengers and everything
And it looked like a scene right out of Eight and a Half
Especially the part where they did the rumba and stuff like that
I wish I could remember when I was young, but I can't even remember the last five minutes
I remember a few things
You wouldn't want to do that, I'm pretty sure, at least as far as this radio program is concerned
Well, as long as we have backup, everything is fine, that's the important thing, backup
Backup
We've got to have backup
We trust in cripes
And in my case, that usually means a 20-minute collage by Suzy the Fugitive
I'm not going to call you a fugitive, Fluzy, in case Dave calls late
But it worked out fine
Perfectly
I thought I was damned for sure as I went to the other bathroom to envision myself as something better than I am
And I looked and I was like, oh, it's 920
Yeah, right
Right
Well, how was the, in the bathroom, was it clear or still kind of pinkish?
It was peaceful, it was not cloudy
It was sanguina, kind of morbid atrocity, the kind that we like to have served up here every day at the VFW or WVA, whatever it is, some acronym, anagram
It's always so reassuring when you look down in there and there's no little things twitching that look like mosquito larvae or scabs
But we're not going to go down that road or up that highway
We're going to just, yeah, this is a nice
We're going to get real cerebral and stuff like that because a lot of subgeniuses, well, a few of them are kind of like smart and stuff like that
The average posting you like to read so well during the mini-show of the show of the tonological miscreants, stupidity of the average person, you know, you're going to get a little bit of that


American humanoid
Oh, you mean when we copy the comments that follow Yahoo News articles and then read them in silly hick accents?
You know, I promised, well, actually I should say, Princess Wee promised on Facebook that we were going to do a controversial show that would be, and that thin-skinned people shouldn't listen to it
But we haven't, we just said that to, you know, get listeners
I don't think we've really lived up to it
We haven't, we haven't shaved anybody's skin down to that thin, thin tissue
Well, we better live it up then
Mr. Steg, I think what you've got is a branding problem
I think if you need to know how to brand, you should, what you need is branding
Branded, scorned as the man who ran
Stranded, trapped in the toilet bowl
We've already done that one though
Yeah, it's pretty tired
It's very sleepy
What do you do when you're stranded and you can't reach the roll?
Couldn't help it
Couldn't help it
Well, that won't offend anyone
We've got to think of something really
Could you and we ever, have you ever, sung together a song of your own choosing as you go along of perhaps in a monkey voice since you both do these monkey things so well?
I was wondering what, what would you do?
Mr. Monkey and Mrs. Monkey might sound like together, or whatever it would be called, together
Monkey singing?
Yes
I've noticed you make a monkey sound once in a while and I noticed that Stan makes a monkey sound a lot
I just wondered what you did
No, I don't, that's not, that's just not right there
You're like, what's your name, you're doing all the parts yourself
Yeah, I was doing a Superman theme in Cheetah's voice, but I can't, I can't maintain that, I can't do it for a long time
No, did you, do you remember like in Village of the Damned when the kids would get nosebleeds and stuff when they were concentrating real hard?
Village of the Damned, yeah
Or was that from Village of the Damned or another place where people concentrated real hard on making something happen and they got nosebleeds?
That's a movie based on the British horror story The Midwitch Cuckoos
The Midwitch Cuckoos!
It involved one bright May day, all the ladies in a little British village wake up and they're all pregnant
Even the ones that could never get pregnant before and all of the men in the village are very angry
And nine months later all of the women have these little blonde haired kids with spaced out blue eyes who can read minds and control minds and basically
Uh
Control their, what you call it, environment with their minds
Yeah, they're from out of space and that's the invasion, the invasion comes from pregnant ladies
And it's the children of Michio Kaku
Ah, well put, well put
But I personally like his rambling even though some of the times I think he's speaking on behalf of the overall and underwear
Conspir-
Ah
See
Well, you know everybody, the problem is that everybody has a different idea of the conspiracy
Now, apparently it has now become un-PC to be PC
In order to be really PC for, well let's just say it, for Republicans, you have to stop being PC in the Democrat way
You know what I'm saying?
They get really upset if you're not PC, their idea of PC
In other words, you're supposed to act like a bruh and, you know, make fun of girls that aren't pretty and sing the praises of girls that are pretty
Unless those girls slap you back for sexism, in which case that's not PC
To call somebody sexist and complain about their un-PC speech is not PC


It is itself very un-PC in many circles
So it's like what's politically correct for one tribe of monkeys is gonna be for the other tribe of monkeys to just shut up
The person control factor
And vice versa
The one half of the monkeys shut up and the other one jumping around and screaming
Now I've never seen the monkeys fling poo as hard as they're flinging these days
And I believe it's because they have a new poo-flinging campaign
A catapult called the internet where they can put a mask on and fling poo and nobody knows where the poo's coming from
Yes sir
Because you don't have to be very brave to fling poo on the internet
Well, yup
Or you don't have to be that brave to fling poo on the radio
But people could, theoretically, look up the address of...
Well, let's not give anybody any big ideas
Let's not plan that
Let's not play around about it
Yeah, I'm sorry
So, yeah, we should call the FBI and warn them before we leave the station
Tell them to come protect us
We should call them up every day and say everything's going fine, as smooth as a month's fur
And give them some names
Say, uh, Chief Reverend Slappo Waldo Spackle
I had to call the FBI about him
Just to cover my own fanny
He certainly did
Well, he was talking about...
Doing things that...
It was like, well, if he does do these things
And the FBI's gonna look at his phone records and go, well, he's been leaving messages on the subgenius foundation
In fact, that's the only thing he ever calls
Is the subgenius foundation number
Mm-hmm
Why didn't they tell us?
Why didn't they let us know?
So, I did call the FBI one time and said, there's this guy
He's probably not gonna do anything, but he did say he was gonna do something
And they said, okay, well, your ass is covered and...
If he says which police station he's gonna blow up, then you call us again
But he never...
I don't think he is capable of looking up the address of a local police station
I hope not
Neither do I
That's why he always finds these, like, strange American Legion posts
Not a French Foreign Legion post somewhere in Tunisia and stuff that haven't existed for a thousand years
Anyway, the bottom line is, don't tell the Church of the Subgenius headquarters
Your plans for domestic terrorism because we're not going to keep quiet about it
If we take you seriously, we're going to cover our butts
So, just don't talk that way to us
You can...just don't do it
Don't go there, don't go there
You can guarantee that those who do will be surveilled
Well, they will...
You know, one of them said on his...
He complained a thousand years ago and that's why they still believe in these medieval creatures
On one of the phone messages I played back from the guy that calls every ten minutes
He said, I hope the conspiracy is listening in on these calls because I want them to know that it's over
They can't get away with this
The entire society of humans is all going to die when...
Because I am fed up and I'm not going to take it anymore
Hmm
Then he went on to say, well, they're going to die because the aliens will kill them
And he knows the aliens won't kill him because he saw the UFOs one night and...
So therefore he's safe
But I'm trying to tell him, dude, even though I know you don't listen to the show
Because you don't know it's still on
Don't do it, man
And don't even...don't tell us that kind of stuff
That just puts us in an awkward position
Where we then have to go to the man and go, hey, Mr. Man?
Just so you know, of course we don't like you
And we preach resistance of certain mental kinds
But, you know...
Just don't tell us, okay?
Not that that many were, but we have a couple of pesky...
Psychotics
Yeah, psychotics
You know, here's the weirdest thing
This one guy keeps telling me that
If only the...he tells this to my message machine
If only the Confederacy had won
Then there wouldn't be a conspiracy
The Union conspiracy calls it
And he wishes that the Confederacy had won
Which is a kind of a strange thing for this particular guy to wish for
Because I'm pretty sure he's African American
Yes
It's a kind of...it's like...
Oh, I remember that fellow
He's one of the major crazies
You've got about seven really deeply disturbed...seven, eight...maybe more
I don't know, but...
I used to play him on the show
But I decided that it's not cool to exploit the mentally ill
And I'll leave that up to Howard Stern
Let Howard Stern exploit mentally ill people
As somebody pointed out
Hey, when Howard Stern exploits him, they eventually get laid
Finally
Yep, it's true
It's true, it's the hairy belly of the great Shabu-Boo
I heard that Elephant Boy finally got a girlfriend
All those...
I haven't heard that show in 20 years
It's been a long time
The great charitable works
Yeah
That Dr. Sinister does for many of these psychological miscreants
Helping them, you know, make it through another day with their strange comments and stuff
He's helped a lot of people out by directing them to these...
Non-functional escalators
Well, you know, there's times when I want to just turn off my toll-free number
But I'm afraid of what would happen to my crazy man callers
I really am
You know, I think I'd kind of miss them
Yeah
It just wouldn't be the same
One time, the guy didn't call for like a week and a half
And I got really worried
I thought, oh no, did he jump off a cliff or...
Or, you know, lose his mind?
And again, more than usual, all the rest of it
Well, he was already spasmodic
He was in four-pressure mode, he was a spasmoder, yeah
But he paid his 30 bucks to the Church of the Subgenius that one time
A long time ago
By the way, that is not an operative figure that we use anymore
No longer
So don't even think about that
But he was...
30 pieces of silver
Yeah, he earned his way onto the escape vessels
And he will be saved
If he doesn't screw up and kill himself
Or get himself killed before July 5th, 1998
Well, might I ask a politically incorrect question?
No
If, say, a person like George Herbert Walker Bush
Who's known to be an insider on many kinds of not necessarily nice things and stuff like that
Well, he was the head of the secret police, sure
Right
Somebody's gotta do it
If he, or say even J. Edgar Hoover in his day
If people like that were to, or the many other villains of history and stuff like that
If they were to pay that 30...
Well, which is no longer a perfunctory label now
If they were to sign up, really sign up
That they would be saved on X day?
Well, yeah
That's the whole idea, right?
I mean, isn't it?
I know, I just wanted you to stab that pencil further into the heart of the average listener
Who's hoping...
For glimmer of hope
That somehow the Church of the Sub-G should answer many of life's questions
Some meaning in much the same way that thoughts have wings
And birds have whistles
And everybody lives together in perfect harmony
Or the vice versa
I think it's gonna be the vice versa
Unfortunately, I agree
We?
Oui, oui
Oui?
Where are you?
I'm here, Monsieur, where are you?
I could hear you breathing heavily, but I could not...
I know that you're doing the nostril routine right now with the holistic doctors
How do you know?
You're on the phone
Because I'm told
You can't...
That's right
You can't see us
Just because I can't see the sand of the Sahara Desert
Does not mean it does not exist
Any function...
Any...
Any person...
Any person with knowledge of the whereby...
Any...
What?
What?
Dave, you should be teaching Philosophy 101
I should
Should I?
Yeah
Yes
Yeah, to sophomores
To hurt their feelings and make them go home and cry and stuff?
No, no, give them...
Going out on the island and drinking and stuff?
No, give them a bunch of painfully corny things to quote to each other
Yeah, and then clowk it...
I mean cloud it...
And then clowk it in modern TV and internet, YouTube, etc., etc.
How about Philosophy of the Occult 101?
Man...
Okay
Talk about a well of vapidity
No, not the...
New Age Philosophy of the Occult 101
Every sentence out of the professor's mouth would be like,
something from a Hallmark card
How about the extremely obscure?
And quotes from brain-damaged rock stars
Well, then...
Like Jim Morrison and Terrence McKenna
Together in the bathtub drinking cognac and slashing each other's nose
I would love to hear a tape of that
Terrence McKenna and Jim Morrison in the bathtub together
He's getting ready to commit suicide
McKenna was pretty funny
And I imagine that eventually Jim Morrison would have lost his patience
Because McKenna just kept, you know, kind of blowing him off and laughing
While he was trying to do his poetry
And they'd eventually...
Yeah, he did like to be taken seriously
I mean, he was not a vapid scooter
Or one of those other benign religious names and stuff
He was more of an autocrat
Well, you know, Dave, I'm standing by to put down anybody's most beloved history
I'm not going to say that I'm one of the most beloved heroes
I will dare to say, because I have to
Zappa sucks
I'll even say Hendrix sucks
Because everybody sucks sometimes
And their worshippers need to be reminded
Their worshippers need wake-up calls
Yeah, and I'm the one to do it
Because I'm jealous of all those rich, famous, drug-avid rock stars
You know, by gobs
But at least I can admit that
By golly, by gobs?
By golly, by gobs
By golly, by gobs
Fifteen full solid meters of gobs, by golly, by gobs
I mean, I was inspired by all those artists and musicians and stuff
And copying them, just like everybody else
But, you know, eventually you just have to say to yourself
They suck, and move on
If you're going to get anything done yourself
Now, if you don't plan to get anything done yourself
And just plan to keep on sucking the finger
Instead of going where it points, that's fine
But I say, bite off the finger!
Just bite it off!
If you find yourself sucking on some famous guy's finger
Quit sucking
And if you're not going to go where the finger points
Which unfortunately is towards your own rear end
If you're sucking on it
You might as well just bite it off
And free yourself, man
Free yourself from the famous people
Yeah, just like when they started German Expressionism
What was the phrase?
All is to sucken, all is to fallen
What does that mean?
It means everything sucks, it's all screwed up
Well, see, like I said, you should be teaching Occult Philosophy 101
Yes
A nihilistic philosophy 101, how's that?
No, obscure, not occult, that's too hidden
We want it to be more like obscure because
The truth of the hot light shall pierce
Shall pierce the darkness of the night
And, you know, stuff like that
I have existential nausea
And I hate CGI
I hate computer graphics
And I'm just sick of existing
It's horrible
They just don't make movies like they used to
And all the new music sucks
Rap isn't music
And I'm sick of turducken
And I'm sick of pie-caken
And I'm sick of all these things
You mean pie-caken?
Pie-caken and turducken, yes
How about quail, elephant, cow, dog, turducken, chickadee
Inside the duck, inside the chicken you put a little chickadee
Inside the chickadee you put a little centipede
Inside the centipede you put many parasites
And inside the parasites you put even more parasites
That's a sandwich
Starts with a whale, ends with a bunch of parasites
That's God's earth, man
That is what God granted us
We are here to consume of it
You're making me turn blue and climb to the top of the blade of grass
You're making me turn also blue
And try to climb Mount Everest
Where nobody can go there sometimes
I love what's on the edge
Actually, uh
Well, we're talking about the parasites that turn the snails blue
And make them crawl up the top of the grass so the birds will eat them
So the birds will fly around crapping little parasite-ridden poops out
And then hence spreading more parasites for the snails
And what was the other thing we were talking about?
Now I can't remember
See, that's why it's called the Church of the Subgenius
Now, there was this one producer, I believe it was David Letterman's producer
Kept saying, no, we'll never have subgeniuses on the Letterman Show
Because it's a one joke idea
Well, it may be a one joke idea
But it's a multi-idea joke
Sure, maybe one joke multi-joke
Multi-idea joke
So one joke
One multi-idea joke idea
But it's a multi-joke that keeps making more multi-jokes
Yeah, milk it, baby, milk it
That's what I say over here, over there, over here, over there
Yeah, milk it, baby, milk it
All I can say is, David Letterman's off the air
And the hour of slack is still on
Mm-hmm
Enron closed down
But the Subgenius Foundation Incorporated's still paying sales tax
Ohio sales tax
Yep, and if you said that, then we better pick up on it
That's right, I said it, so you better pick up on it
If I pick up on it, you should
And Jimi Hendrix told me to say that
In that vision, in the dark
That was when he didn't say
Sleepy, resting, me and you awake
I'm sorry
It's okay, Dave
Don't be sorry, Dave, it's okay
Well, it's the nature of the business, you know
When you're trying to make yourself heard for no apparent reason at all
Over two other people who apparently have something to say that makes sense
And you're trying to make sense so desperately
Not you, personally, no, me, personally, yes, me
Well, maybe
Oh, yes
Yes, sir
Maybe
Doesn't make sense
Maybe yes, maybe no, but why not both?
That's what I say
Why not both?
Why not both?
Why?
Why?
I got a little email from somebody saying
I like the way at the beginning of the Subgenius TV commercial you say,
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Now, I was listening to NPR the other day
And the lady on there was saying her wheres and whys
As if they had an H in front of the W instead of after the W
Perhaps
That's why we do it
Maybe she grew up in South Carolina
I don't say
Is that a South Carolina one?
I don't know
I don't say, we'll walk to the wheat field
I say, we walk to the wheat field
You see?
It depends on whether you really know how the words you're saying are spelled or not
We barked in the fields while we bailed
That's another onomatopoeia that we should be at least reckoning with
Hey, hey, hey, watch your language, we're on the radio
I'm a onomatopoeia every day
Any time I can
I'm a onomatopoeia
No, it's onomatopoeia day
It's the time of onomatopoeia
The mighty time
Of onomatopoeia
Well?
He was a great, great leader
I'm onomatopoeia pretty soon after this show's over
And this show's gonna be over in about three minutes
And I have a two and a half minute song to play
So I'm gonna start wrapping this up
Dave
Dave, did you know what show you called?
You called The Hour of Slack
Which happens to be produced at WCSB
At Cleveland State
That's where it's produced
WCSB
That's not the only place it's played on
But, and The Hour of Slack is the
Spokes noise for the mighty church of the subgenius
Such an interesting organization
You can read about it in Wikipedia
And this week it's all highfalutin sounding
Oh my, it's all scholars
Can't wait to see that
Yeah, it's interesting
Gotta spell subgenius right though
That's subgenius.com
Dave, I'm gonna have to fade you out now
Cause we're gonna cut to another song
By the Fantastic Plastics
Well, don't worry about it
I've already faded myself here into a disillusioned...
Oh, Dave, don't fade yourself
Oh, I'm fading, see, I do that
That's the trick we do
Oh, it's so sad
No, it's not
It's okay
When we were stuck at the top of a tree
I was glad it was you with me
Cause I like you
Yeah, I like you
Yeah, I like you
Actually, I like kids
But those old chicks
고고
This is a no-no
We gotta gogo
Split us into where we can't be seen
All alone like we've never been
Yeah, I like you
Yeah, I like you
Yeah, we were hot, hot on the trail
So determined to make us fail
Yeah, I need you
Yeah, I need you
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
This is a no-no, we gotta go-go
