Welcome to the maggot in the cheese.
The cheese is the universe.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Oh, it's quiet.
A quiet start.
It'll get real noisy, though, any minute.
Did you stand in line today?
Did you let someone know you care today?
For financial aid, hang up now.
If you were satisfied with the service, press 2.
If you were dissatisfied, goodbye.
But all my efforts have now resulted in real progress.
We'll see the important information that is used to make decisions about you
and review what your report says about you at no charge.
All you'll have to do then is to see that they react to the call,
when you put the call on.
If you choose to remain on the line to commit the class to be registered at the end of the call, press 4.
What would you advise me to do to improve my communication skills?
Press 5, now.
Press 9, now.
Press 1, now.
Press 2, now.
Press 6, 6, 6, now, now, now.
That's how long it takes, but we gotta be out here at 4 o'clock and we can't wait 15 years.
Get out of my...
To use the system...
Please hang up and bypass instruction, now.
Is there any general information I can help you with at this time?
Thank you for your comments. We value your opinion.
My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge!
Hosea 516.
I can't believe anybody's waited until 1998 to say goodbye to the Church of the Subgenius.
I'll tell you when it ended. It ended in 1984,
when Bob was shot by puzzling evidence, he did not come back alive.
He actually died dripping pus out of his wounds and a lauded haze.
I mean, the whole church has been a scam ever since.
They replaced him with this guy named Martin Bridger.
Remember that name.
He was just some, like, guy who sell water filtration systems.
He doesn't even look that much like Bob, because if you see the photos before and after, I mean, it's really obvious.
And the thing, I mean, it's been a scam ever since.
I mean, if you look at the...
early archives of the church, it's really obvious that Ivan Stang was actually a black man.
So I don't even know who this guy is that's going around pretending to be Ivan Stang.
So the fake Bob and the fake Ivan aren't gonna save anybody.
When the saucers come, you better not even be on this planet, or it's just gonna be all over.
My, that fudge smells yummy.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Subgenius.
Swag!
We must get off, we must get off, we must get off this place.
We must leave, we must get off, we must get off.
Now who gonna talk for you on Earth?
Who gonna say the word?
Who gonna pronounce the final epithet that's gonna take you on fire this world?
Who gonna speak for you?
Who gonna talk for Earth?
We know who speaks for the nation.
But who speaks for the planet?
Who speaks for Earth?
Cold billions of steel.
Umbres without hearts.
Human beings without minds.
A world of pain.
No luxury.
No comfort.
No delight.
Suffering at every corner.
Enjoy yourself.
Enjoy yourself.
We must get off, we must get off, we must get off this place.
Earth, face, Earth, face.
We must get off and we can, friends, because XX Day is coming up.
It's only six weeks from whence I speaketh and it's...
Friends, I'm so ready for that.
I'm so tired of war on Earth.
Of war on Earth and this Earth is full of war.
I'm ready to make war on it.
War on show.
War on show.

Versus science.
War versus God.
And we've got all of that coming out.
The kazoo, friends.
Pardon me if I sound blase about the war and everything, but we're leaving.
And I'd rather be having war in space, wouldn't you?
War on show.
We've only had a format for this show for three or four episodes now.
And I've...
Man.
To tell the truth, I've already forgotten what it was.
The...
God, this music is great.
This is amorphous.
Let's just forget the show.
I don't mean to be, uh...
I...
Finally.
Yep.
It...



I am certainly a traitor.
And I...
And I...
And I'm...
I am certainly a traitor.
Oh, friends, this is the kind of music that makes me want to say P.O. Box 1403,
but I won't do that right now, actually.
The amorphous Sterno has been sending me all this wonderful Scandinavian
and otherwise death rock, but we'll just go right back into ESO
as if there had ever been a format.
Yeah, we did, honestly, we did have a format, believe it or not,
for about three shows, and I've forgotten.
The list is lost. Who cares?
I mean, I've forgotten the war already.
The whole idea was to force me to play a good cross-section of whatever,
you know, the kinds of things that had always made the hour of slack great,
rather than just whatever was my favorite obsession that particular show,
which is what I'm going to do again anyway, because who cares?
Man, it's almost X-Day.
But my only question is, should I take a shower first?
Do you care?
I doubt it. I doubt it, and I probably won't.
But seriously, some shows I just want to do nothing but play solid ESO,
because that's what I like.
But where...
It's because we've had some real good tears lately.
I may just do a lot of that.
But we also got this new CD, which I played a little bit of,
that sounds sort of negative land-like, in that it's a...
Well, I should read to you what this guy said here.
The CD is by Pete Martin, really, but it's called Eddie the Rat.
And I can't play it in the background like this ESO music,
because...
It's...
Oh, this is going to be a great show for headphones, friends.
If you're not listening on the Internet, listen in headphones if you can,
because this is a real marvelous...
Here, this guy's description is pretty good.
The CD, Eddie the Rat, could best be described as an experimental sound collage
of homemade spring instruments, rebar xylophones,
micro-cassette recorders shoved in the faces of drunk people,
a cast of hundreds over many years.
And that's the part I like about it.
I like the stuff that's obviously taped in the faces of drunk people at parties.
How do you think Church of the Subgenius started?
Paper towel on the human head percussion,
detuned acoustic and electric guitars,
ADAT recordings of frying grease, which we'll come back to in just a second,
pre-programmed drum machines,
subharmonically mutated keyboards,
pedal steel guitar, helium,
a lizard named Herb,
an eight-ball comic book,
kazoos, brushes on cardboard,
choose harp, a PhD in psychology,
washboards, rubber ball on rice paper,
drum siren loops,
typewriters,
78 Victrolas,
film projectors,
there's enough here to have a party in Dallas,
one or two angry Korean women,
unidentifiable fortunes,
and a bunch of other things.

but I'm going to go into a little bit of the soundtrack stuff.
Reassembled touch tone operators, pots, pans, little people, Tupperware,
the ongoing construct, purring cats, pouring water,
and plenty of nails on chalkboard-like scraping metal.
Now that just makes my mouth water.
I've read that and I thought,
I'm going to listen to this CD,
and it's great.
And he goes on to say,
it's a nightmare to categorize,
and impossible to market by conventional methods.
It could best be described as the most expensive,


most annoying, pretentious, irresponsible,
drivel that my severely damaged hearing could muster.
I'd be interested in your reaction to it,
any ideas you might have about marketing it,
being new to this whole game myself,
and boy this guy,
boy did he write to the wrong dude.
Because, like him,
we all invented this a long time ago,
and negative land has stuck to it more than anybody,
and does sort of make a kind of a living,
I guess,
in the world of music.

So, I'm going to take this off of it,
but let's go back to it,
because the one thing we can do for this poor bastard,
Pete Martin,
is play his CD,
Eddie the Rat,
to an appreciative audience.
And I think that you subgeniuses,
since you're all like me,
renaissance animators of radio dials,
and computer digits,
scrap paper,
old bottoms of bottles,
and comic books,
and bull dada in general,
could like get off on it, man, right?
This is ESO in the background,
but coming up now,
Eddie the Rat.
Because it's over, so we're through.
This edge from above
is to terminate our love.
Look, Ma, isn't it beautiful?
Oh, thank you.
This is going to be gorgeous for the prom.
Smith party two,
Ray party seven,
come on down to the hostess stand,
it's chow time.
The fact that he came early
made everything worse.
That's mother in the kitchen
filling a bottle with water.
I know this is probably
a completely utopian thing to say,
but people have to be taught
to have their own individual minds.
They do.
They do.
They do.
They do.
They do.
They do.
They do.
They do.
They do.
What are you doing back there?
Hide, that's all they do,
they hide, they drink beer and they hide.
They do.
They do.
They do.
They do.
They do.
Ready, go...
Ready, go...
They do.

They do.
You aren't necessarily the same thing when you're stoned.
Welcome.
Mmmmm...
Mmmmm...
Poof...
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
In the year 2001 or 2002, I look out at you and I think how far we have come.
The class of 2020, they have never known life without anti-gravity body paint.
They think a car is something you swallow to go somewhere.
They have only known what it is like to pee in one direction.
They don't think of Bruce Willis' acting career, only his political downfall.
Insect-based protein products have been a part of their diet since before conception.
They were four years old when the Australian continent was yanked off the face of the earth
and made into the Gibroframian bottle colony.
They think that hole has always been there.
They cannot imagine anyone being able to endure even one second of life
before Gibroframian replacement trademark was invented.
They've probably heard of sleep, but have never seen it practiced.
They have no idea what a wallet is.
They cannot possibly comprehend a bathhouse.
They cannot imagine a bathroom without a 3D-dot Dobbs altar over the toilet.
And if they saw an old water system toilet, they would probably scream.
They think sex is something people used to do in libraries involving flashlights and salad oil.
They've never heard what a city sounds like without construction.

They fewer arms and ears splitting fnarr-melch background sonic scatter-bongs.
And most of them would run and clean you with a blowtorch if they knew that you rode a subway
or a bus even once without a rubber or polymer bobshed body-stocking,
and so enclosing this year of 2020 has been the best of times.
the worst of times
and
five thousand
and five years from now
in the year
2525
if
man
is still alive
if woman
can survive
they may
find
this old tape
yeah you know if any of our people
would ever bother to read their own
bibles they might notice that there were
actually numerous provisos
what did Heaven's Gate do
that was so wrong I mean you were very
critical of the Heaven's Gate cult
what did they do that
well for one thing they were just losers
there was only 3900 of them
and there's 39000 of us
mhm
um
they seem to think that
in order to get slack you had to
remove your
uh
organs of procreation
I don't
want to offend the sensibilities
of any listeners here but I believe those people
were all eunuchs
now we have a lot
of programmers of the
eunuchs computer system
in the Church of the Subgenius but
eunuchs no I mean not if
we can help it
right
I guess my friend Dr. Lake Hume said the big difference between the Heaven's Gate people
and us was
the Heaven's Gate people when they saw the bus coming
they jumped out in the middle of the road into the path of the bus
we were happy to sit with our you know counting our change at the bus stop waiting to board
the bus
it's just that it didn't stop for us
and I
now personally believe that uh X Day will actually come in 1995
in 1999 I think maybe there was a little mistake on Bob's part or something
you didn't you didn't they say that though the mistake was uh it was 1998 but then it
was 8661
we
did notice on
the original memo that was Bob wrote on a bar napkin or something back in the 50s it
said
the world ends 7 a.m. July 5th 1998 well
we got to looking at it about 7 05 a.m. and we noticed that that the very bottom of the
of the memo had apparently been torn off and taped back on again, only somebody taped it
back on upside down.
I see.
And it may originally have said 8661 instead of 1998, which would mean we have another
6,000 years to wait before justice comes and our $30 is paid off.
But that's just one theory, okay?
Now, like the Jehovah's Witnesses probably have some dissension within their ranks, the
Solar Temple people and any other suicide UFO cult is going to have a certain amount
of, you know, counting how many angels can dance on the head of a pin and all of that
doctrinal argument.
You know anything about the Concerned Christians?
They're another cult that's taken off.
Nobody knows where they are.
They think they've committed suicide.
Well, who's concerned about them?
You know, you have to remember.
You have to remember the good riddance factor once again.
Okay.
Well, there was a great insult delivered by Popes Lilith on the IRC one night.
I forget who she was insulting, but she said, she said, you're so lame that your escape
vessel will probably look just like your cruddy little apartment in every detail, even down
to the spots on the ceiling.
Pay no attention.
We must get off.
We must get off.
We must get off this place.
As you all know, there is no future.
We have to spoil the land we live in.
First, we will enslave the earth.
And enslave the earth.
Then we will enslave all of its goods.
pirate. Cle extinction.
The escaped ambientean living things.
This isillo.
It's a life electricity facility.
All of its

Sultan Airlines, United States.
I can't infer them.
It's a punishment.
We have no unํ Menschen rises.
We have spare rot.
Fish
is actually here in this very studio.
And princess, we are gone.
Broadcasting remotely from a distant star.
And that means it cannot be smoked or eaten.
When the beeps come in,
when the beeps come in in prime numbers, people,
get ready.
Pack your bags.
And the Wizard of Oz,
a perfectly good metaphor itself
for her divine journey off-plan.
As an escaped Kansas girl,
I surely can identify with that one.
As a Marin, California TV listing
describes the Wizard of Oz,
trapped in a surreal landscape,
a young girl kills the first woman she meets
and teams up with three complete strangers
that kill again.
Oh, that about says it all for me.
I sure know about that repressed urge to kill, baby.
Oh, yes.
Oh, and do they ever do their part
to engender our righteous rage
in these bitter end times?
Oh, why haven't they learned?
Why is it that they're actually turning the screws on us
as their lives stick away
like granulated turds in an hourglass?
Oh, I can already smell the burning flesh
of a glorious new subgenius dawn.
Oh, I can already smell the burning flesh of a glorious new subgenius dawn.
Oh, baby, it's better than waking up to breakfast.
We're going to be dancing to the rhythm
that their fat makes
as it bops in the flames of a dying world.
Oh, hey, nice beat,
and it's easy to dance to.
Hey, Bob, I'd give it an 86.
Yeah, 86 the whole damn planet.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
So here, have a nice juicy red apple.
Oh, for the trip.
But ooh, watch out for the serpent.
You owe it to yourself not to resist this temptation, honey,
because it may never come around again.
Yeah, you might even be thinking
about skipping the flight out of here,
hiding out deep underground,
and then, after the X's turds have done their thing
and moved on,
yeah, maybe you'll crawl out of the radioactive ash
of this incinerated world.

Yeah, you might even be thinking about
going to the planet and set yourself up
as the king of the ravaged earth.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ooh, and it's going to be serious kicks for you then,
isn't it?
Yeah, that's when you'll find out
what Bob meant when he said
that we'll all be eating roach crap
by the turn of the century.
Ha, you didn't realize
that he was actually soft-peddling us,
did you, you fool?
Oh, remember,
what hits the fan
will not be evenly distributed.
So, go ahead.
Save your $30
and take your chances.
Even if you do set yourself up,
it's only a matter of time
before the greys and the yakatismas
show up to pick over the remains
like screeching seagulls
fighting over a planetary garbage scow.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ooh, yeah.
Mm.
It's so soon I can taste it.
We're almost there, Seagulls.
The light at the end of the tunnel
is an onrushing train of Bob.
Yes, it's time for us to tie ourselves
to the track of his slack.
Because since we're taking the Titanic,
why not go first class,
ensconced in the hospitality chambers
with Bob?
Sex goddesses
fastened to us
like deliciously musky leeches.
Because yes,
finally,
we're on our way
out of here.
Because there's nothing I want more
than this cosmic deliverance.
And I've used this ministry
to attain that end.
All the horrible, membrane-ravaging
things I've had to do
in the course of my service to the church
has been worth it.
Oh, except maybe for belching the elder gods.
Oh, but yes.
Yes, everything has been worth it in spades.
Because no price is too dear
to attain that exquisite nerve-searing embrace
of eternal slack with Bob in the stars,
sailing to a bright new subgenius hell in space.
Just a consummation to vow to me
to be one of his secrets.
Oh, life as we know it
will die choking on its own
foul spew while we thrulled
every twitch and rictus
on the big viewscreens of the escape vessel.
Yes,
every pink
bastard, bitch,
and none of the above will be made
to pay for their wrongs.
The wrongs that the true
yeti races suffered at their hands
while we were imprisoned
on this dung ball and crying out
for the divine slack that's almost...
within reach of our desperately clutching fingers.
Yes!
Yes, we have survived
and finally escaped this earthly hell.
This bitter purgatory that has so contemptuously
crushed our souls
and ground out our bright and shining promise.
The conspiracy has killed so many precious
subgenius souls already,
but this last surviving subgenius generation
shall fulfill
Dog's divine prophecy
and sail into the vastness of space.
Yes,
our covenant with Bob
shall enclose us in a velvet vortex
of his blessed slack
and we shall live forever in the stars.
Praise his blessed name.
Seekers,
we're going home!
We're going home!


on the day
I went away
Goodbye
Was all I had to say
I want to come again
And stay
Smile
And that will mean
I'm there
Cause I've seen
All
Blue skies
Through the tears
In my eyes
And I realize
I want to take a ride
I want to take a ride
Ah, friends, what a wonderful
pre-X Day show
about
That was on side one of show
That was, of course,
Susie the Floozy
The beautiful Susie the Floozy
with her final
X Day farewell rant
So beautiful that was
from last X Day, actually
I guess it was a little bit
premature, you might say
But it's still good, you know
That's the great thing about religions
Sometimes things don't work out exactly
exactly according to prophecy
and so forth, but
But somehow it still sounds good
You know, it still works out
in this funny way
Well, friends, we're going to
We're going to
I promised that we were going to
have war on the show
And we will
It was actually the Einstein Secret Orchestra show
Which we must distinguish from this show
Hour of Slack
Which also must be distinguished from
Bob's Slack Time Fun House
Susie the Floozy show
up there in Atlanta
Okay
In fact we worked so hard
urging Jacky Collins and Max
for permission to do a standpoint
We are taking a break
for Ratty AND his company
They had a show
The The
So
I gotta ask one more thing
You're not going to work any more right?
Hyperactive atrophy
Okay, now, you, there was something, I find it interesting that Hell Bop, you know, what the Heaven's Gate called, Hell Bop sounded a lot like Bob.
Was there some sort of problem?
Like I said, I think that they weren't on drugs or something, they were all mixed up, they got very confused, they maybe read a little bit of Book of the Subgenius, a little bit of the Bible, a little bit of Eric Von Donaghan's stuff, you know, some Velikovsky, some Roswell, some this and that, and watched a little bit too much Star Trek.
Right, right.
I mean, it's so silly to watch these superstitious people, you know, following these false prophets and so forth.
Well, didn't you have a tub of cool?
Was there a Kool-Aid waiting for your followers on X-Day?
Well, yes, we did.
Just a matter of tradition, we had the big corrugated tin aluminum tub of purple Kool-Aid, and I, Clyde, I got to stand there and say over a megaphone,
Children, drink the Kool-Aid.
Please, don't, let's not be rowdy.
Drink the Kool-Aid.
Just like my hero, Jim Jones.
And there were some witnesses.
Witnesses who thought that maybe we were going to poison the Kool-Aid and all commit mass suicide.
You know what?
What?
They didn't stop us.
Right.
They didn't stop you.
You know, so what can I say?
This is a crooked and perverse nation.
Want to take a ride?
Want to take a ride?
Want to take a ride?
Get your luggage ready.
All your spare tires, your empty window panes, your ideas that have no ending.
Put them in.
Put them all together like a ball of twine.
Roll them down the hill.
The way it's been done for millions of years.
This is the way it's been done for billions of years.
Do you know who you are?
Do you, are you connected to that atomic big whoopee?
It's not a ball of twine, Chaz.
It wasn't a big bang.
It wasn't a big ring.
It was the big whoopee.
It's not a ball of twine.
It's not a ball of twine.
It's the big whoopee, Chaz.
And that's the way it's been done for billions and billions and billions of years.
And billions and billions.
The whoopee goes in, the whoopee comes out.
The crooked spiral.
And the whoopee falls back in on itself again.
The crooked spiral was a fist.
And then the whoopee pushed it all about.
Say it again?
How do you get real documentation of art or voice or whatever you're trying to recreate without doing it covertly?
Say it again?
Turn it over, turn it over.
Turn it over.
Turn it over.
Turn it over.
Turn it over.
They're like, ah, my life.
Don't hurt it, please.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's pretty twisted.
Do you know how it feels
To be different from others
To get picked on
And you can't find a lover
Are you a subgenius
Do you know how it feels
Do you know how it feels
When you have to go work
At a job that you hate
And your boss is a jerk
Are you a subgenius
Do you know how it feels
Do you know how it feels
With a gun in your back
When the conspiracy
Takes away all your slack
Are you a subgenius
Do you know how it feels
Do you know how it feels
To learn you're not alone
To join in our church
And take Bob in your home
Are you a subgenius
Do you know how it feels
Do you know how it feels
So this is the church
Of the subgenius
My god
This is the blood wrestling
From X-Diagram friends
Wrestling in fresh goat blood
These two vixens
Fight to the finish
This really happened
a special secret breast smother technique no one can no one has ever been able to withstand the
friday's breast crush i wonder what the pinks are doing hey it looks like they're enjoying this a
little too much one million years bc he pulled it down that end look at those goggles
sumac needed a woman he went among the shell people angel
this is a recording from a real subgenius this is the last x-day event do not defile it by putting
it on this evil brute
el cordero i am from mexico city and i am the best wrestler in the world
he was for about three years
this is like honey
don't fall down
of course i outweigh her by 200 pounds
the young lady that
el gordo was wrestling friends looked a lot like uh jane in the old tarzan movies how's that
how's that well okay i'm gonna this is the type i just i i thought well i could just whip out three
shows at once that were just nothing but but the best of recent eso phone-in shows and who knows
maybe i should folks why not because we can get off
yeah who will save the human race science will save the human race science does not remove the
the 000
terror of my god talent science will destroy the human great oh friends i forgot to give credits
there om science uh we'll remove uh the uh radio uh talk show stuff we beat science resistance

been hearing was Clyde Lewis's show, Ground Zero, out of Salt Lake City, Utah. And he is on the web
at, well, anyway, Clyde Lewis, Ground Zero. I've got a lot of that on tape, actually. We've been
listening, of course, to ESO Volume 16, Chaz Smith's edits of old Einstein Secret Orchestra
shows and so forth. It's the way it's been done for billions of years. Pete Martin,
Eddie the Rat CD, this Negative Land-like stuff, you might say, the collaged music sound.
We listened to one called Sun, My Lizard. And the song, Do You Know How It Feels, friends,
was Dr. Onan Kanobite, the youngest subgenius apostle, except we don't know who the 13th
apostle is.
That one might be some child. But that was Onan doing that a cappella version at X Day,
Brushwood, 1998. Friends, they're going to be here this year, X Day, XX Day, XX Day,
the great double-crossed X of July 5th this year. Do it, man. Information is right there
at your fingertips. Just listen closely.
Raise.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
We have no signal.
Can you turn on the door?
I have no signal.
What is that?
Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock.
None?
Hello?
Listen to that rockin', rockin', rockin' roll.
Yeah, it's on.
Oh, and your headphones, you might have to turn it off over there.
Hello?
Oh, that is mixed rather strange, I must say.
It's a lonesome day.
I must say.
What's your hết it matter?
quarry tarde, taira?
Yes?
What?
Tellin' ya anything.

We go down the meth it shwaiten her,
A Sri Dante went off to West America town on fier linear.
To make this, hangin' on a

No, come on stop with the
Iads and two mensen
A lennin' devil mit
aish Yes.
Every now and then.
All right.
Billion miles to Earth.
Yes.
Witch disco.
Welcome to the witch disco, kids.
You are rising to the air.
The human race.
Many, many, many miles.
Well, who will save the human race?
I don't think it's anybody in this room tonight.
No, I don't.
I think it's the man grinning at me from my coffee cup who will save the human race.
The grinning man, the smiling man with the pipe.
Carl Sagan.
Bob Sagan.
Cobb.
Cobb Sagan.
Cobb Sagan.
The Slaven of Time.
I think Mannix will save us.
Tripoli Vegas.
I like their logo.
Oh, I didn't want to hear that.
Mannix.
You remember Mannix, the old 70s doodad hero?
The guy who used to mustard his hair with bees?
He's waxed.
What do I got here?
Sometimes used to ride the surfboard with, what's his name, Hawaii Five-Oil?
Yeah.
I think he has the potential to save the human race if given the proper direction or misdirection,
depending on his, you know, novitiate speed or his articulation.
I think misdirecting anyone to save the human race is the gravest sin and must repent with lots and lots of money.
But if it ain't Popeye Pilau.
We're trying to enslave the human erasure is the main thing here.
We're not trying to enslave...
You're trying to...
When did the human erasure appear on this scene?
I've been looking for...
When the flaming carrot lost his job.
Shortly after enslavement.
I have to, first of all, make a preamble.
I am extremely against the United States war against every country it feels like picking on,
which is pretty weird for rights of...
But hang on, Dave.
I know you want an event.
There's a war on, isn't there?
The pirate states of America.
I'm more concerned about...
Didn't you read in the news?
I read today about the 13 billion year old galaxy.
Yeti skull?
No, I heard about the Yeti...
Did you hear about the Yeti skull?
I don't care about Yeti skulls.
I got about the science.
Look at you, Dave.
You've got all those starving dead people.
This is a science show.
We're not a religious show here.
We don't care about that crap.
Yeah, but religion is false science in many ways, don't you think?
I mean, why get so...
Religion in a lot of ways.
Forbidden science and religion are identical to primitive humans and third dimensional.
Oh, man.
I thought you were going to say...
A true human science.
But then you went and said forbidden human interdimensionals.
That's three contradictions in a row.
Three continents in one hit.
That's why they call it forbidden science.
Well, is that an oxymoron, human science?
Because Hunan beans, or the Hunan rice as we may call it, might be spicy, but it's very dull when it comes to brains.
Well, not necessarily.
Some of them are clever monkeys indeed.
Clever.
They're tool using primates, Dave, just like we are.
That's why we got opposable appendages.
So we can stick it up our derrieres.
And a whole lot of them are smarter than us.
We're just subgeniuses.
The human race includes many morons, but it also includes quite a few geniuses.
Evil geniuses.
That's what I would say.
Super geniuses.
That's what I would say.
Evil geniuses.
Because science is being subverted, like for these weird wacko wars, you know, these plunderisms.
And these different...
Don't you think we could cure cancer and stuff like that and just rocket into space?
Not because we had to.
But because we damn well felt like it.
We could do it for a ride.
Well, but we have to kill everyone first.
Oh, yeah.
I forgot about that part.
Yeah.
And there's only money to do one thing.
We can either save the planet or kill everyone.
So which is it going to be, Dave?
Come on.
Now, let's be logical.
Well, just think, though.
If you killed everybody and got all the money, then there'd be no money to spend it with.
You know what I mean?
Like, if America gets its ultimate wish, there'll be some crap out there.
The one that dies with the most toys wins, dude.
Yeah.
It is a philosophy.
The one who dies with the most rockets.
Listen to this, bud.
It sounds like a playground full of little kids all babbling in their sandbox about their various different obsessions.
Dave's worried about all the Kimodians and the Kimodo dragons.
And Chad can only think about rocket butt.
I'm worried about mutations, man.
I'm thinking the one with the most sockets dies.
You know what I mean?
What if we start growing these different appendages that need nucleotides?
The one with the most rockets gets off first.
The one with the most sockets can fit anywhere.
Hey, think of that one.
The one with the biggest gun gets to steal the best ship.
Well, geez, I guess so.
That kind of blanks out all the other ones, doesn't it?
Well, see, but the thing is that the guy who can build the biggest rocket along the way has built numerous smaller rockets that he can tip with all sorts of fun things to deter people from coming at them with a gun.
Long before they can get anywhere near them with a gun.
Well, you know, mutual assured.
The destruction really was a great idea.
Mad, yep.
And we didn't have quite as many of these little, you know, mini-series type wars, these TV wars back when we had mutual assured destruction.
They're all called Day One, too, and that's so old, man.
I mean, they were doing that in 1943 or whatever the hell it was, you know?
Let's see the Earth from space.
Day One.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt.
Well, Princess, we used to be involved in that insane freeze.
That insane routine where they were going to freeze all the nuclear...
I thought they froze your cerebral cortex.
Well, actually, last weekend, last Saturday, Guido, my guidance officer, and myself went out to Brushwood...
He's your parole officer, Chad.
...to test the grounds for XX Day.
Oh, that's right.
The radio audience doesn't know about that, do they?
No, not at all.
We went out and we launched six rockets and one globular spaceship.
Sacred launch.
But the globular...
The globular spaceship had so much of that, like, trans-dimensional mucal matter on it that it began spinning.
Its orb went wildly.
It did.
And it actually...
And it fell on the ground.
It got about 30 feet high, then veered one way and hit the ground and did the curly shuffle.
That sounds like my life, man.
You know, you get real high, you fall down, and you do the curly shuffle.
Running in circles on your side.
Yeah.
But then we invented the sport of rocket jousting.
I launched a rocket at Ryan.
And Ryan took the launch pad to the other end of the field and launched it straight back at me.
And we nearly hit the first aid house there.
Psychologically, that's a lot more bleak.
You know, jousting with rockets.
But actually, the big rockets, that was the big thing.
The big rockets we launched, we lost completely.
That's such NATO tactics, you know, blowing up the first aid station so that if any of you get hurt, you have no choice.
Well, you know what, P. Lil, I don't know if you guys knew this, but when the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer was prematurely blown up,
dynamited out there on Pastor Craig Island at Brushwood during the X-Day drill, the last one,
when that head blew up, only one person was injured.
The doctor.
Dr. Tillis, who was out there on the island in case anyone got hurt.
And he had a chunk of bleeding head tissue, foam rubber, blown into his chest.
Well, that sounds like great, man.
I'd love to have all that stuff blown into my chest.
And he just got discharged from his Army doctor position.
Oh, man.
Which is what he wanted.
I think he discharged.
In his Kleiner style.
I'd love to get discharged, too.
I've been having this, like, discharge all month.
And it's kind of stinking up the laundry room a little bit.
Have you ever had those?
I think it's not from the pubic distension.
I think it's interstellar.
Remember, you know, we measure time by solar increments on this daylight planet of ours.
So we don't know outside of certain time dimensions how old it actually is.
It could be, like, 1,000 years.
It could be born Tuesday.
But we assume that was a long time ago in their time.
No, you can tell by its red shifting.
Oh, they do that.
Yeah, there's been a real serious discrepancy in the age of stars versus the theorized age of the Big Bang.
That's true.
And there are some stars that appear to be older than the Big Bang, which doesn't make any sense at all.
Like yourself, Stan.
Or maybe not stars, but galaxies.
Well, Stan was a big gas bag at one time, and he's red shifting right now.
You know what I mean?
Well, not by choice.
Right.
Really?
It happens once your equivocal axis begins blown.
It gets blown out by too much disco, too many bad events.
A little star could last 15 billion years, but it'd have to be about the size of, you know, your head.
She was a burlesque queen, little star.
Remember her?
Yeah.
She was about the size of your head, too.
I know.
That was her calling card in her drawing thing, was the fact that he had to use some sort of microscopic device to see her do her dooder.
I haven't seen her since they bulldozed Prospect.
Yeah.
And he was just dabbing her down and turned it into a...
Well, I guess she's like a little teeny tiny bag lady.
Back in the...
Very...
With a lot of sequins, but you can...
You know, they're such small sequins.
What does this have to do with the war in Kosovo or the rockets to Uranus?
You're right.
You're right.
What does the war in Kosovo have to do with getting off the planet?
Well, Chaz thinks that life...
Well, it's the only way some people have to get off the planet is to die in war.
Oh, they've upped the ante.
They've upped the ante for the...
For ante.
Two...
200 kilometers.
Two kilograms, 200 kilometers.
By the year 2000, the ante has now been up to half a million dollars.
For...
If you can get your...
That's the prize.
Your own post-erectile simian body off this Earth or any device as big as...
No, only two kilograms.
Two kilograms of plutonium.
If you can get two kilograms of plutonium at least five feet above your head by through
some psychic or telekinetic device...
I was thinking anthrax germs.
Oh, I don't think President Anthrax is...
Two kilograms of anthrax.
Anthrax germs.
That's a lot of anthrax.
Yep.
That's a lot of people to soak it up to.
Now, I was thinking maybe if you put it on a balloon, if you strap the rocket to a balloon
and let the balloon go up to about 10 miles...
And then...
And then ignite the rocket.
I think you could do it.
I think I could do it with one of my rockets.
Those things are...
Well, could you, like, take...
Shoot one rocket on the back of a bigger rocket or...
Yeah, kind of like that story about the little sparrow in the...
Piggyback.
That hid out in the eagle's...
Well, I...
What if we made some wings out of feathers and sticks and wax and we'll fly to the sun while wearing them?
Icarus.
Remember that story?
Because they didn't have music.
Their music was gone.
It was the story of Icarus.
No, Icarus was that idiot that tried to fly.
Oh, that was you.
Yeah.
No, the other story about the people who had no music because the music had been taken up to the sky.
And the little sparrow had to go get the music back, but the sparrow couldn't get there.
So the sparrow hid on the back of the eagle.
He got a ride from the eagle, and the eagle flew as high as the eagle could fly.
And the damn sparrow couldn't fly anymore.
The sparrow took off, flew that little bit higher, ran out of oxygen, and died and fell back to Earth.
What a crappy story.
Swallowed by a blue whale.
He took it to the bottom of the ocean where...
What's on?
Where it decomposed.
Oh, decomposing whales do have a very strong flavor.
Believe me, you can smell them from miles away if anybody's lived near the Pacific Ocean.
I think it's like P. Lill or something.
Oh.
Have you ever smelled it?
I was wondering what that smell was.
I'm sorry.
I just...
I smelled it in my mind.
I'm sorry.
I'll forget it.
Yeah, it's all right.
I saw a movie of that smell once.
I'm going to the bottom of the ocean.
I saw another guy smell that smell one time.
Pardon?
I watched a movie of another guy smelling that one time.
There was a whole movie of one person smelling...
Smelling it.
The amenities of a...
Well, no, it was just a few shots.
And I thought, man, that must smell bad.
You could just tell.
It's known for it.
It is known for it.
What's the 37th element?
Uh, krypton.
No, no, it's...
Green kryptonite.
Isn't it green kryptonite?
I think it is.
Uh-huh.
I thought it was Celsius.
I thought it was...
Maybe it's gold kryptonite.
It could be fromage.
Some of the weaker members of the unit might want to...
I know it's not red kryptonite.
A-U-K.
It could be riddle-ated kryptonite.
Isn't the symbol for gold kryptonite A-U-K?
That's the kind you take and five minutes later you want to take more?
A-U-K-R.
Or K-R-E-U.
Oh, that sounds more like a Russian weapon or something.
Or...
I don't know.
I don't know.
You could use it as a weapon.
Our kryptonite-tipped warhead will defeat even Saddam Hussein's Republican guards.
We could make up a whole little army of little kryptonite soldiers
and just, like, blast them off into different directions
and let them do what they will.
Perhaps they could be on map...
No, never mind that one.
These kryptonite-brained robots will be able to...
She gravitates to the site.
...much vaunted.
Burn.
Welcome to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
I'm worried about the Vaunts, too.
The Vaunts were a hardy people who lived on a diet of sodium and beans.
And they...
Have you ever...
You remember the sodiums and little horses?
I think you mean the Texans, don't you?
Well, you guys started all this stuff with these oil and vinegar wars, you know?
You guys invented the idea.
No, I'm sorry.
Oil for blood.
That was our contribution to the...
No, blood for oil.
That's what it was.
Blood for oil.
Okay.
Yeah, it was backwards.
No, I mean put it out.
They've been complaining.
We're trying to put out the flames of a fire that could engulf the planet.
A fire in your heart!
A fire in your mind!
A fire down in your pill dispensary.
Fire in your pants.
Bob's gonna put a fire in your pants.
He's gonna light it.
Take a big old whiff.
He's gonna take him a big old head of you, my listening friend.
And when he exhales...
Are you gonna be shotgunned into the next...
Into Connie's mouth?
Or are you just gonna be blithered out into the atmosphere?
Speaking of lethal friends, I think you all need to be sedated.
And furthermore, what difference does it make as far as a 15-year-old solar system is concerned?
I mean as galaxy.
It's 1,500 billion zillion, isn't it?
What does that mean to those starving refugees?
What do they care about some billion-year-old carbon?
And back to the garden.
They just want A.C. or a blanket or a bowl of Rice Krispies, man.
Or a popular CD or like one of those...
And we're sitting here joking about it.
And we're shopping, too.
Yeah, we're all dead. We're all going to hell. We know all this already.
We're drinking Orange Julius.
We're going to the mall and playing ping-pong with our feet.
You may as well just send me to hell that now.
I'm going to transactional therapy.
We're just gonna leave them behind.
We're gonna leave all those suffering people on exit.
We're just gonna stay. We're just gonna...
We had $30.
We happen to be well-educated Americans who learned about the word of Bob, spent our $30.
So we get to leave the planet and live with riches and sexual fulfillment and food and comic books forever.
And yet here we are just laughing at the plight of the humans who did not join our church.
Now is this the way a subgenius should be?
Mocking rather than reaching out a helping hand?
Really, think about it.
Why not?
Well, I don't know. The timber, the tone, the way things are going here.
Chasing the pure science and you're just, you know, want to leave the earth without any...
I don't know and...
No, I want to leave the earth as cinder.
That's what I mean. That's what I mean.
I don't know. I like to smell some flowers and see the eucalyptus jump and the heffalumps and the birds.
Yeah, but do you need to have a bunch of humans around while you do it?
No. No, I guess I don't.
All you need is a few wiggles and squiggles.
You've got subgeniuses. You know, there's enough...
How many subgeniuses are there in the world?
Let's say, okay, there's about 10,000 that have joined up.
Say there's 10 times as many who haven't even heard about it.
There may be 100,000 subgeniuses on a planet of 18 billion.
They didn't tell you about that other 10 billion.
And so, you know, so?
So I guess...
Why do we need them? There's plenty of us. 100,000.
We're kind of like the Yeti refugees.
That's enough to repopulate the solar system.
Right.
I think we're missing 44,000 subgeniuses, though, now that I think about it.
Oh, that's right. The number there shall be 144,000.
Oh, yes. Pilo, you're right.
And they're in Lithuanian refugee camps right now waiting to take your address, your cards, your numbers, your phone calls.
But some of them want to hear your ideas about a universe, perhaps a whole entire dimension, which is not only flip-flop from ours, but it's just diasporopically totally in my entrails.
I am mildly amused by the strategy to shoot anything that moves.
I kind of...
On Earth, you mean?
It's an interesting strategy.
That has evolved over the years. You just kill anything.
Just go anything that moves in an area.
Just segregate off that area. Just, you know, isolate the area.
Cover it with planes. And if something moves, shoot it.
Kill them all.
Right. That's a great idea.
It would have worked in Vietnam if they'd let us off the leash.
We had to kill that plane.
We had to kill that country to save it, and I'm glad we did.
Fighting soldiers.
And we're going to kill every country in the world we can to save every country.
I'm sorry.
Oh, man.
Stop that. Don't like that.
Oh, Dave, you peacenik.
I'm going to have to fade out there, friends, because I just realized this show's about to end.
It's sad but true, and...
I didn't know.
I'm glad you're enjoying this, but let's get on with the war.
Okay, okay, okay. You're right. You're right. You're right. Okay. We'll do it.
Uh...
You have been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Uh, you can get more information about us and all of that stuff from Bob at Post Office Box 140306...
Dallas, Texas, 752...
one four and this real crazy stuff in the background was by uh pete martin who you can
reach at sonic sun at earthlink.com that's sonic sun like son of sonic okay went off into the desert
