Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob

Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob

This is Timothy Larry
reminding you that just as
you need slack, Bob
needs your help.
Send in those pledges and
praise Bob.
Sound impossible?
Yes, you rub it between the forefinger
and the thumb.
Hey, what?
You take a pinch of salt, you rub it between the forefinger and the thumb,
walk with a shim around a turning decapitated child's head,
and then jump into the grave and say,
hop on my thumb, hop on my thumb, this is a problem I must overcome.
Throw in a dead cat, or a live cat that's not feeling well.
Then cover with the sod, and when the birds chirp on the third Saturday after mickle mass,
take a large dill pickle and insert it in the tumulus.
Insert it in the tumulus, the heap, the shambling mound over the grave.
And this time you will experience a divine regurgitation,
somewhat like under the immaculation of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the slain and martyred hip-hop in the Church of the Seventh-Decade.
I believe it's something God puts in us.
It's something somebody put in us.
Fusion, may I help? Hydrogen fusion?
Hydrogen fusion?
Hmm, well, if I don't have my fusion,
I'm going to church at a service.
Yes, hydrogen fusion.
Hybrid fusion.
This material contains information affecting the national defense of the United States
within the meaning of the espionage laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sections 7098 and 74,
a transmission or revelation of which in any manner to an unauthorized person
is inevitably prohibited by law.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!














Ah!
Ah!

A beginning is a very delicate time.
Shut up!
Look out, guys!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!


Well, we're tuning in on you right now.
And there, we're centered on...
Oh, okay, we're on lockup.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
You are interested in the unknown, the mysterious, the unexplainable.
That is why you are here.
We are controlling transmission.
Control, control, control.
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
Hey, man.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Wait a minute.
Wait.
That's this switch here.
Okay, I think we're ready to go.
Let's go.
Welcome, dear friends,
to the...
The subgenius hour of...
What?
What?
Every time you say, see, hear, or think...
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
Ah, it's been nice out here in the little...
The Learning Studio.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
As you may have guessed, this is another rerun show.
Technically, this is hour of slack number 1071.
But in truth, it's a rerun of an old taped show, number 66,
which would make it from probably around November or December of 1986.
20 years ago, this particular show was marked by me.
Headphones, sound effects, and then it says,
end is amazing, but that doesn't necessarily mean anything.
I'll have to go through and clean up some of the Dallas station
and Dallas address references on these old shows.
But, friends, we're doing reruns,
partly because we're working really hard on a subgenius history project
that takes the form of an online course,
which you can learn more about at maybelogic.com
or maybelogic.org.
Maybelogic is one word that sounds like those two words.
Praise Bob.
Anyway, let us go back in time now to the olden hour of slack number 66.
Perfect concentration.
No distractions.
No anxiety.
No fear.
No fear.
Brazil
Brazil
Brazil
Brazil
The rogues were entertaining him
We stood beneath an amber moon
And softly murmured, someday soon
We kiss
We kiss
We do the work, you do the pleasure
We kiss


there i want to talk to you about ducts do your ducts seem old-fashioned out of date central
services new duct designs are now available in hundreds of different colors to suit your
individual taste hurry now while stocks last your nearest central service has shown
designer colors to suit your demanding taste
the rumor became reality another satanic cult
no yes just another evil cult that was supposed to be a good one
this is how the war gets on the radio
i think a lot of
subjects
this is originally believed they were doing something good by joining the church
that wheel and chain setup makes the sound of moving artillery sounds like a real battle
well it's nothing compared to what it takes to move this show don't be alarmed
more work than saving souls believe me that punch didn't connect the sound was fake although
stang suffered a real blow from an infuriated gabofran oh that was a great blow yes the
mallet on a grapefruit gave the sound of that blow
curiously refreshing
ambled
a
a
a
and again
etc.
But here they come, there, the guard is forming to march the guilty offender away
Yes, those who believed the wrong lies in the book of the subgenius
Taken into the stadium near Dobstown
And all the Malaysians pour into the little wooden seats
For the clumsy child with the hard-to-fit shoe size
Camp Bigfoot, our 31st season
Boys and girls, 6 to 18
10D to 15
E-E-E-E-E-E
Our patient understanding staff has had outstanding success with the clumsy, uncoordinated child
Our unique patented method starts your child from scratch
From crawling to early walking
To full walking, trotting and running
Until he is actually strutting, dancing and doing gymnastics
Many of our graduates are now prominent in ballet and jazz tag
Write to George Trefeld, Camp Bigfoot, Peppermill, Oregon
65201
We like you and should ignore you
But if you don't like us, we'll ignore you
But instead, we out
Bob.
Here and there, clowns and ballerinas everywhere.
Bob?
We work.
Oh, yes, dear sir.
This is Bill Beeson, a Chinese subgenius.
And you are listening to the Hour of Flag.
Remember, Bob is the comrade of all people.
He is a Chinese, just like in America.
And people need to flag.
In Chinese, we call flag leeting.
But it must be true flag, not the bad flag of our husband.
Boy, will you look at that guy's flag.
Help me somebody.
Thank you, Lily Jing.
Yes, my friend.
We have the great Ivan Stang here tonight.
Ivan Stang himself, the grand auditor and chief inquisitor of the subgenius faith,
who has every subgenius's name on his special basement computer.
And he's here tonight to make the hour and a half of slack seem like, well, like forever.
Ivan Stang.
That Stang of Stang's.
Sibling star of rain.
Of Cerno's claws and Jinger's fangs.
When the beaks' cysts are upon us, when it's staking finally upon us,
the beaks will broil, but not in song.
Nature and men will stand aside.
The jaws of doom shall open wide, while Ivan Stang shall perch inside.
Where promise-ness and ignorance dwells, false prophets,
from their citadels, he topples down to nether hells.
He judges pigs and guinea-paws, and renders into visit dogs,
those who proclaim the name of gods.
He rules the masts of Kilo host, evens his knights on the coast,
a fridge from his name as from a ghost.
Where can we go?
Where can we find?
No one knows.
Our place in all this world so wide shall escape the dire subgenial tide.
The Jinger's howl, the Cerno's plea,
Bohemondus rises from the sea, no hiding place for you and me.
What future does our doom procure us?
Hamlet earth, indeed endure us.
Let the damned wound of sin lure us.
A man will not stand around here.
The gangster of the world.
Like no one ever was.
Nay, Britannia awakened by the entrée of a chief-of-the-igona aish it toothpaste.
он painter sample tougheneth bury still a blah living contract
say ev'ry man's multitudes.

raise an arm from nothing.
Egg any Moore and aynı Panem marble.

Ah, yes, dear friends.
So good to be here.
Say it, Ivan, say it.
Feeling the power here in this hideous, hideous place.
Bob lives, friends.
Bob lives.
Don't let him tell you otherwise.
He ain't dead.
Oh, what is this?
I should know.
I'm the guy that has to read sooner or later all the mail that comes to that P.O. box
that you probably thought was just made up.
The opinions expressed by Ivan Stang do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the staff
and management of this radio station, the other staff, the relations and spouses of
the staff and management, or the staff of this staff and staff.
That's really true, Al, but he doesn't know that it's all over the place these days.
I'm the Bob body dragged out of the Victoria Theater with these eyes.
These deadlights looked on Bob and the light was chilling from them forever.
There's saint of sale corpses dotting the landscape all the way from Little Rock to Berkeley here.
I don't know what the big deal is.
I mean, just because there's a Dobbs corpse there doesn't necessarily...
I mean, can Bob really die?
This is the...
R.
S.
S.
S.













S.



S.



S.

Here we go.
When it blows its stacks, he ain't nowhere to be found
When the wolves close, well, we're down
River watch out, river, town is around
Hide all the women in town
Hide, hide all the women in town
When it blows its stacks, when it blows
All you girls, make no mistake
Here's a cold and a snake's new show
He takes them out, out on the nice mud
The town of Bronson
They all see around
When he's straightened up
They all bend down
He don't bow to bad water
He don't push it around
When it blows its stacks
When it blows its stacks
When it blows its stacks
When it blows its stacks, he ain't nowhere to be found
Nowhere to be found
Nowhere to be found
All you girls, make no mistake
When it blows its stacks
When it blows its stacks
When it blows its stacks

When it blows its stacks
When it blows its stacks
When the cold tear takes the dukes
When the cold dry drops
When the cold rain comes
When the old show time
When the
cold hairstyle
When the cold air touches you
ским
You probably don't deserve the date, but if you do go ahead and try go ahead and try it's important
If you want to know the truth
I love that. I love that. Do you want that? I love that. Do you need that? I need that.
You like me? Come on, I need me. What about Lulu? No. Look at me, I'm a dismal. Get down the program. No. Right out the hole, boy, boy.
Like a naturalist. No. Got the balls and they show. No. You and I, baby. No. That was a removal. No. Out of the world, no problem. No.
Yeah, he'll be hopping to the barbershop with more slack. I gotta have my slack. Give it to me. Yeah. Praise Bob.
Hey. Boy, I mean, slack is better than red beans and rice.
On top of a smoky, all covered with sand, I shot my 14.
I shot her with pleasure, with a red rubber band. I shot her with pleasure. I shot her with bleak, bleak.
I couldn't have missed her, she was 40 feet wide. I went to her funeral, I went to her grave.
Everybody threw flowers, ran through a grenade.
I was walking down the hall, everybody threw flowers, ran through a grenade.

The police came and got me and put me in jail.
They brought a bazooka and shot him to H-E-L-L.
Oh, thank you, Tevis.
That was a beautiful rendition of a classic, classic childhood song.
And there'll be more from the tiniest subgenius prophet coming up.
But friends, you know, we've been griping about those who didn't pay their pledge.
But we haven't really thanked those who had.
And, well, the Willa Dobbs and I got to looking at this board in here,
this poster that they've put up that keeps track of what shows are ahead
and what shows are behind on the pledge drive.
And, friends, I could scarcely believe it,
but the hour of slack.
It's not over.
Number five among all KNON shows as far as paid pledges go.
And the other, the four shows out of 80, what, 81 shows, I think.
Yeah, 81 shows.
Out of 81 shows, the four shows that made more money during that pledge drive
than the hour of slack were all on for like 10 hours a day.
They're on every day.
We did better in pajama party, better than anybody.
Now, the gospel shows, they got as much pledges as the subgenius show,
but strangely only 8% paid.
I wonder what that means.
Well, anyway, 50% of you subgeniuses have paid, I think.
By now, probably 50%.
And those who haven't, if you haven't gotten the calls already, you will.
You'll get that call.
And it's all being recorded, not only on magnetic media here in this century,
but on the Akashic records, the records of all things,
that have ever occurred, even inside your brain.
That's all recorded.
And we have access to those through our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And friends, we're going to continue with the show.
I hope you're, once again, I hope you're in headphones.
This is a real headphone show.
The world's better.
We know you're not being talked about.
Okay.
God.
Just have to tell him we don't see anything.
What is this world coming to?
Don't listen to him.
Don't listen to him.
Yes, you can find help.
You can be deprogrammed.
You can find out the truth.
They beat me every day.
It's a hell of a day.
I know you're a dumbass.
They force you to sleep on board.
I'm sorry.
But that's the fact.
No, he's not.
He's a bastard.
He's a witness.
He's going to kill you.
I'm the motherfucker.
I'm the bastard.
I'm the bastard.

All right.
Now, stay in my house.
When the subgeniuses came in, they took all my furniture and sold it to buy me this neck brace that I can't take off now.
They said it was an 11 billion and that.
He lived here.
He lived here.
I haven't talked to anybody else in the entire city.
Bring the upper lip down below the upper teeth.
Be sure to keep it down.
Until the fingers are in position.
Here comes the frat.
At each corner of the mouth, insert a thumb under the upper lip.
Now, slide the thumbs along the inside of the upper lip until they are positioned just below and to the side of each nostril.
The results are thrilling.
Everywhere these messages are heard, souls are being saved and sick bodies are being healed.
Don't send them your money.
They've got me locked up in there.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

I too refused to send money to the church of the subgenius.
And I too fell under the power of Iggy.
You must tell them what the deal is.
And I don't think they must know...
They're trying to shut us up, but there are subgenius dissonance there.
Stop right there.
Sorry for keeping you in, Doctor. Go on.
Don't leave me here.
They make me say things.
Don't leave me here.
I understand.
Don't let them kill me.
Torture me.
I understand.
They torture me.
I don't want to be seen.
Torture me.
I don't want to be seen.
Don't let them kill me.
Don't let them kill me.
I hate this place.
Parrot and parakeet training.
They torture me.
Go ahead.
Kill me.
I hate this place.
Parrot and parakeet training.
Go ahead.
I'll kill you.
This has been the subgenius.
Parrot and parakeet training.
I'm proud of my language.
Let the sons of God and man be a witness.
Even in the belly of the Thunderbird,
I've been casting out the false prophets.
I'm busted.
I've gotten blown my O-ring.
No!
No!

No!
No!
No!
No!

No!

No!

No!


No!
No!
No!













We have with us from the Ministry of Information, Deputy Minister Eugene Heltman.
Good evening, David.
What do you believe is behind this recent increase in terrorist bombings?
Bad sportsmanship.
A ruthless minority of people seems to have forgotten certain good old-fashioned virtues.
They just can't stand seeing the other fellow win.
If these people would just play the game, they'd get a lot more out of life.
Nevertheless, Mr. Heltman, there are those who maintain that the Ministry of Information has become too large and unwieldy.
David, in a free society, information is the name of a game.
You can't win the game if you're a man short.
And the cost of it all, Deputy Minister, 7% of the gross national product.
I understand this concern on behalf of the taxpayer.
People want value for money.
That's why...
We always insist on the principle of information retrieval charges.
It's absolutely right and fair that those found guilty should pay for their periods of detention
and for the information retrieval procedures used in their interrogation.
Do you believe that the government is winning the battle against terrorists?
Oh, yes.
Our morale is much higher than theirs.
We're fielding all their strokes.
Running a lot of them out.
And pretty consistent.
Constantly knocking them for six.
I'd say they're nearly out of the game.
One should floor abiding citizens and have to subsidize people.
But, Mr. Heltman, the bombing campaign is now in its 13th year.
Beginner's luck.
Thank you very much, Deputy Minister.
Thank you, David.
And a very Merry Christmas to you all.
Know then that it is the year 10,191.
There have always been bobs.
There has never been a world without a bob.
Just as there's never been a bob without a dick.
His corresponding evil twin brother, Dick Dobbs.
The demons you may see during the initial...
...hallucinations.
...get him away from me.
...are not real.
...get him away from me.
Erotic carnality.
If...
...if you do not panic...
...this phase will end after a few minutes.
...so always resurface from the hypgnosis slowly, dear friends.
...hyah-yah-yah-yah.
...h-h-h-h-h-h-h.
...oh, yeah, I want a...
...h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h.
...I want a...
...that's not right, Gary.
That should be a...
...h-h-h-h-h-h-h.
...okay.
...h-h-h-h-h-h-h.
Well, yes, I was going to make...
...I was going to make serious funny noises.
Because...
...because we all know that Bob is the man that makes all the ladies go...
...h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h.
...he's the man that makes all the men go...
...well, let's take a little rest.
It ain't an own-chattin' laid-back universe, dear friends.
It's a...
...take a little rest and...
...universe.
An action-packed universe.
...uh...
...heh-heh-heh-heh.
...yes.
...heh-heh-heh-heh.
...a boring and...
...heh-heh-heh-heh.
...a virulating and...
...a universe where everyone has an orange glow...
...a cute, present, biologically active universe.

...coming from the holes between their shoelaces.
...just because.
...enormous bioplasm that stretches throughout infinity.
...enormous bioplasm that stretches throughout infinity.
Oh, did you get some of that, too?
Yes, it was delicious.
...that he'd force him to eat this big, ugly piece of meat.
...that he'd force him to eat this big, ugly piece of meat.
He was a little, short, chubby guy, and that's where Bob got the idea.
...that he'd force him to eat this big, ugly piece of meat.
They say he came in with checkered pants on, but I just don't remember.
He was allowed to eat all he wanted.
...challenging...
...anything he wanted.
Bob's big boy...
...closing in on mine.
...was a real person.
That's true, but there was...
...a myth, turns out, would have been based on facts.
...a real Bob, and this parable goes to show that there is indeed always a real Bob.
...in your mind.
There has to be a Bob, dear friend.
Even the things which you cannot possibly believe in, Bob's big boy, indeed, turn out to be an...
...actual, historic person.
And as it is with Bob's big boy, surely it is with the far more impressive and major deity...
...we know as the Avatar of All Slack.
That's how we know him.
That's how we know him.
Others, others call him Pimp, or Mongrel.
Others call him a demon!
Or your mama.
Indeed.
And the children of Bob are everywhere.
Bob lives on in his millions and millions, literally millions, of illegitimate children.
All of them pressing lawsuits.
Against me, personally.
Well, Doctor, I'm sure you're used to it by now.
Well, when I took on the job as Sacred Scribe at the church...
...the first time to share the lives of the church...
...I had no idea what I was going to be getting into.
We had 500 employees in 1980.
Now it's just me and someone else.
Well, uh, that's just the Reagan-esque spirit that's been infusing society for its own sake.
And yet they say that Bob doesn't even exist!
There are some who say that Bob...
...there is no Bob.
If there's no Bob, then where did all of those dead bodies come from?
What about all those ads in the 50s?
...that he posed for?
Well, it says right here, the body store.
Dead Bob's for any occasion.
Oh, put that away. That's not impressing anyone.
No Bob too small, no Bob too big.
No, really, uh, guys, all kidding aside, I, I, I, all kidding aside...
...the, uh, at least the official Father Church, the subgenius foundation...
...which we don't expect, uh, any of you except the...
...the stinking Bobbies to cling to.
Uh, nevertheless, we, we have the only true word of Bob, the original apostles.
And as far as I'm concerned, this whole thing about Bob being dead is a ruse!
Bob staged that whole thing himself!
It was fashionable in the 60s.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
That big...
...bubble.
It's the same frontwards and back, friends.
And there's a reason there's an O in the middle.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Red, there's red.
A, a, a hole in the middle between those two Bs.
It's symbolic, friends.
You can look through that, the center of that O in Bob's name and see the future and the past.
But...
...the spice must flow.
A woman, age 93...
...was killed on a merry-go-round, um, when her, she and her wheelchair were thrown from the thing in Sherman's amusement park.
...the thing in Sherman's amusement park.



The
The
The
The
The





The

The True Riley
The True Riley
Has
The True Riley
Has
гляed
The True Riley
inherent in life on earth and gain control of the situation,
we will return you to your previously scheduled conversation.
If this had been an actual phone call,
you would have been instructed to leave your name, number, time,
and message when you hear the tone.
Thank you.
Reference 9, praise Bob.
This is Robert Anton Wilson
and about my appearance for the Church of the Subgenius,
Jeff Rosenbaum, who arranges the tours.
We'll be calling you about that
because he's the one who has all the flight plans
and the airline tickets and his controls.
He will be the one who arranges the dates with you when I'll be there.
I better shut up because I'm running out of time.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Well, yeah, that's right.
That was Robert Anton Wilson.
About 10 of you listeners probably know who he is.
We have the chance of setting up a lecture
or an ordeal,
or show or whatever with Robert Anton Wilson.
He's going to be coming through Texas
to do shows at least in Austin
at the Book People's Bookstore.
I know about that one.
We could set one up here in Dallas,
but we need about $450 or $500 front money, see,
to get him in.
That's just the cost of the show, basically.
We also need a place to do it.
If anybody is wild and crazy,
crazy about Robert Anton Wilson
and wants to get real involved in bringing him to Dallas,
then let us know.
For those of you who don't know,
he's the author of Illuminatus and Schrodinger's Cat
and several other cosmic science fiction books
that, well, you just have to check them out.
And you can't hear them.
But write us here at the station
or write to Bob or call us right now.
You can speak to the Will of Dobbs.
So we're going to continue here.
All right.
Thank you.
You're negatively in the background.
We have a swimming pool in the dishwasher.
Well, as you can hear,
Dr. Hal Robbins and Gary Gabroga,
our guest in the studio,
them and several movie soundtracks.
That's what we're doing, is movie soundtracks.
You're hearing the soundtrack of Brazil in stereo.
That's why I insist on the headphones.
Brazil, Big Trouble in Little China, and Dune
are our favorite sound effects horrors for tonight.
So...
This is Steve.
I'm going to be in town all the time.
What are you talking about, man?
But hurry.
But hurry.
But hurry.
But hurry.
All right, it's Mike at Jimmy Carr.
Oh, too bad we missed you.
This is Mike and Pam in Chicago.
We didn't know if you had caught
Pee Wee's Playhouse this morning,
but Bob was...
prominently displayed on the bulletin board.
If you didn't get it, let me know,
and I'll send you off a copy.
Have a good one. Bye.
How long have you been in the U.S. of A?
Three months.
Where from?
Hong Kong.
What happens?
You stay here a while?
Old girls leave, new girls come in?
Maybe.
Maybe.
Take your tie off, please.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
My wife gave it to me.
You owe me for Christmas.
A lot of thought was put in that trailer.
Ray Smith, the dad of Chen's wife.
How could he say that?
Reverend Ed first burned things on a southern island.



and twisting a harsh السing.
The old men now


Where is they left to put it?

One-e।
Timberlake?
One-e⁶
Blackriminal Service

The tough, answered question.

この hour areas It's a mistake, Peggy.
Green explosions.
People flying in and out.
That was not real.
I want to talk to the cops.
I want my truck back.
Now, where the hell am I?
Landsman.
It's no use.
Give up.
Chris!
Chris.
You hurt me and broke my heart.
You're not doing well.
What?
What?
I think you guys are afraid of J.R. Bob Bob.
You've been doing this show for almost five years now,
disrespectfully making fun of your high E-pop.
The man who brought you...
I'm not afraid of J.R. Bob Bob.
I'm not afraid of J.R. Bob Bob.
...to die for your sins,
to enjoy...
Nobody knows how many times...
...to his own sake.
The only thing that ever brought me slack
was leaving Paul and St. Louis.
I'm not kidding, Bob.
I shared this message with you.
I was the only slack I ever got out of this damn church,
and it cost me $3,000 to have him shipped back.
Well, most people don't fear Bob.
Don't fear him a bit.
Oh, they think Bob's always going to be their buddy.
And then as soon as they think Bob's dead,
they turn around...
Now, they think he ain't looking anymore.
They turn around and go to the pinks.
Going to the pinks, every one of them.
Oh, friends, he's just testing you.
He's been testing you for two years.
He knows if you've been bad or good.
Oh, yeah.
But more people are frightened of Gary than frightened of Bob.
Anybody want to go to an...
Why does this situation persist?
Well, it's because of the general loss of faith
to companies that modernize
and the feeling that one can no longer support
the fragility, superstition,
and fanaticism of the world.
...and the feeling that one can no longer support the fragility, superstition, and fanaticism of the world.
...and the feeling that one can no longer support the fragility, superstition, and fanaticism of the world.

...an earlier time when one might well believe
in the smiling, pipe-smoking benevolent figure
known from the book of the subterranean.
That's right.
That was really beautiful.
Very touching, yeah.
It was just beautiful.
Could you repeat that?
Everybody welcome.
Well, I'm here to talk about
the conspiracy again.
As usual.
Well,
let's talk about it again.



My favorite conspiracy this time.
The conspiracy within the Church of the Subteens.
Those right on the brain, it's true.
And that's the conspiracy that's away in my brain again.
And I think most of you know what I mean by the conspiracy.
I knew God's day that he comes back.
It'll be a world without slack.
I'm the God of the world.
And he's coming again.
I'm the God of the world.
I'm the God of the world.
I'm the God of the world.
And he's coming again.
If we don't want the answers upon us,
then we need more to be honest.
I'm the God of the world.
I'm the God of the world.
I'm the God of the world.
I'm the God of the world.
And he's coming again.
I'm the God of the world.
And he's coming again.
Again.
Yes, I'm the purple flower of hell.
Give me wide berth when I drop my droves.
Mother nature swoots.
A six million year cycle.
I'm the God of the world.

And in 1998,
Bob sees the world entering a new aeon,
which in a few years,
will bring more wondrous and miraculous change
and carnage, insanity and destruction
than all of mankind's history and prehistory before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic change
that will offer untold riches and power
to those in the know.
While billions of people
deserving conspiracy dupes
for hiding in hell on Earth.
Uncontrolled thinking,
controlled by Bob,
will usher in a spiritual rebirth
and a cascade of astounding mysteries,
supernatural bridges,
and a restoration of lost psychic abilities
that will totally transform the lives
of those who dare to seek them
and pay for them.
That's right.
You're lucky to live in the end of time.
Here's more money, Bob.
Wise up.
They're out to get you.
Moving podium.
Prods.
And having once prodded moves on.
I'm not moving.
You know, the subgenius is not just below a genius,
whatever that may be.
The subgenius does not pretend
to suit the subgenius.
It's not just the super knowledge,
but the subknowledge.
Knowledge of the underthings,
the underwear lurking beneath the clothing of existence.
The foundation garment, if you will.
Underlying reality.
You see, the subgenius is a strange beast indeed.
The two superb subgeniuses represent the secret brains
of our ageless human race.
We can't give a rat's deluge
if we'reểu debate strength,
really guilty of lazy thinking.
Conviction slowly passes off
as cruel as the context of my inherent



Between pure curiosity


over and over again.
Hurry now. We have to catch the last one.
I gave the anti-virgin a hot protein tassel wash.
I'm a bacteriological weapon.
I'm armed and I'm loaded.
I'm a fishing reactor.
I fight plutonium.
Power plants are fueled by the sweat from my brow.
When they plug me in, the lights go out.
In Hong Kong, I weigh 666 pounds and zero gravity.
Come and get me.
Soon they'll begin to fold space.
Space far off in the control rooms of Spice Gas.
Traveling without moving.
Ivan Stang, 15, shows scars after being attacked by an alligator near West Palm Beach, Florida, Monday.
Ivan and a friend were swimming in a lake when suddenly he was grabbed by the head and pulled underwater by a giant sharp-toothed saurian.
I couldn't see anything but teeth and didn't know what had hold of me.
Until the gator let loose and swam away, said Ivan, who suffered wounds requiring 41 stitches.
This is supposed to be a religious show.
Now what is the interpretation of this parable, my friends?
The alligator is the worldly mob, the rabble, who always seek to devour and assimilate the holy men of the Church of the Subgenius.
The lone swimmer, buoyed up by the fluid element, represents, upon the other hand,
the striving outward...
...force of the Church of the Subgenius, which requires 41 stitches,
the same number as the number of bullet holes in Bob's bullet-reddled body.
Praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob, praise Bob.
What are we gonna do?
Wouldn't you like revenge on these mediocrities?
Well, I wouldn't go that far.
These pink boys, these box-dwelling Barbies and Kens, these normals who have made normality the norm?
Well, no, I wouldn't like revenge on those people.
I'd like revenge on you!
I wouldn't, Ivan, because you've taken one too many twenty-dollar check from me.
I've never got...
I want my slack!
Let's see your Subgenius membership card, hmm?
Now let's not get into any...
I mean, say the end times came a little bit soon, Gary.
Do you think you'd make it on the escape saucers of the sex goddesses without your little Subgenius membership card?
I'd sure try.
Oh, this is a great example you're setting for the people out here.
I've got my Bob Amira card here.
It says that I paid up to 1997?
1997?
You see, Gary is the Rasputin of the Church of the Subgenius, often thought for, but rarely encountered.
And it is this self-same-learning for slack which separates us from them.
At the hip.
The human may live out his entire life in a grinding cycle of slacklessness, yet he never feels cheated.
He thinks it's natural.
He thinks it's fine.
Who?
Big deal.
Who cares?
Well, dear friends, this is Reverend Ivan Tsang.
And, uh, we've been getting some calls tonight.
We've been getting some calls.
It's a big deal.


Well, I've been talking to people who have apparently never heard of the Church of the
Subgenius before, don't know anything about it, don't know that there's acres and acres
of reading material available, don't know—which is at least up to the level of the incredible
mixing you're hearing on this show.
And you can write for information.
That's all we can tell you on this station for a very good reason, because you need
to send your money to the station.
But, uh, you can send your letters of your questions.
Send your questions to Bob.
That's J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And friends, that address is coming up as you stay tuned for Ron Lindsay's Soul Oldies.
Have that pencil ready by now?
Well, you need to write to Bob at P.O. Box.
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 www.subgenius.com
So friends, your hour of slack is coming to an end.
But be ready for more slack, more slack dripping and leaking all over you.
Oh, yeah.
I suppose we could get in, but there are nothing but half-witted cattle
racing each other to be first.
First to the slaughterhouse and stampeding you along with them.
But what do you care?
Oh, you've got slack.
Slack.
Yeah.
Anybody want to go down the slack?
That's them all.
Oh, get along, little bobbies.
Go head on down to Dobbstown now.
Get on in that Dobbstown corral, you little bobbies.
Hey, burr.
Mmm.
Ooh, what's up?
Oh, there's a nice fat one.
Yes, you'll be a good trading commodity.
Come the bargaining session with the exes.
First up, I notice y'all don't talk about religion much.
I guess it's real hip out here in California.
It's a more humanistic approach to life.
No, we believe in just letting the holy benediction of Bob
flow out like puss in a puss tank.
I just don't understand the true power of the show.
It's very fashionable to say Bob is a good man.
Oh, he was a prophet.
But, uh, the son of Jehovah's Witness will protect him.
I don't know why he was superstitious.
Certainly.
Very fashionable.
He had an unpretentious, crazy, unproving look.
Oh, is he also God?
But silently, my slow degrees, my spirits are debarred.
In humble trust, my eyelids, in reverential resignation.
No wish to strive, no thought expressed.
Only a sense of suffocation.
With the groove I only got, we shall all be moved.
Ready or not, here we come.
Getting down on the one which we believe in.
Can I get it on my super-thick gourd?
If I turn my gas down, I'm going to hell.
We're on the move.
I think it's time for us to go.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, yeah!
Hey, don't tell me now!
We're on the move!
We're on the move!


Uh, friends, if you're interested in more history of the Church of the Subgenius, there
will be an online course taught in that.
That's why we're doing these rerun-type shows.
If you want information about that, you can check out MaybeLogic.org or even Maybelogic.org.




MaybeLogic.com.
It's MaybeLogic Academy that is doing this.
For information on the Church of the Subgenius,
please look into Subgenius.com.
Speaking of ancient fossilized subgenius tapes,
I'm going to close with some cuts from Media Barrage No. 4,
which predates Hour of Slack.
This was put together in late 1980.
And it'll be okay because remember where Bob is?
Bob is at PO Box 1403-06.
Bob can help you.
That's right. Thanks, Bob.
Thank you for bringing that joy and sunshine and blood into my veins
and bringing those pills into my briefcase
where I can get them out and take them whenever I want.
Yeah, pumping through me.
And I like the pills that Bob sends
because Bob sends pills that make my heart wise.
I have wise blood and family.
I love to feel the blood that Bob makes me.
I pump through my brain because the drugs and oh, Bob.
I like it.
I love you.
I love you.
What if somebody isn't really good with throat noises?
Will you still take their money?
We do not require proof of subgeniusness at all.
We often find that we're able to, once they join up,
we're able to get them off to one of our subgenius retreats,
change their diet, start feeding them propaganda,
repeating the same thing over and over again until they forget who they are.
And start responding only to our dogma.
But it's all real. It's really real.
It was really, really real at the time we were there.
The communications are wide open.
We can hear everything coming down that pike, coming our way.
And we like to be on the radio and talk to all the boys and girls that are all out there.
We're letters and keep them cards and letters coming, girls.
And send pictures of yourselves, if you know what I mean.
Because we need more girls.
And bring your rich fathers.
And we'll convince them that we're not really that weird.
And we can get some money and really make him a lot more money.
Because we're a modern mystical business, man.
Marvelous.
The smell of success is never too sweet.
We can help you out.
I think we're being sold a bill, a big bill of goods.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You can fly to Malaysia and Dobstown.
And you can fly to the special mountaintops where Bob learns from great holy men
that have helped him along when he was younger.
And now he's teaching them.
And you can be with Bob and be listening to the teachings that come through.
And I tell you, friends,
if you can just get that, if you can just pull out that wallet,
pull it out of your pocket, pull it out of your purse,
pull it out of wherever you got it.
Pull it on out.
You can put one hand on the radio and with the other one you pull out that dollar bill.
And I tell you, if you don't feel that power coursing from that dollar bill
to that radio or that tape recorder or that whatever you may have.
I mean, some people tell me they hear the voices
and they don't have no machine running at all.
That's the only experiment people can do if they're listening on the radio.
Or on their tape machine.
So they can take that dollar bill out of their pocket
and hold it by one end above the machine that they're listening on.
Whether it be the radio or the tape recorder.
Hold it there on one end with two hands.
One grasp on each corner and hold it above the machine.
And you'll notice that it bends down and points towards the radio.
It will point down towards it.
Down towards the center of that machine right there.

Right where the real power is meeting the wires.
And it's all coming together.
It's coming out of the reality of the physical world.
And turning into the spirit world.
And there's a bridge there.
And Bob can help you make that bridge to where the physical world
don't no longer mean nothing to you.
And that dollar bill won't mean nothing to you.
And friend, I'm telling you that in five years
that dollar bill ain't going to mean nothing in the spirit world,
the physical world, or the mental world to anybody.
It doesn't mean anything now.
It means nothing.
It means very little.
It can mean a bottle of beer for some lost individual.
It can mean a cigarette or two.
It can mean enough gas to get you back home from the gas station, sure.
But I tell you what, when that tribulation money starts coming down,
you're going to find out that those little green pieces of paper
made by the clones in Washington,
the people that aren't people, they're making that stuff
and it ain't going to be worth nothing.
You can't sleep on it. You can't burn fires with it.
You can't stay warm with that.
You have to have too much of it.
But I tell you what you don't need too much of,
and that's the word of Bob.
