Oh, my friends.
I already kind of missed the smell of the dust.
Dust, that's the first thing you notice when you get to Black Rock City, Nevada, the dust.
First it gets into your nose, and then it gets into everything else.
Now, for most of the year, Black Rock City is not a city at all.
It's nothing, just dust, a perfectly flat expanse called a playa, which is Spanish for beach.
It's an ancient lake bed, now only alkali dust,
cracked in an amazing psychedelic,
pattern for miles and miles in all directions.
No rocks, no bushes, no bugs or snakes,
no water, not even gravel,
just flatness, dust, and sky.
And in the middle of nothing like that, my friends,
anything at all becomes pregnant with meaning.
During the Burning Man Festival, for one week,
there are thousands of pregnant anythings.
And then, my friend, the playa looks as if a spoiled child of giants
has spilled his toy box all over the desert and never picked up after himself.
And all these gigantic, wind-up toys are strewn across the vast desert.
Some have fallen over on their sides and others wobbling and marching.
And my friend, there is absolutely nothing like this!

no way, none, to impart to you the sheer brain-taking total madness and beauty that surrounds one
from up high on the man's pedestal in the center of it all.
You can sit directly under the man's crotch and pan the horizon 360 degrees, and from
that vantage point, this city made of carnivals that confronts you is certainly, my friend,
the most spectacular man-made sight that my brain can even begin to conceive of.
In fact, so much human ingenuity and nuttiness is pretty much inconceivable until you've
seen it.
Pictures just don't do it any kind of justice, and it's moot whether or not you believe me,
because even if you do believe me, you cannot rock it until you're standing there right
in the middle of it all, with your lower jaw scraping the ground as you shut it open.
You're awful stunned and agog through what is really a living Warner Brothers cartoon.
I don't know what it was on for you.
Oh, it's someplace named Charlie Hughes.
Man, look at us, about three PC companies, and everybody was there, except us, man.
So, I was laying in this puddle of red, and I'm a piece of man.
I hate all of this.
Sorry, we call him Charlie and Louie.
Big mouth, big thinking.
Bitch, man.
A little bit of the oddest of the oddest of the oddest.
We're not even in the end.

It was the first one to go, man.
The tide was laying right there.
Flooding the desert with the urine of the sinners and the cavorting demon, devil, werewolf,
spider girl.
Stang, stang, stang, what the hell are you talking about?
I thought Bob just came back from Burning Man.
Have you heard of that famous festival?
All I heard about was werewolves cavorting with barn old candles and so forth and other
things.
I don't even know what it was!
Hey, Blacky.
Any more babes in there?
And then, my friend, if you go way, way out there,
way out there on the perimeter,
away from the city and the plain of artworks
where there's nothing but playa,
that too is sublime in contrast, my friends.
And the contrasts are what is so delicious.
You can stand on a corner that looks like an old western ghost town,
but with Arabian caravans traversing the dusty streets.
And if you go into one of the saloons,
suddenly you're in the year 2525
in some bizarre high-tech holovision light sensorium.
And then you stumble back out onto the Fellini-esque desert,
and a Flintstones car drives by,
driven by spacemen on one side,
while a Jetsons car whips by,
driven by cave women on the other.
You know what?
I'm happy.
You can wander past these sound installations,
and sex installations,
and hell installations,
and...
We can change the world a little bit.

They were there.
They burned the man,
and after they did the giant opera of naked babes,
and the giant thing going into the giant hole,
and the...
A giant thing went into a giant hole?
Showing all the...
All the...
I had wanted to be involved in something like that
for so long, Dr. Jerry.
Love bitch on the plow.
Why do you keep changing names?
I was still out there,
I was still out there,

Jump banging back and forth like an old chimpanzee listening to...
Like an old private policeman hired by some neofascist state.
Like the Ernie Kovacs.
We were free of the corporate state for one week.
But you were not free of the corporate state.
Sort of.
We just lingered.
Sort of.
The man was there.
There was the burning man.
There was the man man.
And then there was...
You could see the man.
There was my man.
You could check out the man was there, though.
I mean, fleeting glimpses of the old trench coat behind the non-existent booth.
Puzzling evidence.
Was the man.
And he was...
Yes, he was.
He was Ranger Coyote.
And he would drive up in his cop car with his cop out...
Ranger, you know, Black Rock Ranger.
With the action rocket strapped to the roof.
And he'd go...
You stay right here while I go and call the cops.
There were cops.
There were...
Understand this.
When you got here to compare notes, you're a...
You're a...
Chief.
Understand this.
Uh, where's that string?
Is that string up his ass?
Oh.
It's not fun anymore.
I want to go.
I want to go home.
It's dusty and hot.
I just want to go to Ranger Heaven and talk on the radio all the time.
See important things like...
The man will burn without you.
The plier is closed.
Which I said today, and the guy said, really?
And he started to pack up his stuff.
I'll let you stay.
Everybody else...
Has to leave.
Because I'm the Ranger.
I'm your mom.
I'm meant for him on my way.
We do what your mom's supposed to do.
But she's not here.
Yes, you're right.
It is gruesome.
Yes, yes, yes, friends.
I would wake up in the morning at...
In our RV.
And look outside.
And look around at the sights.
I'll be right here.
And I would think, how long have I been asleep?
A few hours.

A thousand years?
E.T. phone house.
Is this the future?
Or the past?
I'll be right here.
And friends from atop...
Doctors for Bob.
What?
It's Doctors.
We're Doctors.
We're Doctors for Bob.
Friends, there were Doctors everywhere.
It was like a...
It was like so many unsaved subgeni.
And yet, many were saved.
All the way in.
All the way out.
And the only thing that was saved was the
alien sex, baby.
There was a live, open, open sexual bonoboisticism of an amazing kind of thing.
You people have a permit for all this frilliness?
Let me see your frill permit.
So we just passed what?
Five o'clock and sex drive.
So I want to know, if something comes up on our radio net about the sheriff going crazy
at five o'clock and sex drive.
Friends, I met so many wonderful subgeni.
That we had never encountered before out there.
The giant Dobbs heads we were toting around.
Lured them.
Bob himself was always one jump ahead of us.
We could never catch up to him.
But, uh...
God, there were some scroogeous...
There were real super heroes, friends.
Real super heroes.
My new hero, Megavolt, would drive through the crowds on top of the crowd.
On top of this gigantic truck.
Which was mounted...
It was mounted with huge Van der Graaf generators that must have been pounding thousands of
billions of megavolts through him.
Oh, here comes Megavolt's truck coming around the bend now.
Listen to those incredible discharges of electricity.
This guy would stand inside of a suit.
A thick space suit.
Holding things like...
People would pass up to him VCRs and TVs.
And he would hold them up to these incredible voltages.
And...
You'd watch the shrieking electricity rip through the objects of the man.
Megavolt is a real hero.
The mutants are among us, my friends.
Now...
Why...
Do these insane people heard in the background go to Burning Man?
It's to be as weird as they possibly can, my friends.
And there is some stiff competition for weirdness out there, oh my droogies.
It's like a fashion show of madmen.
Indeed, there's a yearly Burning Man fashion show sponsored by the madwomen, Annie, Franny, and Nick.
With our own Dr. Howell.
And the lovely Connie Champagne.
As MCs.
And you see, their camp, as well as various others, were associated with ours.
Which was Bob and Philo's Bad Film Fun Hole Theater.
Dr. Philo Drummond erected an actual full half-scale drive-in movie screen upon which we projected various sacred bad films from our collections.
And friends, it is because of the leadership and guidance of our own puzzling efforts, that we have created this show.
And it is because of the evidence, disguised as Ranger Coyote of the famous Black Rock City Rangers, that the subgeni are able to so well enjoy Burning Man and reap so many of its benefits.
And, uh, so...
And, uh, and, uh...
Snarf, snarf, snarf, snarf, snarf, snarf, snarf...
Why?
Humanity is my evil enemy.
Why?
Because it's not worth saving.
Woo!
Yes!
Yes!
What do you think, Dr. Drummond?
Well, I think, uh...
That it's a dangerous place to be.
People with fire, and all this nudity.
I also know that judgment returns when you sober up.
Chemical cop out.
We scored this afternoon.
Wow!
Chemical cop out.
Restless is the hunger
In seven halves of a soulless gym
Crystal twilight to turn me on
With psychedelic super kick
Chemical cop out, lives inside of me and I
Where I find liquid motion paints a hazy sky
Oh, I'm not in front of everybody here, come on, Jack.
Maybe you'd like to tell us now what really happened last night.
Jack, you don't want everybody else to come on.
It was great, but it's not something to talk about.
This time I want the truth.
Okay, okay, it was great, Jack.
Did you go and repair a car for a woman by the name of Maria Aruba?
Look, Maria Aruba is a woman.

She's cool, okay?
Maria's doing...
She didn't have anything to do with it.
Is that so?
Go ahead, arrest me, take me in.
I don't want to talk about it.
All right, son, what is it, Speed?
Benny's?
What are you on?
Benny's.
All right, son, what is it, Speed?
Benny's?
What are you on?
And Mace.
Is that why your boyfriend needed money?
To support your health?
Clorox.
And some, uh, a little bit of, uh, acid and some downers and some...
I'm sorry.









Is that right?
Say Mace and PCP, Angel Dust.
Muggles Boo.
Is that right?
Sure, man.
Hey, come on, dude.
Get with it.
Who turned you on?
The grass or the pills?
Bob, man.
Bob turned me on, dude.
You're a liar.
No, man.
Bob is the truth.
Bob, Bob.
Well, Bob wants you.
God loves you, Jack, but Bob wants you.










You're a liar.
But it's not all reality of mine, Jack.
But with marijuana, the whole purpose is to get so high you don't know who or what
you are.
Son, no matter how you slice that, that's dangerous.
Praise God!
You're a liar.
I plead insanity, sir.
It's intolerable.
I only know one last question.
I want you to think carefully about what I'm gonna ask you now.
I'm gonna ask you a question.
















Yes, sir.
I want you to think carefully about what I'm gonna ask you now.
Yes, sir.
Yes, okay.
Have you ever blazed up before?
Have you ever blazed up dance before?
Let's quit for the night.
I'm getting bored.
See you later.
Praise Bob.
See you later.
Watch out!
Yeah!
Bonjour!
Ah, ah!
Brother!













I...
Meme! Meme!
There has been no plutonium release!
Please step away from the bicycle!
Alright.
Friends, Princess Wee and I had been trudging from spectacle to spectacle for hours.
The sun was going down, but we were dreadfully thirsty, far from camp, and our canteens were dry.
Our legs hurt and slack was evaporating when suddenly, right before us, appeared a heavenly cloud on wheels.
A cloud, I tell you, with harp music.
And from this mobile cloud emerged angels.
Beautiful angels with pure white wings and pure white miniskirts.
They let us each pluck a feather from their wings, and our slack was magically restored to us.
So many times, one would start to feel discouragement due to the hardship of the environment,
when suddenly, from nowhere, would shower rain, or slack, or beer, or light, or noobility.
Like an endless...
Like an endless parade of short-duration personal saviors.
And friends, speaking of short-durper salves,
here, in a live, non-planned, ranting performance, standing in the middle of the desert in his underwear,
the great saint, Michael Pepe.
No, it's been a great...
It's been a great burning, man, except now...
Now, you've got Philo all hyped up about, well, let's get out of here, we're leaving in an hour, leaving in a half hour.
I was going...
You've been in five years.
Tonight was gonna be my big night when I was gonna get laid.
I was saving up.
It was...
No, it wasn't going to be, Michael.
That was where you were wrong.
I mean, he screwed up your life that badly?
I've been... huh?
He screwed up your life that badly by taking you away from here before you could get laid?
Yes.
Man...
I was getting all psyched.
I was getting...
Uh...
I was reserving...
I was reserving my energy.
Well, if you'd, uh, helped...
If you'd made sure Philo got laid last night, then we'd still be here.
Then I probably would have had some.
But now he's all mad now, because he's over annoyed.
We used to call over annoyed...
Yeah.
Poisoning of the goonads.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's over annoyed and...
And he doesn't want to larrap...
He doesn't want to larrap this place.
This place is larrapping good.
So, this is larrapping good and...
Yeah.
Well, why are we staying up here?
Now, were you gallivanting around last night?
Or were you lollygagging?
I was...
I was gallivanting and...
I was...
We couldn't get none.
But, uh...
But, uh...
Tonight, I'm planning to get some.
You gonna larrap it down?
Tonight I was planning to larrap it down.
Larrap some....
Uh...
Some...
Some rug.
Larrap some rug?
I was gonna larrap some rug...
You gonna larrap that rug?
Some of that pineapple?
Hey, here's a rug larrapper up here!
Michael Pappy, dear friends.
I'm not here to give you reasons to leave Burning Man.
No.
I'm here to give you reasons to stay.
Like for instance, here at Burning Man all the Altoids are pungent and refreshing and
certainly not dosed with a potent blend of lysergic acid diethylamide mixed with elephant
tranquilizer and methamphetamine.
How preposterous.
Why if such a thing were true, hundreds if not thousands of you would have already ingested
that brain-frying narcotic cocktail.
Any minute you might freak out, choke on your own tongues or even fall into a coma.
And no one falls into a coma at Burning Man.
Another good reason to stay here at Burning Man is that all the new people with whom you're
having sex are guaranteed to be 100% STD free.
STD stands for sexually transmitted disease and those vivid oozing blisters speckling
your groin right now can't possibly be one of those.
It must be heat rash.
Nope, there's nothing to worry about.
Hey why not get some coffee over at the cafe?
It's piping hot and totally free of ground glass and feces.
And hey, while you're wandering around with that coffee don't forget to look up and appreciate
those coffee cups.
There's fabulous lasers overhead.
Isn't it great that they aren't deadly and that Larry Harvey isn't planning to suddenly
train them on every major theme camp in Black Rock City neatly severing people's heads at
the neck and leaving their lifeless torsos to twitch and spill blood into the plier?
I think so.
So forget about the boy or girlfriend you left back home, the one who's cheating with
a mailman right now.
Forget about pointless conveniences like air conditioning, clean toilets, fresh sushi
and laundered underwear.
Forget about the co-worker who's putting in overtime to ensure that he's not getting
the promotion and you get the sack.
It all pales in comparison to the risk-free fun at Burning Man, doesn't it?
This has been Tokyo Rico with a transmission.
Well, Dr. Legume, I guess you should have gone to Burning Man after all.
Satan was ready to take you in there.
But you refused to say no.















You didn't even sign on the dotted line.
Instead, you decided to follow the Pink Bob.
And look where the Pink Bob got you, Catan Legume.
Oh, that's not the truth at all.
In fact, I was slacking off myself out at Brushwood last weekend while you were out
in the desert with all of those pink sellout Burning Man people.
Is that Mountain Dew Presents Burning Man now?

You know, actually, it's funny you should mention that because in defense of that noble
artistic festival, they don't even allow vending.
That's how uncommercial it is.
I had to hide my swag sales.
And Dr. Legume, I got to fire the propane cannon on the anti-popemobile driven by the
insane Argentinian monkey boy, Raul.
Man.
Oh, my God.
You're not even talking that up.
No, I am not.
And the reason...
Well, now I don't feel the need to brag myself.
I've heard enough of it, actually.
But...
Well, I won't...
They always get mad at me when I start to give away the secrets of Burning Man, so I'm
not going to talk about it.
I've had enough.
I refuse to say another word.
Come on, Stang.
What was it like when they did the man?
I don't know.

I'm not going to say anything.
Oh, no.
That's for the tourists.
That's the part that they tell you people about.
So now he says you people?
My lips are sealed.
You attacking our race.
You racist bastard.
You've been keeping us down too long, whitey.
What?
Are you talking about blemishes and acne and soiled underwear and one lousy fetid breath?
Legume's more whitey than me.
And that's saying a lot.
You got to feel it, man.
That's how as white as a white man can be.
Inbred from a strange race of albino monkeys on a little island in the middle of the Pacific 50,000 years ago.
As the aliens looked down in awe and wonderment, the tiny little pink and white men began to talk to each other.
They were called Smiths.
The very first ones were Smiths and that's why they're so named.
And they became confused, so one had to be a Jones.
The Smiths are the whitest, whitest white men.
Even the black Smiths.
Because when you're a Smith, it is as if you have inherited the mantle of the most...
Somewhere in Scotland, a long, long time ago, there was a guy named Smith and he really got around.
He was quite the stud.
There was a guy in China named Li who was a much bigger...
Bigger stud, however.
And there's a lot more Li's than Smiths.
Ah, no one doesn't like Sino-Soviet...
How many Lone Cow Dave?
They don't allow Lone Cow Dave.
Listen, listen, everyone, everyone quiet.
Lone Cow Dave illegal.
You go home, Lone Cow Dave.
Go to pasture and cow.
You love cow and bull man.
You owe me money.
Bull man, you love cow.
No, no, you owe me...
You go meet cow titty.
You go home now.
You owe me...
You go to smoking cow and go to desert.
You go.
You need store now.
You go out.
Put down pants and go.
Cut it out!
See, now it would be unique.
Check it, check it, check it out.
Now it's a real...
Now Philo's a burner.
That would be unique.
I'm a real burner now.
Sub-Genius Camp, Sub-Genius Theme Camp, everybody talking at once.
Shooting the multi-teni.
Imitating Jane or Sub-Genius Theme Camp.
Everybody's center of attention, Sub-Genius.
Yeah, this is it.
This is the big media mecca.
This is media shema mecca.
You know, that would be good.
It's nothing but cameras, cameras, Sub-Genius.
Sub-Genius Theme Camp.
People ranting.
This is the way Burning Man should be all the time.
All the time.
Me all the time, Cam.
And yet these people sit here silently.
All me, all the time.
They say nothing about Bob.
That's what I listen to.
24 hours a day.
What do these people know of Bob?
What do they deserve to know of Bob?
At this late date, I mean, if the exorcist had come, these people would all be dead.
They'd be dead.
So why should we try to change fate after that?
Well, you know, you're right.
They deserve...
Only Bob can deliver the goods now at this point.
In a sense, they deserve the purgatory and the hell that's going to come.
But they're destined for...
Yeah.
A normal life.
A normal life.
A purgatory.
A Bob-less reality.
I've tried to talk me out of loving me from being as obsessed with me as I am.
No real connection with Slack.
No girls like that over there.
No pine tans.
And they have nothing.
Much like us.
They think that they...
That's right.
Much like us right now.
We have nothing, but we supposedly have Slack if we talk ourselves into that.
Well, that's the key, though.
That's the key.
We have the ability to talk ourselves into Slack.
Into Slack directly.
From nothing.
From nothing.
From a dead hole.
From ground zero.
Spontaneous combustion.
We could go to the Gulag Archipelago.
None of these people could even stand in there.
They'd be unhappy.
They have to have a fancy tent with glow lights and...
That's right.
They've got to have fancy sex, fancy breasts, fancy penises.
We don't need that.
As a subgenius, as long as his nose is glowing...
As a subgenius, as long as he's growing boogers...
That's right.
...he can still find Slack somewhere.
That's right.
He can eat and sleep.
There will be a source of Slack.
He's got boogers up his nose.
You know what I did a minute ago?
I took like a...
Dingleberries?
I took a big wad of paper towels and just reamed and reamed and reamed and reamed and
reamed and reamed and I went over here and reamed and reamed and reamed.
And a lot of people just don't know the joy of that.
I had one of those handle ones and pulled it out on this side and it took everything,
even the one from this side.
Wow.
I had one that had a handle on it.
I never had one.
And I grabbed that handle and I yanked and yanked and yanked and when it came out it
had these big long roots on it that had big bloody stumps at the end of each one.
Oh, that's a beauty.
That's a beauty.
It was connected to my brain pan, the bottom side of my brain pan.
That was medulla oblongata.
Yeah, it was right there attached.
And then when it came out, I kind of went like this.
I went...
Oh, yeah, but then it hurt kind of, didn't it?
Yeah, this side of my head went like...
Did it rip and start bleeding all coming down all over your mustache?
You got to be careful.
Don't...
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
One afternoon, my friends, anyone who is near the town of Black Rock City was treated
to thousands of bare feminine breasticles on bicycles in a parade called the Critical
Tits Bike Ride.
Actually it's thousands and thousands of pairs of chouncers and jigglers at which sporting
paint jobs and other decorations like an endless jiggling Christmas tree of...
of breasticles.
Friends, there were five story high Martian monster creatures, Salvador Dali paintings
brought to life, more satyricon than satyricon itself.
Friends, there were such gorgeous accidents waiting to happen, like the giant mushroom
in the Emerald City, which had a door at the bottom and a spiral staircase running up the
stem and a pleasure dome at the top crammed with hooch sipping sophisticons.
And gaping arched rednecks, much like ourselves.
Friends, and...
Oh my god, I can't even begin.
But after all, friends, where then and what does all this happy sappy baloney have to
do with Bob Dobbs, you ask?
Well, friends, it has to do with slack.
Slack is the only real pay at Burning Man.
It's the primary medium of exchange.
And most of those burners just don't know the word for slack yet.
But they probably have their own word.
This is cacophony society country, friends, remember?
A lot of them are already saved and we don't need to be preaching to them, just selling
to them.
And a lot of people out at Burning Man can't be saved because they're pink and destined
to die on X-Day no matter what.
Nonetheless, friends, Burning Man is like a preview of the real X-Day.
Or a preview of the real X-Day.
Or a preview as the case may be dehydration-wise.
The hundreds of elaborate and highly original theme camps are almost like personal pleasure
saucers.
And many actually look just like flying saucers from the outside.
And some are larger on the inside than they are on the outside.
And friends, there's just...
Just to give you an idea, here's a tiny sampling of some of the names of the theme camps.
And objects, the art and so forth that we wandered into such as the Bookmobile of the Wasteland,
which was a real bookmobile with real good books.
Haunted.
Nonetheless, the Alien Love Nest.
The Euphorium.
The Astral Headwash.
The Bad Idea Theater.
The Barbie Death Camp and Wine Bistro.
The Barnum and Burnham Circus.
The Boldvolutionary Camp.
The Burning Man and the Wasteland.










The Trading Scouts of America.
The Costco Soulmate Trading Outlet.
Crack Out in the Womb.
Cross Dress for Less.
Disturbia Disgraceland.
And Enlighten Trapment, friends.
And that's only reading through the E's.
Of course, then there is other places like the Latex Love from the Aliens Above, the
Irrational Geographic Society, and Loner Town.
Where you saw some of the subgeniuses.
Anyway, friends, I took a lot of pictures and those are all on sub-site at www.subgenius.com.
But we didn't get a whole bunch of audio that was worth a hoot.
Just Michael Pepe, the great Saint Michael Pepe ranting.
He was among us.
And so I'm going to mix in some rerun audio collage from the Doctor Youmentary from Hour
of Slack number 752.
Back in the old days.
Burning Man 2000.
Which went like this.
We would cruise the playa on the motorized living room of Saint Pepper Mouser.
Literally a living room on wheels with a bar and a bartender and a stewardess and beautiful
babes and a cranking stereo heard in the background and on this mighty machine.
We would ride across the desert looking at the weirdest artworks and human beings in
time.
Everyone on the internet was watching God's grey history and pouring out

Many many high muck.
We raised the giant Dob's Head on a 99 foot scaffold to compete with that fat panic burning
man.
We projected the metal Dob's head by why-ask-why on the hugest pain in the entire universe.
And human beings have never seen it.
It doesn't come out.
Our television doesn't lie.
What.
If you can imagine the sight of gigantic propane cannons looking, literally looking like atom bombs going off in the night in the desert
as we stood from the crow's nest of the motorized living room looking at 30,000 people wearing those neon green silo light sticks around their neck.
If you could only see what these eyes have seen.
It looks like you, yeah, there are no eyes. It looks like your pupils are like this, like translucent orbs and stuff.
I bet they are. I'm still, I have not yet repaired my cameras nor my eyeballs in mind.
Didja, make sure to shave the sphincter muscle the way Dad taught his son.
God, this has been such a fine year.
Didja, shave it the way that Mom and I both instructed you back when you were a little teeny boy.
I sure hope you did because of us now.
And next year, until the world ends.
And friends, this is a hell of a party as the world draws to a close in the year 2001.
And God darn heck it, they know how to party out there at that Burning Man thing.
It's kind of expensive.
How many does it cost for one human unit?
200 souls.
100 souls per swag bar.
Burn your soul.
But we're going to start our own rival.
We're going to get right to the point.
And rivalry.
And right out there a week earlier, before Burning Man, out on the Black Rock Desert, we will start holding a new festival called Naked Woman.
Well, no, that was not the funny one, which has been blotted out of existence, which I thought of many, many times before.
And now it's just totally gone, so I'm going to leave it there as a painful, painful lack of memory.
A pile of ash that has to be cleaned up.
It might have been Drowning Woman, but I think it could never be so specious and orgone.
The Overmen and Bob Dobbs were there.
I return from Burning Man with renewed optimism for the fate of humanity, as well as a reinforced faith that our X-Day Drills events are kind of on the right track.
I mean, I mean, I mean...
Puzzlingly evidence was up.
And Philodrumon was...
Or policemen at Burning Man.
That's the kind of city Black Rock City becomes.
Like Brigadoon, once a year, this land of magic and slack.
You'll come behind the tent.
That's right.
And for everyone here, there's a corresponding...
Like, for instance, there, there was a lonely cow person, David.
Get out of here.
And a Charles of a...
Oh, I see what you're saying.
A Dr. Charles Smith.
And a...
There were these alternate, semi-connected characters, which you can't fit into your mind still because you're more...
As I understand...
What a curiosity about you.
And Einstein's famous band.
Get off of it.
And the Church of Dawn and so forth.
It was like a perfect...
Everything that we do in our bizarre cultish things, they do, only they do it jacked up times a thousand.
Perhaps you're an anti-world.
So if there's...
A world created to...
If we have ten beautiful naked babes wrestling at X-Day, they have ten thousand naked babes juggling fire at Burning Man.
Oh, man, we just can't compete.
If we've got one motorized art car that looks like something out of Road Warrior, they've got a fleet of them.
And it's every rich yuppie dot communist in San Francisco.
Dog whistles and go nags, Mr. Boing Boing.
Why don't we...
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to interrupt you, but why can't we do something like this just on the spur of a moment?
We can.
It's so situationist, you know?
We can do it in your backyard.
And the police will come and kill you.
Well...
That's the only drawback because of the conspiracy.
That's the only conspiracy of the normal people.
Well, we have to learn to work around living in a police state.
We have to learn to enjoy it.
Perhaps there's some motives or perhaps some avenue or venue.
Well, we have to have our own police and our own state.
And they must be fully accredited so the real police don't come and bother us.
Good luck.
And they must be also highly armed in case the real police really come.
And then they must...
Well...
Well, if you build your own Amsterdam, they come and put you in jail.
If you build your own ship, it will probably explode on the launch pad knowing the people we're talking about.
If you build your own famous hero sandwich, you'll become a rich mongrel and a policeman forever.
I mean, just think about all the policemen we've stirred into the mix tonight.
If you'll just do the one thing the conspiracy wants you to do, then you can be a millionaire.
All you have to do is give up.
Just give up.
Just give up and face, you know, be practical.
Be practical.
Get a, you know, get the right kind of work.
Work your way up in the company.
And, actually, you know, there's nothing wrong with working your way up in the company.
If you can learn to kiss the art, the fine art, the zen-like art of butt kissing.
What company do you...
Without actually...
Have you been in the company of spirits?
...later, they will defecate on your face.
Nip, nip, nip, nip, nip, nip, nip, nip.
Philo's in there.
Do it.
I'm doing that.
Well, at least he waited till we were gone.
Oh, God.
Okay, all right, all right.
Because I'm supposed to report him to the Nevada State Highway Patrol for misuse of country roads.
You guys are both really bad cops.
Yeah.
I'm going to have to go arrest some people because I have to get my quota or I won't get paid in donuts today.
Yeah, wink, wink, donuts.
Oh, my God.
Camp Skinner.
Look at that with the rebel flag on it.
Cool.
Oh.
I bet they're fake rednecks.
I bet they're not even real rednecks.
I bet they're not even real rednecks.
Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm.
Get out of the way.
People out here, they don't have any respect for road rules.
Look at that guy.
He's broke.
Just stop.
Yeah.
You guys think it's his ranger yelling at him.
I don't know.
Should I do something?
Yeah.
I'm pulling your bike license.
Don't kill yourself.
There's something happening here.
You don't know what it is, Mr. Harvey.
I can't control it because it's too huge now.
It's going too fast, and the state's going to smoosh your little parade permit.
Now, Ed Strange was another person I was thinking.
Okay, now why?
You should be at Burning Man every year because it's like a thousand Ed Strangers running around.
Defecators strangely defecating everywhere.
Making insane fake weapons out of household items.
I can't believe you frequented that perverse gathering out there.
I don't know what kind of racist organization you're running anyway.
Well, speaking of frequency, when was the last time you defecated in the Burning High?
Oh, wait a minute.
You're out in the middle of the Black Rock Desert burning a 150-foot effigy of a white man.
I'd expect that from a bunch of young punks out there.
But you're old enough to remember the segregation days of the 60s when white people were forced to sit at the front of the bus.
There's nothing better than having someone stick a screwdriver right in your frontal lobes and twisting it.
You're not going to get very, very hard until they actually sweat in the armpits.
I think you probably could explain loads and loads and other volumes of it.
Come on. Come on, fess up.
I saw a whole lot of colored people at Burning Man.
They were like blue, green, purple, scientific silver, you know, orange, blue, purple.
If we, if at X Day we have a parade of, you know, 40...
I got those Norwegian beauty. I got purple. I got black. I got purple.
Breastises.
I got orange.
Breastises.
At Burning Man, there was a parade of like literally a thousand breastises.
Breastises of our life.
I mean...
Dr. Tom, I told you.
What are they doing?
She's not going to make it through the X-Fest.
Why are they making more money than the Church of the Subgenius?
Look, Bill, I didn't want to give her an X-Fest in the first place.
An X-Fest is expensive.
We can't afford X-Fest for every woman that thinks that she's possessed by dogs.
The Church of the Subgenius would probably make more money.
It wasn't, frankly, filled with subgeniuses.
Well, then...
Frankly filled with subgeniuses?
You know, but that was a problem at one time the Mormons had, the Scientologists.
And look at them now.
They're visible.
They're big enough to get the masses of fine art of making them work for us.
Yeah.
Right now it's just us working for us.
Think of the wild rat party buffoons we used to...
Yeah, I know. We're terrible employees.
You know, think of the blues projects we used to invent before we passed out.
Doing the numbers, as they used to say.
I'm gonna go flip the brain.
Uh, Stan, you don't need to flip the brain.
Come back here. He's going away. He's mad now.
Bunch of dogs.
He was talking about Burning Man and he thought I was interrupting him, right, Chas?
That it was personally my fault.
It's all your fault, Dave.
I thought it was a spud gun up his ass.
Well, you know, you didn't have to stick that thing up there so early.
Why don't you go drink their damn coke then?
Quit and leave.
You know, well, what we've gotta do...
I'm tired of hearing you whine about it.
How much better the other guy is.
No, no, it's not that.
Actually, we... Bob Dobbs and Bob's called ministers made a hell of a showing.
And I couldn't sell too... save too many souls because it seemed like every other person there knew who Bob was.
Well, then it's time to start saving them so they can be saved once again.
Yeah, they're not Princess Louie. Princess Louie.
I'll tell you what, we need to just lead a huge caravan of our kind in there to show those people how to do it all night.
Cause most of them can tell I'm a 49,000 year old man and I outlasted most of them bum kids in that damn bum-free street crab in a high bunk.
Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow.
There it be. The fortress of...
The flying Dutchman.
We'll get there!
It appears sometimes in a different place on Earth.
Ice tank, the treasure is there.
Be man enough to find it.
Look, we're traveling through an absolute whiteout.
It's sheer blankness in front of us.
All you can see is like a vague shape of a car in front of you,
and the whole caravan goes away.
That's the last thing you see.
Look at those people. We could kill them. Nobody would even know.
We didn't mean to. We couldn't save them.
There was a lot of dust and there was a lot of rest in this edge.
Everybody in California has to put edge on the end of everything.
So it's like, man, I'm really feeling my road rage-age today.
Everywhere you went, there was this wind and this dust,
and there were so many things that could break your camera or your brain,
like dryness or LSD breath or sunspots or the giant lasers that covered the sky at night,
friends.
Lasers a mile long.
The weird vibes could break your camera.
The Cyalume light stick radiation could get to you.
The microwaves from the spy satellites photographing all the nakedity from above could get to you.
The dehydration could get to you.
The
sun.
The sun.

The sun.
The sun.
The urgency.
каждый
entrance
ações



nah
trainings
industry

and activity
I'm just going, oh oh oh oh
Just a chemical cop-out
Silent double sirens
Happy the soul rotated me
Tranquilizer flower chunking
Lost the matter, laced in pain
Chemical cop-out lives inside a neon light
Where half our liquid motion paints a hazeless sky
Chemical cop-out
Just a chemical cop-out boss man
Chemical cop-out
Just a chemical cop-out
Chemical cop-out
Welcome to Talk Show Camp Show.
The year is 2000.
We're in Black Rock City.
What a great day.
What a great day.
What a fine, fine day, and what a fine, fine studio.
Has anyone seen this man?
Look at Bob.
Is that Bob?
Has anyone seen this?
Have you seen him?
We're sure that Bob Dobbs is that Burning Man.
Bob is definitely a burning man.
Since Bob can't be with us physically, I think we need to channel him.
I think you're right.
We'll have to wait a little while.
Friends, here's the problem.
You've got people who are always going, well, I want to hear Bob talk.
I want to see what the hell's going on with Bob.
I want to lean on Bob.
I want Bob to be my crutch.
My friend, this is not the crutch of the sub-division.
If you are going to be some guy, you're supposed to be Bob's crutch.
You don't ask what goes in Bob's pipe.
You don't be asking what Bob's smoking in his pipe.
You threw yourself into Bob's pipe, damn it.
Don't let him smoke you.
Let Bob smoke you.
And then you'll understand.
I can stand the ladies and gentlemen by their side.
I can feel the magic.
They'll find me when they pry me out of my car.
I can hold that finger.
Ivan, Ivan, I understand you brought a clip.
What makes you scream like that?
We're going to roll that clip.
Friends, this music that I've been running in the background through the credits is from Lampre Systems.
And friends, we have gotten to get away from Burning Man and yet to go back into it, we got a great new piece of music from the El Queso All Stars.
Called Flesh Pinata.
And this song, I think in some ways, sort of describes a subgenius's life at Burning Man during that Brigadoon-like week.
And here they are, the El Queso All Stars.
Don't make me kill that Gallaghan.
I'll fucking do it.
Step away from the Gremlin or through it into a parallel universe.
In the navel of a Yeti with a twisted head like a bowl full of spaghetti and meatballs.
Blue Rolls with a singing voice of Garfield.
The Sensuals live in Springfield.
My pal owns a Lee Enfield.
And he has you in the hard side.
So don't fight, just give up the pumpkin and do it right.
He eats his Fendi at a birthday party.
He's a Flesh Pinata.
Hit me a mirror in a line of Lucille Ball's ashes.
The fashes have dashed my hopes of necrophilia.
By burning the butt, I've been yearning to fuck.
I've been down on my luck jerking off to Buck Roger.
And woman-fearing spandex camel toe.
So the dirty hoe on that show turned little Gillen to a homo.
If my mustache could throw a sausage, I would name it Jim J. Pollock.
It would be a movie star so far beyond the gayest gay bar.
Barring all but no perversions, fudgy tapes and sagging back teeth.
Sickest person you could meet.
He had a mind, he had no seed.
If my sausage could throw a mustache, he'd shit English watching MASH.
I'd name it Jim J. Pollock too.
It'd talk for you and his family.
I'd make a god of Jamie Farr.
Oh my god, I'm gonna die.
Pork and beans is true meaning.
Is it a blackout mind-shot?
Looking at your face, how smile, part-time watch without a doubt.
Excess bleed, off course disaster.
Open chest, move a lot, bus transfer.
Throw it down the door cause you can't find the answer.
Vigilancy beyond the limits of the frequency.
Living for the quest to contribute to delinquency.
Thought crimes, good times.
Diging middle land mines.
Black eyes, moonshine.
Eyes that cross the ties of isolation.
Moth creation, regressed apathy, total manipulation.
I'm the best you may.
Tandem, forger, disco, discord, calling, yester, platinum.
Rival, godly propaganda.
Danny, great to win, too anti-cliffed.
And shifting into obsolete.
The shitting after blood.
Easy peasy, this porn athlete.
Born above the scorn of sin.
Gear, pandem, mentioned, old, invisible.
We're psychic pimps.
Pushers of buttons that open and shut open.
Slap up a lion by 30,
and subscribe to the Night for solutions polluting the visions of minions of herbae and kings that would nay say the true way of slack and describable.
A level is reached that makes normals free.
You can land, Bob, and it was so inco-beautiful, dream.
Like a cripple at recess when he beats the mean kids, he's a flesh piñata.
Like a mouthing woman with a drunken husband, she's a flesh piñata.
Like Alan Alda if we ever hurt him, he's a flesh piñata.
Flesh piñata.
Flesh piñata.
Like a cripple at recess when he beats the mean kids, he's a flesh piñata.
Flesh piñata.
Like a mouthing woman with a drunken husband, she's a flesh piñata.
Flesh piñata.
Like Alan Alda if we ever hurt him, he's a flesh piñata.
Flesh piñata.
Flesh piñata.
Flesh piñata.
Flesh piñata.
Flesh piñata.
Flesh piñata.
Flesh piñata.
Friends, that was El Queso All Stars, with Flesh Piñata.
And you can get more of their music and information from MP3.com.
Slash.
El Queso All Stars.
And that's one word.
You have to know how to spell El Queso, and I'm sure you can spell All Stars, but it's
all run together.
What I like about that band is they're actually called THE El Queso All Stars.
If you're gonna do something, leave something with you.
Just like I would tell you.
If you're gonna do something, do it well.
Then leave something with you.
Leave a sign to let the world know that you were there.
Oh, friends, leave a trace.
That's what we try to do.
And you can get more information about the Church of the Subgenius if you just write
to this P.O.
Box I'm about to give, or else check www.subgenius.com at P.O.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And to bring us out.
But never dance.
Here's a great new collage by Reverend Protectrix Amazonia, which we copped off of alt.
binary.
Slack.
Called Overman Rising.
This is Berlin calling.
Berlin calling.
The American Mother Rise from T-Lab.
And I'd just like to say, sir, that when Berlin calls, it pays you weekly.
When Berlin calls, it pays you every week.


We're going to play a hiding and finding game with music.
Now, this is what we do.
We pretend that you've got some balls, and I'm going to hide them.
There's a blue light.
Oh, thank God.
I pray to the air.
You don't know where I'm going to hide your balls.
It's a testosterone storm.
No matter.
It's just too big.
It's just too big.
Now, open your eyes.
Dance lightly about, looking everywhere for your...
Sit down at the bottom.
For a time, we tried to contact him by radio.
I was swimming in a rainstorm with millions of babies.
At the very top of it, it says, the Christ is here.
And he was naked.
Put a roof on this son of a bitch!
You don't die that way.
You can't do anything to him.
He's a fucking elephant son of a bitch.
You don't know where I'm going to hide your balls.
I'm going to find him.
You're going to find me.
You're going to find me.
You don't know where I'm going to hide your balls.
You'll never know what's after.
Go through a tender pain.
And know that you'll save your flowers first.
This is my last move, and I'll leave the pain.
And you can tell the truth.
You're going to find him.


And then, all of a sudden, I turn into a perfect smile.
Did you, sticky, apologize?
Are you dead, 38?
Are you looking at my eyes?
At the very top of it, it says, the Christ is here.
Never see a little bit of horror storming.
Right there in the LA Times, in the full page, the Christ says it's in bacon.
24 says what?
Stand by to check interior radiation.
My heart's as full as a baked potato.
Wait.
You're cutting into his butt.
Well, what kind of teeth do you want?
Well, not butt.
I'm a water-based, fake, and straight-up no-wake doctor.
I just got an answer, Dave.
And now, the music's going to tell you where your balls are.
They may be high up, so that you have to stretch and jump up for them.
Or they may be low down, so that you have to pick them up.




I'm off the floor.
You will no longer stand between me and my destiny.
Hold it.
Look.
Cover his quad.
Hold it.
Almost a lot.
Some baby, that rat-fat spider nightmare, huh?
Exactly six miles north of Skag Mountain in the Valley of Pain, there lives an evil devil
monster.
His name is Bingo Gas Station Motel Cheeseburger with a side of aircraft noise, and you'll
be Gary Indiana.
And I'm Gary Indiana.
And I'm Gary Indiana.
I'm not a superhero.
And he loves to hurt people.
Hold it.
Look.
Cover his quad.
Hold it.
Almost a lot.
We have known your planet Earth since the herdsmen pulled out of the primeval slime
of your seas to become man.
I'm not a superhero.
The sky is blue and all the leaves are green.
My heart is full as a baked potato.
I'm sure you know exactly what I mean.
At the center of the universe.
At the border between the light and the dark.
I'm not a superhero.
I'm a man.








Some baby that wrapped that spider nightmare, huh?
The girl.
The hell with radiation, let's go.
It's a testosterone storm.
I'm a superhero.
I'm nigh invulnerable.
I'm not a superhero.
I'm a superhero.
You're doomed.
Doomed.
Doomed.
No wondrous sorceress will die.
This is the very beginning of the end of the medicine.
All of his civilization.
I left my world, I have no love of hair.
You respect him.
Well, you respect him.
Lay your balls high up or low down.
I'm not a superhero.
I'm Batman.
You can see it in his face.
I just got asked for a date.
You can help me save the Earth from a terrible experience.
Yes, the whole Earth.
Many false prophets, false primes.
Bitch.
Squaw.
Oh, thank you, Master.
It's just what Rush Limbaugh said.
He's in town.
He's over at McConnell's, standing in line.
Jesus is here.
He's in McDonald's.
Now I'm going to hide the balls again.
Shut your eyes.
Oh, that's hot.
That's very hot.
You're a good boy, Mo.
You're a superhero.
We have known your planet Earth since the first creature crawled out of the planet.
He was swine when Earth ceased to be governed.
So creature.
At the very top of it, it says,
Targon's here.
Targon is now here.
Yeah.
Targonacey surely has become the result ofernae extinction.




I'm going to hide the balls again.
The end.
Shut up.
Quiet.
I said quiet.
What's the matter?
You deep sections.
ithomlifting.
It's like barter town in that Thunder Can you get anything you want there?
Can you get anything you want there?
Turn me on, Deadman
I'm very bad
Oh, God is dead
We smell sausage
We smell bad
We smell bad
Okay, break it up, son
Joke's over, hey?
Lone Cow Dave, don't you know what they're doing to yourself?
Uh, hey, baby
What do you say after the show, you and me go, uh, steppin'?
