I'm dreaming of the subgenius power of swatting.
Yes, dear friends, and welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
In this case, number 1074, or 75, or I don't know why.
Because friends, in this show, and in the last couple,
and in the next few, we are traveling through time.
Yes, we are delving deep into the past of the subgenius church.
And in seeing exciting and terrifying memories,
and things you never knew before.
Are you ready?
Because it's going to be quite a trip.
It's been quite a trip for me, friends.
We're doing this for the Maybe Logic Academy online course.
A course in how to run your own mind control cult, do's and don'ts.
And history of the church of the subgenius the first 100 years.
Honest.
If you don't believe me, check out maybelogic.org.
Anyway, friends, we've been studying the events of the years of 1981 and 1982.
And 1980.
And 1980.
The early years when we first encountered our dear, dear friends,
such as Palmer Freedies of Lies,
a dead woman of puzzling evidence,
St. J. King,
St. Byron Werner,
Pope Sternodox Kiekefer,
St. Janger Hypercletes,
and the great Snavely Eklund,
and so forth, friends.
Yes.
Well, so join me
as we go, in this episode,
back in time to the year of 1981,
the time of the first world subgenius convention,
which luckily was filmed professionally by Larry Silkus of Showtime's What's Up America.
That's why some of the audio actually sounds pretty good in these.
And friends, the spirit was so high.
And so were we, I must admit, in some cases.
Not all of the doctors survived.
Those early years.
Some lost their faith in Bob.
Some lost their love of Reverend Stang.
Some just simply died.
Quite a few have died since then.
It's a shame.
Anyway, friends,
you will see and hear in your mind's eyeball
the fervor and the intensity
of the early subgenius.
The early subgenius years,
when Bob was new to us,
and we had just rediscovered our own inborn slack.
Uh, yes, yes, yes.
And so, friends, won't you join me
as we pull the lever back
on our machine,
our Wayback Machine,
and watch as the calendar pages fall away,
night and day,
flap like a giant black wing,
and we watch the seasons wheel,
and pass in reverse,
going back, back, back,
to the year of 1981,
and the beginning.
So actually, this was in November,
uh, 20, 21 and 22,
the day of the John F. Kennedy re-assassination,
and the 1981 first World Subgenius Convention
in Dallas.
And we're going to be doing a little bit of a tour
of the convention,

of the convention.
But what is there
is Kilar, man, Kilar.
It will be, it will be breaking our brain cells asunder.
We'll mix it in the water supply at the convention.
I think we should put it in the hamburgers that we give away.
Uh, Doug, I'm sorry.
The Kool-Aid.
You, Jim, you'll have to pardon Doug.
His mind is completely gone since the convention.
He still thinks it's, it's going to happen.









He doesn't realize that it's already happening.
It's over with.
The convention will be a great success.
I can see it now.
He already knows.
300 men dressed as Bob.
He already feels like it's going to be something in the near future.
Men and women with Bob masks marching down the main street straight to Dealey Plaza.
It's past safe.



Oh, we'll have a limousine with a,
Poor old Doug.
with a Jesus and a John Kennedy inside.

And his dreams get more and more bizarre every day.
We'll have everyone shoot at it with real guns.
And, oh, it's going to be a blast.


It will be wonderful.
The froth and the water.
Tell Doug to send lots of tapes.
That's a perfect idea.
And Kool-Aid.
We'll force everyone to drink Kool-Aid.
Buck will bring the Kool-Aid.
Buck has a...
I should mention, friends, for the sake of clarity, that back in those days, I was Doug
Smith.
There were too many Dugs in the church.
There's also Doug Wellman of Puzzling Evidence.
And, so, I became I.D.

And I became a
So, this is the big time.
So, this is the world subgenius convention.
Six or seven guys standing around with their eyes half open.
I bet you guys sitting around picking their notes.
I bet you guys sitting around picking their notes.
Poo-da, poo-da, whoa, can I.
None of them are the real dicks.
We have to have all those dicks on hand.
Just in case the convention gets too big and there's more people than we expect.
And if we don't have anything left to do, we'll pass out the dicks and let them all
have a...
Well, these dicks only last about five minutes.
But they will get their taste of what it's like to have a Bob dick.
Yes, indeedy.
All right.










And what do you think, Doug?
Do you think it would be in poor taste to put Bob dicks on everybody and Bob...
And more especially than that, the Bob dicks we can forego.
But what about putting Bob heads on 50 to 150 people, carting them down to Dealey Plaza
for 15 minutes?
That's all the time any of us have to record the scene.
15 minutes.
Hell, that's four Super 8 cartridges.
That's a change and a half in an Aeroflex.
So I say, yeah.
What do you say, Doug?
I really...
I mean, here in Dallas, Dealey Plaza is sort of a sacred place, but most people have forgotten
who that guy was that got shot there.
And like me, they didn't even know where it was.
So, you know, now they will.
They'll know that Dealey Plaza is where 500 Bobs shot the President and the pictures of
the 500 Bobs shooting the President.
And I want to know what...

What part you want to play in this.
I mean, Doug, this Dealey Plaza thing, you haven't said anything about it, hardly, except
for the black cardboard limousine and wanting to do some separate shoots earlier in the
charade.
But, I mean, surely you must have a role in this great...
This is like a damn passion play.
How much of the convention is ready, Dr. Drummond?
How much of the convention is actually ready?
Oh, it's about 72.8% ready.
It's Friday night at 6 o'clock?
Nope, it's 72.9.
But if nothing else, I can get the big piece out.
Focus up on the face, please.
Hey, what's up?
So I had a good time with you in Dallas.
What a job.
Hey, man, I thought there was going to be 20 people here tonight.
I don't know who.
Aren't there, huh?
Maybe there will be.
We won't even go.
I mean, earlier I've been thinking, I've been thinking, you know, there couldn't be
too few people.
But now I'm thinking, I hope there is, you know, I hope there's very few people.
Yeah!
Where did the mix board go?
The biggest panel discussion.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Woo!
Two microphones to every garage, two chicken in every amplifier.
Let's have it.
Oh, boy.
People in the room, there's been somebody in the other room saying they heard the




We represent a segment of the myriad doctor bands abounding now from coast to coast.
Have you been getting news on doctor bands?
Doctors for Odin, Doctors for Wotan, Black and White Oakland, Doctors for Pain,
Doctors for Bob, the Arch Emulators.
There's Devo who's stolen everything.
Quiet!
Has life been bending you over lately, brothers and sisters?
Has it been your night in the barrel for the past few months?
Have you been down so long it looks like up to you?
Well, the problem is not a lack of Jesus, no!
The problem is not a lack of Yahweh, no no no!
The problem is not a lack of the Reverend Moses!
The problem is a lack of slack!
A lack of slack!
A lack of slack!
A lack of slack!
A lack of slack, children!
The conspiracy's all around you, it surrounds you, it's in these walls.
Look at that paneling!
Ordinarily that would be conspiracy paneling, conspiracy floorboards, and ass-deadening conspiracy chairs!
Right from your high school gymnasium, but tonight those chairs, that paneling, those grints, that floorboard,
this floor, it's dead!
It belongs to Bob!
It's Bob's floorboard!
It contains slack!
It delivers slack up until you lay barely!
Give me a slack!
Slack!
Give me another slack!
Slack!
Good God almighty!
Come forward, young man!
The voice is normal speed, should be normal speed on this recording.
If the batteries are still...
Yeah, here in Texas everything's gen time, it's tough.
Well, anybody who knows how to play high school...
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha!
Oh, hell no!
It is...
We're here at the beginning of the subgenius.
Tape on your situation.
And you, you, dear over-modulated friends, are here on the right channel.
But does that stop us?
No!
It doesn't stop Doug Smith.
You'll be able to hear on the exciting left channel...
Thanks to Cheekasm, to your area.
In the background, Dr. Philo Garner on saxophone.
Ivan Stang on speech.
Palmer Vides.
Palmer Vides on bass guitar.
The unknown musician on lead guitar.
And Mr. Cheekasm himself, unconsciously inside the bass drum.
Okay.
Now I'd like to...
Ha!
What?
Stop!
Ha!




I'm sorry.
What does it say?
Rockwang Odin Wotang.
I believe that the message got through to our children out there tonight.
And that's why I came here, was to try and influence our young persons.
To try to better...
And this young man, of course, was saved.
Saved, and I'm trying to say bye.
Praise Bob, brother.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob, brother.
Praise, of course, the sacrificial victim.
Yeah.
That's right.
How did you feel, Bob?
When you were there on the block?
It was weird, man.
Because I was just laying there.
It was like every refrigerator you had ever opened in your life all day.
It was Tom Kato for beer.
The problem with the subgenius is they don't pay well.
There's not enough money in this.
Yeah, I don't think the Cadillac that I got was good pay.
I mean, that by itself is...
I can get a Cadillac.
My parents already got me three Cadillacs.
I don't care about that stuff.
The business is to use time.

And what I was trying to say was, you know, I don't know how to do it.




You know, the TV dinners and the room with the fair mama while I'm here.
Is that supposed to be money?
The nine irons that you accumulated breathed not into your loathful...
Is that something that...
What?
Is that the room with the fair mama?
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
They're paying for it?
No.
You said your neighbors' nine irons were...
No.
Not for you.
Yeah, but...
But for the camera, yes.
They're paying for it.
Bob Ecclesians, 15, verse 33, day 66.
Wow, holy .
For low Arnold Palmer's first words, his first utterances were, .
How about that?
This is just...


Is that the way you feel?
Yeah, well, I'm real glad I flew down from Oregon to this, you guys.
Yeah, yeah, I've spent all that money to come here.
Yeah, I'm real glad I think I'm going to get fired from my job for taking off the whole last half of the league.
Big deal, right?
Yeah, I'm so glad to be here.
I mean, it's like...
Thanks anyway, Doug.
Yeah, where's Bob, Doug?
Many people may wonder, who is Gebro Frank?
What is his message for humanity today?
What is the difference between Gebro Frank, for instance, and Jehovah Warren?
What's the difference between Gebro Frank and he, Jehovah Frank?
How come we always talk about Wotan instead of Jehovah Warren?
How come we always talk about Wotan instead of Wotan?
Yeah, yeah, I mean, what kind of odiness are we?
How come all you people pay $10?
No, I can't wait for the convention.
I can't wait for the convention.
It's wonderful.
Well...
Put Jim down on the Xeroxes.
I was going to roll a smeeper of 14.
Are you ready to receive slack, child?
I do.
Stand there before him.
Come this way.
Boys, is this young man ready for slack?
Is this man ready to receive?
Follow him. Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
All of you, come here.
Yes, you and you.
Hold still, young man.
Hold still.
Stay right here.
Stay right here.
When we lay hands on this boy, look for the spirit of the conspiracy to leave the room.
But stand next to him and hold his arm.
This might be violent.
This might be violent.
Give me that.
When the conspiracy leaves this boy, take his other arm.
When the conspiracy leaves this boy, the force will be violent.
It's not a fit sight for children.
Take off that mask, son.
Are you ready, boy?
Hey, Douglas.
Watch your eyes, ladies and gentlemen.
When the conspiracy leaves this boy, this room will become a place for the devil.

And I'm not responsible for the forces unleashed.
You saw the Raiders of the Lost Ark.
And when a Nazi scum opened that artifact and they were turned to wax.
You saw the end of the devil's reign.
And when Ernest Borne un-melted before your eyes.
That's nothing compared to the force of the conspiracy.
But the force of the conspiracy always yields to the force of whom?
To the force of whom?
To the force of whom?
I'm going to lay hands on this boy.
Are you ready, son?
Yes, sir.
Silence, please.
When I lay hands on this boy, I want to out.
In the name of our conspiracy, McDonald's French fries, Trans Am T38 with those white
mag wheels, and chrome reflecting glass buildings, leave this boy!
Now, hit it.
The power bomb.
The plan!
The plan!







The sacred power of Bob.
Will the pipe bring this boy back?
Yes!
The force of the conspiracy is strong.
But the force of Bob is stronger.
A pump on the Bob pipe will free this boy.
He rises!
He rises!
He's filled with the spirit of Bob!
Say hallelujah!
Say hallelujah!
Say Hosanna!
Raise your hands!
Woo!
Raise your hands!





Children!
Raise your hands!
Woo!
It looks like your problems are all over.
Yeah?
I bet.
Well, it looks like there's nothing left for you to do but cut down.
Well, it was a weird, strange experience.
I wasn't expecting it, but I accepted it.
And now, though?

Was that a good rant?
You can.
But I thought he'd never do it.
I thought he'd never do it.









I thought this subjeaned shirt was a lie that never gave me industrial consultation
or exorcism of the demon Negi.
But I found out I was wrong.
It's a bit of cheating.
With the love and the hate of Bob.
We'll see.
We'll see.
We'll see how long this transformation lasts.
We'll see if people should spend their money for this.
We'll see if it's as useful to you as your high school diploma.
Whatever.
Go to high school in bedroom slippers.
Yeah.
Appreciate it.








I'm speaking in tongues.
Is this doctors for Bob or some cheap invitation?
Or is this doctors for Bob that blows the reed out of even toy saxophones?
Or is this an entirely different bunch of doctors?
It doesn't really matter what kind of doctor.
I mean, there's general practitioners.
There's orthodontists.
There's orthopedists.
There's podiatrists.
There's doctors for all kinds of things.
There's pediatricians.
There's pediatrists.
There's pederasts.
There's all kinds of guys to fix up what you need.
But really, you've got to ask yourself.
Is it the doctor you need or is it just the pills?
Wouldn't the pills be fine?
I mean, that way you don't have to go sit around in the waiting room and hope Dr. Chet
never can get to you.
You don't have to talk to all those dumb nurses and write them a check.
You can just sit at home and get those pills from the mail.
Really, that's all you need?
Probably.
The pills?
The pills?
Well, it might help to get a better attitude.
That's the whole difference between life and medical situation.
We're not prepared to consult with you about it until we've talked to your bank.
That truly you must lead the child as the father to the man.
Which man?
The man.
The man!
The man!
The man!
The man!
The man!
The man!
Hey, there's the man!
Well, officially, Philo, any comments before the end?
Just waiting for the Transfiguration.
Oh, sorry.
The Transfiguration is tonight.
It's tonight.
It's going to happen to me in just a few short minutes.
You're going to behold the Transfiguration on that stage.
I'm going to perform the Transfiguration on that stage.
What moves?
I'm going to come on demure.
I'm going to start off leading the child.
the plot jelly before I'm done I'm gonna have this crowd knuckle walking from here to Palestine
all right see what happens tonight I will be talking in tongues oh yeah we ready yeah
yeah my name's Dave Meyer Jones Smith hi Dave Meyer every fire shaking feet with any of the
guests they're shaking noses right the kabab look and I get a phrase Bob and I get a phrase Bob yeah
I get a phrase Bob did I get a shirt ripping flying a bit boot stomping praise Bob I get
a real three I get a real three I get a real three I get a real three I get a real three I get a real
Can I get a serious beer and vibin' praise bob?
Can I get a wood stompin' green trompin' praise bob?
Can I get a sand flingin' old mean old praise bob?
No, I'm afraid not.
You can't blame me for askin' Doug.
No, I can't.
Yeah, it feels sorta like...
sorta like that time of...
well, I better not talk about that time,
but that other time,
yeah, it feels like that.
It was like that time.
Yeah, that was pretty...
yeah, it was just like that.
I haven't felt this way since...
well, since...
since the...
World's Simpsons, this convention.
Maybe it's okay, maybe it's...
You mean you spent $700 to come to this convention of 580?
No, no, wait a minute, wait a minute, take one of these pills.
Where can I get one of these pills?
$300.
Wait, wait, wait.
That pill's too big.
You'll kill me.
You're flippin' your back to God.
No, take that pill.
Listen, you'll hear laughter in your head.
That pill's too big, it'll choke me, it'll kill me.
It's okay.
No, no, go ahead, go ahead.
It'll work, it'll work.
I did it, I did it.
All right, all right, I'll break it up.
Hey, this pill tastes, tastes, it tastes, it tastes kinda good.
In fact, I'm starting to feel pretty good.
Whoa!
There's Bob.
There's Bob.
He's been here all along.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
That's right!
The one-take rhythm killers!
The music haters!
The jackasses!
The jackasses!
The Jackasses!
The Shitty Beetles!
The Shitty Beetles!
Also known as Doctors for Bob!
The men of covenant men!
Jehovah-One made a covenant with us!
He's met a mighty man!
Mighty healing!
Doctors for Bob!
Woo!
Robert!
All hail Doctors For Bob!
Doctors For Bob!
Doctors For Bob!
Boo!
Boo!
Doctors for Bob!
Doctors for Bob!
Doctors!
Doctors for Bob!
That's right, and a lot of you people who haven't spent enough money yet can talk Philo about getting the foot gland operation.
He is doing that during this convention.
He was a little bit drunk last night.
There will be rumors of our doctors for Bob present for glanscaping.
Another clinic has just been recently constructed in Dallas.
You no longer have to incur the expenses of flying all the way to Malaya.
Yeah, and the one that was burned down in Little Rock is...
Well, it's way to the end.
Thanks to your donations.
That's right.
But we can always use more, that doesn't mean...
But in the meantime, if you really think there's something dreadfully wrong with you,
well, we're Samaritans, we're here to help the masses of the ill people, the sick, the depraved, the tired people.
And it's not the pills, it's not the prescriptions, it's not the doctors or the below.
We're here to help you in whatever way we can.
Well, then maybe the music of heaven itself can serve to clean out those...
Well, the tubes of things that you have.
The tubes that are plugged up.
The tubes that are plugged up maybe by having a little bit too much money on you.
Yes, you can unplug those tubes.
We can sit down with you.
It won't take more than a half hour initial session.
You can fill out one of the applications for us.
Fill out our straighted application.
You'll walk out of here with a bucket of pills.
Yeah, a bucket of pills.
A big of pills.
They're big pills, they're little pills.
We got little tiny pills.
Some of the pills, some of the pills you can crack open and pour them out into a glass of water or a glass of coke.
Some of the pills you have to put in other places besides your mouth.
Some of the pills, well, some of the pills you just put them in your shirtline, keep them near your heart all day.
Some of the pills, well, they're dangerous.
And you should operate machinery when you're on those pills.
What else do pills have to do with that?
Well, it depends upon if you're talking about the buckets of pills or the quarts of pills.
Like we're talking about, and what we mean by a bunch of pills is not like half a bathtub full of pills.
What is the world, not a half a reality of those rotten buckets of pills.
And we're talking about it not being much fun when Johnny Law comes here and takes them pills away.
It's not much more trouble than these pills that we're talking about.
It's called the very simply put the bunch more theory.
In other words, if you send us a little money now, we guarantee you'll get a bunch more later.
Not a little bit more, not just, not just this much, not just this much more.
Not just this much more, not just this much more.
The ring lock was money, I'm talking a bunch more money.
A bunch more money.
Raise the bar.
Raise the bar.
And with the word of Bob becoming nothing but worn out cliché, that's when we'll get a whole bunch more.
If you'll meet us behind the park closet building, thank you my son.
Oh yes, thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.

One of the floor work has just thrown a large handful of pocket change at the doctors.
We don't use money in a traditional way.
And you, Sheriff?
I'm supposed to honor your work.
I mean I'm gonna get it.
We used to call it looking money.
To Hey
Well don't be going capture annually.
By 2019 you can use the New Trump Standard Lifeгор.
We're gonna have to ask the Sheriff more than anything.
Of course, not if we're gonna create him by the end of 2024.
They're calling more and more as I'the term cuál don't know.

Well, part and parcel.
What took the respected youtube channel gave solving the problem.
I told you the first time we saw was a joke about what you kept Homer in the Titanic.
You're going to require a different country's government.
We'll have to change the character of the thing that we're off does.
They say the smoke, the souls are going up to heaven.
The blood head of John Kennedy is being rushed to Parkland Memorial Hospital.
Wonderful.
Yes, I can see that the bloody head of John Kennedy is being rushed to Parkland Memorial
Hospital, leaving at the spot.
The memorial motorcade here, 18 years to the death.
Two days later, the head of John Kennedy was rushed to Parkland Memorial Hospital.





One day, after the sneaky head was still alive in Dallas.
How many members are there?
There's too many!
Any other misconceptions?
What do you do with the money?
There's three members.
Nobody knows the weight of Slackman's children.
I tell you what, nine-tenths of the continent of Asia have not yet heard the word of God.
These people need to be told.
They're not going to be told the word of God.

We've got millions of Bob's. I've got two Eplets in 65 different languages.
It's Bob's pills. It all comes together.
And one of the exes has to do with us.
Well, the exes have brought these invented pills down.
There's an exes in there.
I can see two.
I can see two.
I can see the exes.
I want to know about the exes.
Yeah, there they are.
It's not a manner of liking exes or disliking them.
It's a problem.
Being around them.
Or not finding them.
Or having to get your license in an exes area.
You guys are a band of doctors, right?
Right.
We're actually three different bands.
There's three different bands represented in this case.
Doctors for Bob is...
Historically the father band.
Spawning an unlimited number of other doctor bands.
Which this...
This fads of genius music is making us a lot of money right now.
And that's my primary motivation for being here.
Bob has very little to do with everything.
And a lot to do about this.
So, have a proposition like this.
What about our father's daughter who did ask us?
What about our father's daughter who did ask us?
I'm gonna get her out of a window.
No comment.
Oh yeah, I'm crying.
I'm cryin'.
I'm cryin' a lot.
I'm cryin' a whole lot.
I'm cryin' a lot, lot.
I'm cryin' real lot of much a whole lot.
I'm cryin' so much it's spilling out buckets.
It's spilling out my house.
It's spilling out my yard.
It's spilling out my street.
The whole city's a river.
Cause I've been cryin' a lot.
Yeah, there's lots of water around.
From all the tear drops that's been squirtin' out of my head.
I think I'll cry a whole lot of tears.
Yeah, I've had tears.
I've squirted out of my head in the last minute and a half.
Oh now it's one second every second.
96 tears, they've squirted out of my head.
Oh my head's a mess.






And I've been squirtin' tears a lot.
Then I turn around and I've squirted a lot more.
Oh, I've been cryin' 96 tears.
And I've squirted the town.
Now we're floatin' out.
Now we're in the ocean.
And we're floatin' around on a lot of tear drops.
Cause you left me.
And it's your fault, bitch.
You left me.
You've flooded the world.
It's your fault.
You have the lives of millions on your conscience for the rest of your life.
Because you left me.
And I've been cryin' a lot.
And I've squirted the world.
But I'm cryin' a lot.



Oh mama, look, I'm so mad at you I could just piss.
But if I piss some more, then it'll flood the rest of the world.
So I'm cryin'.
And I keep on cryin'.
And now it's your fault.
And all those people are dyin'.
Oh, I'm cryin'.
And baby, you can just go jump in the lake.
Cause I've been cryin', cryin', cryin'.
And don't come back no more.
I know you've been cryin'.
Oh, I've been cryin' 96 tears.
And I've squirted a lot.








Ninety-six million, it was plenty about 99.
Oh, ninety-six big tears.
I've cried...
Another day.
ật
But back at that time, when I was cryin' a lot,
I cried one big, old tear.
And it was the 96 big tears I've cried that day.
And it was over thing like this, baby.
that minute or that second, because I was crying a lot, I didn't keep track of all of them, and I cried,
but it was that one tear, that one big old giant tear, that one tear that just made my head split
open when I cried it out, yeah, I split my brains out, and my head was open, and I cried that one
giant big old tear, that was the tear that I sent back, because it was big, too big for me,
too big for me, too big for Smith and Jones, that one big old tear, was what I was crying,
and it took me two days to pass that tear, oh yeah, and I'm not lying, I passed that big old tear,
and I split my head and ripped it open, because it was crying a lot, and now, this next line is going to be
the end of the line.
Oh yeah.
Well, now that we're here in Potato Land, why don't we go searching for some of the things we couldn't find back in the real world?
Ah, the convention. If I could control time, I'd be right back on that stage with Doctors for Wotan,
with our five guitarists, and horn section, and three synthesizers, and two drummers, and,
inspired madness.
My, my truth, Colin, of course, at the church, and the church is, let me assure you, making lots of money now.
I, Reverend Stang, took the money from the convention, and absconded with it.
I went to Bolivia,
with the convention right now.
And the foundation has been pretty much broke ever since.
I've left my post at Sacred Strive
and let young John Pretorius take over.
It's tough.
I mean, we literally do burn Sacred Strive out.
We burn them out about a year at a time.
I was about burned out.
So I've spent all the money.
I'm back in Dallas.
And I was supposed to be an overman by now,
but that didn't happen.
Still haven't had my third nostril open,
but they did do some of the surgery.
Biologed it a little bit
during the last Doctors for Wotan practice session.
We've never practiced.
Doctors for Wotan has never practiced.
We have only recorded albums.
And we've just recorded our 17th album,
this time using the new Japanese cheap synthesizers,
the Casios or Casios or whatever,
that Allsupgenius is now on,
along with their tape.
We're gonna record it.
Yeah!
Hey.
Okay, where's my...
What?
The wild Doctors for Wotan,
album number 18.
Yeah, we're glad you could all make it tonight.
Doctor Wotan over there is shooting up.
We're gonna have some Doctor time.
We're gonna be healing and cutting.
We're gonna be hurting and screaming.
We're gonna be a-fropping and a-cutting.
Yeah.
We'll get that fropping done.
We know the Froplords are with us.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Hey, there's the Froplord number six down there,
just in from Tibet.
Ha.
Yeah, same to you, Froplord number six.
The convention is over.
The subgeniuses are dead.
The convention is over.
The subgeniuses are dead.
Just turn off your music.
Okay, hold it up for a second.
I think I can.
I think I can.
I think I can.
I think I can.
I think I can.
I think...
I think I can.
I think...
I can.
I think I can.
I think I can.
I think I can.
Hey.
I hear a tank delay.
A tank coming in.
Zandy, you can be anything you want to be when you grow up.
Zandy, you can be a fireman.
Or you can be Spider-Man.
Or you can be a politician.
Or Zandy, you can be a terrorist and hurt people very much.
You can be what you want.
You can be what you want.
You can be what you want.
You can be what you want.
You can be what you want.
Do you hear a thud?
Snap films. We'll show snap films. We're doctors.
Prepare yourself.
Prepare yourself for the shock of your life.
You are about to come face to face with the most monstrous crime of all time.
For this is the story of a demagogue.
A demoniacal genius with criminal sadistic proclivities
and his ruthless cohort participants.
A story about a gang of killers
who embarked on a mass annihilation of millions of human beings.
Yeah!
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who is the god, the devil?
Come on.
What are you doing,itted,I know nothing.
What's up?
Who are you?
A denigrant!
A cheap and hand almost git-
Kneel your True does.
Give him your杣
.



.
But we're?,
Even the time contains enclosed game.
Now, how could we bring them back,
Was that paid for by the church of the subgenius?
We demand that Roman law be replaced by German law!
And they accompanied their promises with music.
Martial music that was appropriate for millions of goose-stepping Germans.
Music that began with a fanfare and thundering drums.
Music that inflamed people with wild patriotic fervor.
Music that was a source of joy for the people of the world.

Like this march played by a Nazi stormtrooper band.
I barely even remember being on stage.
It's all like a dream.
And I drove home literally in a trance from Dallas.
As you can well imagine, that much input in that short of time
probably couldn't be endured by anyone less than an apprentice overman or overwoman.
As the case may be, over hermaphrodite.
Of which that species I'm sure were represented by more than a few examples.
I haven't had that much cerebral stimulation since I don't know when.
But Bob was there.
Bob was all over the tapes.
You never hear Bob's voice.
We can't release the tapes that have Bob speaking because of the voice print problems.
And I'm not sure if that's the case.
But the reenactments are on the way.
And Bob at the convention.
Bob did possess the living bodies of many great doctors.
Subgenius doctors.
Jane of hyperclites.
Sterno Keckhaver.
Even myself for a very short period of time.
Almost all of us were at different times possessed by Bob.
And every now and then something we say on those tapes is not being said by us.
It's being said by J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And believe you me.
Being the vessel for the voice of Bob can wear you out quicker than running a subgenius convention.
It can wear you out quicker than taking the drugs that show up at a subgenius convention.
Which by the way I did not do until the convention was over.
There is nothing like being possessed by Bob.
It is horrible.
And it's wonderful.
I mean look at me.
I've been able to abscond with all the bucks and spend it all.
And come back safe and sound.
And all the subgeniuses think it's fine.
Because yes I deserve it.
It's true.
I deserve all the money that the convention made.
Well I can't even go into any detail on that.
It was just such a resounding success.
So unbelievably financially successful.
That surely the mark of Bob was spurting all over it.
And I believe that it's important.
That there be a subgenius convention in your area.
In your area.
All I can say is gut blowout.
Unprecedent.
That was the absolute greatest party that I have ever attended in my entire existence in this life.
And I can only hope that the next convention will equal it.
I don't see how it possibly could.
Just from the point of Doctors for Bob being accepted as well as we were.
Blows my mind.
We've never had a receptive audience.
Much less an appreciative audience.
And to see.
To actually see.
The power of Bob kept me on my feet.
I only committed suicide once during the entire convention.
Was risen from the grave.
Oh God you should have been there.
But you will be there.
You are there on the tape.
When will we be sued?
And which city will sue us?
The answer to these and other questions.
Probably will never be answered.
And are we protected by the fact that we're now in the operating room?
Are they going to nail us anyway for my house?
They'll nail us.
My little Bob-mobile.
Hey.
Hey.
This subgenius convention is great.
Hey.
I work for People Magazine.
I'm going to get you guys in there.
For sure.
You'll be big stars.
And you'll make lots of money.
Subgenius audience.
Audience.
Irritation techniques.
Total success.
The Bob-friend be praised.
Well aren't you going to ask us about Elvis?
Yeah.
The mega-fifth of a lot.
The Archangel of the Church of the Subgenius of Little Rock, Arkansas.
This is one of the original schisms that was manifested in the first blight of dobsiple
energy that descended upon central Arkansas, which has been referred to by Bob himself
as the savage mind of the country's interior.
The first temple was burnt to the ground by this radical, the RD conspiracy, which we'll
go into later, threw a fire bomb into our first mega-fifth temple lodge, burned it to
the ground. So we aligned ourselves immediately with the first feces temple
Gog of Dobbs Orthodox and the first whiskey Glorp church and the first drug
abuse church manifested by a chemical engineer Radon C-22. So this explains our
involvement in the Dallas Clinch and the journeys that have taken place across
the boundaries of the many states that were eliminated and have brought Texas
and California and Arkansas together in an unholy triad can bring about this
power that we're talking about to bring us unlimited slack in the form of
hundred-dollar bills, thousand-dollar bills, and some such, you know, solid gold nine irons.
I'm currently the sacred scribe just temporarily of the Church of the
subgenius. I'm going to get out of the position as soon as I can because we
burn the sacred scribes out very quickly.
Sad, isn't it?
I've been up since 11 o'clock at night yesterday.
Sleep, brother.
You can be by the head.
You can be
by the head.


You can be
in the head.
But if you're not up the head, you're going to burn.
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
That's what it is.
Now you can lock it.

You can lock your bleeding head of San Tramino.
You can skyrocket your head of Jack Nicklaus.
You can bling your head of Sonny Fono.
You can hurl your head of Didi Amin.
You can lock your head of Ronald Reagan.
You can lock your head of Arnold Palmer.
But if you don't lock the head of Arnold Palmer, you're going to burn.
If you don't lock the head of Arnold Palmer, you're going to burn.
As Bob said to L. Ron Hubbard in the letter, he said, L. Ron, sure they may be pink, but
their money is green.
And this is why we know that the word of Bob can come through even in the time of payment.
We're not asking for one penny for ourselves.
If we get dollar bills, hell no.
I won't tear them off, but it's the kids of the world that need to hear the word of
Bob.
Roman!
Roman!
Do you scan us on your view screen?
Yes, Earthman, I see you.
This means only one thing.
You have decided to take the easy way out.
No, Roman.
We have fought you to a standstill.
And we will go on doing it as long as necessary.
I'm going to go and get my money.

If you try to figure out our position, you are wasting your time.
None shall escape me.
I shall find a way to rid this Earth planet of humans.
No!
We humans will not give up this bird of ours.
But let me ask you something else.
What do you have to fear from us?
I want to know.
I want to know.
My heart.
I want to know.
I want to know.

I'm telling you that.
Well, some people say you can't run, you can't have two people talking at one time
on those tapes.
That's right.
We can't have two.
We can't have three.
We've got to have one.
We've got to have four.
We've got to have five.
We've got to have six.
We've got to have five.
I read it.
I don't care.
You can imagine yourself.
You won't understand.
We can understand.
No.
We can understand.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
We can understand that.

No.

Me neither.
And every night we fight.
And when I say 평소, we both have to fight.
We both have to know.
We don't change.




All four of the minutes are taken.

All four of the minutes are taken!
Now now let's talk about setzen.
�ουν 살ylene
sy 이거
All right.
The man on my father's level.

Yeah?
The power of Dobbs!
This microphone is healed!
Healed by the powers of Dobbs!
The microphone is healed!
Was that Dobbs over there?
Did you see Dobbs?
We have reports that Dobbs is here tonight
in flesh, ladies and gentlemen.
Was that Dobbs?
Was that Dobbs on your foot?
Was Dobbs right on your foot?
I gotta swear I saw Dobbs!
Was that...
There's Dobbs! He's over there on the wall!
There's Dobbs! There's a whole bunch of him right there!
It's the Dobbs!
The doctors do not need to know
the law!
The doctors defy the law!
The doctors walk on all fours!
The doctors do not need to know the law!
Elijah could bring fire down from the sky
in the eyes of men!
David's mighty men were shielded from death
by the covenant!
Bob, Bob, though some people may maintain
that the head is filled with plastic medical tubing
and pumping fake theater blood through that damn thing.
That's just a theory, though.
It's coagulating. It's not true.
Other people that might claim that it's the bleeding torso
that demands recognition, that's not true either.
We maintain that it is the head.
There's a church that deals with it.
I mean, neck up.
I'm not bloody, but now,
I'm a rotting, a rotting pussy head as opposed to a...
Hello.
Really?
Really.
Hello, Doug.
One of our mottoes,
Wounded head good, heel head bad.
Well, you are now listening to...
Wounded head good, heel head bad.
...an interview with Palmer Reedys.
Palmer Reedys.
Doug Weldick.
And Sternodon himself, who did most of the talking.
Is this what it sounds like inside a subgenius's head?
The big subgenius conference is going to be happening.
The convention, the subcon.
And I wouldn't be able to either if I was,
if the convention was in Oakland,
and I was cutting glass here and starving to death.
I'm cutting glass in Oakland,
I'm just starving to death.
It's cold, it's wet outside.
I wish I had the money to get on an airplane.
I'd ride that sucker and I'd ride, ride, ride.
Ride to Dallas, Texas,
the subgenius convention.
Get together and praise Bob.
Ride to Dallas, Texas,
and join all the subgeniuss,
praising Bob for the job.
I'm cutting glass in Oakland,
I'm trying to make a buck.
I'm trying to make a buck.
Hoping if I keep going,
I'll increase my luck.
I'm hoping and I'm praying that things get better fast.
If I don't improve,
I don't know if I'm gonna last.
Oh, I'm cutting glass in Oakland,
hoping for Dallas, Texas,
hoping that I get there before the X's.
Cutting glass in Oakland,
trying to make a buck.
Hoping to improve my luck.
Hoping to improve my luck.
Music
Well I won't be there in Dallas,
November 22.
You know I got a lot of things to do
Hoping and I'm praying that I'll crawl from this hole
Before them dice begin to roll
Subvenience in Dallas, Texas
On November 22
I won't be there
Celebrate with me
I hope you are
17 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
www.subgenius.com
Subvenience in Dallas, Texas
