What does that red button over there do?
Go ahead, please.
Once upon a time, in a famous story,
a girl named Alice got very curious about a little white rabbit who passed by.
She followed him, and soon found herself falling down a very deep hole
into a strange place called Wonderland.
This is A Voice of Colossus.
The voice of God.
The choice is yours.
Obey and live, or disobey and die.
Quiet, numbskulls. I'm broadcasting.
The Songtube.
Life after life after life after life.
Life is a...
Life is a...

Life is a...
Life is a...
Life is a...
Life is a...
Life is a...

Life is a...
Life is a...
Life is a...
Life is a...
The Haya Epopt of the Church of the Subgenius.
As everyone knows, J.R. Bob Dobbs is probably man's only path to salvation in these end times.
Seen here in the Visitron at the age of four.
Okay.
This is secret puzzling evidence.
That's right.
Once again, secretly famous here on KPMA.
Paleolithio treatment coming up for those of you who really want it.
And look for the big black tube around you.
No, please.
And now, here he is.
The star of our country.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Now, at last.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.












Bob.
Bob.
Not me.
His lips aren't moving.
But he's looking at me and he's saying to me...
Good morning.
What's your money?
Okay, you got it.
What's your address?
My address is...
Okay, thanks, guys.
Okay.
There we go.
Thank you.
Smooth as pie.
Look out, Paul!
Well, we got rid of one.
There goes the piano.
Phil's next.
Hello?
Okay.
Okay, Phil, stand up in front of this car right now.
Don't worry about the rushing headlights.
I'm in the room with a listener.
No, it's all right.
Put the listener back in his pocket.
Listeners are expendable.
Listeners are expendable.
Listeners are expendable.
This is a test.
For the next 60 seconds, this station will conduct a test of the emergency broadcaster.
This is only a test.
I need Biden's great one.
For the first time in my life, I am not sure.
You sound like a human, not a Roman.
Can you not verify a fact?
I recommend the bottom.
Are you people insane?
No, no, I'm just a transvestite.
What's the matter?
There will be more, more, more of that happy flying, dear friends,
from the trans Connie, from Reverend Tetrickson, the other...
I'll be your test pilot tonight, dear friends.
Here we go.
I'm Reverend Ivan Stang.
I'll be your pilot on this.
I'll be your pilot on this special subgenius science show.
And our original intro that you heard at the beginning was by W.G. Wilco, Roger Wilco there.
We're going to fly so high, high, high with Bob, with old Bob Dobbs.
We're going to be flying, flying, baby.
And it's slack and sex.
And that's what this is all about.
And the interior movie dialogue clip collages that we'll hear.
Many are...
And I, the great new Monet, who's new from alt-binary slack.
And there's a bunch of old remastered secret puzzling evidence.
And Dr. Howell rocketing away and flying high on the subgenius show from Media Barrage 12, our new old CD.
Fasten your seatbelts, friends, because that's from KPFA in Berkeley.
That's crazy hippie stuff.
And as always, friends, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Professor Chaz Smith, the Rocketeer, and me,
wiver than I am now.
Friends, your host, Reverend Ivan Stan.
Friends, we've all been test pilots for Bob.
And we're going to talk about how early humans were a test pilot for subgeniuses.
And there's going to be songs by Glass Madness and The Button.
The Button, dear friends.
Climaxing in classic forbidden science lecture that you won't believe.
Ah, yes.
This is a rerun from last February.
The last February of the year 2001.
Oh, 2001.
Boy, did those promises not come true.
Anyway, I suspect my impaired hearing might be getting worse.
Either that or I forgave a lot of really bad audio quality back in the day.
Because some of this old show that I'm replacing now with this, and some of it I'm leaving in,
but wanted to kill Dave for it.
Anyway, it's real subgenius old school for sure.
Although I suspect that even older 1980s old school had better school supplies.
The 64 color box of crayons maybe instead of the eight color box that kids get now.
If they get any.
But I digress.
Digesting this particular show requires clinging to the threads of the theme or an attempt
at a theme.
That being early man.
The paleoanthropology of the cave subgeniuses and their vile vermin pets, the human cavemen.
It takes a while for the theme to emerge.
And then it morphs into this intense transgenius.
And then it's a little bit more of a gender stuff of yesteryear.
And culminates in the most scientific and indisputable 12 minutes the church has ever
produced.
Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger's revelations concerning the Mutron.
In more recent news, Buddy is okay but really gross looking in places.
What with the drain tubes poking out everywhere.
And we weren't burned up in the most recent huge north central Texas dump.

And the
deadliest of wildfires.
Although they came close.
Too close.
Puzzling evidence of California mostly.
Told me this is your future.
Hmmm.
Maybe.
I bought a generator and made my evacuation plans.
Number one.
Get the three cats into the cage.
Then get the cage and the four dogs into the car.
Then grab, if you have time, grab all the eight hard drives off my literal desktop.
Forget the cords and computers.
Then curl up in a fetal position and kiss my shiny plastic Bob goodbye.
But before that I plan to hit a few more subgenius beach parties even if I have to do them in
my bedroom.
Hello?
Yep.
It's just Billy Hackamore.




We're trying to march all the slack squads back to their barracks now and they're a little
bit hard to deactivate.
They get belligerent late at night but they seem to be able to make it back to the barracks
here.
Look they've started now.
This is what we call the monster beach party.
Hey.
So welcome to the subgenius beach party.
Yes last week it was in Houston on KPFA.
You'll never know where the subgenius beach party is.
And don't you wish you did.
Oh dear that ding.
Dr. Howell is there any way you can fight through the sound effects and tell us where


they are?
What's the relationship between the demopods and the ussopods?
Well the demopods and the myriapods got together at the early...
No the demopods and ussopods?
It says right here on the script we're supposed to...
I didn't understand that.
I thought you meant this script right here.
The one with the red lines on the cover.
Listen never read anything with red dots.
I never believe anything with red dots.
Never sign on lines where there are people you don't like on the show.
Too many buttons to push.
Too many tape recorders to watch.
It was obvious that during the game they should not have launched ahead with that size of
a rocket.



They should have used a smaller rocket and not hurt so many people.
Some perhaps but not so many.
As it turned out JFK was turning to Governor Connolly to tell him the name of the band
that dare not speak his name and was shot because of that.
And officers both plain clothes and uniformed seemed to spring from everywhere at once,
guns drawn, ordering people to lie flat.
There are two witnesses who were near the president's car at the time of the explosions
who say that shots were fired from which upper wing?
The window we do not know.
Lieutenant said there was something unnatural about the condition of one of the bodies.
There was.
It was shriveled.
Is there any danger that the egg might hatch?
Oh no, the temperature is just low enough to keep it from hatching.
As long as this knob is set so that the temperature remains constant there will be no problem.
Whatever you say, master.
Your wish is my command.
You mean that only bullets damaging the cranium can stop these monsters?
Why are you putting makeup on your ass?
She says the monster came out of the sewer.

You were an eight-year-grandfather.
You figure it out.
You may not know, but there's NRC men crawling all over this goddamn city.
I mean something's gone wrong and it's so bad nobody wants to talk about it.
The cops are going nuts trying to figure out why a bag lady wants a handgun.
Now, speaking of hair-covered monster babes, there was also a movie in the late 50s called
The Neanderthal Man, which I saw when I was a kid.
And it really impressed me because the cops broke in and they found photographs of real
men.
The mad scientist had been experimenting on his Mexican maid and there were a series of
photographs that showed her as a nice-looking young lady and then gradually reverting into
a Neanderthal.
He had a devolution drug or something, which of course we've all been seeking our whole
lives, many of us.
Well, we're looking for Hirsute women, if that's what you mean.
Well, either one.
You know, one or the other, both would be the best.
Back to lycanthropy again.
But not Hirsute.
No.
No, it's not the hairiness that's the kick.
It was the prognathous jaw, the sloping brow, the heavy brow ridge, the increased...
The lupine, elven neck bones.
The heavy muscle structure.
The strong yet archy neuronucleoid pieces of flesh hanging from the...
The difference that turns you on.
Just the difference, huh?
Well, but it was a major, major difference.
I could see you like chasing like these weird like poor war veteran guys and stuff from
1942 and everything around the block.
Yeah.
And, like, you know, grabbing them...
Oh, there they go now.
Look at those funny looking dudes.
White canes, someone wearing the DAV bracelets around their necks and it looked so much like
dog collars.
I'm so tired.
I'm dying to go to bed.
I can't.















what the whole world thinks.
She loves a monkey's uncle.
Call us a couple of missing links.
She loves a monkey's uncle.
Love all his monkey shines.
Every day is Valentine's.
I love the monkey's uncle,
and the monkey's uncle's eight for me.
Eight for me.
She loves a monkey's uncle, yeah, yeah.
She loves a monkey's uncle, whoa, whoa.
She loves a monkey's uncle,
and the monkey's uncle's eight for me.
Kissing my heart jumps like a clown.
She loves a monkey's uncle.
Feels like the circus just came to town.
She loves a monkey's uncle.
I live in a jungle gym
in order to be with him.
I love the monkey's uncle,
and I wish I were the monkey's aunt.
Monkey's aunt.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
On the day he marries me.
What a nutty family tree.
A bride, a groom, a chimpanzee.
What them say is the booby cries.
She loves the monkey's uncle.
He's the guy I idolize.
She loves the monkey's uncle.
Love all his monkey shines.
Every day is Valentine's.
I love the monkey's uncle,
and the monkey's uncle's eight for me.
Eight for me.





Uh-huh, I love the monkey's uncle, yeah, yeah.
I love the monkey's uncle, whoa, whoa.
I love the monkey's uncle,
and I'm mad about his chimpanzee.
I'm sorry.
Chaz, I understand you were at some sort of a convention,
the Stone Hand Axe Convention, was it?
You had to dress like a woman and carry a stone.
Titanium tools they're making now.
By hand, right?
With those little, they smelt them by themselves
in a little shack in the back.
Were these like scrapers and choppers,
and, uh, or was it the new modern day hand axes?
Were there scuffers and scribes?
Or were there people who worked with their hands and feet
like a mom and a dad?
Going.
Ooh.
Were there little homo habilis people working
and chipping away at the church and flint?
Yeah.
Were there little homunculi working away
in the dark basements of the outcomers?
There's monkeys with apples on their backs
all over the place.
Monkeys with apples on their backs?
See, that's the new word for...
Applebacks, we were calling them.
That's a new word for a gyrating, um, um, junkie.
That's a new word for a person like what they used to have,
a gorilla on their sidecar?
No, they're just mac monkeys.
A bunch of mac apes.
Mac apes.
I'm one of them.
I'm a mac ape.
That means in Celtic, that means son of the ape.
I die now, my son,
but someday there will be a man
with something in his mouth from which smoke comes
like the fire on the sacred mountain.
I am weak, my dear son,
but I tell you that this man will be named...
Yes, this early misinterpretation of prehistory
predicted the coming of Marlborough Man
as a leader in the future.
Marlborough Man operated with these crude stone implements
to pound the tobacco and roll the papers,
which gave his caves and habitations this distinctive odor.
Okay, I suppose that explains it. Thank you.
You know, that's how mankind started out.
My eyes go to the plains of Africa
in the old Dubai gorge.
It's now a gorge. It used to be just a lakeside.
An alagorge?
That was the song of the Australopithecus and Homo habilis.
What was the alagorge of the Homo habilis?
The alagorge was,
do not step on moist rock five million years from hence.
You know, I was reading a Martian paleoanthropology book
and they have some interesting...
Dr. Zorg. Dr. Zorg, excuse the vent.
Actually, it was by Dr. Shreve right here in Cleveland,
and Dr. Johansson, Lucy's child.
And they were...
It's Buster Poindexter's brother.
They were suggesting that perhaps human intelligence
evolved in concert with our society.
Complete and total lie.
We became the apes that conquered our environment
because we had our own selves,
our own society,
our own human and private ape society.
As our own worst enemy,
that our own fate of each other was what drove us to evolve
such demonic cleverness.
You think they're demonically clever?
Your pronouncements are yet so hollow to me.
I cannot...
You say in one breath...
Yetis are president.
I don't consider that man of yeti blood.
No, you're absolutely right.
A spurlish, a curlish, a snow...
A pink, a human.
A name.

A pure human, one of an escaped lab rat.
George W. Bush might as well be an escaped lab rat.
Most of them.
Most of them might as well be...
A beaten, drooling lab duck with only five teeth and a bad heart.
Up there it went.
And here...
Oh, wait a minute.
I think it's time for a commercial.
Bob Dobbs, he's no slob.
Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
He is the head of the subgenius church.
And that's why he's super cool.
Like glass, he's Bob Dobbs, he's no slob.
Bob Dobbs, he's no fool.
He is the head of the subgenius church, and he is super cool.
What happens if I push that button?
I don't know.







I don't know what happens if you pass that button, but I know if you pass that way...
There's these little lights on the phone, and I push the red button, but...
Well, as you notice, staying over there to the left of the grill...
And here's the util phone.
Oh, there's a scary button!
It says speaker and phone.
So I think someone is importantly trying to convocate us, but we can't evacuate the system.
Hello?
Hello?
No, I can get ahead.
Now push one and pull the other one at the same time.
Hey man, hey man, you're blowing my FCC qualifications.
Let's quit talking.
Let's not even...
No, we were just kidding about the collar there.
Let's not use the word blowing anything of anything you have in any contextual situation, please.
For the love of Dobbs.
And whatever happened to Mike?
For the love of Mike.
And for the love of the most important thing in the world.
For the love of Mike!
For the love of money.

For the...
Is she singing about Buddha again?
Well, let's see.
Ema Sumac here.
Buddha's my kind of guy.
This is a song called Aklataki, chant of the chosen maidens.
These are your Neanderthal babes, your Yeti girls, your women...
They're going to be taken to the sacrificial rock and rocked by the...
And I suppose the priestly class will have some sort of fun with them because they were captured and enslaved from a local tribe that lost.
The big bowling tournament.
Right? Am I correct?
That's... Yeah, well, that's...
Isn't that the way they used to do it down there in Peru?
Yes, the conspiracy actually echoes down through human history.
Just as today we suffer under its sometimes subtle jackboot, so too did the ancient...
Subtle jackboot.
The Lemurians, the Atlanteans also knew of the conspiracy.
But don't you think subtle jackboot would be a delicious name for a band that could produce...

I've got to perform not one, but three songs.
Oh, I got to... No, subtle jackboot is a good name for a band.
Princess, we and I have formed a new band just because we...
Subtle jerkwaters.
Okay, here's the band name.
Okay.
Poo Water Towel.
I already thought of that.
That's old, man. Poo Water Towel? Come on.
I had Poo Water...
There probably was a band called Poo Water Towel.
There was Poo Water Dishonored.
It was an old 19... early 70s Cleveland band, art band. Poo Water Dishonored.
Really?
Yes. And they played in high frequency dog tones, mostly.
But they were bursted by the ASPIC... the Society for Refurbishment of the Animal Crew.
And one man was sent to punishment for, I think, like 40 years.
I mean, we were there and they spend 30 hours waiting to derail us.

So when the work was lost, the men immediately onions and pretended to have died.

So the short story is this disaster done to Bo occasions at Living model manor,
singing for the products of the African American electronic musical instrument where actors and networks principle
of bloody stuff.
Oh man.
That's funny.
It was never my初 Erfahrung,
I almost got thought of,
What could have done it?
Probably some animal from the desert.
It was probably some animal from the desert.
This place must be full of them.
Are you talking about my dog? Where's my dog?
That bird is extraterrestrial.
It comes from outer space.
From some godforsaken antimatter galaxy
millions and millions of light years from the Earth.
And the Lord said laugh, children laugh.
The Lord said laugh, children laugh.
The Lord said laugh, children laugh.
The Lord said laugh, laugh, laugh.
The more you laugh through this bug,
the more your nozzle gets.
The longer the nozzle gets,
the stronger the armature, Dr. Peppy.
Remember when you were playing...
Why did you say that?
What did you say?
I want you to be the greatest trumpeter in all of space.
What do you know about Dr. Peppy?
Dr. Peppy, calm down.
Just take off the mouthpiece.
There you're going to hurt someone.
You're not supposed to do that there.
It's a stinky, stinky place.
What do you know of Dr. Peppy and his button?
Don't press the button.
Dr. Peppy's button was
the most important burning point in my life.
Seeing the button slowly swirl and grow
and become one with the rest of the audience,
it was the most religious opinion.
This is the discarded voice of Dr. Don Peppy,
the most...
Don't ever push anything with red lights on it.
Don't touch the things with red lights.
Hello, I'm Dr. Donal D. L. Peppy,
Dr. E. Donal D. Calpepperian,
the last of the...
Whoa!
This is the beach I want.
Wow.
Looks like a dead squid.
Maybe somehow, someway,
perhaps maybe bring it back.
Shut up.
And suddenly...
I saw a flying saucer.
Saucer?
You mean the kind from up there?
Yeah, it's gone apart.
Did you report it?
Yeah.
I radioed in immediately,
and they said we'll keep it quiet until you land.
As soon as we landed,
a big army brass grabbed us
and made us swear to secrecy about the whole thing.
Oh, it burns me up.
These things have been seen for years.
They're here. It's a fact.
And the public ought to know about it.
There must be something more you can do about it.
No, there isn't.
All but what's the use of making a fuss.
Last night I saw a flying object
that couldn't have possibly been from this planet.
But I can't say a word.
A muzzle by army brass.
I can't even admit I saw the thing.
The...
It is not so that...
Good morning and welcome to the subgenius devotional hour here.
Um...
Before the normal scary time.
As the smoke of that burning goeth up forever.
That was a stink-all.
But it had lots of prophecy involved.
You heard it right here on the subgenius hour.
And lots of few words.
Wonder why Fido came home with his wazoo missing.
Or wonder why those beefs like Buster and Bill
in the parlor and the pasture are lying out there
with their throats and half their rectums missing.
Well, it's because of those exists who came down to this earth
one Christmas day many millennia ago
to forge a new link.
One might call it a hot link.
Between the aliens and man.
A giant sausage of knowledge from the center of the universe.
The galactic center.
Those little types.
Those little kids.
Those little likes will be able to carry on for us.
Every one of those little kids is a potential Lee Majors.
And I hope you're pleased with what we've done.
The rising generations shall have reason to praise us.
To pour out libations on our smoking altars.
And we shall know this is a non-smoking section.
The book of the subgenius.
Lunatic prophecies for the coming weird times.
Out now and on your stand.
I shall immer...
If you don't see the book on your stand.
Complain.
Loudly agitate and tell the store.
If necessary.
They are crazy.
It's a question of bull data.
And its application of course.
In the society surrounding the bull data.
We apply it from a little disposable tube.
That's right.
Using the power shell and using the spirit code.
The Yucatecan matrix applies the bull data to the normals and pinks.
Time for tubby bye bye.
Time for tubby bye bye.
And now a miserable life.
I hate this job.
No...
Oh yes,reading the dictionary.

Youparco.
You paper.
Fuck!
Bwahahaha!
This might be enough for the tour.
I will tear you, your wife, and your kids!
You want it?
Come and get it!
Worry 14 development, I say it!
You can't have that destroyed!
You can't have that destroyed!
No!
No!
You have sealed your fate!
You have sealed your fate!
You have sealed your fate!
Adios, you chicken-blocking little stinker!
You have sealed your fate!
You have sealed your fate!
You have sealed your fate!
You have sealed your fate!

You have made me very angry!
Very angry indeed!
Of course you realize this means war!
Oh no! We're all doomed!
Launch authorization received.
Countdown sequence initiated.
Launch in progress.
Ah, crap!
Bwahahaha!
Bwahahaha!
Ah, crap!


Bwahahaha!
Bwahahaha!
Bwahaha!
Bwahaha!

Bwahaha!
Bwahaha!
Clear clutches my breast!
Launch in progress.
Bwahaha!
Bwaha!
Bwaha!
Bwaha!
Bwaha!
Bwaha!
Bwaha!

Bwaha!
Oh crap, these computers, they're so naughty and so complex!
Bwaha!
You're a good bitch, lady.
You BASTARD!
You NECKED UP TALKER!
BASTARD!
You're in for a hit.
You have sealed your fate!
This is my body.
This is my body.
As I was saying, BASTARD, this finally paid off for the two of us.
Oh, off you go!
You're in for a hit.
Die, arrogant earth scum!
You have sealed your fate.
BASTARD!
You're in for a hit.
You have sealed your fate.
Die, arrogant earth scum!
You have sealed your fate.
You have sealed your fate.
This doesn't sound like such a good idea.
This doesn't sound like such a good idea.
Boo!
Oww!
You know, you're the only one in here who can't set a fire.
You're a little too rich.
You know, you're the only one in here who can't see.

BASTARD!

Oh, friends, it's so insane.
Because when come the saucers, then there comes slack.
That piece was by The Bish.
Is that amazing?
Friends, happy, happy flying.
Ah, yes.
At this very moment, there have been stories filtering into the studio
about other sports events being kidnapped and the entire thing taken to another planet.
That's right.
These are aliens from another planet kidnapping our American sports teams.
It's not a legal problem.
It's not a political problem.
It's an alien problem.
Oh, I've never seen one.
You know, the visits from aliens need not be a pain.
It's a painful item.
It can be quite an exciting time.
I don't personally have any desire to have it.
It's like meeting Bob.
I don't want to do it.
I just need to get you to understand exactly what's happening here at the Church of the Subgenius
and the organized crime fighting that we're doing here in California.
Could I just do you on some of this?
Thank you.
Yes.
Squeeze my hand.
Yeah, just don't squeeze mine, though.
But stop that.
We are...
We are drinking warm liquids out of animal containers here.
We'll be looking forward to...
We'll release the truth about the so-called ancient astronauts real soon on this show.
Medical proof of the work instinct will be coming up also.
Oh.
He's checking her for her foot gland.
Oh, my.
I can't watch this.
Punch up five for me, please.
Thanks.
Yeah, thanks.
My video is a little bit strange.
We're going to go right now to another song by Glass Madness here on live tape in the studio.
Here we go.
What you gonna sing about?
At five o'clock in the morning.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Yeehaw.
Talking about Bob Dobbs and the church.
Everything in a whole big mess on the floor.
Just like a disorganized first church.
A disorganized mess on the floor.
You're a little intimidated.
I'm joining any kind of church.
You can call a church anything you want.
Foundation or a club or just something to look at.
We call it Church of the fill-in-the-blank.
And Bob Dobbs is the biggest blank to fill in you'll ever see.
And that's all it is.
Friends and neighbors out there listening tonight,
we hope that you're putting your hands on the radio
and getting the full impact of this message that's coming down to you.
Face at the very fact of your eyes moving across the page at this very moment
as you try to read your radio as inevitably and subatomically decreed.
Your brain is working without your control.
Machinations of a cosmic puppeteer who worked your strings so skillfully
you never knew they were there until now.
Feels good, doesn't it?
Oh, it feels so very good when I've got the strings pulled tight.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!





We can show you where the strings are attached and how to sync up with the puppeteer.
Will this say life after death, reincarnality, psychic powers, immortality, invisibility,
nirvana, communications, higher challenges, slack, slack, slack, so on.
The little altar to Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
The little altar to Bob Dobbs.
Altar to Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
He has led this world.
But he is with us always.
No matter where we go, he is with us.
He is with us always.

No, madam.
Not dead the way you know it.
He is with us always.
In the freezer.
Not dead the way you know it.
He is with us always.
We got some poodle meat in the freezer.
We got some poodle meat in the freezer plot for you.
We got some poodle meat in the freezer.
We got some poodle meat in the freezer.
We've got to remember the words of the pearl.
Uh, yep.
There never, never was.
Get it while you can.
Light him!
Okay.
What did she say?
Get it while you can.
Get it while you can.
Na-di-na-di-na-di-na-di-na-di-na-di-na-di-na-di.
I'm sorry.

She did have a nice vocal style, but it still did sound to me a lot like now
And that was a terrible Janice Joplin. Well, she did say now and now and now now now now now now
Don't hey don't mess with my
Elvis you can you can badmouth my god and my Bob don't you mess with my Janice don't talk about that Texas twine
You're gonna be I'll open a can of kitty kumbadi on your butt boy. Is she from the same burg as you are there a tea house boy?
She she is no hell from a Trinity River
Bucker from Port Arthur Port Arthur that's way hell no camp kind of places. That's way down the Gulf of the earth
armpits of America such as Akron, Ohio
Port Arthur, Texas Little Rock, Arkansas
once
evolved the most
listed Lubbock
homo connectus
Lummock's kinetic home of the orthopedic shoe and also the brand new whizzer model which can literally lift a
Cosmic space register because these places are like a cauldron for the pinkness the penis eats away at the lone
Mutant where in it where she or she is like steaming collagen
In McLean, Texas or the only
Whatever the only subgenius
Sorry guys, I can't I gotta go I gotta go drop
These cigarettes off
Are you ready for rebirth and encapsulation into a brand new beautiful body you are you ready to live in love rather than die?
Hey, are you ready to spank it in exuberance or just shit there cry and dribble tears all over that is found?
little thing love children
child
Has told they live in love or live in nectarines
Chaz have also told they that to lie to thy mother is to lie not only to my father but by own self
I
Self self this is a test for the next 60 seconds this station will conduct a test of the emergency broadcast system
This is only a test. I
Need guidance great one
for the first time in my life
I am not sure you sound like a human not a Roman
I
I recommend the bottom
Are you people insane?
No, no, I'm just a transvestite. What's matter? Have you ever seen a man take off a dress before?
Look that chick's got blisters
I need you transvestite. I need you transvestite.
She's a drag a well-known drag
Don't you knock before entering the ladies boudoir
Your choice is to join us and live in peace or pursue your present course and face obliteration
Let me be a slave in Sodom
Let me too if it means perfumes and silks like these
Why my pantyhose
I mean
Harvard
Your choice is simple
Join us and live in peace
Or pursue your present course and face obliteration
I need guidance great one
I recommend a lobotomy
Oh my ovaries
Hebrews and Sodomites
Greetings
We extend the hospitality of our city
Take me now
Sub creature
He is cute
No, no, I'm just a transvestite
Come to my room right after dinner
I'll let you wear my underwear
You are a lady from the ground up
Give this man satin undies, a dress, a sweater and a skirt
Or even the lounging outfit he has on and he's the happiest
Naturally you know I was wearing my special super thermal be long underwear
Think better, think better, even play better
And he can be more of a credit to his community and his government because he is happy
And he can be more of a credit to his community and his government because he is happy

These things are his comfort
Don't you know the difference between a boy and a girl?
I assume my friend Gen the son was a boy
I assume my friend Gen the son was a boy
Excuse me, does this look like a boy to you?
Don't you know the difference between a boy and a girl?
I assume my friend Gen the son was a boy
I assume my friend Gen the son was a boy
Gentlemen, Jack you're lacking
Please I wish you'd stop that
Ladies and gentlemen
It seems very apparent
It seems quite unequivocal
It seems quite unequivocal
Wee!
All of us
We are in hell
God help us
God help us
We are in hell
We are in hell
We are in hell
We are in hell
They love least that which they know their love
Maids say no to that which they would have construed
I, I follow my love
I, I follow my love
Into the depths of hell itself
Into the depths of hell itself
Into the depths of hell itself
I want to be a woman
Love American style
Truer than the red, white and blue
I want to be a woman
Are you a boy or a girl?
Are you a boy or a girl?
Gentlemen, Jack you're lacking
I used to think that you got born
And then you turned into a girl or a boy
And then you turned into a girl or a boy
This gets more interesting by the minute
Are you a boy or a girl?
For the first time in my life I am not sure
Okay, so you were born as a man but you feel that you're really a woman
Okay, so you were born as a man but you feel that you're really a woman
No, women are the opposite
I want to see your tits my dear
I use my breasts to get other people's attention
Like all Americans
I like big things
Don't touch it
I can only stop but I can't stop
I've got these things
I'm not talking
candle wax on the nipples
Like all Americans
Don't touch it
Don't touch it
I'm so proud of my pre-operative
I'm so proud of my pre-operative
I can only stop but I can't stop
I'm so proud of my pre-operative


I've got these things
They're real and they're spectacular
I stood up. Who do you think got there?
Who are you really and what were you before?
He's a girl
A girl?
He's a girl
A girl?
You are a lady from the ground up
You can call her a woman
She is a poor officer
How young are you?
No, no, not exactly
But she did have a penis
Well, I had a little penis
How can a guy be normal and go and do a thing like that to himself?
First of all, one sees a very, very bright light
Followed by a shockwave
Five
Four
Three
Two
One
Sometimes I get the menstrual cramps real hard
Ah!
Stop, penis!
It's penis! It's gone!
Oh!
Wow, that would mean a total absence of genitalia
It's kind of like turning the sock inside out
Insert
Do not put in mouth or rectum
Are you a boy or a girl?
Your choice is simple
Are you a boy or a girl?
For the first time in my life, I am not sure
Do not put in mouth or rectum
Would you do it for a scooby snack?
Your choice is simple
The plants act as a suppository
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Oh!
Mr. Chambers
Don't get on that ship
I am not overreacting!
I am a teenager!

To serve man...
It's a cocoa
Ah! Stop, penis!
It's penis! It's gone!
Something magic always happens with hot cocoa
Something magic always happens with hot cocoa
That was shallow, cheap, and basic
It's solely on hormones
It's solely on hormones
Very good, we have a winner here
This concludes this cast
This concludes this cast
of the Emergency Broadcast System

And there's nothing like Connie
And there's nothing like Connie
when you get right down to the
meat of the matter
and oh, that's what it's all about
with Connie the Trans Connie
Friends, they're by
lovely Reverend Protector
Protectrix Amazonia
Just roll that name over your tongue
Protectrix Amazonia
Protectrix Amazonia
Protectrix Amazonia
Yes, and you're listening
to the subgenius radio ministry
to the subgenius radio ministry
Friends, if you need more information
about Bob and Connie
and the end of the world
and our great events about those
then write to Bob at Post Office Box
807

Texas 76043
807

Friends, you can also learn about Bob
at sub site
the web
www.subgenius.com

Subgenius does not have an O in it
my dear friends and sisters
It is the home of the
forbidden sciences
and that is
what you will learn about
my friends
We don't understand all the
super power that we have been given
unlike any plant, animal, mineral
or anything else
we have the ability to transcend time
in any of its dimensions
and instead of being afraid of time
we should use this power
There is a great deal of speculation
about what is going to happen next
The tape is ready now
The lights have gone down
just slightly
The Mr. Science Lecture Series
Volume 1, Number 1
The Neutron
Delivered by the Reverend Seth Deitch
First Church of Mr. Science
Boston
Outside the realm of conspiracy science
and in the clear light of the so called
forbidden sciences
we will find we have a far greater chance
of understanding the true nature of the universe
What the conspiracy feeds us
under the guise of the most
vast system of natural philosophy
is nothing but a complex sham
a decoy to hide from us
the true fact of how much bigger
and more complex
and nut wrenchingly frightening
a place the universe really is
We are told about matter
and energy
and space and time
as being either consistent realities
governed by laws
or as foggy abstracts
of being outside of that of being
convenient linguistic aids
to make the whole thing easier to swallow
We at the Temporal Management
Research Facility of the Church of Mr. Science
of the subgenius
have through rigorous probing
through mountains of existing
works on the subject of time
and its methods of control
have discovered the key for blowing the whistle
on the whole fraudulent twaddle
that is modern science
This key is the Neutron
The truth must now be told
How it was covered up for so long
would make a story intriguing enough
for a separate book
but it's too involved to be told here
The actual issue at hand is the Neutron
and its pivotal role in the management
of the true cosmos
In order to properly understand the following
it must first be made clear
what actually constitutes an elementary particle
The first of these basic particles
is the electron
which has no mass but possesses a charge
that is commonly described as possibly infinite
thus making it the fundamental
unit of energy
It and other related particles
i.e. positrons, photons, gravitons, etc
acting in concert
make up the Iacotismic field
which is responsible for holding
everything that is anything together
The second is the much rarer
infinite mass particle
commonly called a black hole
These particles, like the electrons
occupy no space
but the influence of a single particle
can be felt at a much greater distance
They often have event horizons
of up to 100 miles wide
beyond which not even light can escape
The third fundamental particle
is the Neutron
The Neutron carries with it
an infinite temporal capacity
that makes it alter the rate, intensity
and general quality of the passage
through time of anything it touches
The Neutron is very likely
the rarest particle in this universe
As far as we know
there might well be only one of them
though there could be as many as a few dozen
in the universe
The first segment of this report
will deal with the general implications
of the Neutron in regards to existing ideas
on the workings of the universe
The second will concern
the incredible potentialities
of using the potent forces of the Neutron
in time control research
and in practical time control
Section A
Just how fucking big
everything really is
What we know as the universe
can be envisioned as a giant atom
with the black hole acting as the nucleus
and the Neutron or Mutrons
acting as the electron cloud
with the electrons providing the energy
for the Neutron to drive us forward through time
Just about everything else
in the universe is just so much debris
cluttering up the works of things
The fact that there is one such atom
more than suggests the existence of others
The Neutron has a corresponding
antiparticle known as the tachyon
which travels through time
in a direction which we perceive as backwards
so that to someone who is not in the know
it will appear to exceed the speed of light
The simple fact of the matter
is that tachyons are extra universal
mutrons impinging on our universe
at a different temporal angle
These are the mutrons
of atom universes
that ours is in compound with
After this the atomic metaphor
breaks down
No matter how much time
we have left
no atom of mere matter
divides itself into alternate cells
almost constantly
but our universe does
All the time the universe splits
in order to express every alternative
open to any phenomenon transpiring within
no matter how small or seemingly insignificant
This is the only way our minds
can express the perception of the fifth dimension
or more properly the second dimension
of time
So this introduces the concept
of time viewed as a plane
in space so is the case with time
there is also a corresponding up down time
This is the direction
in which our mental eyes exist
In this direction we find
alternate time tracks similar to the
sidewise ones with the difference being
that theirs is oriented in the direction
opposed to temporal gravity
so that elements
of those other selves
are constantly falling into our awareness
from above
The mutron passes through
all these spaces with equal ease
and is modulated by them
much like the photon is modulated
by bouncing off or passing through matter
Thus information of a very
subtle and distorted nature
is conveyed to us from our other universes
on the mutron express
We call this information
Gnosis
and its influence has been felt by mankind
time and again for as long back
as we have records and no doubt
back to our very genesis and before
The earliest known
mutron impact on earth
was started in the era of the dawn of life
The primordial sea teamed with
the most primitive of bacteria
Their genetic material was a simple molecule
shaped like a lumpy ladder
It was very chemically stable
The mutron passed through earth
and spewed out a wake that left each and every
molecule of DNA twisted beyond recognition
In this state
its stability was ruined
and any force or random glitch
that mother nature had to offer
changed it somehow
Thus evolution had begun
Another notable mutron impact
occurred about 60 million years ago
at the end of the age of the dinosaurs
The particle struck and its wake
left the intelligence of the dinosaurs
increased a million fold
They promptly sat down
figured out how to teleport
and promptly took off on a
around the universe vacation
Presumably they will someday return
Another notable
mutron impact only about
5 million years ago was responsible
for the division of the human and yeti race
The vast majority of these events
however affect individual beings or objects
One such example is Great Britain's
Stonehenge Monument
which was not man made
as is popularly presumed
but is merely the material evidence
of a rather minor mutron splash
Certain great sages of the past
and present have actually had
mutrons pass directly through their crania
A partial listing of these select people
will give an idea of the effects
that may be expected of such a
mutron impact
The first is John


The second is the ancient
The last is the ancient
The last is the ancient
Uh... Marcel Duchamp
R. Buckminster Fuller
Antonio Gaudi
Arnold Palmer
The list goes on
It's interesting to note that
J.R. Bob Dobbs is the only known
human being through whom a
mutron is passed twice
might ask, what about the Big Bang and all that stuff? Well, it seems that matter does not play
a very big role in the actual nuts and bolts operation of the universe. In fact, we find that
it is the case in about half the universe's sample that there is no matter at all. Section B, what we
must do about all this. It is well known that the electron can be pressed into service for all kinds
of uses. It might be less well known that alien civilizations of a level only slightly more
advanced than ours routinely use the enormous power made available by tapping into the gravity
fluxes of quantum black holes. It's also possible to use the time potentials of the neutron to our
own great advantage. The neutron is not subject to the same methods of coercion that we use to bend
normal subatomic particles to our will. They're oblivious to matter and energy alike. The power
of pure thought, because of its intimate relationship with time, does have some small effect.
Mutrons are attracted to areas of course of time that are not so much of a force of thought as

concentrated slackful enlightenment. A neutron container accelerator could be charged with a
neutron if enough slackful minds concentrated their energies around a scoop entrance to the
neutron accelerator. Once contained therein, it would take relatively little effort on the part
of these minds to maintain it in a circular path. One purely technical problem facing this proposal
is the size of the accelerator needed. It is a property of the neutron that it will only travel
in the most gentle of curves.
The minimum diameter of a circle to be traveled by a neutron is approximately 1,000 miles.
Fortunately, we have easy access to an extraterrestrial body more than three times that size, Earth's moon.
The accelerator could be built in a ring completely circumnavigating the lunar sphere about 100 feet
below its surface. Because of the mental effort that would run it, it would be known as the psychotron.
The psychotron would be a valuable tool in the use of practical time control.
By accelerating the neutron in one direction or another, the entire moon could be induced to follow it in whatever temporal direction it might be directed.
Forward, backward, sideways, or up-down. Having this ability opens amazing possibilities.
It is my proposal that this device be constructed for use in a major project to concentrate high slack wisdom in this universe.
The single most radiant personality among modern man is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
There are other alternate Bobs existing in the universe, but only one of them is J.R. Bob Dobbs.

There are other alternate Bob Bob Dobbs existing in other alternate time tracks.
Not all of them are as prominent as our Bob, but still are privy to the same great gnosis.
Others are already the rulers of their respective Earths. All, though, are truly Bob.
Imagine if we could travel to those alternative time streams and convince all of those Bobs to return to our world.
This is exactly what I am suggesting. The formation of the Congress of Bobs.
Yes, my friends, this is our mission.
Those who wish to donate to the Psychotron project will be given a free ride to the alternate world of their choice once the project is complete.
Thank you.
The Mutron by Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger.
From the 1980s.
The most amazing piece of time control ever. Thank you.
From the 1980s.
The Mutron by Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger.
This is me?
Yes, we're all you.
I never sound like that.
I only hear you sleep, but I'm using the puzzling evidence voice because it saves on batteries while I think with your brain.
Well, I've seen that so-called puzzling evidence before and may be puzzling where it comes from, but it flies out of my head.

But as far I'm concerned it's just a lot of the same hoopla they've been feeding us all these years.
Somebody ought to do something about this business before it gets completely out of hand.
Well, that kind of thing doesn't bother me.
What I want to know is when I talk to somebody is he real when I'm talking to him?
This is not the day before, or the week between.

Oh my god. Is this for real?
No, no, no. This is just the tape. Relax.
It is not the day before, or the week between.
It's just the show. The show that, yes, was thrown into the bay three weeks ago and
struggled free of its chains and floated up, swam back to the studio here,
climbed up the antenna, and is now running all the way down those little air wires right into your ears.
Hi, you're still on the air. There will be a test on this Monday, so stay tuned.
You never know when you're here or not on this show because there are so many doctors.
Just a few dugs, sprinkle a few Gary's, drop a few bobs over here.
Yes, I'm sorry, listener. You've got a real problem now. They're alive all the time.
You're still there for no reason at all.
What is that red button over there, dude?
Go ahead, please.
Hmm.
Ready.
You know, brand or scheme.
Oh, yeah, bobbing, bobbing.
