From PR News in Washington, I'm still slowing efforts to reach the victims.
The hard, heavy airbus has been found.
Good.
Government scientists say President Obama is degrading more quickly than expected and more difficult to see on the surface.
Wall Street 2010, 5, 19, 14, 22, 74.
Eleven Somalis charged with piracy say they're listening to PR News.
Authorities say they're worried it'll get worse, as forecast.
In the podcast, Pakistani investigators say they aren't certain of much else at this point.
Burundi is considering doubling the number of its troops to combat Bob.
Bob's spokesperson said 9 million people combat about 75 people.
He said the only thing holding them back right now is a lack of PR News.
If convicted, they could face PR News.
What is it? What's the matter?
I just had a terrible dream.
It was blood and fire and thunder.
And there was something awful was moving in the middle of it.
I could hear it roar and bellow.
The Self-Genius.
Power of Self-Genius.
If I were to allow that to continue, he would blow every circuit in his body.
That is correct, sir.
Just leave it and you'll be free.
I am the Departing software...


And I'll tell you something else, doctor.
The jungle is no place for bitterness.
The jungle's every place for bitterness.
It sows and reaps it like so much cane sugar.
The jungle gets into your blood and builds.
tiny little houses of pain.
And you better not be there when the rent's due,
because the Anaconda, funny thing,
they don't know how to read a lease.
Seems they never learned.
And the only thing longer than a croc's mouth
is the time it takes to swallow you whole.
So, next time you talk to me about jungles and bitterness,
next time you're trying to find your eyes with both hands,
just keep that in mind.
That is, if you still have a mind.
The jungle is a dangerous place, that's true.
But anyone who's ever seen two monkeys give each other things
knows it's a happy place, too.
So let's remember that.
And keep in mind, you can pretty much eat anything you see,
so have fun.
Clicking then, careful, recycle Bob.
Owner Bob is important to our busy team.
I can easily view a different Bob.
I just click Bob.
See this dotted line?
It's a Bob I like, Bob.
I can click Bob.
Great way to view and respond to Bob.
To find specific content, I use Bob.
I can click Bob.
I start by clicking Bob.
I search for Bob.
Welcome, Bob.
Now Bob can start planning wiki for our manual.
I hope you're ready to explore, Bob.
People, it's finished.
Um, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, we have to,
we have to, we have to, we have to,
we can, we can, we need, we need, uh, uh, uh, um,
uh, I lost track.
Uh, I'm, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll,
I mean, how, how, how, how, I mean,
how, I mean, what is, what is, what is, what is,
what is Facebook, Twitter, and blogs, huh?
It's, I mean, what, what, it is, it is,
let us, let us, let us, oh, we do,
even Jews, but, but, we have, we have some, some,
some kind of big, just a real stupid, super big Jesus.
It, it, it doesn't fit.
He was, he was normal or abnormal.
I mean, I mean, I mean, you, you,
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a,
I mean, what, what, what,
I mean, what, what, what,
I mean, what, what, what,
what, what, what, what,
Court stands adjourned till 10 o'clock tomorrow morning.
Look, on that stump,
is it a chipmunk?
It looks like a chipmunk, all right,
but it's really Bob.
We call him that because his name is Bob.
All day long, Bob looks for nuts.
We'll fool him with a mirror.
Well, he thinks that nut in the mirror will run away.
If you hold very still, Bob will come up and eat your hand.
See how he bites off what he wants?
He goes right after that food.
See how his cheeks bulge?
And still he keeps getting more.
Now, let's try something new.
Let's see how smart Bob really is.
Can he learn something he hasn't tried before?
If you hold very still, Bob will shove your nuts in his cheeks.
See how his cheeks bulge?
If you tie your nuts to a string, Bob grabs it.
He's beginning to get curious about that string.
See him sniff at it?
Do you think Bob can learn to pull the string?
He can reach, and this time he pulls the string with his teeth.
The more you pull, the harder he pulls.
Do you think he can get your nuts?
He uses his tongue to reach them.
Let's push your nuts in a little farther and try again.
Now his tongue isn't long enough, so he sniffs and licks.
He moves his nose back and forth under your nuts.
He tries to push his face into the nuts that he can see.
No, that didn't work.
Don't you think so?
You can see that the domesticated
tooth knows which 90% Dent Score skin is engaged in.
No, that didn't help.
Great!
Mine was that cash.
Okay.
We never mentioned one thing about killing.
That's enough.
This land is my land.
From the Californians to the New Yorkers.
This land is my land.
This land is for me.
Made just for him.
Him.
And a lot of people seem to think that this land was made just for them.
By the way, the collages there were by, in this order, Lemur, the large.
A clip from The Lost Skeleton returns again.
Nor El Pref.
Lemur, Lemur.
Heart Ignition, Lemur.
And friends, welcome to Hour of Slack.
1,274.
I goofed up and didn't notice that last issue was number 1,273.
And 273 is a subgenius magic number.
And I'm such a bad numbers kook, I paid no attention to that.
Didn't even know Princess Wee is here.
And we have something special for you tonight.
It ought to make some people angry, I hope.
I've mentioned before that I have developed a bad habit.
Not only reading the news on Yahoo.com just to see what the pinks get.
But I've been reading the comments from what we call the Raging Peanut Gallery.
And they made me anxious and filled me with anxiety and upsetness for a while there.
But I've come up with a way that makes me feel better about it.
And that is, when I come to one.
It's hilariously stupid.
I copy and paste it into a special document I have called the Yahoo's of Yahoo.
And at first, friends, I thought he had done this just to entertain me.
But here we are bringing it to you.
So what we're going to do is read to you some samples from our cross section.
Some of the tender commentary that has built up during this.
This week to 9-11.
We're broadcasting this on 9-12.
And so these are some of the captured moments from our fellow regular garden variety everyday normal Americans.
We're going to try to duplicate the unique spelling that so many people,
who I suppose were hooked on,
phonics,
have used.
So if you hear us pronounce certain, a lot of words in an interesting way,
we're trying to duplicate the way they wrote it.
Here's one from Jay Pyers,
who says,
Now friends, before we do this,
this, anything, nothing we say reflects the station or its managers or anybody else.
Not even us.
We're reading stuff we found on the internet that's so dumb, we had to share it with you.
This fellow here.
Oh, this guy uses the name God.
I am God and all the Islam followers are terrorist.
Singular.
Remember 9-11 or was it just a justification to kill those stupid Iraqis like we are doing the Afghanistan's?
Also deport the lazy Mexicans.
And their pregnant women that are only to have babies and apply for welfare benefits.
Now here's Robert Smithfield.
He says,
Do it, Mexico.
Tie, not it, will be a great example to us.
In all probability, we will throw even more money at you just to maintain the statuesque.
The worst thing is a good example.
And this is the worst thing.
In this case.
The statuesque.
You know, say that again.
I think he meant status quo.
Yes.
But it says statuesque.
Statuesque.
Yeah, the statuesque.
Statuesque.
I remember that one.
That was one of my favorites.
If a mosque is built anywhere in the U.S.,
then the U.N. will have declared war upon themselves by the nation.
If so, they will declare martial law and attempt to wipe us out so nothing stains in their way.
There is uproar of the news of a Muslim church being built.
As far as I see the situation, hell is close to breaking loose on our land once again.
A second civil war, as you would say, may come if this event continues.
And many of us will have no choice but to take arms on both sides as before in the 1800s.
No one wants another war such as that, and neither do I.
But if it continues, there will be no alternative than to fight for what we believe in
and what our forefathers lived for and died for.
Numerals used here.
If you have a disagreement with what I say now, speak now or forever hold peace.
This is from Osama Obambe.
This is all part of Obambo's plot to discredit this heroic woman.
Clearly, Osama had something up his sleeve.
It wouldn't surprise me if he literally pulled the words out of her mouth
through one of his secretive Obamabot agents.
With all the illicit high-tech stuff Osama has been buying from Iran,
he probably has found ways to silence his opposition at the most critically of times.
It's truly sickening what Osama, I mean, Osama has done to the USS, now the USA,
the United States of Saudi Arabia, EIA.
We want our country back.
Screw the American government for suppressing the voice rights, freedoms, and honor
of its own country and people in support of these backwards evil killers
and screw the moose lives for their intolerant, one-sided, uneducated, useless lives.
The only freedom of speech is if you are not white.
We do not have freedom.
We do not have freedom.
We do not have freedom of speech anymore.
I am waiting to build the concrete wall.
How about you?
Now, friends, remember, we're just reading comments that we copied from Yahoo.com news.
Comments.
Including, oh, here's a good one from John.
Everyone should have a large party in the White House Oval Office
while Obama is on another vacation that consists of no clothes,
P.S. Leave bodily fluids on his coffee mug.
This is not the United States of America.
This is a country that if you offend somebody, you are a criminal.
I bet if the Muslims wanted to fly their flag, it would be okay.
Or the MLK NAACP Black Panthers, it would be okay.
What's funny?
If they would not be okay, then they would be okay.
If they would not say anything about the flag, we would not have known about it.
You can't do anything in this country without making somebody mad.
Boy, that's for sure.
I hope all the libtard women running their mouths that we must accept the Muslims
and we must allow them to have their traditions, live to be a part of a Muslim world.
I would be amongst the crowd stoning them or whipping them to show them how infallible
and inferior they are to man.
They need a taste of this to understand that you need to know what you are asking for
because in many cases, you will get it.
Ooh, let the Muslim Moscow be built, but don't allow this historic flag to be flown.
This is the reason for the Second Amendment.
Here's one from Jeep Jeep.
So, D, now we're saying the current government is not going to be able to do anything about it.


The president caused this problem in the USA.
And yes, he knew he was black.
He has two children by a black woman.
The question is why did he not marry a white woman?
Please tell me. I know his grandmother raised him.
And what else? I need help with this question.
After years of taking oil out of the goal, golf, goal, all of a sudden oil rigs are blowing up.
Let's see who doesn't want to drill in the golf.
Obama and all his wing nuts.
What luck, right boys?
Sort of reminds me of the suspicious Greek restaurant fires.
Then they reopen bigger and bigger.
This is a reflection on all Greek owners because it's true.
It would be funny to burn an effigy of Allah.
Lol.
Ha.
Ha. Ha.
The government took God out of our schools but not Muhammad.
Anybody else see a patron?
Obama did this one because he needs a crisis because he cannot do the job he was elected for.
Is all this progressive outrage over Koran burning about their respect for religion?
Or is it their outrage?
A display of their visceral and cowardly behavior?
Or is it their cowardly fear of Muslim people?
Your only motivation for attacking this pastor, the guy who's going to burn the Koran,
is your pathetic, self-serving cowardice and spineless groveling before the enemies of America.
You're prepared to bow your knees only to those you fear will blow you up or shoot you in your spineless back for looking at them the wrong way.
Nice show, cowards.
Proof once again, liberalism is a mental disorder.
And the creed of weakly, weakling, girly man.
Hmph.
Well, there you have it.
Enviro-terrorism in the time of Obama.
These rigs never exploded before the enviro-nuts man headed the Justice Department.
Holder will never prosecute the real people behind these terrorist attacks.
That's their fight against us energy independents.
U.S. energy independents.
Vote them out. They are killing us.
Santa Claus posted,
It prophesied Iran will knock, Saudi Arabia will burn, the oil will burn.
Then when Israel is act, God his self will destroy the ones that act Israel.
Iran-foo-ther is rightin'.
Muslim God can't save them. People don't believe Nazis.
And Dave is calling in, I think, here.
But, uh, here, let's see what happens if we push a little Dave on.
Dave on there. Do we see Dave on?
You pushed my nose?
It's Darvon.
Oh, here's the last, here's two more.
These are really in keeping, Dave.
I know you've been listening to all these.
Comments. These are comments, friends, once again.
We're not reflecting the attitudes nor opinions of the station, the station management,
or any other DJs.
Or the DJs speaking now.
Absolutely not.
Or anyone we know.
These are quote-unquote.
I'm only reading from, from Yahoo News comments that follow the articles.
And here are two that I found in a row.
Joe said,
Yahoo is owned by Jews.
They can only stifle so much speech and they know it.
Now that was followed by a post by Mr. Good Guy who said,
Yahoo is owned by Muslims.
You can tell.
How can you tell by the feathers in the cap or the little string of bologna hanging from the arm?
Oh, they change their, you know, I mean, one minute it's the Jews, the next minute it's the Muslims,
and the next minute it's the libtards, and the next minute it's the hipsters.
It's growth in the public.
And the next minute it's the Republicans.
So many of us anyway.
Or the Republicans.
Regardless of our skewings on the political spectrum.
It's, it's, I talk to so many people.
And I talk to so many people that are just fed up with hearing what they're hearing from these people.
And you know whose fault it is.
Well, it's our fault for repeating what they say.
In some ways it is.
Oh, Dave!
But you have to say it three times and spin around for it to actually work.
We almost forgot something.
I have an introduction for you.
Here, this, maybe we should have music with this.
Okay.
What are you introducing?
Shut up, shut up.
Let me introduce you.
This is a professional.
This is a professional.
In the parlance of the 20th century, this is an oddball.
His name is Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And his tastes lean toward stuffed animals, zither music, professional mooseball, Charles Dickens, golfer heads, carnivals, dogs, children, and young ladies.
Dave is accident prone, a little vague, a little discombobulated with a life that possesses him.
And he possesses all the security of a floating crap game.
But this can be said of our Dave.
Without him, without his warmth, without his kindness, the world would be a considerably poorer place.
Albeit, perhaps, a little saner.
As long as we avoid that bizarre casino that we call the hour of slack.
Isn't that nice?
There was a Twilight Zone, Dave.
About a subgenius.
It was called Mr. Beavis.
I remember the Mr. Beavis episode.
But I can't remember if he lost his glasses or if he was in the library too long with the vampire.
No, this was the one who met Mr. Fate or Mr. Destiny or Mr. Death or Mr. Lucifer.
Somebody who was going to make him normal so that he wouldn't be, you know, a crazy subgenius who couldn't hold down a job.
A chicken.
A squirrel.

Some other.
So they turned Mr. Beavis in that episode into, well, his guardian angel turned him into a suit wearing normal.
Got rid of the bow tie and the checkered coat.
And the jalopy gave him a sports car and a nice suit and made him an executive.
Oh, yeah.
And nobody liked him anymore.
Right.
And nobody was friendly to him anymore.
And he wanted to go back.
He was a little bit silly.
He was kind of a little bit of a character too at his desk.
And people, although they resented it in some ways, they kind of got used to it because he was kind of a nice guy.
He was that accent of spice in their lives.
Huh?
He was that accent of spice in their lives.
It's kind of a rancid spice in some ways, like cumin that's gone bad after you've sat on it for too long.
But when I was thinking about the tea party, I was thinking that the thing with all of these people is they don't remember Lewis Carroll.
Or John Carroll University either, which is another rival of Cleveland State's.
Princess, will you don't cough on the microphones now?
Oh, wouldn't think of it.
Don't put your disease in them.
I would not think of it.
I think they're taking the orders.
There are orders from the Mad Hatter.
Yes, there are indeed.
Well, as Mr. Ed said, don't vote conservative or you will be censored by Barack Hus and Yahoo.
Oh, my God, it's just getting so strange lately.
I mean, I just read, interestingly enough, on the Internet, some research done by scientists who claim that from so far from observation,
it appears that a lot of people who get their information the tea party way, you know, via the radio and Fox News on TV and stuff like that.
Right.
Those from each other, basically.
That even when presented with facts that are irrefutable.
Right.
It tends to make them more irascible and convinced that they're right.
So they're putting pugnacious juice in the airwaves somehow.
Well, it works.
I mean, it works in certain countries previously.
You know, the big lie is the one they'll believe.
You repeat one often enough.
It becomes the truth.
You know, the M&E is worried about the M&E.
As this person says, the M&E is the Islam and one is destroying America from within.
It makes me want to weep like a child with too big of a load to carry.
But at the same time, it makes me weep for this land we're in.
Terra X, we might call it, but it's now known as the U.X.A.
It's known as the U.S.S.A.
Pretty soon now.
Because Civil War is coming.
Burn, baby, burn.
I got the feeling if everybody who had a shotgun was sitting on their porch waiting for their neighbor to come on by so they could shoot them when they stepped on their property, we would have firefights throughout the land.
Well.
And it's, I mean, that has nothing to do with anything.
Nenslow pointed out that get off my lawn is the new make my day.
Both were Clint Eastwood lines.
Yes, I know.
And that's kind of transmogrified into make my lawn, have my day, get off of my lawnmower.
You know, any kind of, because it was kind of delivered in the same style.
And I think that diluted the previous line, which was, you know, I thought maybe right up there was, man's got to know his limitations.
Well, fine.
Do you remember that one?
A man's got to know his limitations.
He said that to the guy who played Lincoln or whatever his name was.
You don't remember that from Dirty Harry, I think, perhaps?
It's been a long time.
The only line I really remember from that was something like, do you feel lucky pink?
Well, do you?
Yeah, do you feel lucky pink?
Well, do you?
Yeah.
Now, here's a comment from Meme.
She say, I do my part to keep the rich people rich.
I play in casino.
I know that I am not going to win, but we have to have some rich people.
Not everyone had to be poor.
Oh, yeah.
I've noticed all of a sudden.
I think because.
Because the liberal socialist communist traitor Muslims are sort of against rich people not
getting taxed a lot.
In other words, because the.
Are you saying there's something fishy going on here?
The libtards think that rich people should be taxed a little more than poor people.
Suddenly, that means those others seem to feel that.
That means they should defend the rich people.
So all of a sudden you've got all these trailer park denizens sticking up for the richest oligarchs
in the country.
Because when was the last time a poor guy gave you a job?
The only time you get a job is from rich guys.
It's when you enlist the common man and feed him a line of BS and he'll follow the king
or queen anywhere.
Well, no kidding.
Well, depending.
Depending on which king or queen it is.
If it's their special king or queen, then they can do anything.
It's okay.
What?
Like a Princess We or something?
Yeah, sure.
Like in my.
Yeah, Princess.
Or Queen of all the.
She can do no wrong.
But, you know, I hate to say it, but I sometimes wonder if, Dave, do you suppose there could
still be a little problem with racism in this country?
It seems like there's a big, big fat one, isn't there?
I mean, there's all these people.
There's people who are just, they want to complain about something and I don't, it's.
Well, it's gotta be somebody's fault besides theirs.
It's the biggest elephant in the living room we've had.
Eleven Fink.
Who the hell is Eleven Fink?
Ellie Fink.
The Eleven Fink in the living room.
Oh, the Ellie Fink.
You know.
Up in, you know, that big old thing.
The gorilla.
With the big ears and the.
Yeah.
The gorilla in the.
Yeah.
Big ones.
In the bedroom.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pink Ellie Fink.
Yeah.
Jay here says that Mohamed fornificated with goats.
Well, that's a common fallacy because.
That's, didn't it, don't every, that's every subgenius.
Fallacy, so to speak.
I think not only every subgenius, but I think perhaps even a few of the other religious
deities, which we commonly follow in United Snakes, also had cannobial light.
Oh my God, I just realized something.
Bob didn't mean goats.
He meant ghosts.
We were supposed to be fornificating with ghosts all this time.
Oh man.
And instead we've been using common barnyard goats.
But at least it was fornification and not just, you know, your usual dirty stuff.
And then there was, there were the followers of dis-fornification who believed that if the
element of random chaos was introduced, the true fornification would either get better
or get worse or stay the same, depending on their scientific gigolo.
I've run into a lot of people online who don't seem to like science either.
They've said over and over again, they've said, these scientists are so dumb.
They prefer to use the word stupid.
And oddly enough, they, they so often spell stupid with an E.
Like step it or stu- like making it a do.
Stupid.
Yeah.
This is stupid.
Stupid.
I've had that said to me personally.
I know there's a lot of strange, very, very strange misspellings that if you were a Jungian
or even a Freudian, you could probably find out more than you needed to know about most
of these people, unfortunately, that maybe they're a little around the bend, you know?
Well, now not all the crazies hate the libtards.
Some of them hate the repuglicans.
For instance, this guy here, Bush Daddy is the so-called Jesuit occult, the anointed one.
It is called Project Omega.
Even the tsunami in Indonesia was a manmade.
They used micro-nukes called Thermate and placed them in the fault lines underground.
They wanted to take over the oil monopoly in Indonesia and they did.
Yay.
And the American people was still blind and dumb of truth.
Search for HAARP.
What it can do when it is pointed up in the sky and what it can do when it is pointed
it below and what it can do when it is pointed to humans?
The Bush got paid $2.1 trillion by the Queen of England, who is, by the way, Bush is the
13th cousin of the Queen Mother's side for mission accomplished.
Bush was knighted by the Queen.
Why?
Think about it.
Why?
Oh, oh, and I should keep my mouth shut for I will be subject to Illuminati or the New
World Order order?
Question mark.
Now, that is true quackery, but I believe most of it.
Now, Dave, you know that harp thing that's just for music.
Angels don't reappear and change shapes like so many ghosts do that Bob's been trying to
wend his mighty proboscis into or out of.
That's the thing.
See, Bob can do a ghost.
But the rest of us, it's like he's just saying, you're just going to have to use your brain.
Use your imagination, kids.
But there is a special form of Jolly, which is the old African word for essence, male
essence.
But it's also a spiritual thing, too.
And Bob has quite a bit of that.
Oh, he's got to do with it.
It's buckets and buckets.
Yes, he's got a big load of love, baby.
It's too bad that so many of his ideas had to be burned like so many Korans.
We had to burn Revelation X.
We were quite happy to do it.
Remember?
Well, that's the funny thing.
You know, we've been burning holy books in Church of the Subgenius since 1980.
I can prove it on old Betamax tapes.
Our own.
But Naked stood there at Dockstock eating a Bible, ripping pages out of a Bible and
shoving them in his mouth.
Yum, yum, yum.
At one of the X Days, I remember Pastor Pressure deep fried.
Oh, yeah.
And he was eating a holy Bible.
And it was delicious, too.
Well, the crust was...
Well, it was battered and deep fried.
The batter was good.
Yeah, the batter was good.
The leather was leathery.
And, of course, we burned, I'm sure...
But we didn't make a big deal out of it.
It's like we burn any old holy book.
I think we left the complete works of L. Ron Hubbard sitting behind the latrines two
X Days ago.
We indeed did.
Because nobody would buy them in the Bulldada auction.
And they could be used for what they were offering.
And it was one of the few things...
And they could be used for what they were offering.


And they were most needed for.
That's a utilitarian society that Bob wants to create beyond the stars.
That's the kind of world that he wants to build deep within you before you even accept
whether this may or may not be...
My favorite ones are the ones...
The comments that are...
Have a built-in contradiction.
And they're not being ironic, either.
Here's one from Marion who says,
Hey, LushTundra58.
People who support a mosque at Ground Zero should be stoned to death.
Why did I laugh?
I'm sorry.
Give them money.
We Americans need more than they do.
And you numbnuts think that the Islam pukes already in this country should be treated
as real Americans?
They are not real Americans and never will be!
You freaking idiots that think otherwise are not real Americans.
I'm sorry.
And Bill spoignello says...
Kenzoa says...
The Obamas live their best, gearboxious life that they have with all the taxpayers dollar
signs that they can now before they leave the WH in two years.
So, they sure are taking a great advantage of it without any consideration of how starve
millions of Americans out of working without homes.
But, they take vacation after vacation and dance all fun stuff.
I think that they're boring,laughs!


they are so insensitive of how others' feeling and have entirement attitude as usual. Stop
them from spending our dollar sign, our grandchildren dollar sign, and our griot, too. Vote them
all out in two years, people.
Boy, oh boy, that lady is on every week saying that Obama's on a vacation.
I think it's griot grandchildren, but it was too much to tie.
Well, it really, and then people come along and cheat by pointing out Bush's vacation
record, which was like a quarter to a third of his presidency. So, I don't know. And then
they get all upset. Oh, here's a good one. Do It Right said, I don't know about you,
but I couldn't have been killed on 9-11 because I would never would have lived in any of the
liberal states.
Which are a lot more stupid, careless, and lawless, and a favorite target of terrorists.
Eh, Eh, San says, that's one of my favorite ones so far.
This Moran just needs attention, just like a baby. Sorry, I have two babies of my own
to pay attention to. At least mine are cute.
Now, there was one great comment among all of this stuff.
What would Dr. Zayas think?
I think we should ask a werewolf what they might think. Or someone who changes shapes
and stuff.
He would say, quote, war on everyone who doesn't believe what I believe. Purge the Islam scum.
I can't believe how people got into this after nine years after thinking it was the Islams,
rather than wondering really what happened.
How could they get so sidetracked? Do you think maybe some big fat hands that are large
and they don't have very many calluses on them, that's for sure, and they're big and
they're huge and large, and they run the banking something or another?
Well, I'm not a women cowboy, Dave. Oh, let me tell you that Muslim people are not nice.
I know this because I...
I'm not a Muslim. I'm not a Muslim. I'm not a Muslim. I'm not a Muslim. I'm not a Muslim.

I was...


There was a Muslim man who got me fired from a job, and I trusted him. I knew that he is
satanic now and hates Jesus.
That one you've done yourself.
No, I did not. I did not.
No, that is a stage subgenius.
And I was reading it...
No, sir, it was not a stage subgenius. None of these were our stage subgenius fake idiots.
They're verbatim.
These are real, true, non-sagist love.


subgenius idiot. Subgeniuses are too
dumb to come up with stuff like this.
Because we're subgeniuses.
These are the geniuses of America
that are speaking.
Cut and paste it onto this paper.
The life of humanity.
The mind power. The genius.
Now here's what I think
is fake. Every now
and then you'll get a redneck
trying to be
an evil Muslim to show you how
bad the Muslim people are.
And here's the insane fake Muslim
who says
this is too much.
Okay, get ready.
The Torah and New Testament are forgeries as they make
gods of the Jews while making
virtual slaves of the children of Adam.
All non-Jews. It is time Chris Staines
recognized the New Testament for what it is.
An instruction manual. How to serve and
worship your hostile jinn
aka Jew masters
for dummies. Yes, Allah chose
the Jews. He chose the species
consisting of monkeys, swine,
devils, and jinn to return
back to the hellfire from which they were created.
The Chris Staines diabolical worship
of a partially eaten Jew corpse
and their worshiping and serving
clinically insane barn and zoo
animals in the life of this world
mandates they receive the harshest
punishment in the hellfire.
I would just like to
interject something right there.
How many Americans know that
it's illegal in Islam
for Islamic people to
burn the Torah or the New
Testament because they're parts of the
Haditha, which is
like the Old Testament
to, you know, how we got the
Old Testament and New Testament that Christians do
anyway, you know?
And so the Torah and the
New Testament
are their Old Testament.
You can't burn it. It's not as cool as the
Quran may be. When you're burning the Quran
you're kind of also burning
the old books that are
in it,
which are the Holy
Bible. Oh, well. And the Torah.
Right. Well, the Holy Bible
includes a
retranslation, tweaked up
version of the Torah. Yes, but the
Torah was first.
Well, actually, Princess Wee, if
Pappy was here, he would point out to
you that in fact those
desert tribes of Israel
picked up a whole lot of their stuff from
the good old Zoroastrians.
You don't see many of them around,
but none of these
religions are
especially original.
As John
41 here said,
this is one of the few intelligent
comments on Yahoo,
religion will keep us from evolving
to civilization type one.
Obviously, John is
from the future, or an alien.
Oh, there was a great
Bob line in here somewhere.
I found, where was it?
Do you have it, Princess Wee?
Yes, but I want you to read it.
I think the problem with it is...





It would sound so much better in your voice,
Dan.
Okay, okay.
They're incapable of
processing information.
Many parts of their brain
have been fused.
The neurons and neurological
pockets.
I'm sorry.
Dave, here is a line
that I'm going to steal
for our purposes.
It originally said,
there are those who believe,
there are those who believe in God,
and there are those who don't.
Only one group will be able to say,
I told you so.
But listen how much better
it sounds if you do it this way.
Backwards?
There are those who believe in Bob,
and there are those who don't.
Only one group will be able to say,
I told you so.
With X-Day in mind,
doesn't that sort of...
That's better for Bob
than it is for old God.
Old God.
You know, old God,
remember old God?
Old God, he had Peter play,
though I remember old God
got up one time so fast
that he claimed his sacroiliac
was out of action.
But instead...
And God posts frequently
to Yahoo.com.
His spelling is unusual.
He's a night owl.
Or, you know, with a small H.
I mean, with a capital H,
he's quite a night owl.
Because he's in part of the vast night.
The aeon of night,
we like to call it.
Usually,
it usually lasts about 100,000 years.
No chance of escape
if you want to spiritually evolve.
Unless, of course,
you come to Bob
on your hands and knees
like a dog
wanting a biscuit.
Well, so much for freedom.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, you can't...
You don't have freedom of speech
if you're a real American.
Only unreal Americans
have real freedom of speech.
They can burn anything they want.
But if you're an American,
a real American,
you can't burn nothing.
You see.
I can't see how they would equate
a Quran,
which is a book,
with a brassiere,
which is an object
that women burned in the 70s.
Actually, Dave,
I believe that that was an urban myth.
And there are not really
hardly any examples
of women's libers
actually burning bras.
Wow.
That was a media invention.
There have been a couple...
Huh?
Just like the old, you know,
everybody was spitting on soldiers.
I never...
I knew a lot of soldiers.
Well, when I came back from NAM,
ain't nobody spit on me.
They chewed on your leg, though,
because the gangrene produced...
It was so hot.
I couldn't use somebody spitting on me.
Oh, my God.
My God.
Roland.
You were never the same.
But you were never the same
before you were different.
You were always never the same.
And what about...
Oh, Libmeister said this.
And what about
Oh, Nub Nuts bending over
to kiss all the other leaders
in the world?
What was he kissing?
And what was it all about?
They all still hate us.
Speak for yourself, buddy.
These people are very literate.
I mean, you can tell
they've taken on a lot of sources.
Maybe read a lot of papers.
I think they've read
a lot of Yahoo comments.
By each other.
Yeah.
Maybe that's it.
As I was saying, Roland,
she says,
white people are sick and tired
of Obama
and anybody who supports him.
I want all black people
and liberals to die.
That's not a real dream.
Yes, it is.
It is.
It is only a dream.
Yeah, she said it's only a dream.
But she really...
This nice girl,
this Christian wants
all black people
and liberals.
Oh, Lord.
Which I guess that means
two different things.
Right.
All black people
and liberals to die.
Yeah.
She left out Hamas.
That's freedom.
That's what freedom...
Hamas?
She left that one.
That's another one
they're all arguing about.
They hate Hamas, too.
Oh, the Hamas,
the homosexuals
or the Hamas in Palestine.
Yeah, and Halitoshis, too.
The Hamas,
the homosexuals.
Oh, my God.
That's the worst of all.
They're, they're moose,
moose slimes.
Gay Muslims.
There you go, buddy.
Moose slimes.
The very worst
you could possibly be
on this planet.
The Hamas sexuals.
They actually have sex
with members of Hamas.
Yep.
In Hamas.
Yeah, they make a big room
full of Hamas.
And then they get a humping
of the Hamas sexuals.
Next thing you know,
they're more,
the little tires
are starting to squeal
and them truck drivers
are getting mad, you know,
and them horns is a honking.
And you should get out of that
room with your Hamas, say,
get a mitten Hamas side
on Zeus and whatnot.
This one has a little
built-in joke.
It's by Blanca Alexicon.
Oh.
USA has free speech.
Can say and do what want to.
And spell too.
I've seen the word mosque spelled with a U.
Well, as musk.
In fact, one of these guys thought that mosque
was sort of a subtle way of saying musk,
which I don't, could not make any sense
of that one at all.
I've lost track of where that one is.
Google Obama and Black Panthers
and kill white babies.
Oh, man.
I guess if you Google that,
you can Google anything you can find.
Hey, the true subgeniuses
who got tired of all the hate on,
I got to talk about yahoo.com,
alt.slack.
Yeah.
Is about as retarded as yahoo.com.
And I've been meaning to tell you, Dave,
I keep forgetting to do this.
I need to send you an invitation
to the true subgenius news group,
which is called Scrub Genius
on Google Groups.
It was actually started several months ago,
but I've been kind of lax
in letting the true subgeni
know about it.
We didn't want it flooded.
And the thing is,
I actually check everybody
before we let them in.
I check to see if they're in the book of life.
But rather than email me that,
you chose to say it on the air.
Yeah, that's okay.
We've got lots of true subgeniuses listening
and very few of anybody else listening,
I would think.
So if Bob has their name in the book,
then we'll know and we can let them in.
And if they don't, they don't.
But I think that's the thing.
Speaking of which,
also, Dave,
you know,
it's not a mosque
and it's not at ground zero,
but...
It is a pornographic YMCA
for Islamic children.
Yeah, but the subgeniuses
are going to be having
their own sacred ground
9-11 mosque
deflowering
on October 9th
in New York City
within shelling distance
of the sacred ground zero.
It's actually in Astoria,
but that's close enough.
And it's not on 9-11,
but it is on 9-9.
No, it's on 10-9.
So that's close enough.
October 9th.
It's actually kind of a big show
and I wish we could drag you there, Dave,
but I don't think we can.
Because we're going to be leaving
like a week early.
Princess We will be there.
Fat Mandy will be there.
Duke of Uke will be there.
Susie the Flusie will be there.
Bleepo, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy
will be there.
Priestess Pisces.
Fat Free.
There's also a DeVival coming up
in Detroit on November 13th
and in Little Rock on November 20th,
but I don't know exactly
any details on those,
except that I'm supposed to go to them.
And welcome to new station WESU.
Actually, it's an old station
that used to play Hour of Slack,
and they're playing Hour of Slack again.
Hi, WESU in Middletown, Connecticut.
Hi, WESU.
There's Hour of Slack all over the airwaves
in Middletown, Connecticut.
There's hamburger on the highway
right outside your window there.
And I have another announcement,
which is that
the band called Revelry,
which features Princess We Are Doe,
will be singing at Ingenuity Fest
on the Span stage
on September 24th.
It's a Friday.
That's only in Cleveland.
It's only in Cleveland.
But it's under the bridge, man.
Yeah, it's under the bridge.
It's a barrage.
You know what I mean?
When they say under the bridge,
it's like it's a barrage.
Well, they don't mean in the river,
but there's this...
They used to run...
Street cars.
Yeah, street cars
and have shops.
It's the street car level, yes.
And it's been abandoned for years,
but now they have festivals down there.
Last year, it was a very, very strange scene,
I must say,
because it's a strange environment.
It's a fabulous, strange environment.
Back in the days before there were festivals under the bridge,
some people actually camped under the bridge.
Oh, they've been run out.
And cooked beans and forest fires and stuff like that.
There are no homeless.
Drank acetylene and acetone.
No homeless people in Cleveland.
No longer.
No.
No, no, no.
They have a booth now, as a matter of fact.
The homeless.
You can go kiss the homeless
at the Kiss the Homeless booth.
It's free.
You don't even have to give them a dollar.
Can't I even just have one little kiss?
Somebody.
Well...
Now, if anyone actually listened to that announcement,
I'd just like to one more thing say.
We'll sing from 6 o'clock to 7 o'clock
on Friday,
September 24th.
Just a little note,
just to let local Clevelandians...
Stalkers.
Now you just, for the first time in an hour of Slack,
you just opened us up to the stalkers.
Way to go.
Please, Lord, stalkers on the prowl.
Now, see, if it's a Church of the Subgenius show,
we don't get stalkers.
If it's Princess Wee singing,
oh yeah, then it's stalker heaven, baby.
We've had a few...
Gumless old ladies chase us down the street
wearing tennis shoes.
Remember?
Oh, I remember one time they took off after you.
They were after me.
They were gonna try and beat me up or something.
You were the only one they ever chased, Dave.
You and Jayner.
The only ones that ever had groupies were you and Jayner.
Well, yeah.
And Jayner is like, ugh.
They flocked to them.
You know, the subgenius weirdo ladies, they're...
They're different, those conny tights are.
They're not necessarily beautiful, but mutated.
Some of them do have parts of their brain exposed,
which is good to check
when you want to see if you're truly compatible with somebody.
Well, their heads and their brains are...
You look inside someone's head and see what's going on there,
and you can literally actually do that.
There are subgenius women whose heads are so gigantically...
Beautiful.
...vast.
Well, they can't get through the door, not even to the big house,
much less the little house.
There's usually an exclusionary collage.
I hear you, noggin, but you can't come in.
Yeah.
Sour, soft.
That's a special message to a little special somebody out there.
I'm sure she'll have a ball with that.
Ya big-headed yacht.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ya giant cranium B-O-Yacht.
Can't you hear me, noggin?
On your window.
Can I spare a...
Noture sign.
Noture?
Noture sign.
Sutures?
Boy, did we screw that one up.
Oh, well.
We'll get around to it.
We'll do that one next week.
Yes.
You know, when we go off the air,
probably Dr. Sinister won't jump in and start doing his show.
He'll leave my background stuff playing for a long time,
and it will be by the large...
by Leemur and Hazel of the Windmills,
who is kind of a new person.
I don't think she's exactly a new person, per se.
Perhaps new to your reckoning.
Anyway, friends, you are listening to the Hour of Slack
from the Church of the Subgenius,
and you can get more information about all the stuff we've been talking about.
Oh, and the Subgenius online class
at MaybeLogicAcademy.org.
That starts up again this fall on October 25th.
Learn all you can, kid.
It's a lot different than it has been before,
and a lot bigger.
All of this can be learned,
and should only be learned,
at Subgenius.com
if you want to know these things.
We can't call you to action on such things.
But there's a motivation.
Yes.
A drive, like the sands that sweep across the desert.
And for our prisoner listeners,
which apparently there's quite a few of
around Madison and Atlanta,
who aren't on the internets,
you can write for free information
from Subgenius at
Post Office Box 181-417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
That's Box 181-417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Subgenius.com
And for those yahoo.com posters,
Subgenius does not have an O in it,
but com does.
And you don't write dot out,
you just put a dot.
You type the dot that's called a period.
And, uh...
Oh, please, please, please, just one more.
This is from Beto.
It seems celestial events are falling through dot dot dot
in line of a great schism between beliefs,
dot dot dot,
a demand for the people to stand
where they truly belongs,
dot dot dot.
This schism was actually rooted to the triggered
by 9-11 tragedy, dot dot dot.
And May Americans has been reading
quranic teachings already,
dot dot dot.
And the gaps are clearly written and preached,
dot dot dot.
I wonder why they call it the quran,
dot dot dot.
Question mark?
Just because of what we discussed earlier.
Disgust is right.
About the influenza passing quickly
like an air and gas through a madman's head.
Disgust is right.
And so we must flee.
We must go away.
Oh, the music we were playing earlier in the background
was from Rural War Room.
Yay, Rural War Room!
And FegmoTactic.
Yay, FegmoTactic!
Which is related to negative land.
And in the background now is just a bunch of exotic lounge music
that I don't know what it is really.
But it's old and we can get away with it.
And so now, Dave, I must bid you adieu.
This woman does sound a little bit like Amy Kamish.
Ema Sumac?
Ema Sumac.
It probably is.
Yeah, listen to that.
Maybe I just...
OK, Dave, I'm fading her out, I'm fading her out.
You're going...
Going, going...
Going, Dave...
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!





I happen to know Bob.
I happen to know Bob.
I haven't known Bob.
Know what I'm saying?
It's so hard for me to hide.
She could drag me away.
Down by the bay.
Shot her dead.
She could drag me away.
Down by the bay.
We just finished up a very cool record from Fingerprints,
on which you can perform live at Fingerprints,
from the soundtrack today for The Life on Mars.
The great jazz musician and usually the quartet
is...
is coming up at the bakery,
but his Bjork song as well.
From the police and the police,
we had the police because just, boy, a few things.
Grand National, Grand National,
a police, which I didn't know,
and I'm assuming just making that up.
All right, I'll believe you.
Go see Sandra producing Everything Bad
happening at the Silent Movie Theater.
And let here with 89.88.88.1 and 89.1 Radio Community Service.
I'm Ann. Let's stay with us.
