From PR News in Washington, I'm following PR's reports.
The president of Mexico's top electoral court issued a report today that says America is significantly degraded and is still dangerous.
On Wall Street, 7446-367-319.
This is PR News.
An Indonesian man on the resort island of Bali on October 1st last year.
I'm sentenced to eight years in prison for harboring PR News in Washington.
PR News, Washington.
The alleged mastermind is still at large.
Invisible poison gas.
I'd like to build the world a home and furnish it with the subgenius power of sweat.
Annihilating death rays.
And you shall be my first soldiers.
He'd made you forget many things.
I'm sorry.
We are the supreme race.
We have the supreme weapons.
That's Bob.
What do you mean you don't know him?
You know this man.
Yes, sir.
I've never seen that man before in my life.
But you know something?
He kind of looks like somebody, doesn't he?
Mr. Gerard, you have a friend named Bob.
Bob is just about my best friend in the world.
That's Bob.
Everybody needs shoes.
I'm a salesman.
It's sad.
You have a friend named Bob.
Bob?
Bob?
Besides, if you haven't done anything,
why are you upset that you don't get anything?
Welcome to Living On Bus.
My name is Lynn and I am your ho-ho-ho-ho.
Fabulous.
Well, let's do it.
What's really going on with people?
Sometimes I feel like a third.
A lot of times I don't know what I did.
Dogs are jealous of my back.
I threw up.
Freaked out.
All the time.
It just lit my fire.
No clue.
I was the sexuality expert.
Have no clue.
I do entertainment.
I do entertainment.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
Unbelievable.
Self-centered.
I'm flabbergasted.
Self-centered.
Ignorant.
Low IQ.
Self-centeredness.
Weakness.
Some people criticize me for being so wrong.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Crap.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
Seriously, I am in a closet.
In the closet.
Don't mean anything.
Hooked on phonics.
So did you ever shock up?
Yeah, I did.
Gimme, gimme, gimme.
You ask something of me and I'm out of here.
I got condemned as hate speech, suggesting that people murder me.
The sack.
Yeah.
You got big feet.
I can be touched.
Dick, dick feelings.
Dick, open the door and come in, come in.
The sullen, deep, mysterious, violent, deathly, creeping, monstrous, formless character in my mind.
Bob?
Bob is in my mind, my friends, and in Lee Murr's mind.
Fernanda Dende Lee Murr did half of those previous cut-ups we've been listening to,
although Norell Preff did the Ann Coulter, if that's who that is.
Yes, he did Ann Coulter.
And Buddy Morrow did the Bob, Pitt, and the Pendulum business there.
This is Hour of Slack number 1064.
And we're making use of subgenius-y tracks which directly unmask the conspiracy.
But before we go into that, let's go down to the Garden of Eden with Fat Harry White.
Mm.
Aargh.
Aaaargh.
Aaaargh.
Aaaargh.
Aaaargh.
Hey, baby, you be Eve, and I'll be your Adam.
Together, we'll taste the forbidden fruits of love in the Garden of Eden.
Yeah.
Aye!
I've been talking about Garden of Eden and all that.
I was talking to my old mate Bob the Gardener the other day.
Now, Bob tends to work mainly on the sloping hills of the York, Cessna, Shire Dales, right?
And he's probably the most talked about uphill gardener in the area.
Anyway, we were talking about smoking, actually.
Now, Bob's a heavy smoker, but I've not smoked a fag for years.
I'm not kidding. Last time I had a puff was about ten years ago.
I'll never forget it. It was in my bedroom on New Year's Eve.
I remember deciding to give him up and thinking,
Hey, I wonder if I'll ever taste one again.
Tell you what, not touched one since.
Now, Bob mainly smokes roll-ups with the cheapest tobacco he can buy.
But on special occasions, he always treats himself to a good rough shag.
Then, you know, sometimes he'll have the occasional 20 Super Kings.
He said he sometimes has a sneaky one in the bath when his wife Anne is in bed.
He just lies back in the bubbles, gets his king size out and pulls on it slowly.
Oh, better.
Not that his wife would mind, because she's a heavy smoker too.
She smokes up to 60 cigarettes a day.
She told me about a time once, about three years ago, when Bob tried to give her one on the back of his moped.
Just as he was about to put it between the lips, it came off by the pelican crossing, you know.
Anyway, I mean, smoking is bad for you. I advise you not to do it, you know.
But I mean, I like talking to Bob because I'm interested in gardening, you know.
In fact, I was in the back garden with Fat Aria, you know, the bread knife, the other night.
And she suggested, you know, I'd like to have a smoke.

And we built an ornamental pond in our garden.
Well, I told her, it's a great idea, it's a great idea, it's a great idea.
I mean, not only would it become the main feature of our garden, but I thought it'd be handy to stick some fish in there, which we could eat.
You know, like a couple of dozen trout, maybe the odd school of salmon.
Frogs even, you know, they're a nice delicacy, aren't they?
Hot straight onto the barbecue.
Anyway, right, me old mate Fat Larry gave me the idea.
He keeps trout in his pond.
I'll never forget the last time I was in his garden.
I was stood by the water's edge when I asked him if he'd give me one.
Ooh, talk about fresh.
No sooner had I asked him when he thrust this nine-inch slippery specimen into me hand.
Tell you what, I hadn't expected him to whip it out there and then.
I'm worried it would leave a slimy mess on me car coat.
I immediately tossed it off.
Anyway, when it came to our pond, I had a big question for Harriet.
I walked round the garden with her and asked her where, you know, she wanted me to stick it.
She said she fancied having it in the middle of the garden.
I said, I'd stick it under the lawn so all the neighbours could see.
Now, truth be known, I thought they might think we were showing off.
So I suggested we have a little one behind the greenhouse.
Well, after a little bit of persuasion, she agreed to it.
She said she didn't mind it being little as long as it was good and deep, you know.
Well, I grabbed hold of my trusty spade and said, no problemo.
And promptly set about getting on the job with my old tool clutched firmly in both hands.
It's not a new model, but though I say so myself,
I'm not sure I'd be able to get it out of the way.
Anyway, the pond was a great success.
The final touch was the three-foot ornamental bird that stuck in the middle.
I'm not kidding.
Everyone who calls always comments when they see the huge stalk I have on display.
Oh, yeah.
Come on down to the Garden of Eden, God's own garden of love.
I am your apostle of Amore.
We'll see you then.
Bye.
A fat, hairy white there from his album.
Mmm, baby.
And now, lie girls.
Feeling lonely?
Terrified?
Isolated from the world community?
Call now.
Real girls are standing by to tell you exactly what you want to hear.
Major combat operations in Iraq have ended.
The economy is growing bigger and bigger.
It's so big.
Our girls are dirty and nasty and completely shameless.
America is safer.
Terrorists are going to kill you.
Call now to enter our fantasy world of spin.
We will leave no child behind.
Clear skies.
Healthy borders.
Culture of life.
We're the coalition of the willing.
Hey, you forgot Poland.
They'll be anything you want them to be.
I'm the war president.
I'm the peace president.
I'm a uniter.
Not a divider.
I'm a cowboy.
And they'll say just about anything.
The Iraqi regime possesses biological and chemical weapons.
Mission accomplished.
Call now.
Lie Girls is where that commercial came from.
And you can actually download that at liegirls.com.
Next, Norel Gref followed by Little Abner meets the Goodyear Pimps.
And the Rudy Schwartz Project, which is also what's heard in the background music right now.
Tope Mobile beats Hot Theology.
I'm against America.
Tope Mobile beats Hot Theology.
Who first blew this CIA operative bush visiting a school in Sarasota, Florida?
September 8, 2000.
This nation will forget.
Tope Mobile beats Hot Theology.
Just as I stood up and turned,
forces didn't find weapons of mass destruction.
The administration knew it was all bogus.
Team Bush found nothing.
President Dick Cheney says there may be no evidence.
Dance, dance, dance, dance on Meet the Press.
Tope Mobile beats Hot Theology.
Tope Mobile beats Hot Theology.
Uh, Trump.

Hard not, uh, think about.
Think, think, think, think, think, think, think, think.
And, uh, would like to inflict the same kind of damage again.
Con-con-con-con-continue to hurt.
Continue to hurt.
Thank you.
Tope Mobile beats Hot Theology.
Tope Mobile beats Hot Theology.
And there was just this tremendous explosion.
One.
Trouble's at home.
Uh, a ball of fire came from, uh, behind me.
Direct hit.
Direct hit.
Thank you for the great disappointments.
Don't show your face here.
The government is tipsy.
Significant quantities of uranium.
Huh?
Too Radiant.

Tope Mobile beats Hot Theology.
Tope Mobile beats Hot Theology.
Bob is better off today.
Bob is better off today.
Tope Mobile beats Hot Theology.
Tope Mobile beats Hot Theology.
Beats ProAN.
D given.
deceasedindian.
When we continue to forget.
We will forget.
Of times forget.
We will
Do touched.
Perfect Enchilada.
And my beloved constituents of Dogpatch.
I could stand here and bask in the sunshine of your warm greeting forever.
Bask on your own time, Fogbound.
Yeah, get to the point, get to the point.
I bet you all wonder what I've been doing down in Washington these last 18 years.
We didn't care just so long as you was there and we was here.
Why?
Senator, tell them what you done done for us down there in Washington.
I done got the United States Senate to pass the Jackass Fogbound Bill.
There's no jackass like our jackass.
Through my efforts, little old Dogpatch,
obscure, unknown, poverty-stricken Dogpatch is going to be world famous.
And just what foe is we going to be famous foe? What foe?
You is going to save the lifeblood.
Of a vigorous, thriving American industry. And that's what foe.
And what industry is that, Senator?
My boy, a glorious young industry.
Devoted solely to the stimulation and relaxation so necessary for the American businessman.
An industry known as Las Vegas.
And that is why the Jackass Fogbound Committee has been chosen.
To find a new place to test them atom bombs and guided missiles?
Yes, sir.
Some place we can blow off the face of the earth.
Some spot that ain't never going to be missed.
In fact, the most unnecessary place in the whole USA.
Well, I'll be darned. How about that?
And I now has the honor and the privilege of announcing that after a four-year government survey
of all the no-good, no-account, unnecessary places in this whole country,
you has been selected as the most unnecessary of all.
Now, pay attention, you lovable citizens.
You all is going to be moved out of here by order of the United States government.
And here's the fine government scientist who will supervise your evacuation.
Citizens, meet Dr. Rasmussen T. Finsdale.
Friends, friends, we intend to move you from Dogpatch to a necessary place in our society.
Now, the first detonation will be on Wednesday.
But the evacuation will start immediately.
So good luck and thank you.
Thank you.
And so, my dear constituents, as I bid you farewell, I beg you, don't let me down.
Just remember, your government is spending one million dollars on one bomb
just to blow your homes off the face of the earth.
So show your appreciation.
Don't let Baker drag off in a pool of youth.
Don't let Baker drag off in a pool of youth.
Don't let Baker drag off in a pool of youth.
Of all the very ordinary, most unloved, unnecessary places on this earth,
they send on yours, they send on yours,
that show's your bull, they send on yours.
Dogpatch.
The greatest waste in the world is what you are.
I keep a close watch on this heart of mine.
I keep a close watch
Watch this heart of mine.
Frankly, I didn't contemplate it.
If this were a dictatorship, it'd be a heck of a lot easier.
Frankly, I'll be honest with you, I don't have any idea.
If I wanted to kill somebody, I'd take this book and beat you to death with it, and I wouldn't feel a thing.
Either you take care of him, or we will.
I mean, I'm sick. I mean, I'm sick. I mean, I'm sick.
It's a comedy. It's a comedy tragedy.
They don't protect us from killers.
They hurt us again. They want to hurt us again.
Now you do what I say.
Destroyed lives and put them in mass graves and had torture rooms.
It's good. It's good.
A long time ago, being crazy meant something. Nowadays, everybody's crazy.
Well, tell us about Washington, son.
Is it run by a bunch of crooks?
No, sir, Pappy.
And Washington's a rot-purdy town.
Why, everything's made out of big old white marble,
and you can't hardly spit without your hit.
A national shrine.
Right, Sam?
I ought to know, because I let go of a charred tobacco in a strong wind.
It ricocheted around the Washington Monument,
flew past old Abe Lincoln, and come to rest on Jefferson's Dome.
Thank heaven it didn't hit none of the Confederacy.
Sam got a five-dollar fine.
They got law up there that says you can't deface a national shrine.
The labor-wrecking monuments of opulence
and their own image in your village.
They rape and pillage. Ain't a wrinkle in that three-piece suit.
They don't bang up number at a nearly around summer.
Hunger's not a problem unless, of course, it's you.
There's plenty of distractions to harness your reaction.
There are many little factions to keep you subdued.
And the lines are always long, and there's always something wrong.
Yeah, and they always extra smug and try to blame it on you.
Ooh, they do a damn good job of running things.
Running things.
I said my ooh, they do a damn good job of running things.
Running things.
I said my ooh-ooh, they do a damn good job of running things.

I said my ooh-ooh, they do a damn good job.
I said my ooh-ooh, they do a damn good job of running things.
Well, never mind about defacing no national shrine, son.
Tell us about the government.
All them crooks.
Well, there ain't no crooks up there, Pappy.
As far as I can see, there's a very nice mess of people.
And I can tell you all this much.
The country's doing just fine.
Right, Sam?
You is so right, boy.
Them city folks and weans are pretty much alike.
Oh, they ain't used to living in the sticks.
Politics.
We don't like stone or cement.
But we is in agreement.
When we gets down to talking politics,
the country's in the very best of hands.
The best of hands.
The best of hands.
The Treasury says the national debt is climbing to the sky.
And government expenditures have never been so high.
It makes a fella cry.
Get a gleam of pride within his eye.
To see how our economy expands.
The country's in the very best of hands.
They always silence voices of dissent, regardless of intent.
They get particularly upset with individuals who speak truth.
Your voice is never counted.
If fans are butts about it, oh, you can shout it.
They'll discredit or shoot you, too.
When they incarcerate more people than any other nation and take vacations while inflation makes it hard to buy food, clothing, and shopping.




They're not the only ones who are getting paid for their work.
There's fucking things off kilter.
So fuck them all.
I pledge allegiance to me and you.
They do a damn good job of running things.
Running things.
I say now.
They do a damn good job of running things.
The country's in the very best of hands.
The best of hands.
The best of hands.
The farm bill should be 89% of parity.
Parity, another fella recommends it should be 93.
But 80, 95 percent, who cares about degree?
It's parity that no one understands.
The country's in the very best of hands.
Running thanks, I say now, ooh, ooh, ooh.
They do a damn good job, a damn good job.
They do a damn good job, I say now, ooh, ooh, ooh.
They do a damn good job of running thanks.
Running thanks.
They bring the drugs into the country, smuggle, cook, and sell crack.
That's a fact, it's a trap, and anyone that you ask will tell you.
Now, if you show them your passport, some personal stash,
they'll make you take off your shoes and get a dog to smell you.
But then your doctor slash dealer peddles dope to the fiends.
He swears his claim, prescribes it out to the mainstream.
Now, if you look, it's pretty easy to see.
And if you listen rather close, I think you'll know what I mean.
Agree?
Us voters is connected to the nominee.
The nominee's connected to the treasury.
When he ain't connected to the treasury, he sits around in his thigh bones.
They sits around in this place they got.
This big congressional parking lot.
Just sits around in there, you know what?
Up there they calls it a thigh bone.
Them bones, them bones gonna rise again, gonna exercise a franchise again, gonna tax us up to our eyes again.
When it gets them off of their thigh bones.
The country's in the very best of hands.
The best of hands.
The best of hands.
Them GOP's and Democrats, each hates the other one.
They's always criticizing how the country should be run.
But neither tells the public what the other's gone and done.
As long as no one knows where no one stands.
As long as no one knows where no one stands.
The country's in the very best of hands.
They do a damn good job of running things.
Running things.
I said ooo Oh, they do a damn good job of running things.
Running things.
They do a damn good job, a damn good job.
They do a damn good job.
They do a damn good job of running things.
Running things.
The money that they taxes us on for that?

Taxes us!
us that's known as revenues.
They compound the collateral, subtracts the residues.
Don't worry about the principal and interest that accrues.
They're shipping all that stuff to foreign lands.
The country's in the very best of hands.
The country's in the very best of hands.
I'll take a drink.
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Who spends Sunday morning praising in church,
then bans from the touchdown when he's doing God's work?
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Lift your conlandry, won't you come out tonight?
With your cowboys in heat and sweet Jesus inside.
Scrum fish on pick-up trucks,
who could it be?
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Who dance around naked with long dangling meat?
Down at the schoolyard, let the girls get a pee.
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Who says he's sorry for what he's done?
For being pre-birded and flashing his buns?
He's a good ball player.
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
He has a good rod church,
Stavro King, the governor of the state.
Illegal abortions, and white bread to eat.
Ask Jimmy Creighton, you happen to say
about the Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
I just want to kill for God.
I just want to kill for God.
I just want to kill for God.
I just want to kill for God.
I just want to kill
Who made roly-poly, roly-poly, roly-poly
Hot dang, it's spicy cheese ball
Let all them friends and neighbors come a-calling
Cause anything's good if it sits on a wrist
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus, the beast
What kind of thing is it what's got one head like Andrea Dworkin?
The other head like Bob Tilton
And two scoops of raisins
Cause that's the only way he could get it to
Sit up straight at the golden table
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus, the beast
Yip-de-tum-lun-dry, won't you come out tonight
Put your hair up in curlers before your nipple rings fly
Stretch your urethra around the sycamore tree
The Dallas Cowboys
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus, the beast
Yip-de-tum-lun-dry, won't you come out tonight
Put your hair up in curlers before your nipple rings tie
Stretch your urethra around the sycamore tree
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus, the beast
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus, the beast
Me, Jesus, and me
I'm a-driving for the touchdown score
The Rudy Schwartz Project there.
Dallas Cowboys, Jesus, and me.
That's one of my favorite songs.
And Rudy Schwartz music is also in the background of this
from his album Gunther...
Uh, what is it?
Gunther Pops a Stiffy or something like that.
But anyway, you can find more Rudy Schwartz music
at SchwartzTone.com
Yes, Schwartz, S-C-H-W-A-R-T-Z-Tone.com
And that will lead you back to www.ShiningSilence.com
slash R-S-P for Rudy Schwartz Project.
Oh yes, and now, Just John.
George Allen, welcome to America
Senator George, welcome to America
We got funny looking people with hard to pronounce names
We got senior citizens playing their board games
So step up, Senator Allen
And welcome, welcome
George Allen, welcome to America
Senator George, welcome to America
We got our neat nicks, and we got our slobs
We got Fred Phelps, and we got our Mr. George
Mickey Mouse, and Jay, or Bob Dobbs
We got wounded vets, looking for jobs
So step up, Senator Allen
And welcome, welcome
Welcome to America, welcome to America
Hey George, welcome to America
Hey George, welcome to America
We never thought you'd get here
Just John did that lovely song, George Allen, Welcome to America
You can download more of Just John's music from the website at www.justjohn.com
And now, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, working with Norell Pref.
Puerto Ricans are the same thing as Cubans, I mean, they are all very hot, they are all
very hot, hot, hot, hot.
They have the, you know, the black blood in them, and part of the, you know, the blood

in them, hot, hot, hot.
And the fact is that the, the, the, the, the, I have this kind of comments in my house by
my kids.
Hot, hot, hot.
Puerto Ricans are the same thing as Cubans, I mean, they are all very hot, they are all
very hot.
Womanizing.
Hot, hot, hot.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a girly man.
I didn't like it any better than a fan dancer likes a wind tunnel.
Well, things were beginning to move like a hula dancer with a hot foot.
Well, the whole thing blew up like a hoop skirt in the high wind.
Now there were two guys with their mouths open.
That's not funny.
Well, the payoff's about the same.
It's bad.
That's bad.
What difference does it make?
If I wanted to know what you thought, I'd give you a rectal exam.
What's that?
Can you see any need for human beings and other such things that make for unhappiness?
Of course not.
You see, when people try to understand each other, they find it's really quarreling and
name calling.
Honest it is.
Well, that gives us an opportunity to sell you something that's bigger than anything
you can buy.
The Self Genius.
For obvious reasons.
Bob.
I'm not a genius.








That doesn't look like me at all.
If you were turned inside out, that would be...
Apparently, Bob came and did something with all of us.
Praise the Father!
Quiet, I'm Scovett.
I'm broadcasting.
Lay your hands on the radio!
Lay your hands on the radio!
They're in the home and they're going to look to God!
It's not a nightmare that's going to end.
It's just beginning because it's inside me.
You have to love Bob.
I've got a feeling that I'm going to be a hero.







He loves you, but you love Bob.
You have to.
Or else what happens if you don't love Bob?
He'll kill you.
He'll bob you out.
Right now, I will give you all my money.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Why don't you just leave me alone?
I never saw anything.
I don't know what Mars is and I was never there.
Stop!
Stop!
Hey, stop!
Shut up!
You shut up!
Hey, stop!
Shut up!
Shut up!
Shut up!
Attention.
attention.
Attention.
Attention.
Attention
Who are the overlords of the UFO?
Attention
Attention
Look, if he starts this thing, he won't be able to stop it.
It's immortality.
For the price more costly than death.
Attention
The world stops spinning and the clock stops moving.
But something's still ticking and wearing on the inside.
Attention
And every time you let it go like I'm doing right now,
you can feel the wear.
I know from 342 years of experience that
time control can only go awry.
The Third World War might begin any minute and we'll all be killed.
Why should we bother about giant turtles?
Yes, maybe you're right.
I know how much you love your turtles.
But there are other things in life just as important.
Like having friends.
Our ancient legends did mention fire-eating turtles.
I did that, dear friends, using Reverend Rosna's recordings of everyone at 9X Day saying the word Bob.
It also had Byron Werner's recording of all the subgeniuses in 1982 saying Bob.
And the Bobs from the movie What About Bob?
The music was actually put together by yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And before that, we heard...

Lots of Lee Murr.
I should mention at this point that I am teaching a course on the history of the Church of the Subgenius
and how to run your own mind control cult, Do's and Don'ts.
I'm doing this online with a group called Maybe Logic Academy.
And if you're interested in that, you can find the details at
MaybeLogic.com
MaybeLogic.org
MaybeLogic are the people that put together a really wonderful feature film about Robert Anton Wilson
called MaybeLogic.
So, just...
They have this whole academy of weird hipsters teaching online courses.
And you might want to look at what's available there online at MaybeLogic.org.
So, now...
If you have any question in the comments, leave them in the comments and I'll answer

And if you have left any comment at this time, I'll do a review of it, and then 68 Degrees

So, grab a Snuffbox.
If you have any questions up to this point, feel free to leave a reply to me.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Let it rip, boys.
Hey, Blackie,
any more babes in there?
Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Shut up!
From PR News in Washington, I'm trying to
murder former housing secretaries in
several states, and in Arizona
retiring Senator Paul Sarbanes
plummeted to earth.
Wall Street down 4 off 9.
This is PR News.
President Bush is calling on voters to intensify
their resistance against the United States
after an unclaimed black
backberry pack spoke to PR News in Washington.
Children's literature. Cult, cult, cult, cult.
How does it happen? Fairy kingdom, we're in
fairy kingdom, we're in. I think we've all had dreams.
And giving up is the ultimate. The power of positive thinking.
Focus on what you don't have. Focus on how things are not how you want them to be.
Nothing in the environment supports you. Pain.
Pleasure. Pain. Settle for mediocre
lives. It's so easy, isn't it?
Why even try? You felt so jaded? Why even try?
Why even do this? Watch your coffee. Pain.
Besides the media, what else is there? Don't get too
excited. Don't get too happy. Don't expect too much. Be negative.
Look for what's wrong. Try to find something wrong
in advance. Growing wild. Why even try?
The 80s were the years of excess. We were greedy and gluttonous.
And as long as we wore stark shirts, we could
belch at the dinner table. What a wonderful party.
How unbelievably egotistical. Ego. That's absurd.
What's the problem? What do I mean? Work, work, work, work. Hey, hey.
You're gonna screw up. You're gonna be negative. You're gonna
make poor decisions. You're gonna say things you shouldn't say, do
things you shouldn't do, mess up like you shouldn't mess up.
Develop the habit of using the F word. Fail. Fail.
PR. PR. Think about it.
Experience the mediocre. Have good reason to despair.
Ignorance is bliss. People are being laid off.
It looks like a very scary thing. You get to live in fear.
Work, work, work, work, work, work, work. Pretty soon you'll fear.
Seek out and surround yourself with fear.
Give up.
Send today at
235.
AM.
Really don't care about the Middle East.
Lebanon goes on and on.
Michael Jackson's strange reactions
interest me in the least.
Could care less about Jennifer Aniston.
Don't even know who she is.
Or the latest Economic Index news.
Or whether Gibson hates the Jews.
Don't worry about any impact
at the pump or stump speeches
about welfare leeches or who's being replaced
on The View.
And I'm tired of Tom Cruise
and how much his latest
blockbuster has made
and Johnny Depp and all the rest
and just who is getting laid by whom
and corporate copyright
warfare and global
fucking warming or
child molesters publicly arrested
to give the rest of us a warning.
Don't need your flag-waving
number one war-winning ways
grinning hideously
and fastidiously patriotic
displays.
Just fuck you and the vultures of your
hateful culture war.
Fuck David Letterman
and then again all his late-night
talk show whores.
Fuck your monkey-minded
war-mongering profit-based schemes.
Your psychology,
your Scientology
and your secret 9-11 conspiracies.
And the latest small studies
transmitting their dread.
And a billion anxious distractions
filling up my head.
Shiny objects of mollification
and the shallow-headed
deification of empty
and empty.


And hollow American idols
that you worship and praise
with your very attention.
Is there anything else that I forgot to mention?
No.
Just trying to keep my own little
mental world in line
just like everybody else.
Grateful for the soap,
for toothpaste and four walls
and a bed and a warm dry place to crap
and talcum powder on my balls.
Grateful for the pill that stops my acid reflux
and grateful for deodorant
and for friends and clothes and care.
Grateful I've still got my hair and nose.
Grateful for a functioning body.
Grateful for food and bones and blood.
Grateful for the ability to walk and talk
and live and move and breathe.
Grateful for the fact someday
I will finally get to leave.
of message to repeat press 1 to save press 2 to erase press 3 goodbye
there it was just like old faithful the eternal fountain of
i took a walk straight out of town
i was alone i looked around i heard a voice so i buckled up for safety
i saw myself there on the ground a pool of sound it showed my own reflection
i saw myself there on the ground a pool of sound it showed my own reflection
in a fountain of filth it was a fountain of filth
eternal fountain of filth
i tried to run i couldn't move
out of my head the fountain shot
found me in a serum that i couldn't put a stop to
it was me myself and i locked in a struggle with the talking
everything
i was alone i looked around i heard a voice so i buckled up for safety
it was me myself and i locked in a struggle with the talking
everything i was alone i looked around i heard a voice so i buckled up for safety
i had a hunger to make me do things
i had a hunger to make me save me
i had a hunger to make me want things
i'm just a victim of filth
eternal fountain of filth
and now i'll be safe
from the power of
from the reach of
from the appeal of
eternal fountain of filth
fountain of filth
eternal fountain of filth
i had a hunger to make me do things
i had a hunger to make me save me
i had a hunger to make me want things
i'm just a victim of filth
eternal fountain of filth
and now i'll be safe
from the power of
from the reach of
from the appeal of
eternal fountain of filth
fountain of filth
eternal fountain of filth
eternal fountain of filth
i had a hunger to make me do things
i had a hunger to make me save me
i had a hunger to make me want things
i'm just a victim
fundo filter
idor undergrad
y

mi
y
Me to the bone of filth
I got a hunger that makes me do things
I got a hunger that makes me say things
I got a hunger that makes me want things
I'm just a victim of filth
Hey!
Hey!
This is the subgenius
Subgenius
Subgenius
Hour
Of
Slack
Oh thanks, Popessel
Oh thanks, Popessel
Lilith von Frau Mensch
For that great Hour of Slack spooky intro
Before that, we heard Fountain of Filth
An early song by Devo
And the phone call
The sort of depressing yet inspiring phone call there
Was by Phineas Narco
Working as Tapioca Super something
I can't even read my own handwriting
At National Cynical
The national cynical
Dot com
You can get a lot more of Phineas' work
At Midnight Voice Jail
At National Cynical
Dot com
And now, more Rudy Schwartz Project
Spushima
cza
There's a day I've been kat schwaing
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
jumbo, a boiler plate to keep our noses clean, free and clear, and our heads off the chopping
block. Because it's a dog-eat-dog world out there, yes it is, and we're not going to pretend
otherwise. That's right, and if your feet smell and your nose is running, you may want
to see if you're... You're built upside down. And you have to listen to this music forever
and ever. Yeah! Because we're almost, almost... What happened to the collar? Little collar's
still there. They like to eat on the nickel. He loves us. We're dancing with him right
now. Let's dance, collar. Come on, let's dance. Get up. Don't be shy. It's almost 5 a.m.
Rock out, man.
Hee! Hee! Hee! Hee!
Come on, Hal! Let's join in, man! Everybody!
Get up on your feet! Let's dance!
Oh my gosh, on stilts! Yeah, I didn't know I had to...
Look, I've got these kangaroo shoes. I'm going to dance with them on now.
Kangaroo shoes?
The collar's rocking out on the phone buttons. Did you notice that?
Yeah, he can.
He's doing all he can. All right!
Rocknar wouldn't do such a thing.
That's not Rocknar.
No, it's an idiot.
By the way, Popes Lilith did that new P.O. box in subgenius.com.
Your financial help is so important.
To make your donation, call...
