Bob's Bob.
Bob!
What's the trouble, Bob?
It's Bob.
That's Bob over there.
He's dead.
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
Bob, I'm sorry.
Bob says it's the last one for him.
He didn't say that.
Bob said we had to get in.
He didn't say that.
Why don't you ask Bob that?
To his face.
Hello, dear friends.
This is Dr. Gordon once again with a little bit of information for some of you newer members of our great congregation.
Praise Bob.
There has been brought to my attention, there seems to be some actual discussion and argument about what constitutes one of our most sacred rights.
And of course, dear friends, yes, I'm talking about the hallowed process of extra meditation.
Now, because we are the pink inside, but not outside, meat tubes, all of us, we consist of an alimentary canal surrounded by all sorts of things that feed off it, basically.
We put stuff in one end, it goes through a process, and it goes out the other.
It makes sense that what we put in, it's going to go out.
And if we put in bad stuff, it's probably not going to go out good.
Now, we're not getting into dietary habits or anything like that.
There's nothing we can do to persuade people to eat good things.
But first, we probably should try and teach you how to excremeditate properly.
Now, dear friends, excremeditate.




Excremeditation is often, I am afraid, confused seriously with the simple process of excretion.
And we know what that is.
But to excremeditate is not only to sit on the porcelain throne, squat over the hole in the concrete floor, hide in the bushes, kneel down by the side of the pool, whatever position you're in.

It's an extremely sometime, warm place, absolutely Rabblevelgic, bright and relaxing place that is you wish to excremeditate in.
Hopefully it's in a nice quiet chamber without all sorts of interruptions.
One should then feel the intense joy of being in excremediamn with the limited totally relaxation of your body.
Things that are already fruitless to the original- ones that left Ashes and theeri.
And then asタ lut lose it would funciona like nothing.
I guess bon 따라 What else, I possibly should mention.

And it's probably true.
Well, Podcast Is What Thisape Thatre which won't get into the video today.

chamber, assume the position and POW! And then they're gone in 30 seconds, 40
seconds. My goodness! What sort of a process is that? It's like praying
to the Buddha in high-speed Asian languages. It's like doing your prayers
to Yahweh on 98 when you recorded it on 16. Come on friends, that's not how you
excremeditate. This process of elimination must be a system of
cosmic recognition. You are what you are and that's all that you are as the great
sage said. Now, once one is in the position to excremeditate, one must think
of Bob, relax and realize that you are now
the God of the universe.
As it starts to happen, as the process of peristalsis begins to drive that inner
core of dross out of your alchemical system, as you start to pass that, you
must realize that this, this, this is what excremeditation is about. Dear friends, if
we can enjoy putting things in one end,
we must learn how to do it.
We must learn how to enjoy putting things out of the other end.
Excremeditation is a joyous experience. One must relax. Sometimes you have to read.
I understand that. Dr. Gordon has known many people who had many, many troubles
trying to excremeditate. The secret is you must not let things get in your way.
No, dear friends, excremeditation should be as smooth a process as possible.
It is not as easy as yoga or greasing up a pole to climb up to catch the magic goat.
I am telling you, sit, assume that position, breathe deeply. If you need visual stimulation,
make sure it is that related to Bob. Think about yourself, your place in the universe.
Yes, there is the moment of true excremeditation.
Yes, you are just processing food into shit like everything else in the universe.
So you are glorious, you are exalted, and like everything else, you simply don't matter.
Praise Bob!
Well, I'm a frogman, baby, diving deep down in the sea.
Well, I'm a frogman, baby, diving deep down in the sea.
Well, I have all the little fishes just to swim in.
Well, I'm a frogman, baby, diving in the ocean blue.
Well, I'm a frogman, baby, diving deep down in the ocean blue.
I want you to dive down with me, darling. I got something to show you.
I want you to dive down with me, darling. I got something to show you.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
From PR News in Washington, I'm expensive.
President Obama says he's the shortest leader and contrary to American values.
President Obama says there's no China, have made statements saying the winter solstice can't be tolerated.
President Obama says the winter solstice is back on the list of shortest.
The president says the offensive solstice is suspected of incitement against PR.
He says this is PR News in Washington.
You can't do a show about Satan unless you get all Christian-y because Satan is a Christian character.
It just goes on and on.
He's a Christian character.
Sure, it doesn't have any meaning outside of Christianity, does it?
Well, actually, Satan was mentioned in the Old Testament.
Christianity.
But he was not necessarily... no, no, the Old Testament was before Christianity.
Well, of course it was.
And...
We're saying the Christian canon as we now know.
As we now know it, I will give that to you.
Satan was a concept that the Christians used to make...
He wasn't his old self until he got to the New Testament.
Yeah, that's true.
He didn't have the horns and look like Buck naked with red paint on him.
Well, he had great privileges.
And he could go to heaven.
He could go to heaven and hang out with God.
Yeah, he was actually cast down from heaven by God.
Well, we know that, but I mean, in the book of Job, he's up there hanging out with God and making bets about Job and his ability to withstand hideous injustice and pain.
Yeah, you know, the snake that tempted Adam and Eve was not actually Satan, but it was inferred that he was Satan later on.
He was possessed by Satan.
And yet, apparently, some crime...
And yet, apparently, some crime...
He was possessed by Satan.

But this is inappropriate.
This is a timeless whopper.
This is a timeless whopper that is from time immemorial.
The snake walked upright like a human and had arms and legs.
Their whoppers were spoken as if they were...
It looked...
Resembled the dinosauroid recently.
As if they were the verity of...
Constructed by Dr. Dale Russell.
An indisputed verity of life.
These whoppers were so huge that they were insurmountable by other smaller whoppers of the day.
Burger kings, let alone burgers.
At that time.
They didn't even call them whoppers.
The Germans had burgers and the Dutch had burgers.
The kings of the earth were of great status and power.
And they could have cool whoppers and better shoes.
And nicer hats.
Action.
Well, I like the days when they had buckles on the shoes.
Yeah, pretty presumptuous.
The buckles really hold them on.
That's the way the Lord intended.
The Velcro will always...
Those Dutch guys, I like that aspect of whatever they were doing.
They suffered in the world.
They suffered in more places than any buttons.
But Velcro has to be cleaned up, you know.
And buckles have to be polished.
If it's holding your shoe on, I know this from better personal experience.
It gets all worn out.
You can't just have footwear that never wears out.
You don't have to do something to it like polishing your buckle or brushing your Velcro to get the lint out of your Velcro.
You don't have to polish your buckle.
You can let your shoes look shabby like a lot of people do.
But have you noticed if you don't pick the lint out of your Velcro over time,
it doesn't stick?
No.
Well, because it gets filled up with little bits of bra-do.
You can laugh at Benjamin Franklin's buckled shoes,
but in fact, you just put it on and buckle it, and it's on.
You don't have to sit and lace shoelaces and put them through grommets.
I will admit that a buckled shoe is...
And they look so good.
Buckle it up, and there you go.
One nation under the buckle for all.
You see, it's the next thing from...
Just a sort of a slipper that you slip on.
It actually has a strap that goes across the heel.
Well, they have a heel on them, too, and that's more than a slipper.
Yeah, the heel also helps you, but the strap is what holds the shoe.
The heel is what actually gives you an arch.
And an arch support.
Arch for men's right to go.
And your arch is completely out of touch if you don't get something done about it.
Arching over and over.
Before the end of the year, this...
Always repeat.
This...
This incentive will run out, and everyone will be out in the cold.
Once again.
Only this time.
Barefooted and buckled.
Or you can even think of it in terms of the subgenius versus the...
Hey, Dr. Hal, I have this bucket here for you.
It's...
Yeah, it's got 10,000 likes.
You can put it on.
You'll get 10,000 likes on whatever you want.
You can put it on a bike more.
Oh, yeah, some sort of fake-like incentive.
Yeah, it's a fake-like bucket.
Bucket.
A bucket of likes, Andy.
A bucket of likes.
Well, you can take that bucket and...
I just love a bucket of likes.
Lord, love a bucket.
See, not just the Johnny Kennedy conspiracy.
Dr. Hal?
Or any conspiracy.
Buy a buck-buck-bucket!
They interlock.
They are.
They are at the back of all things.
The same gigantic interlocked conspiracy.
Like the giant Lego of life.
Conspiracy from the Latin con meaning with
and spiro meaning to breathe
as in respiration, inspiration.
To be inspired is to be full of breath.
To conspire is to breathe together.
So the conspiracy and its members all breathe together.
They may not know that they are aligned in a mighty...
force against the few heroic members of the Church of the Subgenius
and its radio ministers,
but nonetheless...
That's us.
...they act like some gigantic malignant organism
breathing all together, together in throng
to oppose what subgeniuses want.
And, uh...
That's the sound of us breathing together.
What do subgeniuses want?
What do they want?
They just want extended shelf life.
You know what must the subgenius have.
Of course.
Like anybody else.
You know what it is.
I'd like to put my stuff up there and know that it's gonna be there.
Yes, it's slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack is the soft voice.
Slack, the luminous power.
The luminous cloud.
We rejoice in slack.
Slack is the opposite of tension.
Slack is leisure.
Leisure, the basis of culture.
Only in leisure can you figure out the next neat thing.
Not while you are in major trouble.
You are enmeshed in the tentacular toils of the bowels of the conspiracy.
Wearing a leisure suit.
At your meaningless job, though you may wear a leisure suit at leisure.
That gives you the pseudonymity that you need.
It is important.
It is unfortunately necessary.
Yeah, and you can play miniature golf in there too, in your cubicle.
Since we are surrounded by the fluid medium of the conspiracy,
that we breathe it a little bit.
That we kick against it a little bit.
We may have to have a conspiracy job now and then.
On our way.
Just to tickle your fancy.
On our voyage to being an art bomb and having no job.
Somehow being miraculously supported.
It is a path beset with thorns, scorpions, and orthopedic shoes.
But it can be surmounted.
You can get sucked into that life.
It is worthwhile.
Although one hears the giant sucking sound.
As you accumulate the money it takes to pay for your slack.
Taking that sinusoidal trail.
The coils of the conspiracy's bowels.
To the mountain of enlightenment.
The punchline of the pot of gold.
Now the conspiracy wants to take away your original slack.
You were born each and every one of you.
Now you can get an alert system that will tell you when the conspiracy is beginning to take away your slack.
But the conspiracy wants to take that original slack away.
Order one now.
Tell you false slack that it is manufactured.
No long term contracts.
And it wants to keep you thirsting and jonesing.
And grasping for each new laptop and palm pilot.
Each new trinket.
Each new tchotchke.
Each new iPad and iPod.
Which it assures you will complete the ring of your happiness.
But you will never be happy.
Just as Tantalus in the underworld is tortured by having food lowered almost to his parched lips.
And then when he snatched at it has it draw away.
What you think of as part of your happiness.
Will eternally draw away from you as you attempt to approach it.
This is how you know it is false slack.
A production of the conspiracy.
Bring me home and it's been a minute.
Don't say a word and I'm all a bit.
Talk to the human and the slack of me.
Back to the ball.
Doors will not open.
React with panic.
And you won't slow them down.
Just a candy pile of apples.
Some end up in trouble.
Under the weight.
Of their own kind.
Are they keeping the sense.
When they turn to surface.
So typically.
I'm a little bit.

Of our own.
For when the end is open.
Check this will be love.
For many.
When the law commits.
The precious thoughts are unstaken.
Yes it's the entrance.
And the entrance is a tunnel.
Welcome to the middle of the rain.
Welcome to the middle of the rain.
Welcome to the middle of the rain.


From NPR News in Washington.
I'm moving to the southeast.
The mid-Atlantic.
And up to southern states.
5% is not 2.5%.
Which is still pretty good.
But good numbers were not so good.
The Commerce Department says 7 tenths of a good percent.
After an expected good number fell.
NPR News.
On Wall Street.
85, 85, 18, 18, 18, 10, 10, 44, 47, 72, 4, 20, 83.
It appears reports at a bus station.
And another at a market.
Civilians scattered body parts around the area.
This is gross domestic product.

The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The

The

Hey, Berkeley, oldest of the subgenius radio shows, had Dr. Hal Robbins and Dr. Phyla Drummond discussing Satan's Shoes and Slack.
The Winter Star Ball last night at the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland was a big success.
We saw at least 100 old friends, and I do mean old in some cases.
Princess Wee sang in three different bands, and I introduced each of nine bands and conducted a raffle to benefit Ace and the Jeff Rosenbaum Memorials,
which managed to involve so many numerological coincidences that if you were a numerology kook or suspicious, you'd think it was all rigged by aliens.
Anyway, we had a great time, but we are post-toasties.
We used up all of our vim and vigor before Dirtbag.
We're a might peaked.
Plus, we had no idea what to expect here at the station, technically, since big changes have been happening.
So we're going to slack off tonight while playing some choice cuts from puzzling evidence shows with Dr. Hal and Dr. Phyla Drummond,
interspersed with some recent original new music from contributors.
The puzzling evidence pieces were all isolated and culled by Reverend Baby Bear,
because editing puzzling evidence clips requires great patience.
But it's well worth it, my friends, so slap on those skull clamps and listen some more.
I was leaving my hotel bedraggled and sleepless or sleep rumpled.
Maybe it was yesterday, I don't know, in a fog of sleeplessness.
Was it you that left, or was it something just looking like you?
I was confronted by a furious group of normals in a van who started asking us about that face on our clothing.
And they were saying,
You mean you're Trekkies, right?
No, madame, not in any sense.
We are members of the Church of the Subgenius.
Subgenius? What's that? Does it mean you're stupid?
Well, indeed it may. There's no point in ruling it out.
But as mentioned before, subgenius does not really have anything to do with intelligence and hardly anything to do with stupidity.
Subgenius, when you parse the word,
merely means that each one is under,
the prefix sub indicates his own genius.
And the word genius has an alternative meaning that you will find in the dictionary,
cognate to the word genie.
You have to look in that dictionary to understand.
Because there are spiritual powers in this twisted and tormented world.
The conspiracy doesn't agree that any of them exist.
It can't make money from them.
But we, members of the Church of the Subgenius, are occasionally able to make money from them.
Even these.
The subgenius is one who acts under his or her own genius.
I wish I still had my giant chicken.
Rather than at the behest of the conspiracy.
To the conspiracy you are a chicken.
To be factory farmed and commodified.
I think the giant chicken had more to die.
As in hideous,
the concentration camp in Blue Lane, one of those typhoon camps.
Where giant chickens die an unspeakable death.
And they have to get rid of those giant chickens.
The giant chicken gizzards.
And how do you think they do that?
Oh those are delicious.
You don't get rid of those.
Giant fried chicken gizzards.
The gizzards are wonderful.
That's a wonderful part of the bird.
There's plenty of use for the gizzard.
It's not so much use for the...
Don't make light of the gizzard folks.
There are other things that are less...
What about the heart and the livers?
Well the heart is also good.
I'm not particularly fond of the liver.
But the heart and the gizzard are quite good.
I know somebody who recently got...
...tomain poisoning from eating old chicken livers.
The toads?
They got...
...poison from eating the toads of a chicken.
He ate two week old chicken livers.
Oh it's a chicken liverish world out there.
Or something like that.
Two month old chicken livers.
...the best house.
Still cannot accommodate those who do not care for the taste of liver in any way.
Yes that's true.
But some people can...
But some people like the liver.
...they can eat anything.
Even old things.
I haven't had that in a long, long time.
How about beef tongue?
Did you like liver and onions?
I know it's so funny how they used to eat...
I know.
It's good though right?
...the huge tongue in the refrigerator.
But you eat it with a little bit of mustard in it.
So you cut off a slice.
It's quite good.
I've never missed...
Why would it not be good?
I've never missed the liver and onions.
That's what's so strange when I find myself wretched.
My dad used to always demand my mom that.
Maybe the onions make the liver more better.
He demanded?
He loved liver and onions.
Well they both did.
I did too as a kid.
I loved it.
Yeah.
It was so weird tasting.
And I can remember coming in the house and it had this weird smell and it always had
this weird texture and...
Can't we just go back to regular meat?
Yeah.
And so at some point...
I don't know.

I ate onions?
At some point I ate my last liver and I don't even remember when it was but I decided at
some point...
That's it.
...I never have to have it again.
That's right.
That's it.
Something I'll never miss.
My dad really liked that about rhubarb and I really liked it.
He had some of the...
Oh more rhubarb about...
Lizard.
The lizard liver was good.
Lizard liver?
Those are fighting words.
But...
Some people eat radley seeds.
I've got so many tomatoes on my cherry tomato vine right now that I'm about to get tired
of tomatoes.
Just about the beginning...
I can't imagine what you eat.
Well but you can't.
You have to eat.
You can't eat them.
You've got to keep eating them.
They're so good.
You've got to keep eating them.
You can't let up.
That's a task.
Those loved apples.
You have to strive to...
Don't you consider those to be possible agents of poisoning and evil filters and potions?
You're talking about the tomatoes?
Yes.
I am.
I am.
I'm talking about them.
They were thought until fairly recently...
Tomatoes have little families and names and stuff.
...to be poisonous and not consumable by humans.
So you're biting their little brains when you eat them?
Not only that.
I'm not sure.


I'm not sure.



What right do you have to do that?
What right?
Yeah.
Cool, we're bigger.
We're bigger and stronger and have more money than the tomatoes so that's how we win.
I think it's called the right of might.
Yes.
Well don't you...
I have the will.
Don't go there because they already did that on Over the Edge.
It's the right of the might of will.
Right.
Right.

Right.
Right.
Right.

Right.


Right.



Right.
Right.
Right.


It is.
There is.




No sign of a leak, but they're not used to that, emphasize the fact that they've
got the high frequency, and said they could fight eating jelly.
escucha la per algum dato que aquellos garradicos testimonian queائ thick nueva
y Nvidia server dispitate of something with a browser and one with a presence note.
I don't get why.
They gave their lives to science
To see what they could see
Becoming an appliance
At one with technology
The years stand in defiance
To all that we achieve
And like all other giants
They were tossed into the sea
Scanners live in vain
Can you feel the pain on our eyes?
Tell me what we gain
Who will stop the rain?
A game of rat and dragon
Will lead you to defeat
So don't you go ragging
As you're in the driver's seat
Erase your station wagon
Down every dead street
They simply drop the flag
And you will both be obsolete
Scanners!
Scanners live in vain
Can you feel the pain on our eyes?
The burning of the brain
Tell me what we gain
Scanners live in vain
They will're wasting every slot
The how some choose to pasa
The slows wellbeing

Ocultộ
Others late
They willse because

Scanner!
Scanner!
Scanner!
Scanner!




oh
Scatter
to me
the man
like Captain Kirk in Star Trek
aboard
the Enterprise
surrounded
by your
high tech fantasy
without surprise
while jacking
in your tape deck
you listen
to these lies
and fizzle
like a
heretic
like a
comet
in demise
Scatter
to me
the man
like Captain Kirk in Star Trek
worth
one
thousand
years
saving
but
like
Climax
scat
after
three
of
us
removing
the
man
We gain
On you
Feel the pain
Sky does
Live
In
The rain
situations
There could be
A bit
But she
Never


This
Round





just
where
in
lo
ab
everything
we
Anyone who's ever thought of drawing cartoons has probably looked at those books that say,
Everybody can draw cartoons.
I'm looking at one now, Dr. Howe.
It's really simple.
Draw a circle, and then you draw a vertical line.
And then in about 15 minutes, you are completely bored with it, and you throw it over.
But all these books have one thing in common.
They contain a diagram which allegedly represents how to draw in perspective.
And this is invariably a picture of railroad tracks stretching away to a point on the horizon.
A point which they call the vanishing point.
With telephone poles.
Yeah, telephone poles.
The horizon is always drawn at the head of your characters, at eye level,
because the horizon is the same as everyone's eye level.
And these railroad tracks do appear to draw away into a point.
And throughout your life, you are rushing down these tracks,
toward that vanishing point.
But there comes a time, and it grieves me to tell you this, it really does.
I don't want to bring anybody down.
I know everyone listening is having a good time.
But there comes a time when, as you look forward from the train,
you will see, by God, they do come to a point.
And that point is coming closer and closer.
And the train is going to derail.
It'll go off the tracks, because the tracks will be too thin, too close together.
Too narrow.
The rails are no longer wide enough.
Right.
And after that point is over,
you're oblivion.
The abyss of nothingness.
It is your job, your duty as a subgenius to indulge in what we call time control.
Yes, you don't have to go pell-mell down this track.
You can goof off.
You can bloviate.
You can loaf.
You can use your divine subgenius essence.
You can climb a tree.
And put it to the test.
Because time is nothing you should have to consider.
It's slack that you should consider.
You can suppress an angry girl.
Time is a thing of dragonflies and angels.
The former live too little, and the latter live too long.
You can get drunk.
Or sue me.
But you will live your abhorrent span, either in slacknessness or in thirstless grasping
for the conspiracy's worthless udders.
It's a sad business, ladies and gentlemen.
I've simply laid it out for you a little bit.
Yes, you have.
You've kind of laid it out a bit.
I'm just trying to explain to you what the end of the world is.
Now you can seek an intimate connection with the world.







You'll see when you own an duvet or When you own a great sauvalier.








I thought you were going to say I was a recruiter into the church of this up to you.
Of this cult leading activity that's so popular with the kids these days.
You know, these kids do it.
They want to do it.
They were there.
You saw they want to do it.
They need that leadership.
It has nothing to do with us enticing them.
They're willing young things.
They just can't wait.
Yeah, they do this entirely on their own.
And I'm glad they do because it's something to look forward to.
Well, one thing that helps the kids, they know that they're making the green in the future brighter.
They are.
It will be a brighter color of green.
Some of them are rather bright.
Others are unregenerate to backwoods.
It's as if they took the green and they applied a brightness filter to it.
Massive, high functioning.
Yeah.
Just rearев.




I hope you enjoyed the video.
Thanks for watching!
For more videos like this,
be sure to subscribe to my channel.
Thanks for watching!
For more videos like this,
be sure to subscribe to my channel.
Thanks for watching!
For more videos like this,
be sure to subscribe to my channel.
Thanks for watching!
For more videos like this,
be sure to subscribe to my channel.
Thanks for watching!
For more videos like this,
be sure to subscribe to my channel.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Science lesson.
Yeah, and it's interesting.
You read about what we were talking about last week,
that Wilkes Land event, that giant mass con,
the asteroid that hit at the end.
Yes.
Certain parts of the Earth, like certain parts of the moon,
have different gravity and different density.
They also speculate that that's when Australia took its shift
and some of the plate tectonic activity was stimulated very heavily
by that.
That asteroid impact.
And we're still feeling the ripple effects of it today.
And the other ones, as the continents move very, very slowly.
But it's just like a leaf floating on a lake.
If you toss a rock in next to it, that leaf is going to move
and it's going to go in another direction.
You must have seen all those pictures I posted of Balls Pyramid Island
sticking out of the Tasman Sea.
Right, right. I love that.
It's so beautiful.
Bizarre looking.
But it is only the top peak of a giant sunken continent called Zealandia.
Yeah, right.
That is in the ocean off the, in the waters of New Zealand,
shark infested area.
But only a few parts stick out, but they're very bizarre.
I showed the picture of Balls Pyramid Island to Cheryl in Connolly
and she immediately said, Photoshop.
Oh, yeah.
Nothing.
Nothing could look like that.
But no, it does look like that.
And it's even weirder than that because it's thin like a knife blade.
Tell the audience what that is again.
Balls Pyramid Island.
Balls Pyramid.
B-A-L-L-O-P-S-P-Y-R-A-M-I-D-I-L-A-N-D.
Can you get a picture of it on your magic screen there?
Balls Pyramid.
Because that is where the surviving giant phasmid insects were found.
Right.
The big, the big.
The big bugs that there was only a few of.
They were under one bush on Balls Pyramid Island.
The horribly awesome things that live on Balls Pyramid.
Yeah, here's an image of Balls Pyramid.
Can you see it?
Yeah, I'll show you here.
Yes.
The thing is, it looks like, it looks like something like King Kong's Island or something.
It just looks too amazing to exist.
But then if you get an aerial view of it, it's...
It's thin.
It's like a giant knife blade sticking a thousand feet out of the ocean.
Oh, that's a good shot of it.
Yeah.
That's beautiful.
And it's very difficult to land on.
There's no beach.
No, it's vertical.
The cliff's just going up.
And the sea is full of very aggressive sharks there.
Nonetheless, scientists around the turn of this century did manage to land on it and do some exploration.
And that's when they discovered that the giant tree lobsters, as they were called,


were not extinct, but still living in a small relic population on the island,
which the scientists immediately scooped up and seized.
They left some of them there, didn't they?
They didn't take all of them, did they?
They took them all.
The first ones they took died.
So they came back and they took the rest.
But, but although that sounds bad...
Didn't they go back and put some on there?
You'd think they would.
However, it's hard to get there, you know.
Then they go all the way back and put them back.
The thing is, they...
have started a breeding program and now they've bred thousands of them, as you must know.
Someday we'll bring them in and...
Well, you see...
...give them a little education.
They also used to live on Lord Howe Island nearby.
I forget how many miles away.
18 miles away or something like that?
Yeah, you can see it in the distance.
That's Lord Howe in the distance there in that one shot that you've got.
Yeah.
There, uh, it...
in, was it the 1920s?
Look at this one.
You see Lord Howe in the background.
Ground cloud covered.
Boy, that's beautiful.
Not awesome.
Of course, I'll never be there in my life, but...
how wonderful it would be to be on that sea and see...
Look at that, Doug.
Doug thinks it's cool.
The ocean-bright blue and the spire-like sphere of, uh, balls, pyramids sticking up out of the ocean.
There's another island there, too.
So, nearby.
You see, it was, I think, in the 1920s that the British freighter Mogambo ran aground on Lord Howe Island.
And while they were fixing it or just dithering around, huge rats escaped.
Look, it does look like there's a tiny little beach there. Look where those wave action is.
I see, but still it would be hard. You'd still have to climb vertically.
Right.
So the rats devoured all the peaceful, slow-moving giant insects and they became extinct on Lord Howe.
But on the nearby Ball's Pyramid, they managed to survive.
It's also said that they show unusual sentiment and sympathy for their own kind.
Many insects are not what you'd call...
Social.
Social.
Social besides the sense of...
Other than their hive mind.
The hive mind.
Yeah.
But the giant insects of Ball's Pyramid and Lord Howe Island tried to protect themselves from the invading scientists.
The males would throw their legs over the females and try to protect them from being scooped up.
But science scooped up both males and the females.
And now, where is it? The Auckland Zoo?
They have a breeding program. They've bred thousands and thousands of them.
I don't know, but Ball's Pyramid is the remnants of a long-dead volcano.
From the sunken continent of Zeelandia.
Yes.
1800 feet high.
It's high, all right. And thin in cross-section. And it seems to come to a point at the top.
For years, this place had a secret at 225 feet above sea level, hanging on this rock surface.
With that one bush.
There is a small, spindly little bush. And under that bush, a few years ago, two climbers working in the dark found something totally improbable hiding in the soil below.
A huge insect.
Out back there, we still don't know.
But they're nice insects. They're... you know, they used to call them tree lobsters back when they... before they became extinct on Lord Howe.
And now they're going to be re...
Re-insects.
They're stocking Lord Howe. In fact, they may have done that already.
They've created a population of tree lobsters, installed them on Lord Howe, and exterminated the black rats, which have also been reproducing ever since the Mogambo ran aground.
So there you have it.
Also, I like their legs. They look like they're wearing pants. They're very unusual insect structures.
Very nice.
They look like they've got trousers on.
Pants like trouser legs.
Oh, I didn't look... look...
It all shows to go, yeah.
Yeah.
Alright, do a search on Lord Howe Island stick insect.
That's H-O-W-E.
And I think it'll come up an image. They even have a grizzly close-up of the face of one of these...
Oh, yeah. See, they're crawling on that guy. I'd like a pet giant tree lobster to crawl on me.
They don't look like a lobster.
Well, they... that's what they were called by these...
islanders who were descendants of English convicts who lived there.
There's a bloody tree lobster.
Yeah, 1918, a supply ship, the Mogambo...
Oh, it was 1918. Yeah, it was before the 20s.
...ran aground, and the rats... one passenger drowned, but the rest were put ashore.
It took nine days to repair the Mogambo, and during that time, some black rats managed to get on the island...
That's all it takes.
...where they enjoyed their delicious new rat food, giant stick insects.
Look at those things trying to get away. They can't move as fast as the rats.
Two years later, the rats were everywhere, and the tree lobsters were all gone.
All gone.
Totally gone.
Extinct. Defunct.
After 1920, there wasn't a single sighting.
By 1960, the Lord Howe stick insect, Dryococelus australis, was presumed extinct.
So they have only officially announced that in 1960.

Yeah. Even though they didn't see a single sighting.
But now, the species has come roaring back. Dryococelus australis has been given new life by interfering humans who have tried to rectify their ancient injustice.
Oh, come on.
Yeah, they must have said what zoo they were breeding them in. They've bred up a huge, swarming mass.
What they don't say is they don't admit the fact that those insects could have also been on Ball's Pyramid at the same time.
Oh, they must have been.
That they didn't leave Lord Howe Island and make it over to Ball's Pyramid as a survival mechanism.
You see, I'm sure they themselves are ancient survivors of the lost life forms of the now sunken land of Zeelandia.
Yeah.
And since these two bodies never sank, they lived on the land.
They lived on them.
Right.
And then the humans caused them to become extinct on the livable one, which is Lord Howe.
And they managed to bumble along under a tiny bush on the pyramid, which is so hard to get to.
Well, they didn't have any predators except for birds, maybe. I don't know.
Until scientists came and started scooping them up.
Ah.
Oh, this is a strange world we live in.
I want my own pet giant phasmid insect, like that guy has in the picture.
Yeah.
Look at him grinning and there's bugs crawling over him.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
He's got a lovely pair of tree lobsters there.
Well, they're sucking at you, kid.
They're harmless.
Absolutely harmless.
Or so we've been taught.
You can allow them to crawl into bed with you.
They'll do nothing.
Or so we're told.
You can go to sleep with them crawling freely in your bedroom and no harm will come to you, they say.
But how about harm that'll come to them, huh?
When you wake up, your diggy dog or kitty cat will have killed your pet tree lobster.
So sad.
Some people call Zelandia Tasmanthus.
Yeah, like it's the Tasmanian Atlantis, right?
Tasmanthus.
That's pretty good.
Tasmanthus.
Zelandia always sounded better to me.
What does it say about Zelandia there on your magic box?
Well, it says it's a nearly submerged continental fragment that sank after breaking away from Australia 60 to 85 million years ago,
having separated from Antarctica between 85 and 130 million years ago.
You see, it sank during the late Mesozoic, during the age of dinosaurs.
It may have completely submerged about 23 million years ago, which was a little bit after the Mesozoic.
Oh yes, that's much after, but it's been slowly sinking.
You see, they don't generally sink overnight.
93% of it remains submerged beneath the Pacific Ocean.
Oh, I wish I had the money to travel.
I'd get a ship together with Captain Englehorn and we'd go sailing down, I mean steaming down there.
Forward march!
Well, it's about the size of Greenland.
Greenland is fairly large.
It's unusually slender, stretching to mid-town.
It's about the size of New Caledonia in the north, beyond New Zealand's sub-Antarctic islands.
So there's quite a temperature range, including into the lower temperatures for these land masses.
Another reason why they don't teem with life.
It also gives those insects even more...
I guess they would burrow in the ground under their bush and survive the cold.
This would be a great place for the, you know, folks like Prince Namor,
the sub-genius...
The sub-mariner.
The sub-genius sub-mariner, yes.
To be his kind, would love to live here because it has these nice rises.
I'd like to live there just because the view is so spectacular.
Of course, there are the sharks.
You've been listening to the sub-genius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to P.O.
Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 or see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob!
