Well, boys, I reckon this is it.
The Self-Genius Power of Swatch.
Now, I want all privately owned radios to be immediately impounded.
After you've done that, report back to me.
Ah, dear friends, last episode was all new and pretty serious.
This one is pretty old and very cosmic.
It's not, however, a rerun, but more like a long-lost classic recently unearthed.
I found the master recording of an ESO Swamp Radio and Brain Rot Theater show
that I had sat in on while visiting.
I was visiting WCSB in Cleveland in July of 1994,
long before I'd moved there.
I didn't really know the host, the late Professor Chaz Smith,
or his regular guest, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, all that well then,
or even Princess Wee, who was just my buddy then.
But we were all young and in our prime with the fire in the belly,
and it really shows in shows like this.
I've used the P.S.
of it before on Ancient Hours of Slack,
numbers 455 through 457,
which were rerun again a few years back,
but it was all chopped up and besmirched and intercut with other tracks,
which was fine then,
but this recording actually stands alone just fine,
probably much better,
and this is certainly a superior reproduction of the original master recording.
It was, in fact,
two hours long,
and will probably run the second hour next week.
Here, then,
is a remarkable historic document,
the original master recording of the July 1994 ESO Swamp Radio Show
from WCSB,
which contains, among other epic things,
the uncut improv session later called Lonesome Cowboy Dave in Space,
not to be confused with Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
Cowboy Dave in Hell,
or Lonesome Cowboy Dave in Neighborworld.
Praise Bob,
praise Chaz and Dave.
Oh, and by the way,
I think all the music is being performed live at the station.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.






Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Men of Earth, seize all atomic testing.
90,000 TV channels will praise Bob.
Bob.
The day when they pass out sandwiches in little yellow trucks,
there'd be one smiling face standing out there.
It'd be the face of J.R. Bob Dodds, handing out plasma bags to children in need.
All the children in Joker Town go to buy their plastic bags from Bob.
No wonder.
They don't have any souls.
They don't have any souls on the shoes of their feet.
They walk around flapping around like little clowns in a circus,
but they're happy all the time.
That ice cream truck has got the right stuff.
The best kind of frozen plastic bags.
Bob could sell plastic ice cream bags in Joker Town.
He could sell ice to Eskimos.
And he could sell...
Eight.
Even to a subgenius.
Bob Dodds sold ice to Eskimos.
He sold the plans to the Brooklyn Bridge.
He sold the Brooklyn Bridge.
He'd been around the world a thousand times.
He'd sold more things than you'd ever seen, buddy.
He was born to sell.
He was born to sell.
Yeah, he got to start selling lightning rods.
He'd sell a family of lightning rods,
and then he'd pray down a lightning bolt to demonstrate.
Usually worked.


Usually worked.
These ain't the old ways.
You get them coming both ways.
You get them coming and going, see?
Now, that's the old school.
That's not a con job.
That's not a con job, see?
That's just giving people what they want.
What they want, see?
You gotta give them what they want.
You gotta give them what they want.
It's just that they have to be told what they want,
and that's what we're here for, friends.
We just want to tell you this.
We want to tell you what you want.
Of course, we're gonna hint around about it,
because we can't just come out and say it.
It wouldn't do you any good to learn it that way.
No, you need instructions.
You must be carefully instructed.
You must listen.
You must pay attention.
You must close your mind to all extraneous thoughts.
Now listen.
Begin.
Now listen.
We just want to ease you into it, kid.
You know, it can backfire if you try to go too far too fast.
Too much too fast.
Look what happened to him.
Look at that pathetic excuse for a biped.
Sad, ain't it?
It could happen to you, too.
So that's why we...
You know, we don't want to hurt you.
And we don't want the lawsuits.
So you'll just have to be patient.
Understanding, or in this case, its opposite,
can only be imparted over a long period of time,
unless you're spending a lot on it.
But we could probably turn you on to it real fast.
If you wanted to, you know, pay for the plane ticket to Malaysia,
or the plane tickets to Malaysia.
Malaysia.
This music reminds me of the lovely old folk songs
that the natives there in Dobstown
and the jungles outside of Dobstown in Malaysia used to play
while the bobbies work out in the fields.
Well, they turn yak butter.
Some of them get around and start dancing and sing that Malaysian folk song
while they're turning the butter, and their feet would just get all sore.
Well, Bob and Gordon would sit up there with a hot buttered rum martini
being fanned by sycophants,
taking the occasional pot shot at anything that moved out in the jungle just for fun.
An infamous potpourri.
Do you mean an infamous potpourri?
A lavish land where everyone laid everything at everyone's feet at all times,
where there was no room for any kind of incidents.
No sense of pain or miscreant feeling.
Everything was according to plan.
What a super sumptuous planet it was.
It was a sumptuous planet.
We fed well on it.
Now it's used up.
We'll have to move on.
Edamame!
Move on!
Yee-haw! New planet!
I can't breathe!
Yeah, I was gonna go on a planet diet, but I decided to put it off till tomorrow.
I thought I was gonna chew cosmic holes, big pieces of black debris,
coming down my gutter every day, every minute, every hour.
I'd keep on eating until everything was gone.
I'd chew all the matter up. I'd chew into empty space.
That's... it's God's will.
He said be fruitful and multiply and eat up everything and overpopulate
until you turn the planet over on its side from the weight of sheer humanity.
And then start eating.
And just dig in, folks.
That's a pensive, mighty good planet.
Just dig right in.
I mean, look, I'm eating the lizard, too.
Now, what else is there around here?
Mars. No, that didn't taste that good.
Kind of dry.
Venus. No, that's bitter.
It's bitter.
Kind of got a bad tangle.
It needs, like, send of one in cheese.
Stop it!
Look, Jupiter!
No, yes, no.
Hey, let's... give me that salt.
All right!
Let's see how Jupiter tastes with some salt on it.
Oh, la, la.
Quelle saveur.
Mm-mm, le saveur de Jupiter.
Le grand bleu d'or.
I want the red spot.
I'll get the red spot.
I'm feeling a little bloated.
I, I, I...
The planet eaters.
Sometimes their brains were no bigger than the average peanut.
A few of them gathered around Greek concubines and argued theology.
They weren't made for the task at hand.
They weren't really a warrior clan.
They didn't enjoy eating planets, per se.
It was, it was a hobby that had to be fulfilled in some traditional mission.
But they continued.
They, they persevered begrudgingly.
They had to.
And even after their great bulk became so vast that their own bones could not support them
and they had to be fed planets by the planet delivery angels.
Planet delivery.
I mean...
Mount Olympus.
Yep.
Went downhill.
After Dobbs moved it to Malaysia.
Kidnapped.
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls.
Huh?
This is ESO Radio.
And, uh, my name is Chas.
And, there are some people in the studio tonight that will be speaking.
They are going to go on an adventure.

And there you are.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
That's me.
The Reverend Ivan Stang.
That's me.
And...
Oh, I'm the Princess We Are Doe.
And the mighty Princess We Are Doe
will be connecting their synapses
and flying at an altitude of 50,000 feet above the surface of the moon,
which is just high enough to be snagged up by the Columbia
if something should go wrong.
So don't fear.
Oh, the moon is just a condiment.
It's just the onion we put on the great bun of Earth.
The onion ring.
Just a little piece of chutney we put on the window loop.
Just a little tiny spicy taste to add to the rest.
The fun number...
is 6873515.
And maybe I will answer it.
And maybe I won't.
But I probably will.
And he is the finest chef.
He adds just the perfect species to each planet
that will create the most toxic hell runoffs
from industrial pollution and so forth.
They're just the flavors we most enjoy
in a fine, fine steaming hot bowl of planet.
This is not the perspiration they drop in the pan.
The perspiration from his nipples.
Now, this is a real, real toxic waste of every kind
to add to the...
Ultimately, I suppose the dish is a nice soul.
It's cultivation of a nice human.
You don't want to say, but a human, mostly soul, right?
Human soul.
Yes, with nipples, as you say.
Oh, again, the work of my...
Your transmission.
Be good.
This is the radio check.
Over.
Over.
We are flying over Mars,
and the mountain appears to be in the shape of a gigantic pipe.
We would call it a pipe shape.
Like a pipe.
Like, you know, a smoking pipe.
What's the white stuff on the pipe?
I think it might be creamed glass or something.
It's a volcanic pipe on the surface of Mars.
That's where the comet hits.
And when it hits, it throws out those...
That's the ash that builds up on the rim of the volcanic Martian pipe.
I bet the cool...
Can we go close now?
Because I'm getting very hungry.
I want to eat the babnos.
At the pub.
Anyway, we go down there.
The whipped cream is spewing out of the volcano.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, my God.
It's all...
Oh, my God.
It is a fiery dottle of...
Of hot whipped cream.
I think that's more than...
Our computer shows the pipe-shaped volcano
to be 50 times the height of Mount Everest,
the earthly Himalayas.
This is so exciting.
I can't remember.
Are you awake?
Oh, look.
Oh, look.
Oh, look.
I think the face, he look like he smile or something.
There's some kind of stupid look on the face.
It has...
The entire plateau...
Seems to coincidentally appear as if it were a gigantic sculpture of a smiling human face.
See, that's what I told you.
You can look in my mouth.
You look, it's for real.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
You're right.
It's right.
We consider this, though, simply a geological...
Martian geophysical anomaly similar to the so-called Pee Wee Herman face on Mars
and the alleged Elvis face.
Obviously, superstitious people will see these same things in clouds.
I, myself, saw Jimi Hendrix in the clouds just the other night.
Oh, I get that one.
That was back on Earth.
Here we are, stuck in this tiny tuna can,
spinning endlessly through the black depths of space.
Broadcasting to any pilgrims down below,
settlers on the planets of this solar system as we fly by.
Coagulation pills will begin taking effect in about five minutes,
so just sit back and relax and enjoy the rest of it.
Your body will feel just fine in a few minutes if you don't relax.
Take your three doses of Chen.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Three.
And.
Eleven hundred.
Thank you.
The tuna fish cans marked Bob Tuna with the large pipe monogram on the outside
are not fit for consumption at this time because there's been some sort of mix-up with the commissary there,
so please just relax and enjoy one of the cakes or some pie.
Here's Planet Pizza.
I'd like to order a Planet Pizza, if you please.
Okay.
One Planet Pizza.
Would you like anchovies on that?
Of course, I'd like a lot of continents and seas and oceans and all that's usual, you know,
just make it one of the planet lovers special.
Let's see.
There's no object.
I'd like to order three of them.
Three.
Three Planet Pizzas.
You want those populated planets?
Of course.
Post-industrial or pre-industrial?
I mean, do you want a dinosaur-type planet or do you want a human-type planet?
Is this 759-6705-4321?
Yes.
Oh, well.
Is that Visa or MasterCard?
I'm not quite sure which, but the money is new.
Get it rolling, please.
I'm terribly hungry.
Well, that Planet Pizza will be there in 30 minutes or it's free.
Well, that's an absolute record time.
I would appreciate it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Thank you for your order.
And thank you for your organs.
We want you to remember when you order some of the new pie that we have going for us over here at Rex and Wendy's Pizza,
that free delivery, not only you'll get for a planetary pizza of your own choice,
you also get, I think it was macaroni salad and also some soda you get, too.
And what?
We'll be sending that little almond-eyed gray humanoid around to your door to collect those organs.
Snappy.
He'll be in the cute little uniform, so don't be afraid.
They're your friends.
They're here to help.
They're our brothers from the stars.
You should believe anything they whisper into your ear in the dead of night as you try to sleep.
Whisper, whisper, whisper.
They're your friends.
They're your friends.
They want to help.
They want to teach humanity and lead us into a new age of enlightenment under their gray jackboot.
Whisper, whisper.
Now listen, now listen, now listen, now listen, now listen.
If you wake up in a vat of poison with little aliens standing around outside the vat,
wrapping, tying napkins around their necks, sharpening their knives and forks,
be glad.
Be glad.
Because you've just fell into the hands of the good aliens.
The bad aliens are far, far worse.
Whoa.
Oh, they're not like the thing.
That was a cuddly little Benji of an alien compared to what we're...
They aren't like aliens in that movie Aliens.
Those are silly little werewolves among monsters compared to what we're talking about.
What is in the box?
What we're talking about is more like what's growing in your refrigerator right now.
That's what you're having.
That's what it looks more like.
What is this?
The effect is it turns you into the alien.
But man, take my word for it, it's worth it.
It's great, man.
It's cool.
You'll love it.
I feel so much better now that I can sleep.

It's for your own good.
It's like I got rid of the program.
I feel so much better.
I feel so much better.
I don't need that anymore.
I don't need that anymore.
I don't need that anymore.

What's the matter?
Are you afraid?
What's the matter, you chicken?
Come on, man.
Everybody's doing it.
Go ahead.
Stroke the alien and collect the dew that builds up on the side of its neck like appendage.
Go ahead.
Now demagnetize it.


Now demagnetize your head.
Okay.
I think you know what to do next.
I don't think you're the kind of listener that I'd have to explain that to, now are
you?
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Yeah, I think they know just what I'm talking about.
Oh, they like it too.
Oh, they're first in the...
Yous, I don't know what to do next.
You stand up on the floor.





You stand on the hillside with your bat call and blow into the bat call.
Don't try to...
It's not like a moose call or a duck call.
You can't hear it.
I don't know what to do next, honey.
Yeah, but it's super...
This is superfluous cock.
I'll give you the wrong name.
And just make sure you've got your antidote pudding ready for when that bat lands on your
face.
You're going to have to use that pudding mighty quick.
That antidote, really?
But it's worth it.
You'll dig it.
Well, I don't know.
I don't know.





I'm kind of scared.
Well, it's always scary the first time.
That's part of the kick, man.
Oh, okay.
Come on.
Everybody's doing it.
I ain't never going to do it.
I'm too old to do it.
Aren't you susceptible to peer group pressure?
I mean...
I'm too old for it.
What are you, some kind of a weirdo?
Yes.
No, I'm not a weirdo.
I want to be like everyone else.
No, no, no.
Good.
Then you'll take this little alien home and...
I am a weirdo.
I mean...
Stop rubbing your legs.
I'm coming.






I don't think there's a reason for her to be confused.
It's something you find when you open the door.
You take these keys, and one of the keys says Bob on it.
You stick it in the lock, and you open up the door.
And if you're lucky, the green carpet rolls out.
And if you're not...
The red carpet rolls out.
That was 1959.
I think it was.





I was in the basement in the church in Akron.
I was at work in St. Helens, Constantine's church.
And then there I saw this pipe.
It was by the furnace.
I had to fix the furnaces.
It took me four and a half hours to fix this one damn furnace, and it blew my leg off.
And there was this pipe.
And this pipe was always lit.
I swear to God, I swear to Jesus, God, it always stayed lit.
I could never put the thing out.
I put aluminum foil on top of it.
I stuck an apple in the top of the pipe, and it would always, always smoke.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.






What is the symbology of the pipe?
Surely there's something more than merely some juvenile adoration of tobacco or whatever.
Nay.
It is...
Is it...
Is it that vortex of movement that goes into the bowl of the pipe, up through the stem,
into Bob, and then out his nose again to Bob?

to be inhaled yet again with that flamethrower-like effect constantly happening between his left
nostril and the bowl of the sacred pipe.
It's an ancient buffalo woman put the pipe in his mouth and he can't get it out.
It's like the story of Trickster.
She was beeping with his mind and so she made sure that it would never, ever come out.
And then she turned into a white buffalo and rolled over three times and scraped out a
message in the sand for all the people to see and the message said, drink Coca-Cola.
It's a joke on your own, Farmer.
It said roll up in a puddle of stink in some fleabag hotel, drink Coca-Cola indeed.
It was weather enough.
I needed something different.
I needed...
That's the way the aliens always do it.
You know, just when you're thinking they're going to do the most cosmic thing, they do
a whole series of incredible crop circles and suddenly there it says...
Pepsi.
You have got to be kidding.
I didn't know.
You have got to be kidding, okay?
We have a god to be kidding?
Yes.
That's correct.
I'm not correct in that.
In that, uh, yes, you're right.
I don't see what's so funny.
You have a god.
We do have a god to be kidding.
We have to.
We were called.
We're called ministers, man.
We have to kid.
I mean, we're...
Hey, I'm a minister.
Hey, ref, I'm a minister.
I'm a minister.
I'm a minister.

Say, can I be a Monsignor now?
Huh?
I want to be a Monsignor now.
I want to be a Monsignor now.
You can be anything this time around.
You can be...
You can be the moon swan you're...
You could be a turkey in the sky.
You could be...
You could be Charlie Manson.
You could be a sidewalk.
You could be anything.
You're trapped being a human.
I could be anything.
Can I be the bishop of Hawaii?
If you'd let me out of these bars, if you'd open these...this jail cell, I could be anything.
If I had a gun, I'd start my own religion.
Every day is X day when you...

Every day is X day when you have a gun.
The gun.
The gun.
The gun.
Because it has no sex.
The gun is the perfect teacher.
Hyperclesians 914.
I'll have you know.
Amen to the amen for that.
Hyperclesians, what was the...what are the numbers again?
914.
914, which is also a drug made by the hills angels, I heard.
It was 914.
Wasn't that the drug that...
No, that's the French abortion pill.
Oh, that's right.
The French...
The French...









French abortion pill.
Now, the...we were talking...
Do you French, I think is the...
Um, do you French?
No, I don't...I have no idea.
But I remember that you were talking this previously.
You had mentioned that...you mentioned the...the...Diacronomy from the crown, or something about the crown.
You know, so that they...when the...the upshot would be that when this...when everyone got
ruptured, so to speak, that the crown would...the...some sort of crown or the...what the...the...
The...
The...the crown.





One of the crowns.
The end of the separ-off, or the separation?
No, it was the clown.
It wasn't the clown.
I mean, it wasn't the clown.
Hey, what?
I'm burning up.
Is anybody else hot in here?
Do you smell smoke?
You get it.
Oh.
God, it's burning the cornstarch off my muckluck.
Whoa, my feet are burning.
Oh, Zeno.
I thought you were going to tell me if my face was on fire.
You said you would tell me if my face was on fire.
My legs.
It's time for Richard Stang to go to hell.
My legs.
My legs.
I'm sliding in.
Preacher, I'm sliding over to the other side.
It's time for you to go to hell, Stang.
I'm on fire.
I can feel the fire.
As best as pants.
Quick, step in front of the inquisitory box.
Damn you, Reverend Stang.
Listen to me.
Step in front of the inquisitory box.
You've been accused of...
What the hell is he accused of against me?
You are going to H-E double hockey sticks, buddy.
I will have no fear.
Fear is the mind killer.
Fear is the little death which brings me...
Yeah, right.
Princess, could you read off some charges against this guy, please?
Hey, I've got my asbestos suit on.
You can charge me all you want, Johnny.
I'm handling the firmament in the name of...
Okay, that's the first one.
That's the first thing you stand accused of.
And you're being embittered with this material world all the time, calling yourself a sex-
Uh, uh...
Was that a caller?
No, that was an accusation.
An accusation.
We need more caller souls.
The bucket isn't half full yet.
Bob won't be pleased.
6-8-7-3-5-1-5.
Bob won't be pleased if we...
6-8-7-3-5-1-5.
Call and deposit your...
Soul.
There was another one.
Oh, look, Bob's bucket's half full.
It's a pretty one.
Look at that little old soul.
Ooh, it's squiggling around.
Look at that.
Look at that little temple.
I'm gonna wipe it on the end of the table and kill it.
Whoopsie-bitch.
Ow!
I'd like to donate my soul.
Ay-yo.
Ay!
She'd like to donate her soul.
Oh, it's...
Let me whiff it.
We need to chew the organs.
Ooh, it's a ticklish one, isn't it?
You've got a ticklish soul now, admit it.
Never mind, I've changed my mind.
Goodbye, bye.
Oh, that's a used soul.
We've already used that one.
It's too late now.
She can't change her mind, can she?
Change?
Change?
There is no change.
Change your mind?
There is no changing your mind?
Chump change in this media swamp.
We need...
We're talking big money, friends.
Big money.
You know what a human soul is worth?
About 5,000 bucks, man.
That's right.
That's about...
That's exactly...
You are very close.
It's 5,600.
That's about $131.
Is it going right?
I'm using it for...
But it's made up of...
A Japanese soul is slightly more valuable right now.
But isn't it made up of 97% water?
You know, one of the reasons why I was calling
is because I thought it would be a perfect tribute
because this being the 25th year anniversary
of the first music and arts festival held on the moon,
that I thought we should take a few moments to think about.
To salute those freak-flagging astronauts.
Well, that's what we've been doing all night.
We've been having a cultural planet on the moon.
We ate it.
Some of us even planted some fags.
And danced around the donuts and sang...
What was that song about?
Chrysler's and Plymouth's?
It was...
You can't get the bonfire very high in that thin, rarefied atmosphere.
No, there's no O2.
Well, that...
You were thinking that song about the big dipper.
And we laid in the craters.
Whose dipper?
The craters.
The sheep dipper.
The one that sang that song back then?
Oh, the sheep dipper.
Now, I don't think...
Now, let's keep this clean, boys.
He didn't come there.
No.
He didn't.
Let's not be talking about big dippers and so forth.
And critters.
They said they were...
No plastic bags, please.
Well, we already did plastic baggage.
What are you doing in celebration, though, of this, all these...
The baseball thing and the moon and everything?
There's so many anniversaries.
I don't know which one to keep track of anymore.
No, I just came back from big X-Day pilgrimage to Portland.
He had...
In Portland, Oregon, where heads were...
We launched heads and...
Heads were spinning up there.
Yeah, they actually...
He wore St. James's sandals, too.
And he had a little...
He had a little prick on his back.
Now, I told you, James...
It's pennant.
You told me.
It's all right.
Don't worry.
Everybody's like sub-GNI around here, even if they don't know it.
Even if they haven't paid yet.
Some of us have tried and never paid.
Say, Wes, I got a tape from you called Radio Shorts.
Yes, that's very true.
Which I haven't even opened yet.
Copy.
Yeah, that's why you haven't...
That's why you didn't hear back until now.
It's a lovely letter.
It starts off with deer, in fact.
That's one of my favorite...
In a salutary manner.
I think it had to do with salads.
No, you were talking about the venison.
The tape smelled good, though.
I haven't listened to it yet, but it did have an excellent whiff.
I'm afraid my cat got too close to the stamp.
Oh, I thought that was the pork and buckwheat.
No, no, no.
That was definitely the cat thing.
I'd like to meet your cat someday.
I apologize.
You're growing whiskers there, thinking about it.
Yeah, I had...
Is there something weird like a...
Oh, Chaz doesn't like that because he's got ten of them.
Oh, no, I just wanted the M&Ms.
Yeah, there's a whole table full of M&Ms here.
This is the first radio studio I've been to that had, like, about a square yard's worth of M&Ms instead of turntables.
No, there's no M&Ms here.
So you're not allowed to have M&Ms.
No, you're not allowed to have...
And make them like, mwah, mwah, mwah.
And you can put the letters around.
You can make...
It's kind of like a candy Scrabble game.
We do that a lot up here when it gets really cold outside.
You're the M&Ms?
It's kind of like Scrabble.
You pick and poke, you know what I mean?
I don't know what you mean.
Get that food out of the studio now.
No M&Ms.
Well, I just thought I'd just call up and...
Wes, why do you call and bring the M&Ms on the air?
Well, I bring the M&Ms on the air...
That's a FCC ID regulator.
...part of the whole postage thing that I was trying to explain as far as the cat thing goes.
Because we... I don't know whether it is there, but cat houses out here are fine.
They're legal and they're protected, and we don't have to worry about it.
They do things with M&Ms at the cat houses in...
In Portland and in St. Francis.
You can buy a map for like $2.
$2.
That's all.
And you can find...
You don't even have to...
You don't even have to worry.
Well, those are the visionary cities, you know?
Well, I don't know.
I was on the...
I spent...
A couple of weeks ago, I was out on the West Coast.
Went to Portland, Olympia, and Seattle.
And every neighborhood I was in, every shop sold espresso.
I mean, even auto repair places, you know?
Tire shops sold espresso.
And all the boys had long hair.

And all the girls had short hair.
And everybody was a vegetarian.
And...
But they don't do that there?
Where?
Over there in the other area.
Well, it made me...
Well, no, it's just the opposite.
They'll kill you for doing that here.
Oh, they're...
They're microbiotic.
Except a few small pockets.

Well, the West Coast...
There's a few small pockets.
They're called the beakers.
Yeah, where they have the...
They sell pocket pastries there, too.
I'm sorry, I mean, you know, the...
Oh, what?
What?
You look great out here.
I don't know.
It was just so groovy.
I wanted to cut my hair.
I wanted to get a haircut and end up looking like Dave here.
Where did you get a razor bank?
Well, see, if you cut your hair, you end up looking like a woman out here.
Well, that...
Well, that was the idea, man.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Have you got something against that?
I mean, are you, you know, are you trying to dictate my gender identity or something?
Come on, Pete.
I thought...
I thought that out there it was okay.
Out there?
To want to look like a bald-headed woman.
How do you bring an out there and do it again?
And I don't...
And that was, that was just a mistake.
That had something to do with the Merchant Marine, and I didn't, I didn't ever want to
bring that up again.
I'm a bald-headed woman in the body of a long-haired guy.
He was a long-haired seaman, and he was quite, he was, it was different then.
Yeah.
It was a different time, and it was a different uniform.
Yep.
And the Merchant Marine were very, very hard on Reverend Stange.
I...
He dressed, especially dressed like a woman, and preaching the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs in
the Merchant Marine at what, was 1923 or something like that?
Hazing was, yeah, that's 1929.
1929, and hazing.
There was a big, big article in the Washington Post, some courier of the, I remember, that...
It was worse on subgeniuses in the Navy.
They whacked them with little rulers on the tushy, and they made them run the gauntlet
back in the old days, which is backwards.
Back before, even before Bob came along to have something to blame it on.
And spiny critters.
People...
People wear gauntlets out here.
I don't, I mean, because when I was in Portland, I was probably telling you earlier, but up
in Portland, people wear gauntlets wherever you go.
You go up there and they drink Javad, a pita bread, and they wear gauntlet things.
Oh, no, no, where I come from, you have to, the gauntlets are the things you run from.
They're not what you run in.
If you've been in enough gauntlets, you want to run from them too, but it's still, it's,
they're still tasty.
Yeah.
You can eat them, but you don't, you don't want to hang around.
I mean, I, like, that I understand.

We, the same thing here.
The average golfer would, I don't know.
Have you noticed a fad of teenagers dressed as vampires, where they're all dressed in
black and wear white pasty makeup and dark eye shadow?
What channel?
What channel?
It's on every channel.
It's everywhere.
Oh, they said, yeah.
I mean, they were in Portland, they were in Atlanta, they're, and maybe, for all I know,
they are vampires, and it's just gotten to the, to the point where nobody even cares
anymore.
That living, you know, living dead things, supernatural monsters can wander the streets,
going in and out of rock clubs and looking painfully, tragically hip.
I think the proliferation of vampires has to do with the fact that there's no really
good vegetarian cuisine out there.
And there's no good religion.
That's it.
Yep.
Yep.
Yep.
And, and, you know, what do you expect?
That is exactly why I called.
There's, the religion's falling apart, werewolves and vampires are gonna start reappearing.
You know, it's the age of superstition and what you believe, it's gonna come, it's gonna
come true.
They're just kids, they've been watching these Freddy Krueger movies and stuff, but the next
thing you know, Freddy Krueger's be, well, Freddy Krueger is real.
He appeared in my dreams.
He's got a shop up in Portland, by the way.
Freddy Krueger?
Of Nightmare on Elm Street fame?
See, he's selling skateboards and people.

He's selling skateboards in Portland.
Yeah, he's, and he's got that, it's a decal thing underneath that's been getting them,
him and Richie Havens are suing everybody now.
Yeah, and, and the kids think it's so cool that now they're, you know, it's like tattoos
aren't enough.
Now they have to get Freddy Krueger faced.
They have to, they have to get burned, third degree burns over their entire body just to
be cool.
Well, it's like the women have short hair and all the men have long hair and now it's
the, the face thing.
Yeah.
Oh, the face, the whole body.
You know, it's the pose.
If you only have your face burned down to the bone, that's either, you're just a poseur.
You're not a real, you know, you're not a with it raver or whatever they call them,
vampire, whatever they are today.
Huh?
I think that's why, I know that's why I'm doing it.
Because if you have your face burned down like Freddy Krueger, you don't even have to
get your hand stamped.
You can just like sail.
Yeah, just walk in, man.
You're the coolest thing there.
Which I, I better go.


You'll probably check, I got a, I got a loaf in the oven.
Your eye sockets.
Eye sockets.
Oh, it does.
Thank God when I was a kid, it was only knee capping.
You know, you were cool.
You got knee capped and then you were cool.
Have you ever been eye socketed?
Eye socketed.
Eye socketed.
I never had my knee capped.
Well, you weren't in with the in crowd.
See all those cool people had to get knee capped and that's why we all do desk jobs
now.
We can't walk very good.
That's the baby boomer generation.
Yeah.
We do squat now.
Squat now.
Squat now.
Now, squat like I've trained.
Is that squat?
We might have to squat.
Squat.
Squat.
Squat.
Squat.
Well, I better run away.
I ain't gonna walk.
Away away away.
Why don't you take the slimy dish?
Slimey dish.
Slimey dish.
Slimey dish.
Whatever you carry around with you.
Whatever, whatever you carry around with you.
I don't care.
Whatever that one does.
I don't care.
I don't care if you're in Portland or Eureka.
Eureka.
Eureka.
I saw.
I saw.
I saw.

I saw.
I saw.
I saw.
I saw.
I saw.
I saw.
I saw.
I saw.
I saw.
I saw.
I'll get you sick.
I'll get you sick.
I'll get you sick.
I'll get you sick.
I'll get you sick.
I'll get you sick.
You're supposed to have a beginning of that
or something.
Something like that.
The form for the...
for you behaving like this.
Why do you think you're going
to school alone?
You're going and...
and it's just disgusting.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
We are ashamed.
Terribly, terribly, terribly, terribly ashamed.
I'll get you sick.
I'll get you sick.
I'll get you sick.
I'll get you sick.
Mr. Dimple, you're...
Now, would you now know all about
Teen Times Fast?
Teen Times Fast?
Fast.
Fast.
Fast.
Fast.

Fast.
Fast.
Fast.
Fast.
Fast.
Fast.

Fast.
Fast.
Fast.
Fast.
Fast.
Fast.
Fast.
Fast.
Fast.

Fast.
Fast.
Ah, yes, dear friend.
Ah, yes.
The Harvest.
That bucket's almost full now.
Look, we were getting paid to be idiots.
I wasn't getting paid to be idiots.
I was doing it for free.
Well, he's a real idiot.
Yeah.
The rest of us are all getting paid real good for being idiots.
I feel sorry for those smart people who have to pay instead.
To?
Just to hear the idiots.
To hear a bunch of flesh-grabbing, cracking idiots?
I feel sorry for those intelligent people.
I really do.
Think how disturbing it must be
to get a job like that.
To go through life so painfully aware of...
Whoa!
God, earthquake!
Praise Bob!
It's a sign!
We're being punished!
We must have done the right thing!
He must be happy with us!
He's never happy with anybody.
What the hell are we talking about?
You guys are a bunch of babies.
You guys are juvenile.
You're pre-juvenile.
You're infantile.
You're fetal.
No, you're pre-fetal.
You're spermatozoic.
No, you're gleaming daddy-zayic.
No, you're so infantile and juvenile.
You're DNA-like.
I'm tadpole?
You're genetic entirely.
I'm genetic waste?
It was genetic humor, ma'am.
Genetic humor done him in, ma'am.
It's not pornography, officer.
It's empowerment.
It's porno-genetic?
It's porno-genetic empowerment.
Once you get a hold of your genitalia and you can feel that power surging backwards, you know...
Just hang on, ma'am.
Now, now, now, there's nothing to worry about.
Get it real.
It's all just a part of the cosmic flow.
Don't be afraid.
It's that English woman again.
It's the most famous...
I beg your pardon?
It's a transvestite.
Fanny.
Is that Fanny?
It's a guy who dresses up in place in white ostrich feathers at the bar.
Now, those guys make good money, too.
Yeah, it's good money until you try and spend it.
Depending on the bar.
Oh, I don't know which bar you've been to, but the ones I've seen don't make much of a living at it.
It's more like a slow death.
It is.
No, man, they live for that moment when they're up there in front of all those people and they're someone else.
They've become transformed into a...
Barbra Streisand?
A Barbra Streisand or Marilyn Monroe or...
Marilyn Monroe.
Liza Minnelli.
Liza.
Yeah, or Bette Midler, you know.
Oh, I love when they do bad.
That's the best.
That's, you know, that's what they live for.
That one golden moment in their lives that the rest of it's just sidewalks and garbage cans and crappy hamburgers.
It pales yellow with the golden showers.

They gotta hook up with the later in the afternoon.
You know, you gotta get slack any way you can.
Well, some of them just figure they can take it.
They suck it right out of you, I suppose.
Of course, they may hang you for it.
One ear and eye pointing down, one pointing the other way.
Yeah, you take that risk now, don't you?
Yeah, you take a risk every day.
You take that risk every day.
That's right.
I gotta remember you take a risk every day.
You walk out and you can get slack if you just...
What are you...
If you just...
Shit, I don't...
Shit, I don't know what I gotta do to get slack.
I know I gotta get slack because I need...
Because everybody has to have plenty of slack.
I gotta have at least enough to fill a whole closet.
And I should probably start putting together some of those securities I've been thinking about and stuff.
Because I could maybe get more slack later if I saved up for more slack now.
It's really good.
Okay, now do you understand?
We started this whole thing off telling you that we were gonna tell you what you really want.
Well...
You're on the puff.
I don't know any other way to do it.
We stuck with the script.
This is the same script we've used every time.
If you haven't...
What is this old Dr. Demento stuff?
You should...
I gotcha, Dr. Demento.
That was real funny in 1971 when I lived out in South Dakota, but...
Yeah, when you used to...
When you used to ride bareback over the plains and listen to the...
Who told you about that?
The voice of the Black Hills.
Hi-ya, hi-ya, hi-ya, hi-ya, hi-ya, hi-ya...
I actually did end up riding across the plains on horseback with a...
A fellow named Lorenzo Black Lance at 3 in the morning in the middle of the Rosebud Reservation,
and we were looking for the UFO he had just seen.
And he couldn't go to sleep unless he saw that UFO again, and he wanted me to go out and help him look for it.
We rode all over the prairies all night long, and it never came back.
Now, this here was a full-blooded Indian feller?
Hmm...
Well, he was a member of the Rosebud Sioux tribe.
His dad was a...
Why do they have...
He was a medicine man.
Apprentice.
Why do them damn UFOs hang out in the reservations?
Over across the state lines over there in New York State, they just had a big hubbub about...
Over on Iroquois Reservation there, they spotted three slongical discs...
Discs?
Not discs, but like, looked like a three-pronged article of some kind floating through space at high rates of speed
with numbers of diminishing and growing rapid lights circling the bottom area.
We know those Alaskan totem poles?
They're actually UFOs.
Those are the heads of the UFO pilots.
Do you see the connection now?
I thought it was the...
The white buffalo woman that we were talking about earlier came down in a UFO and gave the pipe to the Lakota people
and then crushed all the bodies into... made a giant pool of blood which hardened into pipestone,
which they make modern pipes out of.
It's a very soft rock made of human blood, according to legend.
I got one of them things you were talking about filled with marijuana resin.
And the Iroquois...
Used to steal them. They'd go thousands of miles to steal the pipes from the buffalo.
They invented the UFO originally. They had an anti-gravity thing and most of them took off.
And they only left a couple Iroquois around?
You know, they used to accuse the Erie Indians who lived around here of high sorcery, which is why the Iroquois wiped their cousins out.
Well, you know, you gotta... sometimes there's no... none of those particular bunches of Indians around to defend themselves...
Verified.
...and the only... the only thing you know about them is what their enemies said.
That's right. That's right.
For instance, the word Sioux is actually what the Blackfeet used to call the Lakota and it meant snake in the grass, you know, nasty worm thing.
Well, that's... that's a bitchin' thing to wind up for the... a moniker for the rest of your life.
For the whole rest of your ancestral days, all your people be called the snake and the thing.
Right. Well, see, that's why Sioux isn't cool anymore.
These are great.
And it's... in today's modern dances with wolves, now a go-go PC world, it is correct to say Lakota.
But it's not correct to say...
Heard here on camera three.
Oh, look, they're all lining up for the high-eye dance now. They're doing the corn ceremony.
There's Russell Means, Dennis Banks, Claude Bellacourt...
All dressed up in suits.
Yup.
Yup. Flannel suits. My God.
Sitting on top of that general store there at Wounded Knee reading comic books...
But... but...
...waiting for the FBI to...
...burn them like they did Koresh.
But it was in the past, and the FBI didn't have the special flamethrower tanks then.
And that's the hope of the future, is that the FBI was not in the past.
And why we must all escape into the future so that we can rescue ourselves in the past.
So that we can create... yes, we have to go into the future and create a time machine...
A time machine.
...so we can go back into the past and correct everything so it doesn't happen...
And correct everything.
...but then if that happens, we won't be born to make the time machine in the future...
Yeah, but what if...
...in order to go back in the past and change it, which would mean it would...
...some... every other past would be good, and the other... and then every other one would be bad.
Oh, there'd be four good ones and three bad ones.
So we're in the bad one now that we didn't... we weren't able to go back and change the past this time.
Okay.
The last time, I should say.
All right.
But this time we will, so the next time will be good.
Well, that's this time, then now.
Because if we were gonna go back because we had already intended to go back...
...because we were in the bad one, we were going back to the good one...
...that would mean kind of necessarily we'd both be back in the bad one and the good one at the same time.
Man, it's a paradox.
It's like that cat in the box.
You know, you can cut it in half, and Heidinger's still gonna...
Schrodinger.
Schrodinger, yeah, that's right.
Schrodinger's still gonna burn up as he... when he hits the atmosphere.
Heidinger.
I couldn't remember either.
I was just trying to give him some doodar.
No, wait a minute.
Heidinger was...
I was trying to be old.
Heidinger was the guy who played with clams.
He was also the one that when he'd walk into a furnace or a surf factory unit or some kind of laboratory...
Haven't you ever heard of Menzies effect?
Where you'd have a testicular or ovarian spite or something like that, or someone would try and arrest you?
No, but I do...
Someone told me the other day that Einstein...
One stone.
...was once sold an elevator.
A man came to Einstein's house, a salesman...
A Chicago...
A salesman with a pipe, and sold Albert Einstein an elevator.
Did he take...
But Albert Einstein lived in a one-story house.
Oh, my God. You know who that sounds like.
Why do you think they call it...
A subgenius, my friend.
Only in this reality.
Because an idiot would believe anything.
No, that's backwards.
Well, I hate walking in a dark alley myself.
I can't get out of it. I just got into one.
But it was only a one-story house.
In this reality.
Yeah, that's right. Einstein knew...
In the other backwards time stream, it probably was a two-story house, and Einstein knew that.
And he probably installed the elevator.
And it probably worked for Einstein.
That's what we...
Here we are.
We're sitting there making fun of that guy for being old smarty pants.
And then it turns out he had the last laugh after all.
Yeah.
If you ever watch those instructional television programs, the current program has Einstein,
or one stone as they used to call him, going back and forth in the elevator to prove the theory of relativity relative to quantum physics.
Don't you remember like the fact when the elevator's on its way up there, and he's already down, but it's only one story.
See?
That's where the...
That's where the elevator is.
That's where the light starts to bend the...
That's right.
The continuum.
The time continuum.
Right.
And he's only in the elevator for ten minutes, but when the door opens, it's 4,000 years later and apes have taken over the planet.
That's right.
And the Statue of Liberty stuck up to, you know, puts neck in sand.
And it's actually wearing an ape mask too.
And Einstein is very old.
But I think they took that off for a while.
I mean, at least some of the kids were getting scared.
Remember?
I...
I don't know.
I think, I don't know, it was Captain...
I memorized it.
It was Captain Duty or it was, um, the wildebeest or...
You don't get a goddamn job before sundown or we're shipping you off to military school with a goddamn fake-o-tease shit-kin.
Son of a bitch.
Well, now, if that don't beat all, another hot recipe from down in Cajun country.
You gotta get on the microphone a little bit.
Yeah, but she's not saying anything.
She's giving me dirty looks.
All she's gotta do is grab my head and give it to me.
Your proximity has to come closer to the microphone.
Oh, I'd never move my posterior too much because you could get also, uh...
Proximity?
Some of, one of those other devices stuck up there too.
Well, I didn't put it there.
Well, you tried, I know, a few times.
You know, I'm sick of you bringing that crap up, you know.
Well, it's just, it was a psychic thing.
It didn't really happen in this, in this part.
Well, I didn't do it.
Well, I'm saying it wasn't intention.
It was just, uh, kind of a lackluster thought that came and went like a will of the beast.
Oh, wait. A Tibetan moment.
Now, I heard that Bob sold the Dalai Lama a pair of spandex slippers that wouldn't bend when he had to do his obfuscations.
And he had to carry his, uh, rotary, er, his, uh, rosaries.
He, uh, supposedly told the, the Dalai Lama that, that, that would lead to, uh,
a better comprehension of nothingness.
Geeze, see, he's got it for everybody.
He would then, he, he said to the Dalai Lama, he said,
wear these and you will be in the silence of only the air conditioner noise.
Oh, man.
Now, see, he told my dad he'd be only in the silence of Onan.
But he ain't got, uh, well, I think he's too old to spank anyone.
The silence of Onan?
Onan was a super-type.
Onan got a spanking. He got him a spanking.
That's the sound of your one-hand clapping.
Yeah.
That's the, well, that's not Janet's singing voice.
Wasn't that Jaffe's brother?
The white noise of Onan.
The white noise of Onan.
Onan, wasn't that Jaffe's brother?
Jaffe Wonan?
Yeah.
I don't know. I heard him talk about doctors for Watoomba, but I didn't know if Jaffe Wonan was in there.
I was running around with Onan last week in Portland.
Yeah, right around.
Onan lives in Portland now. Works in a bookstore.
And he is a one-handed man.
Uh, he, he's, I'm proud of it. Darned proud of it, I might add.
From prehistoric Arkansas.
Yep. Goes all the way back.
Mm-hmm.
Tennessee.
Is that where the Australian monoliths planted the Indians? Or that's, now that was when they-
No one knows where. It was on the Lost Plateau of Leng, which is just a name. Nobody knows, you know, where it is.
So nobody knows what a Leng is, then?
It's occulted knowledge. It's, it's knowledge that is hidden from, from us. For, probably for our own good.
Because, you know, if we could get there, we could dig up the treasure.
And Bob told me he has the map.
In his closet.
And he's gonna sell it.
Under the bed.
Oh.
And he's gonna sell you a Xerox copy.
We could get that map, man.
Yeah, right. You could get a map from, and he's gonna sell it to you.
We could, we could break Charlie out. We could, we could free Charlie.
Well, I, I don't think we should-
And we could, and we, Charlie, man, Charlie's got magic powers.
You can't break Charlie.
We could get them panties.
No, if you pop Charlie's-
We could get into the Forbidden Plateau.
No, he told me he was gonna kill me. He said he didn't like the idea of me reintroducing listening to Music Mind.
I'm gonna kill you.
Uh, friends, that was part one of an incredible two-hour recording from ESO Swamp Radio from WCSB Cleveland in 1994.
But, friends, everything you really need to know is at subgenius.com.
Thank you, CyberChump, from their album, Their Moment of Perfect Happiness.
Praise Bob.
Praise our listeners.
찾아.ca
