The Self-Genius Power of Smoking
The Self-Genius Power of Smoking
Don't you ever know, uber women, uber men
Doing everything we can to yell about the word of God
And verbally attack to praise our heavy heritage
And follow in our slack
The Self-Genius Levi
That taps into the high vibe
While simultaneously and successfully manipulating both space and time
I'm a Self-Genius Bar, dammit
I'm the head of the Industrial National Committee
We're blowing psychic snog rockets out of all three tonight
13013
I sure ain't human, but I am a Ghanaiite
I can feel the sounds of my farts with the meows of kittens
Kittens for Bob and Catnip and Flop
Kittens for Bob and Catnip and Flop
You get my lot or police bio
You ain't always safe, but we'll make sure you start to ед
I'm Smitho, OMG myself
I'm Smitho
OMG meows
I'm Smitho, OMG myself
Umm, there's hi-hats in the dust
I wish something else to come out of this
Oh, yes, dear friends, that was Rubik's Pube.
Rubik's with an X, Pube with a P.
A piece called Bob Rant A from their new album, Songs for Time Travel, which is on Bandcamp.
A funny coincidence, the other night I just finished re-watching one of my favorite movies of all time,
George Powell's The Time Machine from 1960, which I saw at age seven.
And it blew my mind and probably set me off on my journey into weirdness and fun and bulldada.
And I'd also watched a kind of making of The Time Machine, including an epilogue to the story.
The very next thing I did was check my email, and the first thing up was the promo for Songs for Time.
Time Travel, a new album by Rubik's Pube.
How can such things even be?
They must have been time traveling.
Songs for Time Travel.
Anyway, Rubik's Pube is a great mountain-based mutant rock band that has played at many X Days and Devivals and bars and festivals.
In fact, some members, like Lord Rock God, son of Sinfaltimus Ex Mortis,
have been doing...
They've been doing so since they were young teenagers.
That lead guitar player and singer, Reverend Ness, incidentally, is as jaw-droopingly beautiful as her sounds are.
As it says here.
Jaw-droopingly beautiful.
Well, that's good.
Anyway, tonight I have two news items, friends.
For the last couple of shows, I've been playing readings from the subgenius mystery.
The agent and Mr. Dobbs.
And I'll play more tonight.
And the book is now finally available.
It's out.
It's in our catalog on subgenius.com, but probably not for long.
It's a very limited edition in hardback.
In fact, I announced it yesterday, and about half of the 40 copies are already gone, even though it's expensive.
Here's the ad.
Two.
Two brain-gnarling spy thriller mystery novellas starring J.R. Bob Dobbs in one limited numbered hardcover edition.
Only 50 were printed, and the author has three of them.
In the early 60s, this is the plot description,
an earnest patriotic and pink agent for the feds is assigned to the seriously insane national security case of Bob Dobbs.
He's drawn by Dobbs.
He's drawn by Dobbs.
He's drawn by Dobbs.
He's drawn by Dobbs.
He's drawn by Dobbs.
He's drawn by Dobbs.
He's drawn by Dobbs.




He's drawn by Bob Dobbs.
Bizarre parties with JFK, Hitler, Lee Harvey Oswald, Fidel Castro, Nikita Khrushchev, and Timothy Leary,
and unspeakable experiences that make him question what he had mistakenly thought of as reality.
It's like HP Lovecraft, by way of Raymond Chandler, by way of R.
crumb, like a David Lynch movie with a dollop of the Three Stooges, like a Bugs Bunny cartoon
guest directed by David Cronenberg, like an S. Clay Wilson comic novelized by Franz Kafka.
Now, friends, this is me talking. I've written two subgenius movie screenplays, but if some
Hollywood hotshot approached me saying, I've got a hundred million bucks for a big subgenius movie,
do you have a script? I'd hand him this book. It's really hilarious, and honestly, it's my
very favorite portrait of Bob so far. Let us just pray that it is indeed fiction. Extremely
collectible. The forward is signed and dated by Ivan Stang. Don't look for this on Amazon. It's
available only from Subgenius Foundation. Look in our catalog. Actually, the link is
subgenius.com.
slash catalog slash books, but just go to the Bulldog of Time Control store or look at the
front page, the home page of subgenius.com, and there you will see somewhere, if you read close
enough, you'll see it listed, along with the other three new novels. No, two other new novels.
Oh, by the way, the music in the background is the Empire Jazz Orchestra. Our friend,
Reverend Meckley.
Meckley ran that, and this was an album called Out of the Mist. This is a quiet one there in the
background. Okay. The other news is about X-Day, where and when, but first, let's hear more Agent
and Mr. Dobbs. And now I'm going to read part five of the Agent and Mr. Dobbs, which was brought
to us by Reverend Teeters LaVerge, although it's actually written by this unnamed agent.
Okay. Is everything, everything's running right? Good.
After all the monkey business, as Bob called it, he was in a much better mood. I suppose all that
man needs is to take a number three and fling a bit of feces around to, quote, even his keel.
His grin was radiant as we walked out into that hot, humid night. We tarried around his car for
a few minutes. They were the most relaxed moments of our lives. We were in a car that was not
used to the time. We had a lot of fun. This is a good example of the moments that I'd had with Mr.
Dobbs up to this point. I offhandedly asked him for a cigarette, and though I had never seen him
smoke anything but his infernal pipe, he pulled a pack of my favorite brand of smokes, old tar lung,
from his jacket pocket. It was a needed smoke, one that I had not had since I got rotated back
from Korea in 52. Bob smiled at my obvious joy, telling me, those coffin nails sure make a tasty
cancer in you, Binks.
Spread it on my fresh-sliced human pain toast every morning.
Bob then hopped, like a drunken rabbit, into the driver's side of the vehicle and shouted to me that
now we're going to have some real good fun, boy. Get in. Now!
He then let out the most outrageously poor simulation of a rebel yell that I have ever heard.
It sounded more like the mating calls of those great apes that reside in the deepest, darkest Congo.
It reverberated through the thick night air.
I think I may have heard a call in response, but it could just have been a drunken redneck.
We sped off down a semi-hidden dirt road that ran behind his toy and tuna factory, Genetic Aerospace Research Center.
The vines and leaves hung low as we whipped down this lane, so low and sharp that my face quickly became a mass of scratches.
Bob would occasionally look over at me.
He would pat me and leer, telling me in an oily voice that you're looking sweeter by the minute.
My heart was in my throat, not only because of the insane driving, but I also feared that Bob might have other, more perverted plans for me.
This seemed too painfully real of a possibility to me, for Bob started to sniff the air lustfully and play pocket pool again, vigorously.
After a few tense moments for me, Mr.
Dobbs was cool as a perverted cucumber the whole time, we finally slid to a halt in front of what I can only describe as the most stinking, run down, decrepit roadhouse that ever sat in the middle of nowhere.
It was a truly ramshackle affair.
Half of the neon signs only had a letter or two lit up.
There was a huge pile of smelly trash out front.
I discerned humanoid skulls in the pile, and the peeling paint said it all with the structures sign dangling off to one side.



Ye olde, exest, bar and grill-ee.
If the outside was a shambles, then the inside was worse.
It smelled like a cheap brewery that had been forgotten in an open sewer since the reign of Ashurnasalpal II.
I wondered why the hell Bob, a man of such wealth who could easily afford to go to any of the finest clubs in Florida, would take me here.
It then occurred to me that this may just be vicious.
I was in the hall of the
When we walked in the joint, the place erupted with drunken shouts of Bob!
And for some reason, Jar!
I stood amazed, for the clientele was astounding by anybody's standard.
I saw John Birch passionately kissing Mousy Tongue in one corner.
Emma Goldman's disembodied head screaming the Internationale.
M blanked out, M blanked out.
Stabbing, I was later to learn, our actual non-clone president in the right eye with a fork while Frank Sinatra groveled at her feet.
There were also, and the rest of the pages blanked out, and the young folk singer Bob Dylan.
Richard Attenborough was filming it all.
The worst part, however, were the whores in the joint.
Greys, greens, mobs, reptilians, anti-reptilians, them, and ones that I did not recognize.
They were all gaudily dressed as housewives, construction workers, maids, businessmen, house painters, bee girls, dead astronauts.
The list goes on, and all had horribly cheap bouffant wigs on.
Bob handed me a jar of yellowish fluo.
And a handful of pills, telling me that he would soon be back.
He took a dozen of the whores up with him, winking sickeningly at me.
I swallowed the pills dry.
When Bob eventually made it back down to the bar where I'd seated myself, sipping a cheap beer, his face was all aglow.
Literally, it shone green, then red.
One of those grey creatures was behind the bar, pouring a jelly jar full of vodka.
For Premier Khrushchev.
Bob sat down between us.
He still had a satisfied grin on his face that smacked of unknowable pleasures.
Bob suggested that we have a drinking contest.
The pills were really kicking in at this point, so I found it hard to believe my eyes, but even harder to deny what I was actually seeing.
This is our place.
The real place where things get done, he whispered to me.
Then, speaking directly to Bob, I said,
And then, speaking directly to the Premier of the Soviet Union, he said,
So, Nicky, think you can drink me under the table tonight, eh?
Khrushchev looked at Bob straight in the eye, something I've seen very few attempt.
Yes, Mr. Noobs, I drink until you, how you say, blow O-ring.
The grey then passed Bob, Khrushchev and I, a full jelly jar each of vodka.
Both Khrushchev and Bob down there, I was halfway through mine,
had to run outside to vomit.
I swear it was paint thinner, the label on the bottle had paint thinner crossed out and vodka written underneath.
My original guess of it being moonshine was awfully wrong.
When I stumbled back in, bleary-eyed, I bumped into no less than Richard M. Nixon.
Even if my eyes were blurred, I could not mistake his voice.
He cursed me as he chased a small dog around.
I made my weaving way back up to the bar,
where Bob and Nicky were now glaring and laughing manically at each other
while pounding their shoes on the bar top.
It would seem that Bob had won the paint thinner drinking contest.
For as I sat down on my stool, Khrushchev's eyes rolled to the back of his head
and he fell off his bar stool onto the sodden floor and into oblivion.
I was horrified and asked Bob if he were alright,
for this could be a potentially world-destructive event.
Mr. Noobs told me,
He's fine, the little guy.
Tyke, you'll be ready for another one in the morning,
but first, young agent, let us have a snack.
I feared that suggestion of food,
for my stomach was still in knots from being sick.
But Bob nonetheless led me to a long table
covered with all manner of edibles, if you dare call them that.
There was a bucket of small red-colored balls of a gelatinous material
that Bob told me were prairie squid caviar.
I had to run back outside to get sick again.
It smelled like rotten fish bait.
Bob seemed to relish them,
for he ate the whole large bucket full with his grimy hands.
He let out a belch and for some reason rubbed his backside.
I vomited harder at that stench.
When I made it back inside, worse for wear,
Bob told me he wanted to try my luck out at one of the many card tables.
The rest of the evening was a horrible blur,
for not only did he force-feed me pills,
but he kept buying round after round of the local actual ones.
I was a little bit moonshine, thank God.
Mr. Dobbs could hold his liquor well,
though he did seem to flicker bodily on and off like a broken television,
especially when he did poorly at the games of chance.
At one point we, Bob, Mal, Churchill, a beatnik type,
Ed Sullivan, a strange alien-looking creature with the face of a cuttlefish,
and I were playing some sort of complicated card game
where the cards themselves represented different currencies.
Worlds and immortal souls.
Bob lost the big hand of the night.
In a rare fit of anger, he grabbed the cards from the alien
and threw them on the floor, cursing,
Well, I do believe that I've been cheated.
He then grabbed, wrong side up it seemed to me,
an IOU written on a bar napkin and squinted his drunken eyes at it,
saying, I guess I'll see you in 1998.
He slurred under his breath,
and then he said,
I'm a fucking fool.
Ah, screw you, you damn cheating squid.
Though it was Bob, I knew who had been the one that was cheating,
for he kept, not very slickly, mind you,
grabbing cards out of my hand when he claimed he needed them.
The whole event, from what I can remember, was pathetic,
but what disturbed me the most was one of the cards had a picture of our planet on it,
and the alien-looking creature seemed to relish the fact that he had won it.
Bob, in a panicked state that I've never seen before,
hustled me so violently toward the door that we knocked over Mr. Nixon,
who was sitting cross-legged on the floor,
grilling skewers of meat over an open fire.
He cursed us, mumbling that he got the taste for dog
while doing some brain massaging during a trip to North Korea,
and how we ruined his meal, though we'd all soon be dancing to his tune.
Nixon did, however, hand us a cheaply mimeographed booklet,
entitled, How to Serve Man.
With that, Mr. Dobbs' face relaxed a little.
He nudged me with his elbow, grinning, and saying in a bit of an oily voice,
Good recipes in this one.
He chuckled to himself as we walked out into the misty morning light.
I can still hear the dreadful sound and import of his index finger
tapping hard against that thin manual of evil.
Also agreed.
Good Tiara...

I was tremendous frustrated as best could be 18






Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
To urinate, whatever happens, do not urinate.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The Rudy Schwartz Project.
Of course.
A piece called Granny Trout is Aroused by the Erotic Spatulate Dance
from the album Adjacent to the Latex Gerbil.
Ear-pleasing and killing.
You might check out Rudy Schwartz Project videos on YouTube.
Hurry, though.
They just slapped his wrist pretty hard for the one called Sarah Palin.
I can't say it or I'll get my wrist slapped by the stations.
And now this.
Well, young agent, Mr. Dobbs said to me as we got into his car,
looks like we have to get you back to Washington.
Bob leaned against a large Cadillac and...
sighed.
I wasn't sure how to take this turn in his demeanor.
Yes, I had been confused and terrified by his actions,
but I'd yet to see him depressed.
It frightened me in a way that I could not previously have imagined.
Here we go.









Here has stood a man, a thing,
that exuded all the confidence and power that we as a people not only admire,
but need if we want to survive this complicated abyss that our species has dug itself.
I could only stand still, sick to the stomach,
for even though Bob probably is insane,
he is our best chance.
And after the strangeness and fragile nature of our powers that be that I'd witnessed,
I could...
see that no other human savior could...
redeem our slack, as Mr. Dobbs was wont to say.
I felt like crying for the first time in years,
that is, until Mr. Dobbs stunned me again.
He suddenly straightened his back and became hyper-alert.
My sense of danger ignited as I unconsciously reached for the revolver
that I would usually carry in a shoulder holster.
It, of course, was not there.
Bob had sold it to some street hood in Miami,
for a half-eaten sandwich.
At least that's what he told me.
My eyes darted into the still dim woods around us, fearing the worst.
When Mr. Dobbs yelled in a high-pitched voice,
SHINY! SHINY!
and ran to the edge of the dirt parking lot to pick up a small shard of glass.
There were hundreds of shards laying around everywhere.
He picked it up and purred to himself as if he had found a great treasure.
His smile had returned full force.
I could only admire and be disgusted with such a man.
Our drive back to Washington was fast and insane, of course.
We must have made that drive in record time, for Bob never once slowed down.
He breezed through traffic lights, stop signs, over hillbillies,
and every time a patrol car pulled up behind us with lights flashing,
it would either mysteriously lose power and pull off to the side,
or it would suddenly go off.

We veered off into a direction that Bob happened to be looking,
sometimes up or down, into the skies or the earth itself.
He was still looking for that skunk ape.
We only stopped once, and that was to purchase some overripe peaches at a roadside stand in Georgia.
These peaches Bob would throw at specific cars that passed us by.
I could never figure out the reason, but after he threw one,
he would bounce up and down in his seat in an exaggerated glee.
As much as I would beg him to stop so that I could use a restroom,
Bob would just scowl at me angrily as if I were asking him to do something horrible.
I ended up having to go in my overalls.
It didn't matter, they stank so badly that no one would have noticed the difference,
other than Bob, that is, who would punch me on the shoulder, damn hard too, and yell,
I spy with my third nostril excrement, or urine, or weakness.
Whenever I would make a mistake.
It was in a small, rather affluent Virginia town, not too far from our capital,
that Bob deigned to stop at the safe house that we employ there.
As ashamed as I was to enter and see my colleagues while in such a degraded state,
I knew that I had to.
I was long overdue, at least it seemed that way to me.
Once we pulled into the driveway,
Bob graciously opened my door,
and threw me into the lilac bushes that grow out front,
and sternly, frighteningly, told me to stay right there.
He had to get some stuff, and the party isn't over by a long shot, boy.
He then burned rubber, pulling out of the driveway.
My first intention was to run into the safe house and clean myself up,
but I feared what Bob might do if I did,
so I sat in the bushes getting stung in the face by bees,
until I saw the agents in the house peep through the windows in obvious disapproval.
I suppose it was then that I realized I was a slave for Bob.
A most horrible feeling, most horrible.
It was not but a few shameful minutes later that Bob screeched back into the driveway
carrying a case of cheap beer and a dirty aluminum bucket of what he called head cheese,
even though it looked more like,
and smelled more like,
rotten fish bait to me.
You beings like this stuff, right?
He asked me.
I could only nod my head.
Bob beckoned me out of the bushes.
I stood there in front of him as he flicked a single mote of dust from my overalls.
He then looked me over with a discerning eye and nodded in approval,
even though I stank and was completely filthy.
The key to the safe house, as always, was underneath the welcome mat.
I braced myself for all the humiliations that would be heaped upon me once this assignment was over.
No one was there to greet me, not surprisingly.
So Bob, as if he knew the place, led me to the upstairs bedroom where we keep our communications office.
He banged the bucket of chum down on the desk in front of Agent X.
The skinny little bastard almost puked.
I doubt he would have survived a weekend with Bob.
Mr. Dobbs then grabbed six of the beers from the case,
and as he greasily smiled at all of us,
he proceeded to pull down his trousers and pop the cap of each of the six beers with the power of his buttock muscles alone.
Though I was not astounded, the rest of the pinks, as Bob liked to call folks like that in the room,
stood aghast in disgust and terror.
They all knew the importance of my mission,
so when I did,
I discreetly nodded to them to dig into the bucket of chum and down the so-called ass beers,
as became Agent History after that day.
They did as told like damned sheep.
Agent X, the chubby useless one, stuttered that there had been an awful tragedy and,
uh, where the hell have you been?
Bob's smile disappeared, and in two giant bounds he leaped over to the man, glaring,
Look here, little pink boy!
I've been gambling with your future and I lost that!
And I lost a pair of gold cufflinks that Connie's sister gave to me.
So what if one of the clones got damaged?
So what?
We have plenty more.
And if you live long enough, you'll be wishing you had pet rats just so you can eat their crap to survive.
So don't whine to me, pink boy.
Mr. Dobbs then gave the man a gentle kiss on the forehead and winked at me, whispering,
We don't need no damn agents.
I understood.
And as he left the house, I noticed that somehow, as usual, Bob had made off with their wallets.
Let's go, Pulse!
Don't you touch her neck!
You think you're touching his neck?
Come on!
Let's go, Pulse!
Don't you touch her neck!
What the fuck?
Don't you touch her neck!
Come on!
You're touching his neck!
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
Come on, it's your dick!
Don't you touch her neck!
Boy, it's your dick.
Did you notice, young lady?
Your present die is the dressed the dog when he dies.
You gotta make him realize that your god just married as your god to him?
It was bitch shit
It was bitch shit
It was bitch shit
It was bitch shit
Mr. Dobbs was incredibly serene
in light of his last outburst of anger
as we drove through the crowded suburban streets
and out into the countryside.
He seemed to forget everything as fast as it happened
as if he had severe brain damage.
He puffed furiously on his pipe
but with that same oblivious grin that he usually wore.
I popped a few of his pills that I had left over
just to get rid of the shakes.
That plus the beer I had
made the world seem all...
that much more intense
and reasonable.
It all started to make much more sense at that point
and the drive through the countryside was lovely
until Bob made a serious face again
and said that we had best hang low
until things blow over.
I know the place to go.
A little inn I have that I like to call
Shamalot.
It took us a while to get to this Shamalot
for Mr. Dobbs seemed to always forget
where we were driving.
He'd stop off at random diners, trinket shops,
gas stations, etc.
where he would feel impelled to make a sale.
Then we would drive back off in the direction
we'd just come from.
Bob always had something in the trunk of his car
to sell to these vendors.
It was as if he had a second sense for the sale
and that was what guided him.
Where we ended up was exactly where he wanted to go
in the first place.
We did indeed make it eventually to Shamalot.
It was simply an underground type bomb shelter
that Bob had off the main kitchen
in a sprawling hotel complex in rural Virginia.
I followed him through the venue.
It was a very well appointed hotel
yet the staff seemed lethargic and prone
to bumbling and stumbling around.
I thought at first that they may have all been
overworked or drunk.
Until I noticed that most of them would
shamble off into a dark corner and take a puff
off a smile pipe every chance they could get.
The tobacco they smoked smelled very much like Bob's,
just not as nauseating.
We wended our way through this maze until we got
to a heavy steel door on which was messily painted
a la The Little Rascals.
Shamalot.
No pinks allowed.
I recognized the door.

I recognized Bob's childish scrawl and poor spelling.
So this, then, would be our safe haven.
Well, friends, that is the end of The Agent and Mr. Dobbs,
Part 6, translated by Reverend Teeters La Verge.
The music in the background is by Speed Cave from the CD
Rocket Ships and Apple Pie.
I believe that the correct White Reef Speed Cave is speedcave.com.
I'm Bob Teeters.

Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.





Bye.


Bye.

Bye.




Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

I'd draw the long man watching the valley I'd draw the long man climbing the rise
I'd ride the chalk horse over the mountain I'd stack the stones to the summer sunrise
You overrate me, you learn to hate me It's all related to the dullness of the night
You learn to doubt me, go on without me Ignore the numbers for the rest of your life
We will be moving to the higher ground As the clock ticks, as the clock ticks down
We're all living in the lost and found As the clock ticks, as the clock ticks down
We're all living in the lost and found As the clock ticks, as the clock ticks down
As the clock ticks, as the clock ticks down
I'd draw the long man
I'd draw the long man
I'd draw the long man
I'd draw the long man
I'd draw the long man
I'd draw the long man
I'd draw the long man
I'd draw the long man
I'd draw the serious man
I'd draw the crazy zephyr
I'd draw the real man
I'd draw the overlapping mine
I'd draw the
I guess he'd literally bring out a full dad
I'd draw the widow
I'd draw the little guy
I'd draw the old man
I'd draw the little才un

I'd draw the shaggy backgrounds
humanity popping like a bunch of damn crawfish in a hot skillet.
I shook my head and told this thing before me to shut the hell up
and that we may be on the brink of atomic war.
Mr. Dobbs twisted my ear in a most painful manner
and while patting the thing on its shoulder said,
fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Suddenly, a very real and cold fear gripped my heart.
I asked Bob if he knew something I didn't.
Did Khrushchev die of alcohol poisoning?
Did the commies assassinate our president in retaliation?
Were we on the brink of atomic destruction?
Bob just played pocket pool and chuckled,
nuclear war is the least of your worries, young agent,
at least after last night's card game.
It was then that the room suddenly lit up in red lights
and a klaxon started to sound.
Bob jumped up and down like a child on Christmas Day yelling,
that's Connie calling, that's Connie calling.
He skipped, I'm not kidding,
skipped over to a video telephonic device.
There he sat down fidgeting on a large leather swivel chair
furiously playing pocket pool.
Hi, sweetie spleen, he said to the beautiful image of Connie
on the video screen.
What are you doing in our Dallas compound?
Mr. Dobbs smiled stupidly.
As Connie said, well, dearie,
I had a little party at the compound last night,
and, well, it would seem that I made a little joke with Jackie
about pranking the president.
You know what a card he is.
And it would seem that three of the doctors overheard.
Mr. Dobbs just nodded his head,
smiling as if he could picture the party in his, quote, mind, unquote.
Well, this morning those doctors got all drunked up
and took some rifles and, well,
in theory it would seem that Dr. Oswald was a tad bit too tipsy
and grabbed some real bullets instead of the rubber kind.
Connie made a gesture and on the video screen appeared Dr. Oswald
looking sheepish and more than a bit hungover.
Sorry, Bob, he said with a hangdog expression on his face,
obviously twisting his foot on the floor in shame.
Connie, as a reward, popped a pill in his mouth,
which he gobbled down like an obedient,
dog.
It's okay, Dr. Oswald, Bob said.
We all make mistakes.
Fuck up, man up, man shut the fuck up,
is the motto, isn't it?
I was shocked again at Bob's levity in situations of danger.
Well, fuck us if we can't take a joke.
Bob elbowed me so hard in the ribs that I fell over, gasping.
Have Connie give you a few more pills and 50 cents to go see a movie.
Okay.
I'll call Johnny Boy and clear the whole thing up.
Dr. Oswald nodded obediently and walked away from the screen,
grinning like a reprieved man chewing a big mouthful of pills.
Look, Connie, Bob said, where is Dr. Ruby?
He and the other doctors are down at his strip joint keeping the party going,
Connie replied, looking as radiant as ever.
Well, do me a favor, honey bunch of synapses,
and go down there and tell Dr. Ruby that I have a job for him.
I want him to take Dr. Oswald out, Bob said.
Will do, Connie chirped as they jiggled their fingers at their throats,
making a strange noise and hung up their video phones.
Bob then looked strangely thoughtful for a moment.
I guess I should have told Connie that the job was to get Dr. Oswald out of the country for a little bit.
Hmm.
He then pulled a folder full of photos from the desk drawer
and started to meticulously cut and paste Dr. Oswald's head onto various figures,
railroad conductors, nurses, dinosaurs, and figures of men holding rifles
with crudely painted signs that said, I did it.
He sighed a lot during the process until the sighs became a sort of barking noise,
guttural, animalistic.
He got up.
He smoothed the non-existent wrinkles from his trousers right before he pulled them down
and sat on a portable chemical toilet.
I averted my eyes until Bob yelled,
Gaze upon me, little pink!
I actually stumbled backwards at the timbre of his voice,
yet I found myself obeying his command as I dragged a metal folding chair over to him
and sat within a few mere inches from him as he did his business,
which in itself was odd, for as I gazed upon his face,
it turned rather vividly from green to red to blue and back to green again
until, with the sound of a million balloons popping simultaneously,
what was previously a very serious, strained look on his face
transformed into the usual moronic and placid visage
that I not only would see in person, but in my own mind as well when I closed my eyes.
I suspect that I was going insane.
From all the pills and slack, one could only guess.
My feeling of insanity was pretty much cemented
when Bob picked up a girly pink video phone
and called our still-living president.
It appeared that the SOB was a dipsomaniac, a whoremonger,
and still at that bordello in Florida.
A grey with a powder blue background,
a bouffant wig came up on screen looking annoyed,
its huge eyes were clouded over and drunk,
as it rolled over and got the president on the phone.
Our president rubbed his red-rimmed eyes
and in an irritated, stuttering voice asked first if Jackie were there.
When soothingly reassured by Bob that she was back in Dallas,
he calmed down a bit until he was told of all that had transpired in his besotted absence.
The president jumped out of bed.
He was clothed in a, and here it's a blanked out,
uniform, a something uniform.
I lost all respect for him at that point,
but could only admire his obvious abilities as
M blanked out, M blanked out.
Some M something, M something.
I personally suspect it might be Marilyn Monroe.
As the MM and the bouffanted grey kept adjusting the eye patch,
which it would seem covered the damage that MM had done to it the night before with a fork.
I listened in as the two of them conversed.
Bob kept trying to explain to the whining man that it's all right,
and that he, I'm not sure who he meant,
didn't have to worry, and because I've got it all under control.
The president threw another fit while Bob explained to him
that his trusted man, Dr. Oswald,
was the one who drunkenly grabbed the rifle,
with the real bullets.
The president suggested that they dispose of the assassinated clone,
and he himself could explain on TV that he was all right,
and it was just a scratch.
Bob snickered, saying that was a grand idea,
but obviously no eye patch is going to fool the necessary amount of people
when thousands saw half your head being blown off.
So just accept the island offer and shut up.
Bob rocked back in his swivel chair,
a smug look, and said,
I'm not going to let you do this to me.
If you're going to do this to me,
I'm going to do it for you.
And so Bob did.
He was a little nervous at first,


I'm going to do it.
And so Bob did.

I'm going to do it.

I'm going to do it.
And so Bob said,
I'm going to do it.
Mr. Dobbs chuckled and mentioned that he already had Dr. Ruby on the job.
He is going to take him out of the country.
Bob then abruptly hung up the phone.
Did I tell Connie the out of the country part?
He looked serious for a few moments until the thing in the easy chair started laughing insanely,
yelling,
When Bob Dunn fucks up, people die.
And when Mr. Dobbs starts farting, the world starts...
I glared at the creature in disgust.
How could you joke at this moment?
I whispered an aside to Bob,
asking what manner of foul creature it was that sat in the corner.
Bob said loudly, ignoring my attempt at privacy,
pointing to the creature and laughing,
That is a mistake.
A genetic mistake like the alligator people you saw in my grand moat of happiness outside the factory.
That mistake used to be as pink as the color of the sun.



That was my middle hand man until it decided to retire to a monastery in Tibet with a big bag of my personal stash of frop.
The thing we got back from the Yeti monks was no longer human but also not quite an overman.
So I decided to graft that pipe onto its face and make it frop up 24 hours a day just to see what would happen.
Young agent, what you see before you is the future of failure.
What you see before you is the future of failure.

What you see is an over-under man.
What you see is an over-under man.
The thing in the corner puffed its pipe and cackled like a madman.
You see, young agent, Bob told me,
that I now need you as my middle hand man.
I pondered the gravity of what he told me as he put some atonal rumba music on the hi-fi
and walked over to the classy bar to fix us a drink.
He did a poor job of hiding the spiking of my drink with pills,
Though he obviously didn't want to make a mistake.
tried to look innocent and hide his actions. My heart dropped as he started to suddenly
gyrate his hips, hula style, when he glided over with my drink. We were alone, and I had no escape.
I feared the worst, but knew that this was my duty. Bob handed me the drink and suddenly got
serious, if you can ever call him that. He heartily pffft the stuffy air that hung leaden
in the shelter. He told me not to worry too much, that he'd find a way to make a buck out of the
whole thing. Without thinking, I drank the cocktail down. The room spun in a pleasant way, and I
noticed that the little umbrella that he had put into the drink was topped off with a small plastic
bobbly head of the president. The head had what looked like two bullet holes in it. I knew then
that God help us if we cannot get this
made.
That was the first time I'd seen this man squarely on our side. Bob gyrated around me while my sight
dimmed into a fearful tunnel and my mind reeled at the import of this man's powers. Bob stood over
me as I slumped in the chair. Boy, I have plans for you. You're going to Dobbs Town for further
instruction, and a little itty-bitty operation to open up that other hole. I felt the room
whirl as all faded out but his pipe, his grin, and that insufferable soft chuckling.
The music in the background was by yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang. And now, this.
You've been listening to Hour of Slack number 1872.
You can learn more about the Church of the Subgenius and the stuff we play and
everything else at subgenius.com. Oh, and we promised news about X-Day. Well, X-Day
is somewhere sometime this year. You can see all of what I'm about to read also on
subgenius.com under events. Friends, X-Day is July 5th, 1998, of course. But from 24 previous X-Day
drills,
we now know that we don't really know when now is. We also don't know where the big party is.
After years at the perfect place in Ohio, and then an all-virtual one on Zoom in 2020,
for 2021, we found an even more perfecter place in Florida. But this year, the owner,
Reverend Santhea, is moving that place, the Land of Id Resort. She'll move it somewhere else,
but it's not going to be ready.
Summer. So temporarily, we might call this one DIY Day. It takes place wherever you are.
If you decide to host a local drill in the form of a big party with all your subgenius friends
and loved ones, great. We'll help you publicize it if you want it public. Or you can join the
big virtual party or parties from right in your own home via internet video conferencing. But
really, why not?
Why not both? I'm thinking I may throw a party here at Stang Ranch, but only for people I actually
know. No offense. But it's not just that Reverend Xanthea's amazing Land of Id is temporarily closed
or that I can't spend a week breaking my back again in Ohio. There's much, much more to it.
4X Day, as we belatedly realized, is also Variable Day. V-Day, one might say, as well as DIY Day.
We stumbled upon this discovery in the forbidden sciences that blew our minds. What's the letter
in mathematics that indicates a variable? X. Maybe it's X Day because it's variable.
We know from prophecy that the media will refer to the advent of the angelic host as
X Day. But now that we are less certain about the planet and the year, this day of judgment
is now a variable.
The world ends on July 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m.
The world ends on July 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m.


But we obviously don't know when that might be, might be. It might be today. Well, maybe
tomorrow, but soon, soon, surely, very soon.
What kind of end of the world will it be? Road Warrior, 1984, Brave New World, Let's
Visit the World of the Future, Life After People. That's all variable too, friends.
Is today your X Day? Everyone's X Day? Maybe the X Day of someone you haven't met yet or
haven't killed yet.
This X equals X.
X equals variable day concept offers spiritual integrity to the notion that one may have
a July 5th that isn't necessarily the conspiracy calendar's July 5th. Like old Pogo noticing
that Friday the 13th can happen on a Wednesday. He was no fool. We prefer the term subgenius.
Now, this also lets us off the hook, friends, for having to camp outdoors on the hottest
day of the year. And I think I covered all this in that winter
star rant. Yeah, I did. I did. So this weird year, we're going to hedge our bets and hold
the X Day party where you are, when you want it, and you and you and you. Yes, X Day in
place for 2022. If the saucers get to you first, remember the rest of us. Yes, this
is a desperate move, but the alternative was to end time in the end times so that all
moments would be equally distributed as 7 a.m., but that sounded like too much work.
Thus, we are distributing and decentralizing X Day for one year only, maybe. Anyway, X
marks the spot. Just to make sure you're synced up, do send in that number of bucks.
Re-up your membership and enter to win, win, win, big, big, big prizes to be announced.
Throw an insane party. Put a big X on your forehead and hang out at the courthouse.
Take a photo of the weirdest thing you can possibly do and post it to the subgenius metaverse.
The subgenius who ruptures with the most slack wins. No matter how it pans out,
the church of the subgenius offers the best apocalypse. In fact,
the single most compelling reason to join the church of the subgenius
is that you'll never be disappointed at its failure to deliver on impossible promises.
Praise Bob! And see subgenius.com. Oh, here's a little song.
I'll have to turn down the Empire Jazz Orchestra album out of the mix, missed from the mix.
Rue Mouse, the poor subgenius, had a very special brain.
All of the stupid normals laughed and labeled him insane.
Then one sudden X day morned, the X's ships came back.
They wiped out all the human race, so subgeni could have slack.
Oh, you better not laugh, you better just cry.
Death from space is in your skies. Subgeniuses are cutting you down.
Praise Bob.
And good night.
