Ah! It's on. It has begun.
And...
And you know, friends, it's patently impossible to discuss social engineering or the automation of society,
the engineering of social automation systems, silent weapons, you might say,
on a national or worldwide scale without implying extensive objectives of social control and destruction of human life,
for example, slavery and genocide.
This show is in itself an analog declaration of intent.
Such a show must be secured from public scrutiny.
Otherwise, it might be recognized as a technically formal,
declaration of domestic war.
Furthermore, any person or group of persons in a position of great power
and without full knowledge and considering the public uses such knowledge and methodology for economic conquest,
it must be understood that a state of domestic warfare exists between said person or group of persons and the public.
The solution of today's...
problems requires an approach which is ruthlessly candid with no agonizing over religious,
moral, or cultural values.
You have qualified for this project because of your ability to look at human society with cold
objectivity
and yet analyze and discuss your observations and conclusions with others of similar importance.

You have qualified for this project because you have a very special intellectual capacity without a loss of discretion or humility.
Such virtues are exercised in your own best interest.
Do not deviate from fame.
The original purpose of operation Hour of Slack was to study the strategic and tactical problems of air and land defense with the objective of
effective use of limited military resources against domestic ...
enemies.
...hear or think...
What about Slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
And now...
The Self Genius,
our...
The subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to
be played on radio station and only in the city of should any other shows be heard from or contacted
in the course of this show the listener is advised to remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted
officials in the event of any material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled
during broadcast small animals or other children becoming exposed to the ultra-high or ultra-low
shocks and brain frequencies constantly scanned throughout our program should seek shelter in an
approved safety unit only this is Walter Teasdale reminding you that it's often a photon that like
releases but truth is not everyone gets the picture hoping your time is all time and all
your unpermissible truths are happy truths here's your host oh yes dear friends Reverend Ivan stang
here and yeah that little introduction for the show actually I'll I'll be straight with you at
the end of the show is actually the first of some of the documents in the book the last few
years or so that I got to read that wasn't really an introduction for the show that was a piece from
a top-secret document someone sent me called that's essentially the Illuminati declaration of
war upon the people of America which was apparently found in 1986 in an IBM copier that had been
purchased at a surplus sale it's a manual that we weren't supposed to see I suppose put together by
the Rockefellers and so forth that explains how they're going to turn us all into beggars
because they're easier to please.
I felt so good last show, but this show I feel like what Hogan's goat did.
You know what Hogan's goat did.
I'm tired.
I don't know why.
I spent the weekend with my son and I had to give him the talk about drugs.
And that can wear you out.
I guess I'm paying for the slack I had last weekend, dear friend.
They always try to get it out of you, wring it out of you some way or another.
So this show, actually, this show, it's building up to being,
well, actually what it is, the first five minutes of each of the 50,
15 new tapes that the Subgenius Foundation, the church, got in the mail last week.
Our little church newsletter went out.
And when that happens every couple of years,
why, Subgenius' ministers all over the world reach out and speak and create tapes,
wonderful, fantastic tapes in obeisance to that man, Bob,
that one true Bob who looms over us.
All times in the back of our brains and the front of our eyes.
Bob himself, yes, he who has come and shall go.
They are Bob Dobbs, the living avatar of slack on this Earth Farm One,
property of the men from Planet X.
They with whom only...
Only Bob can wheel and deal.
So, anyway, as I was saying, this show, this wonderful tonight's show,
is composed of me and, actually, we're going through the mail together.
Because I haven't heard the rest of these tapes.
This is just, I'd pick up a tape, go, oh, well, look here, this one's from Bleepo.
Let's listen to that and lay it onto the show tape.
And then, why?
Here's another tape from the all-pro cavalcade of Bob in Atlanta.
I wonder what they're like.
I'd stick that on.
And so, it's because we get so much mail, dear friends,
from those wonderful people out there who want to be famous,
along with J.R. Bob Dobbs riding the coattails of Bob.
And the Hour of Slack is one of those tattered coattails dragging behind
in the gutter and the wind.
And the, except for one beloved oldie, dear friends.
We're going to play one oldie very quickly here.
The Thing With No Face by Jane or Hypercleets.
Haven't played that in a long time.
And I realized why.
There's some young folks out there who need to know about that film, The Thing With No Face.
Someday I'd like to turn it into a real movie.
It starts off kind of slow, but is well worth the buildup, despite the fact
that it's recorded.
It's recorded in Jane or Hypercleets' bathroom on concert tape, TM,
and a $20 ghetto blaster.
I hope that's talked enough.
Thank you so much for being there for us.
Listen, man, there's a spiritual war right now going on for your soul.
Holy, I turn in science.
I step.
I step.

We're going to play it now.
You won't want to miss the startling new horror film from Subgenius Studios.
Yes, this is a classic tale of terror to make you shiver in your boots.
That thing over there by the acid pool, my God, it ain't got no face.
Yeah.
Whoa.


No, you won't want to miss, Joan, that thing over there by the acid pool.
My God, it ain't got no face of you.
Hey, Frank, you know that thing we was looking at the other day?
You know, that thing over down there by the acid pool that pulled Joan and them in or whatever it was supposed to be?
Well, I was just looking at that thing the other day.
I just happened to notice it ain't got no face.
Ah!
Yes, officer, it was right over there.
It was over by the acid pool.
Frank was just telling me.
I just couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe that there was a thing over there by the acid pool that didn't have no face.
They told stories about it, about how he pulled Joan in and shit like that.
But I didn't believe a word of it.
But now he's gone.
And they say he didn't have no face.
And they said...
Pretty weird.
That's about all I can say.
As far as not having a face.
Yeah, that's what people say.
I pretty much think it's a bunch of shit.
If you could give us the facts, man.
If you could simply try to stick to the facts.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I can kill all my children.
As long as the mother's got a face.
I'll take my grandmother.
My whole life.
I'll take my uncle.
And if he ain't got no legs, you can kill him.
You can get him dead.
As long as you don't try to tell me the murderer ain't got a face.
But Frank.
But where the fuck he's gone?
And if he ain't got no face.
And if he's not gonna tell me.
And if he's not gonna tell me he ain't got a face.
Well, it was right down there by the acid pool.
Uh, what acid pool are you referring to, Mr. Ferguson?
You know, Sims acid pool.
It's right down there.
Right down there where they saw that thing.
He was trying to say he didn't have a face.
I remember blue.
There were blue lights all around the room.
What about the face, ma'am?
Did you get a glimpse of the face?
The face?
Sure.
I saw the face.
It looked sort of...
It was long.
It looked sort of...
Like...
Like...
Well, I've got nothing to worry about.
I'm just gonna stay away from Simmons' acid pool and close to you, Frank.
But, Frank, what's this node?
It feels like it's made out of rubber.
Oh, it ain't nothing.
Frank, this is a mask.
What are you doing wearing a mask?
This ain't Halloween.
What are you...
What?

Ah!
What did it look like?
Well...
I can't remember.
A thing without no face.
Over by Simmons Acid Pond.
Yeah, my son told me that story.
I didn't believe that cock.
He's taking them pills all the time.
Of course, I have seen a thing without no head.
Now, over by Hathaway's Acid Pond.
But I didn't take no stock about a faceless thing over by Simmons Acid Pond.
Now, there's quite a few things missing bodily parts
if you ever want to check over by Jones Acid Pond.
I think someone saw an old man
with a little bit of a head.

Or maybe he had both his legs.
Maybe he just lost his car keys or something like that.
Thought you might be interested, Sheriff.
Caught this mess of crappie
down at the lake.
Now, this one here, as you can see,
it's a pretty nice-sized crappie.
It's perfectly formed, completely natural
in every way.
Minus its face.
Minus its face.
Minus its face.

No, you won't want to miss
the spine-tingling,
mind-numbing horror of
the spine-tingling, mind-numbing horror of
Joan, that thing over there by the acid pool.
Joan, that thing over there by the acid pool.
My God, it ain't got no face.
My God, it ain't got no face.
Rated R.
Corpse that no face?
That's a damn lie.
It was a lie.
It was a lie.
It was a lie.
And don't miss the startling
second facial feature.
They laughed at my face.
They laughed at my face.
Marlee, would you like to go to
senior prom with me?
I certainly can.
But I was just wondering,
why do you always wear that
lead mask and carry that machine around?
lead mask and carry that machine around?
Even when we're
Well, you know,
you've still got that
200-pound lead mask on.

It ain't nothing.
It ain't nothing.
It's just something I do.
It's just to protect the others.
It's just to protect the others.
Well, why don't you take it off?
Well, why don't you take it off?
No, well, I can't take it off.
But I bet you're probably cute
underneath that mask.
I bet you're, you know, pop.
So don't miss either of the
So don't miss either of the
startling double feature.
startling double feature.
Save face this weekend
by seeing both facial features
by seeing both facial features
for the price of one.
Joan, that thing over there
by the acid pool.
My god, it don't got no face.
Yeah!
Plus,
they laughed at my face.
They laughed at my face.
Our films are rated R.
Our films are rated R.
Oh, my god!
Your head was chopped off
Your head was chopped off
Vic Morrow
from a helicopter
played Vic Morrow
lost his head
two little nips
and Vic Morrow
went to work that day
on a stupid movie
now they're dead
now they're dead
I knew there was danger
in this job
Vic Morrow
cause that's what your
contract read
Vic Morrow
Vic Morrow
We'll miss ya
Vic Morrow
We hope that they find
We hope that they find


head
your head
head
head
head
head
head
Drill the hole
right into the wall
Drill the hole
into the stall
Load the tape
into the machine
It's my particular
pervert scene
Beeping on ladies
and little men
You won't have
privacy in my can
Hail, hail VHS
Technology looking
up your dress
Tape, tape
naked girls
My hidden camera's
out of this world
Maybe I'll sell them
at my shows
America's dirtiest
videos
Hey, hey you!
Who the hell are you
taking movies of me
in the john?
Huh?
Why, I'm Bob Saget
You're a pervert!
I'm calling the police
No, no, no, wait
Now, now, hold on, baby
Now, what if I said
I was an important
black filmmaker
like Spike Lee
Pervert!
You're a pervert!
Now, wait a minute
Hold on, hold on
little lady
I didn't do nothing
I'm a pervert

Come on, now
Oh, come on, now
If you're tired of the same old techno toys
have we got something for you
It's the fabulous Bobco Pocket Teleporter
No more costly car repair
No more ghastly gas bills
Sleep later in the morning
Get those kids to school in record time
Never be late for an appointment again
Send annoying flies, roaches and mosquitoes
to those who really deserve them
Combine a dog and a cat in the mix
and create an animal that'll get you booked
on the Letterman Show
Also doubles as a nifty disintegrator
Really cleans up the kids' rooms once and for all
Does the same for that nasty kitchen
and that vile garage full of old National Geographics
Move the car first, Dad
Uh-oh, where's the cat?
Bounce-back feature keeps you from materializing inside solid objects
Send a metric ton of garbage to the steps of a White House
Get rid of unwanted guests
Tax assessors, magazine salesmen and Jehovah's Witnesses
will never bother you again
After walking back from the North Pole
Ha ha ha!
As sure as I'm the alien lovechild of Elvis and Bigfoot
Your teleporter will work till your kids are 80
and bought only two AA batteries
Yes, mad scientist kids will never look the same
once you've had a chance to wreak untold havoc on the neighborhood
with your very own Bobco Pocket Teleporter
Only $29.99.95
From the folks who brought you the personal flying saucer
Subgenius Industries Unlimited
Now where's that pesky poodle?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Uh-oh, a haystack





Sleephead! Quit your job! Slack off! That's right! Just remember, don't bow down, bend over.
Man is a feeling creature.
And because of it, the greatest in the universe.
He learned too late for himself that men have to find their own way to make their own mistakes.
There can't be any gift of perfection from outside ourselves.
And when men seek such perfection, they find only death, fire, loss, disillusionment.
In the end of everything that's gone forward,
men have always said,
men sought an end to toil and misery.
What can't be given, it has to be achieved.
There is hope.
It's J.R. Bob Dobbs, the living slack master in this church of the subjeans.
Great Bob.
I wonder, just who is this Bob?
What about Bob?
Because Bob to me, Bob to me is the distance between point A and point B.
Is he the drug or is he the needle?
Bob to me.
Is he the bullet or is he the gun?
Is Bob the vein, the collapsed vein?
Bob is all, Bob is nothing.
Or is Bob the good one between your toes where it won't show?
Is Bob the moon that's swollen knuckles of greed?
Is Bob a fist clutching dollars?
Bob is the work on the armpit of humanity.
Bob is the work on the armpit of the conspiracy!
Bob ain't no armpit!
Bob ain't no armpit!
There you go, Bobby jean.
Don't getiendo ch הקtiscorsion!
Du coup pariolero!

macilado...




comesse PR妳 SAB,
edition radio with an easy name to remember. Bob. What he'd tempt Bob to do, he wouldn't tempt you
to do, but whatever area you need tempting, he can make it available. What in the world is wrong with
you, woman? Call me. I just see some of you right now saying, well, I don't like this kind of preaching.
Well, big deal. I know a lot of good Masons. I know some Mason men and Mason fruit jars.
You may be clutching in your hand what seems to you to be the last thing you have to hang on to,
and God says, will you give it to me? Will you let me handle it? Stay tuned. Bob will be right back.
If you go out in the woods today, you're sure of a big surprise. If you do this.
That's a female porcupine communicating. When a male porcupine responds, the phrase
call of the wild takes on a whole new meaning.
There's never been an American president named Bob.
You're a king.
There's never been a king named Bob, nor for that matter, a pope named Bob. For that reason, try as you might, you'll find nary a statue or an important monument anywhere raised to the praise of Bob.
But the good folks in Avon, Colorado have decided to rectify that lack of pride in Bob-ness.
They've got a bridge named Bob. Teresa Albertson is the town spokeswoman. We reached her in Bob Hall.
Miss Albertson, I know your first name.
Isn't Bob. So I'm wondering how the town came up with that name.
We had a contest in town, and we had 84 suggestions for naming the bridge. Most of the suggestions were pretty straight or historical, but one of them was Bob.
And when I released the list of suggested names to the local press here, they picked up on Bob and ran with it.
It was just plain Bob. It wasn't Bob something or something Bob.
Oh, and also...
It wasn't Robert. It was just Bob.
How many names were suggested?
84.
84. Were there any odd ones? Not to say that Bob is all that straight for a name, but...
No, Bob was probably the most unique. Some people recommended Nova, which is Avon spelled backwards.
Right.
We also got My Sharona from the song. I think in like the 50s or the 60s, called My Sharona.
My Sharona?
Uh-huh.
I don't know that one.
And let's see. Most of the others were pretty straight, like, um, oh, Avon Crossing, Avon Pass, that kind of thing.
Did you get Avon Lady by any chance?
No, we didn't.
Okay. But, all right, who came up with the name Bob?
Uh, the gentleman's name is Louis Sullivan.
I thought you'd say his name was Bob Sullivan or something.
No, I had someone tell me recently, people who are named Bob are so humble that a Bob would never recommend...
naming a bridge Bob.
Are not most bridges and roads and things in, in, uh, Avon or in, in the United States named after politicians?
Well, gosh, we have a, we have a lake and a big park named after a man here who was a rancher for a long time and eventually became a politician for a little while.
So, yes, I think that's a little more typical.
So you took the, the name went to the city council then?
Yes, it did.
And it was voted on?
Yes.
And the, and the bridge is now called Bob.
It passed on a vote of four to two.
What did the two objectors think of it?
Well, they felt that it was an awfully serious project. It's a very, very big project for the town of Avon. We're building two bridges and a new road. And, uh, they felt that a serious project deserved a serious name.
And they didn't think Bob was serious enough?
Uh, they didn't feel it was quite, quite serious enough.
Describe the bridge for me. Is it just like any ordinary bridge? It goes across the river?
Well, it's across the river and it's about 50 yards long and it's four lanes wide. Um, we replaced a real old bridge that was, kind of needed to be replaced.
And we took the old bridge's frame and gave it to a local town here that really needed a new bridge. So we, we are recycling bridges here.
Don't tell me the old bridge was called Shirley or...
No, we actually hadn't gotten to the point of naming the old bridge.
Well, there is this thing now all across the state, Ms. Albertson. You're right.
You're aware of the, the name Bob has just taken off. There's, there are books about it and...
Why has it become such a fabulously popular name?
Uh, probably because it's so ordinary. It's funny, it seems like a funny idea to take an ordinary name like Bob, maybe Bob Smith or Bob Jones.
Right.
And, and then to exploit it to this point where it just becomes funny, funny, funny.
If you were to take a complicated name like, uh, Brandon...
George.
...Brandon Meyer.
Right.
Quite as interesting.
Yeah, that's...
Ha ha.
That's right. And of course, Bob is spelled the same way back as in forward.
Yes, it has a great advantage.
It's a very simple name.
You can't forget it.
That's right.
Can't be forgotten.
Is there going to be a ribbon cutting, uh, to open, to officially open the bridge?
We had originally discussed, uh, having the official dedication ceremony next spring, but maybe we'll do something here when the road opens up, which will be mid-November.
And there's going to be a plaque on the bridge saying Bob.
I haven't heard confirmation of whether we're going to have a plaque on the bridge or not.
I have a feeling everyone's going to know it's Bob and they don't need a sign.
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
I have a feeling everyone's going to know it's Bob and they don't need a sign.
Everyone's going to know it's Bob and they don't need a sign.
And you won't need a sign, dear friends, because you'll know it's B-B-Bob.
Oh, but you didn't know that you've been listening to, uh...
Oh, we started out with Thing With No Face by Jane or Hyperclete.
The Vic Morrow piece and Chuck Berry piece were by Cates and West.
Pocket Teleporter by Hell Pope Huey.
A subgenius barrage there using clips from, uh, William Gillespie and, uh, Nick Nolan and, uh, even Mike Cole there at WCSB in Cleveland.
Hi, Cleveland.
Uh, the Bridge Named Bob piece, uh, submitted by Reverend Dave Mitchell.
And, of course, the swinging love corpses heard in the background here.
Uh...
Uh, from their new album, You Have To Pay To Be This Way, an all-instrumental swinging love corpse album.
You're listening to the Subgenius Hour of Slack.
You can get more information on us and the church of the subgenius by writing to Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And that means it's halfway point on show.
Turn over side one of show to create and destroy.
Again, side two of show.
Oh, I love those transitions that bring us from side one of show to side two of show.
Oh, yeah.
You don't need a sign.
You don't need a sign.

Bob the Bridge.
Oh, I got a good vibration.
I got a grooving soul.
I can have a boogie woogie.
The kind of thing that just makes you want to consume the demon alcohol.
Alexa, go something like this.
I don't want to get up early in the morning.
I want to sleep all day.
I don't want to ride a crowded subway.
I want to go by car.
You don't need to be serious.
You don't need to be a warlock.
You don't need to be nervous.
You don't need to be an A.A. man.
Ah, ah, ah.
I don't want to work a boring job.
I want to play all day.
I don't want to play the silly field.
I want to kick them out.
You don't need to be serious.
You don't need to be a warlock.
You don't need to be nervous.
You don't need to be an A.A. man.
Ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.
I'm glad we went to bed together.







Independent in the spring.





Ah, ah, ah.

Yeah.
I do not know.

Yes, good morning.
I don't want to get up early in the morning
I want to sleep all day
I don't want to ride a crowded subway
I want to go by surf
You don't need to be sales
You don't need to be a walrus
You don't need to be novice
You don't need to be a big man
Ha ha ha
Ha ha ha
Ha ha
Are you over 18 years of age?
Do you want a part in this nation's war
on drugs?
Do you like to see people urinating at close range?
Do you want a job?
Consider a career in the governor's
Gold and Shower Task Force.
The state mandatory drug testing program
needs motivated, self-starting inspectors
to verify the sanctity of the specimens.
And put the lid down when you're through.
Mrs. Rainwater's right behind you.
Let's go, lady. Come on.
It's not a job for just anybody.
But as an officer in the Gold and Shower Task Force,
you'll be where the action is.
Number one in the front lines
of the war on drugs.
But this door doesn't seem to latch very well.
That's okay. Just leave it cracked a bit.
This is Lieutenant Colonel Ed Stubbs.
Whether you're a dangerous prevert
or just a weekend urophiliac,
here's an opportunity to both satisfy your fetish
and serve your country.
See if you've got what it takes.
Call 1-900-555-WEWE
or come by the recruitment office
at your local public library,
First War Men's Room, Third Stall from Left.
The

The First War Men's Room
The First War Men's Room
The First War Men's Room
Pulse on the sleeves.
And a ruffle round my neck.
And now,
I need to have a pointed hat
with a pom-pom on top.
And a funny red nose.
And I'm a clown.
A funny old clown
dancing around.
Say,
this is just the thing.
I'm thinking about the future.
I'm thinking about the future.
I'm thinking about the future.
I'm thinking about the future.
I'm thinking about the future.
I'm thinking about the future.
thinking about the future
just a bunch of dots
jump up and over the wall and through the small opening as you go down to the other side
drop straight along the edge of the wall so you don't land in the door at the bottom
the scientist took a tiny sample they say that if this experiment works
that at the minimum the approximate learning 100 dealers in florida at the cost of taxpayers
and the government will have sales projections to do the best and the following questions
current history
because it's going to keep up with that age yet we're gonna get a news exclusive on you
with the first aluminum foil wrapper
the doctors say it's gonna take a little longer for simon's squareness to wear off until then
we're using him as a doorstop
you
hello friend and welcome
tonight's sermon is entitled free thought you get what you pay for
you
now the church of the subgenius
has always encouraged free thought friends
don't get me wrong we've always been behind free thought you know that i know that everyone knows
that it's only when you want to know what you think that we charge a donation
and that's also why the church says anything worth knowing is worth paying for
now you have all these so-called normals
these average joe blows
the mediocre majority
the folks who have to go to school to learn how to learn
oh yes they think they know how to think
because why
because they got a piece of paper
a piece of paper friends
that says they know how to think
a diploma friends
created
maintained
signed sealed and delivered by who
the church of the subgenius
is
and they're not just


oh sure they pay good money for that piece of paper too let me just
oh boy
you pay a whole lot of money for it
more than we would ever dream of stealing from you
investing for you
but does a conspiracy
teach you what you think friends
hell no the conspiracy teaches you what they think
why they're so scared
that someone out there might in fact trip upon the truth
and think a real independent thought for themselves
a thought thunk without the guidance of the conspiracy
a non-conspiracy concept
that they force you and everyone else
to go to their conspiracy training schools
for the most formative and most imaginative of their years
you're not alone
you're not alone
and they won't let you out friends
not until you conform to their normality
or one of their carefully selected alternative normalities
oh yes you know what I'm talking about
I'm talking about those hippies
those punks
those skinheads
who wouldn't become dead
think of anything
but the hippest punkish skinnest thoughts
oh sure friends
they think
they're thinking
they think they're rebelling
but they've only joined another branch of the conspiracy corps
oh they're out of the army alright
and they're into one of the other arms of the conspiracy octopus
oh but I disobey all the laws and everything that they tell me to do
friends
that's just reverse psychology they're using on you
the conspiracy is a master of reverse psychology
they want you to disobey them
just say no means just say yes
why do you think they call it dope
they want you to pacify your brain with drugs
they want you to transmit AIDS via every natural orifice
and every unnatural one too friends
it gives them something to waste your time with to avoid getting slapped
while simultaneously providing junk food for thought
to fuel their media hype
something for them to market
and then take from the market
and then black market
and then ban
and then regulate
and all the while
you think it's just happenstance
supply and demand
who are you foolin'
they do the supply and they do the demand in two
and you think you're so clever
because you cheated on last year's income tax
oh friends
so much for your free thought
it was worth precisely what you paid
nothing
nothing at all
and I bet you still don't know what the hell I'm talking about
oh no
I pity you
wherever you may be
oh how I pity you
and Bob pities you even more friends
but let us not hear of the church of the sub-genius
get too smug
too self-righteous
too high and mighty
because friends
we all know there's plenty of what
pseudo sub-genies out there
who just pretend to think for themselves
why do they come to the church friends
because they think
they think it's cool
they can't understand what we're talking about friends
it sounds like a big joke to them
a riddle
something to laugh about
well ha ha ha
that's just fine and dandy
we'll take your money friends
but we ain't touching your soul
hell no
and then again it's not like you give a lot of money anyway
you're afraid to know what you think
you're scared
you're frightened
there may not be anything
well friends
there's only one way to find out
and that's to put your money where your mind is
and if you don't get a quick prompt response in six to eight weeks
well friends
you can just assume the worst
tell them that address
and praise Bob
oh Bob
oh man
oh yes dear friends
and that address of course is
post office box 140306
Dallas Texas 75214
a hooo
kalo
hm
vers

has
sit
It's a provocative, charged, highly controversial topic that we tackle over the next 60 minutes.
We ask you to suspend your disbelief, those of you who are skeptical, those who are believers in this particular phenomenon.
We ask you not to overreact to the stories, the horror stories that you are about to hear.
We're always going to hear the United States.
The major concern for American people is still the economy, not necessarily the Middle East.
And today the government released new statistics that seem to indicate a good reason.
Everything under control has everything under control.
Has everything.
Everything.
Under control.
What he is like.
What he is like.
But I'm only hoping that the spirit will act through him.
What he is like.
What he is like.
But I'm only hoping that we all believe.
All believe.
See, we'll be sold at all because.
Keelbell today blamed our kill bit.
Keelbell today blamed our kill bit.
Keelbell today blamed our kill bit.
Keelbell today.
Working feverishly on the atomic bomb.
Working fist in an apple.
Second.
Satellite that can count the seeds in an apple.
Satellite that can count the seeds on the atomic bomb.
Working feverishly on the atomic bomb.
No one on the block.
I don't know anybody.
No one on the.
Strips of flesh had hung down his back.
And three lips that were caked with blood.
Strips of flesh had hung down his block.
This is mankind's first marvelous glimpse of a living human.
No one on the block.
No one on the block.
No one on the block.

No anybody.
Anybody.
No one on the block.
Anybody.
Anybody.
No one.
No anybody.
Anybody.
No anybody.
Anybody.
No anybody.
Anybody.
No.
Anybody.
We hatch out of its shell and reach the womb cavity.
Two lips that were caked with blood.
Just go on.
We all believe.
All believe.
See, we'll be sold at all.
Because we all believe.
All believe.
Uh, of course the fish is dead, but every night.
Uh, of course.
See, we'll be sold at all.
Our kill bit.
Keelbell today blamed our kill bit.
Keelbell.
Out of the oven.
Even after shaving.
I got out of the oven.
Even after shaving.
I got out of the oven.
Until she gets touched longer.
Roll it out.
Until she gets touched longer.
Roll it out.
Until she gets out of shaving.
I got even after shaving.
Oh, well.
Ahem.
So what?
In other news, uh, millions shop day and night
without buying a thing because they're broke.
Everything's dead except the computer.
Yes, America's recession has spawned an eerie new class
of mall zombies who do nothing but window shop from morning
to night and never buy a thing.
Well.
Here's one now.
Do you spend all your time hanging out
at the mall with your pals?
Mm-hmm.
Your pals, kids.
Do you spend four or more hours a week in shopping malls
without buying anything?
The United States is going to totally sink and sink
and sink it in the water from where
it will come up around.
The waters under the Earth, how mysterious they are.
Yep, they're just going to cover the whole US.
What is that spirit?
Huh?
Hm?
Spirit.
Hm?
Yeah.
What is the spirit of man which goeth upwards
and the spirit of the beast which goeth downward to the Earth?
Ignorance and evil.
Well, you seem pretty scared.
Well, it happens, you know.
Some folks don't like fire hydrants.
Others don't like pointy objects.
As for me, it's 10-pound spiders that suddenly jump in my face.
They're a household pest that everybody has to deal with.
But hey, you mentioned.
Not everybody.
You mentioned something about an ex-girlfriend?
Oh, yes.
Ex the Unknown, starring Dean Jagger.
Mm-hmm.
Does that mean you're a free man now?
I'm as free as anyone can be in this twisted, predetermined salon of sadness.
Oh, my goodness.
Wow.
Mm-hmm.
How do you like that, folks?
We always bring you the best.
Yeah, always the best.
Puzzling Evidence Gossip File.
Gosh and golly, gosh-a-rooty, folks.
It's the time for the Puzzling Evidence Gabbling Gobbling Gossip File.
OK, go ahead.
Here are all your favorites as you like to hear them.
Gossip a-way.
Customers, you tell us about the rituals and tribal rites of today's.
No, that's not what I want to hear about.
Well, what would you like us to go into on the show?
Try something else.
That's what they want to hear about outside, outside there, the audience.
I'll leave that up to you.
I have absolutely no opinion this morning as I am not quite awake yet.
You and me too, but...
I'm awake by the end of show.
Oh, yes.
You know, I've been listening to your show for over six years.
Really?
Yeah.










Over 60 years.
And sometimes I think that you don't appreciate your colors.
Oh, I would if I could, but...
Well, did you know, I, do you appreciate local music in San Francisco?
Local music, yeah.
Well...
Music or local?
The greatest guitarist, Jimi Hendrix, is playing in San Francisco soon.
He's the native of San Francisco.
It's Helios Creed.
Have you heard of him?
I know him.
You do?
I've shared laughs and smiles and tears with him.












You've shared tabs with him, haven't you?
I beg your pardon?
You've shared tabs with him.
I've shared laughs.
Oh, I thought you said tabs.
The last time I saw Helios, we were watching an old Nelson Eddy movie in his beat-up school
bus.
He is the greatest guitarist alive today, I believe, personally.
Well, what do you know about that?
A fan.
Here, have a cigar and put your feet up on the end.
And what are you doing with that cigar?
Oh, I kind of like that.
I wouldn't use a cigar if I were you.
You don't know that.
But I just, I was wondering, you know, I'm a guitarist.

You know, I, sometimes I just don't think you appreciate us callers.
I do appreciate you.
On the other hand, there are certain elements of caller behavior which I must frown at,
if not actively discourage.
Are you familiar with the sport of horse racing?
Get that giant arachnid away from me.
Am I familiar with what?
Are you familiar with the sport of horse racing?
The spore of, oh, the sport of horse racing.
Well, marginally familiar with it.
Do you know what binging is?
Bing-ing-ing.
Bing-ing.
Do you know what that is?
Bing-ing.
No, what is it?
Is it knobbling him?
Is it knobbling him?
No, it's scraping the extra skin off.
That is knobbling him.
Oh, it is?
Oh, well, how do you spell that?
You knobble him a little bit.
How do you spell?
Well, I would never do such things myself.
Well, neither do I.
I just watch.
Well, you are a sick fool, Mr. I.
Well, how do you, how do you spell that?
What do you say?
N-O-B-B-L-I-N-G.
N-O-B-B-L-I-N-G.
Double B.
To interfere with a racehorse in the proud pursuit of his doom.
Could you repeat that again?
N-O-B-B-what?
I am sorry if you're not keen enough to get our pearls of wisdom the first time.
We don't stop and stoop by the side of the road to repeat them again.
N-O-B-B.
N-O-B-B.
B-B is those tiny copper pellets that have offended many a youthful eye.
And you know that I have met the most interesting people while stopping and stooping by the
side of the road.
But how do you spell it?
While stooping in the woods on a snowy day.

While stooping in the woods on a snowy evening.
Well, that's...
Whose woods these are, I think I know.
Yeah, who's stooping to what information?
His house is in the village, though.
He will not see me squatting here to make a stain upon his snow.
You know Helios King?
And yes, we do.
But we don't need to talk about him right now.
We've got 15 minutes left.
Holy show!
Well, what's the topic of the last part of our script, Doctor?
I think coming UFO day, we'll be able to see the world.





It's a little bit more interesting for us, but I think I'll take a look at it.







I think we should talk about UFOs.
UFOs?
Oh!
We should let the audience in on some of the secrets that we know here in the church.
You mean about the aliens?
Yes, Hal.
The beautiful Poo-tees of the future.
Of course, we have been in the arena of these space aliens before.
Both my colleague and I have been interviewed by reputable organizations and have a pillared
in the filmic record of UFO contactees available from do-nothing films in cassette form and
handy compact disc crossover form.
Look for it at stores everywhere.
And now, our national anthem.
Doug, Doug, I don't think this is working.
What?
Oh, it's cool.
Oh, I'm sorry, I see.
This is, okay, all right.
In other news, giant spiders were reported to have lurked near the Berkeley campus in
that troubled university town.
Although local officials claim the sightings are simply a youthful prank, a hoax or indiscretion
of impressionable youngsters, there are those who give the odd claims more than a passing
credence.
Oh, probably.
Uh-oh.
Wouldn't want to give too much credence to them subgenius reports.
Although I guess it's time for me to do a subgenius report here.
I need to let you know what you've been listening to, besides the swinging love corpses in the
background and the hour of slack subgenius show of which all of these things have been
a part.
I played this very weird song that Reverend Day, the president of the New York Times,
Dave Mitchell, had sent in.
The song about slack by a Japanese group, that group is called Shonen Night.
It's a song called Lazy Bones, although I don't think they ever used the word from the
title.
The Golden Showers Task Force was from the all-pro cavalcade for Bob in Atlanta.
They seem to have quite a few.
A few of those little commercial-type announcements, which we'll hear next week, perhaps.
A lot of transitional media barrage-type clips and music mixes, both by William Gillespie
and by Nick Nolan.
A piece of song, Thinking About the Future, by Indian Ropeburn.
And some weird music by an unnamed band, an unnamed cassette.
I got this tape in the mail from somebody named...
Sam in Austin.
You wouldn't believe what was in that package, dear friends, but I'm not going to tell you,
because Sam would get in big trouble.
And a little bit of something called Radio Sphincter from the Dad's New Slack Show of
their port towns in Maine.
And, of course, Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence and The Callers.
The Strange Callers.
The Strange Callers on the KPFA Subgenius Show.
A lot of people have been calling in tonight, been keeping Will real busy on the phone.
Oh, he lied to you.
He was lying.
To find out the real information, what you really need to know, you need to just drop
us a postcard with your address, and we'll send you the free information.
But where and what are we?
That's easy.
Just write to...
Bob.
Simple enough.
Should be.
At Post Office Box 140306.
In lovely Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Once again, that's Bob at Post Office Box 143...
Wait a minute.
One...
Oh, it's the swinging love corpse music in the background.
It's twisting my mind.
That's Box 140306.
Dallas.
Texas.
75214.
Ah, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, you guys hurry up.
Yo, lady, we're digging as fast as we can.
Well, come on.
I'm on in a minute.
Oh, we hit something.
Good.
Good.
Get him up here.
All right.
Now cue the band.
Ladies and gentlemen, 1992 Grammy Award winner, Miss Natalie Cole and her...
Unforgettable.
Unforgettable.
In every way.
In every way.
Unforgettable.
Unforgettable.
Dad.
Daddy.
Come on, Daddy.
Get up.
Daddy, get your bones up here.
You're wrecking the song.
Dad, get up.
Daddy.
Daddy, come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Call me.
The best way in the world for you and me...


...to be victorious...
...is to call the manager.
This is Bob speaking.

I was so psyched out on the Booger Man, I looked everywhere for him.
I was always taught as...
I was always taught as a...
I was always taught as a youngster...
...down in Sweetwater, Alabama, that the Booger Man was gonna get me.
You ever been taught that?
How many have ever been taught to the Booger Man to look for?
Alabama for him.
High for him.
University of Alabama.
University of Alabama.
Gonna get me.
Booger Man to get you.
You ever been taught that the Booger Man looked everywhere for him?
Bob and the Devil.
Bob and the Devil.
We're in space.
Now believe it.
It's real.
The world.
Why is it real?
Do you know where you are?
Nowhere.
Nowhere.
BOMBER.
Now the chips that one won't tell my mother,
Before I was born,
She said, you got a boy childs a-coming.
He's gonna be a son of a gun.
It's gonna make you dance
Jump and shout
Then the world, then the world
Gonna know
What it's all about
So I'm here
Everybody knows I'm here
Yeah
I'm a hootie-cootie man
Everybody knows I'm here
I got a black cat bone
I got a mojo too, baby
I got a little drama coming
We're gonna jump and dance
With you
I'm gonna make you a girl
Leave it by my hand
Then the world, then the world
Gonna know
I'm a hootie-cootie man
So I'm here
Everybody knows I'm here
I'm a hootie-cootie man
Everybody knows I'm here
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Oooh
Yeah
Yeah
oup
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
