Unless they have control of your radio tubes!
Uh, and I do too.
Good. This is Ren Hoag.
And this is Stimson J. Catt of the Ren and Stimpy Show.
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack.
On, uh, local station.
Keep listening, you idiot!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Else I shall kill you!
Okay, all you little squirty honeys out there in radio land.
This is Joe Offrecht of the Order of Dionysus Abasios.
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack with Reverend Ivan Stang.
I'm gonna force you into bed with me!
Ha ha ha ha ha!
You are about to experience the awe and mystery
which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius Hour of Slack!
I believe in just letting the holy benediction of Bob
float.
Flow out like pus from a pustule.
You just don't understand the true power of the show.
Oh, it's very fashionable to say Bob is a good man.
Oh, he was a prophet.
But, uh, the son of Jehovah One.
No, well, ha ha ha.
I don't go for these old superstitions, you say.
Certainly not.
Very fashionable.
It hath not been my use to pray
with moving lips and bended knees,
but silently, by slow degrees,
my spirit's eye to Bob composed.
In humble trust my eyelids close,
in reverential resignation.
No wish described, no thought expressed,
only a sense of suffocation.
A sense, for all my soul impressed,
that I'm out in the street undressed.
Church air, one soul per breath.

Glad to hear from you, and turn the radio on.
Well, I think you'll get the show,
no matter how you're listening.
I'm not sure if you'll get the show,



but I'm sure you'll get the show.
It's being beamed through the heads
of all the Central and Northern California,
no matter what they do.
Yes, this is the show that never stops,
and we whistle our way.
Oh, no, the church air, please.
Where's Whistler?
Oh, yeah, see, as long as the Whistler's on,
we seem to be at peace with our universe.
We don't like to be too confused.
We are able to do more than things.
We are able to do more than things.
We are able to do more than things.
It's happy little blooper
sliding on the rainbow.
Why, oh, why can't I?
Waiting the pathway.
Waiting for the rain to stop.
Eh, the soot on my тому.
Ah, yes, I varieties.
Eh, the soot on my treating.

Ah, unanimous call the
Ah, unanimous call the
Ah, come along.
Follow me, Jack.
The gladiators.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
please
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
See, Dobbs, he sold the planet to the Exists.
Because, you see, he's the world's greatest salesman.
He sold the planet to the Exists, but the Exists made a deal with Bob.
They said, okay, we'll buy this planet, and we'll, you know, we'll do what we want with it.
And, yeah, okay, we'll take care of your people.
We won't kill your people.
His people being the subgenius.
Yeah, I think we each have to realize that we have a responsibility there
and maybe be more bold than we've been,
because our voices are heard if there are enough of us talking.
And we just have to get together as a group of people who are against it,
because the ones that are for it sure do have a voice and are heard.
The world wears a mask to hide its startling differences.
Some natives in Africa enjoy life without clothes.
Only nudists in our part of the world enjoy life without clothes.
Once again, the only visitors WCSB can have loudly resent brain rot, radio fear, and all its nakedness.
Hallelujah!
The strange, the hideous, the amusing, the shocking.
This tribe's ceremony of circumcision is barbarically painful,
but terminates in the boy being cared for by a woman.
Who teaches him the techniques of love.
So that's us.
The subgenius.
We're not gonna die.
We're immortal.
Just like these guys here.
This is crash worship.
This song, if you want to call it that, was recorded live.
Obviously.
At a Samhain ceremony.
Samhain being the holiday that we just had.
Halloween.
Samhain being the holiday that Bleepo and I experienced a week late.
Yes.
Yes.
Samhain is when the veil between the living and the dead is the thinnest.
Normally it's supposed to happen on October 31st.
However, it happened on November 7th and 8th.
Yes.
Yes.
The dead were raised and they came into our house and they, they touched us.
Yep.
We were dead.
We truly were dead.
The devil dog was dead.
We lost reality.
That's what happens on Samhain.
That's what happens.
Stuff like that.
You know, living, walking dead.
Goblins and monsters and evil powers and stuff like that.
What was Bob doing on Samhain?
Bob was probably watching TV or something on Samhain.
Bob does stuff like that.
He doesn't believe.
The living.
The dead.
Ha ha.
No, cause see, mom wasn't there when we destroyed the universe.
Ivan Stang wasn't there when we destroyed the universe.
Not there physically, but he was there in our hearts.
We love him and we missed him so.
We wish that he could have been there to share in this experience with us.
And I just, I would, I would just like to conclude this little story with, with, with,
with a thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you not only to JR Bob Dobbs, our savior, our high E-popped of our church.
We'd also like to thank.
I'm sorry, commander.
No member of my crew wants to be a hero.
And the normal leave is going to be fine without a promotion.
And tell that hunk of metal that MK 31 is returning home.
Captain Ham-
But most of all.
Most of all.
Leepo and I thank.
Thank you.
For bringing us to the edge of the world.
Bringing us careening over the edge.
Down the cliff.
On the rocks.
Split.
Torn.
Bloodied.
Bruised.
Broken.
Atomized.
Thank you.
Wherever you are.
Thank you.
For without you, we would not have raised the dead.
We would not have destroyed the universe and recreated it.
And it's so much better now, isn't it?
You must admit the world is a better place now than it was on Friday.
You have to admit that, don't you?
You're right.
I'll say this right.
You're right.
Of course you have to admit it.
Okay.
Okay.
You know it's true.
Yes.
You're listening to this, aren't you?
Well.
The world definitely is a blessed place.
And this is a blessed radio show.
This is the Church of the Subgenius.
That's it, baby.
There'll be a lot of husband and wife swapping.
There are a lot of great numbers of young people that are going to be living together without getting married.
And I think we see that already.
Even in an area where we live, we're kind of a minority being a married couple.
But again, the thing he's talking about here.
There's not just society at large, but within the church.
Right.
These are sins within the church.
Here in this seaport dive, women can be bought for what you pay for a highball.
We cannot run this ministry on love alone, children.
We wish we could, but I'm afraid you're going to have to reach down in your pocketbooks.
Maybe if we just sold everything we own, we could stay on the air another day.
Those naked girls are doing their wicky-wacky-wacky dance.
Wow.
Take a look at them.
You don't have to.
You don't have to tell me that three times.
Look at them.
You know, those are...
Look at them.
Look at them.
They say every gesture and every movement has a meaning of its own.
And you can believe that.
Watch these wacky knees.
My God, now they're...
My eyes have been glued to that one in the middle.
If I could only pull them off.
Super glue or something.
Ah!
Ah!
Know the thrill of racing bulls.
Or the super thrill of the ultra-dangerous sidecar racing.
Perhaps the most macabre of all.
Are these young lovers.
They find crowds and danger enhances their love making.
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!

Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!


Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Dad Pig vs. Chair Man vs. Horse
How To Play
Casso
Th懵
Son

Man
Land
Whif
L
Just
A case of slaves and slack robbers out to chop your slobber
Pigs and geeks licking the cheese off your tongue
Just when you're ripe and you throw them the load
Slap back them and bomb at them
They don't want your bones and feet
And if you got the cleft in step, mommy-o
It'll hate your worth, hate's way worse
So why can't you please your papa squeeze him
When the gush isn't going all normal and anti-right-line?
Crushing a gaseous sex in your sneezing chamber?
Tossing an empty platter in your beanbag, boy?
Where's your rollerballs at?
I can't drop me no glove throw on these luchu-luchu logo bands
They cut your check purse and water your creamery coming and going
And the slobber to love it won't be your oven
Cause the slacky taps of the Greenwich Center be there claw to bleed
And the slacky taps of the Greenwich Center be there claw to bleed
And the slacky taps of the Greenwich Center be there claw to bleed
They are dogs who do ya
But you are letting them bang down the barn doors
And your cows are getting nicked and out
You be your moon the man
Or a volley of moon to the slasher house
Like good baby butterbutt
Or not
You're gonna have to spreech angry, Jake
Get right with your muscle snake, snow monkey
Quick spreech in your blizzera
Lessen it snow and light lute juice
Elsewise, you're clean bleeders boiling hot water
You'll go blind or please your neater trying not to
Either way, you're getting up on the wrong side
Or get to this kind of free peed-neutering side trade
Well, I want you to just stand there like a Danny Nichols slug
Or you're gonna bust your blimperer in a righteous bargaining
Hey, hey, hey, hey, boy
You got weenie rivers in your fluter tube
And a joint gumption with the true and the seed brave
And paperball, man, it's senior jeans
Buy out the gland owners with what you earn
With your skinny, peely face of pain
Bleach a piece of the fine ass
Have a fuzzy bean bock
And strike your heart-best soft blow
For the rat coin was the rocket rat
This face-out belongs to your worship
And the crack of your choice toys
Then Ivan bought him a flush lugger of tears
To let him stay
You know who's the cop?
Well, that's the gans ain't keen to hob on nobody
No, sir, ma'am
You just work in the buggin' good
And they'll be strong like your man
This has been your re-enunciator
Thank me
Thank you.
Uh, me. Something like that.
Uh, yes, dear friends, that was, uh, that just there, right, Dan,
was indeed huge voodoo with yours truly, Reverend Ive.
I've been staying off, uh, 10 Inches of Slack, the album.
And you are listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
In this case, tonight, a show thrown together at the last minute.
But that's good. That's good.
That forces us to scavenge and parasitize the other shows.
So what you've been hearing, such as KPFA, uh, the Subgenius show there with, uh, Dr. Hal Puzzling Evans,

and Jane or Hypercleets in this particular case.
We also get lots and lots of clips from Brain Rot Radio Theater, WCSB in Cleveland.
Praise WCSB.
Uh, that amazing, senseless waste of airtime that I love so much, uh, starring Scabby, Lonesome, and Psycho,
Toast, Wacky, Sal Wayne, Sam Haines, Lame Brains.
They get you talking all wink-lack and spinny.
Tours.
Uh, also, a young sister, Gobi, on her Subgenius show from far, far up in Rochester, New York.
And all of that intercut in tonight's case with bits and pieces of media barrage, so-called tapes,
put together by our friend, Nancy Regalia.
And, uh...
Zoo Castle Films presents our Insect World Series 9.
Volume 27.
The Fly.
Welcome, boys, girls, men, women, and teachers, to the world of one of nature's most underrated wonders, the common fly.
Yes, the fly.
Both a bold and a shy creature.
He enjoys frolicking on the family's picnic in the park on Sundays.
Yet, he prefers to spend his frappy week alone under a large leaf in his own pipe-like entrenching tool, the proboscis.
The many-faceted eyesight of the fly is so keen, he can detect movements before they even happen.
Making him a hit at parties and a big winner at the races.
But what about nectar?
Well, when the fly finds its time to mate, or rut, he puts out his feelers, turns up his olfactory and other sensory nerve inputs,
and scans the horizon for the picante, marshmallow smell of a female fly in heat.
Ah, lucky fellow, he's found one.
Yes, her mysterious dance seems to lift up his day and light up his night.
But it's all right.
As she comes to accept him, it's no secret that the fly's orgasmic pleasure is matched only by his built-in proportionate appetite.
And it's his infinite inability to remain in a fixed location for any length of time.
For no sooner has the mating couple filled each other's goby nodules with albumin and spoo,
than the fly, ever-touring, ever-seeking nectar, flies off to another destination,
smiling all the while as the facets in his mirror-like covering reflect grace, land, and mansions of endless stars,
thus filling in the blank spaces of nature's lost address book.
Is it all in the name of love? Or is this conscious pest but a note in the marvelous symphony of nature's universe?
Perhaps we'll never know. But the next time you see a common fly, remember, there's more to this pest's quest.
If you're looking for a lucky fellow's life, then Rancid Oatmeal and his attraction to that light bulb over your bed.
Yes, one of nature's most misunderstood anomalies, Mr. Fly will always be a part of Our Insect World.
Two-headed Elvis baby found in Martian spaceship!
Creature from future lands in Times Square with answer to world pollution!
Family dog performs emergency surgery on injured boy.
Looking for hidden messages?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You want the truth?
You don't know what you...
Well, if you do...
Just keep listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
And you could also, you could, yes, write for free information if you're one of those who hasn't actually done that yet.
Just drop that self-addressed stamped envelope in the mail to Bob at, yes, post office box 140306, Dallas.
Texas.
75214.
And we'll be giving that number again and again and again.
In fact, I'll give it now.
It's post office box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
We pause now to flip.
I see him.
I, I, I worked for the conspiracy.
Don't be working for that conspiracy, man!
I worked for the conspiracy.
Don't be working.
Yes, I have to pay for it.
Work for Bob.
Work for Bob.
Work at the rent.
Live on the street.
Work for Bob.
I worked for Bob and I live on the street.
And these Christians, they took me in, they gave me a home and they fed me.
And then they, they said all the things I did that make me feel good, this I shouldn't be doing.
And I feel guilty and I feel guilty for every...
Stop.
You know, you know, you know what you need to do.
You need to get down.
Put those drawers against your knees.
And stick yourself right up against the wall.
Get the radio and get ready.
You know, you need to have those guilty hands leave your body.
Get ready, my friends.
Give it to me, River.
Give it to me, River.
Give it to me, River.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I feel it.
Oh, I feel it.
Do you feel it, you feel it's leaving?
Oh, I feel it.
Can you get it?
Get it.
Get it out.
I feel something arising in me.
Get it out.

I feel something arising in me.
Feel the rising.
Feel the rising.
You know.
I feel it arising.
Well, that's how you know that it's working.
So, everybody just relax.
I'm going to get you out of here.

And enjoy the warm glow, the warm sting of the glow.
And don't forget, now that you have received this great gift straight from Bob himself,
you need to pay and to tithe unto Bob.
Nothing's free.
Oh, my buttocks are so red and swollen.
I feel like a new man.
I feel safe.
It's a good feeling on this cold night, that warm glow in the buttocks.
I feel like a new man.
I feel like, I feel like, I feel like quitting my job.
That's right.
Quitting your job.
I feel like quitting my job.
Quit that job.
I feel like sending all my money to Texas.
That's right.
Sending it in.
All my money.
My rent money and the money I've been saving up to get my mom that operation so she can
get a new heart.
Ah, she doesn't need a new heart.
Because she eats bacon and she feels guilty about it and her heart's going to stop.
Well, it's best for your mother's heart to stop rather than one of the poor slackless
children in the home for slackless children.
To go without their, you know, their facials and their plastic surgery this month.
So send that money in.
Now, we're up to our long distance dedication.
And this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand.
Whether we have kids or pets or neither.
It's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio.
And here's what he writes.
Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere
and it'll mean a lot if you're willing to help.







I want you to play it.
Recently, there was a death in our family.
He was a little dog named Snuggles.
But he was most certainly a part of, let's start again.
From coming out of the record.
Play the record.
OK?
Please?
That's the letter U and the numeral two.
Nobody cares.
Snuggles.
Snuggles.
Snuggles.
The number that's missing is three-fifths of a second.












There's a little dog named Snuggle.
This is American Top 40.
This is American Top 40.
This is Boat Head.
Yep, with you.
No one else, just you.
Here's the first Top 40 hidden.
Guess what?
For the Irish band from Dublin who call themselves U2.
I have run.
I have crawled.
I have scaled these city walls.
Crawled.
Yeah, that's a great idea, but nevertheless, I have done that for you.
Oh, yeah.
You can feel the love coming from Reverend Nikki.
You can feel the love as it pulsates from her very breast.
Oh, yeah.
I can feel it.
I can feel the pulsation.
As long as you can't smell it.
I am French, you know.
Yeah.
Oh, you're Americanized French, aren't you, Nikki?
That's right.
I took a bath this morning.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hose down and de-louse.
Welcome to America.
Uh, and speaking of the French, if you know anyone out there who's French, kill them.
Oh, now, now.
We're just kidding.
We wouldn't want to tell you to kill the French.
No, no.
We don't want to tell you to kill the French.
That's what got Manson in.
Well, not the French, actually, but just for telling people to kill other folks.
We don't want to tell you to kill the French, but we're forced to.
Yeah.
Well, you know, it would be bad if somebody out there were listening to us and got the
idea in their head to go out and kill someone just because they're French.
That would be a bad thing.
We think that if someone out there really wants to go out and kill someone who's French,
they should get the idea on their own.
And just because we keep using the French word, we don't know what's going to happen.
We're using the words kill and French in the same sentence.
Don't try to take that as any kind of a subliminal order.
Don't kill the French.
Don't kill the French.
Don't kill the French.
Oh, but look at all the great things the French people have given us.
Oh, yes.
Leprosy.
Venereal diseases.
Crack whores on every street corner.
Oh, yes.
Artists who paint with brushes stuck in their butts.
Oh, yes.
Look at all the great things the French have given us.
Perfume.
Perfume.
The French gave us perfume.
You know, in France, they use perfume in the subways to mask the stench of urine.
But here in the United States, we use urine to mask the stench of the French.
That's right.
And, dear friends, at that point, I'm afraid that I must censor this show.
I had left a statement or two by Dr. Lagume.
I left a statement or two by Dr. Lagume in there, in the previous version of this show,
because it was so funny.
It made my eyes water.
But it was the kind of statement that could be taken just...
Well, it was the kind of statement that you can lose a show over if somebody gets the wrong idea.
So instead, you're just going to have to listen to me apologize for having to censor things because...
Well...
Well, it's probably for the best.
It was pretty brutal, friends.
He polluted rivers.
And they've got their artsy-fartsy museums.
Oh, and their classic French literature.
Come now.
You ever met a Frenchman who can read?
They import that stuff.
They have ghost writers.
They have the English write all of their stuff for them and send it over to them.
And in return...
Well, I guess the French give nothing in return.
And it's true, they should give something in return.
I mean, there are many things that the English really could use.
Oh...
Instructions on oral hygiene, for instance.
Oh...
And you know, it is an historical fact that all French literature was really written by German ghost writers who were actually born in Austria.
That's right.
Where they are...
Where the paper hangs on the walls.
Hung by the crazed Austrian paperhands.
And look but...
Doesn't this look girly, mister.
Well, I don't...
This looks like a goodical example of how much talk culture holds.
Oh...


I don't know what you allRL did, but we found these New YorkuyorsunДа impresses.
.
Aren't these little dirty things made in Germany?
Must be purple- counseling
You know...
It's touchy...
It wasn't really a wet dream, but just a drawing on the back of a napkin in a diner somewhere
of a wet dream.
And it wasn't even a real diner.
It was actually a bowling alley that had a lunch counter, but they didn't bowl there
anymore because the neighbors complained about all the noise.
And there weren't even really any neighbors there to complain because the French ate them,
those cannibalistic French bastards.
Of course, it's not really cannibalism when a Frenchman eats a human.
Only when a Frenchman eats a Frenchman.
And we all know that it'll be hundreds of years before the French are allowed to mate
with anything even remotely resembling humans.
Maybe 200 years.
Why, they have...
Look at the history of France.
They had king and queen.

They had kings like Louis XIV.
They don't even have last names, just numbers.
How can you trust a country where the people have numbers for last names?
How can you trust people who think that Jerry Lewis is a genius?
I know you all hate Jerry as much as I do.
I hope someone makes soap out of him.
Jerry Lewis, sir.
That would be funny.
Let us test us.
Let us test us.
Motivated fucking school.
We live on the west side.
Let us test us.
We call opportunity, except if I pay every dollar.
Well, I don't get paid to bring you the word of Bob and the friends, and I'm telling you
that sex is all right.
Yee-haw.
Bob wants you to enter a subgenius short duration marriage with a prairie squid and get, I said,
get down.
Yee-haw.
The normals.
The normals are taught in what they are pleased to call their holy scripture that the lust
for money is the root of all evil.
The lust for money is the root of all evil.
And yet you walk into one of their churches and you see that they are not the same.

And what's sure to happen.
That's right, brethren.
They're going to ask you for money.
Pink churches are the greatest property owners in the world.
They're tax-exempt and make billions upon billions of dollars a year, yet they preach
that lust for money is the root of all evil.
The conspiracy's strategy of keeping the dull notes.


Normals trapped in a double paradox of sin and hypocrisy over sex and money makes them easy to control through guilt.
Hell, they'll even try to make you feel guilty about being smart enough to see through their game.
They're forever adding two and two and getting five, but they think that's the right answer, even though all of their works ultimately come to naught.
Even though the real answer is literally blowing pipe smoke in their very nostrils.
Verily, they have noses, yet refuse to smell.
And that's the real sin of the pinks, my brethren in Bob.
Willful, willing, ignorance, and stupidity.
And that, brethren, is a sin in the eyes of Bob.
Oh, Bob.
And as far as...
As far as I'm concerned, that makes it the only sin worth listing as a sin.
Willful ignorance is the sin that evil normal humans wallow in as if it were something to be proud of.
They flaunt their sin of Jehovah One-inspired, indescribable, self-inflicted stupidity,
while they cheerfully destroy the only planet known.
That they...
That they can live on.
These normal religious nuts are so steeped in hypocrisy that they can say,
Thou shalt not kill with a straight face, and yet be ready to jump up any time some two-bit fascist scumbag declares a war.
And they cheerfully obey and slay each other in droves.
And all with the blessings of their priests, who travel with their armies,
to reassure the soldiers that their evil imaginary gods are with them,
and will even aid them in the slaughter of their enemies.
Yes, my brethren, the normals are conditioned to live in the sins of ignorance and hypocrisy
from such an early age that it has been easy to convince many of them that they were actually born in sin.
Being born a sinner as the result of a sinful act committed at their conception.
But no one is born a sinner, my friends.
No one is born a sinner to Bob.
Everyone is born with the opportunity to see the truth, pull the wool over their own eyes,
warp their own DNA.
Wallow in the gutter with the prairie squid of their choice.
And most importantly, get saved aboard the excessed pleasure ships.
Everyone is born with that chance to escape the conspiracy trap of constant sin and guilt manipulation.
But few take that opportunity.
The lies of the conspiracy,

are plain to all who care to see them.
Lust for money is the root of all evil.
Give us your money, thou shalt not kill,
except when we order you to for God and country.
Now, the word and will of Bob
is manifest all around you at all times,
just as the desire for slack
is always within you.
Bob's saving excuse from sin is not only easy to find,
it's punching you right in the freakin' face all the damn time.
Bob is in your face now,
and Connie sits on it now.
The odor of Bob's pipe and the odor of Connie's, uh, uh, uh,
are blasting into your third nostril.
Can you continue to deny their overpowering psychic stench?
Can you continue to live,
knowing you are a living sin against Bob,
and a stink unto his very nose?
Oh, you'd better think it over, friends,
because X-Day is coming right down on you like a rabid face-raping bat in estrus.
And if you're still trapped in that pink sin and guilt trip,
then on that day, Bob and the X-ists will stamp the final seal on your state of sin,
and you will be forever doomed to endless cycles of despair in eternity,
condemned to a self-generated nightmare of sin and guilt and penance,
forever and ever.
Forever?
I strongly...
And ever.
Isn't it amazing, dear friends, how a subgenius preacher
can make you feel so guilty about feeling guilty?
It's beautiful the way we, uh, uh, do that.
You know, well, you have to fight fire with water,
is the way we look at it in this religion, friends.
Let me give you some credits here.
That's a rather long...
And that was chopped down some.
I just skipped the whole first half.
That was, uh, Reverend Nolan Void on WREK in Atlanta.
And, uh, it's a shame, apparently, just last week,
Dr. Nolan Void swore off Bob and the church,
or at least swore off doing the radio show anymore
and got mad at Sister Susie the floozy,
and I don't know.
These...
You know, they don't call them high,
they call them high-unpredictables for nothing.
But luckily, we have lots of tape of the, uh, performer,
I guess he would say, uh, Nolan Void.
And, uh, unless he tells us not to play him.
Yes.
And, oh, and before that,
an incredibly tasteless stretch of, uh,
Doctor Like You with, uh, Reverend Nikki Death Chick
and, uh, Dr. Edward Strange,
from, uh, that station in Philly.
What is this station?
In, in, uh, it's right outside of Philly.
There, anyway, well, we love you, uh, dear friends,
and Dr. Strange, and...
Or, I guess he's not Dr. Str...
I don't know what's going on, man.
Let's just listen to Hendrix for a minute.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
started in all this fog.
Gary, turn on the radar.
Hey, this is a Whiskey Yankee Kilo 8231.
Set it for New York.
Range mark.
Oh, here we are.
Back again, live on the air.
Oh, the fair is so much fun down here.
This is the real radio show here.
Parades going by, and the fireworks are going off.
Just amazing.
Just amazing.
The cameras, you can see your monitors from where you are,
wherever you are in the fairgrounds.
You can see the presidential motorcade has started here
and there.
Once again, throwing the groceries out of the way.
Bernice, I'm only on one side.
Could I be on both sides?
Hype-shaped fireworks.
They're fading off into the back.
Are we both there?
Wait a minute.
Giant subgenius toilet flushes the dregs of subgenius life
into subgenius hell.
We wake up Saturday morning.
Yes.
And we're back again.
How amazing.
How amazing.
You act like you're a bunch of babies or something.
Yes, we're the big, big, stinking babies.
That's just the way it is at this hour
in the morning for most normals.
Well, back to the parade now.
As you can see, the marching infants band
has been passing by now with all those little instruments
are welded to their little faces.
And they're about, well, from four months to eight months old.
It's just breathtaking here, the huge flowered floats
of the Dobbs head being pushed.
Bobbin.
Bobbin.
Yes.
And then the gigantic pipe float that you were just mentioning.
There's the inflator in the parade.
And now here's the inflatable pipe now.
And then there's the ocotisma head right behind it.
And the giant.
This must be one of the doctor bands that are coming up here.
About a mile down the avenue there,
I can see the giant bloody head of Arnold Palmer,
which is an exciting moment for the children here.
Because that drips real blood.
And they like to run out and get the blood.
And it helps well.
Yes.
Although completely severed, the head will bleed forever.
OK.
And World Cup golfers are great.

Very important in this part of the world.
More important than many of the sports figures except for,
and now we have the wonderful treat that all of the children
have been waiting for, Vic Morrow.
That's a repulsive cycle.
Now don't do that.
You're making me nervous.
And above all, don't place a limitation on your own future.
You know, my real estate course is merely
a course to some people, an article.
It's just another item of information to be tossed away.
These short-sighted bobbies simply cannot see the great opportunity
that lies before them in such a unique program as our show.
Exactly.
You see, it's always bend over and with a cheerful grunt
to pick up any dime that you find before you.
And with a pocket full of these, you'll soon have a dollar.
And well, this dollar can be the first step in a series of steps,
from stepping stones to high-stepping success.
Soon you'll be goose-stepping over the bodies of the poor and decrepit
as you march your way...
Oh, I'm sorry.
I was a little bit too exuberant there.
These folks are going to have to go to the wall,
but then that is necessary for you to achieve...
...true wealth and power, such as I, Dr. Howell Weald,
in my giant mansion with my fleet of expensive automobiles
and terrified children.
And I'm a very tired, cowering servant.
And you can be like me and splash in my giant warm water pool
with a bevy of idiots.
It's all possible.
Just grasp the brass ring...
...and with my robotized investment counselors,
I need not lift a pencil to scratch my John Hancock on a single document
to get Rich's creases by 12 p.m. daily.
Sensational is just no good.
The most sophisticated robot on the planet could...
Yes, this giant robot will answer all your questions.
And once you become a member of my real estate seminar,
this robot will teach you how even a non-human can achieve financial parity
in today's collapsing money market.
