And you, yes you, are about to experience the awe and mystery that reaches from the
inner mind to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Uh, yes, and we're going to get right into it tonight, friends, because we have a lot
of ground to cover.
A whole lot of ground to cover.
This is going to be, uh, the Dr. Legumes super PR normal freak out special, uh, episode of
Hour of Slack here with Church of the Subgenius.
And, uh, and also we've got, um, the amazing tape Apocalypse Now the Opera by, uh,
Brain Rot West radio shorts.
I thought I was playing that last week, but it turned out to be, uh, just the prelude
to the actual opera itself.
But in the meantime, friends, I would like to read to you, uh, by way of introduction
to everything from this, uh, Christian newsletter called the Christian Sentinel, a quarterly
publication of Eastern Christian Outreach, September 1994.
They have...
Well, it's a little article in here called Peter Popoff Meets His Match by Jackie Alnor.
And there's a singularly inaccurate picture of our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And it says here, Bob is sometimes referred to as deity.
The symbolic leader of the Church of the Subgenius is a caricature of a man whose 1930s
photo was used as the inspiration.
I'm sorry, but the leader of our church is not the caricature of a man.
He is a man who is a caricature of all men.
And, uh, actually, this music in the background is irritating the living daylights out of me.
Let's see if this is a little bit less busy.
Uh, Sosodata here in the background.
That sounds fairly smooth.
I think I can read this, uh, Christian article to you.
And, uh, to those of you who've never heard...
known anything about the Church of the Subgenius, in some ways, this article by our enemies
and the one I'm about to read from a newspaper, uh, may clue you in better than anything we
could say ourselves.
And according to this article, Peter Popoff meets his match in the Christian Sentinel.
Quote,
Dr. Legume, as he likes to be called, used the word cheesy to describe his group's literature.
He and Popoff have something in common.
Earlier this year, uh, ECHO, that's, uh, Eastern Christian Outreach Volunteers,
attended a Peter Popoff crusade in Philadelphia in order to hand out literature warning people
about the evangelists' deceitful fundraising methods.
Popoff is well known, especially in the Christian Sentinel, for his work on the Christian Sentinel.
And, uh, he's also known as the American Subgenius, his friend, for faking so-called words of
knowledge via an electronic listening device hidden in his ear, dictated by his wife as
she learned people's identities and ailments.
The discovery was made by the agnostic magician, the amazing Randy, who brought the recorded
evidence on Johnny Carson's The Tonight Show in the early 80s.
As we were standing in the driveway of the hotel where the Peter Popoff crusade was taking
place, holding our...
holding our signs that read,
Peter Popoff could be hazardous to your spiritual and financial health, we got into a somewhat
heated discussion with some of Popoff's devotees who were furious with us for taking a stand.
They were too young in the Lord to know of the now-faded memory of Popoff's 15 minutes
of humiliation on national television, which no doubt is one of the reasons that Popoff
has resurfaced.
As we were attempting to enlighten them, a large man wearing a clerical collar,
over a black turtleneck and dark jeans appeared.
He said nothing, but just listened in on the conversation.
When the hostile Popoff followers left, we turned our attention to the curiosity seeker.
He said he was on the same side as us, but that we wouldn't like his cult either.
When pressed for the identity of his group, he told us about the Church of the Subgenius.
Now this is unlike any...
Church.
That anyone is familiar with.
It's pretty much an organized, ongoing spoof of religion, both true and false.
I recognized the cartoon picture of the group's fictitious leader, Bob.
I had seen some of their literature that was distributed in the early 80s in Southern California
and remembered their cynical style of writing about religion.
Our strange ally, Dr. Legume, as he likes to be called, not his real name, actually it
is his real name, friends.
He used the word cheesy to describe his group's literature and described his church as a
Roll Your Own religion.
Members of the 1970s rock group Devo participated in the formation of the Church.
It didn't take long to discover the Subgenius' method of collecting the data that inspires
his writings.
We saw Dr. Legume again in the hotel ballroom as we waited for Popoff's crusade to begin.
He was standing in the rear by the book table.
He walked up to me wearing a Cheshire Cat grin, a Cheshire Shat eating grin one might say, and said,
Look what I found! Popoff's Bible!
He showed me a red leather Bible stuffed with notes and asked me if I wanted to make off with it.
I don't work that way, I responded. That would not be honest.
After the singing ended, Popoff took the stage and began to tell many stories about angels have helped believers in gaining finances.
Some friends wrote to me and gave me a testimony of how unseen angels protected their farmhouse from a tornado headed straight for them.
Unfortunately, said Popoff, I was going to show you the picture they sent of their intact house amid devastation all around,
but I had it in my Bible back there on the book table, and now it's gone.
I looked over at Dr. Legume, and he was wearing a devilish grin.
The Church of the Subgenius and Peter Popoff have something in common.
They both throw.
They both thrive on spiritual deception.
The difference is, the subgeniuses admit their own depravity, and Popoff denies his.
Dr. Legume ridicules things that are holy, as well as things that are not holy, and blurs the distinctives between the two.
Popoff lifts up what is holy, the Bible, and misuses it for his own ungodly gain, which discredits the Bible when people become victimized.
The results are the same.
Disillusionment.
Disillusionment in God and his word.
And yes, friends, it's true.
Our good friend, Dr. Legume, has shown up.
Actually, there's a photograph of Dr. Legume speaking with Peter Popoff.
He was, in fact, trying to warn Popoff about the evils of the Church of the Subgenius,
so that Popoff, in his hilarious radio broadcast, would start griping about this new threat to Jesus' power.
You know, even scarier than the Scientologists or the Moonies.
Dr. Legume has been a dues-paying subgenius for several years now.
He's a fine...
Oh, excuse me.
A fine...
I shouldn't have eaten those Malaysian beans for dinner.
Dr. Legume is not only an excellent writer, known for his little comic books and his tracts, such as Evil Grinning Death,
a wonderful description of Bob,
also for his preaching, which he has frequent...
I have had the honor of preaching with Dr. Legume all over the East Coast.
He's rather an imposing-looking subgenius of the Sternoidean or Sternoidal type.
He actually is a steroid experiment.
He's a large, handsome, very muscular fellow who has a sort of a Clint Eastwood killer death long coat that he wears,
along with his clerical suit.
And his black semi-cowboy hat.
And kind of a skinhead look with a beard, but kind of a skinhead look to him.
Very short.
But wait a minute.
This music...
I'm sorry.
This music just...
Now it's fighting me again.
One has to constantly shift materials in and out here.
We'll put on an old standby here.
I believe this is...
Yes!
Yes!
But the best of all!
Better than being reported upon.
By some knee-jerk little fiddly-biddly Christian fanzine.
September 25th, on the front page of the Courier Times, one of the biggest newspapers in the state of Pennsylvania, servicing most of Philadelphia.
On the front page is this article about, well, prayer, praise, and a man named Bob.
And there's this color photograph of the evil Dr. Legume showing off his Wings of Slack tattoo and his clerical collar,
and looking like he's about to hit somebody, possibly the photographer, right in the face.
And the article by the renowned Dana DeFilippo, or DePhilippo, or whatever, goes like this.
They worry.
They worry.
They're worried about witches and wackos.
So, vigilantly, Bill Park and his 20 Warriors for Christ watched over this weekend's happenings at the Philadelphia Conference on Cults, the Occult and Word Faith in Feasterville.
Quote,
It's a cult conference.
You never know if things could get out of hand, said Parks, a retired Philadelphia police officer,
who kept a firm grip on his walkie-talkie and a steady eye on the door.
Actually, it was the cult conference, billed as the biggest Christian conference on cults ever on the East Coast.
It drew about 1,000 Christian countercultists from across the country.
Their aim? To educate and network, but most importantly, to fight the growing presence of cults nationwide.
And on Friday, they didn't have to look far to start fighting.
Praise Bob!
Dr. Katahdin Legume strolled into the cafeteria at high noon, and everywhere, heads turned.
Maybe it was the clerical collar.
Most likely, it was the tattoos and black leather vest.
Whatever the reason, Legume didn't care.
He didn't come to cause trouble.
He wanted, simply put, to, quote,
give them a look in the ugly mirror.
And Dr. Legume continues,
A lot of churches, they insist that they're right and all the other churches are wrong,
said the 30-year-old Legume, an admitted cultist from Delaware County.
In our case, we'd have to say the same thing.
See cults 13a.
Let's see, ah, here we go.
That case is the Church of the Subgenius.
It's God.
J.R.
Bob.
Dobbs.
Bob was a salesman in the 1950s, Legume explained during a break in the conference Friday.
One day, he was working on a TV set.
The wiring went wrong, and he was zapped.
He had a vision, was seized up, and taken before Jehovah One.
Jehovah One, for all those unversed in the finer points of belief in Bob,
is the same Jehovah,
Christians believe in, except that subgenius followers think Jehovah was an extraterrestrial.
Jehovah One gave Bob the sacred prescriptures, Legume said.
And what did they say?
The message of the prescriptures is that we're right and they're wrong, Legume said,
gesturing to the Natalie-dressed mainstream Christian ministers eating lunch around him.
The conspiracy of normalcy took slacking off away from everyone,
and Bob wants us all to have that slack, too.
It sounds silly, and it is, Legume admitted.
It spoofs much of what mainstream religions preach.
Bob's wife, Connie, is known as the anti-virgin,
and subgenius worshippers go to devivals instead of revivals.
But the 40-year-old faith, headquartered in Texas, is serious,
and counts 75,000 to 100,000 members worldwide, Legume said.
Such numbers are what kept worried conference participants nodding their heads and shouting,
Amen, and praise God, as speakers denounced the evils of cults.
The three-day conference held at the Calvary Chapel of Lower Southampton
offered about 50 workshops on everything from Satanism to mind control.
Cults still are a tremendous problem, said Bill Alnor,
a Calvary Chapel staffer and president of the anti-cult Eastern Christian Outreach of Philadelphia,
the guy who wrote the article we read previously.
We get people out of cults every day.
Oh, this county boasts its share of cults,
most notably a large population of witches in the New Hope area, Alnor said.
I bet I know them witches.
What they say about how cold they are is not true.
Conference-goers define cults rather broadly to include televangelism,
the Mormon Church, Islam ,
Scientology, and any non-Christian faiths.
It's been a problem for an eternity and probably will be forever,
said Pat Ryan, a Philadelphia counter-cult counselor
and former member of a transcendental meditation cult in which followers believed they could fly.
That was TM, where they'd go hopping around on their butt muscles.
But that doesn't mean it's a lost cause.
Cancer's existed forever, but we try to prevent it and help the people who have it.
That's what we've got to do with cults.
And you know the wonderful thing about that conference and the way this newspaper reported on it
was they gave Dr. Legume and the Church of the Subgenius three-quarters of the article.
And, uh, and...
So...
Speaking of evil Dr. Legume...
By the way, although I don't believe he listens to the Hour of Slack in Philadelphia,
I must, must congratulate him on that.
Really, one of the greatest subgenius PR scams yet.
He is a master of the royal mind-rape of the normals.
He truly is.
And to prove that, I'm going to take a plunge and play you a tape,
which I will have to severely and probably most clumsily edit,
uh, for profanity and bor- boring stretches.
A tape of Dr. Legume initiating a young would-be subgenius.
He was a dues-paying subgenius, but, well, until we got through with him,
you might call him sort of a praise-Bob, gimme-slacks-spouting Bobby.
He was just a young feller.
Young Reverend Josh.
I can understand that.
I was the same.
I was the first one.
I was the first of the Bobbies myself.
I was initiated just, well, in rather a different way.
It took longer in those days.
Dr. Legume, over a period of a year, developed this initiation.
And I cannot give you the final punchline,
and I cannot play the end of the tape,
because that would ruin it for everyone else.
But the build-up to it is quite nice.
Hopefully.
This is assuming I edited it well.
To set the scene.
This happened at a place that those anti-cultists,
if they could see it for half a second,
would flip their lids, drop their drawers,
and bend over, giving up forever.
Because the power of the cults would look so attractive to them.
I'm talking about the Starwood Festival in rural New York,
held in the woods at a big sort of campground in rural New York every year.
The Starwood Festival actually is,
it's more like Mondo 2000 come to life,
with a smattering of witches and druids doing their corny thing here and there,
and sort of cyber weirdos doing their spectacular things here and there.
There are always subgenius revivals.
It's one of my favorite events.
I love it.
It's good, clean fun.
And especially since they have hot showers and so forth there.
Anyway, Friday night, I believe it was, at the festival,
very, very late, Dr. Legume rattled my tent door,
woke me up, said,
Reverend Stang, I got young Reverend Joshua primed.
He's going to go through the initiation.
Grab your tape recorder and let's do it.
So I come hobbling out of the tent,
with my little handheld deck stuck in my pocket,
with a mic clipped to my belt buckle.
And we meet Reverend Josh in the woods,
and stride off across this field in the dead of night.
Now, while you're listening to the tape,
keep in mind that it is a stormy night.
It's not raining, but there's thunder and lightning.
And the wind is whipping pretty hard.
You may hear that on the mic.
And on top of that, I mean, this is a pagan sort of festival.
There is drumming going on all the time.
Primitive, proto-Zermatic drumming.
The drumming of Ahor.
Like something to summon the demons from below hell.
Actually, there's not a Satanist around.
A lot of subgeniuses.
Well, let's just go to that tape before I take up any more time.
And then after that, we will hear just some more,
much more slickly recorded material from Reckless.
Radio shorts, the apocalypse now.
Opera.
But for now, let's go into that horrible replay
of the disgusting and terrifying for this young man.
Because, you know, he didn't know Dr. Legume,
and he didn't know me.
And he's like this college kid from up north
who has come to see his subgenius heroes preach.
Well, they probably weren't his heroes when all was said and done.
But knowing this, of course, Dr. Legume and I
cranked up our fierce redneck accents to the max.
Legume's appearance I have described.
I, nowadays, kind of look like David Koresh
crossed with Charlie Manson,
crossed with Howard Stern.
And, uh, it's just the sorts of things,
you know, these sort of tattooed, covered rednecks.
The kind who would most,
uh, easily, uh, intimidate a trusting young, uh, a Yankee.
So, we go now to those tapes.
Thank you.
Which kid is this? Do I know him?
His name is Joshua.
Oh, yeah. Okay.
Joshua is standing in the future.
Oh, right.
Ready for his test of faith.
Yeah, I want to see this.
You better stand.
Yeah, we're gonna go.
Greetings.
Howdy.
I am Joshua.
Yeah. Have we met before?
Uh, I bought a tape from you.
Showed it to some friends.
They really, they haven't been able to sit down for a week.
Uh-huh.
Had a party, uh.
Won't be able to do all kinds of things for a week after this.
Yeah, the old subgenius test of faith.
See, you really like Bob.
You talk about Bob an awful lot, don't you?
It's time to learn.
Go have a little chat with Bob ourselves.
What do you say?
It's not illegal to talk with this man, Bob.
Yeah.
His...
You might be seeing him face to face if you're not careful.
They always want to get close to Bob.
As long as it's face to face and not some other orifice to orifice.
Oh, no, no. Nothing like that.
Young Joshua pulls out a toy plastic knob.
Come, let's take a walk over to where I can find a place for me to sit.
I think I'm going to need a little more.

But, um...
Uh...
The boy is now walked to a, uh...
Doesn't he need like a table or a altar or something?
There's sort of a little area right over here with a whole bunch of...
I don't want to use the car because...
Yeah, let me stop here.
Um.
Dr. Legume is leading us over to what basically looks like an altar in the middle of a field
far, far away from where anybody could hear the screams of pain.
And, so, therefore it's rather spooky or something.
You know, the kid, there really isn't anybody around to help him.
It's very, very dark and very stormy and spooky.
And in the middle of this field is like a teepee frame.
It was later used to fill up with logs so that the gigantic bonfire could be created on that spot.
But this Friday night, it was just this mysterious looking bunch of long logs set, lashed together in sort of a teepee shape.
And in the center were, well, was one very large stump, a chopped off stump, forming sort of a table, kind of a mysterious altar thing.
So let's see.
This guy's in this cute little plastic place, visiting it out.
I have a stake that is irretractable.
Oh, man.
Dr. Legume is displaying the spike.
That's what you used on the last guy?
Yep.
It's a good thing I only had to do the ganja bar.
This spike, dear friends, is like a railroad spike, a stainless steel, very sharp spike, about nine inches long.
I've got a lighter.
That's okay. I've got a blind bolt.
Oh, that's right. That's right. I forgot about the blind bolt.
Here's a suitable piece of wood.
What is this thing?
Is this like, oh, this is where they, uh...
This is where they bring the sacrifices.
That's right.
You can't sacrifice my friend.
I told you. I told you a thousand times.
Whoa. Yeah, this is good. This is just right.
Man, it's pre-made.
A little bit of blood.
A little bit of blood.



We bring them forth.
A lot of blood.
Whoa.
This is...
They've been doing some maypole.
Look at this. Look at this stump.
Come on.
The sacrifice. The slack-rifice. Yeah, the slack-rifice.
Check your soul at the door, boy.
Okay? So you want to know what the test of faith is all about.
Okay?
I'm going to take your hand, and I'm going to hold it down here on this table.
Okay?
And I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do this left-handed because I'm right-handed.
I can't even legally drink yet.
Oh, you'll need to after I get through with you here.
Your nuts will drop after this.
Yeah, I have to do this left-handed.
Uh...
Okay, give me your hand.
Put it down here on the table.
Okay.
Here's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to take this spike,
and I'm going to try to get it out of the way.

And drive it into this tree stump without touching your hand.
With a head full of LSD.
A dangerous witness right here
who will collaborate with anything that I say.
And a blindfold.
I swear...
And all you have to do...
...to the altar of Almighty God that if...
A who?
...any mention of blood...
Oh, man, you're in the wrong damn place for that.
You think you're safe here?
Oh, man, you're gonna...
Well, it just wasn't me talking.
Look at this.
The white man named it after the dog.
This guy loves Bob so much, and here he is talking to God.
Is he talking to Bob now?
Now when he's facing having this spike driven right through his hand Jesus-style?
Well, prayers ain't gonna do much good no matter who it is.
You don't know who I am, do you?
You've probably only heard horror stories from all the other preachers about me.
I come hopping into your life like a fluffy little bunny of love.
Yeah, do it, do it. It's okay.
You saw that movie Aliens?
Did you see Aliens?
Yeah.
Where the android can go ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba like that?
It's sort of like that, but...
But it's, it's...
You know, not...
He didn't try to get in between each finger or anything like that.
He only has to do it once.
I only have to do it once.
That's right.
Now, it could be that I just really, really get off on inflicting all of these big Jesus holes in people's hands.
That would be a common characteristic among men who wander around...
Yeah, this doesn't have to be.
...the pagan festivals with church, uh, Catholic priest collars on.
They have a thing for stigmata.
Okay?
So I may just get off on doing this.
And I may do it just for chits and giggles, and it doesn't matter because he's got the shovel and I got the trash bags.
So nothing bad's gonna happen on us one way or another.
No one will ever know.
No one will ever know.
All you gotta do, man, is have faith and put your hand out here on this wall.
Yeah. Yeah. You're trusting in God this morning.
This is, this is, this will pretty much determine whether you get on the escape vessels or not.
And they are real.
This, this is gonna, this is gonna make or break your, your, uh, seating, uh, category.
Can this event itself actually determine the...
He asks too many questions.
...the foreshadow of the future?
Well, we assume you, you, you got your membership pack, right?
...was once future untold.
Did, did you get your membership pack? Did you ever order the $20 membership?
Yes, I have my ordained membership card in the church.
And you got your card. Oh, well, you've got nothing to worry about.
...lovely subgenius.
You've got nothing to worry about.
Except for right now.
Oh, not if he has faith. That's the whole thing.
Not if he has faith.
Look, the only ones who are gonna get ruptured up on X-Day are the ones who can watch the other subgeniuses bursting into flame and screaming and hold their membership card and say,
I'm not gonna tear it up. I have faith. I'm just abandoning the shell.
It's like taking your shoes off.
It's as easy as that.
It'll be just like taking off a glove.
You'll have a new body aboard the escape vessel.
You'll even have a new hand.
Is that how it was said to you originally, or...
Well...
You don't think all these dark storm clouds and the wind around here are just for dramatic purpose, do you?
Just coincidence.
The drums don't mean anything.
No, they don't mean anything.
The yogg's have fought three times during the ceremony.
What's the matter, man? You keep pulling your hand off of the stump.
I may have.
Are you nervous?
I'd be damn nervous if I were you.
I'd be going, God damn it, Bob, I know you're there.
I know you're there.
Find out.
Find out if Bob's there.
Hey, you wanted to talk?
I know he's there. You know he's there.
We all have the scar.
Somewhere, wherever he is.
Which I don't know. All I know is it was very similar to this.
Look. Look at the scar.
It was a long time ago.
About, uh...
Where is it?
I was... It was right in the middle of the back of my hand.
Oh yeah, sure enough.
Yeah.
Yours shows. Mine doesn't show.
Yeah.
Eventually it heals.
You can't tell because of all the other ones.
Well, you know, the Yeti biology, we can absorb these things pretty well.
Hey man, I just started. Come on.
Somebody was not yeti by some strange coincidence.
If this guy had no Yeti blood in him, then...
Oh man, I'd hate to think I'll stumpy me if I stuck this spike in his hand.
At this point, I have no friend in the universe.
It's Yeti blood.
You have no friend in the universe? What about Bob?
Bob is your friend. You paid him 20 bucks to be your pal.
But will he be the pal of young Reverend Joshua?
We'll find out on side two of show.
What do you mean?
Friends, we now return to the initiation of young Reverend Joshua at the hands of Dr. Legume at Reverend's stand.
It's like a halfway faith.
It's a halfway knife.
You know, it's like being halfway pregnant. There's no such thing.
It's all or nothing.
It's all or nothing, man.
You gotta be willing to spill your blood on a stump for Bob.
20 dollars plus all.
Or nothing at all.
I mean, hey man.
The blood that soaks into this stump could be
your own.
Go for it. He's gonna prove this guy's got balls.
What blood type are you?
Jeff, by the way.
Well, see, that's the one thing, you know, when I was in New York
and he was facing me with that gun,
I didn't bother to ask.
You would face a man with a gun, but not a priest with a spike.
That's been said.
A cop in Baltimore actually said the same thing
about tentatively inconvenience.
He said, I'd rather face a man with a gun
than what I saw in that tunnel.
And it was just artwork.
That's all the guy was doing.
It was the horse smellin'.
It's all performance art, right?
Yeah, it's just performance art. It's just a gag.
It's like Penn and Teller, you know.
And you, young Joshua, your part is the bleeding man.
Yeah.
Yeah, you drew the wrong card, man.
When you pulled the wild card, you were
you came up a joker.
Some are aces, some are jokers.
Does that mean that I'm gonna be impaled on this
piece of wood just for your sick amusement?
He was one of the ones that we chose, especially for this.
Bob's a joker, too.
People think he's an ace, but he's really a joker.
Yeah.
So, you know, he's your friend.
So is Bob gonna be your friend, man?
Yeah, or is Bob gonna go,
man, he came so close.
He came so close.
Keep it up.
He's talking to Bob again.
Bob's not listening to you, man.
Why don't you put your hand on the snow?
Bob's got Connie. Bob's going down on Connie
somewhere back in those trees over there.
I don't know why he does this to me.
He just circles buzzwords
around my head.
Well, you won't do that anymore after this.
That's what I'm hoping.
That's right. There you go.
He's getting there. He's getting there.
There's hope. There's hope?
Okay, let's get this over with. Come on, I'm getting tired of this.
Yeah, this is getting kind of old, man.
Yeah.
He may not have that special spark.
He may not have that special spark.
He might have to go into it.
Todd, you are never gonna get another chance like this.
He had shown it to me.
No, don't try to interpret it.
Take it literally, man. There's no interpretation.
There was this smiling face above my head
while I was looking at him.
He's babbling. He's scared to death now.
Come on, stick your hand on there.
Stick your hand on there. Okay, there you go.
I'm gonna hold him in place.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
I gotta put on the blindfold.
J.R. Bob Dobson.
And the flowers were sort of like spinning,
grinning Dob's heads while they were
looking around.
Looking down at me, this
grinning figure.
Oh, okay.
What was that?
Nothing.
Okay, go ahead.
Keep it up, Bob. Keep it up.
Because I didn't want to accidentally impale him
while I was trying to impale you.
That's okay.
The trembling is perfectly normal.
I've trembled all my life.
See what I mean?
Your hand isn't on the stump anymore.
Look, his hand left the stump.
Is Bob pulling your hand off of the stump?
It is not Bob that pulls your hand off.
Bob is drawing your hand to the stump.
Bob is pulling your hand from the stump.
Bob, good one.
Go towards the light.
There you go. Okay, now put it there.
Now don't move it. Don't move it.
Alright. Dr. Leguima is lining up.
Okay.
He's pulling the blindfold down.
Captain Zegematic.
He's down into...
Alright.
Okay.
Standing by.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Your blindfold? I didn't see you put that blindfold on.
Excuse me, sir.
Don't move your hand.
Excuse me, sir.
Test of faith.
Test of faith? Where's your faith at?
What do you mean, excuse me, sir?
Excuse me who? Are you talking to me?
I felt a moment of doubt in this situation.
Your faith in Bob is shaken, isn't it?
Don't ask for forgiveness whatever you do, man.
Don't pray.
That's the worst thing you can do.
They will draw down just the ones you don't want to be hurt.

That's it, man.
They'll take you...
They'll juice out of you like a stump will when I get done.
Okay.
I felt a moment of doubt.
No, no. That's okay. They always do.
They always feel the moment of doubt.
He did. You can barely see that scar.
Yeah, this is true.
Okay. I just want to make sure that you don't move.
Is this really necessary?
Yes, this is.
This is vital.
This is the most necessary thing that has ever happened to you in your life.
It's a beautiful thing.
No, no.
Go ahead.
Now he's getting horrible stomach cramps of doubt.
You have to put him right back there.
We've got to do this.
He's got thousands...
Here you go.
Don't move your fingers.
Don't clench your fist.
No, man.
On your mark.
In the name of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
Connie Dobbs,
and the X's fighting team,
Tova 1.
And at that point, dear friends,
in deference to the delicate sensibilities of the listener,
we tastefully must cut away and move on to other things.
I will say that Reverend Joshua did not only survive,
he passed the initiation with flying colors,
and in fact went on to accompany Dr. Legume
at that self-same time.







He was also a member of the so-called anti-cult festival,
where he comported himself in accordance with the dignity
and terrifyingness that is the birthright, yes,
of the true subgenius,
the son or daughter of the Yeti.
So hail the good Reverend Joshua,
and certainly the great Dr. Legume.
As for what tape we will be hearing next,
I will tell you in the next few minutes.






I have no idea.
Thank you.
Now, Reverend Stang's radio show
got cancelled
recently down in Texas.
Well, it got cancelled down in Texas
by some nice man named Bobby
who said that his show did not empower
the common man.
Oh, no.
It doesn't empower the common man.
Well,
I'm standing right here to tell you that
this man's wrong,
because, hell, if it wasn't for
Reverend Stang's Church of the Subgenius,
I'd have climbed that damn tower
long ago with a rifle.
Some of us already did.
Yeah, and
the church has come in on a lot of hard times
recently, and
they need money.
Lots of it!
Lots of money.
And we all could think that...
Y'all could sit back and think,
oh, it's another sales pitch for Reverend Stang.
But,
hey, the longer Reverend Stang
can put out the word, Bob,
the longer there's going to be people like me
who are ready to climb the damn tower
who are going to look around and they're going to say
to themselves, hey,
it's time to take back
what's mine. It's time to take back my
slack.
Does anybody here want to take back their slack?
Yes!
Because you ain't going to just have it handed to you.
You gotta take that slack.
You gotta take that slack back.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, little man.
We will see you with the spike later.
And you will see how well
Bob will protect you.
See, I have my happy Bob shirt
on today, don't I?
Oh, oh, I love
Bob just as much as you.
Come into the darkness with me and my
spike, and I will show you
how much Bob loves you, little man.
It will deprogram you Bob-style.
You can laugh,
you can point your finger,
and you can talk about good old Bob
and how happy it is that you're out here
with Bob.
And you can sit there
and sing your happy little songs
about Bob and the bleeding head
of Arnold Palmer.
But when that spike's
sinking through your palm
and you're whistling in the wind like Jesus
or finding some new way to jump off
like this through your stigmata hole,
I like that.
And we'll see where Bob's gonna take you.
And we'll see if Bob's gonna
protect you. And we're gonna see
if you want your
sixty dollars.
You want your triple your money back? I tell you,
if I had a bag full of twenties, I'd go through this crowd
right now, and I'd give half of you your damn sixty
dollars back right now.
Oh.
I'll be carrying my garbage out
in a bag made of all of your skins
tonight.
Oh.
Oh, yes, Bob
will have a use for you.
He'll make you into a corn
on the cob holder, little man.
He may
make you into a corn on the cob holder.
That's, believe me, that was old
history. He'll make you the back end
of his rotisserie.
I'll be back in a little while
while Bob gets back in his

believe me, I'll be going in a perpetual
palms for rejoice, and
presented by Lauren Swelk and the usual suspects.
Ladies and gentlemen, and children of all ages,
Apocalypse Now, the opera.
applause
All shots
Stuck in Saigon
Without a mission
Wake up!
Wake up!
Wake up!
It's time to
Wake up, Willard, there's no time to lose
Let's clean up all this blood, my God, you stink of booze
It's time to hit the shower
To hit the shower
Throw him in the shower
Arrgh!
Have a shrimp, jumbo shrimp
It's a bit like the Army Intelligence
And jumbo shrimp, they're both oxymorons
Willard, please, tell us, please
Can you spell CIA?
If you can, Willard, please
Will you spell CIA?
Kill Colonel Kurtz
Your mission's a loop, decide to accept it
If you go and terminate Colonel, terminate Colonel, terminate Colonel, terminate Colonel
Kurtz is not in your band
He's bad, he's bad
You must go up the river, pass the Durong Bridge
And you must terminate Colonel, terminate Colonel, terminate Colonel, terminate Colonel
Kurtz is deadly rebel, war command
Go back!
Come back!
Go back!
Hey!
Hey!
Hurry! Hurry!
Terminate Colonel Kurtz?
Aye-ya!
The Train
The Train
The Train
The Train
The Train


To went underground
Turn in the air
The Train
The Train
To the right

As you see, on this sign
Tell him I've got either funÖ

Cause she says, ìTo hell with the worldî


Tell her who I am
And you'receready white bitchring in here

Holy and loud!
Vigil enemies are true!
Holy and loud!
A problem for the few, for the few!
Yeah!
There's cavalry is here, there's nothing for to fear, we've got our butts in gear!
Hey, Brevin, where's the beer?
There's cavalry's exciting, just a little frightening, bring your surfboard here!
Now soldier, would you rather surf or go and fight?
Now soldier, would you rather surf or go and fight?
Oh, super-dye, oh, super-dye, oh, super-dye, oh, super-dye, oh, super-dye!
Air-cat!
We're over budget, we're over budget, we're over budget!
We're shooting now!
Big but a bunting, big but a bunting, big but a bunting!
What can we do?
Keep it rolling, look like you're fighting, look like you're fighting, we are the noose!
Taking the choppers!
The bank is falling!
And I can saw you!
That's what I say!
We are the noose!
We are the noose!
We are the noose!
We are the noose!
We are the noose!
We are the noose!
We are the noose!
We are the noose!

It's all broke now!
Aren't they gnarly? I wish I was a serpent!
A big foot in the world!
Woodland Wagner!
You guys are crazy!
Woodland Wagner!
Just as the goose
Will ever march and keep it rolling
March and it's there!
Ha ha ha ha ha! Till I sing!
I'm a serpent! I'm a serpent!
I'm a serpent! I'm a serpent!
I'm a serpent! I'm a serpent!
I love the smell of victory!
It smells like Nepal!
You can listen to the conflicts now
The opera, Act 1, The Only Turnback, 2, and these messages.
End of Act 1
While we pause for our intermission, I should like to borrow a few moments to read some of the weekly community service reminders just handed to me.
The Church of the Bizarre Shepherd will be holding its fourth annual chapter of the Bizarre Shepherd.

It will be a charity foot wash all day Saturday in the parking lot next to the school.
Like last year, in the event of rain, it will be held in the girls' gymnasium.
On Sunday at 8 o'clock in the hairless William Memorial, Dr. Wigley Hedges will be showing off.
On Monday night, there will be a special singles night tug of war held between the corners of Jekyll and Hyde and Polk and Beans.
This event is sponsored by the Friends of Money, and I am reminded that it is for a good cause.
Thursday night, there is nothing scheduled, so we'll skip over this one.
We return to Apocalypse Now, the opera, Act 2.
Gee, guys, going up this river is kind of scary.
Yes, chef, but not as scary as that innocent merchant family we ventilated today for a puppy.
A puppy.
Take me up the river to the Dulong Bridge.
This is my boat, Willard, my ship, my crew.
I'm on a really secret mission, captain.
Besides, I've already had a nervous breakdown and a heart attack on this stupid film. Let's get it over with.
Well, if you put it that way, okay, I'll take you to the bridge, but I really don't like you at all.
How far to the bridge?
Nine clicks.
Oh, wow, the Dulong Bridge.
That's right, Lance, looks pretty surreal to me.
Hey, Lance, you look kind of weird.
My last cup of acid, my last cup of acid.
Hark over there by the bodies.
Sir?
No, the American bodies, you fool.
I need someone to come with me.
For comic relief, while I go up and find out who's in command.
Hey, dude, I'll go.
Wanna come along, sir?
Never get out of the boat, never get out of the boat, never get out of the boat.
Like, wow.
Hey, dude, what is you?
Lance, get off at the top of that bridge.
We've got work to do.
Oh, wow, dude.
Ain't flaming death, you gosh darn communist dude.
I'll face this off last year, Kyle Dar-
Sorry, sir, I'll screen you from here and leave the hoops outside the wire.
Oh, wow, hoops outside the wire.
Shut up, Lance.
Hey, soldier, who's in command here?
Face to the Vegas, sir.
Well, the Ned Cady-
Better get back to the boat, better get back to the boat.
Carry on, Lance, get over here.
Lance, that's a cart post, not a tree.
I have in front of me Kurtz's dossier, or in English, his resume, and it's big, really big.
There's enough paper here to stuff J. Edgar Hoover's cocktail dress and a pair of size 12 party pumps,
with even more left over to make one hell of a paper airplane.
Man, this guy gets around.
Intramural office dodgeball co-captain for two straight years,
sergeant at arms in a cashmere sweater club for still another.
The Mrs. Fields Chewy Award for overall consistency.
The A.V. Squad's Golden Goose Award to Green Thumbs Corridor Patrol's Safety First Bronze Banjo recognition.
Man, this guy gets around.
There must be more than 1,200 pages of credentials all printed on those boards.
He makes sheets of paper he used to get in grammar school.
You know the kind.
They smelled sort of funny, and he'd take a sniff as he passed them back to the kid behind him.
Mimeo Graft, that's what they were called. Mimeo Graft.
I remember those.
I got around, but not as much as this guy.
Three awards for carpool congeniality with the Yo-Yo Dine Institute.
Future Retailers, America's Brown Shoe Award.
The J.V. Real Estate Agents Award for penmanship, punctuation, and hygiene.
This guy's background is impeccable.
Even to guard glasses.
Future Grocery Courts of America, Certificate of American.
Member of the I Hate to Smoke Club Committee to re-elect anyone in Office Committee.
Graduated the 12th Step.
I'm okay, you're different, so I'm better asserted in this training program.
Special citation from the board again, and your face, Disciples of District 12.
Rolfing Club Med Frequent Flyers Club.
This guy really gets around.
Six months later, Kurtz passes a civil service exam.

And is immediately appointed an official government courier for Operation Post Office.
For ten years, Kurtz served as a top-ranking official for Post Office.
Until something happened.
Something snapped.
He got cranky and moody. Threw his he fits.
Became disgruntled.
Two days later, he appoints himself Chief Post Master General of the entire tiny island, including the five townships.
He just wanted his honkers.
What'd he do?
He was totally off his juj, screwy pocket bays and bouncing off the walls.
He was stark, raving, nuttier than a fruitcake ape.
And with the help of the musicians, I was set to stop.
Must be a temptation to be God.
As some truffle head blade makes staples in the way, is that Bill Graham?
I want to get a mango, I need to get a mango.
But there's a tiger, a mango, a tiger, a tiger.
A spear?
Never get out of this, never get out of this, never get out of this boat.
Never get out of this, never get out of this, never get out of this boat.
Look, look, look.
Captain!
Captain Willard!
The catcher, the net is.
The catcher, the body is.
This must be Kurtz's hideout.
Please don't mind the monkeys, they don't bite.
Come on in.
Willard!
Can't you tell that I'm American?
Stop him with your sirens!
Come, sing, the power of the glory.
Listen to his story, it's a living glory.
Come, sing, the power of the glory.
He's a hero.
I'm a little man, and he is a great man.
Don't call me oldie, Stanley Kowalski.
How about a blue spree?
I came to chat.
With the occupant?
With the resident.
So tell me your zip.
Um, the zip code, sir?
Uh-huh.
The five digit or ten?
The ten.
I don't remember it.
Uh-huh.
Don't call me oldie, Stanley Kowalski.
Your voice is just as high as your salary.
More ravioli, some tortellini.
Give me spumoni or go away now.
I have a message.
I have a mission.
I'm here to kill you at this song.
My forehead all sweaty, but let's sing some more.
I am the Eggman, you are the grocery cart.
Oh, Kurtz, Kurtz, look, the song's over.
Time to die.
Why don't we just cut a cow in half and watch it twice in slow motion?
In slow motion.
I rise from the river, zoom in on my face, the mud on my lips.
I am the summer cows in half, slow motion, slow motion, lights down low.
Have you any last wish?
Hurry, Willard, make it sexy.
We're die.
The output was fair.
Fighting wild enough to faint.
Partice over the

Yes, dear friends.
Apocalypse Now, the opera,
created there by Radio Shorts
out of San Francisco, California.
And you can get more information
on how to procure those self-same tapes
from...
You got your pencil ready, my friend?
You can just write to, for information,
write to Wes Jenkins, Radio Shorts,
2935 Van Ness Avenue, number 9.
That's 2935 Van Ness,
N-E-S-S Avenue, number 9.
Number 9.
9.
San Francisco, California.
9-4-1-0-9.
For the rather amazing Apocalypse Now piece
from Radio Shorts.
And you know that you are listening to
the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack
here on Radio Station.
And...
Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk.
And if you want more information
about the hour of slack
and the church of the subgenius,
or anything that you hear on this program,
please feel quite free
to write for free information.
And I'm going to give you that box number now.
It's so simple.
Anyone can do it.
Just address that postcard
or letter with self-addressed stamped envelope.
The more the merrier.
Two.
Bob.
That's right.
Bob.
At post office box 140306.
That's P.O. Box 140306.
In lovely Dallas, Texas.
75214.
And in the background here,
we're listening to Arnold Mathis,
his new tape,
Galaxy A Go-Go.
Quite a lovely,
almost new-agey sounding piece,
one might say.
Uh-huh.
Yes, friends, we love you
and we want to hear from you.
Well, actually,
we really don't care about hearing from you.
We would just like to sell you things.
And that's why we give that P.O. Box.
We can't tell you what things
until you let us know
that you really,
really have to know.
And you do.
So in the meantime,
we'll say good night
or good morning
or whatever it is
where you are
for this week.
I've done three shows
in the last nine hours.
And I don't know what's next.
I really don't.
Thank you.
Thank you.
