Test, test, test.
Is everyone still alive?
Has there been a terrible disaster?
I hope not.
I see some things moving, little VU meters and lights flashing.
It's a disaster area, I tell you.
A disaster area.
Actually, part of Ohio is a disaster area, and we're heading there tomorrow.
Let's see.
Ah, yes.
I hear me and...
Where did I...
Is that yours?
Yes, it's mine.
Oh, okay.
I wasn't hearing that.
Friends, that was all.
We did that on purpose.
That's what you call radio comedy.
It's a technical thing.
It's a humorous, satirical, making fun of amateur college radio type yahoos, yahoos, and so forth.
Let's see.
Let's see how...
Ah, I hear the music.
In fact, the music from The Abominable Snowman, 1957.
Main titles.
Dr. Hal is here.
He agrees that's a good choice.
We've started a lot of shows that way.
And friends, you're now listening to the hour of slack, number 1,368.
1,368.
8.
8.
Yes, I believe it's hour of slack number 1,68.
I'm going to play some media barrage stuff.
And Dave will be calling in shortly.
Oh.
Dr. Hal will be here with us for...
I am here before you.
He is before...
And Princess Wee is here so that there's someone nice that's important on a radio show.
Because otherwise it's all just...
Ah!
Elvis!
Prism!
Yeah!
Please Subscribe, blonde.
Bob won't solve your problems, but he will help you to blow them off.
You can't use Bob as a crutch because he's already using you as a crutch, my friend.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Bob!

Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
It's just Bob!
It's just Bob!
It's just Bob!
It's just Bob is what it is!
It's literally Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Hello there!
Flying saucer.
Flying saucer.
Saucers.
Flying saucers.
Now, am I crazy?
Yeah.
Yeah, something like that.
So I'm crazy.
Yes!
Hahaha.
Okay.
I am crazy.
Yeah.
The saucer.
Flying saucer.
Flying saucer.
The saucer.
The saucer.
The saucer.
Flying saucer.
Flying saucer.
Flying saucer.
I thought I was going crazy!
Yeah, why not?
Okay.
Okay.
Ha.
Ha.
Within five years, the United States, as we know it, will cease to exist.
We're living in terrible, perilous, chaotic times.
Yes.
Praise the Lord.
And these times are not going to get any better, my friend.
Amen.
They're going to get worse and worse.
What?
Oh, God.
It is real.
Okay, I know you all think that.
You think you want to know what's going on.
That's okay.
So I saw this thing coming.
I saw this thing coming to me.
I didn't know what it was, but it looked funny.
Hahaha.
There were deceptions which have surrounded our space program.
You're thinking,
this was indeed an extraterrestrial spacecraft with living occupants.
It must have been very disconcerting for them to cross millions of miles of space only to
be hit on the head with rotten oranges.
The dramatic advent of such fascinating objects as those which were first called flying saucers
attracted the inevitable attention of those individuals who let their imaginations run
away with their veracity.
By 1950, some of these characters were beginning to become very popular.
They began to spin their stories of fantastic conversations with alleged space people.
Some of them expanded the stories to include alleged rides in the UFOs.
Suddenly everything went black and I realized that I'd been cut off and shut off in a little
tiny room where nobody was listening to me.
And I was talking to this hot little plush felt red rubber tip microphone and not hearing
a thing and seeing only little tiny lights and wondering why I was strapped to this chair
and put into the studio that seemed to be rotating very rapidly.
I was wondering why I was strapped to this chair and put into the studio that seemed

to be rotating very rapidly.
I was wondering why I was strapped to this chair and put into the studio that seemed

And this little thing was moving.



And it was a small man with a swollen head and hideously deformed eyes sitting behind
the console pushing the buttons while pencils of light and energy flashed across my body.
And I wondered why I was there and what did they want of me and I couldn't figure out
why I was sitting there.
And they didn't say anything.
They just kept flashing those lights at me and pumping those strange chemicals into me.
And the man with the funny head, the leader, the man with the strange grin and the pipe.
Well, I just had a good time.

I just wanted to know, do you want to be in the church or out of the church and where's
your wallet?
Look at that.
The DC9 pushed the button.
Yeah.
I didn't know that I'd been snatched up and it wasn't really a dream until I saw these
sacred nasal positions and suddenly it all came back to me.
And I realized that they'd stolen four and a half hours out of my life when they put
me in that tiny room and plugged all those wires into me and made me talk and talk and

Well, it's only an hour and a half tonight, mister.
And talk and talk.
Because you only paid for an hour and a half.
And talk.

Of all the worlds that the intelligences on Mars could see and study, only our own
warm Earth, where there are titanic drifts of lava and ice with hydrogen flaming at
the tops, where the atmospheric pressure is terrible, it has no air, it's green with the
methane gas and ammonia vapor.
Spacecraft entered the moon's gravitational field in the Cetra.

The moon's gravitational field is one sixth segment of the flight.
The gravity of the moon is one sixth of that on Earth.
The orbit around the moon was flown 66 miles above the moon's surface at 6,000 miles an
hour.
At 10 after 9, the beeping began.
Went down to the reserve fence, watched through binoculars and we did see this thing.
It's about the size of the moon with a small crescent at the bottom that's about the size
of a star.
Well lit like starlight.
The top is a dark gray mass.
It came down through the trees, whatever it was.
Have you ever heard of one?
Have you ever been in one?
Have you ever seen one?
Have you by television ever seen one?
If you haven't, it's the greatest sight this side of heaven.
The people from this Earth have already seen some of their spacecraft, which they call
flying saucers.
And other flying objects which they cannot describe.
These objects are real and are spacecraft.
Total collapse of world civilization.
July 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m. to be exact, the men from Planet X, as the news media will
call them, will arrive to rupture the subgeniuses, the true believer subgeniuses, up into the
escape vessels of the sex gods.
Even to carry a fewolly lo Transit, basicgel BLT.
Closed Captioning by 그 hesitateuby
Sleep and eat your way into the new century.
And that the very door of the day of the wrath of God is at hand.
And that if you plan to get saved, you'd better do it now.
In this temple lodge of the Church of the Subgenius of Little Rock,
and before we begin this sacred spouting,
I think that we should all bow our heads and let's all have a minute of noise.
Ah!

Playgoers, I bid you welcome.
The theater is a temple, and we are here to worship the gods of comedy and tragedy.
Tonight, I am pleased to announce a comedy.
We shall employ every device we know in our desire to divert you.
Something familiar, something peculiar.
Something for everyone, a comedy tonight.
Something appealing, something appalling.
Something for everyone, a comedy tonight.
Nothing with kings, nothing with crowns.
Bring down the lovers, liars and clowns.
Old sit you.
New variations, new complications.
Nothing portentous or polite.
Tragedy tomorrow, comedy tonight.
Something convulsive.
Ah!
Something repulsive.
Yeehaw!
Something for everyone, a comedy tonight.
Yeehaw!
Something aesthetic.
Something frenetic.
Something for everyone.

Everyone, a comedy tonight.
Nothing with gods, nothing with fate.
Weighty affairs will just have to wait.
Nothing that's formal.
Nothing that's normal.
No recitations to recite.
Open up the curtains!
Comedy tonight!
Comedy tonight!
Comedy tonight!
Next ringer ateter.
Comedy.
Comedy tonight.
Close the fine.
What's the right time?
And now, the entire company.
This is where Lonesome Cowboy Dave is supposed to call in.
The entire company.
Well, now, give it a chance. Give it a chance.
He'll call. He'll call. I know he'll call.
Something familiar. Something peculiar.
Something for everybody. Comedy tonight.
Something that's gaudy. Something that's moody.
Something for everybody.
Everybody. Comedy tonight.
Nothing that's grim. Nothing that's Greek.
She plays Medea later this week.
Stunning surprises. Coming disguises.
Hundreds of actors out of sight.
Pantaloons and tunics.
Coruscants and eunuchs.
Funerals and chases.
Battles and bases.
Handlers.
Horrors.
Cupidity.
Timidity.
Mistakes.
Reigns.
Rhymes.
Lines.
Tumblers. Grumblers. Bumblers. Fumblers.
The royal curse.
No Trojan horse.
And a happy ending, of course.
Goodness and badness.
And in this madness.
This time it all turns out all right.
And we leave tomorrow.
This story is part of the John Lewis program.
Reicism is pioneered,
which means...

No.
A future is far away.
We ought to say something.
songs on that. That's from
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the
Forum. Yes.
I saw the Richard Lester movie of that
when it came out and thought, I want to
do something like that myself someday.
It's an excellent
movie. As you know, he had
people living in those sets for weeks
before he started filming to give them
the lived-in look.
And it was based on
Rome of,
you know, fairly into the
imperial age,
not in Republican Rome,
so they had late Roman Empire
outfits on and everything.
But the tiniest
details were provided with
fastidious historical
accuracy.
They could still stick in
anachronistic jokes like, was one
a good year? And so on.
Did you happen to pick up on
when Zero Mostel does
a perfect imitation of John Barrymore
as Mr. Hyde?
In A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum?
Yes. He's plotting and planning something.
And he turns around.
He does that.
If only the radio audience could see me.
But instead, they'll see Dave.
They will?
They'll see them in their bad dreams.
I see Dave. Well, I hear Dave
and it's almost synesthesia.
I see, but I cannot speak.
Nor can I hear.
My pipes are bent.
I see great
buildings falling.
I see
grapes and arbors all
burning in the night.
Huge flames engulfing the world.
I see
arbors burning.
Look well upon your
city.
Observe its beauty.
For soon it will be
rubble and ashes.
But until then
it will be a beautiful city.
Actually,
speaking of rubble and ashes.
Yeah, I'm telling it the way it is.
We're going to be heading into
a disaster area tomorrow.
But we're the only area
in that area that doesn't have
a disaster.
Yes, it's very ironic and yet
perfectly subgenius.
But the
50 next day begins
tomorrow
near Athens, Ohio
at Wisteria Campground.
And it so happens that most of Ohio,
Ohio is a federally
declared disaster area as of yesterday.
In fact, the power,
there was no power at all in Athens
yesterday. They have a
boil alert.
Do you have to boil the water or
you'll get boils all over your body?
Boils and frogs
and the plagues of Egypt.
Boils on your brain of
darkness and the death of the firstborn.
A cloud of
impenetrable darkness
shall descend over all.
And the peaks shall raise
their hands and eyes to heaven and say,
Why us, O Lord?
What have we done
that thou pourest forth the
vessel of thine angers
upon us? And the answer will
come back, you should
have tithed to Bob.
Yay, friend.
What was the old one?
Well, the old one was because you peed
me off. And it was really stupid
in elementary school.
Well, because thou didst eat that
fruit, you know. But aside from that,
I have a few other things against thee,
as it says in the pre-scriptures.
Yes.
Beans or beef? Well, the thing, the
funny thing is, most of the people
in Ohio who are not
dues-paying subgeniuses and are not
attending X-Day festivities
at Wisteria to await the saucers
have no power, have
no internet, no phone,
and there's a terrible heat wave.
So they're dropping like flies.
It's like a preview of X-Day, and
yet,
by some strange
chance, the Wisteria
campground still has
power. They never lost power.
They, as far as I know, we were
still getting internet reports from them.
They said the weather was warm,
a little muggy, but cool in the evenings.
So you believe everything you read on the internet,
huh? One of the
chem toilets, or as I
call them, the sweat lodges, or
as Mr. Sister calls them, the
turdus from
Dr. Who.
One of those did blow over.
But that'll all blow over.
Oh, it'll all blow over.
Exploded? A facility
exploded?
It builds
up, you know. It's the X-Day
extra meditation.
Volatile gases.
There's an essay by
Dr. Legume in this year's
program book, which I'm looking at.
Well, Legume, well, that explains
it right there. I think we need go
no farther to see where
scatological mysticism,
stiff as a foot, there can be only
one immediate first
cause. And that
would probably be Dr. Legume's
materials. Correcto.
I would think so. His
materials for incendiary disruption
and agitation. As he
puts it, you've been on the
road for a few days eating a
burger god hunger
or worse, 7-Eleven,
and you've finally made it to
X-Day. You're excited. You're happy
to see old friends and make new ones.
And your natural schedule of
eating, sleeping, drinking, and pretty much
everything else is suddenly altered
significantly. You may not
notice at first, but then suddenly
you'll feel a rumble from deep
in your lower abdomen on the third
day of the event. You'll
grimace and then start counting on your
fingers, trying to remember the
last time you took a
relief. Suddenly,
you will bolt upright and make it
an awkward exit from your circle
of friends, make a fast beeline,
and you'll be in the nearest excremeditation
chamber. If you're lucky, be
prepared. It may be a long wait
once you get inside. You may
want to bring a book and perhaps that little
cardboard pine tree from your
rearview mirror. But at this
point, the adventure
begins. You are
about to give birth
to the X-Day
object.
It rhymes with bird. It may
erupt from you with the power of
a thousand exploding suns.
Or more likely, you'll
feel like Auguste Rodin's famous
sculpture, The Thinker,
depicting a man frozen
forever in the act of
dropping a mammoth
deuce.
And don't panic. Embrace the
pain. This is the purest form
of gut blowout.
Rejoice, pilgrim.
If you get that far, the rest of
the event is all cake.
Well, it's all about evacuation
anyway, isn't it? I mean, getting
the microbes off
the host, so
to speak. Evacuate
or evacuate the evacuation
chamber. As a
former evacuee, I
wonder when it's all going to begin, let
alone when it's all going to end.
I'm sorry, sir. You're going to have to move
right now.
July 5th, 1998.
That's when it begins
to end.
And when it starts, that's when we'll know what year
it is. The true 1998.
Is, of course, this year.
The jangling
of the calendar which occurred
in quasi-historic
times.
Was it Justinian or Gregorovitch?
Well, it's neither. It's actually
some jiggery-pokery where they
took out some months, took out some
years, and
then
it was all swept over
by the
whisk broom of history.
And soon,
great forces will awaken
ancient creatures living
deathless lives
in the depths of the ocean
or in the depths of the pond
at Wisteria.
Or in the depths of the earth and waters under the earth.
The great
prehistoric turtle,
old sequoias, the Indians
called him, shall
rise up
and
start his
march towards
Pomeroy and other great
metroplexes.
Yes, he is.
I had a dream, too.
Just as Godzilla attacked Tokyo,
old sequoia
struck the same fear into the denizens
of Pomeroy, Ohio.
Right now, he's lurking and biding
his time.
He created a tortoise
which is no longer a tortoise,
but instead a fighting creature,
an animal with much
rancor and able to kill
a whole small town
with one bite.
If you notice here on the left,
this picture of a sequoia shows
three large fangs
disguised as nuclear weapons.
That can never be.
They have no teeth.
They just have a sharp
shearing edge which can crunch
through flesh and bone.
Look at him go.
With incredible fighting force.
There's a comic book about
old sequoia
in the subject.
A genius X-Day program book
which you cannot see.
Beware old sequoia's jaws.
You know old sequoia, do you?
A being from the center of the earth.
He will rise from the depths
and wreak his vengeance.
Young, young, young.
He never dies.
He is immortal.
Battening on the blood of
thousands of generations,
he has grown swollen
and evil, festering
in the bottom of his prehistoric
sump pit.
And now the brown
exudations that rise to the
surface, thought to be walnut
oil, are actually a distillation
of the pre-digested
blood of thousands
of hapless human beings.
First the sacrifices thrown by the
Native American shamans
into the
unquiet waters.
And then the
interlopers, the pindalikoi,
the white eyes, who came in
countless numbers. These countless
numbers fattened old
sequoia and made him and
his shell greater.
Down in southern Ohio we called them
the Warholden, the white ones.
You guys
thought it was impossible, but I
captured old sequoia and brought him here
to Piccadilly Circus. Have a look at this.
My God.
But wait.
Sir, I have some important information for you.
Old sequoia, he's an
infant. He's only tiny.
According to our studies, the mother
of old sequoia, who is now rising
out of the ocean, is over
5,000 billion
feet tall.
Good Lord, look at the size
of that thing. What the
ancients called Fastotocolon.
The turtle
mistaken for an island.
But you
noticed I had the soundtrack from
Gorgo in the background. That was what
was leading me to that.
Remember your...
That giant monster's nothing but a baby!
And now his mother's coming to save him!
Run!
His mother does save him in that monster movie.
The mother and baby
walk off, satisfied after having
destroyed the city of London.
And man, in his infinite
foolishness, once again
learns his lesson.
That nature is not
to be tampered with.
There are suddenly things
man was not meant to
understand.
His pineal gland is too small.
The smile on the face of J.R. Bob Dobbs
is one of those things
that no man can understand.
His eyes behold, his eyelids
try the children of men.
What if you used to, like,
look at old sequoia and he'd show his face
and he'd just look exactly like Bob himself?
That would be a
hallucinatory nightmare
for insane
proportions.
It's a distortion of feelings.

It's a distortion of physical and
psychological and scientific facts.
Well, now there's a painting of old
sequoia on the subgenius 15
Yes, there is.
X-day X-day, uh, Facebook page!
They gave him a nice little bowtie.
Yeah, put him on a yellow bowtie
and he looks like a friendly old pogo character.
That's drawn by Dr. Le Guin.
After he's fed, he's friendly enough.
Yeah.
He only takes one subgenius, or pagan, every year.
We've made sure it's been pagan so far.
But they're easy.
But some of the subgenius are not.
Some of the subgeniuses are so well-fatted
and so ripe for his flensing beak.
Oh, well, the pagans are even fatter.
Oh, they are?
Yes, they are.
I thought they were willowy and nubile.
Yeah, to hear them talk, oh yeah,
because they're all on health food,
except that they're not really.
They're really mostly chain smokers.
They eat six pounds of granola per diem.
Yeah.
Terrible obesity problems.
And some of them have that condition that calls them a fag.

And that causes hair to grow all over their whole body.
Hmm.
Hirsutism.
Yeah.
It's not like a business or a leisure suitism.
It's a business.
It's hirsutism.
You know, the...
Her and his suitism.
Yes.
That's the way it should be.
Always, boys and girls.
Remember, it's not just a hirsute.
It's a hirsute, too.
But honestly, I find it really strange and exciting
that we're about to head down to southern Ohio
into an actual disaster area,
but we're prepared to camp out
at a campground that happens to be one of the oases
that still has water and light.
No, it's a primitive campground.
They just got all the generators going.
No, they actually didn't lose power there.
They may also have generators.
Power was granted unto the supporters and children of Bob.
Once we get down there...

The planet was taken.
Just the hot air generated by the subgenius radio preachers
doing live hours of slack will power the recorders
and the amplifiers that we're using.
Enough hot air there.
Repent.
Repent of such notable wonders and undertakings.
Nay.
Well, if you're a little bit ecstatic on the line...
We've been getting reports.
Reverend Susie the Floozy is already there.
Reverend Eggplant told us about a tree
that's down on the route I was about to take.
But, friend, it hasn't been too long.
It wasn't big.
We have...
Let's see.
Baptisms will be happening on Saturday.
Provided there's enough of God's reign.
There's going to be two weddings, two legal weddings,
plus the short-duration marriage ceremony
of everyone there to everyone else.
And everything.
And car keys and wallets and things.
They're dogs.
Um...
Andrew the Impaled will be there.
He does the Human Blockhead Act.
Blows fire on everybody.
He's the Pain Clown, we call him.
Some...
You'll like this one, Dr. Howell.
You know, Andrew used to...
His partner, David Apocalypse, who you know,
would sew Andrew's lips shut on stage
with surgical equipment.
Yes.
Someone always fainted.
Well, Papa Joe Mama witnessed this once.
At a Pittsburgh revival.
And he walked up to Andrew,
who still had his lips sewn shut, and said,
Oh, you know, it seems like that would really hurt.
And Andrew sort of mumbled,
Not enough to come.
Well, there's a quotation for you.
Through sewn lips, he muttered.
Yes.
It didn't hurt enough for him to arrive at...
at, uh, enlightenment.
Well, they also sewed the lips of Imhotep, the mummy.
Together.
And he also had the little loops already built in,
done years ago as puncture marks.
Who, Andrew the Impaled or Imhotep?
Both.
Imhotep.
Oh, well, he, uh...
You did not know?
He stole the scroll of Thoth
and had to be suitably punished.
And then there's Reverend Imho Pep,
also known as Michael Pepe.
Michael J. Pepe.
Who, if only someone could sew his lips shut,
there would be peace on the land.
Oh, no, what a mean thing to say.
No, I know.
No one said that about you.
Michael actually is one of the most brilliant improv funny guys ever.
Uh...
It's just that...
Let's not go there.
It's just that he's just always on.
The dude's always performing.
Um...
We can't have that.
Actually, Dave, you and Michael Pepe might have a lot in common to talk about someday.
Because he's a right guy.
Actually, he's...
He's, uh, ship-shaping squared away.
This is...
You're talking about his forehead again?
Well, he sets his foreheads against the ignorant hirelings.
But, well, you...
I thought you were referring to his cranial size.
Oh, yeah.
He doesn't have a geranium growing in his cranium.
Not for a while, anyway.
We have some slightly famous guests at X Day.
Reverend Sam Singleton, the atheist evangelist.
He was not a subgenius prior to this,
but he was an atheist evangelist.
Huh.
And, uh...
There is an old god, though.
Susie met him at the Atlanta Disbelievers Church.
Um...
The Evolution Control Committee will be there.
They're pretty well known.
Yeah.
And, uh...
They're great.
The amino acids, of course.
Tommy Amoeba, the lowest form of life.
Actually, that's not true.
The amoeba is by no means the lowest form of life.
Absolutely.
The amoeba is fairly, uh...
Um...
Advanced, really, in the scheme of things.
Oh, wait until you see the footage I have of a really big one, Dr. Howell.
Stangs being a peeking and appearing at their sex lives.
Yeah, we're gonna...
We're gonna be premiering the micro bug porn at 50 next day.
Do some of them have collectivist tendencies?
Oh, I was just wondering.
Some...
I heard that paramecium were Marxists.
They're commies.
They're all a bunch of commies.
They're like bees.
Everything in common.
It might as well be bees in a hive.
They just...
It's just a hive mind.
Not much of one.
They even have a hive eye spot.
A hive vacuole.
But they do have urban...
A hive anal pore.
They don't even...
That's all they have is a pore.
A pore old thing.
It's got an anal pore.
I've got some pretty hot footage of them pouring stuff out of that pore, too.
No, I'm serious.
I'm not kidding.
People laugh, but it's true.
These creatures eat and...
I'm not laughing.
I'm crying.
And so forth.
Like, just...
No.
Just like we do.
Well, a little differently than we do.
But who would want to see sub-microscopic creatures poop and stuff like that?
Everybody will.
Everybody.
After our ad campaign comes out, you'll be a dull stick in the mud if you're not up on
every microbial moment.
What we've got to do...
What we want to do here is reinstill a belief, a feeling, a calm.
We want to create a kind of a warmth.
We want people to know...
We want to make a buck.
That's what it's all about.
A buck and a doe come together and create a new little deer.
That's right.

A wee little deer.
Yes, a wee little doe and a mighty stag bucking away.
Oh, those are the movies that we're showing at After Dark.
Yeah, Bambi versus Godzilla.
Those are the stag films?
Yeah.














Those are the stag films that we're ordering?
Who said stag films?
Well, I thought you were going to have them, you know, pornographic films like the joke
with the, you know, kiddie porn and just a bunch of cats doing...
We in fact do have all nude protists and flagellated protists, ciliated protists.
Wow, flagellated.
Micro animals with nothing on, not wearing a stitch.
You see phylodina rotifers devouring animals.

They're devouring algae cells by the dozens and chewing them with their hideous mastax.
That's the jaw within their throat.
Amazing that they got those micro jaws, isn't it?
And they're all nude, they're all real, they're all live.
It's kind men like.
And in fact, I did for some of the footage, I took music and sound effects from a real
porno movie.
So you have this funky, crappy, nasty...

1970s porno music and some guy going, oh yeah, oh yeah, yeah.
And what you're looking at is two single celled creatures exchanging genetic material end
to end.
It's true.
They're completely naked and they've got their bodies and souls bared for all to gaze upon.
Well, it could have just dressed them up a little bit.
I mean, at least to make it more salacious.
You can't show everything first.
You gotta like let them, you know, drop the G and expose a little bit of the evacuation
pour.
Things like that.
You can't just like come right out and put it on the floor.
You can't not see them.
The way they're lit from underneath, they're trans...
You can see every organelle inside those little boogers.
I think he'd like Reverend Stang to superimpose those little decency oblongs, you know, those
black rectangles, you know, over the...
I don't...
That's a lot of trouble, boy.
Now, as I said, we're going deep into a disaster area where most of the people do not...
They don't actually even have fresh water down there in Athens area.
They've been told to boil their water because it's full of those little creatures just like
we were talking about.
Will bugs turn you on or bugs turn on you?
But I have...
But I?
I will be teaching at X Day.
A survivalist course.
But will they learn?
I'm going to start right now.
Water from animals, for instance.
This is from...
That sounds like the name of a Spanish movie.
Like terrier water.
This is from the SAS...
Water from the center of a dog.
Survival handbook.
It says here, animal eyes contain water which can be extracted by sucking them.
You can't hide those...
Well, there you go.
If anybody's out of water, they can just wander off in the woods and suck a deer's eyeball.
Well, you...
That's the point of this.
It's to remind you that you...
If you're desperate, you can.
Water is everywhere.
All fish contain a drinkable fluid.
Large fish in particular have a reservoir of fresh water along the spine.
Give me two.
However, if the water is dried up, there are very few fish in there.
Tap it by gutting the fish and keeping the fish flat.
Remove the backbone.
Being careful not to spill the liquid.
And then...
Drink it!
Now I'm sure if it comes to that, uh...
I'm sure it's not going to be a good idea to drink it.



We'll have alternate strategies in place.
If you need water...
Like what?
That bad.
Like what?
Like eating...
I mean drinking coconut water.
There are no coconuts in Wisteria?
Well, I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts.
No, you can buy that stuff all over the place.
It's the latest fad.
Peaches?
People are coconut crazy.
Aborigines dig in dry clay pans for the desert frogs that burrow in the clay to keep cool
and survive.
They store water in their bodies and it can be squeezed.
Eww!
Do not, however...
You should always skin frogs and toads before you roast them because their skin is often
poisonous.
That's how they protect themselves with a little bit of toxic material in the epidermis
or in the case of larger southwestern varieties as we know, Bufo alvarius, in particular, venom
glands, which when properly prepared are highly psychedelic.




And the key to Aztec ceremonial magic.
I didn't know that.
It's absolutely true.
I should have asked Dr. Howe.
Well, uh, science may not officially agree with me, but I'll give you the facts if you're
interested in the rundown.
The Colorado river toad, Bufo alvarius, is a rather ungainly fellow, huge, large, about
the size of a basketball at times.
But when he jumps, which is only about four foot, his legs are very long.

His body spreads out in a flopping splat, which covers far more territory than that.
These ungainly amphibians estivate more than 60 feet underground in the southwestern Sonora
Desert region.
Wow.
But when the monsoon rain comes, they climb up and then by the thousands, or at least
they used to, they cover the roads and they cover the desert, croaking and squawking.
And if you catch them...
You can squeeze the buboes on the back, the large venom glands.
It doesn't hurt the toad.
You squeeze them and the stuff inside, the serum, squirts out.
Have it land on a sheet of glass, a sheet of cleaned glass.
It will dry to the consistency of, well, dried semen or rubber cement.
Then with a clean razor blade, scrape this mixture off.
Put it in a pipe.
In which nothing else had ever been smoked.
And then get a match and sit back in a chair and make sure nobody's going to mess with
your body for the next half hour.
And in that half hour, you will experience the most intense psychedelic journey that
can ever be imagined or encompassed.
And the nice thing about it is it's over in half an hour.
But you can't do anything while it's happening.
And then for the next few days, you feel a feeling of...
Elan, well-being, elation and so forth.
But this is actually a form of...
Punishment.
Of MDMA synthesized by a vertebrated animal, the only one known in existence.
Now, Western money, monetary systems were traditionally based on how much cattle a man owned.
And stamped on gold bars in the ancient world and even in the medieval period,
was the image of a beast.
A beef critter.
A cattle.
And remember Pecos Bill, the guy who was a famous cowboy?
Well, our word...
Pecuniary.
You see the word, the cattle, Pecos, in there, right?
So that was our standard of wealth.
But why was it that on the Aztec bars of gold, there was stamped the image of a toad?
Why would a toad be as valuable to them as cattle are to us?
They were toad lickers, that's what it is.
No, stop.
Stop.
Do not disseminate that information.
Licking these toads is fatal.
That's how they protect themselves.
The venom can only be smoked.
Lick...
If a dog picks up one of these toads in his mouth, which would have to be a pretty big mouth,
and punctures the venom gland, that dog will die.
Licking them stops your heart.
Never lick a toad.
This misinformation came about because of an Australian movie called Caine Toads.
In Australian, they do lick...
It's an excellent movie.
They lick the invasive Caine Toad because its venom is so many hundreds of times lighter
and less powerful than Bufo Alvarez that you can lick it and get away with it.
But do not lick a southwestern Colorado River Toad.
If you're in Oz, you can lick a toad.
But if you're in Colorado, you're going to have to just rub it and smoke it.
This is not a call to action, by the way.
No, I'm simply talking about this in a theoretical fashion.
Of course, I wouldn't recommend any illegal activity.
Now, here's something that might be interesting to subgeniuses.
Sometime, I think it was more than ten years ago,
in Southern California, a science teacher and his wife were arrested, busted,
for having some of these toads in their possession.
It is illegal to own them.
By who?
I don't know, but they were arrested.
Actually, in Arizona, you can own them if you purchase a fishing license, which costs $18.
I don't know why that is either, because why would you need...
What could you possibly expect to catch if you baited your line with one of these immense toads?
Something on the nature of old sequoia, perhaps.
But these young...
Or hippies.
This young couple, very idealistic, of course lost their teaching job,
but they said, if only you could understand, if you could smoke this, you could understand,
it puts you in affinity with all nature.
It's as if when you breathe, you can feel the land around you breathing in and out,
the desert and so forth.
And the authorities said, ah, yeah.
And this couple's name, their names were Bob and Connie.
Yes.
Praise Bob.
I have saved the newspaper article.
It's in my archives.
I don't have them with me, of course.
Of course.
But a Samizdat newspaper.
A Samizdat newspaper was circulated with the private instructions on how to profit from the toad.
And I myself, while in the southern Arizona desert, have gone to great lengths to capture these animals and to perform the experiment.
Oh, I wonder, you sounded like you were talking from experience.
Well, I'm talking from almost experience, because although I did walk for miles through the desert carrying a cooler,
to contain toads, though I did harvest toads, and I did go to the secret mating grounds of the toads,
which was an incredible experience, hard to believe.
That's hard.
You walk and walk through the desert and you hear them singing, but it doesn't seem to, you don't seem to get any closer.
You know, I had to do it through the moon, I mean under the moon, but without any light,
because you're going across private land and somebody might shoot you, and go down through arroyos and up again,
and not get to the top.
And you get stuck on the cactus, and all the time you hear this toad noise, and it gets louder and louder,
and when you get there, where the toads by the thousands are mating, the noise is like the roar of a jet engine.
You wouldn't be able to talk to somebody if that person were near you.
The sound that these toads make, how to catch them, it's easy.
The moment you turn your light on, they all come hopping toward you, wave after wave of toads.
Very easy to get them.
I didn't even have to touch them to get them.
I just put them into my cooler.
And then the journey in reverse, over the same tough terrain with a cooler full of toads and toad sperm flopping and slopping, you know.
Stengor must return toad to base camp.
But here's the bad aspect of the story.
Wait a minute, how did the toad sperm get involved here?
You mentioned only the glander scene.
They were mating.
They are in the mating process, and the entire area, the toad sperm, you just have to see it.
It's incredible.
They gather.
The smell is...
That only happens once.
The monsoons come in Arizona.
They rain, the rain comes down so fiercely that it carves new channels.
Flash floods create new arroyos.
Sometimes they open old graveyards and bring things to light.
But all I can say is I did this, and when I got back and examined the toads, I was not 100% sure that what I had collected was Bufo alvarez.
They were large, but were they that large?
They had the venom glands, but were they the right venom glands?
And I'm afraid I decided, well, I ain't gonna smoke no venom from no toad that ain't Bufo alvarez.
It's like kids that go out and pick any kind of mushroom they find growing on cow flop and then die.
So I did not even collect the venom, and I brought the toads back the next night.
But I'm still hoping.
Andrew Weil, M.D., or Weil, how do you pronounce his name?
Weil.
Weil suggests smoking this stuff.
And one of these days before I kick the bucket, I'm gonna smoke me some toad juice.
And I bet there'll be many out there waiting on you.
This I vow before God.
Yeah, you heard it right here, folks.
I'm gonna get me a t-shirt that says I'm gonna smoke me some toad.
Speaking of God, as Takeshi Mishima said, if God didn't want you to join us, he'd have existed.
And as Pantiera Ivakovich said, when life gives you dead horses, beat the hell out of them.
With a stick.
When life gives you dead horses, make glue.
And then sniff it.
You know, I told you about that book by Tatiana Betsucheli.
One thing that one person she talked about in it was, you'll never believe this, tentatively a convenience.
I'm not surprised.
Really?
He gets around.
Oh, really? Okay.
Apparently he's done enough for the European intellectuals to be interested in him, too.
He was big in Iceland.
Romania as well.
The 90s, yeah.
Before the fondling the children thing went on, and before they tried to export him, but he was too small then.
Saint tentatively a convenience was an artist who got the Church of the Subgenius in international news for the very first time.
Yeah, he got us in the papers.
Buy beaters.
He was beating a dead dog in a sewer culvert.
Well, it was already dead.
Sure.
It was art.
It was an art project.
It was the worst smelling art project ever conceived.
Just like that.
Before they started putting their own feces in art galleries, that is.
I arrived there as people were pouring out going, don't go in there.
The cops arrived, and man, it smells bad.
Those fascist pigs were hassling that righteous dude.
Tentatively, by the way, was tripping walls at the time that he performed this opera.
And then ended up in the Baltimore jail wearing nothing but white grease paint.
A real trooper.
All over his whole body.
That's the name of a novel right there.
Smell the grease paint.
It's the roar of the crowd.
Now, we're going to be passing through Zanesville on our way into the disaster area.
That's where the white gray Zanesville.
And I picked up my first Zane Gray western novel.
There?
No.
I...
Knowing that we were...
That that was the hometown, or near the hometown, actually, of the famous western author Zane Gray,
I thought, when I saw one for $4.95 at the supermarket, I thought, I ought to read one of these.
I'm between books.
They're pretty competent.
I'm going to...
I was really surprised.
It was very dark and noir, and almost Lovecraftian.
Which I was not expecting from a western.
But get this.
Okay, I'm going to read one.
I'm going to read one paragraph here.
But it's a hell of a paragraph.
And the game went on with violent slap of card or pound of fist on table, with the slide
of a bag of gold or the rock-sodden thump of its weight, with savage curses at loss
and strange raw exultation at gain, with hurry and violence, more than all, with the
wildness of the hour and the wildness of these men drawing close to the end of the game.
Closer and closer to the dread climax that from the beginning had been foreshadowed.
That's Zane Gray for you.
And it ends with a guy getting a knife stuck into the back of his neck in such a way that
he stays alive just barely until somebody pulls the knife out.
Yeah, pulling it out.
Not a good idea.
That allows his carotid artery to start spewing.
Yep.
Pulling it out.
Not a good idea.
We used to have a PSA at the station.
Huh?
We used to have a PSA that was in regular rotation at the station about what to do if
you find a stabbing victim.
And it said, yeah, do not remove the knife.
Right.
Do not pull out the arrow.
Pull out the knife.
Whatever impales you, it'll do worse to pull it out.
I know a really grisly story I could tell you, but is this the place?
Is this the time to tell a hideously grotesque, gory, grisly story?
If it's under five minutes, this is perfect.
Oh, it's under five minutes.
Perfect point.
You know how railroad cars couple with the two couplers that come together?
Yeah.
I had a Lionel train set.
Yeah.
Well, the Lionel train set does have that type of couplers.
Other types, including HO sets, usually have couplers based on European couplers, unless
you switch them for what they call KT couplers.
But the large couplers on the railroad train are like the end of two pairs of pliers that
come together and close.
Well, just imagine some old geezer, some old railroad man, who's standing by the boxcar
when suddenly the train moves at the other end and it couples through his body.
And he's impaled by train couplers through his midsection.
Yes.
It's an old story around here.
There's nothing they can do with that guy.
There are train yards everywhere.
And when it uncouples, he's going to be dead.
But he's sort of alive while the couples are coupling.



So he was able to convey his wishes for how he wanted to be treated and so on.
And then when they uncoupled him, they picked up both halves of him and went home.
I just love hearing about nice couples like that.
Yes, this is a story about couples and couplings.
I've got a couple of stories like that.
I've got a couple of stories like that.
... bad too, as people are severed in half by trains toppling from their sides.
There's a large train yard here and everybody had a relative who they could really not name.
But it was anecdotal, who was coupled.
And one was under a lift bridge, an old alcoholic person.
And as the drawbridge came down over the river, it severed his legs right off and they plopped into the water.
Dr. Howell, I was going to say I was a little disappointed by your story.
It wasn't anywhere near as stomach-turning as I was hoping.
Oh, really?
Oh, a couple of years.
It's grand fun.
I thought it was pretty stomach-turning.
Stomach-piercing.
You're making me laugh.
I'm just saying, I was just imagining a whole little tiny bit.
See the blood and so forth.
But, you know, there's this mortal injury, the spine is swept away, the whole middle of the body is crushed.
But he's kept standing upright and as long as it's coupled inside there, the top part of the body can survive long enough for him to give the instructions to those who must survive him.
Tell Nellie I loved her.
Tell her.
I loved her.
And she owes me well.
Nellie is your, isn't that your cow?
The name of, the name of your old cow?
I loved her.
I confess it.
The one that camped on the golden ingot.
Oh, Nellie Bell.
Well, wasn't it Andy Devine's Jeep?
Anyway, you know, there are many who love too well but not too wisely.
Like the strange accounts of farmers who have relationships with their tractors or other pieces of farm.
Now we're talking about some disgusting stuff.
Oh yes, this is in the psychosexual area and many are the shocked and traumatized loved ones who have discovered their beloved father or whoever in flagrante delicto with the tractor still running and they have to take his body and cover up what really happened.
And for these hearty pioneers in the sexual arena.
One could never tell whether it was the grim reaper or the international harvester.
But there was one case where a farmer actually carried around the picture of his tractor in his wallet and he called it Lucille or something like that.
Well, this sod buster came to a rather bad end, I'll tell you.
You see that barn over there?
I built that barn myself.
Do they call me Joe the barn builder?
No, no, no.
You see that fence over there?
I built that fence myself.
But do they call me Joe the fence builder?

No, no, no.
You made us build it and you claimed it.
But just screw one lousy tractor and...
Right.
Well, speaking of bad ends, friends, this is the bad end of this show.
It is?
But it's not...
It's the end of the hour of slack.
Already?
But it's not the end of...
Why, we just got started.
Of evil.
There was so much to be...
So much to say.
We have...
So much to bring.
And now our voices must be still.
No, only for a short time while Dr. Sinister takes over the seat.


Oh, very well then.
We'll be right back after these messages.
Yes.
Subgenius.com.
Yes, if you're wondering what the hell this is all about, you can look at subgenius.com.
And if you're wondering about the disaster area and X Day, click on the events button.
And you will find your way to a picture of old C-Quar with a big yellow bow tie and a
funny little comic book about old C-Quar sitting in a cave.
Yeah, you'll think it's funny until it happens to you.
Yes.
Yeah.
And so, Dave, I don't know what to tell you.
What should I tell Dave?
Call back in five minutes.
Tell Dave to call back in a little bit.
Okay.
What's a little bit?
Three, four, five, three minutes?
Five minutes?
Wait.
We're going to jibber-jabber a little earlier than normal on synesthesia tonight.
And...
About ten minutes?
Yeah, ten minutes.
Ten minutes.
About ten minutes, okay.
Ten minutes.


Ten minutes.
Ten minutes.
I'm going to fade you out, Dave.
There we go.
Don't fade away, Dave!
I'm going to start this meaty barrage.
Two months ago, the observatory issued a press statement that the world was coming to an
end.
Now, that's the same story the cult of the book of Revelations had been preaching.
Now, when a scientist backs that up, it's news.
Our conclusions have nothing to do with the cult.
Well, today we deal with Bible prophecy.
But the word of God tells us we can expect nothing but trouble in the world.






We can expect nothing but trouble and turmoil in the Middle East until our Lord returns
to be the Prince of Peace.
Bob?
It's been known for some time that the fossil record contains several very pronounced mass
extinctions, when large numbers of quite unrelated species from all kinds of habitats appear
to die out during a relatively short period.
You have, say, an asteroid about ten kilometers across impacting on the Earth at a speed of
about 40 kilometers per second.
Did you hear what he was saying?
Did you hear what he was saying?
