Boy, you know, Robert, your hobby is a lot more pleasant than mine, I think.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, collecting cool old music and stuff.
And my hobby, at least especially lately, has been collecting kook literature.
Indeed.
All kinds of kook literature.
And, boy, I mean, I've had to all day long, I've been wading through weird political extremist stuff from both ends.
I see you got your boots on there.
Oh, yeah, that's right, and they're encrusted with kook belief, which is okay for a subgenius, you know.
I mean, that's where we get all our material.
Indeed.
We're not kooks, of course.
We just pick what we decide what we want to believe in, you know, out of these publications.
Publications about, oh, anti-gravity devices that have been suppressed.
Or, oh, God, boy, the right-wing hate material.
And left-wing hate material.
Both kinds of hate material.
Oh, oh, feed on that stuff.
Oh, God.
Be quiet about that, oh Lord.
Confess what you got.
Okay.
Well, it's trial and error.
They're running me fast, ain't I?

Got to�이e.
Can't take that as a line of attorney.




Tell me, you know, you know, what's really going on here at theихo.


If you don't stand up, I won't Legos next.
Immoral assistant.

I don't do that, baby.

Oh.
Oh, boy.
ists.
until he looked up.
And right above him, he saw a huge, monstrous, buzzing fly
whose name was Smith, too.
But Ant Smith didn't know this.
He only knew that he hated the fly because the fly could fly.
He couldn't fly.
He wasn't a flying ant.
And there were other differences that led to his prejudice.
So you can imagine how Ant Smith felt
when out of the corner of his runaway eye,
he looked back and saw this huge hand
arc through the air and capture Fly Smith and destroy him.
Ant Smith stopped in his tracks,
chuckled quietly to himself.
How was he to know
that he was a flying ant?

That that hand's foot would step on him?
And how was Mr. Smith to know
that he had just killed two Smiths?
Ant Fly Smith.
And one has to admit,
it was stupid to believe he was a flying ant.
Sorry you're off talk,
my old friend.
Don't meddle in the show.
Okie dokie.


parasite!
Yes.
All right!
B-O-B
B-O-B
Bob.
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
Wake up, puppet boy!
Hey!
Little baby baboon.
Would you, could you, with a goat?
I would not, could not with a goat.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius power of...
What?
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
Welcome, potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Yes, these giant pyramids are actually radio stations of a primitive nature, which broadcast...
I'll play rock and roll until I die.

...the library falls apart. I'll copy that old Procter & Berger movie.
Here's your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Ha, ha, ha.
...in a life coming at you.
Big reward, you're not too late.
Just in time.
Put your hands on mine, your mind, your mind.
Boys and girls of every creed.
Yeah.
Religion and persuasion, oh.
It's time to get up.
Off your knees.
We soak up.
Soak it up.
Open the door and let me in.
Don't question who I am, no.
Just shake my hand and give me your name.
We soak up.
Soak it up.
Soak up.
Soak it up.
Soak up.
Soak it up.
Yeah!
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Ha, ha, ha.
So good.
So good.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang.
And tonight's hour of slack is underwritten by the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company.
The Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company features Dobbs-approved church wear, including t-shirts,
buttons, survivalist uniform patches.
That's the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company, serving the public since God knows when.
And he told me.
The P.O.
Box number is P.O.
Box.
Got that pencil ready, dear friends?
That P.O.
Box number?
For Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company, where you can get those Dobbs-approved t-shirts,
buttons, and survivalist uniform patches, is Box 595148 in Dallas, Texas.
75359-5148.
Thanks, Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company, represented here by Pope S. Cecilia, for
supporting KNON.
Help me, this is a good thing.

Somebody.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
The record.
July 15, 1953.
Robbed, Doc.
Yeah, you have robbed me, but you say when have we robbed thee?
In tithes and offerings.
You are cursed with a curse for your sins.


you have robbed me, even this whole nation.
No, God wouldn't do that.
He's a loving God.
Besides, there's plenty of people
that have more money than I do.
I need mine.
Scott, you made your choice.
When you rejected my word, you rejected me.
And to your eternal sorrow,
you have found that I only could you afford
to give to God that which was his,
but you could not afford to do otherwise.
The Senate still stands.
Cast the unprofitable servant into outer darkness
where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth.
Sir, please, give me just one more chance, sir.
I don't want to go to hell, sir.
Sir, no, no.
Let go. I don't want to go to hell.
No!
It's been the next 20 years just slaving away
till I had a stroke and I passed away.
At the end of time, there was a judgment day.
I saw the Lord look at me, and I heard him say,
I am the Lord of mercy.
I don't forgive our sin.
My home art paradise.
Thou art welcome in.
My nobleness.
My only request, Jadar,
is that thou don't repent.
Hit it, boys.
I said, Lord, my body might be dead,
but I'm still in the mood to get a little head.
Maybe I don't know when I'm lit.
Well, I've been abused and I've been confused,
and frankly, Lord, I'm not amused,
and I don't believe we've been properly introduced.
I got a pain in my heart that I just can't beat it.
The sons of man call me hyperclete,
and if God is all, I'm pretty damn small,
but I got me a tongue about 10 feet tall.
That's why I'm willing to risk it all,
because I know a tongue can't be licked.
From ancient times unto the present day,
low from the fall of Rome to the USA,
from Cain and Abel to James Earl Ray,
you've heard the righteous cuss and the sinners pray.
Let me clear my throat!
It was another fall well into the holy year
when I swaggered into the bakery
to get some grass.
I had to get some graham crackers for my oral consumption.
Amen!
Genesis was playing on the hymn box,
and I was wearing a coat of many colors
with a matching tithe and vestibule
and a pair of scandals.
Hallelujah!
Hey, I come from a swinging kind of church.
For communion, we serve wafers and wine cooler.
Amen!
Anyway, my offering was in earnest.
Schuller, you jest,
Jim the baker preached with a devil-may-care attitude.
We haven't had any since the resurrection.
And besides,
the friar was defrocked.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Well, I don't want to turn this into a sermon,
but God only knows why they didn't break that bread for me.
And he told me
they couldn't raise the dough.
Thank you, thank you.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
That was, uh...
You know, I don't know who...
Oh, I don't know who that, uh...
that, that...
These little...
These little funny take-offs on, uh...
fundamentalists.
I don't know where...
Who left that tape in my box?
But somebody left it here in the, uh...
subgenius box at KNON
with no name attached.
Unmarked comedy tape.
And before that, there was an excerpt from
Told the Judge by Doctors for Bob,
which I can't, uh...
I can't let you hear even the chorus of.
It's...
I'd have to edit too many censored bobs into it.
This is the ology of the is-ness
being the revelation of Mr. Bob.
Mr. Zed.
And Bob brought me into an high place
above the roads of the city.
And I saw motorists in wondrous numbers
who drove chariots pulled by neither horses nor oxen,
and they turned not as they went,
and thus they slew many of my countrymen.
And I said unto Bob,
Who are the drivers of these chariots,
who see not that which path is before them,
and who are like unto the world when in their haste?
And Bob spake, saying,
They are the followers of the norm,
the pishai, the pimongus,
those who live in fear of themselves
and whose minds are fettered unto deepest evil.
They knoweth not the way,
and the ways of slack,
and thou mayest see by their driving.
And yea, they desire it thus,
for they be not of yeti,
but of pink seed.
Serve them not.
And I said,
Verily I will not serve them,
for have they not sought my life
and the lives of my kin with their chariots?
Have they not taken my gold and my women?
And do they not revile thy name and mine?
And Bob said,
Thou speakest the very truth.
The pink boys have done much else besides that of which thou lamentest.
They hath befouled Gaia, the mother earth,
as thou hast read in the books of Nag Hammadi,
with their foul vapors and phylunguents.
They have loosed the madness of the blind Azathoth upon the world's innocent.
They have launched heads now,
not of metal but of flesh,
in defiance of the edicts of the doctors,
and
and
ay, hath they spread false doctrines
to smother the divine meaning of the year zero.
Yea, in their arrogance they even slew me,
proving that they can take not and joke.
And Bob then smote me mightily upon the forehead, saying,
Go thou amongst the blind faceless ones,
the servants of the elder gods,
and make witness for the sake of thy kinfolk.
Spread the good news of slack eternal among those subgeni who knoweth not my name,
and end for evermore the reign of the Picts.
Perform thou the salute.
And he smote me again, and I fell down and knew no more.
And when I awoke at sunset I saw that I had been trodden underfoot
by the passing multitudes as I lay in a swoon,
and I swore a mighty oath,
and I cursed as I swore,
and I betook myself to my hearth.
May the power of the fist of Bob
and the wrath of Jehovah One
come down upon thee,
and remain with thee throughout all eternity.
Amen.
Slack.
Bob.
And thanks to hair doctor Chris Gross.
Then vermo fulg, therefore light appeared,
as loa, roaring sound rushed through my ears,
and to my awl, therefore, the,
light of all was focused across my genitals.
I had endured prison, endured it well.
I spoke my peace in the face of hell,
stood toe to toe with God and jeered,
and dropped my drawers while mankind cheered.
I remained defiant through the world of the dead,
but lo could I endure the Universal.
I was the first to die.
Pressure mounted.
Sweat poured off my face.
At stake was the future of the human race.
I became thelungsman,






And then at last there was a final thrust
as well as new digoест,
This rang out across the universe.
Hell was doused and death was licked.
The sword proved less mighty than the...
Mob?
The souls of all mankind did submerge into a universal one.
For the final prophecy therefore at last had come.
For the prophets staff therefore it is never budged.
I say behold me fools for I have...
Called the gods!
Called the gods!
Friends, now we have work.
For you from our sponsor.
The pink and pleasant plastic icon company of Del Rio, Texas.
I don't care if it rains or freezes.
Long as I've got my plastic Jesus glued to the dashboard of my car.
You can buy him phosphorescent.
Glows in the dark, he's pink and pleasant.
Take him with you when you're traveling far.
Hallelujah friends, yes you too can own one.
For only $1.98.
No COD's please.
Del Rio, Texas.
Hallelujah and friends if you send in this week $2.98.
You'll get in addition to your pink and pleasant plastic icon.
You'll get a genuine, stimulated pink plastic baby Jesus television light for your television set.
With a halo that glows and rotates.
Easing eye strain and bringing in better reception.
And friends.
No COD's please.
And friends.
If you do send in for this week.

Without fail.
And put in 50 cents extra for stamps.
Hallelujah friends.
We'll receive each day next week a different, a different member of the Holy Family.
With a halo that glows and rotates.
A television light antenna.
Imagine friends.
The envy of your neighbors.
When they come in to watch Mitch Miller at your house.
And they see the entire Holy Family sitting on top of your television set.
With their halos glowing and rotating and that's what a holy family is.










easing our strain and bringing in better reception.
Friends and neighbors, hallelujah.
What better place for a family altar
from the top of your television set?
You can buy a sweet Madonna
Dressed in rhinestones
Sitting on a pedestal of abalone shell
Going 90, I'm not weary
Cause I've got my Virgin Mary guarantee
I won't go to hell
All together now
I don't care if it rains or freezes
As long as I've got my plastic Jesus glued
To the dashboard of my click
We heard bits of Jerry Falwell in there
from his old-time gospel radio show.
And I've got to relate to you
my personal dealing with that organization.
I had to get some information
from Falwell's people for my job.
Now, I won't go into the specifics
about what the information
was or why.
Suffice it to say, the intention
was to expose the gaps
in Jerry Falwell's reasoning.
First, trying to get in touch
with someone who knew
what I was asking for
was like trying to get
a personal audience
with Herbert W. Armstrong.
Damn near impossible.
After a dozen phone transfers
to different departments,
I was finally talking to someone
who seemed to know
what I was talking about.
And they promised
it would be in the mail
as soon as possible.
Tuesdays later,
I got the envelope.
At last, a chance to glimpse
the twisted machinations
of the Falwell brain.
When I opened it,
I stared in shock.
You're not going to believe this.
Okay, okay, I'll tell you.
Inside were the receipts
and the current bill of this woman,
don't know who,
from Baltimore,
who, get this,
had pledged $400
to the old-time gospel hour.
And that was a year in total
and it had a due date
on the bill.
And if that wasn't outrageous enough,
the bill was like
a computerized utility bill,
but with a big difference.
At the bottom,
there was a quote from the Bible.
I...
Frightening stuff,
this electronic church.
A freedom-crushing,
self-fulfilling prophecy.
You think the subgenius foundation
is joking when we say
that groups like Jerry Falwell
and Jim Baker
and his Praise the Lord Club
and Jimmy Swagger,
are the ultimate deceivers,
leading the dupes into believing
they're following true Christianity
when in fact they're trucking
on the road to hell?
And I don't mean they're funky.
Wake up.
Bob is truth and Bob is lies.
Bob is cakes and fruits and pies.
Bob's my hassle, Bob's my watch.
Bob's my sandwich, Bob's my crotch.
Ah, I've to try it!
By the way,
thanks for the tip about the bananas.
They beat the hell out of carrots.
And so, once again,
the forces of evil gathered
over the radio station,
pus einzig.

the church of the subgenius show as an antenna to come from the outer world of darkness and evil
to infect the world which was the home of the human race this time they hoped to take over
completely and having established their hegemony to wipe the surface of the earth clean of mankind
and its annoying the elder gods from outside the spectrum were plotting against
and tonight they make their move
every political group claims that under them the people will run things but when the people find
out what's really going on they'll just run they'll rise up because the people will only
take nonsense like this well i don't know for a few million years then maybe they'll forget about
it maybe but not likely what else could it be here in the 80s nothing more than isn't it just 60 plus
20. clearly
wheels anything else is just a game next move on hello caller how long have you been listening and
what have you thought so far uh they help us get into i have it and i don't here we go
are pretty funny words
this morning
this morning
thank you thank you thank you thank you stay with us and we'll be giving a few uh lessons
on exercising in bed to keep your body in contact actually we could go to one of those lessons now i
think we could go in fact is there any particular part of the body you'd like to exercise exercising
the liver in the middle of the night might be or the face the liver this lady will talk to you in
just a moment here while i'm looking for the liver so deep in the middle of the night i'm looking for the liver
well i can't explain it either doctor but just look at that beautiful glow and she's swimming
along here it makes me want to pack up the sound effects in an old plastic bag and i just don't know
what you're talking about creatures don't come up under us and bite off our digits
so this station's digital huh
me
so this station's digital huh me

okay


okay
big man
one dollar
one dollar
one dollar
i'm gonna go pretty fast



help me somebody
um
slip
friends, those of you who are regular listeners would recognize that as an imitation of the
great Pope Li Jing, Pope of all China, really the acting high priest of all Asia for the
Church of the Subgenius, dear friends. A real person, not a made-up character. I mean, he's
real. And he's a good friend and a good subgenius. Unfortunately, he lives in a country where
they don't let you leave without a real good excuse. And he wants to get over to the U.S.
where he would have the freedom to practice his subgenius religion. You can do it in China,
but you have to, it's like they have a government subgenius religion. You're not allowed to
worship Bob. You have to worship some, I don't know, it's kind of a different setup over
there.
And Li Li Jing, as I do, loves his homeland, but he does need to come to school here. That's
really all he needs to do is to come to a university in the U.S. and improve his education,
which he wasn't able to get because he was of college age during the Cultural Revolution,
dear friends, in China, and served in the Army with great courage.
But,
but, but, he needs a bit of help. He needs, just on paper, a financial sponsor for his
university education for one year. And actually, this is, theoretically, now, this would just
be bucks that would, if he, for some reason, were not able to actually earn the money himself,
which I have no doubt that he would, because he is, believe me, a harder worker than he is.
He's a harder worker than you or I, dear friends. I've worked with the guy for several weeks.
And, so we, and I could do it myself. What he needs is somebody to sign a piece of paper
saying that if absolutely necessary, they could provide up to 11 grand. And I could
sign it. I could truthfully sign a paper like that, but I'd kind of be up that mighty creek
if something went wrong.
So,
so I would, I would love to have someone share the, the slight possibility of this burden.
And if anybody wants to do that, they should call the Willa Dobbs and leave their phone
number, and I'll talk to them tomorrow. That phone number is 823-7490 or 828-9500. Now,
this Li Li Jing, friends, is the ultimate cool dude.
And, uh, this, well, I'm not trying to make you give an impersonal donation to a bunch of
preachers who say they're feeding starving kids. This is a one-to-one deal where you're helping a
fellow subgenius move from the Chinese conspiracy's grip into the United States conspiracy's grip.
And this is a true, I mean, this is not some charity thing. This is a true subgenius in every
way. He's not some hustler from Taiwan, nor a Hong Kong mafia guy. Uh, but a, he's the Peking
equivalent of you or I with a family.
This is a man who has a brain and a, although probably a injured one, and a, a, a great sense
of humor. This is a man who instantly transcends vast cultural gulfs by sheer intuition, body
language, and intelligence. Uh, if not incredible psychic powers. Li Li Jing, the Pope, friends,
of one quarter of the world is who we're talking about. Uh, this is our only inroad to, to
the, uh, the technocracy of the world.
And, uh, the, the future, the, the far future. So, um, call 823-7490 or 828-9500. If you want to, uh, share a bit of the, uh, the, like I say, the burden on paper for this worthy Chinese subgenius, uh, who has, uh, who can get into a school in the U.S. if he can but, uh, prove that he has friends over here. That's, that's all he needs to do. And, uh,
Oh, yes. Praise Bob. Who helped me somebody?
In search of Bob. A radio play in percepto vision.
Our story begins.
In the war ravaged hill and dale of Europe. During those turbulent years, many stories circulated about a strange man with a pipe and a grin. Could this be the man we are thinking of? I'm here now in Europe with a man who was there.
Yes. I was there.
Can you tell us about it?
Oh, yes, I can tell you about it.
All the villages were burning.
Left were the Germans.
The right side were the Americans and the English.
And there was a circle, a group of men and women, watching.
Something.
They were screaming.
I went there.
In the middle was a man.
With a pipe.
He was all nude.
And he was being whipped.


It was terrible.
.
.



.
.
.
.
.
.

.
I couldn't believe it.
.
.
.
Blood gushing down.
And then...
then it happened.
.
One of the soldiers came to me.
.
.


.
.

He looked me in the eyes and he said,
you seem to enjoy this, don't you?
He gave me the whip
and pointed at the bleeding back of this man.
I had to hit him and they looked at me
if I hit it hard enough.
I had to draw blood.
Then he turned around and looked me in the eyes.
It was unbelievable.
It seemed as if everything became silent.
His hair was impeccable.
He was smiling and his pipe was smoking.
And now you are showing me the real blood.

Showing me his drawing, this picture.
And indeed, it is the same smile,
the same pipe, the same power.
This must be the man.
This must be Bob.
Could this be J.R. Bob Dobbs in Europe?
Possibly.
Still certain criteria have to be met.
Never found me yet
Oh, friends.
I have to cut in and explain where that one came from.
And it will be continued.
That wonderful documentary
that was recorded in the Netherlands, in Amsterdam,
by Inhibiting Factor and the Dutch fellow,
I can't remember his name,
and I didn't bring the cassette case with me.
So once again, credit goes off out into airwaves
that we're not hooked up to.
But there's a subgenius show in the Netherlands.
I don't think it's regular exactly,
but whenever Inhibiting Factor comes out,






our friend in Chicago gets out to Amsterdam,
which is every three or four months, apparently,
they do a big subgenius special.
And that's why we've been getting mail
from the Netherlands a lot lately.
So they're head and frockmeisters there.
And Will is, you can listen to Will sing.
Isn't that beautiful?
Isn't that a lovely song?
That's great, Will.
Never found me yet
Jesus' blood never found me yet
Never found me yet
Jesus' blood never found me yet
This one thing I know
For he loves me so
To Dwayne Johnson
For he loves me so
To Dwayne Johnson
For he loves me so
To Dwayne Johnson
For he loves me so
time. God bless you and a little children.
That's a hell of a testimonial I see Fred.
I'm over read Snavely and Eklund.
And we were at the Hall of High School library
today and we put lots of subgenius literature
in all of the books. All around we have Dobbs hit miniature Dobbs hit
uploading everywhere miniature Dobbs hit everywhere you go there's a miniature Dobbs hit.
Begin by settling back
comfortably. Get as comfortable
as you can. Well we're getting
comfortable now. Hey I feel better already Paul.
We're here in Telegraph Avenue and the music's cool. Oh wow I can feel
it coming on. Must be a whole trip here.
It's like being on acid right? Yeah.
Here we are in front of
the school bus stop.
We're going to park here very carefully and very quickly so we can run across the street
and plaster Bob's little face all
over the billboard.
We're back here at the studio trying to clean up the mess after the explosion but
we did get Bob all over two billboards right by Tower Records
and we did take an authenticating photograph which if it comes out I will send to you.
And you can see Bob spread out all over Berkeley.
And all the other things I've got them all plastered up everywhere
I've been telling everybody about them. I've been mumbling
about subgenius and everything to many people.
Look at that cloudy planet go by.
Gee this is really inspiring and I'm glad to be talking to you here
from Star Deck One and... My Lord! Yes?
Yes Elric? A floating ship is about to crash into us!
Oh pay no attention to it. So done! Yes my Lord!
These droids get so upset when
the least little thing goes wrong but anyway
it's a... Wow that is pretty awesome.
Look it's... Well Doug we found Bob.
Do you want to say anything to Doug? He's really appreciated
I think because he's really great. Hi there Doug.
I'm Bob. I'm better
than you've ever heard of.
Believe me I am. I'm a native.
Thank you.
He isn't here. No use loser than clams. No use
loser than clams.
I'll be right back.







Have any effect on me?
Why am I thinking these things?
I am not loser than clams.
I am not loser than clams.
I am not loser than clams.
I am not loser than clams.
I am not loser than clams. Why should it matter
Where I am going
Or where I have been
Will it bring me peace?
Is there a decision
Or a conclusion
I can feel comfortable in?
Will I ever be able to sleep?
I am not lucid and clams
I am not lucid and clams
I am not lucid and clams
I am not lucid and clams
I am not lucid and clams
Maybe there's something deep
Inside my head that's pounding
Trying to escape and surface
Maybe, just maybe
That something pounding hard is ugly
Better left alone
Than taken
And hammered within
Maybe, just maybe
My mind just can't hold back
Whatever thoughts are down there
Trying hard to surface
Maybe, just maybe
I'll let it loose
And then we'll see what happens
In order to lose
I am not lucid and clams
I am not lucid and clams
I am not lucid and clams
You didn't imagine

I am not lucid and clams
If I could someday
Get set for this


Get away from

That high
The mooring
The cow
The garden
That I and the cat
Yeah, it'll do
You know it's a long way

The food

At thehas

A man's crazy
I'm a lovely person
I'll believe you
Maybe just maybe there's something deep inside my head that's pounding
Trying to escape and surface
Maybe just maybe there's something pounding
Heart is ugly, better left alone than tampered with
And maybe just maybe my mind just can't hold back
Whatever thoughts are down there trying hard to surface
Maybe just maybe I'll let it loose
And then we'll see what happens
Maybe just maybe there's something pounding
We're gonna lose
I am not lucid and clam
I am not lucid and clam
I am not lucid and clam
I am not lucid and clam
I am not lucid and clam
I am not lucid and clam
I am not lucid and clam
Oh, that was Zug's rift.
Once again, that's Zug's rift.
And I couldn't believe it.
Once again, I was in one of those big chain record stores.
And sure, just scanning the cassettes, I usually never buy anything.
But there was another commercially available Zug's rift record.
And this was a best of.
It's called Looser Than Clams by Zug's Rift.
And you can find it in stores right now.
Although his older stuff you might be able to find in places like...
Metamorphosis and VVV and so forth.
Here's another letter from a dear listener.
This one's from...
Willie Heckleson, Mr. Bill.
And he says,
Dear Reverend Stang,
I had a dream that I thought I should relate to you.
It goes as follows.
My brother, Clay in Austin,
who has a slack band,
and I were heading to a devival.
We were in a half track with enormous speakers on top
that were blaring slack tapes.
As we approached the site, which was a cove at a lake,
we were flabbergasted at the number of subgeni there.
You met us at the gate to direct us to the stage area.
You got in the vehicle with us and we proceeded...
fropping.
As we reached designated area, the devival was starting.
D.K.
Jones began, followed by Pope Meyer of the Great Pacific Northwest.
After that, you took charge and the whole gathering of 20,000 started chanting,
praise Bob, gimme Bob, and suddenly...
Bob appeared.
He walked from the stage to the beach and continued to walk on out across the water.
He walked the water.
He walked about a hundred yards, then stopped and turned.
Then...
He miraculously grew until he was approximately 100 feet tall
and started to speak with the crowd totally silent.
Stunned.
As he spoke, airplanes appeared in the skies above, obviously pinks,
and started to drop bombs.
Bob leisurely removed his pipe, caught the bombs in his mouth,
and spit them back at the pink boys, causing the crowd to cheer madly.
Unfortunately, I then woke up.
There's only this much I could see.

But I felt great.
I had to relay this wonderful religious experience with you,
especially after the wonderful way you did my...
Oh, people that buy PSA lately.
Okay, great, that's the guy with the food co-op.
Wish I had the number right on- by me.
Also, I've enclosed a tape.
I know you'll love it.
Oh, well maybe that was the uh,
Which one was it?
They float around, there's so many of them, God...
There's literally a thousand to set.
Oh, well, brother, we're so glad to hear that testimonial of that mighty dream,
that fantastic dream, which tells the truth.
Surely, I think you saw a precognitive vision of either the subgenius movie
or the big party of X-Day itself.
And where will we hold that party?
Well, actually, I'm going to think that I'm going to tape where we talk about that very, very thing.
And I'm going to slide that in.
That's a sudden, you can just jump from one subject to the next.
Because it's composed of people who aren't joiners.
And I think an awful lot of subgeniuses never have joined up, so to speak, just because of that.
And that's fine.
You know, they know that on X-Day, when the bombs start to fall and the earthquakes
and the tribulation money starts falling from the sky,
they'll be paying their dues.
$20 membership dues to the church, that's for sure.
It's the only way to get a good seat on the escape vessels of the sex goddesses, baby.
So, you know, we're...
And if it doesn't happen, then great.
Bob postponed it.
So, well, that's, of course, the standard excuse employed by many a religious organization.
I mean, if the prophecies that they make don't come true, then it's just been postponed.
Yeah, but the difference is...
For us, it'll be a great party no matter what.
Oh, sure.
We're going to have the biggest party on Earth in 1998.
And there's a toss-up as to whether to have it in Lapland or...
What was the other one?
Tierra del Fuego?
Tierra del Fuego or the Antarctic Peninsula, yeah.
Right.
Because...
Or on the ranch in Argon, belonging to a famous author who shall remain famous.
Oh, yeah, right, right, yeah.
Well, we've got to check with the merry pranksters about that.
The great...
Grandfathers of the...
Grandmothers of the subgeniuses.
So, I've heard, although I was not there, that you made a previous appearance in Boston
and met with some rather controversial response.
Do you want to comment on that?
Well, yeah, yeah, they say through...
Nah, we don't need to comment on that.
Well, anyway, that was from the last trip to Boston.
We did a quick phone interview with...
Um...
Um...
Um...










Reverend Tim, the mighty Reverend Tim, who has a, I guess, an irregular sort of a subgenius
type show out there on radio station I don't know what.
It is painful to think about it.
It's all coming back to me.
Why are you here?
Why do you want to know about this?
Man, this J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Who is he?
The foundation in Dallas has sent me to find out more about the origins of this man.
We know that during this time, it was the age of the final solution.
The Axis, as well as the Allied forces, were collecting up the subgenius from both sides.
Commodities were scarce.
There were no salesmen about.
This is a recorded fact.
Hmm.
Indeed, something very strange happened.
What happened?
After I whipped this man,
I had to vomit.
My whole stomach was coming out.
I felt sick like a dog and...
When I opened my eyes again, I was alone.
Everybody was gone.
Except one person.
This man with his pipe.
Bleeding.
Half nude.
Looking at me.
I gave him my shirt.
He thanked me.
And then he gave me a ballpoint.
I had never seen a ballpoint before.
I think it was one of the first ones.
I still have it.
Let me see.
I must have it somewhere here.
Look, here it is.
Yes.
I keep it with me all the time.
Indeed.
Made from molded plastic.
Yes.
Yes.
It was a new material then, you have to remember.
Actual weight loss.
But did he sell it to you?
Of course he sold it to me.
Of course, I paid dearly.
I paid.
And I think I'm still paying.
I never stopped paying.
????
????
..

????
????
?????


u financing ?????
This is Oingo Boingo.
Welcome to my little world Completely self-contained, yeah
The problems, they will soon be gone We soak up, soak up, soak up lots of pain, yeah
And life is a reflecting pool
And we are like a sponge, yeah Absorbing the good with the bad
We soak up, soak it up So give me all your troubled thoughts
And baggage you can't handle, no We'll gladly take it off your back
We soak up, soak up, soak up lots of pain, yeah
Yeah
Isn't anyone to know Everybody goes insane
Everybody locks the door to keep out any stranger
Everybody opens up
Everybody opens up
Everybody's got your fuse.
Give me two blocks.
We live in so much danger.
Boys and girls in the line.
Come and get your big reward.
You're not too late.
Just in time.
Just put your hands on mine, your, mine, your mind.
And when everybody has gone to bed.
And children are asleep.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sit up late and watch TV.
And soak up.
Yeah.
Soak up.
Soak up lots of pain.
Yeah.
Little Junior on the bus.
Oh, friends, stay tuned for Ron Lindsey's show coming up next with Soul Oldies down Memory Lane.
And I should mention another show that's on earlier in the day on Sundays.
And that's Beyond Bows and Arrows.
They just left a little thing in my box.
And I thought I might as well mention something about it.
That show's main goal is correcting the many false stereotypes which exist pertaining to those of them who are labeled American Indian.
Now, those Indians, friends, they want everything.
We've already given them so much.
The BIA, Bureau of Indian Affairs, government houses, smallpox, malaria.
What would we ever ask in return, friends?
Only their land and their children, that's all.
That's all.
That's all.
That's their culture.
But that's Beyond Bows and Arrows at noon on Sundays.
Noon to one here on KNON.
I used to live on the Lakota Sioux Reservation in Rosebud, South Dakota.
We were the only honkies for miles and had a lot of Indian friends.
And you'll notice that I tend to use the word Indian rather than Native American.
It's not accurate, of course.
But all the cool old.
Respected elders and medicine men and young firebrands said Indian.
In fact, they said Indian.
And the only time I ever heard the phrase Native American on the reservation
was when the white anthropologist fools and documentary filmmaker vampires were around.
Well, dear friends, this has been another, and still is actually, another hour of slack.
The only org.
And of the church of the subgenius, dear friends, which you may write for more information at.
Do you have that quill dipped in innocent baby's blood, friends?
Ready to write that number?
Yes, it's P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
Beautiful Dallas, Texas.
Great tourists.
Spot, huh?
Seven, five, two, one, four.
That's Bob at Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
Seven, five, two, one, four.
Hmm.
Come on and drench me, drench me, drench me in my finest array.
Cause just in case you haven't heard today's Dormido Day.
Of all the, uh...
Oh I would never say...
Have I seen it before?
Lip muc—
Oh child!
Uh, I am good.
I am a ball bear.
Douglas Verschke?
No, he's not.

He's not?
This is KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Praise Bob.
And stay tuned for Ron Lindsey.
Ron Lindsey.
Ron Lindsey.
