No, no, no.
How does that start?
God, I can't remember.
I guess, friends.
No, I guess, dear friends.
You're listening.
No.
It's the subgenius radio ministry hour of slime.
Brought to you by the Church of the Subgenius.
Produced here at the beautiful studios of WCSB, Cleveland.
I love that show.
It's so iconoclastic.
And, you know, everything is worthy of poking at and making fun.
And sometimes throwing dirt on the shoes and pulling a knife at it.
Yeah, they're just a mirror that reflects the illness in society.
No, no, no.
They're not sad.
No, no, no.
Look at the mirror.
You're listening to...
The subgenius radio ministry hour of slime.
Now I really do have to flip it.
Oh, please don't look in the mirror.
You're not going to like what you see there.
Well, we take our initiates and we string a little tendon between their heels
and drag them three times around the radio station before beginning.
Then we dip them in the sacred water.
And what exactly does this do for them?
Well, it causes them to forget everything they've learned
and it prepares their mind for the slate.
Like impression, the imprinting of the true subgenius.
Maybe one is gone.
Try it.
I mean, three.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
Well, I can...
He took my headphones away.
I don't know what the music is doing.
He took my headphones.
Look, oh, wait.
Oh, I can hear.
That's all right. I know I hear what the listener is hearing when his car speakers are in really bad shape.
Sounds just like my car.
I thought you were going to say you hear what the car listener hears when his car rams into an abutment at 85 miles an hour.
I hear what the car listener is thinking, and it's very depressing.
Especially as his car goes off the cliff, and he frantically pushes his foot all the way, the pedal, all the way through the floor.
And like in a Goofy Goose cartoon, his foot goes all the way through, out to the other side, and he begins pedaling like Fred Fuzz areas.
And I wish that we could be funnier in his last moments, but it's just the way it is.
It's just right there.
It's just right there.
It's just right there.
It may be that some of you here are indeed yourselves human.
In fact, in fact, most of you here are...
You are probably pink human beings.
It's possible.
And that's why we're here.
It didn't happen.
Bob.
The Bob.
I want to meet him.
Many, uh-huh.
Many have seen him.
You try to meet Bob.
Exactly, and you never will.
And you never will.
So this is the closest I'm going to get to meeting Bob.
No, no, no.
One day a man will come up to you and sell you something you don't really need, and when he does, you have been touched by Bob.
But even though you didn't need it, you will somehow have gotten slack.
True slack.
And you will have to have it.
It's so hard for people to understand, especially in this country.
In a great deal of the rest of the world, it's very simple.
Slack is having enough food in your stomach.
But in America, we are plagued with false slack and false money, false sex, false everything.
False drugs.
Bob delivers the real thing, the real pills, the pills of revolution, my friend.
Bob delivers...
And the slack that heals.
Remember, slack that only moves, it can remove.
Uh-huh.
I want one of you...
I want you two to deliver me a rant.
What do you think you've been doing?
It's not enough to be done that way.
You must also work.
Oh, we are out of there!
Oh, that is my favorite song for sure.
Oh, we're out of that Belfast battle zone.
Slave driver drove his tank into his reserved parking spot.
And stepped out looking like Margaret Thatcher.
The war was on.
Ah, the keys on the typewriter had sharp points that kept sticking into our fingers.
The dictating equipment started asking us questions.
And our beepers sent electric shocks just through our body like a cattle prod.
Out in the warehouse...
The trucks kept banging into the docks.
Not even thinking about stopping.
Oh, our frail bodies were strapped to the chairs.
And our chairs were chained to the desks.
Our pleas for justice were ignored.
And the end seemed near.
But we busted our Margaret Thatcher.
Slave driver's little bitty balls.
We've charged out of their brick fortress.
The streets are ours because...
It's Friday!
Friday!
FRIDAY!
You see, it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter how sinful it is.
It doesn't matter how miserable you are.
It doesn't matter how much you've had to kiss ass on some ignorant lout who happens to make more money than you.
You can still find slack!
Now unfortunately, unfortunately, that doesn't sit well with many.
No siree.
Most of you, most of you, most of you believe that you already have slack.
That ain't what Jesus said.
Broad is the way that leadeth to destruction.
Narrow is the way that leadeth to life.
And few there be that find it.
Few, he said.
So, you must ask yourself.
Why do you think you're a subgenius?
How do you know you have slack?
As the prophet Hyperclete said,
Many hear the call, but few have correct change for the pay toilet.
Now this is harsh.
It's harsh, it's blunt, but it's true.
Most of the churches in this country, in Canada, and around the world,
they go by the name of subgenius, or Christian, or Hindu, or Muslim.
Most of these churches do not teach a full gospel of slack and are by and large useless.
Most of the preachers, hundreds upon hundreds of thousands of preachers,
do not preach a full gospel of slack.
Most of them preach no slack at all.
Some do. Some do. Some do.
Thank God for the good churches.
And there are some, but they're precious few.
Most of the people, millions upon millions of people,
all over the world, do not know Bob, do not have slack,
have never been re-killed in Bob's mighty fire,
and unless they get slack, they will die without Bob and be lost forever.
They don't love you, Bob! They don't love you, Bob!
They don't love you like I do!
Bill Clinton was governor for 300 years in Arkansas,
and he never did anything about doctors for Bob.
Clinton actually, he did. He married one of doctors for Bob in the governor's mansion.
Hey, so what about Bush's daughters?
Hot little things there, huh? Little cokeheads a bit, huh?
She's cute.
I bet they all get their coke from daddy.
Wouldn't that be terrible?
They call him the Michael Corleone of the Michael Corleones in the New York Times.
One guy. I forget if he was a guy or not.
Those are hired daughters. Those aren't the real daughters.
That's what I thought. They were models. Yeah, dancers.
They've been groomed for a long time. Remember the old Soviet programs?
They all spoke Russian, too, from an earlier program.
Crazy whores or something like that.
At least with Chelsea.
No, they used those for the jeans.
She was definitely the kid of both of them.
Of regular people. Yeah, regular people.
These were specially bred and fed, the Bush children, each to resemble something in Elan or Teen Magazine or something like that.
They're perfectly normal looking. And attractive. Very logical looking.
If you're a young, fleshy, or some person that can only ditto an agreement to many things, get a look at that and stop thinking even more so as your memory swells.
You say to yourself, finally normality has returned.
We can all be proud to be normal and serve the, you know, whoever.
Someone better and more important.
Someone is taking care of you.
Someone who's got more money than me.
While you may have to move from your house and live on the street.
A true master. Someone superior.
It's going to be just fine.
Someone I can work for.
Everything is going to be just peachy.
Someone I can serve.
That's right, you'll find a new life in Bush Haven, Thurston.
Someone I can force everyone to join me.
Where everyone gets a special voucher worth 29 cents towards the advancement of their career or enrichment as a human being.
Everyone will also receive 45 cents as transportation passage for one year.
Thanks to the Republican Party of the United States of America and the corporate states of America.
Everyone will receive 40 acres and a mule.
It's welcome to the new New Deal in the new old age.
Yes, 40 acres and a mule from hell.
Jesus is back with a coat hanger.
A rusty coat hanger.
Yes, the Lord has returned with a rusty coat hanger.
I think that says more than it wants to.
That says it all.
We should make bumper stickers.
Sterno was going to make a bumper sticker.
Oh, my God.
20 years ago.
When they were trying to outrun him.

I love any kind of abortion that just had a picture of a coat hanger that said, welcome back.
Okay, here's a thought.
I don't want to be shot or procrastinated or even put in a broadcast delay for the next 45 minutes.
What if instead of doing away with a lot of these things they want to do away with, we did away with Jesus?
Okay, forget about that.
That was a bad idea.
Do you think anything would change?
I mean, it was just like an errant thought that came in there and put a little mushroom cloud and left.
Do away with Jesus?
How do you think we got?
That's where they made the mistake the first time.
Let's do away with Jesus.
That's how this started.
Now, by the same token, they decided they'd do away with Martin Luther King.
Well, this token is no longer valid.
So, let's just see what happens with that one.
This token is no longer valid.
They decide they'd do away with Mr. David Korek.
Now, you're going to need a transfer.
Let's just see what happens now.
They decide this token is no longer valid.
They said they'd just do away with all those people in Bhopal, India.
Well, let's just see what happens now.
It's going to be a bummer, my friends.
It's going to be a stone bummer, baby.
I'm getting there and the south end of the flats have to go to work every day.
Let's do away with all those people that have to put meat on the potatoes and bread on both sides of the butter.
Let's do away with all those people that have to do away with people.
Well, at least have a way with poople.
Because those are the real pooples.
The pooples that we're trying to reel.
Mr. Sinehoff, it's time to reel in.
Could you please sit down here, please?
Thank you.
Okay, just take this clipboard and put it on your knees.
You're going to feel a tingling in a few short minutes.
Just let your eyes roll back in your head.
That's right.
You're going to see a lot of silly things.
You had a little laugh before.
Okay.
Here we go.
Kill me, Bob.
I want to die for Bob.
I want to die for Bob.
People of America, people of the United Snakes, please.
Please, if you can, stay tuned to your radios, your appliances.
Stay close to your Mixmax or perhaps even your microwave if it has to be very special.
We're going to have to sign off the air.
I don't want to sign off the air.
You stay here all night and stay on the air.
Stay away from your windows if you can.
I've got to do an hour's work.
You can just do it live on the air, record it, and dub it off on the air.
Only in two minutes.
Okay.
It's all right.
I don't want to get old.
You can just do it live on the air.
Record it and dub them off on the air.
I'm going to get home.
Price
I'm a killer, I'll kill the asshole
What do you want, you son of a bitch?
I want to cry, I want to cry
I'm a killer, I'll kill the asshole
What do you want, what do you want?
I want to cry, I want to cry
This is a song dedicated to Miki
and to all his family
and to Iñaki, his brother
Fuck!
They kick him in the ass
Fuck!
They kick him in the ass
Fuck!
They kick him in the ass
Fuck!
Fuck!
Fuck!
They kick him in the ass
Fuck!
They kick him in the ass
Fuck!
They kick him in the ass
Fuck!
Fuck!
I'm a killer
I'll kill the asshole
What do you want, you son of a bitch?
I want to cry! I want to cry!
I'm a killer
I'll kill the asshole
What do you want, you asshole?
I want to cry! I want to cry!
Fuck!
That's such a perfect image for what we're going through right now,
what's trying to pierce our humble little voice.
And there you see, once the administration is in place,
the administration is in place now.
You know, at least with Clinton, it was a literal screw.
Yeah, right.
When they said you were getting screwed, that's exactly what they meant.
I mean, that's what it was.
That meant if you were like some blonde fired...
This secondary thing.
It's like, think how many Monica Lewinsky's there are in between us and George now.
And none of them are cute.
None of them have been women.
They're just more ugly old white men all the way down the line,
except for a few old white women who are really ugly old white men in disguise.
Well, that is where our power structure is today.
We have 500 ugly old women disguised as 500 ugly old men.
Now there's like thousands of them.
Most of them don't even look as much like a woman as she does.
Or even as much like Janet.
And not that, you know, I mean, hey, I don't judge a book by its cover.
I judge it by how many pages are stuck together.
Here you come fully equipped with a bunch of those quotable quotes.
Janice Joplin or Janet Reno, who sings the blues better?
With a grading system of 10 to 9.
In what way?
Who had more soul?
Who had the greater range?
Who does ball and chain better might be another way to look at it, which would give you...
That was Aerodite.
That was Laconic.
That was Lagoobish.
I mean, I mean, forget all of that.
That was quick.
That was a panacea.
Love is like a ball and a chain.
Hey, yay, yay, yay, yay, baby.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
We just watched one of his strangest...
We're looking at the internet monitor right now.
We're not going to get the internet porno on the radio anymore.
Mr. Hellman, I can understand why you're so popular with the ladies.
You've left a string of pregnancies everywhere you've been.
Hey, ladies, you just about got my ass shot off back there.
Now we're going into hostile mutant territory at full throttle.
Damn, I hope you know what you're doing.
She can supply you with endless nights of pleasure.
Hey, what do you do walking around like that with no top on?
I'm free.
I'm proud.
I'm woman.
Okay, let me just see if I can get this straight in my head.
There are these guys who sell freaks in bottles.
And you're like this class A, big time freak collector.
Biological oddities.
You're right.
And like your job is, selling the freaks in the bottles that this guy buys.
That's right.
You're like the chief freak broker in this freak collecting underground.
And I put up with your typing for three years because I thought you were too stupid to stab me in the back.
You're fired.
You're fired from everywhere.
You're fired from the f***ing universe.
Huh?
Well, shoot.
I don't want to go to jail.
There are lesbians there.
I always thought that was one of the advantages.
You got some place to go?
Hey, if I had some place to go, I certainly wouldn't be in Cleveland.
Even now, there are great numbers of werewolves living secretly among us.
Keep your eyes and ears open and close your mouth, Blaine.
Blaine closed this.
Blaine opened that.
Just like prison.
Damn hybrid alien.
Snake man creature.
As well as round-the-clock radio messages to the American population urging them to overthrow the evil robber.
The Barons will seize power in this bloodless coup.
Presidential appointee George W. Bush showed little understanding of the gravity of the situation after UN sanctions were explained to him.
If they don't like it, maybe they should look for a new home for their organization, he reportedly said.
Sanctions are scheduled to begin immediately.
What kind of flavor sanctions are we going to be having?
Ugh.
Well, that's not only disturbing, but it's also very...
I don't know, kind of exhilarating to think that we might be liberated by UN troops who...
Yeah, yeah, I guess...
...come to restore Martian law.
Right, the Nicaraguans and Colombians and so forth will be sending peacekeeping troops here too.
I hope the drug lord sends a few squads or squadrons...
Squat teams.
Squat teams.
That's all you can think about, isn't it, Dave?
Squatting or teams?
Boats.
Teeing and squatting and stuff.
Actually, all I can think about is like...
Disgusting.
...riding around in a...
...boat with a bunch of girls.
But that's...
That almost got me into an accident on the way here.
I saw some whole movies of you skiing behind a boatload of girls.
Yeah, but that...
They were all laughing at you and you had no skis.
See, I was an extra.
Remember the island of Dr. Moreau?
Not the ones...
You said there were three major classics and a couple rip-offs?
No, two classics and one terrible rip-off.
Well, this was kind of like an island of Dr. Moreau thing.
There were all these sexed-up babes who had lived near a nuclear power plant and stuff.
And testosterone was somehow quantized with it, too.
And I had to water ski like endlessly, like for hours and hours and hours around the same little puddle.
I had seen everything before a thousand times.
I heard they made you do that.
And I got no pay.
You know, your usual chicken sandwich bidet and so forth that you get as your offerings for having done your doo-doo.
You just...
I didn't make anything off of it.
Not even a concept that made sense.
And still don't.
But if you can imagine a bunch of like...
Female werewolf queens.
Whoa!
Now you're talking.
And one of those like really hot Chris Craft, you know, like outboards and stuff from the 50s and everything.
Wearing those Donna Reed bathing suits, like smiling and waving and stuff like that.
And sometimes their hands fall off because I guess they're trying to weave a leper colony thing in there with, you know, the people being beastial and so forth.
And I had to have sex with all of them, too.
With the werewolf cheerleader babes, did you say?
A cheerleader kind of beach babes.
More like a net, you know, fungicide or something.
You know, some...
You bet.
You know...
Well, the sexy aspect of werewolf women, werewomen wolves has not been explored except in very few movies that...
The howling.
The first howling movie I remember had a sexy werewolf scene where this couple goes out waiting for the full moon because they're into it.
Yeah, I remember that.
The full moon comes up and they're making the beast with two backs.
While they change into werewolves, of course, they end up...
At the end of the climax of the scene, the male is...
And talk about dog breath.
And talk about dog breath.
A coffee to Bob Doglin.
Also to Bob Doglin.
Bob Doglin.
arrival
This movie was shot between May 21 and early November, descried as ter Berkeley Dogherland 3.
A beer Healthyiska investic simultaneity movie made for abused Bombadoom.

Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
Outro Music
This is like art brew or something like that.
This is crude.
This is not really...
This is if we have no professional...
What is this Ashcroft?
Fellow.
What have these...
All these...
I almost started looking at the news.
I had to sit in a dentist's office.
What was there to read?
Wasn't anything there to read but Time Magazine.
Oh, well.
He's a non-benign bigot.
He is a big old pile of poo.
Excuse my language.
I could be sued by him as the Attorney General of the United States.
I'm coming.
In the tanks?
Yeah, and he'd be wearing those like weird...
Putting what they call it on his armpits.
Eggs and stuff.
What do they call that?
On his epaulets.
Chaz, what are you worried about?
You're a...
You're a...
A middle-aged, job-holding, white man.
You're a non-combatant.
Smith.
You're a non-combatant.
He's Smith, no less.
Probably from some sort of a Protestant background.
When they run your check, when they run your check, you go,
Yeah, Smith.
You can pass through us now.
You could be a horrible wasp.
Yeah, Smith.
Smith, fine name, Smith.
So what are you worried about?
Mr. Smith, come and tell your place next to me.
Did I say I was worried?
Mr. Smith, yeah, right across from Mr. Jones.
Mr. Jones, meet Mr. Smith.
I have to use the guy that started going off.
I know, I know.
I know, I know.
I'm confused.
You're Bill Smith.
I was too scared to do that the previous weeks.
And you're Bob Jones.
No, I can't wait till the born-again take over.
William Smith and Bill.
Meet Bill, meet Bob.
I'm sorry.
No, I was just going through the family tree like a feathered chimpanzee with thoughts that...
Just like...
Can't you wait until the born-again take over?
I can't wait.
I just can't wait.
I started early.

I started early.
First, I sent him the certificate, which I burned promptly.
And then I did the bondage.
I set a bonfire in the backyard.
I initiated a few of the younger teens.
And in the hopes that by the time they got to my house or your house, everything would
already be done.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, Dave, how come this time I'm the one who's all worried about the fascists and you're
the one who's being all escapist and hiding your head in the sand and under a rock inside
a record player?
I made a special deal that if I shaved my eyebrows, not just my hair...
Not just your knees.
Oh, no.
Not just my knees or my hair.
Is it like a skinhead in the neo-fascist world?
I shaved my eyebrows, my face, and most parts, other parts of my body.
Now you're cool.
No, no, no.
This is the beginning of it.
I made myself perfectly clean because I'm going to be one of this one class and I get
out of...
You're going to be in the dome.
I don't die.
You don't want to be caught outside the dome.
No.
You're in the country club.
No.
You changed...
No, you're in the country club.
I'm just one of the guys who look at stuff all day and get confused and wonder where
they're, you know, why they're there and what they're doing.
You actually have some privileges, I guess, from what I heard about your card, but my
card means I get out free, but I don't have a very pleasant life.
No, I can't get into the...
I can't get into the dome.
I didn't know you were refused.
No, I'm not on the outside for sure.
Stang.
There was a time when I actually thought that I was going to be inside the dome.
Man, that's exactly how they keep you going.
It's an honor to be in the same room with Ivan Stang.
Chaz, Stang is honored to be in the same room with himself and he's...
Monica Lewinsky again.
Sorry.
Sir, who are you?
Could you please pronounce your last name as slowly as possible?
This is Julian Lisping.
Jelan.
You're supposed to pronounce it...
This is the guy who's had the bizarre numerical experience.
That's the all seven.
The one, one, underscore, one, one, one, underscore, one, one, three separated by three with the
one in the middle deciding the rule, that whole thing.
Well, I don't think you ever really went through your tables of seven or else you'd
be so freaked out right now.
No, he did.
You wouldn't be calling.
He did.
You would...
Well, I have.
And I taught it to my children, each and every one of it.
I read your website and it's really striking how this fellow, this caller has been pursued
by the most incredible waterfall of synchronicity for his, like his whole life.
You're saying that synchronicity began cascading and you're trying to, you're trying to say
that...
You've met people who see 23s everywhere.
Princess Wiardo is in there.
I heard that.
William Burroughs.
Right.
And well, and if you look for...
For a number, then it becomes magical and pops up all the time.
As I have, as I have stated.
Have you ever studied besides, I know you said you've, you've done cut up work with
Bill Burroughs in the backyard there and also at the shopping barn, I think it was.
But have you ever read the words...
I told you before, I'm in Lawrence.
I'm in Lawrence, Kansas.
I'm in Lawrence, Kansas right now.
You're, you're talking with a man himself, are you?
Anyway, how about William, I mean, Edgar Rice Burroughs?
He saw things we never...
Never saw before and he didn't need to take heroin in his nostril, Ryan.
I really...
I really...
I really...
I really...
I really...
I really...

To each one of my eyelids
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did
Price it and get fucked up
Worse than my life is
My brain's dead weight
I'm trying to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which spice
Girl, I wanna win pregnant
And Dr. Dre said
You ever say that you a bass head?
To watch your face red
Man, you wasted
Well, on day 12
I felt like I'm someone else
Cause I hung my original self
From the top bar with a belt
Got pills off
And ripped Ham and the Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard
I knocked her clothes backwards
Like Chris Ford
I flew for fat down the grass
To fall on my ass faster than a fat bitch
Sat down so fast
Come here, sludge
Amy, wait a minute
That's my girl, dawg
I don't give a fuck
God sent me to piss the world off
Hi, my name is
What?
My name is
Who?
My name is
The Funk Soul Rubber
Hi, my name is
Huh?
My name is
What?
My name is
The Funk Soul Rubber
Right about now
What?
The Funk Soul Rubber
Check it out now
Who?
The Funk Soul Rubber
Right about now
Huh?
The Funk Soul Rubber
Check it out now
What?
The Funk Soul Rubber
Stop the tape
This kid needs to be locked away
Get it
Dr. Dre
Don't just stand there
Operate
I'm not ready to leave
It's scary to die
I'll have to be carried inside
The cemetery and buried alive
Am I coming or going?
I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka
Dare me to drive?
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years
My palms are too hairy to hide
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
I spit when I talk
I fuck anything I want
Dainty walks
When I was little I used to get so hungry
I would throw fists
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom?
You ain't got no tits
I lay awake and strap myself into bed
With a bulletproof vest on
Shoot myself in the head
Bang
I'm a demon mad
By the way
When you see my dad
Yeah
Tell him that I slit his throat
In the dream I had
Hi
My name is
What?
My name is
Who?
My name is
The Funk Soul Rubber
Nostradamus forecast that Armageddon would come in the 20th century
The days in which we live
Born and hailed a little green bastard
Hey, hey look up in the sky
So what Ozzy, it's just a rainbow
It's a magic rainbow
Dad, that was not an animal
Okay, I know what it feels like when a man caresses my legs
You do?
Whether or not I like someone doesn't depend on what kind of genitals they have
The most interesting fact is that I'm a man
And one of a few sounds like that we've found
These killings occur during sexual intercourse
My theory is that these creatures
Aliens feed on people
Redo other creatures
That they need for sustenance
A substance similar to opiates
Heroin is an opiate
So this one can hear for it
We've found something better
That substance is produced in the brain to ing elevated the orgasm
And is similar in chemical structure to opiates
Eric, I told you those books work
They're real
It might not be a good idea to use words like that
from them. We don't even know what they say. For all we know, you could be reading Latin
insults about our mothers. Dr. Hughes called you and told you that the tumor on her neck
is deadly a fetus. Just assume for a moment, sir, that this woman is a young woman? Yeah,
a young woman. Just assume that she has a problem. Now assume also this problem has
to do with Indian magic. Oh, my God, son, you do have one hell of a problem. That doesn't
look like me at all. If you were turned inside out, that's the way you'd look. I married
a monster from outer space. A space goddess from planet X who can take the form of whatever
you want her to be. And you notice in my case, she looks like Princess Wiardo. That is true,
but I have seen her gone through her transformation before. When she gets excited or, you know,
uh, excited, she will...
She'll go through this whole... She'll become everything she has ever been. Well, I noticed
since they did remove multiple... She'll be every species that she ever was throughout
many lifetimes. Throughout many mutations, throughout evolution. I noticed that... I
dig it, man. You enjoy each little evolutionary quirk along the way. You go take little trips
in time like we tonight. I think we're going back to Neanderthal times or the... No, no,
you can't control it. Then it would be kind of perverted, you know? Yeah, it would be
real perverted. You'd have a love slave from all... That's why it's natural. That's just

how it is. You're like... Different times and all the... It's like whatever you get,
you know? And you... I see. It's like a random sort of spin of the... Sometimes they're not
what one would call beautiful. No. Like a pile of random pills, Dave. Always. Each one
with some sort of secret power imbued in each one, wouldn't you say? Or don't you think?
Yeah, sure. There's another one. What about the rank and file, Jerry? What are they going
to do now that the world's led us up and down and up and down and up and in and out and
in and out?
I don't believe in UFOs, but if they do exist, then we're trapped in one right now.
Does she have any roommates? Yes, she's got two. She's got two beautiful roommates with
big boobs. Do they like ice cream? There are two or three hundred giant shoes out there.
Monsters weighing between 50 and 100 pounds. This it was given me to know that many worlds
have been inside.
人類 quarter two is a scenario where a humanスき第一個 Начали житься
в this one с translator
Did the Crocodile kill your husband Yes. But it, it was all, it was a mistake.
A mistake.
Mol votre ré permits de créer une Nixon dont vous détruire une jeuneive a celle
そして оставив е l' найти seconde spider qui بعد pour pouvoirvs l'ar сама
ou autre Here on top?
Unsurpring tomb.
Oh Partitioning for?
Yes sir This would produce long там
illustrate the narrowing down of all religions to one conclusion.
Top hold of that.
The more I read in scientific papers, the more confused I become between what I was taught as a Hindu
and what I have since learned as a physicist.
But if spiritual and scientific values combine, then there is new hope. The Dark Age is over.
I foresee the world plunge into chaos and torment far beyond anything previously experienced by mankind.
I'm afraid it will be science that time.
It's much easier to run a hospital with all the patients sleeping.
The easiest way to run the world, for that matter.
Well, for a start, I'm going to sit here and get smart.

I've smashed out of my mind.
And I also have it on very good authority that the world is coming to an end.
So I thought I'd go home and watch it on television.
Typical.
Yes, typical.
And suddenly...
Suddenly.
Suddenly...
Everything is beautiful.
The sunlight part of the clouds...
Look, just a spaceship made of light.
The clouds form...
And a silvery staircase...
Begins forming little shapes of bluebirds...
And descending...
And descending...



I see the staircase...
The beautiful space princess...
He cards...


Swallows...
With great big helmet horns.
...thoraxes ordnance...
Great big helmet horns...
That they could not swallow indeed, but they...
Gave it their best try.
Ah...
And there was...
Grandmother...
Oh!
Home, rest of the family...
God had kept going.
Geneva, a rainbow...
So this is the other side.
The pot is on its ghost...
So this is what Bob meant by ever thing?
Never mind, the world will come to an end.
The world will come to an end.

Yes, that's right.
So this is...
I guess it's heaven.
With my space princess, I have everything I need.
And my Dave as a tool.
But don't worry, in heaven, everything's fine.
Why, this is the most touching picture I've ever seen, sir.
Ghostly theremin.
Connie is topless, floating on a cloud, playing the ghostly theremin.
I feel a throbbing down in my lower region.
I feel my knees getting weak.
I wasn't much good for this kind of thing, son.
I didn't think I'd have to meet up with her again.
I didn't think I'd have to see that face again.
Didn't think you'd make it to heaven.
But God came through for you, Dave.
Heaven Reaching.
What is the law?
Not too endlessly.
In some.
law that is the law are we not dead
oh i'm sorry i was no i i would expect you to respond but i mean you know like if i'm being
if i'm saying something that has as much importance as what i just said including
all the non-non-sequiturs that i previously re-uttered and you know you can at least
respect me by disrespecting me a little bit hey it's in the can dude it's okay it's it's in the
can granted it's already gone down as we say in uh it's a service problems it's already nothing
left to do now but wipe it up wipe up your wisdom dave and don't forget to tweak those nipples a
little bit and we're not talking about the pots and pans on your board we're talking about the
ones here at the beautiful studios we call home where nipple tweaking studios wcsb 89.3 fm
oh that's right i feel like i don't
believe i let my listeners down tonight but myself and i think it's my own fault for
consuming so many heavy sedatives earlier this afternoon when i was confronted by the police
and forced to you know is that why you're just hanging out of your pants like that
yeah i mean i'm just you probably did you had you noticed that you haven't not only did you not zip
up the last time you yeah number one number one you you didn't even tuck back in okay
do me a favor and like you know like when you get to my level you're beyond numbers man you know
what i'm saying do you think einstein was like into this like little kid math stuff you know
like number one are you going number two and stuff girls dave dave you know dave quit measuring in
inches he measures in numbers of giga giga um yeah and did you ever
is it okay people don't think about that because like what if people were
starting to think about that and they're like oh my god i'm not gonna do that i'm not gonna do that
you know like using the tv for the blind as a way of thinking about people's organs they couldn't see
now why stimulate their imagination in such a um it's such a not what's the word in such a
crass disgusting way why not have them think of the interior scapes of our brains itself
the little passages and cranial nooks and crannies the little convolutions that we call home
the little rivers that flow and ebb through our head head why can't you climb in there
you want me to get inside the dave brain look man you know i have enough trouble uh
excavating my way through the clogged tunnels and mine and you know i just can't even i don't
even want to imagine you wouldn't want your imagination with a pick and forceps or uh
you wouldn't let's just say you wouldn't want to stay there too long it might the
place is too far away from you you wouldn't want to stay there too long it might the place is too far away from you
begin to enclose itself on you it might begin to be a little too stiff for you
because i personally think my brain is literally turned to cardboard
as you know that's the the viscous viscous experience i'm getting out of it i thought
that say for instance tonight would be a wild streak of abandonment that there would be like
so many sparks near we'd probably catch fire that a thousand a multitude of of erudite colors
would be able to catch fire and i think that's the thing that's the thing that's the thing that's
the thing that's the thing that's going to make the instead of like a contractor
going to need a the wind causing
going to need a the wind causing or a hoorier meet there's already
Daar sas inlg сui
elec



시
and feel the experience yourself.
Well, you're not in a little tube.
You're in a rock and roll hall in the late 50s
somewhere in Oklahoma.
Billy Bob's quags.
A young guitar picker with no teeth.
But no eyebrows either.
Are you?
Propane fire.
That was cruel.
That's another story.
Getting ready to tune that old six-string running.
Strive to find stage in that Paris.
Two fat Levi's begin wailing and whimpering like a whipped dog.
Female millions.
Doris and Betty.
Nurse Betty.
She's still the most treading even if his time's changed.
They're going to begin flagellating themselves
once they see Billy Bob going to his thing.
And the more he dances,
the more those hot jumbo rhythms are going to drive those girls crazy.
They're going to take him out after a gig in the back of a parking lot.
Whip him with a baseball hat.
Maybe make him do the frog.
It's a dead man's party, all right?
But first,
are you experienced?
Yes.
Have you ever been?
What I want to know is
your rim.
And now it's time for
all of us here at Popo Central
to bring down the lights,
pull up our hair,
rock back a soft swig
in the back of our trunks,
a song going out to mom,
and all the kids that get to be born on this planet or any other planet,
and all the little pieces of things that never came and went,
that we never really quite, never...
We can feel it.
Ah, yes.
Dear friends.
It's stillborn.
It's a stillborn thing.
And you're still listening to WWW.
Now I need to point by your family.
I just tried to say goodbye in the best, worst possible way.
You know, the only way to really say goodbye is to destroy the planet on X day.
That's how I want to say goodbye to everybody.
What wise words.
Oh, and speaking of which, the big party that the Church of the Subgenius throws
will be held after the world ends this time aboard the escape vessels.
First we'll throw the election and then we'll throw a party.
Yeah.
Well, we'll throw...
And then we'll throw lunch.
We'll throw the planet into the wastebasket.
And then we'll throw the planet into the wastebasket of the cosmos
and be off on our own homemade ships, dear friends.
Ah, yes.
Well, good night from everyone here at the General Office of...
Star...
Sorry.
But no, dear friends, General Office of...
Why do you want to be normal?
Why do you want to be normal?
The rupture is upon us, dear friends.
That fateful day, July 5th, 1998.
X days are coming.
And the peaks are coming.
X days are coming.
And the peaks are coming.
X days are coming.

Ah!
Yes, dear friends.
Bill T. Miller at BillTMiller.com with X days are coming.
And before that, friends, well, half of this show has been ESO Swamp Radio,
a Chaz Smith show on WCSB Cleveland with lonesome cowboy David
and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Before that, many of the movie clip cut-ups that we've been hearing
are copped by Reverend Newmoney.
Copped by me from Alt Binary Slack, the news group.
And friends, we heard a cut-up of Eminem itself by Fatboy Slim.
And a cut-up of a cut-up by I.M.B.J.R.
And we heard More Human Than Human by White Zombie.
Torgo Worship Bob by, I don't know, push the button, I don't know.
Puto, the song in Spanish, was by Molotov.
And we heard many early subgenius clips of myself and Pope David Meyer
and Buck Naked and so forth from ancient subgenius media barrage number 12,
CD, now available, with some puzzling evidence and Dr. Howlett.
If you want to know the score itself, it is at, got that pencil ready,
www.subgenius.com
or...
Bob is at Post Office Box 140306.
That's Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
I'm Stang at subgenius.com.
And now, with this Frank Marino music in the background,
now from the Tampa, Florida,
Subgenius Tension.
A show revival sponsored by the Queers for Bob, my friends.
Here's the great subgenius preacher with a sermon for you live.
Papa Joe Mama.
Ah, yes.
Hello, friends.
Where I come from, you don't go to war by extending the hand of friendship.
Yeah.
So, if you don't mind, tonight I will present what I will refer to as an alternative view.
A little ditty I call the excess men.
The excess men.
Because Ivan is certainly not the only one who promotes a little bit of acceptance on the other side.
We've seen a lot of this lately and we're going to see a lot more.
Because as we've observed many times before, the closer Judgment Day gets,
the more desperate Hollywood becomes in producing pro-conspiracy propaganda.
I'm sure most of you have seen their latest effort in this regard.
The blockbuster movie disguised as a superhero film, but really about superior mutants.
Whoo!
I refer, of course, to X-Men the movie.
Ah!
Best ever show of hands.
How many people have seen it?
Excellent.
This mainstream teenage target audience action adventure film is in fact the most insidious
and evil anti-subgenius production ever made.
It's subtext.
And I do mean subtext.
It's dripping with hatred and spite directed at us and everything Bob Dobbs stands for.
It's messing with the world.


The message is simple.
Be a good little subgenius and betray your fellow mutants and help protect the normals.
For those of you who haven't seen it yet, the plot boils down to this.
In the very near future, a very small percentage of people are born superior mutants
with special powers that the normals do not possess.
Sound familiar?
The government, read conspiracy, decides to register and segregate the mutants, i.e.
subgeniuses, from the rest of the peak population.
Now one super mutant named Magneto, who also happens to be the survivor of a little difficult
time that many of us refer to as Hitler's Holocaust, says screw this crap.
I must move closer.
I'm not going to let these puny little pigs push us around, treat us like cattle, and force
us into slaved labor camps.
Hell no!
We're going to fight this system.
We're going to unite other mutants and we're going to do unto them as they would do unto
us!!
Do I hear a fringe-bob?
FRANCE-Bob!
Oh!
Only we're not going to feeling fart around.
We're going to cut straight to the chase and we're going to put these badgers straight
out of their misery!
BADGER!
Now, if the film had continued on that track, it could have been one of Hollywood's finest
films.
But no.
No!
Like with everything else, the conspiracy's tentacles had to slither into the mess and
muck it all up.
So what do we have now?
Instead of having a small minority of subgenius mutants rising up like a phoenix, combining
their secret powers and blasting humanity off the face of the planet, instead the movie
suddenly shifts from a prophecy picture into outright propaganda and a feel-good, let's
all get along story.
Get a load of this.
The humans actually win!
And the mutants actually win!





I mean, is that bullshit or what?
Bullshit!
Bullshit!
And how does this blasphemous outcome actually occur, dear friends?
Why the only way it could, by having half the mutants sell out their brother and actually
fight to protect the humans.
How did you see the mutants?
Blasphemy!
Traitor!
Traitor!
Oh.
Bastard!
Oh, this is the best part.



In true Hollywood form, these mutant traitors are depicted as the heroes of the film!
They're even the namesake of the film.
The illustrious X-Men.
Which I guess is supposed to have something to do with the X-Sis or something.
I don't know.
Now, I can guess what some of you out there are thinking.
You're probably thinking to yourself, chill out, Papa Joe.
It's just a movie.
Ha ha!
Oh.
Oh.
But I must disagree, dear friends.
I must disagree.
It is not just a movie!
It's an entire series of comic books!
And who are those comic books directed towards, friends?
Yeah!
Kids and children.
You're damn fucking right.
And you want to know why?
Because the conspiracy knows, just as Hitler did, that if you brainwash the children, you
brainwash the next generation of parents, my friends.
And I'm not saying that's a good thing.
So now you're probably out there thinking, oh, okay, so what?
You know, comic books.
It's still a fantasy.
I mean, it's never going to happen in real life.
Once again, I must kindly, but in a firm voice, disagree.
It is not just a fantasy film that will never happen in real life, dear friends.
It is the reality that has already happened.
For I would submit the following.
I suspect it is the main reason that 1998 came into the picture.
And so,
I would make another comparison between a normal US existence and a:] satan from
Johannesburg's
thousand years of español.
You know, for me?

It is...
Anyway!
Meanwhile, the conspiracy thrives and multiplies all around us as we bicker and feud.
And it's all because of disagreement and division.
Now me, I say it's time to poop or get off the potty, friends.
If we're ever going to see the end times in this millennium or the new age,
we're going to have to unite on a common plan
and decide if we're going to fight one another or help one another fight the conspiracy.
Go ahead and praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Now me, I know what side I'm on.
I'm a Magneto man, okay?
And I urge you to be the same.
The future of humanity is in our hands, our fists.
You can either join us on our crusade to vanquish the normals
or you can help them do their best to destroy us instead.
Either way, it's time to choose sides.
Or else, I fear, this nightmarish movie that some of us call life
may become more like that horrible, disgusting, unbearable Disney flick called The NeverEnding Story.
And I know none of us want that to happen.
So let us come together tonight, dear friends,
and dedicate ourselves to making a new movie.
A sequel to X-Men.
Only our movie will be more of a documentary.
And the title will be a little different.
We'll call it X-Humanity.
And it'll be coming soon to a planet near you.
Only this time, it'll be rated X for extermination.
Yeah!
Action!
And breath!
Bar!
Amen!
Yeah!
We love you, Papa Joe!
I love you too, Papa Joe Mama!
Well, I'm about to stop breathing here for a few short minutes.
It's something we'd like to have everyone become involved with.
Your breathing can be a very, very painful, messy thing.
If you want to learn real relaxation,
you have to just let all thoughts of continuance
and disturbed physical life on Earth as we know it
just drift, drift away like those soggy things
and the bathing suits you leave behind
at the very bad, bad beach party.
Maybe one where someone was toying with the explosives.
Once you've stopped breathing,
you can really, really begin relaxing in the longer...
