Finally tonight, have you ever wondered about your neighbors?
Maybe wondered about the weird thumps and bumps or chants emanating from their apartment?
Well, they may be followers of Bob.
Now, I wanted to drive.
And I said, man, we're in hell.
And he says, yeah, ain't it groovy?
He just took the gun to his head and bang.
He went back and got the razor blade and closed my eyes and sliced.
The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station.
That's right.
And only in the city of...
Right here.
Oh, it feels good.
I never had an overreach experience.
Are you suffering from inflammation?
Hello?
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
I just kind of took more acid.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius hour of slack.
What?
What is up?
We were brought up on your TV.
I love you.
You live within the womb of a technological society.
The powers of a god.
Will you just calm down? There's got to be a logical explanation for this.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Only, only a little bit more minute.
Your time for 묠 sharpening is


Well, you will.
All I have here are
lo�트 storms and






emission videos.
You have been guide amount
wipe scribe month ago.
hour of slack where some tape decks only have one channel and some have two yeah
there ain't nothing i can do or nothing i can say
that folks don't criticize me but i'm going to do just as i want to anyway
and don't care just what people say
if i should
take the notion to jump into the ocean ain't nobody's business if i do
if i go to church on sunday then cabaret all day monday
ain't no
body's business if i do
if my man ain't got no money and i say take all of mine honey
ain't nobody's business if i do
if i go to church on sunday then cabaret all day monday
give him my last nickel
and it leaves me in a pickle
ain't nobody's business
if i do
well i'd rather my man would hit me
than for him to jump up and quit me
ain't nobody's business if i do
i swear i won't call no copper
if i'm beat up by my papa
ain't nobody's business if i do
you
nobody's business
ain't nobody's business
nobody's business if i do
uh yes you could almost call that the subgenius theme song
uh tonight
uh
uh
uh
billy holiday they're doing ain't nobody's business if i do and
well sure as hell i just uh stay tuned here
dear friends and partners you may learn something
new about the church of the subgenius although i must
admit i learned something new about the other churches
i've got this little news this was in the news just yesterday
from a trusting the

yesterday from uh steel netherlands a natural disaster ended a prayer marathon yes a natural
disaster ended almost a century of continuous prayer by the quote pink sisters unquote that's preserved by the quote pink sisters unquote that's pink sister stera friend and i'm not making any of this up at
at their convent in this southern Dutch village.
Since the Roman Catholic convent was founded in 1896,
at least one pink-habited nun from the Order of Servants of the Holy Ghost of Everlasting Devotion
was always in the convent chapel praying.
But Christmas night, floodwaters swept through Limburg province
and cut the heat and lights in the convent and forced the 40 nuns to evacuate to another convent.
You don't easily give up such a tradition, Mother Superior Maria Adjutrix told the newspaper Dagblad Vir Nord Limburg.
But when we sat for some time without electricity and heating, we decided to go to a nearby convent.
Ah, yes, well, the Pink Sisters.
Hundred years of non-stop praying stopped by an act of God.
However, in other godly news, former Vice President Dan Quayle in Lancaster, California,
received a standing ovation at a Baptist church after telling churchgoers that America is a religious nation.
Yes.
Yes.
You won't believe.
I love this.
Dan Quayle said, quote,
Government is to protect religion from government.
It is not to protect government from religion.
Mr. Quayle said Sunday as he helped dedicate the new $3.3 million Lancaster Baptist Church,
he warned that conservative Christians face bigotry.
Well, that's true.
In some cases they do.
And I ain't exactly feeling sorry for them.
Because they also face silent support from all the mainstream Christian yo-yos
who don't seem to care if those fanatics drag the behavior of their God through the mud.
But in the meantime, we here have an alternative.
A swinging alternative, friends.
As you can tell by this swing.
Swingin', swingin' music.
Let's just lean back and have a nice relaxing show, shall we?
Look at the picture.
See the skull.
The part of bone removed.
The master race Frankenstein radio controls.
The brain thoughts broadcasting radio.
The eyesight television.
The Frankenstein earphone radio.
The threshold brainwash radio.
The latest new skull reforming to contain all Frankenstein.
Frankenstein controls.
Even in thin skulls of white pedigree males.
Visible Frankenstein controls.
The synthetic nerve radio directional antenna loop.
Make copies for yourself.
There is no escape from this worse gangster police state.
Using all of the deadly gangster Frankenstein controls.
In this little pamphlet you've given me, it says,
repent, quit your job, and slack off.
The world ends tomorrow, and you may die.
Is this your message to the world?
Those are sort of mind-catching slogans.
This is a church that does...
We do this particular sick mind-control cult
does give you back your mind after we're through with it.
When somebody needs to be killed,
you do it.
Oh, hello.
I'm Dr. Howell of the Church of the Subgenius.
I suppose many of you,
even at this late date,
are somewhat confused and maybe a bit bothered
about just what are a subgenius anyway.
Okay, I'm Reverend Sterno Docks.
I front one of the official heretical offshoots
of the Church of the Subgenius,
the bleeding head of the World Cup Golfer Launcher Society.
And we encourage schismatics to join up.
We hope in our indoctrination centers
in Dobstown, Malaysia, to inculcate
a sort of sub-knowledge which will allow
even our most illiterate backward po-bucker initiate to...
bleep at it intuitively.
Take the leaper's face in the dark
and not fall down the stairs and shatter the milk bottle.
Oh.
Hallelujah, take place, Lord!
Your standard religious rip-off, right?
Distractedly before injecting their helpless victims
with large phallic syringes.
In 1965, CIA gangster police beat me bloody,
dragged me in chains from Kennedy, New York, Airport,


since then I hide in forced jobless poverty, isolated, alone...
Are y'all out to put down outrageous cult groups?
What does this mean?
No, no, this is an outrageous cult group.
But can anybody take this stuff seriously?
When you first look at it, some people go,
oh, I get it, this is a takeoff on weird cults
and conspiracies and kooks in general.
Then they look a little bit deeper,
and if they're really an attuned sort of cult,

then they realize, oh, I get it,
this really is a weird cult with cosmic wisdom and dogma
that I've been needing all my life.
So, friends, grab the reins of this runaway stagecoach
and get back on the path to slacktown.
The lifestyle you save may be your own.
Whoo!
Whoo!
Oh, let's hear some more from that right, rigid Reverend Mike.
Slactivism.
It's a word that we've just come across.
Dear friends, slacktivism means you gotta work for your slack.
You gotta fight some long, hard battles for your precious slack.
You can't just sit on your butt.
You gotta be prepared to break ties
with the people that can't maintain slack.
Slack is freedom, but you gotta fight for it.
You gotta fight to keep it.
Slack is lifestyle, a philosophy, a state of mind.
To paraphrase Kris Kristofferson's Me and Bobby McGee,
the last and greatest song recorded by the immortal Janis Joplin,
a true incarnation of Connie Dobbs,
slack is just another word for nothing less than slack.
There's nothing left to lose, and nothing ain't worth nothing,
but it's $20.
Send it in.
The long, bumpy road to slack is paved with all the normals
and all the normal institutions
and all the normals that should be in institutions
and all the normal philosophies that want to control you.
Control.
It's the control freaks,
the moralist control freaks,
the crusading control freaks you gotta watch out for.
Question authority.
Slack is not just goofing off,
although goofing off might be the ultimate form of slack,
but slack has gotta be taking responsibility for your irresponsibility.
You gotta be experiencing the joyous, creative anarchy
of your own life.
You gotta revel in some chaos.
You gotta revel in some chaos creatively.
You gotta rebel against your normality.
Slack does imply some guidelines for life.
Mainly, firstly, send in your damn $20.
Write the check.
Secondly, rid your life of everything that is in the way of slack.
Thirdly, cultivate the highest form of slack.
Make it a living art form.
Make your life a work of high weirdness.
A life of slack performance art.
Fourthly, help others to fill their lives with slack.
But don't fall into that trap of proselytizing missionary eyes
and don't ever force anyone to do anything,
to think anything,
to think anything.
If they can't take a joke,
don't bother telling them a joke.
Get on with your own life.
Get on with your own slackitude.
Occasionally, your approach might have to become overt and public.
You might have to wage some nasty public battles
when the normals and their ever-present institutions of control
begin aggressively robbing entire groups of people
of most of their slack,
such as we find today in Cobb County, Georgia.
Thus is born slacktivism.
Anal retentiveness.
It's the motivation of the control freaks.
Have you ever noticed that the most anal retentive person
in any organization is the person who is in charge of that organization?
Have you ever noticed that anal people seek high-level control?
They seek higher and higher levels of status, power, responsibility, influence,
bigger and better work details for more and more people.
They say they want more money, but they don't.
Because as soon as they get more money,
that's the very next thing they want.
Still more money.
It's a power trip.
An ego trip.
A control freak addiction.
Bigger and better work details for more and more people.
Gotta wear those uniforms.
Gotta wear those ties and tight collars.
Gotta wear those tight shoes.
Gotta wear those high-heeled shoes and pantyhose.
Hold yourself in.
Suck in that gut.
Clench that anus.
Hold that sphincter.
Hold that sphincter muscle tight.
Don't let anything out.
Play the game until you die.
More and more toys.
Bigger and more expensive.
Cars, houses, electronics, furniture.
More and more junk.
More power.
More power.
Higher.
Higher.
Higher.
More status.
More status.
Bigger and better work details for more and more people.
The one who dies with most toys wins the game.
Suck in that gut.
Clench that anus.
Hold that sphincter.
Tighter.
Tighter.
Tighter.
Higher.
Higher.
Higher.
Bigger.
Bigger.
Bigger.
More.
More.
More.
More.
More.
Really bitchin'.
Really, really bitchin' threads on a fast red car.
No.
Too.
Too fast red.
Super expensive cars.
Now.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Faster.
Faster.
Faster.
More power.
More power.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Consume like a son of a bitch.
Eat everything in sight.
You're gonna explode you bastard.
Maybe then and only then you'll know the meaning of slack.
Slack.
Slack to the future.
Subgenius talent should not be wasted.
Subgenius talent should not be spent in slavery to the pink boys of the multi-million.
Subgenius development should not be wasted in a society national, normal corporation.
Subgeniusity should never be allowed to languish in inactivity.
Slack to nature, slack to visum.
Build a new world devoted to slack.
Oh brave new worlds that have such slack in them.
Subgenius space colonies dotting the inner and outer solar system.
Millions of orbiting mini worlds devoted to nothing.
To the last.



















but slack to meet, commune, and merge
with the coming race of super slack-tating saucermen.
A universe of slack.
You know, Susie, I gotta say,
you are listening to WREK Atlanta.
Well, I know you. You were.
If you were there.
Still dies anyway.
I think we need to hear from a fellow mutant here.
Ms. Marvel, who's kind of a...
No, we're not going to hear from Ms. Marvel,
but we did just hear from Reverend Mike Rolfone
doing that slack.
Slack-tivism rant there,
previously, originally broadcast at WREK Atlanta
on the subgenius show with Reverend Susie the Floozy.
Ah, yes, and praise Reverend Mike Rolfone.
He sounds a little bit like Reverend Orton Nenslow
in that one there towards the end.
But in the meantime...
I'm...
I'm...
, I'm...

I'm...
I'm...



I look outside my window, what do I see?
I see a nation's life, which is story and tragedy.
A world void of dissonance.
You see villains, priests, politicians.
Evil men and evil women who claim to speak the word of God.
Evil men and evil women who claim to speak the word of God.
I see all the words your leaders are saying.
I see the boss and rhetoric keep them in line.
I see the boss and rhetoric keep them in line.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Well, that's why.
The brazen, deadly gangster police
that spray me with poison nerve gas
from automobile exhausts and even lawnmowers.
Deadly assaults even in my yard with knives,
even bricks and stones,
even deadly-touched Tabin or electric shock flashlights,
even remote, electronically-controlled,
around-corners projection of deadly-touched tarantula spiders,
or even bloody murder accidents
to shut me up forever with a sneak, undetectable extermination
even with trained parroting puppet assassins
in maximum security insanity prison
for writing these unforgivable truths
until my undetectable extermination,
I, Francis E. Deck Esquire,
29 Maple Avenue, Hempstead, New York,
I stand alone against your mad, deadly,
worldwide, conspiratorial, gangster, computer god communism
with wall-to-wall deadly gangster protection,
lifelong sworn conspirators,
conspirators, murder, incorporated organized crime,
the police and judges,
the deadly, sneak-parroting puppet gangsters
using all the gangster-deadly Frankenstein controls,
these hangman-rope, sneak-deadly gangsters,
the judges and the police,
trick, trap, rob, wreck, butcher,
and murder the people that keep them terrorized
in gangster Frankenstein earphone radio slavery
for the communist gangster government
and con-artist, parroting puppet gangster,
playboy scum on top.
You can't stand the heat, you better stay out of the kitchen.
High priests of the unpredictable.
Bob, unlike other gurus,
doesn't demand that you believe in him all the time.
In fact, he pushes the idea of short-duration personal saviors.
You should have your own church.
You should make up your own church, ultimately.
Those who stay,
and subgenius,
and cling to it like Trekkies do to Star Trek,
are not really subgeniuses.
Those people are, unfortunately, humans.
Amen.
Yes, each individual has his own church,
each house, a kingdom,
each yard, a nuclear territory
to be defended to the point of total war.
And subgeniuses are not joiners.
They don't...
generally hate one another
almost as much as they hate everybody else.
From then on, there's no stopping the bomb
as it spreads from town to town.
Oh, speaking of hate,
I've got just the perfect thing to play right there.
This is the steriles.
Reverend Susie the Floozy found this.
This is her anthem on the rag.
I'm on the rag
Get me a Kotex
How about a pamperin'?
I hate men
I'm on the rag
I'm on the rag
I'm swollen like a pig


Get me a pamperin'
My boobs hurt
I'm on the rag
I'm on the rag
Get me a Kotex
I'm on the rag
I hate you
I hate me
So I'm on the rag!
I'm on the rag!
I'm on the rag!
Get me a Kotex!
I'm on the rag!
I'm on the rag!
I hate you!
I hate me!
So I'm on the rag!
I'm on the rag!
I hate men!
Don't even think of me.






I can't think of it tonight.
Of course I'd be wearing white.
I'm on the rack!
I'm on the rack!
Get me a coattie!
I'm on the rack!
I hate you! I hate this!
I'm on the rack!
I'm on the rack!
I'm on the rack.
Get me ainalett central!
I'm on the rack!
I hate you! I hate me!
I'm on the rack!
I'm on the rack!
I'm on the rack.
Get me a pamphlet!
I'm on the rack,
I hate you, I hate me, I'm on the run
I'm on the run
Get me a cup of tea
I'm on the run
I hate you, I hate me, I'm on the run
And I can go horseback riding and swimming
And even put it in my sock
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Dragging your butt through the pain
Yeah, that's a good question, I've heard that part before
Yeah, yeah, yeah, in fact I'm afraid it comes up again during the show
Well, on the rag there, OTR by the Sterils
Thanks to Reverend Susie
And I should mention, by the way, that the Media Barrage material that I'm playing tonight
As we always play Media Barrage material in this case
Is largely coming off of a videotape done by a Danish subgenius
Yes, a videotape produced partially for Danish television apparently
By Reverend Sven Kristensen
Which I finally saw that tape
This week

This weekend for the first time
And it's amazing
It's a beautiful and horrible example of subgenius barrage editing on videotape
With good equipment
And I wish you all could see it
But apparently you can't
It was hard enough for me to see it
Because it was all
So good to hear a little bit of that old piece of
That's such a traditional piece of subgenius hymn music
Hirosaki there by D.K. Jones
And now back to the pain
Bob saves those who save themselves, my friend
Listen, before we lose people completely
Can you explain exactly what the Church of Subgenius is?
Well, if I could explain exactly
It wouldn't be interesting to me
Anymore
The Church of the Subgenius is basically a religion for mutants, misfits, sinners, disbelievers
Or people who believe anything
And particularly for people with a really sick sense of humor
Well, thank you very much for joining us
Thank you
And John will be back with the news
Thank you very much for joining us





Thank you very much for joining us
And I'll see you guys next time
See you next time
Bye
Bye
Bye
Bye
Bye
Bye
Bye
















Bye

You are a terrorized member of the master race worldwide.
Four billion eyesight, television camera, guinea pig, communist gangster, computer god, master race.
You're living, thinking, mad, deadly, worldwide communist gangster, computer god, secret, overall plan.
Worldwide living death, Frankenstein, slavery.
To explore and control the entire universe with the endless stairway to the stars.
Namely, the man-made inside-out planets with nucleonic-powered speeds much faster than the speed of light.
Look up and see the gangster computer god-concocted new fake starry sky.
The worldwide completely controlled, deadly, degenerative climate and atmosphere
through the new world-round, translucent, exotic, gaseous envelope
which the worldwide communist gangster computer god manipulates
through countless exactly positioned satellites.
The new fake, phony stars.
In the synthetic sky.
October 1980.
James Hoskins took over this Cincinnati television station.
After making a newscaster his hostage in the parking lot.
They've got their magnums.
I've got my magnums. I'm ready. I'm loaded.
Let them come and
I'm trying to hold them together.
57 Queen City.
You're a hundred hours.
Berserk.
We do not have.
No time. Democracy. At this time.
What am I gonna do?
You may have power for another minute or so.
On this tape.
Is there any other point you want to make?
Gangster government eyesight. TV gangster spy cameras.
Computer god. New world order. Degeneration.
Waiting for police to attack.
He sat in the newscaster's chair and shot himself.
Looks great on TV, doesn't it?
Let them get on their knees, Lord, right now.
I know that we're in hell.
Dear Bob, my life has changed completely because of your ministry.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Dragging your butt through the day, selling body and soul to a bunch of bland normals?
Deadly ape Frankenstein machines, degenerative disease to eternal Frankenstein slavery.
Overall plan through one world communism.
Top secret code word.
It's J.R. Bob Dobbs, the living slack master in the church of the subgenius.
Bob brings a new destiny for the abnormal.
Bob comes to justify our sins.
Worldwide systematic instant plastic surgery, butchery murder,
fake aging.
So all people are dead or useless by age 70.
Done at night to you as a Frankenstein slave parroting puppet gangster slave.
Now, even you know I am a menace to your worldwide mad, deadly communist gangster computer god.
Therefore, I must go to extermination before I am exterminated by this gangster computer god,
concocted and controlled, worst mongrel, organized crime, murder incorporated gangster communist government.
It's us versus them.
Are you going to...
...try and hell on earth alongside the pink boys?
Or will you pull the wool over your own eyes and accept Bob into your mind?
...rool...
Church of the subgenius eternal salvation or triple your money back.
God cannot lie. It's impossible for God to lie.
It's troubles or woe.
I have no fear of death no more.
Since on the path of egg.
Great hurt is he that...
...with his own spirit then taketh a city for inward rulership is the mastery of the masters.
This too can be yours.
For those at the grassroots and those in doubt who just don't understand.
Let your ears hear these few words.
...to clear out the snow in the autumn.
...to cut the...
...the orca's...
Deixa impossible
reo
banter
trans zur
I never offered choices I did what I was told
I lived this way until the day I turned 21 years old
I found the keys in the ignition I found the thrill was sweet
Behind the wheel of an automobile In the driver's seat
At 80 miles an hour The car just seemed to float
And I sat back against the seat Tipping whiskey down my throat
On on and over the stead
Yeah....
Cause we all know where we're headed
Life's a one-way street
But you must decide
If you just wanna ride
Or live through in the driver's seat
Hey, I never saw him coming
I barely felt the shock
I dragged the broken bike behind me
Twice around the block
They never found the poor boy's body
Just some scraps of meat
But they found me
Where else would I be
Sitting in the driver's seat
You better get out
Of the kitchen
If you can't stand the heat
If you don't like it hot
Then you better not
Sit in the driver's seat
Mercy
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, oh, oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Sitting in the driver's seat
Yeah, yeah
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Sitting in the driver's seat
guitar solo
bass solo
guitar solo
bass solo
guitar solo
bass solo
bass solo
bass solo
head nd bass solo

bass solo
drums solo
bass solo
drums solo

bass solo
drums solo
bass solo
swinging love corpses right now dear friends
you just heard uh peter blagford in the driver's seat
from past normal
so we can have more slack
the devil has seduced america's young people by saying smoke this drink this swallow this
it'll give you a wild trip they'll give you a wild trip they'll give you a wild trip smoke
this drink this swallow this smok this drink this swallow this he'll give you a wild trip
the devil has seduced américa's young people but the devil has seduced america's young
people i'd rather have a drunk for a friend i'd
rather have a drunk
i'd rather have a drunk for a friend
a coordinate
a coordinator



Swallow this. Swallow this.
One thing he's gonna do is make a lot of you young people go in and out while I'm speaking,
and the devil might make you do it, but Bob's gonna sit you down
so you don't disturb the service tonight.
Because a lot of people came to hear me and not watch you running in and out of the building,
so you listen to what Bob's saying.
Ooh, hey!
Gonna gag.
Unless we, uh...
Let's have your finger.
Okay.
Ouch!
There.
That wasn't so bad.
Now, was it?
No, it only hurt a little, but it's...
Sure made me jump.
After the lab technician left, the nurse came in to get Matthew ready.
Hi, Matthew.
I have something for you.
Here's a little pill to take.
What's it for?
This pill is to make you feel nice and sleepy before we go upstairs.
I'm your mama, I'm your daddy, I'm that nigga in the alley.
I'm your doctor when you need, want some coke, have some weed.
You know me.
I'm your friend, your main boy.
Thick and thin.
I'm your pusher man.
Bob.
This is Bob.
Everybody know Bob?
Yes.
Okay.
Is Bob safe?
I hope so.
Yeah.
His head's bumping up and down.
I don't know if that's yes or I'm just scared, you know.
But you all pray for Bob because your neck is very important for...
for living and breathing and eating and things like this.
So, no, don't you look, Bob. You just pray.
Bob's in an attitude of prayer now.
He's probably closer to the Lord than he's ever been.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
But then, like an enormous billowing paper bag,
came the second.
back of Babylon by the Hittites, an Indo-European speaking people from Asia Minor.
Let us pause.
It's a little known fact that the great Egyptian civilization was founded by none other than
Ali Uke, the famous cartoon caveman, who, sent back in time by Dr. Wanmug's time machine,
led the first refugees from the defoliating Sahara region to the banks of the Nile River,
and founded, with his two performing lions, the first of the dynasties of the Egyptians.
Long before the pyramids were built, a high and flourishing civilization had effortlessly
evolved from the barbaric life of these primitive nomads.
Thank you.
Years later, Uke returned to visit the civilization he had founded, only to disappear once again
and return at a still further iteration to see the Sphinx being remade from his own face
to that of the reigning pharaoh.
That's me up there.
But Uke and the pharaoh fought a bitter battle.
And only after he had defeated the son of heaven was the caveman rushed upon by the
attendants.
Stop.


and guards of the Divine One. Fortunately, at that moment Dr. Juan Mug's time machine
scooped Oop up into the future, our path. Yes, these Oop antics occurred in 1947, our
human time. But far back to the ancient Egyptians, who know how they measured time? You know,
maybe it was when the sun was right overhead, that was noon. That was the way they did it.
And yet, a complicated mathematical system caused the pyramids to be erected. The vulgar
believe that the pyramids were created by Jule Brinner and Charlton Heston and the back-breaking
labor of slaves who grunted and sweated under a boiling sun to bear fartholes. And when
they might their quietus have made with a bear botkin, well, this is nothing but a tissue
of horseradish.
Mustaches drank beer and hung out like the guys everywhere.
Exactly. They weren't slaves. They had a
hell of a life.
They had a hell of a time building those things. Why, just think of how it would solve
unemployment problems in our own country.
Vacation.
We'll put the homeless to work building some giant classy marble pyramids which will
be around forever to impress all other civilizations.
Cool, man. Sure, I'll join up.
Yeah, we'll solve our problems right there. We don't need to invent new fancy schmancy
solutions. Just build some pyramids and obelisks and monuments and set up an acropolis. Get
everybody working on it. Don't use power tools. Hire more people and have them shift the stones
by hand. Like I said, we're not going to be able to do it. We're going to have to do it.
The







Like they did when great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great,
great, great, great, great, great, grand papa was a little boy. During the periclean age.
Yes, I remember it well. I may be older than Johnny Carson but I'm not that old. Oh yeah,
I guess I am that old. Because I remember it. And I may not be as old as Herb Gein
but I guess...
All right, all right, all right, um now.
Nobody took part in the protest.

Follow in your book and repeat after me.
Well, all right, then don't.
We've got to do a little lesson.
Gosh, I...
Go ahead, Hal.
I'm afraid the test was already given, but you can take a makeup test.
Well, I think you'd better.
Your makeup is not looking very good this evening.
Oh, thanks, Hal. I appreciate it.
We are slightly deficient in history, according to...
What? Okay, yeah.
What were we hearing?
Well, of course, that was Dr. Hal and puzzling evidence there
on the KPFA subgenius show in Berkeley.
And before that, we heard some butthole surfers
and a little bit of media barrage type of material that came off of a tape.
Actually, a lot of the music also came off of a tape
by our good friend Reverend Gary Blaine in Akron.
There, and even before that, some frapping music
by the Swingin' Love Corpses.
And, friends, you know, you can get more of the same.
Not that you'd necessarily be wanting it all that badly right now,
but you could.
Were you to simply write for free information
from this marvelous church of the subgenius.
I'll be giving that post office box in just a second here.
You know, you only have to address that...
That...
Request for free information.
That self-addressed stamped envelope to Bob.
Just address it to Bob.
And these few little numbers I've got coming up,
that's at post office box, right?
Bob at post office box 140306.
That's box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
That's box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
Zip code 75214.
So simple.
You could almost just write Bob 75214.
It'd probably make it here.
But just in case right in that box 14306...
75214...
How do I adapt this music?
As the world grows ever stranger
and our traditional values seem to lose their meaning,
thousands of Americans have rushed into the arms
of bizarre religious cults
to find a sense of spiritual security.
Shoot!
Some people go crazy at this point.
Perhaps the strangest of these cults
is a little known group called the Church of the Subgenius.
Tell that whore to get off the phone.
The first rule of the Church of the Subgenius is
the subgenius must have love!
Why must he have love?



Why must he have love?
Why must he have love?
It's a religious experience.
Dear son,
you ask my reaction to long hair or beards on young people.
Some great men have worn long hair and beards.
George Washington and Abraham Lincoln.
If to you long hair or a beard is a symbol of independence,
if you believe in your heart that the principles of this country,
our heritage,
is worthy of this display,
a display of pride,
that all men shall remain free,
that free men at all times will not inflict their personal limitations of achievement on others,
to demand your own rights as well as the rights of others,
and be willing to fight for this right,
you have my blessing.
You ask that I not judge you merely as a teenager,
to judge you on your own personal habits, abilities, and goals.
This is a fair request.
And I promise I will not judge any person only as a teenager.
If you will constantly remind yourself that some of my generation
judges people by their race, their belief, or the color of their skin,
and that this is no more right than saying all teenagers are drunken dope addicts or glue sniffers.
If you will judge every human being on his own individual potential,
I will do the same.
You ask me,
if God is dead.
This is a question each individual must answer within himself.
Could a warm summer day with all its brightness,
all its sound,
all its exhilarating breathiness,
just happen?
God is love.
Remember that God is a guide and not a storm trooper.
Realize that many of the past and present generation,
because of a well-intentioned but unjustifiable misconception,
have attempted to legislate morality.
This created part of the basis for your generation's need
to rebel against our society.
With this knowledge, perhaps your children will never ask,
is God dead?
I sometimes think much of mankind is attempting to work him to death.
It was simply a very bad situation.
The second war of the 15th century.

Yeah!
Too much!
It's always better than not enough!
Now, let me give you an example.
War!
Hey, baby,
das ist ein starker Verharr.
What a relief to everybody if videos could be edited at home.
Well, now you can.
Hmm, well, that sounds easy enough.
Let's get started.
There's too much data.
Gotta work out a gun.
Mental fatigue, what can you say?
I hand you the secrets to save the entire human race
and the entire universe.
Donate money or even a manual typewriter to me.
And then an edited tape with no boring bits.
It tends to put even the most polite guest to sleep.
Will you turn on your television set?
Well, I'll blind you!
Oh.
Then I dealt with it by taking drugs.
Now, Bob.
The face appeared, and it's Bob.
That's the Holy Spirit.
That's Bob.
He's kind of kind of Bob.
Bob's is all man.
The red-blooded he-man that every woman really wants.
I think his face says it all.
Each.
Dot.
Is a raging ideogram of lustfulness, which somehow manages to convey its message.
Those who are sexually troubled one way or another should not stare too strongly at this drawing.
Look with your closed eyes at your genitals.
And say to your genitals,
in your mind,
relax.
The Reverend Ivan Stang, who doesn't want his real name used to protect his wife and kids,
says he'll offer an immense cash prize to anyone who can prove that Bob Dobbs is just a piece of clip art.
Now.
You think I'm crazy, right?
Now, you've never seen the man himself, have you?
No, I managed to turn my face away in the nick of time.
My partner was not so lucky and is now hideously disfigured by the love,
the radioactive love and money that emanates from this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Bob serves the path of least resistance.
That's how Bob does it.
He follows the path of least resistance.
It's about eating the damn thing in the world.
And there's no reason you shouldn't be doing it, too.
Having your cake and eating it, too.
That's what this is all about.
All past wars have been dirty, unfair, immoral, bloody, and second-guessed.
However, history has shown most of them necessary.
If you doubt that our free enterprise system in the United States is worth protecting,
if you doubt the principles upon which this country was founded,
that we remain free to choose our religion, our individual endeavors, our method of government,
if you doubt that each free individual in this great country should reap awards commensurate only with his own efforts,
then it's doubtful you believe in the world.
You belong here.
If you doubt that people to govern us should be selected by their desire to allow us to strive for any goal we feel capable of attaining,
then it's doubtful you should participate in their selection.
If you are not grateful to a country that gave your father the opportunity to work for his family,
to give you the things you have,
and you do not feel pride enough to fight for your right to continue in this manner,
then I assume the blame.
For your failure to recognize the true value of our birthright.
And I would remind you that your mother will love you no matter what you do,
because she is a woman.
Jesus Christ! What are you crazy out there?
I'm a sinner, Lord.
He can sell you anything, and I bought it.
Then this guy wants to .
I said, yeah, all right.
You want to lay it right over there by the graveyard so you won't have too far to fall.
Charles Manson is one of the greatest philosophers of our age.
That you do.
I trust the only person left to trust.
Me.
Get off the air!
