Do not stand at my grave and weep.
I am not there.
I do not sleep.
I am a thousand winds that blow.
I am the diamond glimpse on snow.
I am the sunlight on ripened grain.
I am the gentle autumn rain.
When you awaken in the morning's hush,
I am the swift uplifting rush of quiet birds in circled flood.
I am the soft stars that shine at night.
Do not stand at my grave and cry.
I am the self-genius, our own sweat.
Run and get those drinks, will you?
And tell Mr. Foster, make him strong.
Will you do that?
Run, girl, run.
That's a lush one, isn't it?
Full of fire, too, I'll tell you.
I wouldn't know.
You wouldn't?
Pity.
My name is Douglas Smith.
The Douglas Smith?
The editor?
Ex-editor.
Why ex?
It's a long, sad story.
You wouldn't be interested.
Oh, but I would.
I would indeed.
You see, you are the reason that I've journeyed to Dansburg.
You must be a creditor.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
No, not yet, anyhow.
The only cult they want to talk about is the subgenius foundation, the church of the subgenius.
Doug Smith says we're different.
Doug's right, Virgil.
We are different.
Thanks to Jesus, the genetic engineering corporation of American states.
Mommy, too?
Yeah.
Yep, the whole family.
Is everybody like us?
No, son, but we're working on it.
Round the clock.
I'd rather be lucky than smart.
Oh, slacker.
Mr. Smith?
Mr. Smith?
Jack!
Oh, Doc!
Jackie!
Oh, Jackie!
You're all right.
Mr. Smith, he tried to kill me.
He tried to kill me.
I know.
We were in this car, and he kept going faster and faster, and there was this other car coming
at us, and he had his straight for that car.
It's all right now.
It's all over.
He was sitting right there next to me, and then he was gone.
What's going on?
What happened?
Tell me.
Listen to this.
Mr. Douglas Smith, former star reporter and chief line of type operator for the Courier,
resigned his position and left Dansburg for his own good.
He's home at 11.29 this evening.
His contract with Mr. Douglas Smith declared null and void owing to Mr. Winter's incomplete
understanding of the terms of the document.
Contract?
What contract?
It means that he's gone.
Gone?
And he won't be back.
Doug, will you please explain this?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I will.

I'll tell you.
Maybe tomorrow.
But right now, let's get out of here.
Exit the infernal machine.
And with it, his satanic majesty, Mr. Smith.
We'll be back in a minute.




I'm looking for a man named Lucifer, Prince of Darkness, otherwise known as Mr. Smith.
He's gone, but not for good.
That wouldn't be like him.
He's gone for bad.
And he might be back.
With another ticket to the Twilight Zone.
Oh, gosh.
Oh, my God.
I'm so tired of this.

I'm so nervous.
I'm in a state of panic.


I'm in a state of panic.
I'm in a state of panic.
I'm in a state of panic.
Got a spark
You can't stop it
It's a question
You gotta pop it
Do you wanna light it up?
Do you wanna light it up?
Do you wanna light it up?
Light it up
We all know
There's still time
Now we're gonna
Fire up your minds
Do you wanna light it up?
Do you wanna light it up?
Do you wanna light it up?
Light it up
Do you wanna light it up?
Fire, fire
Fire, fire
Fire, fire
Knock, knock, no one's home
We don't wanna dance alone
No, no, can't behave
We'll get torched in the cave
Uh-oh, there's no time
We don't wanna lose our minds
Oh yeah, time to change
Wanna see you use your brain
Well done, Kelsey

You feel your way
Shake that shaking hand
When the world isINE
Curse created
And the entire universe
Go wrong
Well, Birds were raised


Dashing, driving
And it's secret
There are plenty of people
Der engine
And narrator
There are plenty of people
Who travel
To experience
The adventure
We'll keep moving


Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Then that's what I want best, right?
No prob, stuck to the tar bitty bar.
Wish I was stuck in a big ball of frog.
Instead of this church where my socks just rot.
I love a presentacle,
Instead of the pigs at Willow Lake.


But my rules take me wherever I want to go.
You too.
Oh baby, I'm back
Oh baby, I'm back
Oh baby, I'm back
There is absolutely no reason for this to occur.
Dow is 477.
House Republicans are expected to day on a scale down southern U.S. border on their own.
In Northern California, 19 crews have been destroyed.
That brings to 900 the number now in ruin from PR News in Washington.
Yes, dear friends.
This music in the background is from the Rudy Schwartz Project.
PR News, of course, was by the great Fernandez and Andy Lemur.
That song, Tar Baby of Bob.
Bob.
That was Dr. Gary Gbrog, Fran.
The song...
Slack Bang Me Baby, the sexy song.
That was by out-of-band experience, Bill T. Miller, the king of slack.
And the song Light It Up was by the Exposed Foreheads.
Letter X and the numeral 4.
Exposed Foreheads.
And they'll be at the devotional at the Beachland Ballroom.
August 19th and 20th.
That's the big Devo convention, folks, you know.
And the special guests there will be Jerry Casale of Devo and Bob One, Mother's Ba.
And Reverend Angry Larry will be playing with the Spud Boys.
The Fantastic Plastics will be there.
Woo-hoo!
And Ken, the Magic Corner God.
Philo's in that band.
But I don't think he's going to be there.
The Devo-matics.
I'm sure it'll all be great.
Just greaty-great-great.
And I'm going to switch music here.
One, two, one, two.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, friends.
Because we're back from many adventures.
Starting with 19X Day.
Or actually the 21st X Day Drill.
We experienced Starwood, number 36.
That was my 26th Starwood.
And Princess Wee's 30-something.
Yeah.
And, of course, the Republican National Convention heard in the background here.
Quiet out there.
Quiet, friends.
Quiet out there, audience.
Quiet.
I can't hear myself think.
I said quiet out there.
And I mean quiet.
Quiet.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, friends.
It was a beautiful...
Well, actually, it was a lot of hard work for the two of us.
Because I kind of run that X Day thing.
And Princess Wee kind of runs the Starwood thing.
With a lot of help from friends.
Well, in both cases.
But it's a little...
It's a little different when your fundament is on the line.
The line where you have to keep writing checks and such.
But it's great.
Everything went well.
No one died.
So that's a win.
Yes, that's a win.
We didn't lose our fundaments.
And at X Day, everyone's name tag.
Doug said Doug.
It's because in Facebook land,
the Facebook robots decided that I couldn't use my real name,
Reverend Ivan Stang, anymore.
And I had to use my human street name that's on my driver's license.
And I had made the mistake of asking on Facebook,
y'all that are coming to 19X Day, please don't call me Doug.
So...
They did.





They didn't exactly.
They called each other Doug.
And every name tag that was handed out had Doug or some variation of it.
And everybody called each other Doug.
In doodly doodly.
Yeah.
But we had magic.
Other magical things happened.
We had, for instance, the Wisteria, the campground,
where they held all of these events except for the Republican convention.
You had to get a little ticket to use the Wi-Fi.
And the ticket had a number on it, a code number.
Well, I happened to get the code number 13213.
That's only two numbers off from spelling Bob.
And if you don't understand that, write it out.
Cram the one and the three close together.
And instead of a two, make a zero.
13013.
My Starwood tag, those are numbered also.
And by chance, my Starwood tag this time was 420.
I was the 420th person to be registered.
Although I'd been hanging out and hiding from registration for several days.
But, yes, we had good times and good food.
There was a lot of fine eating out there.
A lot of it thanks to Reverend Heathen at X Day.
He just brought all this chicken and pork and stuff and fed everybody.
Kept cooking it.
And at Starwood, the Space Rangers were the caterers, you might say.
That's sort of like having the Merry Pranksters as your caterers.
And they even had an acid test.
But that's just what they called it.
I don't think they tested any acid.
Maybe some of them match it.
It's just all magnetic materials or may be some individuals might have,
but I certainly didn't.
Well, actually, somebody did offer us some and we had to say,
do we look like the kind of people who would do drugs at one of those
festivals?
And in fact, you know, when you're running the thing, you've got to be
careful.
You can't get to thisgregated there.
Nothing.
We ate.
Well, the bugs ate well.
Yes, they feasted on us.
I ended up covered in little insect bites and cuts and burns.
And I really felt like I had had the full camping experience, even though I didn't have to camp.
Well, but there were interesting bugs.
There were not just bug bites on us.
There were actual bugs themselves that took up residence, lived on us for three weeks.
I took some spectacular photographs of insects because they have such a wide variety of insects.
Yeah, there's things that are not from this planet there.
They have more diversity there than possibly anywhere else in the United States.
Well, I've still got a candiru toad living up somewhere inside my prostate area.
Mar not.
Well, you know, those toads will do that.
They're for real.
People think that's just a joke.
I think old sequoia is just a joke.
Living in that pond.
But people saw old sequoia or her offspring, her hatchlings that were about four feet across.
Snapping turtles, giant snapping turtles migrating across the campground and living in the little, in the pond where we did our baptism.
We wash away the sins of all those poor sinners.
As Bob says, he loves the sin but hates the sinner.
And we had lots of sinners.
They're getting their filth washed off.
The filth of the conspiracy of the normal people that they had to live among all the rest of the year.
It's true.
They were tainted.
Yeah, it's a lot of these people.
That's their only vacation.
And sometimes it's the only way Lonesome Cowboy Dave can ever know anything.
What do you mean I can't ever know nothing?
That's not true at all.
I can always know something.
No, we were saying how you could know it.
How I could know it.
By appercentage.
By perception or by perception or by intuition?
I don't know.
You tell me.
You're the one that knows it.
Don't you?
Well, for your information, you think I'm a real stupid dog bunny.
I'm reading People's History of the United States by Howard Zinn.
And I even can understand some of the big words.
I keep thinking that I know that guy.
But I don't.
We know Harvey Wasserman.
He passed away a couple years ago.
Howard Zinn.
No, it wasn't funny.
Howard Zinn died two years ago, he said.
Two or three.
Two or three.
Uh-huh.
I think there's something fishy about a human being dying.
Well, there's always something fishy smelling about it.
I don't know if it's an actual fishtail, so to speak.
Well, he tells you.
Isn't that what we all live?
Is it just a fishtail?
In the medicine fish hole.
We're all down in the medicine fish hole in our own separate ways.
That's Howard Zinn.
Zinn guy tells United States history that they don't teach you in school.
Yeah.
My dad gave me a copy of his book.
He said, this is going to blow your mind wide open.
And I had to go, Pappy, I'm aware of all this stuff.
I actually had read that book, I think, a long time ago.
Oh, yes.
Yes, he ends up, I think, with the first Iraq war.
Or no, no, the second Iraq war.
With the Bush term.
The Bush term is where this edition ends.
It doesn't have Obama yet.
And it only has the first term of Bush.
Well, Dave, we missed you at X-Day.
And we narrowly missed you at Starwood.
I almost got you, but my scope needs to be calibrated a little better.
But we thought of you a lot during the Republican convention.
We looked.
We looked for you in our sights.
But.
Oh, I thought you were trying to shoot me.
Yeah, I missed an opportunity with the local newspaper to be the few argumentative agent of the post-transcription conscription era to have witnessed the pubic orifice.
You could have been in the building, right?
Yeah, I could have been pawed by a lesbian passing herself as a soccer mom.
I didn't mean that in a negative way, either.
I just I was alluding to.
The fact that there were among those evangelical yeashears out there, there were a lot of gay prostitutes involved.
Somebody was was it the Cleveland scene that I read that that during the Republican convention, Cleveland didn't really make it all that much money in general, except the gay prostitutes had a really good week.
The hetero prostitutes didn't.
What does this tell you?
Yes.
About the closeting of some of these.
Well, I just feel sorry for some of them in some ways.
On the other hand, maybe they should climb up out of that hole and into the light of the other holes.
Yeah, knock a hole in that closet door and walk out into the bright sunlight and say, I am a homosexual.
And how you're supposed to say it.
Well, you can say it any way you want in the church of the subject.
And I think that's genius.
Absolutely.
Right.
And that's what true freedom really is, is the freedom to be an idiot.
Did you ever see the billboard of Cruz and Donald J.
Trump making out?
Yeah, I did.
That was very touching.
It was.
Where was that?
Some some.
That was a nice paint job.
Somebody actually paid for that billboard to exist for.
Yeah, that's what.
Wow.
Trump and Cruz making out.
Yeah.






I was wondering if the drummer that used to be in a incartation of Mondo's Retardo Band was not Bobby, but another fellow.
I wondered if his sign company did it.
Not if they did it, but if they were responsible for that, because anybody could have did it.
Well, it costs money to put up a billboard.
I think.
Yeah, it costs a lot of sovereign cheese buckles.
Got that going wrong.
I can almost think of that drummer's name.
It was like Pinkerton or something, but it's not Pinkerton.
Pinkerton Pinksley.
Yeah, Pinkerton.
But it's not Pinkerton Pinksley.
P. Pinkerton Pinksley.
It's just like that.
It's a name like that.
It was Rose Royce.
Or it was T-Man Magnificat.
T-Man Magnificat?
Magnificat.
Magnificat.
Magnificatum.
Well, anyway, we didn't go to the Republican convention this year.
It was.
In fact, we didn't go downtown, but our neighbors, Joe and Walter, did.
And they just tried to go to the farmer's market, but you couldn't cross the bridge.
So you had to go the long way around.
And when they got there, there were more police than customers.
And apparently, that's not even an exaggeration.
And this is even though they weren't, well, I guess the Republicans weren't really getting out and around in the town much.
They all stayed in their hotels.
And called out for their gay prostitutes, I guess.
And just used the bar, the fridge bar there in the hotels or something.
Because they.
Fear of Cleveland.
They have nothing to fear in Cleveland.
In Cleveland, if you burn a flag, they're liable to put you in jail forever.
Well, the protesters were more afraid than anybody because they could get their heads bashed in.
In Cleveland, they can shoot you from the top.
And they were afraid of taking a picture of them.
Yeah.
You know.
So, yeah, there was, and plus, there's the apathy.
Now, I understand the Democratic convention is getting a whole.
There's a lot of people who were really, really angry over what Hillary did to Bernie.
And then there's probably just as many who are really chortling over all that in the Republican side.
But it's apparently terribly hot all over the whole country at this speaking.
Not for us.
We're in Cleveland.
Cleveland's always 15 degrees cooler than everywhere else.
Yes.
They're dying.
They're dropping like flies everywhere.
And yet, still outdoors waving signs around and stuff, exercising their freedom of speech under the eye of numerous big brothers.
And big sisters.
And their ancestors, too.
And big daddies and the ghosts of their ancestors all going, I can't believe that you're making it easier for them Republicans and them Democrats to make fun of each other.
As a ghost, I'm just appalled by everything I see on TV, especially on the news TV.
Yeah.
Rightfully, it should be.
We have to keep, we need the acumen to pull apart all the different little lessons we learned.
Oh, yes.
All the lessons we've learned and reconstruct a new human being from this person who's wise beyond his years and sweet as far as the alleged domain goes.
Not real actual sweetness, but like splendid or whatever it's called.
You know, kind of a false sweetness that you see in like when Ronald Reagan.
Or when, uh, J. Trump wiggles his tongue.
Or when, uh...
Oh, I figured you were talking about Vermin Supreme.
The next president of the United States.
You know, this guy actually has a chance.
People are so disgusted with what's available.
He could be the next Pat Paulson.
Actually, he is.
He is the next Pat.
He is the current Pat Paulson.
Yes, now, but you, to the audience, you'll have to explain who Pat Paulson was.
Right.
Most of them don't know.
I couldn't think he died in the late 90s.
But he was still running for president.
And he was serious one time.
At one point in there, it was like, well, why am I any worse than the people that are running?
Right.
And, uh...
And I think Vermin Supreme is saying the same thing.
And he sounds like a crazy person.
Matt Elfhatlump.
And some, and what's his name, uh, the El Supremo?
That one guy?
They all have a right to be the president, just as much as I do or you do.
That's a pretty horrible thought, actually.
Isn't it?
I wouldn't want to be, and I know you wouldn't want to be.
I wouldn't want, that would be the worst punishment you could, besides the fact that you could
have any woman that you desired at any moment in time, or something like that.
I'd probably lose the red button and the football and all of the stuff that the president's
supposed to keep track of.
Eh.
Eh.
Fooey.
Fooey.
Fooey.
Fooey.







I'd be, I'd be blowing lunch at a White House tea.
I'd be talking about liberty for you and me, but you and I aren't free and then I'd blow
lunch all over and I'd…
Wah-wah once in my life.
And then I'd have to be let from the room by two secret security agents.
Did you just say if you were president, you'd throw up at the first meeting and then you'd
be arrested and impeached?
At the first White House tea I would throw up, not at the first meeting.
At the first meeting I'd be very polite and contrite and seem like every American would

and was going to have a hell of a great time.
And they'd be free as all get out
and wouldn't have to pay too many taxes or anything like that.
And all the hatred and sickness in this country
that it's kind of famous for
would all just drizzle away like my drizzle.
And, and.
Well, you know, I used to fantasize
about what the president gets told his first day in office.
Maybe the second day.
You know, he's sitting there feeling pretty good.
Hey, I'm on top of the world.
I'm, you know, the chief of armed forces.
Yeah, I know everything.
And then the real guys come in.
The real, real grim-faced guys.
Or maybe they're giggling madly at this point
because they tell him the real story.
And who knows?
Maybe it's, Mr. President,
I'm afraid we have to inform you this Area 51 thing.
It's actually a little realer.
Than you may have been led to believe.
In fact, let me peel my face off here
and reveal my generself unto my God.
So, or maybe it's something else.
It's like, well, you know, Mr. President,
ha, Mrs. President, whatever you are.
You understand that you're just a scarecrow.
You're only here for people to pelt garbage at.
So to speak.
So.
Get to cringing, pelty.
Pelty.
Pelty.
The pelty president boy.
Or girl.
Another scenario is when they come in,
they tell you, 15 years ago,
we lost a war that nobody knows about to the Chinese.
And we can't really say, you know, that we lost.
Well, things were allowed to continue the way they are,
but we're under the total domination
of a foreign power right now.
Right.
And it's not just the Chinese.

It could be the Chinese.

It could be the Germans for all we care.
Just so long as it's somebody with a nice midriff
and a hairline that goes all the way back, you know,
like those weird little munchkins in Wizard of Oz.
In fact, Mr. President, your real boss is the king of Yap,
a small island in the South Pacific where they use gigantic discs for money.
But in fact, he's got bigger discs than this whole country has.
So we're beholden to them.
And they all have discs.
They also, the king of Yap also controls the Sultan of Brunei
and the Chinese and the Russians and the European Union
and the Catholic Church.
So that's it.
Well, he has to be anywhere.
Enjoy your lunch, Mr. President.
Mr. President.
That's what the Mrs. President needs to learn on the first day
is that he who controls the world has the largest disc.
The largest.
The largest stone disc.
The largest stone disc.
The largest stone disc.
The largest stone disc.
Yeah.
They have a hole in the center, so you can roll them around the island
as new seats of power were trying to be changed.
Why that's silly, Stan.
You know that's a silly thing to say.
And I bet you don't even care.
I bet you're as happy as pie about it.
I don't know how you could be as happy as pie.
I always thought that was kind of sacrilegious to try and spring that one on people.
And then...
you know
being happy as pie
being happy as pie
since when is pie
I mean pie can bring happiness
yes but the pie
itself is not happy
because it's going to be eaten
yes oh well some pies
that's what they're there for
they live their brief life
as a pie just to be
eaten and they hope that they taste good
to the people who are eating them
yes Princess Wee and
Dr. Howell made the traditional
X day pie just before we
left it had a big 19X
etched in it by Dr. Howell
on the crust etched
fabulously yeah of course
and a great flying
saucer design in the background
yes the pie was eaten
but the aliens
didn't come that we
know of I did fly my little drone
I did get to fly my new
camera drone that Reverend
Zaphod gave us at both
X day and Starwood
I've already made two Starwood
commercials out of the bonfire drone
footage which is going
to everybody's going to just
soil themselves
with amazement
when they see that and the
X day drone footage is going to take a
little bit of extra tweaking
though to put it in the right frame
as it were
oh wait
listen
I guess the Germans are controlling
the world's deferred again
that was one of my mom's
records
Lolita
that's not Lolita
that's a German lady singing in a kind of
a native falsetto
let's see what have we here
it is in fact
a German lady named Lolita
singing theme from a summer place
and the Jews harp
or jaw harp
playing that we heard with the
whatever
classical music that was
Johann George Albrechtsberger
the something in E major
concerto in E major
and it was so beautiful too
I wept
I wept like a pile of a baby woman
no you didn't you were on the radio I didn't hear you
weeping
you're just signing
I was weeping silently
I'm not gonna let my feelings be known to thousands
I was weeping silently too
look at all the tears
yeah
well I think the steam from a summer place is much more weepy
in
in
in
in
in
in
in
in
in
in
in

in
in

in
in

you know the
time
in
we have
a

clear
that
we

we need
It should come back again someday.
How can it be that we can't see anymore?
We need to see if our friends are listening.
Well, take the Popeye pirate patches off your eyes to start with.
And for number two, tell all those people that are listening to call.
No, they can't do that.
They can't call in and say they're listening.
To email a quick message saying,
right on board with you, Captain Stang and Princess We Are Doe.
You know?
I'm sorry.
No.
It's a hopeful message.
I suppose so.
Now we're listening to something from the Delta Blues area,
the Mississippi Delta.
Some blues now.
We've jumped from Deutschland to Mississippi.
It's a Jimi Hendrix in the background, I'm pretty sure.
Well, his guitar playing was influenced by Delta Blues
because anybody who played any kind of rock and roll in the 20th century
was influenced by the greats of blues.
The Red House over yonder.
Now, yeah, we can't see our listeners in Germany or anywhere else anymore.
No.
The connection has timed out.
They can hear us, maybe, but we can't see them anymore.
We used to watch.
Oh, Tanya looked so gorgeous walking around dressed that way.
Even with that little, uh, slow, you know, jittery feed.
You know, it was not a very good picture.
It was like a security picture.
Um, I'm not going to talk about what Bucky did with that dog.
Tanya always looked great.
And Bucky did, too.
And both dogs did, too.
Yeah, but the tampon was totally unnecessary.
Well, for a dog.
Yeah.
You know, the dog shouldn't be allowed to eat that.
Hey, I had a kind of a tampon-related accident.
Oh, I love those.
At Starwood.
I lost.
This is hard to describe.
I had mail order purchased a new camera mount that's, suffice it to say,
when it's collapsed, it just looks like a smooth tube with a rounded end.
Like somebody's...
Well, what happened was...
Slender and slanted.
It fell out of the golf cart.
It fell out of my pocket and rolled across the road and I didn't know it.
A golf cart driver, um, transporting agent saw it by the side of the road and called security and said,
I found a bob in the road.
And they went, uh, what?
What?
She has a B-A-B.
Battery...
B-O-B.
No, B-O-B.
B-O-B.
Battery operated boyfriend.
Yes.
B-O-B.
I kept saying B-A-B.
You did.
You said it during your rant.
Yeah.
Oh, well.
At Starwood.
Here's an O to cut in over that.
O.
Anyway, yeah, it's a B-O-B.
Battery operated boyfriend.
She thought it was a sex toy and she said, I'm not gonna touch it unless I have gloves
because I think it has some Greek lube on it.

Another person reported it to security and said that they'd seen a bomb on the side of
the road.
So it was a bob bomb dildo, you might say.
And, uh...
Battery operated boyfriend.
Yeah.
I did end up getting it back because a brave security driver in a golf cart picked it up,
even without gloves.
Deemed to touch it.
Right.
He got my greasy old bob.
And I got it back.
Was it still operative?
Could you still see the dirty pictures when you pushed the one thing and it made the little
black mark on your eyeballs?
Well, you know, you take...
You use it to take dirty pictures and I took a lot of pictures of the dirt.
He did.
I did, honestly.
I took a lot of dirty pictures.
Yeah, so off to the side of the road.
That's...
Yeah.
And I got a pixie eye view of a whole bunch of fairies.
Yes, he did.
In the fairy shrine.
There was a fairy shrine there?
Yes, there was a fairy shrine.
Very, very fairy shrine.
It's unbelievable.
In fact, it's hard to get to.
You have to go down the secret trail.
You have to know the fairies.
You have to pay them and the leprechauns and the...
Who else?
The elves.
The little people.
All kinds of...
All the little people.
Yeah, there's...
The key stealing fairies.
The wee folk.
Yes.
Pixies.
The wee folk.
You should know the wee folk.
The wee folk.
Princess Wee.
Yes, they're the wee folk.
She knows all about them wee folk.
Oh, yes.
She knows all about them wee folk.
She knows all about them wee folk.



Hey, this music in the background is you, Dave.
What?
It's you.
Well, it's Witch Disco of some kind.
I don't know if it's on the Witch Disco album.
It might be Witch Disco at Winterstar.
I can't find my Witch Disco album.
Could you send me one if you've got more than one or two or three or four?
Oh, I got it.
Now everybody on the radio listening audience is going, oh, no, no, no.





I'm going to want one of those.
Send.
Yeah, I can do that.
I'm writing and...
He's making himself a notation right now, Dave.
... across the sky.
Send me one now.
Whatever one is.
I'm looking for a unitary thing, man.
That's what I'm looking for in religion.
I'm looking for something like Bob and Slack and his Church of Subgenius, but it's even
more monistic than that.
You know, it's just, I don't know if it's represented by one of those faithful toadstools,
or, you know, a little bit of a...








Or disruption in the atmosphere, or just, you know, a real farty smell.
It could be any one of those things, and I'd be so happy.
I'd turn away from Dobbs even, perhaps, maybe.
Well, I thought you would turn away from Dobbs if you could meet Dobbs?
If you could have the Slack of the Church of the Subgenius, you would turn away from
it if you could get that benefit?
I'd keep the Slack, of course, but then, yeah.
You would escape from it.
In other words, as soon as possible, once you had benefited.
I would keep the Slack, because, as you know, once you're, you know, regardless of your
plushitude or your neck size, whatever kind of muscles you're carrying, once you're a
member of the Church of the Subgenius, you can be dismembered in most of an electric
form by other members.
You're kind of a captive, a slave.
Everything comes apart one way or another.
Slack is taken away.
Slack is taken away.
You want to keep Slack?

You want to keep that Slack and never give back.
I want to keep that Slack and never give it back.
Yeah, something like that.
I want to keep that Slack and never give it back.
Yeah, I like the way we said it.
It sounds like she's very, very, like, laying down the law.
No, she's orgasmic.
Well, Slack is different for each person.
For some, it is slat.
For some, it's slag.
For some, it's slab.
For some, it's schlock or schnook.
Or schlock.
Schlock is a very common form of Slack for some people.
It's a Hungarian version.
So, yes.
Well, not always, but sometimes we're schlocky.
But that's still a form of Slack.
I was going to say, just before you said schlock, I thought that's the way to say it.


The way I feel about it, it's schlock.
Repeat, quip your jab.
Schlock off.
Quip your jab?
Yeah, repeat.
Quip your jab.
Schlock off.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Notice that even though the world ends, you're not necessarily going to die.
It all depends on whether you're just merely a listener.
Yeah.
And one of those Facebook gimme bobs, or if you're a real minister in the Church of the Subgenius,
because the real ministers get privy to things that the gimme bobs don't know.
I see so many of them gimme bobs out there on Facebook.
I don't see their names in the Book of Life.
But they sure are praising Bob.
They can't spell his name right, but they mean well.
They mean to praise Bob.
But they're just praising Bob.
They're not praising Bob.
Bob.
They're not just praising any old Bob.
But to them, any Bob is the same as the Bob.
Well, you know, some of them are cantankerous Paul McCartney photographs.
In other words, they're slob bobs.
I got a letter from a guy saying, the Book of the Subgenius, I read it when I was a teenager.
Honestly, it's one of the few books that I've come back to over and over again for real inspiration.
Even though a lot of it's nonsense.
It's got real gems of real inspiration and knowledge in it.
And it's honestly, you have saved my life.
Now, I never got around to sending in the ministership dues.
I never did any.
But believe me, you have saved my life, Stank.
This guy went on for like two pages about how he'd saved my life.
I never got around to sending that.
I never did actually help you in any way except for this letter, which I postponed writing for 35 years.
And I postponed a dollar a year for 35 years.
I haven't been on the phone for that long, too.
I have to say, well, thanks for telling me how the Church of the Subgenius made your life so much better.
That's not worth the...
Okay.
So we can't say that amount on the radio because this is a public supported space.
And we're doing...
We cannot benefit ourselves.
Although if a person did get a wild hair, they could look at Stank.
And the Church of the Subgenius, and probably the very first thing they'd click on would make them a little poorer in some ways.
But endlessly richer.
So much more rich in knowledge and slack and love.
Well, maybe not.
Well, slack and...
Well, slack anyway.
Well, are they, you know, they, T-A-T, Y-R-S.
Are they at the Church of the Subgenius?
And not you, of course.
But are they still marketing the Bob Whoopie cushions?
No, if you didn't get the Bob Whoopie cushion when it was in our catalog, I know what you were thinking.
Even though that Bob Whoopie cushion saved my life three times, I'm not going to get one.
I'm not going to contribute because that's just what they want me to do.
It scared the police away in my case, and I can only be grateful for the rest of my existence for that.
It saved me from a beating and a severe leg sprain.
Well, that was just the Whoopie cushion.
We've got a whole blow-up Bob in our van outside the station right now.
Seriously.
Except he's not blow-up.
He hasn't been blown up yet, but he's ticking.
Little Bob is ticking right where his heart would be if he was a real Bob.
A bomb.
He draws crowds at grocery store shopping parking lots.
Yes.
They all want to know why we're killing that man in that scene in our car.
That's right, Princess.
We pulled up at the supermarket, little knowing that our friend and neighbor, Mr. Sister, had pulled up kind of behind her.
But she was already in the store when the little crowd formed around our van.
And I guess if Mr. Sister hadn't been there to go, no, that's a cleverly designed Bob Rubbock, not an old man suffocating in a hot car.
It may have saved us from getting our windows broken.
Yes, those folks were just about to break the window, evidently, to save this old man that was dying in our back seat.
And, you know, he must have looked really sick because he doesn't look like an old man.
He looks like a really, you know, a really beat-up Bob dummy with paper mache sculpted face made by Dr. Legume.
Yes.
And he made it to last.
It's 15 or 20 years old.
Easily.
Easily.
It's got holes in its head from being used for bow and arrow practice.
Mm-hmm.
He's pretty beat up.
I hate to think about his fundament because a lot of people just have veiled themselves at that thing.
That's true.
It's hanging off over the edge of a chair.
What in the name of...
He's got various little drawers and compartments and containers for beans and other ludicrous vegetables that he has the curmudgeonly strength to aspire to.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.





He can.
You know, he's hanging in there, as they say in French.
Yes.
Now, um...
Hanging in there.
It's the stuff in the background.
Leo Cupper Radio.
Leo Cupper Radio.
I know nothing.
I know nothing.
Hey, Princess, what do you want to hear?
hear a little bit of Starwood from, let's see if I can jump this ahead. Starwood? Real Starwood
sound? Here we go. Oh, I hear the Hawaiian drums. This is titled Roundhouse End Frenzy,
and it's 10 minutes long, but the show ends in six minutes. And Dave, I have six minutes worth
of songs to play. Oh, no. What? You just started the Starwood drumming. What's going on?
I have six minutes of songs to play, including the fantastic Plastics, who will be at the
devotional in about a month, where we will be, I hope. And then G. Gordon Gordon's Ballad of
the Bleeding Head, which nobody has heard in a long time, but they kind of need to hear it.
They need to hear it? Yeah.
How?
They already heard it in their worst nightmares. They've been kneed in the groin, and that's why
they need this pain taken away. So it's going to be like that. Fantastic Plastics and the Ballad
of the Bleeding Head. Dave, I hope we can do this again next week. I'm trying to decide.
The people who went to X Day are wanting me to just play the X Day shows and music that
features them. And I'm saying, well, why don't I just do that when we're in Texas and use
Dave and the station while we can?
Don't just use Dave. Use the hell out of him.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. So...
They said as they rubbed their hands together.
I'm used to the gumball, and I'm all for it, whatever that means. I'm confused. But I'm all for it.
Oh, don't be confused, Dave. We just love you, that's all.
We're going to see you in the flip time wraparound of next time.
Check the Z's, man. Check the Z's.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.

Oh, don't be confused.

Hey, yeah.
Oh, don't be confused.
Hey, yeah.
Oh, don't be confused.
Hey, yeah.
Red light, are we just another malfunction?
Green light, run, now all this is our function
Big bang, energize, I'm in atomic
Big bang, energize, we are atomic
Flying through the earth
With radiation
Drowning in the cosmos
Electricizing on you
Electricizing on you
This is the modern age, this is the modern age
Electricizing on you
Electricizing on you
This is the modern age
This is the modern age
And now I perform the head
The head, what about the head?
What about the scary poster of God's thing?
That evil head
There is no sign of Wellman
Hello, Ian
There's no sign of Wellman
We're just land low right here and hoping that we can get in touch with you
Wellman's gone
Yeah, Wellman's gone
But if we can just get the head inside that lead-lined vault, we'll be okay
Friends, beware that head
Safe
He almost went away
I left the little Wellman at home, but he wants to get in touch with us
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer rose slowly above the trap between the third and fourth greens
Down at Onion Creek Country Club and Golf Course
Thumping slowly like an over enlarged fig, the bleeding head slowly rose at a gentle angle above the green, dripping blood, and the blood that was flowing between the ears of Arnold Palmer, rose slowly above the trap between the third and fourth greens, down at Onion Creek Country Club and Golf Course
it hovered briefly over the sand trap
and then slowly ascended towards the constellation of Orion
at an angle of about 44.325 degrees
like a shot off a shovel
there was no doubt that it was the head of Arnold Palmer
that moon-faced smile was unforgettable
the population of southeast Austin went wild
they tore off their clothes
danced in the streets and said
the bloody head has come
the time is here
take off your clothes and be somebody
the bloody head of Arnold Palmer was above such things
the bloody head of Arnold Palmer rose gently
buffeting itself slightly as it passed among some ancient people
the pecan trees
and slowly, still, ever moving upwards
it wobbled slightly
spraying a small glissando of blood, so to speak
on the people below it
healing two old ladies
and giving an old man a substantial gland rebuild
at 14 minutes after 9
the bleeding head was sighted on the forward control radar access plant
at Barksdrum Air Force Base
three interceptors were scrambled
one of which crashed on takeoff
they could find nothing
the radar was still tracking the head
the bloody head moved north
rocketed over Dallas
and Fort Worth
the radar at Caswell Air Force Base
gave subsequent indication that something large and wet
was moving north-northeast
while ascending still upwards towards the constellation of Orion
the bloody head moved on
fourteen ex-virgins were rejuvenated in Lubbock
as the head passed through
the
the
the
the
the
the

the bloody head moved north-northeast
and the
the havia and it
so it stepped out of a
a
a
the bloody head rice
village
boots
The women make you fall for their tricks
The women make you fall for their tricks
Sex, money, Bob
Subliminal Hypno Corporation
Sex, money, Bob
Free pills
Sex, money, Bob
Free pills
Sex, money, Bob
Free pills
Sex, money, Bob
Kill me
Sex, money, Bob
