Oh yes, manifest occultation of a thought form. Yes.
Yeah. They have a tachypneutism.
Oh, to be sure. And strange.
You know, that's interesting because, you know, that's really interesting.
Yes. Give them false pride, false ego, false negativity, false power, false kick.
And then you destroy them.
So it wouldn't matter what they would endeavor to do. It would go all wrong.
Yes.
And if they personally are not, they have in their employ those who are.
From PR News in Washington, I'm placed on administrative leave by sex priests
after a supreme pro-sex leader was killed in an apparent sex.
Sex last yesterday. But Israel is praising the move.
The Kremlin says to end PR News in Washington.
Oh, dear God.
You see, my name's Billy and I just won king of the ring.
But there's one problem. Everybody still thinks that I absolutely suck.
And then at that point, Billy.
Your house started to shake. The heavens opened up.
And God himself spoke to you and said this.
Bob, but my name's Billy.
It doesn't matter what your name is.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
And our background music for the credits here will be Cyber Chump.
From their CD, Their Moment of Perfect Happiness.
And, uh...
Yes, this is the Hour of Slack once again.
And we're going to be hearing rants from different people.
And new music from things or people.
Let's start with Onan Canobite.
Canobite. Doctor, father, uncle.
Onan Canobite.
Who, in some ways, is kind of like my co-speech writer.
I use his stuff.
I was about to say I use him.
But I don't like to think of it that way.
We use each other.
Anyway, here is Onan Canobite.
And this is happening.
She asked if I had anything further to say.
And now, a few years later, the answer is yes.
This is happening right now.
The Church of the Subgenius, as orchestrated by the subgenius,
is a great place to be.
And the Subgenius Foundation, and visible at subgenius.com,
is an ongoing concern.
There was a good party going on in 1915 at the Cabaret Voltaire in Zurich.
But you didn't go.
The fun moved to Paris in 1920.
And you dilly-dallied around until it was over.
Paris hosted a fine situation in 1957.
But you let it drift away.
You could have stayed right where you are now
and had an experience with the hippies in the 60s.
But you sat it out.
Just like you sat out the punks of the 1970s.
Tell yourself you weren't born yet, or were just an infant,
if that makes you feel better.
The point is, this is happening right now.
The Church of the Subgenius, as orchestrated by the subgenius,
is a great place to be.
And the Subgenius Foundation, and visible at subgenius.com,
is an ongoing concern.
And by concernation, you had best not be the last mutant on the bust.
The Church of the Subgenius is something that you can take or leave a DNA sample of.
Some invisible monster that lives in the sky saw fit to give you a unique thumbprint,
and now you have a blackberry pie you can stick it in.
You can go to a subgenius event.
You can put one on yourself.
You can meet or avoid every subgenius walking this planet.
You might come up with the next good joke that you hear some other subgenius tell you back someday.
Or you might be a frog watcher off to the side,
but a frog watcher that showed up nonetheless.
When you see the saucers leave this planet,
and that one subgenius you were too shy to talk to,
or punch in the snout,
has their face mashed up against the window,
and is giving you the bird,
will you be saying,
gosh, I blew it again?
Or will you be that subgenius?
Why not both?
So the incomprised humanack

He's happy to be free!

Perhaps I'm lucky enough to be here.
Ha, not so much that I can't leave Earth,

A silent failure for the myself of midKledUlose entonces.
公oga
I was a little lost,
so it all started in anoker.
One long month, or four.
Yeah, we missed a show last week.
The broadcast stations will get them normally, but the internet listeners didn't get last week's fix.
So I'm whipping out two right now, right this very second, to catch up.
This one's number 1,699.
And next, we round the corner for show number 1,700.
Nice round number.
Bob granted us slack, so that's all okay as far as the hour of slack schedule goes.
My own schedule has been messed up.
Not nearly as messed up as some of my friends' and family's schedules.
There's...
It's...
Just got simply terminated.
People keep dying.
Or getting real, real sick and threatening to die.
Some geniuses dying.
Think of that.
Boarding the escape saucers of the exes way before the rest of us.
It's not fair, but as my little sister says a lot,
fair's where you take your pig and hope to win a prize.
Speaking of which, my incarcerated sister unexpectedly got some good news.
She was offered a plea by the DA and took it.
And long story short, we'll have her back from state prison after only about two years.
That was actually the best we had dared to hope for.
The Texas justice system was actually both smart and merciful.
And this is a very good example of that.





And I'm not going to go into too much detail about this case.
For you see, my sister's daughter, my late niece Claire,
was dying of a truly horrible disease called Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.
And no, you haven't heard of it.
That's correct.
It's pretty rare.
And sometimes all it does is make people hypermobile.
But that is extremely limber and double-jointed.
Other times what it does is cause all the connective tissue in your body
to slowly just sort of dissolve.
That includes your skin, your joints, the membranes that hold your guts in place,
the stuff that keeps your arms and legs in their sockets,
and your ribs from coming loose and poking holes in your organs.
My niece had all of that.
She was literally falling apart.
Just rolling over in bedrock.
Could send her to the emergency room.
She was also in non-stop pain.
From merely very painful to unthinkably painful.
There is no cure.
She was only 27 years old.
And could no longer drive or even walk very far.
And she just wanted to die.
I mean, she really wanted to die.
But she was scared of doing it wrong.
And she didn't want to know when it was coming.
So my sister essentially sacrificed herself to make her daughter's wish come true.
And yes, friends, I know that there are states like the ones on the far west coast
where the health system is not working.
But it actually helps you.
If I'd known then what I know now,
I would have cashed in my savings a year ago and said,
Here, move to Washington state where you won't be penalized for being ill and poor.
She could have gotten life in prison.
Instead, the state took the trouble of looking into what went down
and mercifully gave her the minimum sentence for ending her daughter's pain.
Since early July, I've been visiting my sister in the local jail
every visitation period three times a week.
Soon, she'll be transferred to state prison
and I'll be able to pick up where I left off,
which was trying to finish emptying and fixing up our old house in Cleveland
so we can sell it and stop going deeper and deeper and deeper into debt.
And the dogs and I will finally be reunited with my wife, Princess Wee, and our mom, Weemaw.
who both had to stay in Ohio while I went back to Texas.
So, yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
This is the show called The Hour Slack.
And I guess this hasn't been all that Slack-inducing so far.
It gets worse.
One month ago today, on October 12th,
our very good friend in Ohio, Reverend Heathen,
human street name,
David Lair,
suddenly died in his sleep of obstructive pulmonary disease.
That one was a shock.
He knew he was sick, but the doctors thought he'd be getting better.
Once again, he was one of the nicest, sanest, smartest,
and in fact, strongest guys any of us knew.
For instance, he fed everybody at the last dozen.
or so, X-Day Drills.
Just as a for instance.
Not counting all the repairs he did to the homes of non-handy subgeniuses like me.
He was part of the small gang of old Cleveland area subgeniuses
that used to meet every week or so for dinner or movies
or the Greek Festival or X-Day,
along with Mr. Sister and Son and the Nostrils
and Her Highness Hell-Knowing Dr. Dark.
Well, Dr. Dark ordered the saucers a few months earlier
after a long, long fight with just about every kind of cancer.
And we did a show about him.
In between those two deaths,
Reverend Ann Atrocity died in a horrible accident
murdered by arson by a schizophrenic loved one.
And that was a case where the mental health system
ignored all the warnings she tried to give him until the worst happened.
So, thanks, Ronald Reagan administration
for gutting the loony bins back in the 80s
and keeping the sick out on the street.
And everybody since then who's been beating back social services
so that big companies can make bigger money.
Welcome to modern, advanced, futuristic America.
And I spent last week in Seattle visiting my old pal Dr. Lake Gale.
Now, if any of you have any questions, please feel free to ask me.
I'm Dr. Lake Gale.

if anybody can beat cancer of the stomach and spine, it's him.
But it's possible that nobody can.
He's still grinning and making the sickest, sickest, sickest jokes
through the unimaginable pain.
But those grins are not normal grins.
They're savage-looking grins that keep him from screaming, I guess.
I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have lasted anywhere near this long.
It's true that in 1995, due to some serious conclusion jumping,
everybody thought Legume had died in a highway accident back then.
And there was even a wake in Cleveland for him at which I got to say,
if there really was a Bob, Legume would still be alive!
Which was his cue to emerge from a closet, lift me off the floor by my lapels,
and jump off the roof.
And I'd be like,
Next time, you better poke me with a stick before you decide I'm dead.
So, some people have been sheepishly asking me if this isn't just another sick hoax.
It ain't.
So friends, next time you get a chance to tell a friend or loved one that you love them,
go ahead and do so.
It might be the last chance.
As lonesome cowboy Dave's friend, Psycho Pathfinder put it,
maybe we should treat our friends more like they're already dead.
So, friend, if you're the kind of hour of slack listener that's a friend of mine,
I love you, man.
Or woman.
Or whatever.
Thanks for all the slack you've given me.
I love you, man.
So, okay, the morose part is done.
Subgenius has been sending in lots of cool music and collages and doing their own podcasts.
That Subgenius documentary movie did in fact get finished and is in fact being entered in film festivals.
Everything I've heard, that I'm not supposed to know yet, tells me that it's really good.
And we'll be glad it's out there.
And lonesome cowboy Dave will be calling in.
And I'll be back soon.
Oh, and friends, if my voice sounds all cracky and hoarse, it's not because I'm dying.
I just have a cold with a nagging cough.
And the cough is what's got me sounding cracky.
So, let there be slacky.
And it feels so good.
You are risking your life.
It was only later that I knew he'd murdered almost a million people.
Just a little later, got it?
Know what I'm saying?
Show now.
Yo, it's a wonderful world and yeah, I'm living.
What can I say? I'm a liberated male.
I may have something for you.
What, what is going on here?
Uh, I'm on my grind, baby.
Cause I want the life.
The golden child.
I, I, I want the night.
And I think that that's the part of the song that really tells all.
I just might stop to
Run away from the pain.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come on, I'll dance.
Right now.
Excuse me.
Which do you think would be the more exciting?
The more sadomasochistic?
Look, I know.
It is a strange request, but I need to get up that mountain to the equipment.
There's valuable information up there.
With all due respect, sir, Dr. Oscar Valian is the leading authority on.
The stuff that stops you hard.
Learning obscenities out of random.
I think you got some rats.
And yo, we stay honest.
Won't make a fake promise.
Pay homage to truth and never straight from it.
I'm inside my lab stabbing wild old black poor pirates.
I'm trying to chill though, even though situation looking kinda ill, yo.
It came to me like a song I wrote.
I'm very susceptible to this.
I'm a little bit of a peer pressure.
Right.
We got, we've been getting collages from a person named Silas Jensen.
Jansen, I think.
And sometimes I rearrange them a little bit.
Sometimes I shorten them.
And sometimes I don't do anything.
But we also got a song from a friend of mine.
From, this is a new contributor.
Slim Reaper.
Slim Reaper.
Doing a hip hop or rap type style with this song called Pusher.
You've been so good today that now we're going to watch a cartoon.
I'll be your guide on this trip through reality.
And on this trip, I can make you see anything I want you to see.
I can show you everything.
You have no choice.
You may even see things you can't stand to see.
Or I may show you lies which you will call truth.
So remember, this is not your story.
And you are not the only one.





You are the spirit.
I am throwing it to you.
Hit the mic like it's stress weed.
I spit the spite.
Don't test me.
Impress fiends when I bust out the next thing.
Goal is to roll.
Fingers shift like I'm texting.
Linger and lift.
Chug another fifth.
Falling cannabis abyss.
What bliss.
No more indifference if you hit this.
Makes me miss ignorance.
Reminisce on tolerance.
But true relief is to holler riffs.
Little sis said flow.
Tata this.
Still I blow.
Hot as shit.
And say a rap to keep my lungs slick.
Like whoa.
That pale chap just sung Rick.
I'm like Ladi Dadi here to fuck up the party.
Armed with Bacardi.
They didn't even card me.
Broken empty but smartly sharp free.
Don't let me start heat.
Cause it darts to the heart when I spark a beat.
I'm the Fisher turned shepherd.
Homie shout truth that.
Kick a freestyle.
Did you know we could do that?
Bitch I bring back the boom bap.
And put the city of Jerusalem on the map.
Spit smoke.
Spit rhythm.
Spit fire and indecision.
Spit spiteful inhibition.
Spit phlegm when they say pay tuition.
I spit like it's a fucking addiction.
And pens the drug you're picking.
Spit out medication.
Get a dose of dedication.
No vacation.
I can't relax.
Spit with two feet on the gas.
Leave the soul in the booth.
Try to spit shrewd for the youth.
Like friends come and go.
But fiends will never leave.
I let you go.
Call me up just to holler yo.
Slachli achi odeshi niyet a sachi.
Avach faloch patli.
Azboni pagesh.
Oh.
Thanks for asking.
And yourself.
I guess I need you to entertain me.
Cause lately I've been stir crazy.
Bumpin juicy till I get loopy with disordered fantasies.
Plus music all I got since I aborted Hennessy.
Caught menacing saying school is where you better be.
My temper heats cause I've never been stung by a deader bee.
Shit.
I've open creative me.

I guess it's вся uczuš gu ним et şuš во yu dissebuka kifuś hhiğdsee suposuz
So goodbye nut.
Holy shout, true that
Kick a freestyle, did you know we could do that
Bitch, I bring back the boom back
And put the city of Jerusalem on the map
You can look up that song and performer.
Slim Reaper is the performer.
Pusher is the name of the song.
Just Google that.
I'm sure it'll pop up like this did.
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
It takes more than intellect to be a musician.
The machine gave me my penny back.
Okay.
Yeah!
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, okay.
Oh, okay.
I've got a rant here.
It's not by me, it's by Onan.
Dr. Onan Canobite.
Uh, remember.
Today, he says, I remembered.
I don't have to keep up with current events that I cannot influence in any way, much less resolve.
Phew.
It's nice to put down and walk away from all that anxiety and anger.
I've got enough self-generated anxiety and anger.
I don't need anybody else's.
And I sure don't need the conspiracy's anxiety and anger.
All kinds of bad things.
And sad things are happening in the world.
And even right down the street.
And there's not a thing I can do about them.
Nothing!
Not even stay informed.
Or quote-unquote spread awareness.
And those things I can do something about, well, I am doing them and usually not telling anybody.
The telling anybody part, that's not worked out so well.
Hey, I'm doing this good thing.
Yeah, but it's not that other good thing.
You're enough of that good thing itself.
You don't have to remember what I remembered today.
But you do have to remember.
Remember, you're a subgenius.
Remember, this planet is Mars.
Remember, you are not just different, but better than most people.
Remember to send one dollar.
Remember that last one often.
Remember the people who got you down that one time.
They're suffering too.
Not so you can forgive them, but so you can gloat and bask in your effort-free revenge.
Remember, you will die.
And not too long from now.
Remember that Bob has probably forgotten you already.
But some important funny old-time subgenie think your thing was pretty great.
And they want you dead.
And they want you to have slack.
Do you demand proof?
Then know that the anagram for subgenius remember is...
Gibber Sneer Museum.
And those were the words of Reverend Dr. Uncle Onan Canobite.
And now this.
And, uh...
And I guess now it's time to call Dave.
We'll put up the magical background music.
This is CyberChump.
Which is part of the band Exposed Foreheads.
With our friend Mark G.E.
And Jim Skeel.
And this is a CD called Sankhara.
It's pretty and won't bother us, I hope.
So...
Call the Dave-men.
Come in, Dave.
Come in, Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
End your lonesomeness.
By picking up the phone.
Come, Dave, come.
Well...
Uh, uh...
Approach, Dave, approach.
Call me, call me, call me, call me.
Call me right back.
Oh, great.
In three, three and a half minutes.
Three, three, three, three, three, three, three and a half minutes.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm a little light.
Okay.
It's okay, Dave.
But see, that's...
Because of time control and, uh...
See, two, three, three, three and a half minutes.
Half minutes, man.
What?
Three, three and a half...
Speak up, Dave.
Ha, ha, ha.
Don't make me slap you.
Speak up.
Well, why would you want to slap me anyway?
Don't you...
For mumbling.
Oh, okay.
But there's listeners.
Yeah, right.
They can't read your mind.
I forgot about that.
They can't read at all.
So what's this, what's this whistler, this monogram, idiot thing?
I don't know.
That's why they listen to the radio, is they can't read your mind.
They can only hear your mouth.
So, you have to wake that mouth up, make it, make it enunciate and dict.
You know, get your diction going.
But wouldn't it be great...
Yeah.
You don't want to be an undict person.
Be a diction person.
A diction person.
Yeah.
I just wonder if you didn't stand up for the right things, you know, the right religious
causes and artifacture, you know, you might like wear like a dental brace or something.
Oh, hell, I died for the right religious causes.
Well, I have to go close the window.
I'll be back in three and a half, three, three, I'll be right back.
I knew that they would, I knew that it was the right religious cause because I was resurrected
again.
But you can't bank on that.
Oh, man.
You definitely can't bank on that.
I've had to keep reminding myself that, well, yeah, sure, my friend is, is probably dying.
But what isn't?
That kind of goes with existing.
Even inanimate objects shrivel up and get turned back into atoms.
And dinosaur pee, as the idiots like to say.
I just said it, so there you go.
It must prove I'm an idiot.
But, you know, we prefer the term subgenius.
It's just somehow more polite.
And it sure beats the R word.
I don't even remember what that one is.
What?
I guess that means I R1.
That must be what the R word means.
I R1.
I wonder if Dave's really gone to shut a window or if that was just like a, some sort of a
polite way of saying he really had to go to the bathroom.
Are you talking to me?
No, I was talking to them.
I didn't know you were back.
Did you have a good window closing?
Yeah, I closed the window.
Well, for two, you know, a lot of things in the last few hundred thousand years.
They explained the reason why you stole all the artifacts.
Dave, speak up.
Remember, I'm deaf.
Ish.
I remember.
That's why.
But I'm not going to want to yell.
I might miss a button and close your head.
Well, I don't want you to hit miss the button and close my head or whatever you just said.
I've got it turned up as loud as it'll go, man.
And I've got my earplugs in, my earmuff on.
Oh, no, I'm supposed to have hearing aids and headphones.
I messed up.
Hold on.
I've got to go close the window for three and a half minutes.
Okay.
Okay, I'm back.
That took a long time, man.
I was starting to cry.
I was thinking about all the spoiled onions and all the bad burgers we've had to make over the past few days.

I was thinking about all the bad burgers we've had to make over the past few days.
I don't know if it's even.
Dave, when you're crying, I can't understand the words.
I don't get the lyrics when you're weeping.
Like, be more masculine.
Yeah.
Assert those lyrics.
I was wondering if you were to point your suppositories at the average college radio station or alternative station in a small building somewhere in a small town.

Or a large town.
You might find these people trying to totally reconfigure their personalities and become different humans.
Than they are.
A few, yeah.
I've been in most of those college stations at one point or another.
Well, I was just so intrigued by that idea after it was already pre-reproduced and presented to me.
Which idea was that again?
That if you point the suppository in the right direction of your local neighborhood college or alternative radio station, you will get the deep impressions from outer space.
Right. You don't want to put it in sideways.
No.
You could, but, you know, why?
It's a lipstick tube shaped thing.
Well, each direction has a function. Yeah.
Yeah.
Speaking of suppositories.
I was in Seattle last week visiting the ailing Dr. Le Guin.
And, you know, they legalized that marijuana stuff there.
I mean, totally anybody can buy it.
Anybody over 21.
Like Canada or Colorado type places.
Well, in some of those places it's medical only and they're kind of, you can only get so much.
You can't get so much per day.
And, you know, you have to have a license.
But, no, in Seattle, five minutes after they picked me up at the airport, they stopped for painkillers.
And I was looking at a little box on the counter of cannabis suppositories.
Not a joke.
They sound delicious.
And get this.
The brand name, Rectify.
Yeah.
Rectify.
The cannabis suppositories.
And I thought, well, I've seen everything now.
I must be on the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
Must be X day because I can't believe I'm seeing a store like this in the United States.
I thought you gave it a little try.
Just to see, you know, there's not what the enemy knows.
Or not the enemy.
I mean, the archangels and the aardvarks.
Oh, not the, what, me?
Are you kidding?
Do I look like somebody who would try marijuana?
No, not try marijuana.
You made me forget what I was saying.
But it was not like when Robert De Niro called the president a warthog.
No.
Or a salesman or anything.
No.
It was something different than that because, you know, there's only three perfunctory interesting stories to think about.
And they're all dead.
But there's been a lot of that going around.
Yeah.
Did I tell, speaking of marijuana suppositories.
Yeah.
Did I tell you about what happened to the two dogs of a friend of mine?
He had gotten a package from another friend in one of those states.
Colorado in this case, I think.
It was cookies.
Yummy, buttery cookies.
Thank goodness they weren't chocolate.
Because even though they were in, sealed up in a freezer bag, and that bag was inside a wooden box that had a latch on it on a high shelf.
Dog number one, my friend's dog, apparently smelled the cookies in there and pulled the thing down.
It broke open.
And he ate all of the cookies.
And my friend said there were about 50 of them.
It was a stuffed gallon freezer bag full of them.
And they were so strong that he never took them unless he needed something to knock him out because he was having trouble sleeping.
Well, he didn't notice.
He didn't know what had happened until he noticed his dog standing with a dog.
He was in a really unusual posture, swaying with his four legs splayed as far apart from each other as possible without just flopping down to the belly.
And he was just swaying and staring.
And my friend thought, oh my God, he's been poisoned.
He must have eaten a toad.
That was his first thought.
He didn't just mouth it.
He ate one.
That would have been my first thought, especially every time we speak together.
Well, he ran down.
He went down to the next room and saw the box that had four and one cookie left in the bag and the bag torn open.
And he went, oh my God.
Well, he ran back.
The dog had puked in the corner.
And he thought, oh my God, that's good.
Oh, good.
The dog puked.
And the dog still, you know, he was dosed.
He was swaying around.
So my friend goes, oh, man, I better go get, I better clean up that puke before the other dog comes and eats it.
Too late.
The other dog just gobbled up that puked up marijuana cookie bulk.
It was like, looked like a, I mean, it was a huge amount.
Well, so then that dog had to start having twitches and falling.
Falling down and puked.
Thank goodness.
And my friend got on the internet and got his friends to all get on the internet to figure out what do we do?
Because this was like in the middle of the night.
It would have cost a thousand bucks to get a vet out of bed.
And they couldn't find a single, apparently this is like an epidemic that's been going on in Washington State and Colorado and other places.
Where you'll find a lot of these cookies sitting out on the breakfast room table, mayhap.
And a lot of dogs have overdosed in the last couple of years.
But none of them died.
We could not find a single example of a dog dying.
Now, my friend said that the next morning the dogs were a little woozy.
But by that afternoon, they were rollicking and romping in the yard.
And romping and romping.
After that, they started a punk band.
And the female burned her bra and the male burned his draft card.
And they started being sassy to him.
Well, that's always what happens, especially if you're from the osteopathic fraternity or one of the other associations devoted to the liquidation of mankind.
This is the important thing we've got to remember.
This is more like the liquidation of dog kind.
Well, yeah, starting with dogs.
I wonder what the guy did with the second time puked puke.
Because that would be like 50 hits.
Think about how lucky that dog was to you.
Not only was it buttery cookies, it was puke.
Well, you know, as the famous internet meme dog that I saw once, looking noble by a beach, had the caption that said,
"'Tis better to have eaten."
Than puked.
Than eaten the puke.
Than it is to never have puked at all.
See these door side dams?
These Darling Republican...
Calumniastical.
Not calumny per se.
I know that's...
Now see, if that dog had had installed in its neck one of those diverter inventions,
that I invented.
Well, I thought of it.
I haven't made one yet.
Where you can...
Where you can eat all the ice cream you want, but when you swallow, it is diverted away from your stomach and into a little sack that's strapped to your side.
It goes right past where you swallow and then out into the sack.
So that you can, you know, keep your ice cream and re-eat it later or sell it.
Or give it to the poor.
You know?
That's where we stand at least religiously, isn't it, Stang?
We should give our unstrapped vehicles, our unstrapped, you know, to the poor.
Right, I mean you could...
You'd eat a salad and swallow that down into your stomach.
And then you could eat all the candy and cake and ice cream and marijuana cookies you wanted and divert them into a sack.
Although, I guess you would...
Yeah.
I guess you wouldn't want to do that with drugs.
Well, maybe you might want to anyway.
I was just thinking if we bring back any kind of like medieval times, you know?
Where like town criers would go from one road to the next one.
They'd be like saying, send us your bags and your oatmeal.
Well, now I'm thinking, I'm hoping that my friend put his re-puked marijuana cookie puke in the freezer.
You know, and then he could...
He could...
Pull it out and cut off a slice now and then.
You know, offer it to friends.
If they didn't know what it was, they'd go, what is this?
Oh, well, this is the latest thing the kids are doing.
It's a, you know, tincture.
It's an India Pale puke.
I mean cookie vomit.
I mean, you know, candy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's supposed to be, taste like, sort of like bile from a dog's stomach.
Mixed with sugar and butter and whatever.
Dogs like it at the moment.
Yeah.
You know, they're sometimes they're very strange, hard to articulate.
To mount up now and be as pompous as they are.
Some of them, you can see it in their eyes and their ears.
I would never want to be one of them kind of dogs.
Well, friends, don't leave your medical, your edible medicals out where the dog can get to them.
Because it's really, as much as you might think, oh boy, dog's going to be tripping.
It's going to be great.
He'll love it.
No.
No, it doesn't have the same effect on dogs as it does on people or even subgeniuses.
Right.
And remember, Giants and children and grandparents.
Especially that once you consume, did you make that sound to mock me?
No, I didn't make any sound.
That's the thing in your head.
Or your teeth.
Made like a fart sound?
You know, or like a, a screaming place and sound?
It wasn't me.
It was the dog.
It was the dog.
Well, everybody blames the same dog for the same mistakes.
And none of us ever win the race.
It was Bob.
It wasn't me or the dog.
It was Bob.
Bob farted.
It was Bob.







That's what I call true.
That's what I call true.
That's salvation to me.
To be able to look over your shoulder and see that smile on your face and just think,
that's where it comes from.
That's where it's going back to anyway.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Well, he can, he can expel gas and then suck it back in and then expel it again from either
opening.
That's how much control Bob has over his body.
Like an Indian fakir.
A.
A.
Or a daddy fakir or a mother fakir in India.
All of us fakirs.
Yeah, it's not to be confused with fakir news, which is not the most trustworthy.
Right, it's shoveled out like on a pancake with a snow shovel on the side.
Right, they tell you it's...
Waiting for the skunks to come out from under the bushes.
It's one of those irritable vegetable times of bloatage.
Some people experience vast amounts of bloatage.
Other people experience panic and anxiety.
But they think it might be from something else nearby, like loud vehicle sounds,
you know, like the poppings and the moanings of the great ships of the Northwest, you know.
So it's pretty hard to figure out.
Dave, did you eat your dog's medical cookies?
Yes, I did.
I was just going to say that.
Don't leave those gummy bears out where Grandpa didn't get them.
You know how those older people like gummy bears?
Oh, yeah.
You know, it doesn't always make their dementias any better.
Sometimes it kind of multiplies it.
Yeah.
I'm sad to say I've seen that happen.
Not me.
I wasn't looking in the mirror when that happened.
Oh, no, that's true.
What did you discover looking in the mirror?
I...
Let's not talk about it.
Please.
We did a show, what, two shows ago where we just talked the whole hour.
It didn't even have any music or anything in it to speak of, I think.
Mm-hmm.
Well, one of our regular listeners said,
The name of that episode should be,
Stang and Dave are old.
Why were you bringing the four of the four skin?
The neutral thoughts contained in the conversation?
The ones that don't match up to the gray thoughts?
I mean, you know, we've all walked down that street and came back blubbering and crying.
Yeah.
Why didn't she let me?
I just, I wasn't going to eat her panties or anything.
I was just going to, you know, go look at them.
I just, you know, everybody's different.
Some way or another.
Yeah, that's what they all tell the judge.
Well, everybody, come on, judge.
Everybody's different.
Yeah.


You know, different strokes for different tokes and chokes.
Right.
That's when the judge showed him his belly button.
True out in every sense of the word, about three, four inches long,
protruding from the bottom of his belt buckle out.
That's the kind of grandparents that I want to invite to my marriage and wedding.
Well, anyway, we don't want to sound too old.
So let's cut to something else for a change.
Like, for instance, this.
Scissor space.
This...
Um...
Please cut down, please?


No huge profits, no money, no women, no Emperor Xthra.

Stephen, when you started nothing, and when you decided to let all your principal handle
do you want to get a road sign for SCEMEE?




I know you want to show off, get your full miss,


The other two.
Use your mutant powers, think about
When your blood is low in sugar
When you're picking out a bugger
When you shoot him with a looter, think about
When you're outside exercising, think about
When you're using sex devices, think about
When you're walking through the woods
When you make out with girls
When you beat up two little hoods, think about
So hoppy, hoppy, hoppy, hoppy happiness




La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la La-la-la-la-la-la-la, blah-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la Life, life, life, life, life, life-life-life
Here he comes He's coming bud
Go to come and take your slack away He's back
When you see a flock of birds, think about When you just run out of words, think about
When a ring falls round your collar When you hear a given holler
When you write checks for one dollar, think about When you write to the subgenius, think about
Be a genius, think about
Be a boss, one for all, three of six, think about
When you cast your mojo hexes When you ride through Dallas, Texas
When you're all die-lexing, think about
He wants an audience
Be aesse

Don't need noppo
He wants speed della
Come to take your slack away
We'll take it too
That big bad bob
Heaven in the sky
That's right
Just send us your
One dollar
You get a lot more for your money
Heck, one dollar
You get Bob
One dollar

Think about
Yeah think about
We're all thinking about Bob
Yeah it makes us
Think about
Everybody's thinking about Bob
Everybody wants to think about
Yeah
We're all thinking about Bob
We're all thinking about Bob
Yeah we're thinking about Bob
Everybody's thinking about Bob
And those were the words of
Reverend Dr. Uncle Onan Canobite
From PR News in Washington
I'm barefoot in response to a Costa Rican
sex abuse and forced women's rowing and basketball
at the Asian Games in Ireland last weekend
in Costa Rica
PR's reports
Joe did not
Joe were left
It's the first ever gold PR news
to be reported
Warner has on our teams
who heard the incendiary
that hit Vaiviti
took away each at
Selfie was calling that night in question.
He said, let it rip, and it ripped.
Right.
And another thing we have to do is rip ourselves a new end hole
so that we can end the show twice.
You see, once now and once for next episode.
And one of these episodes is going to be a nice roundly numbered number, 1,700.
We've gone from 1699 to the year of 1700.
Hours of slack.
That's a lot of hours.
I wonder how many I should calculate later.
How many weeks or days or months or whatever.
That is.
Yeah.
I start with the big numbers in the middle of my way down
until I got to maybe 2 times 24 or something like that.
You know.
Let's see.
Maybe I could do that even while we're on the phone.
I can always cut the part out where I'm fiddling around
trying to find my damn calculator program on this interocitor.
Here.
Okay.
1,700 divided by 24.
70 days of slack.
We've rounded off to 71.
Well, no, that one was a rerun.
So it's been 70 days of slack since October 1985.
So this is like a new chapter.











This is like our 33rd anniversary or is it more like 38th anniversary?
Something.
Now, see, I need the calculator for everything.
Yeah, I mean, it's still going to come up saying the same stupid things
that don't make any sense or any difference.
So 70 days, that's 10 weeks.
Yeah, but if you were to divide it by 365 days per year,
that would tell you how many?
Two and a half months of slack.
If you just sat and listened to them all at once,
all day and all night, you'd be able to calculate that.



All night.
They would go on for two and a half months.
And at the end of that, there probably wouldn't be much left of you.
No, the wolves would come and take you out to dinner.
They'd just fill you up.
So, friends, that's it.
That's how many.
And this show, if you want to find out more about the churches,
don't hang up, Dave, because we've got to do this again in half an hour.
All right.

Friends, if you need to know more about the Church of the Subgenius
or anything we play on this show,
you can usually find it at subgenius.com.
You can also find all 1,700 shows pretty soon.
I think the first 300, 400 weren't digitized yet,
but they're being digitized now.
That's the Colonel Beans, yeah.
Yeah, I left him with Reverend Sinek in Ohio,
and he's copying them for Reverend Botner to put online.
Yes, that makes sense.
That's the way I do it.
Some of them, we all sound like babies.
You weren't even born.
I mean, you were born, but you were only born on ESO Swamp Radio
and other Cleveland outlets, all those bands you were in.
Yeah, dressed up like a little baby.
You know, they...
Things they do for you just to take care of your relatives in East Germany.
Is that why you smelled so much like urine back then, back in those days?
I mean, I don't want to wreck your chances of a date now,
but that was a long time ago.
Actually, that didn't stop.
Man, you had girls.
You had young, beautiful girls chasing you back then.
They loved the smell of old man urine.
It's like goats.
No wonder goats pee on their own beards.
Was that what you were...
But you never had a beard.
What were you peeing on?
I did.
I did.
Come on.
I did.
What's your secret?
I did have a little goatee, not a big one, for about three years,
which I urinated on frequently.
And I used to take down...
I digitized a whole library of information on the effects of smoking,
rampant manure, and pre-squeaking on the human beard.
Oh, by the way, this music in the background...
And this is for all ethnic groups and everything.
This just measured humans as per humans as opposed to goats.
Can we find this research online?
I would Google it first because sometimes, you know, there's severe watchers,
and there's serious kidney failure, and there's serious sailors and stuff.
I don't know about any of those people.
I mean, I tried to figure them out, but...
I knew Kidney Failure.
He was a hardworking but short-lived individual.
Hey, this music in the background...
Let me give a credit here.
Music in the background, the beautiful guitar music,
is Brian Henke of Northern Ohio.
It's an album called The Nature of Light.
And I've used this music for my nature videos on my YouTube channel
and my unnatural videos as well.
But mostly I use other stuff for the unnatural ones.
So, yeah, Brian Henke, H-E-N-K-E.
He's got a bunch of albums like this.
Sound very, very beautiful.
Listen to that.
Can you hear anything like guitar music?
It's like a buzzy sound.
I can be playing with three levels of...
Yeah.
Oh, you're using the hearing aid in my right ear.
That's why it sounds like that.
But you'll take my word for it.
It sounds pretty good.
That one...
You're for the gun anyway.
Yeah, I'm supposed to...
Okay, so I think this is the end of that show.
And that means...
I told you that I was thinking about...
What exactly are your speculations, sweetie?
Sir, I filled you in up till 1800 hours tonight.
Will you keep silent?
I can understand you feeling bad about all this, but...
My frustration is...
And what they're doing is they're going directly into the...
Sight center of the brain and stimulating it electronically.
We make the fly girls scream in ecstasy.
We rock the freshest rhymes at a party.
We put all the fellas in a daze.
But in my heart I found...
A new thing, baby.
A new thing is taking shape.
But then you have some black people who just don't give a damn.
Well, we just run off that little bit to give you an idea of what goes on.
Fred, perhaps we should...
We could just see how you do some of these trick endings of yours, could we?
Oh, I'm sorry, I'd love to, but I think any moment now we're going to run out of time.
Oh, what is...
