It's 9 o'clock, coming up right, ding, right now, KNON 90.9, Dallas, time for the hour of slack.
Oh, yes, dear friends, it's time to open your heart, close your mind, unzip your lips, and bend over,
because you're about to receive the word of Bob.
And pull out that wallet, friends, because it is pledge drive time.
Praise Bob.
Bob, it's either the last pledge drive for a while or the last hour of slack.
This could be your last chance, folks.
823-749-0828-9500.
But the first song has nothing to do with money.
Beware you men, where'er you go, the cherry tree must stand.
The glory of your fatherhood is threatened near at hand.
The maiden who is smiling so is one to all your seed.
And never was a maiden born to never know your need.
She'll wink her thoughts and let you know the lust that's on her mind.
And use the devil's thrust to show you what you need.
Dream to find.
Save your flower for tomorrow.
You never know what's apt to go through a tender maiden's head.
So save your flower for tomorrow.
Many men have felt the ruin.
Of the harlot's bed.
As you can see, so few like me remain unspoiled and pure.
By virtue's fact, I am intact.
Unsoiled by passion's lure.
So when temptation calls to you, you must remember well.
Adultery is the devil.
And the devil's tool for bringing you to hell.
When in the end desire's road has led you to its fork.
It won't be hard if you're on guard and always salt your pork.
Save your flower for tomorrow.
You never know what's apt to go through a tender maiden's head.


So save your flower for tomorrow.
Save your flower for tomorrow.
Save your flower for tomorrow.
Save your flower for tomorrow.
A candy-colored clown they call the Sandman.
Tiptoes to my room every night.
Every night.
Just to sprinkle stardust and to whisper.
To whisper, dear friend.
Everything is just fine.
It's just fine.
I close my eyes.
Close your eyes.
Then I drift away.
Just drift away.
Don't even think about calling.
Into the magic night.
The magic night.
I softly say.
I say to call.
823-7490.
A silent prayer.
A prayer.
And you'd better pray.
Like dreamers do.
Dreamers.
Then I fall asleep to dream my dreams of you.
Yes, my dreams of you.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.


Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.


Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.


I Murray Country Club.

Ah, I meet my love and I
I make a way to enchiet the

Just another one thing.
In fact, we are nearly almost the global
D이라는 and controlling direct
Use of both them delayüz.
remos surouCareBWdrenc.com.
normal vlf or otos desteduz edifiz TokaMagzine...!
ti movie theory it is serious mighty serious this time friends.
Sweet Pooh I have done one hour break from film tree you have
to convince you how badly we and the station need your support.
We have a special, special form of slack in store tonight.
Instead of us giving you slack for once,
you're going to finally give some back to us.
Of course, some of you have been doing so all along.
Praise Bob.
But for the rest of you, oh, this could be the moment of truth,
the moment at hand.
And once again, that's 823-7490 or 828-9500.
Talk to the Will of Dobbs.
And just to prove to you how badly we need it,
we need your support.
For the first time, we're asking you what you think.
And for any pledge amount, any single pledge amount, friends,
you'll get the Hour of Slack questionnaire,
a document which you will fill out and mail back to us
saying just what you like.
And just what you hate about this show.
A $20 to $24 pledge gets you the bumper sticker,
the KNON bumper sticker and the program guide.
From $20 to $29, you get a cool KNON button,
a shirt button, as well as those aforementioned things,
and, dear friends, a subgenius button, a button-a-bob.
And from $30 to $40, you get all of that, all of that,
plus a T-shirt, a KNON.
It's a KNON T-shirt.
It's a ghost shirt, dear friends,
so imbued with the power of pure goodness
that it will repel bullets fired at you by the bad guys.
Here are those bullets going by.
If you were wearing a shirt right now, a KNON shirt,
they wouldn't be hurting you like they are.
And from $40 to $50, $40 to $49, let's say,
gets you all of the above, plus one live music tape.
Oh, see, there was somebody who didn't pledge, friends,
screaming in the background.
So a live music tape for, hey, you know what I'm saying?
Wait a minute.
Oh, that's a conspiracy trying to cut in on us, friends.
828-9500 or 823-7490.
And pledge that $50, and you'll get one of the, up to $49.
You get one of the music tapes recorded during KNON's live music week,
and you must tell us your choice.
Okay.
Of a selection of six categories.
Rock, country, gospel, soul, folk, blues, whore, miscellaneous.
And that's what you're hearing now is the miscellaneous portion of KNON's programming.
This is KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
And if you can pledge, if you can dig down deep and get that $50 to $59,
you get all of the above, plus two live music tapes, plus a subgenius.
T-shirt from the Weeping Cyclops Company, and subgenius pamphlets.
You'll get just about everything, friends.
And any amount over $100, you do get everything.
Everything.
Plus a pristine and untainted copy of the Book of the Subgenius,
the second edition, newly printed by Simon & Schuster.
But we'll send that when you send the money, okay?
Just call 823-7490 or 828-9500.
Mail that money in now if you want.
That's KNON.
And box 710909, Dallas 75371.
And I'll be reading that number some more.
We'll take Visa.
We'll take MasterCard.
We'll take American Express.
We'll take bank drafts, by which monthly payments are automatically withdrawn from your bank account.
You can call in tonight, set it up.
You'll never have to think again.
And, of course, a check or money order is always so much fun.
Come, a-be-gibs-a-golly-gosh-in.
Better puke your pee.
On full-throttle potentate.
Elsewise, your wants will be wagging down on mammy's hind nanny.
Why can't your peeser pop a squeezer when the gushers are going all normal-like?
Got your no geyser sense in your sneezing chamber, boy?
Heisting an empty platter in your bean bag?
Where's your roller balls, eh?
I can't grop me no love-grow on this loo-joo-moo-joo band.
You gonna puke?
You won't have to spreech English, Jake.
Get right with your muscle, snake-snunk monkey.
Quit spritzin' your plizzerer lessen its snowing white lute-juice, baby.
Elsewise, your pleatin' bleeder's blowin' hot water.
You go blind or please your neither, tryin' not to.
Either way, you're gettin' up on the wrong orbit for this kind of free-kneedin' bleedin' side-trade, eh?
Well, why don't you go stand there like your damn-e-nice-o-a-bunny-faggot, and get a good rest of your day.

You a nickel slug, or you gonna plus your plimper and righteous hargany, P-boy?
Got weenie ribbers and flute or twos, don't you?
Join gumption's with the true and the seed brave, and pee for Bob, man, and send your jeans.
Buy out the gland owners with what you earned with your skinny peelin' face of pain.
This has been your enunciator.
Thank me.
Amen.
Wee-wee-wee-wee.
Okay.
Now, we're gonna sing some suck KNON songs.
Bob days, the Bob days in KNON.
The Bob days in KNON.
The Bob days in KNON.
The Bob days in KNON.
The Bob days in KNON.
Today.
Today.
Today.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob-ous-Bob-ous-Bob-ous-Bob!
Bob-ous-Bob-ous...
Bob-ous-Bob-ous...
Bob-ous...
Bob-ous, Bob-ous.
Bob, Bob, Bob's...
I must not fear.
Fear is the mind-killer.
Fear is the little death, which brings me.
Pom, pom, pom, bob!
Mis amigos queridos.
Who do you love?
Bob!
Knossio City, Bob Dobbs.
It's a Bob world after all.
It's a Bob world after all.
It's a Bob world after all.
It's a Bob.
K-N-O-N.
This is the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Daddy.
I get to listen to K-N-O-N again.
Oh, I'm sorry, sweetheart.
Nobody sent in that pledge money.
I'm afraid we may never get to hear K-N-O-N anymore after this.
You mean they didn't give the money,
but they promised?
I mean, they haven't sent any money to help the station?
Isn't that just like stealing?
Well, that number to call is 823-7490.
I want to see more calls.
823-7490.
I mean, is this going to...
Do I have to act like Dr. Gene Scott?
The hour of slack radio ministry is your vehicle to get you to the land of slack.
You, my friend, must buy the next tank of gas.
Why?
Because we're under so much pressure from the false churches.
But you can help us change that.
Send in those pledges.
Now, unlike other ministries, we do not use guilt as a weapon.
We let you use your own guilt against yourself.
And that's the thing.
I mean, with K-N-O-N, see, this isn't money.
You're not necessarily sending this money for the religion of Bob Dobbs.
The religion of slack and destruction of the conspiracy.
No, it's for the totality that's K-N-O-N.
It's not just for us.
It's for your very mind.
Your very soul, my friend.
You wouldn't believe how close your soul is to being sold out between your job and the drugs and the lies.
You need every bit of slack you can hang on to, friends.
And on this station, like, you've got all kinds of choices.
You've got lots of stuff you can hate.
And you've got...
You've got even more you can love.
The black shows are blacker.
The Mexican shows are more Mexican.
And therefore, they're better.
Even if you aren't black or Mexican, you need these shows.
If you want to have any ideas to what's happening.
So, especially if you want to have any hope in knowing what's happening 20 years from now.
When this planet isn't all pink and Anglo.
No siree.
And it ain't gonna be all one religion, neither.
Unless that's Bob's religion.
Which is the one religion where you can believe anything you want to believe.
You can even hate Bob.
So for all I know, maybe these...
Oh, yes.
Oh, we've got...
This is one of the callers that wanted to meet Reverend Stang at a cheap motel.
That comes with a $200 pledge.
Yeah.
Oh, baby.
And friends.
We're live.




We're looking for those pledges.
I want you to clear those lines.
I want to get rid of those $1 pledges.
I don't want to hear about no $1, $3, $4 pledges.
Call that number you see on your screen.
That's 823-7490 for those of you who cannot read.
I only want to accept calls from pledges with a minimum of $10,000.
Or at least $5.
$5, friends.
You may think, oh, $5.
That's too much.
For three months' worth of the hour of slack.
But if you don't pledge that money tonight, friends,
there may come a day when you'll lie in a concentration camp bitterly hating your own self.
Because you knew.
You knew so well that there was a time when you could have prevented the takeover by the conspiracy.
But I know that you're going to send that $20 to the hour of slack.
You're going to call in that pledge.
823-7490.
828-9500.
Because, you know, giving to this modest, unsyndicated radio show is the equivalent, dear friends,
to helping the first pre-humans, the Primo Anthropocus, to discover fire or the wheel.
That pathetic donation just might be the crucial last red cent that allows survival and slack
and prevents spaceship Earth from crash landing.
It's a vote against racism.
But for the master race, dear friends, which comes in all colors
and which lives somehow amongst the humans without the humans ever guessing our existence.
A vote against sexism, friends, but for sexism.
And against the mindless, mindless materialism of today's world,
but for slackful materialism and mindless fun.
Yes, indeed.
You can help in this battle against communism and monopoly capitalism,
but for small business and the beleaguered American farmer?
It's against the establishment, friends, but for the black market.
Not repairs by the dealership, nay nay, but repairs by independent fix-it men working out of their own homes.
Bye.
No, don't go away.
Don't leave us.
No.
We need your help.
We need your help.
We need your help.
But you know, if you know somebody who thinks that Old Church of the Subgenius is already too famous
and therefore no longer deserving of charity,
well then that, my friend, is a person who's either ignorant or else stupid enough to believe anything.
A born duke, a slave to every superstition that the rest of the media wants them to believe.
Call 823-7490 or 828-9500.
Because there has never been one mention of subgenius in any major TV network.
There's been a total of ten minutes of subgenius mentioned on cable, not one major magazine article.
We have one book out that's hard to find, friends, and a few pamphlets that no stores sell.
Radio shows we have, indeed, but they defy you listeners yourselves to remain unoffended.
And of course our main targets are the hip punk artists.

We have a huge audience that would actually be our only chance of commercial success.
And here we are alienating even them.
So friends, we need that money. The station needs it.
We've been good at hoaxing stupid media buffoons into thinking this was a runaway pet rock style success.
But we laugh at you when you fall for that.
And we cry, too, because it reminds us that there are people even dumber than us.
And yet they're still alive.
And that's sad, friends.
But it's proof that high grades and incomes are no good.
No indication of intelligence.
But, I mean, but a high pledge amount for the hour of slack, that's bound to be something that we're going to use, friends.
Not just us, but the whole station.
It is a vote, dear friends, a vote against stereotypes of any kind.
And a vote for the unexpected.
A vote for the unexpected.
Because the unexpected isn't always bad.
Well, maybe that time it was.
But, you know, you can expect bad things.
It's the good news that are usually a big surprise.
Anything really great is always unexpected.
And that's what you get with K-N-O-N.
Your pledge is a vote, friends, a vote for Bob.
A vote for the kind of afterlife that you've always wished, you've always prayed might be real.
And here's a recording right here in front of me of JRBob.com.
Bob's a young man bringing another young man back to life.
And he can do this for you.
Oral Roberts isn't the only one, dear friends.
So listen, but don't listen to this.
Call that pledge in.
I mean, we need to get back up to number one.
This is serious.
We've been put down by three other shows ahead of us.
And it looks like George Mark is doing real good, too.
So subgeniuses out there, we need that vote.
The station needs that vote.
And here is, as I said, JR Bob Dobbs bringing all of us back to life.
If you feel, you heal.
I was swimming with millions of babies in a rainbow.
And they was naked.
And then all of a sudden, I turned into a perfect smile.
I'm sorry I brought you back, but I need your help.
Who are you?
I'm sorry I brought you back, but I need your help.
I'm on my way to Jerusalem to be an actor-singer.
It is written that the agent Morris awaits me.
Who am I?
Listen, crawl again.
This is blasphemy.
Blasphemy.
Crawl again.
Give to us something to live for.
Anything.
We need hope now, love.
Put a rope on this son of a bitch.
One moment, please.
I bring you a message.
Exactly six miles north of Skag Mountain in the Valley of Pain,
there lives an evil devil monster.
His name is Bingo Gas Station Motel Cheeseburger with a side of aircraft noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
And he loves to hurt people.
The last time I saw Bingo Gas Station Motel Cheeseburger with a side of aircraft noise,
and you'll be Gary, Indiana,
he told me what he wants to do.
He wants to come down here and kill each and every one of you.
But I said to him, Bingo, wait a minute.
And the reason I said that is because I believe in you people.
I believe you can do the job.
I believe you can help each other.
I believe you can make this world a better place to live in.
That's it.
Never mind.
This is how you say bingo.
Just tell us whether there is a life after death or not.
Is he the one?
He's got to be the one.
Who else could it be?
I'm very disappointed.
I'm going to be the one.

Oh, now you 15-year-old kids out there,
I'm talking to you specifically, not 15, just teenagers in general.
You all like the weird rock and roll stuff that George plays on the show before this one.
Now, you see, what I need to break into,
this is kind of an ugly fact,
But for many people that kind of rock and roll is the step that leads you into
drug abuse and worse things.
Subgenius friends,
the Church of the Subgenius is the next step of evolution after that. The step
beyond the drugs. In fact, we're
probably, in fact, we know for sure that we are the next to the last step
and you better watch out for that very last step friends because it is a doozy. So call 823-7490
or 828-9500 and stay with the church because it's our duty to hold and maintain the human race
to achieve the subgenius state and not go beyond that, not go to that next step for that way
my friend, that way lies madness,
madness and poverty. The poverty for instance
that would have made you a Christian,
that would afflict this station and put us off the air. Not just us but everybody else on this station.
If you don't call in that pledge and like I said for the oh, let me see where's my notes here.
What what you're gonna get for that pledge when you call 823-7490 or 828-9500
you
you get you that
Oh, just the up to 24 bucks will get you that bumper sticker on the program guide and the hour of slack questionnaire
which you need to do that.
Tell us how much you hate us.
A lot of people hate us. We want to know exactly where and why so that we can come get them.
The other
up to 29 bucks and you get the cool KNON button and the subgenius button up to $39.
You get that and the t-shirt and the KNO that
Yeah, that's the KNON ghost shirt friend.
40 to $49 gets you one live music tape recorded during KNON's live music week of the
genre.
of your choice and
50 and up gets you all of those things plus two more live music tapes and a subgenius t-shirt from the Weeping
Cyclops insignia company and
but
You're gonna need it you're gonna need every bit of that friends come the come the end times
Kids you kids out there
Children you may wonder why
You look down here in wide shot
Why I have all these rat traps and mouse traps of different sizes and makes on the table in front of me here these traps
Friends represent the lies that will be told to you by the conspiracy radio stations and by any other rival cult besides subgenius
These lies are like Satan's traps now watch what happens when I put this innocent little pink mouse
amongst these traps
Now, here he goes. He's sniffing at that first bit of cheese he sees.
He's going for it.
Oh, should look twice there, little mousey.
Look at that, friends. That little mouse snapped clean in half.
Now, that was a pink mouse, but it could just as well have been an unsuspecting subgenius mouse.
Do you want Satan's jaws to snap you in half?
What's gonna happen to you, little kiddies, if you go on believing the lies of anybody else besides Bob Dodson?
Your subgenius moms and dads and neighborhood pastors.
And if we don't raise the money in that pledge drive, that's all you're gonna hear, pal.
Kids, lies, lies, lies.
We've gotta reach those kids out there, friends.
You grownups listening, we've gotta reach the kids that are unsafe.
Look at your screens. You're seeing the film there of the trucks carrying the food and the clothing.
This stuff costs so much money.
It's not worth it.
To reach the entire planet of people begging for slack.
Now, there's 500 million people watching this program,
because we go to areas where there's nothing else on TV, where they have to watch us.
Can't see us in Dallas.
But our costs have gone up 30%, and yet our income remains the same.
We can't raise money.
If we can't raise the money that you pledge right now by calling 823-7490, we're gonna lose Nigeria.
We're gonna lose Western Australia.
We're gonna lose part of South Africa.
South Africa, friends, we're 7 million bucks in debt.
And, uh, oh, nowadays, oh, you gotta die to raise money.
You gotta die.
And then some dog track owner comes along and bails you out.
As long as you're not a subgenius.
See, the problem with the believers is they think we're loaded already.
And we are, but we don't have any money!
How can we spread the manure of Bob across the yards of America without capital?
We have, friends.
We have the world-smashing formula.
But we don't have that extra penny that would allow us to go down to the hardware store
and buy that last piece we need for the time control machine.
Friends, I actually had to die last time for $7,500.
That's all.
And we're ministering to people, friends, and not just me.
Subgeniuses all over the country, they're everywhere reaching out,
trying to draw the seekers in.
Those who can comprehend just what their slack is worth.
What's it worth to you?
Sister, brother, out there?
I mean, the people, the people need the word Bob.
But they are, oh, so few, so few are ready to put their beliefs on the line.
The line where you sign your name on that check.
Won't you join us, friends?
In this outreach?
Won't you try by calling 823-7490 or 828-9500?
This could be, this could be your, your, the one vote that really counted.
There is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty, perky, shark-backed flat.
We're talking about the
Ah, yeah, the harvest.
This is the way they did it in the New Testament.
God scolded his people in the Old Testament.
But you're laughing.
Oh, yeah, you're laughing, saying, oh, I don't care.
I don't care if radioactive rain destroys all the fish and fauna and pollutes the water
from me not supporting this station.
Oh, I don't care if our, if firestorms kill all dormant seeds on earth, making regeneration of plant life possible.
Oh, I don't, I'd just as soon get K-N-O-N for free.
I don't have a spare $10, because I'm gonna spend it on cigarettes and liquor and, and false slack.
Oh, yeah.
I don't care if vast quantities of nitrogen oxide dramatically increase ultraviolet radiation to the point where humans and animals are blind and we can't even hear the hour of slack with our eyes.
Oh, just compromise your immune system by not sending, not pledging a penny, or even worse, by pretending to be a subgenius and pledging but never even actually sending the check.
Huh? Sick. Sick creatures out there, they don't even care.
I don't care.

Our team's status, luck, prosperity, by blowing them off.
But don't blow off that pledge drive, friends.
Bob's promises to low heat the nature of abnormal behavior to explore new ways of going over the edge and coming right back.
And, friends, some of them have been coming through.
They are coming through.
The Will of Dobbs is right here, live on mic,
to read to you the names of people who have pledged.
And they are...
Reverend Stang, we've got Paul Keyes,
Selena Garcia, Ed Casey again,
Ben Toon, Joe Edwards,
Gary Waller, we've got Chris Smith,
John Harvey, Mike Morris,
blessed, blessed,
Reverend Zafod, Ben Swallow,
I guess that's really his name,
A.K. Austin, David Aguilera,
Bob Murphy, and most especially,
Caprice Capri and Melanie James in Fort Worth.
You'll be hearing from me later.
That's it.
All right, friends, it's a squirt universe.
There's hope, there's hope,
but we ain't nowhere near where we need to be.
Nay, nay, nay.
Things are...
It's a tough, stinky world out there, you know,
for the average subgenius.
I mean, there's some rich ones
and some who truly understand their slack.
But, I mean, at the same time,
we've got these...
It's so sickening and so ironic.
By the way, call 823-749-0 or 828-9500 now.
Do so now.
Girls, Dr. Zafod is here.
I mean, this is your big chance.
This could be your big date.
I mean, it is so ironic
because some of these false preachers
can raise millions and millions of dollars.
No problem there.
Well, I tell you what,
I challenge you, Jim Swaggart.
I challenge you, Jim Baker.
I challenge you, Oral Roberts.
You see this hand here?
You see this hand in front of me, Mr. Jim Baker?
This is called the claw,
and it's got the power of dogs in it,
and the power of Bob.
And I challenge you to show your ugly face
here at this radio station and come forward.
Go ahead, come forward with all your millions.
I'm ready to have a match without rules.
No rules at all.
One will survive.
One only.
One minister will leave the match still breathing
if one of you goody-goody preachers
has the guts to show up.
Oh, yes.
I'm sitting here drinking some Texas Select beer, friends.
Beer!
You hear that, Jimmy Swaggart?
You don't drink beer, oh no, or smoke on prop
because you don't know the power of these herbs.
I challenge any minister do-gooder out there
to show up.
All of you, with all your TV shows
and all your bought-off politicians,
your paid-off judges,
do any trick you want, but I got the claw,
I got the power of Bob,
and the power of Texas Select.
And you, my friend listener,
has the power to call 823-7490
or 828-9500.
Do it, do it, do it.
The times, the end times get closer and closer.
Every minute.
Imagine some guy or some gal driving around out there.
They're tired of listening to the same old music
on their conspiracy radio show,
so they try switching channels,
and they come upon this.
They hear these voices talking,
and they think, now what is this, a talk show?
A church show? A comedy?
I mean, oh my God, are these people serious?
It's too developed to be a joke.
Should I kill them, or should I pay them?
Which one?
Will it be, friend?
Which will it be?
Kill us or pay us?
Either way, call 823-7490
or 828-9500.
Willa Dobbs is here.
The Pope S. Cecilia is here.
Now, boys, you want to talk to the Pope S. Cecilia.
Reverend Shaman is here,
and even someone else.
And, friends, I want to see that money coming in.
We are not doing that well.
I'm not kidding.
I mean, if I was kidding,
I would have relaxed by now.
You know what I mean?
So, this is...
It's...
There's some have-nots out there, I know.
By definition, many subgeniuses are have-nots in money,
but they do have slack,
and at least they know what they're missing.
So, you've done okay by not having money, haven't you?
And so, therefore, it won't hurt you a bit.
It won't hurt you to have a bit less.
And the money doesn't go to me.
It doesn't even go to the Willa Dobbs.
It doesn't even go to someone else.
Your membership money does, though.
It goes to keep K-N-O-N.
K-N-O-N on the air!
Without K-N-O-N, you won't get the hour of slack free.
You'll be like everybody else out there,
everywhere but New Jersey and Boston.
The only way to get these tapes is five-buck cassette.
Friends, pay them dues!
828-9500 or 823-7490.
Now, friends, I'm...
The person you're hearing talking here, I'm Reverend Stang.
Now, you may say, this man doesn't sound religious.
What kind of a pope or preacher
swears and then drinks on camera
while he's asking for pledges?
I'll tell you what, kind friends,
a sub-genius preacher does.
And I want $10,000.
I want $10,000.

I want $10,000 pledges.
We are not fooling around here.
Uh, I mean, this, this, the transmitter,
these tape decks, these tapes,
these people, these things cost.
And so don't call in with these little teeny-weeny pledges.
Now, that $10,000 that we've got so far,
we know how to spend it.
We'll spend it on fancy clothes
and air-conditioned dog houses.
You don't want to see your preacher,
Reverend Ivan Stang,
preaching in tennis shoes, do you?
You want to see me in a snake-skin suit?
Because you don't want a stupid preacher.
You don't want a preacher that,
that doesn't, uh, abuse your money.
You want one who abuses it,
is smart enough to abuse it,
but honest enough to tell you.
And I need that air-conditioned dog house, my friends,
because my own house isn't air-conditioned.
Uh, I mean, I'd set up my office in that dog house.
The hour of slack original tapes
wouldn't melt in the heat anymore.
And I, and I'd still share that dog house
with my dog friends.
That's the difference between a subgenius preacher
and, uh, uh, one of these, uh, more famous-like preachers.
So I want you to get on there and call that 823-7490.
Call that 828-9500.
This is more serious than you could imagine
in your wildest dreams.
And, uh, well, looky here.
I mean, we've got, uh, I've got a,
I've got the inner secret of the subgenius church
ready to tell you, friends.
But we've got to get 50,000 more before I can do that.
The calls are beginning to come in.
But you, and the children's home in Manila
is gonna go, the children's, uh,
the, the home for slackless children,
that thing's gonna go down unless we have your money.
So you have been challenged.
You've got to meet this pledge.
And I know that you will, because miracles are happening
all over Dallas, friends.
Miracles are happening.
I mean, here's one miracle.
90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
That's a miracle, ain't it?
And an even bigger miracle is when you look at those,
those letters.
90.9.
Write those down.
Write them down on a piece of paper.
90.9 FM.
Now, flip that piece of paper over.
What do those letters now appear to say upside down?
They say a little b, a big O, and a little b.
Bob! Bob!
And if you'll believe that, you'll believe anything.
And that's what we want you to do.
We want you to believe the Bible.
We want you to believe Marvel Comics.
We want you to believe Pee Wee Herman.
Cheatness, friends. Cheatness counts.
It's the, it's, it's the only hope for us.
For many of us.
And this footage you're seeing from Slack-filled celebration shows the drawing power that Bob
can have.
Now, we've got, we've got to get that Slack TV network on 24 hours a day, seven days a
week.
It's going to be all violence and sex, dear friends, except when we're raising money.
Because, because we love you and we love your children.
And we want to take your children and teach them how to fight the good fight and how to
work in our factories and to bring Slack to themselves.
And we want to take your children and teach them how to fight the good fight and how to
bridge the middle.
Here's a project from us, Séenth強 ty loss.
Here's a folder with the people in the search function and the fundraisers.
I'll give you the details.

We have a new patch now.
We need to make the money, to move on, to focus on what we do.
You know what, I could do what you want.
Hallelujah, friends! The headache was gone.
What more proof do you need?
But others call in and they go, what is this?
What is this thing?
What are you trying to prove? Is this supposed to be comedy?
Hell, I heard this whole rant in Chicago.
Pope Florist wrote half of this rant.
But friends, Bob wants, he doesn't just want us to be rich.
He actually wants you to be rich.
But rich without working.
Because this is the church for abnormals.
The church for non-joiners.
So it's hard to get people to join.
It ain't a joke, friends.
Sometimes you're wondering, what is it?
What is this thing?
Well, it ain't collaborative art, no.
It's not subversive either.
And it's not just a bunch of drunk guys.
Nay, nay.
You'll pay. You will pay.
And then, friends, then, at that moment,
you will know what you really think.
Uh, uh...
We are getting some calls in, friends.
We are still getting the calls in.
There may be some hope.
There may be some hope.
So, uh, Willa Dobbs, do you want to read some out for us real quick?
They're piling up.
Michael Ward, R.L. Lemke,
Finney Koo, I'm sure I didn't pronounce that right,
Kevin Johnson, James Ogier,
and Mandy Macademia, who is here tonight.
Oh, Mandy!
What's that horrible song?
That's right.
What a fine...
That's a fine wife you would make.
Really?
I was born in Dallas in 1952
The Harvey moved across the street on Beckley Avenue
He used to throw the ball to me when I was just a kid
They say he shot the president
I was born in Dallas in 1952
They say he shot the president
I was born in Dallas in 1952
I don't think he did
And Lee Harvey was a friend of mine
He used to take me fishing all the time
He used to throw the ball to me when I was just a kid
They say he shot the president
And lapel








I don't think they's,州 не acha 지금 гуи в цвет кі он scenario
as first truly religious amusement park.
Not another pilgrim trap.
Not another religious rip-off.
Yes, we're located right here in Del Rio, Texas.
Friends, you've heard it.
It's true.
For a limited time and a limited time only,
you may purchase Billy Saul Hargis'
Holy Land record package.
That's right.
Say hallelujah.
That's right.
You may now purchase for your very own home
these original hits made famous
by the original artist.
Hear him and his disciples sing
for he's a jolly good fellow
recorded live at the last supper.
Hear Mary on acoustic guitar
with Rock-A-Bye-Ya-Baby
to a Dixon melody.
Hear Joseph and the original Belmont
sing I Should Have Phoned Ahead.
Yes, friends, unbelievable but true.
Say hallelujah.
Hallelujah.
Each of these original hits
by the original artist
can now be yours for your very own home.
Due to today's modern recording techniques,
you may play these hits
with true spirit.
Stereo reproduction.
Say hallelujah.
Seen it all on TV
Lee Harvey got gunned down
Murdered by Jack Ruby
The biggest sleaze in town
He stuck that gun into his ribs
And said, here's looking at you, kid
Ruby killed Lee Harvey
D.R.B.

















V. proved he did
And he thought he was a friend
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
I want you to keep calling
823-749-0 or 828-9500.
I don't care if you have already paid your dues.
Some geniuses generally are, in fact,
those who have paid their dues
in one way or another.
But one way to be sure
is to pay them in money.
Right.
Now, think how much better you'll feel.
I mean, uh, you know, it's cheap now.
It's cheap.
But when those aliens arrive in 1998,
it's going to cost your house,
your spouse, your kids, everything.
You do not know and cannot comprehend
just how good you have it now
until it's taken away.
And friends, if the United States of America
cannot see the truth of Bob,
it will be bleak.
It will be blinded forever.
And if they, uh, if they don't want to keep their sight,
well, fine.
Fine with us.
We aren't so forgiving as our Christian brethren.
In this church, the saved ones
are only those who want to save themselves.
If Jim Baker was a subgenius,
he wouldn't have had to been paying blackmail money.
He'd be getting paid to tell the story.
And no one here at the Hour of Slack
is getting paid to speak of.
Not for Hour of Slack, not for K-N-O-N.
There's no income whatsoever without you.
You count, friend.
You.
You, the individual.
You!
Not all the other geeks out there listening now.
They're all jerks.
They're not going to pay anything.
But you.
You, my friend.
You're the one I'm talking to.
As Reverend Shimon said,
people listen, people who listen to this show
are the ones who never darken a church door.
Because we, friends, are talking to them.
We're talking to them where they live.
Now, some things never end.
Some never end at all.
One is dirty dishes.
And the other is our need for your money.
Now, Bob doesn't need money.
He needs your trust.
But how else can he know you trust him
aside from you sending him money?
Other religions would insist that you give away
all worldly goods and your kids.
Give away your kids.
But Bob knows, friends, that nowadays those things don't matter
nearly as much to you as your money.
So I want you to reach down into yourself,
into that sacred organ, that wallet,
that place, that thing, that tool
that you wouldn't give to anyone but Bob.
And even then, unless you had to,
we'll take cash, credit card numbers,
even blood transfusions, friends.
We'll take blood transfusions as long as they're clean.
So, I mean, what kind of an excuse do you have?
828-95-7222.
800-823-7490.
Talk to the children of Bob, dear friends.
Talk to them, or else let the curse fall upon ye.
I'm not gonna give up until we get some more calls.
The Will of Dobbs is sitting here.
He's about ready to start playing with himself.
Nothing else for him to do.
I want you to call him.
Call the Will of Dobbs at 820.
Now we got one.
There he's got one, see?
Friends, I'm gonna tell you something.

Friends, the false churches out there,
they'd like to ban anything like what we're doing right now.
But that just shows how much they have to fear
from people possibly catching on to their little game,
their game of fear.
That's how most religions are about, anyway.
Fear, oh, don't eat me up, God.
Oh, Lord, don't sneak up from below and drag me down.
Don't kill me, I'm a good boy!
Except when I dressed up like a girl that time.
I'm a good boy!
Aside from that time when I masturbated once.
I used to steal, but, that was a long time ago.
ago and it's fear and disgust friends fear and disgust but you can rise above it now our
missionaries out there have been tortured imprisoned they're underfed in foreign countries
putting themselves in danger to spread the word above and uh we cannot let this heartache and
this misery be in vain your help your help is what can make it all worthwhile now calls are coming in
and those people are giving and we thank you we thank you from the bottom of our hearts for this
money friends and we get ten dollars twenty dollars amounts but we need 18 calls per minute
to reach our goal friends i want you to do something for me i want you to keep the pipe lit
you can be bob in this life you can be bob you can be the one who saves this show if you'll call
828-9500 or 823-7495
i mean uh we just and friends what you get for that basic contribution what you will be giving
the world for that contribution these i mean those are nothing even those are nothing compared
to the spiritual relief that comes with knowing your soul will last forever it's the excuse we
give you friends the excuse that you need not the forgiveness you don't need forgiveness you need an
excuse and you can see that number to call on your screen right now
828-9500-823-7490 i mean uh friends uh you get so much more than just knon material gains are but
not compared to the spiritual rewards that come with your with your donation friends uh you're
granted rights to do any sin without needing forgiveness you can not only that you can transfer
your ancestors crimes from punishment in hell to real life forgiveness and that's why we're here
we're here to help and do the work and the rewards in heaven friends thousands of ancestors of yours
can be cleared and acquitted for eternity think how they will appreciate that and i'm gonna i'm gonna
well i mean it's heaven it's heaven baby it's heaven we're gonna go to heaven right now heaven
is going to be real lift your hands up and praise god it's going to be worth it all to make heaven
that i've got news for you i i had a skeptic that called me up not long ago he said i'm a skeptic but
You got me kind of interested in your broadcast.
I began to tell him that I died before I came to age accountability
and went into heaven in this body.
And then God brought me back after I'd been to heaven,
all the glory and all the music and everything.
And friend, I'm going to tell you, that's the reason I'm preaching today.
That's the reason I'm going until I can't go.
Then I'll fall on the bed, but when I get in the pulpit,
I'm going to peel your hide and trim it over your back.
And when you leave my auditorium, you're going to be a shouting,
dancing, walking on devils and casting out devils and healing the sick.
This is a move of God for everybody.
This week, we're going to have one of the outstanding Baptist ministers.
Reverend Ivan Stang, and you can call 833-7490 or 828-9500
and get your hide peeled, friend.
I mean, that's what it's going to take.
I want it.
I want your hide.
That's what I want.
And you can call that hide in.
I've told you what you get with that pledge, but the conspiracy's closing in.
I've only got 10 more minutes to raise 10 more million dollars.
And, I mean, it's going to be a tough one.
It's going to be a tough one, dear friend.
Mighty tough indeed.
Say $25,000 worth of peace?
$25,000?
Small potatoes.
Oh, $50,000 anyway.
$75,000 would be more like it.
Well, once a year, more or less.
I'm sure you've got some money to be had.
Well, sure, you're old.
I'm young.
I need dough and plenty of it.
Well, sure, you're old.
I'm young.
I need dough and plenty of it.
Plenty of it.
I need dough and plenty of it.
I need dough and plenty of it.
I need dough and plenty of it.
Plenty, plenty of it, friend.
8237490.
Yeah, I mean, we're fellow Texans.
You need to call in here and party down with the good old boy, Mrs. Subgeniusland.
Dear friends, this is the hub.
This is where the Church of the Subgenius originated, right here in Dallas, Texas.
This is the foremost subgenius radio show, the hour of slap,
the one that brings you all the other ones, no matter how bad they may be.
But I'll tell you the conspiracies after us.
They're shooting at this station.
They're trying to shoot it down with bills, friends, with bills, with evil, evil bills.
There's so much that you could be doing for 8237490 million dollars.
I mean, and we could do even more with it.
8237490 million dollars.
I want to see that happening.
I want to see some yucks going on.
And you say, well, who can you trust?
I say, yes, you can.
No one knows this money.
Money changes everything.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
I say, money.
Don't it know?
Money changes everything.
And I want it.
I want to see.
I want you to change things with that.
I think you know what you're doing.
Well, not really.
When I'm called a stranger.
It's all in the past now.
Money changes everything.
Yes, it will all be in the past pretty soon, all too soon.
Very good, friend.
And you're laughing out there.
You're going, oh, I'm a nihilistic teenager.
I don't know.
There's no future.
Why should I try to contribute to the world peace and slack?
You're laughing.
You're just thinking, there's no hope for humanity anyway.
I'm just going to watch the world end.
I'm going to make a million dollars.
Is that because all you want to be is a drag queen?



擊himself?

Let's go even more close.
It is easy for people to do it.
Look at Bob.
What?
because he paid more money.
So I want you to call 828-9500.
Now you can have something to sell.
We all know we're in the art of selling.
We create a mental and an emotional climate of unconscious selling.
Right in your own home.
When everybody sells...
We're all selling.
We all have something to sell.
Yes, everyone's selling together a mighty symphony of prosperity.
For we all have something to sell.
The child Bob experienced a traumatic close encounter with a UFO at the age of three.
Soon thereafter, he began to exhibit strange powers of persuasion.
By age six, he had made his first million almost by accident.
But you know, that ain't good enough.
No, it ain't.
Oh, friends.
We're getting...
I've got five minutes left.
Five minutes left on this show, and we are not looking so good.
I mean, this is just ridiculous.
Let me get down to the hate part here on my script.
I mean, I just...
I'm not feeling the power.
I'm really not.
This just ain't...
823-7490 or 828-9500.
The power of Bob compels you.
The power of Bob compels you.
The power of Bob compels you.
The power of Bob compels you.








It was Bob that kept you out of that pit.
And...
I mean, look what your pledge gets, friends.
When you call that little pledge in, 828-9500-823-7490,
it gets you another minute of...
It gets you a few more minutes of slack in this life, which is all I've got.
But even more important, it buys you time in subgenius hell.
And there are many levels to the before and after lives,
but at the lowest rung, you'll find the Christian hell.
Only Christians go there though, but a step up from that you got the Christian Heaven.
Usually reserved for Christians only.
It's mostly just no pain and no pleasure either.
But for the good folks, you get up to subgenius hell.
And as Jane or Hyperclete once said,
by the time you get to the Christian Heaven,
you'll be wishing to God you've made it to subgenius hell.
Total pleasure for subgeniuses and total torture and misery for the unsaved and the pinks,
which you get to watch.
But for people who pledge, you get all the way up to the subgenius heaven.
And you won't be sitting on a bunch of damp clouds harping and in trumpet in all 24 hours a day.
Nay, nay.
But only if you pledge to K-N-O-N.
You will actually become the squirt itself for all eternity.
That's 823-749-0828-9500.
Go ahead and get a few more in here.
Robert Wisdom is coming up with the American Music Party.
He's going to be doing it.
But friends, I mean, look, I'm waiting for this board to change.
We need more calls.
We just aren't getting them.
You don't even need to mean it.
We don't care if you mean it.
Just call and pledge.
Then you can sit back and smirk and think,
oh, I'm not really going to pay that.
That's fine, because once we have your name and number,
we'll call you and call you until you pay up just to get a moment's rest.
So turn it around, dear friends.
Turn it around and give the conspiracy a black eye.
God Almighty itself wants to see this happen.
I know because he told Bob and Bob left.
He left me a memo.
This cannot be denied.
Friends, I've got two minutes left.
Two minutes.
This is getting ugly.
It's getting mighty ugly.
But I want to see something coming down that line.
We've got to keep that pipe lit.
This is not just a figure of speech.
This could mean the last days of man on Earth.
And if any aliens who are listening to us right now
realize that we can't raise the money,
they won't even consider this planet we're saving.
They'll put us to sleep like some cosmic veterinarians.
We cannot keep saving the world for nothing, friends.
You think this church runs on air? Nay, nay!
Does it run on honey? No, it runs on money!
Money!
You must entrust to Bob that which is Bob's.
And, uh, I mean, uh, friends, you have to pay taxes.
You have to listen to disgusting ads.
But you don't have to pay K-N-O-N.
K-N-O-N gives you the choice.
Now, don't you think it's time to help out
an old buddy who's been harassed by bullies in high places?
So call 823-749-0828-9500.
It's down to my last minute.
This is, uh, I've just about had it.
I've got to give up.
We haven't reached anywhere near the goal,
but I'm just going to have to stop right now.
It's my one hour to try to raise some money,
and you think, oh, I'll just do it later.
I'll call back some other time.
They just don't care a bit.
In dreams, I walk with you.
I wish it weren't just dreams.
In dreams, friends, that's all we get to do now.
In dreams, you'll get to listen to the hour of slack.
In dreams, you'll get to hear Bob's word,
but not in reality, nay.
In dreams, you're mine.
All of the time.
You're still listening to the K-N-O-N 90.9 FM
in Dallas, Texas, in dreams.
In dreams.
Robert Wisdom is here. I'm going to get off.
I'm going to let him have a chat.
I hope he has better luck than me.
I certainly hope he does.
Just before the dawn, I'm going to wake,
and you'll have already been gone.
I can't help it.
I can't help it if I cry!
I can't help it.
I can't help it if I cry!
I can't help it if I cry!
I remember that you said goodbye.
To plan all these dreams.
And only have you.
To dream my dreams.
All of them in dreams.
And in my dreams.
And in my dreams.
