It was in the year of 1982 that spacemen first discovered the great galactic barrier.
In the past ten years, rocket travel to the moon and the mirror planets had become commonplace.
And yet, the explorers refused to admit defeat.
It was on June the 2nd, 1987, that the rocket Starcloud made ready for takeoff.
Now hear this! Now hear this!
The Self Genius! Our own self!
Don't bother me for a while, I'm busy!
Stupid idiot.
We'll have to reintegrate the whole works!
Prepare to blast off.
Four, three, zero.
Fire up number one cyclotron.
Number one ready.
Fire up number two.
Number two ready.
I think that's rubbish.
What do you think?
Oh, I think it's terrible.
At least it won't be boring.
God, this is weird.
We'll do it anyway.
Friends, welcome to the Starwood 39.5 Subgenius Devival.
But before we get started,
I hope that we can all kind of bow our heads
and have a respectful, sober moment of sacred noise!
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-
Yes, friends, thanks for coming.
Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity.
Said someone named Simone Wheel.
You're very generous to pay attention to me.
I'm just assuming that you are.
Probably half of you smoking reefers and stuff.
I can't do this from my giant pulpit
because we left that in storage at Wisteria
with that shipping container that we share with our sister cult, Ace.
So it's just my desk.
But I've got the same video projection in the background.
We're...
We're in deepest rural north central Texas
on a goat ranch just outside of a really small,
weird Twin Peaks-like town called Glen Rose.
But I've been at Starwood.
I've actually been attending, like I do in regular Starwoods,
lurking in that my wife has had it on
right behind me on the other side of the room.
Princess Wee has been hosting things at Starwoods
and going to workshops and stuff.
So I've heard a whole bunch of those, a whole lot of it.
It's been kind of fun.
It's strangely realistic, isn't it?
We had that experience at the Virtual X Day.
It's like the standing around in the middle of the road talking
part of the festival, which is really, I think, everybody's favorite part.
Sitting around the campfires and talking.
I mean, the music shows and presentations are fun,
but really, I think what everybody's really paying for is,
is to see their friends.
And you can do that without the sweating and the ticks.
The Matrix isn't that bad, I guess.
You can still have that lobster dinner in the Matrix.
And it's great to be at the almost 40th Starwood,
the weirdest Starwood because of the lack of sweating and mud.
Maybe some of you guys have mud.
We have the heat.
All I've got to do is open the window,
and it's going to be 103 degrees in here,
just like the real Starwood.
It's also, by the way, friends,
this is the 40th anniversary of the Church of the Subgenius beginning outreach,
the first public reveal of Church of the Subgenius.
We printed the first pamphlet in January of 1980.
So it's 40 years for Starwood, 40 years for Church of the Subgenius,
and I believe 40 years for Burning Man,
which also started at the same time as a weird little party.
God, when I was 10 years old,
I couldn't believe how long it took to get to be 10 years old.
And now I can't believe how quickly I reached 66.
In fact, it seems a little faster than the first 10 years.
And we're still doing X-Day.
This year we had to rupture in place, friends.
Our original plan was to have it on a cruise ship,
but we couldn't book one in time.
It would have been packed.
It would have been perfect.
The cruise ship X-Day.
What a concept.
But instead we provided a fully expense-paid trip to X-Day
right in your own home.
We let a thousand little X-Days bloom.
Because we know that if we,
we who joined the Church formally with that little $35 stipend,
that therefore the men from Planet X have our money.
We have our addresses.
I certainly have everybody's address.
So despite the COVID and everything,
we laughed till our lungs bled anyway.
Isn't that charming?
We even managed to have a big burning bob.
At X-Day's usually we don't have a giant bonfire like Starwood.
In fact, we don't really know the secret of fire.
We are reliant on the pagans to start.
But this time we had a full life-size,
very realistic Dobbs dummy nailed to a huge wooden icon
surrounded by little funny signs that were put together by Hypercube.
And explosions.
Man, when he set that thing on fire,
there were explosions and huge flames.
And it wasn't until I saw his home movies the next day
that I realized it was a miniature set.
It was a skillfully done miniature using forced perspective to make it.
It fooled me.
Of course, I'm, you know, we didn't call it Church of the Genius.
Anyway, friends, Bob preaches Slack and he leads by example,
which is why he's not here.
And I'm the one who has to work.
But besides preaching Slack, he also provided warnings.
He's been warning us that all this was going to happen since 1953.
In fact, his most succinct and true prophecy was,
it's going to be a bummer, man.
Bob said in 1953, it's going to be a bummer, man.
Can anyone argue with that?
I mean, aside from the fact that everybody says, dude, I mean, bro, bro, whatever nowadays,
instead of man.
And in the interim, every year we thought it couldn't get any worse.
You know, Nixon.
Oh, God, couldn't get any worse than this.
Reagan, the Reagan years.
Most corrupt administration.
Almost everybody he hired went to jail.
Oh, God, couldn't get any worse than this.
Then Emperor Bush the first.
Then the other Bush.
And I'm like, oh, God.
Some people would have to gripe about poor old Carter and poor old Clinton and Obama.
Poor sad things.
But couldn't possibly get any.
And now in 2019, a whole lot of us, I heard this all the time last year.
Oh, man, this has been a horrible year.
It's because a lot of our friends died or had tragedies.
And we're going, 2020 is going to be so much better.
Oh, it's going to be great.
Can't possibly get any worse than this.
Now we're at the point where we can almost honestly say, oh, it can't get any worse than this.
I'm afraid old Bob's got a few things up his sleeve yet to come, friends.
You better be ready.
Just as the birds were the only dinosaurs to survive the Cretaceous extinction event,
it kind of figures that the survivors of our current extinction event,
the ones that will evolve into the next tool users,
screw up the world again,
would be buzzards.
The carrion eaters.
Vultures.
That's the next civilization.
The last humans, of course, will be morticians and grave diggers.
But the buzzards will still be around after them.
So, as Bob said for the first time last week,
it sucks to be born every minute.
As Bizarro Bob said,
all subgeniuses everywhere always get everything they want.
But that was Bizarro Bob.
Bizarro Bob hates slack.
So, yeah, the world's in horrible shape,
and everybody's scared as hell,
and it's in times like these that the Church of the Subgenius makes really pretty good money.
When we announced that our t-shirts could be used like that,
all of a sudden,
we ran out of t-shirts.
And then the t-shirt guy, Reverend Thaddeus,
started making bandanas.
He was able to make bandanas like that one.
And, oh, God, we just suddenly were rolling in it.
Isn't that ironic, you know?
They're flying off the shelves,
and we're saving like five to eight souls a day buying memberships.
But, as Bob also said in the pre-scriptures,
there will be a long and hard time of false slack for the masses.
Now, I got to thinking about Bob's prophecies,
and it's been a long time since I looked at the Dateline for Dominance in Book of the Subgenius.
And this morning I got it out,
because I used to think, well, these weren't very accurate.
It seemed we didn't have the years right,
and a lot of the things that we predicted didn't happen that we know of.
But, I was shocked to see just how accurate they are for this year.
These were all written down in 1981, okay, or 82,
when the first edition of Book of the Subgenius came out.
These are all predictions from that time.
Creationism and school prayer upheld in major court decision as legitimate science.
That seemed like science fiction back then, didn't it?
Highest unemployment rate in U.S. history under Prez clone.
False slack.
That's just the very beginning. It gets sweatier here.
President Watt commits racial slurs against Jews, blacks, other mutants.
Impeached.
President Watt.
Just only the name was wrong.
What the f*** happened there?
Econocataclysm worsens.
This one's a little late.
Black rogue subgenius runs for president.
Embarrasses conspiracy.
I guess that one happened a while back.
Full frontal drugs and nudity featured in top detective TV shows.
That's been going on for years now.
But it all seemed impossible in the 80s.
Reagan Prez clone re-elected ends all aid to poor.
Mines harbors of non-American countries.
A pink black woman almost becomes vice president but is discredited when it's revealed that she posed nude for Penthouse.
Severe toxic waste crisis in U.S.
adds to decimation of citizen trust in government.
Prez clone uses pop fantasy movie catch phrases to describe insane space defense program.
We were ahead of our time, baby.
Well, Bob was.
America suffers massive economic collapse.
Although it is called a drug porn era.
Crackdown.
Prez clone conditions public with all-American He-Man characters in media.
Then bombs Mid-East City and thus squelches terrifying reports on acid rain growing ozone layer hole.
Well, this is actually kind of, some of this is old news.
It's all illustrated, you see.
Gotta keep it moving or the bobs will eat it.
Civilization literally falling apart.
That was predicted for 1988.
A third sex is added to the human race.
Boy, I guess we had no idea how many more there were than three.
American voters deliberately install all-powerful dictator as last hope for restoring order.
Plague created by recombinant DNA research.
Decimates 10% of world population.
Civilized people losing faith in modern medicine.
Traveling medicine shows hawking wonder drugs.
Miracle cures.
Psychic healing.
Replaced scientific medicine.
Synthetic food wars.
We didn't even know the term GMO back then.
Much less Wonder Burger or whatever it is.
The American dictator is now identified by the church as the anti-bob.
Bulletproof robots run most convenience stores.
Average human lifespan is now figured at 40 years.
If you average in the, or winning COVID rates, that may be true.
20% of US population now considered clinically insane.
Actually, it's more like 36%.
Ozone layer depleted.
Earth unshielded from harmful radiation.
Greenhouse effect begins to accelerate.
Average world temperature up 15 degrees.
Life on Earth stands a very good chance of being wiped out.
And that's just without X-Day.
Return of the 7-day work week and 14-hour work day.
Also known as work at home.
What we now call lunatic fringe kooks account for 43% of the US population.
Oh, okay, that caught up.
The Fifth Civil War.
Abnormals versus normals.
Glaciers start melting.
Drought, mutation, environmental problems, and pestilence.
Worse than already critical world famine.
Anti-bob now runs global congress, lording it over all aspects of ruined planet.
Terrorist tourism fad for the rich.
School teachers now regularly tortured in school by students.
Plague of mutant insects.
Murder wasps, anyone?
So, oh, drug abuse religions cropping up.
So there you go, friends.
It's all here in the book of the subgenius.
On sale at our swag table over there.
Just go see Princess Weir, Steve Siddic...
Oh, wait.
No, subgenius.com.
Our swag table.
It's air conditioned.
All right.
Now, I'll tell the story of how I infiltrated the profile movement.
And I'm kind of surprised they haven't copped that name yet.
I made that up.
I was thinking...
Well, it came in the course of this report, actually.
To infiltrate profile, all I had to do was move to this small rural Texas town and get on the local Facebook pages.
Which I really used to like.
At first, I mean, a couple of years ago, the Facebook page for Glen Rose, Texas was mostly,
Here's my dog.
He's lost.
If anybody sees him, can you return him?
Or pictures of dogs saying, hey, we found this dog on our property.
Whose dog is this?
It always had a happy ending.
The dog always got found.
I helped find a dog.
And menus of the little restaurants and things around here.
It was about the best place to get...
What was that explosion?
You couldn't...
They wouldn't tell you on the news or the radio.
You'd ask on Facebook.
Oh, it's just over there.
Oh, it's just over there.
The dirt factory there, they had a little accident.
It's okay.
This is a very, very, very conservative, pretty small town.
It is actually a tourist destination, but otherwise it's pretty out of the way.
Now, my Facebook friends are mostly...
I don't want to use that word again.
Well, liberals.
Or, you know, whatever.
Not exactly pro-fa or anti-fa either, necessarily.
Well, actually, that's just philosophy, right?
It's not really a...
Where's the anti-fa P.O. box?
Who's the Bob of anti-fa?
They don't even have a face like Anonymous does.
You know, at least Anonymous has a face.
We have a face.
You know, it's a face-based religion.
But then there's...
There's the local Facebook page, and that's where you get a window into the more provincial side.
You see, I'm trying to be polite.
I could say redneck, but my neck's about half red, and people think of that as an insulting term.
And maybe some rednecks feel it is, but I hear them say it all the time, you know.
But...
I'm trying to avoid certain terms.
Bunch of f**king pigs out there.
Normals.
Barbies and Kens.
Cage dwellers.
If I can use those words.
They're Bob's approved.
Anyway, a 15-year-old girl announced on the local Facebook page that she was going to host a BLM rally in this tiny little town.
The locals instantly went rabid.
Foaming at the mouth.
Jumping at the mouth.
Going up and down.
On Facebook.
This is the friendliest place.
You drive through town, stop at a convenience store.
A city person would be suspicious because everybody's so friendly.
And they'd be friendly, you know, if you're black, whatever, Asian.
As long as you're not wearing a hope and change button.
And even then, the worst thing that happened was they might grunt a little bit.
But they'd still help you change attire.
These same people.
When they heard there was going to be a BLM thing here.
Their first thing was, what's the point?
There's no black people here.
Actually, there's probably about five families.
But they literally threatened to show up with weapons and bikers.
You know, I'm going to call my biker friends.
We're going to have all our weapons down here.
We're going to stop the paid anti-fah hordes.
They're going to bus in from Dallas with bricks and firebombs.
Because the anti-fah pays people.
To come through to the small towns and destroy our good old American pie culture.
They really believe this because they see those badly photoshopped fake ads that they send to each other.
With the help, no doubt, of the Russians and Chinese.
And I've seen those badly photoshopped.
You know, $200 a day to come throw bricks in this small town.
You know, call this man.
This number, anti-fah.
Another one that was really popular that I saw on our local Facebook page was,
anti-fah to invade Sturgis Bike Rally.
They believed this!
Oh, and they got so, oh, you know, righteous indignation.
Let me say that.
Take two.
Righteous indignation is the marijuana of 2020.
Butthurt is a powerful drug.
I think Nikki Deathchick said that.
Ironic considering.
And the other thing is, the locals honestly were going,
There's no Democrats in Glen Rose?
That's not allowed.
There's actually at least 200.
And I've met some of them.
Quite a few of them.
Well, I went to that BLM rally.
Yeah, they, anyway, it scared the 15-year-old girl into calling it off.
There were so many bullies on Facebook doing, you know,
So you don't think cop lives matter?
You don't think white lives matter?
Why do you bring hate of your own kind to this nice little town?
We'll show you hate.
You know, and so the girl's parents,
dropped the whole thing, called it off.
The Greta Thunberg of Glen Rose, I called her.
I really admired that kid.
We ended up getting to meet her, too,
because somebody else decided to do the BLM thing anyway.
They got a permit for a Saturday in the town square.
And you can envision a really traditional old town square,
sort of like the one in Back to the Future, but smaller.
Oh, the pro-fa people were so certain
that every storefront window was going to be shattered
and the tourists would never come back here again
to see the Creationist Museum.
And everybody was going to get COVID
because of the Dallas people that were being bussed in.
Even though COVID is a hoax, it's just a media hoax,
to, you know, make the president,
the president, to make the president look dumb!
Ugh.
Oh, and what upset him almost the most was,
because of COVID, the public restrooms were going to be locked.
Oh, my God, you'd think they couldn't get a haircut.
As if anybody ever used the public restroom in the town square.
They viewed that as the real harbinger of a Democratic coup.
Locking the public restrooms.
Oh, and the bullies and vigilantes announced
that they were going to have a prayer meeting for policemen
the morning before this rally.
And I went down there to see that prayer meeting,
and there wasn't anybody there!
It was all, they didn't even bother, you know.
So, there was going to be a meeting in Glen Rose.
Now, there's been violence in small towns,
particularly, I'm thinking,
that little town in Ohio,
where people with guns showed up and actually attacked
teenagers and little old ladies,
while the cops stood by.
And so I thought, well,
just because of those Facebook bullies,
I want to go to this BLM thing.
Plus, I miss Cleveland.
Most of the people I dealt with on a daily basis were black,
and their lives mattered to me.
And for that matter,
if anybody benefited from, indirectly,
but I definitely benefited from slavery.
More so than a lot of people.
I had an uncle who was a senator of South Carolina.
Great, great, great uncle.
Who's not a very great, great uncle.
He was a senator of South Carolina
named Cotton Ed Smith.
It might have helped him.
It might have helped my dad get into Harvard.
So anyway, you know...
I'm sincere about that actually.
Although of course I came up with funny placards
I could take.
No human lives matter.
Smack lives matter.
Or I was gonna get put on makeup
to look like I'd been beaten to a pulp
and have a sign that said,
black and blue lives matter.
All of which I decided were in bad taste.
And the latter one,
Black and Blue Lives Matter, probably both the liberals and the conservatives
would gang up on me. They'd find one reason they could come together and
beat up the smarty pants. At least we got one thing in common. So I went to
the rally. Princess Wee went with me. It was anticlimactic, really. It was 75
masked youths and very attractive ladies and lots of old people, including more
attractive ladies. And I get the impression sometimes that maybe
Democrats have a better diet. Although, to tell the truth, at this particular
Black Lives Matter meeting, I would venture to estimate that at least half
of them were Republican Christians. But real Christians. No, I'm saying
that's a little bit more than that. So, yeah, it's all these old folks and youths
holding signs. And, of course, across the street from the square there were small
groups of unmasked, occasionally hooting and snickering, good old boys with
holding Trump-Pence signs. The most disruptive thing that happened was some
guy in a big loud pickup truck, festooned with Trump-Pence banners, drove around
the town square and started to beat up the people. And I think that's the kind of
thing that happens when you're in the neighborhood, and you're sitting there
three times, honking. But we had, there were sheriff's deputies there and nothing
happened. Nothing really terrible happened. The busload of professional
anti-file looters must have had a flat. Or maybe they surrendered, chickened out,
ran away because all those conservatives promising that they were going to be
there with Second Amendment presence. That's what they call it, Second
Amendment presence. So, you know, for the safety of the people. And, you know, we had a lot of people there.
Who was over in på Fam mocée for a few minutes. But after we Adriana
faced attack. temperature and cranking it out of the
streets. And especially when someone had attacked bou flowers, was Goes down on the street,
replied caffeine free. Saying, there was this kind of disaster every day here with the
EPA. I don't know, Joe? Leo anzim Giant Okay, well, this is, God was going try. We had the reasonable
go up thereavez the answer. I asked every Wednesday on theando crate, Aside from the
up several times, they had to import a black speaker from Arlington. But another
black guy showed up who didn't know that this rally was happening. He works at the
supermarket and I'd seen him, you know, nodded to him several times, joked around
with him a little bit, but he was just driving home through town and he
saw these white people standing in a town square holding Black Lives Matter
signs. And he grabbed the mic, he walked up and started talking. He didn't
grab the mic, he started just talking to everybody. He didn't realize that he had
accidentally started during the eight and a half minute silence. But that was
okay with me because I really wasn't looking forward to that anyway. I get
stiff. But he was just flabbergasted and gave a kind of an
interest in the rally.
And he was just flabbergasted and gave a kind of an interest in the rally. And he


afterwards, the profile people got on Facebook and lied and lied. Oh, there's
only a dozen people there. And none of them wore masks. Just, the truth never
really fits their childish agendas because the complex is not really as
simple as they are. I'm sorry. The complex is complex and some of us like
it that way. Now the other war that's going on in this town, well, the
profile people sounded, on Facebook, sounded really disappointed that the
promised Civil War never happened. And they never got to use their Second
Amendment presence. They tell each other that no Democrat has a gun. And I'm not
wrong. Anyone from Nexton runs a gun. And the colored sensitive person has the
gun. That's really cool. And someone else I know from rcs, his Grant


am.
Probably.
there you go. Now we've also got in this town people are really opposed to wearing masks.
They're finally starting to believe maybe the COVID's real although they keep having second-hand
reports of empty hospitals. It's like oh I keep the media media keep saying Texas hospitals they
don't even have an emergency room therefore I drive by the hospital and there wasn't even a car in the
parking lot. You know it's just the anecdotal crap that they teach each other and you know the
masks they honestly believe that the masks are just a tool to soften us up and get us obeying
the deep state world government child molesting rulers so that when Bill Gates starts selling his
vaccine we'll all
fall for it and be turned into autistic slaves you know or something. And the mask is the mark of the
beast. Mask of the beast. Frankly friends I think those folks got the mark of the beast on them when
they joined Facebook. And I'm going to read from a science fiction book that's
called The Fall of the

I hope is in fact science fiction.
It's Fall by Neil Stevenson. The great Neil Stevenson. I'm so jealous of him I want to cut his fingers off so he can't write anymore.
Because he's so good.
Anyway this part of this book takes place in a real world world.


This really divided America. This divided into blue states which are really just big cities and Ameristan.
Ameristan starts about when you get to the first Walmart in your town. We don't even have a Walmart here.
And I'm going to read a few little excerpts from this because it gets into something about where the Internet might be going.
That is quite scary.
Look at this!
So characters...
They're talking about what happens when rural people have to get sick.
Uh you know they have to go to a big town like Iowa City
Where the big hospital is.
Like another country to them
But they have to go there when they get sick like to get a melanoma whacked off of whatever.
They can't afford Blue St leukosomal vaccine
hotel rooms or food, so they have to camp out on the periphery and cook over propane burners under
tarps. And somebody else says something about dentistry. Our friend Ted here has normal people
teeth because he's old and grew up before this part of the world got Facebooked. After that,
the people with education fled to places like Ames, Des Moines, Iowa City, which includes dentists.
A few mainline churches used to run charity dental clinics where you could get a bad tooth pulled
or whatever, but those are being chased away by these people, indicating the giant cross
outside town with people crucified on it. Do they ever cross the river? When they get desperate or
some meme convinces them it's a good idea, they follow these weird edit streams. No one
knows where they come from. I looked at one of them once. I thought it would be conspiracy theory
stuff, but it wasn't even coherent enough to be called that. Yeah, the whole point of a conspiracy
theory is that it offers a kind of false coherence. But what I saw didn't even rise to that standard.
Didn't even know about it. It was just plain weird. Algorithmically generated mishmash images,
sounds, no sense to it at all.
Just whatever worked, you know, in the sense of getting the viewer to watch a little more.
They use eye tracking so you don't even have to click. But every so often, whoever's behind
it, whoever generates the stream, assuming it's a human anywhere in that loop, will put
it into the minds of these people and then bad things can happen. And they try to cross
a bridge, but it's been all shot up.
The infrastructure is damaged real bad. Their fathers believed the people in the cities
actually gave a shit enough about them to want to come and take their guns and other
property. So they put money they didn't really have into stockpiling trillions of rounds
and hunkered down waiting for the elites to come confiscate their stuff. There's no use
for any of it. So they come here sometimes and vote with bullets. Just shooting at bridges.
Here's a really scary part about the nonsense internet that these rural people have lost
their minds to.
The guy says, bronze age Shepherds may have been one step above cavemen, but at least
they were reality based.
Very much so and that goes on being more or less true for quite a while. Now theater and
later movies eventually got us into the realm of shared hallucinations.
but those are neatly boxed in space and time, and there's a ceremony to them.
He's basically saying it's only since wireless networks got fast enough to stream pictures to portable devices
that everything changed and enabled each individual to live 24-7 in their own personalized hallucination stream.
And if you're still tied to reality by family or some kind of regularizing influence in your life, like having a job,
then you've got a fighting chance.
But these people, each person out there is getting their own personalized stream of algorithmically generated alternate reality
that is locked in a feedback loop with their pulse, blink right, and so on.
You're not going to get very far.
You are trying to get one of these people to tear his attention away from that
so you can relate a story about some guy 2,000 years ago feeding a large number of people with a few loaves and fishes.
And, yeah, it's Fall by Neil Stevenson.
I'm watching that happen on my local small town Facebook page.
So, where's my...
What time is it?
Oh my gosh!
I'm going to wrap this stuff up.
It's not just right-wingers, of course.
I get lots of letters from wokies that consider me to be a sexist, fascist right-winger
because I didn't hate that one guy they hate as much as I was supposed to hate him.
So they hate me even more.
Pink Facebook subgeniuses who can't even spell Bob.
Bob Wright.
And, of course, they're shift-key challenged, so the quote marks are really onerous for them.
But subginos, we call them.
Subgenius in name only.
We thought the internet, the world brain, would make everyone...
It would be like free education for everybody.
And it is for some of us, but it also just makes dumb people dumber.
It's controversial.
Information bias.
Anyway, this is where I would normally mock the funny names of Starwood workshops
that could be taken two different ways, but there weren't any.
They were all pretty straightforward.
And I had more wonderful quotes that I could read.
I'm sure a lot of Starwood people have read good...
Good?



Good Omens by...
It's not working.
Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman wrote this book, Good Omens.
It has this wonderful bit about witches that's hilarious.
But...
And a wonderful thing about aliens.
In fact, I've got to do a little bit...
This is how the aliens see us.
This guy actually gets pulled over by...
A flying saucer.
An alien cop gets out with, like, cool hand Luke shades on.
And says, is this your planet, is it?
I've got to do this in kind of British accent.
Well, yes, I suppose it is.
Had it long, have we?
Oh, not personally.
I mean, as a species, about half a million years, I think.
Uh-huh.
Been letting the old acid rain build up a bit, have we?
We, sir.
Been letting ourselves go.
A bit with the old hydrocarbons, perhaps?
I'm sorry.
Could you tell me your planet's albedo, sir?
Uh, no.
I'm sorry to have to tell you, sir, that your polar ice caps are below regulation size for a planet of this category.
Oh, dear.
We'll overlook it on this occasion, sir.
Oh, I'll see to it.
I mean, I say I.
I think Antarctica belongs to everyone or something like that.
But the alien shook its head vaguely, turned around,
and waddled back.
To the saucer.
Thank you.
The small alien walked past the car.
CO2 level up 0.5%, it rasped,
giving him a meaningful look.
You do know that you could find yourself charged with being a dominant species
while under the influence of impulse-driven capitalism, don't you?
Then they fly away.
And I had an even better thing, but it's too long.
Some of the beach torn from rocks trproducts cannot be used in the ocean water,
because they both exist.
illa
fiction book and it's wonderful and and we're very very small fish in a really
big nasty pond but the descriptions of it are great but we'll just have to wait
for the next Starwood and I was ready to do a mass marriage I guess I still can
that's sort of sort of traditional I can't actually see all the couples but
we're all going to be married after this I'll shorten it down to and this
just a 24 hours so it's only gonna last until this time tomorrow do you insert
name here take this whatever it is insert name here to be your lawful
wedded whatever in short duration subgenius matrimony to have and to hold
in fact to do just about damn near anything you each year it agrees to do
for richer or poorer in sickness and kinkiness but for the next 24 hours
together.
For whatever sick and twisted but no less blessed reasons for the next say I
do I do I could hear some of them and then you get out the ring or the temple
of Devoe if you don't have a ring and do that and you must now all kiss each
other and if you don't you make a mockery of the sacred tradition of
marriage there.
That's done.
Oh two bits of news on my YouTube page friends I finally learned how to do
playlists and I made a Starwood playlist including the 1990 Starwood
it's really short but I surreptitiously took some videos there and yes there's a



krit Denise
enough coverage and you can't see it but sometimes when everybody's dead.




it'll be interesting. So, and it shouldn't be long, according to the news. Anyway, so we can do a quick Q&A now.
For what, how long do we have, Princess? Ten minutes or so? This would be the first time that I can actually hear the questions without people translating.
Reverend Stein, how would you like to do that? Do you want all the microphones turned on at once, or do you just want...
No, we should do them one at a time. One at a time? Yeah, let people unmute themselves.
Yeah, well, yeah, that would be, maybe that would be a good idea, is to let people unmute themselves or raise a hand or something, their raise your hand button or some such.
Oh, the other news I was going to say, okay, my YouTube, just go to subgenius.com, it's easy to find, and you'll have to scroll for my Starwood playlist.
But just under the playlist, there's a Starwood.
There's a Starwood one, there's a subgenius one, and a kitty cat's one. Most people like the cat's one best.
Oh, here's a question from McCartney and Jennifer.
Paul McCartney, I thought you were dead.
Second Amendment presence.
Does that mean they're bringing guns for Antifa?
Yes, Second Amendment presence.
Means guns.
And it's kind of a pointless threat.
In rural farm country, everybody's packing.
They always have been. It was always legal.
They recently, Texas legalized open carry, but only the most insecure numbskulls walk around with a six-gun showing.
It's just stupid on account of...
Everybody's got either a rifle on the back of their pickup.
My mom and my sister always had a handgun under the seat for shooting snakes, if nothing else.
But I mean, seriously.
So that's not surprising.
But yeah, that's a code.
Second Amendment presence, that's code for we're going to be there with our guns and scare you libtards.
Oops, I said it.
That was the word I wasn't going to use.
No, I really shouldn't.
That's...
But it's kind of...
I'm appropriating it from them.
You know, that's...
I've been called that name indirectly so many times.
It was kind of like, you know, I just appropriated it.
But then I kind of remembered, well, it still got tarred in it.
Penny Godwin, what is the best way to contact you?
Subgenius.com.
Contacts page.
It's got my phone number.
Where it says the office phone number, that's the one on my hip.
Nobody ever calls.
Except crazy people.
The best way is staying at Subgenius.com.
I've had that same email address for...
since the last century.
Staying at Subgenius.com.
Easy, quick.
I don't have to struggle to hear on the phone.
I'm kind of deaf, you see.
There's got to be more questions.
Princess Wee, you took your question writing page away.
My better half is on the other side of the room.
Actually, I could turn this background off.
It's not showing Bob anymore.
I could show our...
I could show Stang Ranch.
This is our cult compound.
Actually, that right there is just an old horse barn.
There's the cult compound.
Yeah.
There's the weird looking rocks.
That's actually in town.
That's actually in town.
That's not on our property.
So is that ruin there.
Then after that, it starts showing Stang Ranch.
There's the old buzzard's roost.
And the goat pasture.
And the Frankenstein's hay barn.
Yeah, your barn needs a little work.
That's our house.
What do you recommend is the best way to storm the gates?
What was that?
What's the best way to storm the gates?
We may have to all pile on Washington, D.C. and take down the wall.
You don't have to storm the gates.
You can come to see our destructionist evidence museum that I'm forming.
In fact, it showed one of our devil skeletons in the background on that slide show there.
We have a...



We have fossils.
There's a lot of fossils here.
It's dinosaur track country.
We actually have dinosaur tracks.
We also have very rare ghost dinosaur tracks.
The tracks of ghost dinosaurs.
We found the skeleton of two cave subgeniuses.
We call those Adam and Eve, although it's really Adam and Steve.
And we have an alien, a crashed gray alien that must have died.
Died in the Cretaceous period.
All of these things are about 100,000 years old.
So here's a dinosaur.
There's a dinosaur at Valley State Park is nearby.
And there really is a creationist museum.
And it is hilarious.
I was afraid to go to the creationist museum for so long like a vampire in church, you know.
But an atheist friend of ours convinced me to go.
And I'm...
It was well worth the $14.
I have...
I still just chuckle thinking about those fake mantras.
Who are you voting for?
Oh, that's a personal question.
Yvonne wants to know.
Well, I mean, my friend Vermin Supreme is listening.
So, you know, I mean, just what am I going to say?
I can't say.
I can't say.
Where is my Vermin Supreme pen?
That's right.
You can't show anything off here.
However.
If I decide that I'm throwing away a vote, I might change my mind.
I was the one guy that thought George W. Bush couldn't possibly get reelected.
So I voted third party.
So it was my fault.
Because he won by one vote.
Yeah, don't waste it, man.
2015.
I stood at Starwood and told y'all.
Don't be sure.
I'm sure that...
What's her name?
Is going to win.
I've been monitoring the right wing.
It's an unhealthy hobby.
I've been monitoring it my whole life.
I kind of grew up kind of in it.
And...
And I had a sinking feeling that we'd get a big surprise in the election.
2016.
I told you.
I tried to warn you.
There are people out there that never voted in their lives that voted in that election.
Most of them don't know how to read.
Didn't know what voting was.
But they got each other all worked up.
Yes, they did.
The Chinese and Russian stuff about the criminal Clintons didn't help either.
They probably all are criminals.
But they're not guilty of what they say they're guilty of.
They can get them from stuff they are guilty of.
Exactly.
So...
Yeah, those conspiracy theories.
Who are you voting for?
Brutal.
Bob!
Don't blame me!
I voted for Bob!
Actually, you can buy a button from our Cafe Press store.
It's the Don't Blame Me, I Voted for Bob button.
The problem is, if you did vote for Bob last time, I'm sorry.
I blame you.
I wouldn't do a thing like that.
We've got Vermin Supreme!
He's much more visible than Bob.
I was hoping that...
I was glad that we didn't need Vermin's help at crowd control when we had the small town BLM rally.
All the pictures in the background, by the way, are dream scoped pictures of the ranch and the family.
There's our devil skeleton.
That one's more recent.
That's a fairly recent devil skeleton.
It's not fossilized.
That's a fossil.
So, friends...
Am I supposed to go until 5.15?
Yeah, until 5.15.
Eric Schneider would like to know, what is the proper way to sacrifice our children by sending them to school in the fall as mandated?
What is the best way to sacrifice our children?
Yeah, what should they wear?
By sending them to school in the fall?
School in the fall, as mandated?
Well, I'm glad I don't have to worry about that personally.
But I certainly do indirectly, because I've got three grandsons in Dallas, which right now is a hot, you know, it's a real hot spot.
And my daughter announced on Facebook that the kids, her kids, will not be going back to school.
They're sad, because they love school.
But, um...
She's not going to do that.
I'm sure there's lots of...
I'm sure there's lots of...
God, that's a tough decision, man.
That's a really hard thing.
Hi, y'all.
Oh, I can put this on...
On a gallery view.
Oh, my God, I can see everybody now!
Whoa, it's just like being at Starwood!
Yay!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ah!
Huh!
That's wonderful.
I think...
I see Tommy Amoeba.
It was actually over...
It's supposed to be over at 5, but Mandy wants to know that.
Mandy wants to know, are the subgeniuses organizing the Amish like the Republicans did?
Well, you know, that's actually not a bad idea, because if you think about it, if there was...
Or I should say, when there's some horrible, gigantic disaster,
and all the electronics are fried...
A solar flare could do that, actually.
There won't be anybody left after 25 years except for Amish and bikers.
And 25 years after that, there won't be any...
Everybody in America will be biker Amish.
So there you go.
We probably should recruit more Amish.
We did...
I didn't know one...
There is one Amish guy.
He's not just an Amish subgenius.
He's also a stand-up comic.
He's called the Amish...
The Amish Comic.
Uh...
He's real...
Strangely enough, he's really funny.
That's right.
We don't have Amish around here.
We have Mennonites.
My shed was built by Mennonites.
Hmm.
Sturdy, sturdy work.
Fine work.
And they get the best amphetamines, I hear.
So, uh...
Yeah.
Here we are in the Matrix.
It's not so bad.
Like I said, the main thing...
My favorite thing about Starwood is standing around chatting, you know.
To see people you don't see very often.
You never...
You don't get to know them well enough to dislike them at all.
Jeff McBride's show is starting now, so people are starting to take out...
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Is he doing magic?
Or just talking about it?
It has been magic.

Oh, okay.
I drove him to Starwood, uh...
Well, I guess the last time he was there.
All the way...
For some reason, he got flown into Cleveland or something like that.
It was a long trip.
So we got to chat a whole lot.
And for about an hour, he sat and did card things with his hands.
He said every day, no matter where he is, for a certain amount of time, he just does
this thing with his hands and a bunch of cards.
It's just a bunch of cards.



It's a blur.
You know, I could barely see what was going on.
Maybe he was having a conversation the whole time.
Yeah, you have to keep the muscle memory working and, uh...
Yeah, you keep your hands deck style.
It's pretty impressive to watch a magician do that.
Oh, you have to stay in practice?
Yeah.
That's why I'm having so much trouble masturbating now, I guess.
I'm just...
I'm not getting enough hours in.
Yeah.
If I did that for an hour every day, I'd be as good as Magnus at playing cards.
Dang.
There you go.
Thank you very much for your wisdom.
Oh, and how do I end these things?
Oh, yeah.
Repent.
Quit your job.
Slack off.
Praise Bob.
Question authority.
Or else.
And if they cannot see the humor of it, let them mount up upon themselves.
So y'all go see Magnus.
Thank you very much for coming and attending and being remarkably quiet the whole time.
That's really funny now.
You can have that when the mics are turned off.
Now I'm going to go do the other stuff that you do at Starwood when you're not working,
when you don't have to do a show in front of people.
When you're not on the show.
When you're not on camera.
Yeah.
Yeah, when you're not on camera.
And you know what that is?
Walk the dogs.
Praise Bob.
Dogs need walks.
Tell Magnus hello for me.
Ah-ooh-ga.
Ah-ooh-ga.
Mandy is licking you.
