Are We Recording?
Everything's going fine.
Are We Recording?
Recording
Everything's going fine.
recording everything's going fine everything's going
hey if you don't call it jane's gonna hear no music now you want to all go home or what
the
so we're gonna build this radio with this instruction right now yeah
yeah
here's a guy looks like house your brother
well that's it for the radio jack and or something no it's a little piano flights
of five and you get the little screwdriver
Wow computer people don't do that they'll get out your crew don't get a
screwdriver with your computer the crystal station music and speech are
rolled up by a microphone which turns the sounds into a little hook it up with
radio wire and respond exactly to the pattern of the original sound
I'm okay I don't have my radio station ultra-transmitter another electric
current is being produced by a device called an oscillator this current known
as ancient old old continually changes in the direction of low hip bone it
follows in one direction is about a million technology it could be said to
have a frequency of about a million or a megahertz it's in here and you have to
make it
also at the trance of man in this town poll
the old year combined for the AC from the oscillator the fact that the
conspiracy continually pushes false slack in your face means that somewhere
in the world there is real slack now how do you find your own slack it's so easy
you follow the path of least resistance that's what Bob does he serves the luck
plane
like if you ever had luck luck luck is a physical particles and you can attract
those like a magnet if you were Bob Bob left a legacy of lifelong ministry to
students as former president of Bob University today we hear a message the
message is titled person at the Iowa and is based on spl einrows and I get denied
earth or 133 tonight I'm gonna give you a chronic you'd like to do a chronic word
word, it's natural that the chronics should be set down twice. Mighty, mighty beast. This is the
power in which you'll go up and, oh, it's fat like slack. That's why they're slackmatics. Well,
won't you try to be nice? Don't throw a monkey wrench into the machinery. Listen, young people,
never think you come to Bob University. That man's a real friend. I had a boy say to me once years
ago, Bob, you like a weapon taken out of its scabbard, unsheathed and sharp. You have to
handle it carefully. Young people, one thing is very sure. A whale's a mammal. Isn't it strange?
Gobbledygook rests against the very breast of a bathing princess. Have you quit beating him?
Answer yes or no. You have been beating him. My friend, David, boy, shaft, and it goes in,
down your throat, slack, frothing at the mouth, and blows up.
You do what you do because you want to.
I do what you do because Bob told me to.
Okay, I'm going to take a shower just being said that.
You're always taking a shower.
Cleanliness is next to Bob's.
John Wesley.
How come you're so clean? You smell like you're...
I smell like show. I smell like fresh baby show.
Yeah.
Do you guys smell that?
That's fresh baby show.
Oh, sorry about the flies.
Baby show.
Yeah.
I thought you were going to smell a different kind of baby show.
Oh, I didn't say it was a good smell. Sorry.
Yeah.
I just said it was a powerful smell.
Yeah, it's very powerful.
It smells like the smell of rotting flesh.
It smells like rotting...
Like you've been drinking durian fruit and eating dead snakes.
You've never smelled a thing so smelly.
Hello to our friends in Hawaii.
That is the show.
I should go.
Oh.
As ever.
As full of liquid intellect as can possibly be held at one time.
And for those of you...
Bursting with liquid intellect.
Yes, bursting with it.
For those of you who can't handle your burst intellect,
remember there's a doctor on floor three.
He'll take good care of you.
He'll take a good look at those eyes
because you've been seeing some funny things lately.
Dr. Schmaltz?
Is Dr. Schmaltz here?
Dr. Schmaltz is waiting for you.
I... I...
I'm so embarrassed.
I... I...
I don't even know where to start, Dr. Schmaltz.
You... I'm not Dr. Schmaltz.
Just sit down here and the doctor will be with you.
Oh, oh, oh.
All right.
And remember, cross your legs.
Okay.
Cross your eyes.
Okay.
And repeat.
The magic mantra.
I'm on a pod mirror.
Please.
I can't.
This is not a laughing matter.
You make me laugh too much.
I can't repeat the mantra.
This is serious business.
If you want to attain true illumination,
you need to be more than a dim bulb.
Just sit back and listen and repeat.
I'm all nervous.
I'm on a pod mirror.
I can't hear it.
I'm here.
I'm on a pod mirror.
I'm on a pod mirror.
Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop.
I'm on a pod mirror.
I'm on a pod mirror.
I'm on a pod mirror.
Pod mirror.
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Unpredictable, so not alone,
and possess amazing hidden powers of their own.
How many?
How many times have we heard that same old refrain, dear friends?
Often, my friends.
How many times have we done up that frame?
It was Pythagoras who said that Bob offers no clear solution,
but rather no bleak triangle wrapped around a thin, thin candy shell.
A smegnigma.
A smegnigma.
A mystery.
A mysterious mystery.
But we should be glad that there are still some mysteries left in the world,
and every time we hear them, we're going to be in a state of shock.

And we should not.
Everything isn't completely boring yet.
Although I can't guarantee that it won't be soon.
Perhaps immediately.
But we won't be enigmatic in our explanations.
We'll be direct and to the point.
We'll be as clear as we possibly can be.
Like mud.
We'll speak as if we're speaking to babies,
to small children.
We will not hide the truth,
but we will definitely not give you...
a full mouthful.
And we might hide it all plain.
You could die for a full mouthful of that truth, buddy.
Sit back.
Put your diaper back on.
Can you tell, friends, that we're in a new studio?
Can you tell?
Actually, it's the same studio.
It's in a different room yet again.
I can tell.
You know, if you don't have slack, move, baby, move.
And they did.
They moved the station.
This is our first show in here in the new studio since before Exoslake.
Listen, Miss.
I don't know what happened to Dave during that time,
but we went to Stainesville, Texas,
and saw the grand yeti, Dermon.
Yee-haw!
There is at least one new subgenius in the world.
Oh, and we discovered that I have, besides the grandbaby,
there's one other family member I have who listens to this show regularly.
My niece.
Little niece is knobby.
Your little niece.
She's...
My little niece.
She's so cute.
She's only got one eye in the middle of her forehead,
but she's a damn cute little girl.
The only thing that bothered me was that she was a big, lonesome cowboy Dave fan, she said.
She didn't say anything about,
Oh, Uncle Ivan, you're so funny on that show.
You're so insightful.
No, no.
She was talking about Dave.
Oh, yeah, Dave.
She thought Dave was Mr. Cool Guy.
Is that right?
He kept her in the basement for so...
Very...
Very...
Sorry.
Friends, if you're a Dave fan, feel free to let us know.
You can email Dave at stang at subgenius.com.
Is this form of autocratic radio fallacia will not work in the modern era?
No, we've had to change.
We've had to change a lot.
This is a new change.
We can change.
We must change.
We need to change.
We need change.
We need quite a bit of change.
Not that there's a coffee machine in this building.
We're rolling them up.
Yeah, there is no coffee machine.
There's like a free one, except you have to bring your own coffee.
But unfortunately...
In that other office in there.
Yeah.
And since we're on the edge, on the very edge of, you know, the city, you have to bring your own coffin.
Right.
You have to bring...
You've got to bring your own shovel and your own rope.
You've got to bring enough rope to hang yourself with, friends.
And that's what...
That's what the Church of the Subgenius is all about.
Hanging yourself.
Giving you enough rope.
Handing you that shovel.
So, and if you're like most subgeniuses, you'll try to scrape a hole in the ground using the rope.
And then bang yourself on the head with the shovel.
That always worked for me until I realized that not only...
Well, never mind it.
We do help them remove the wool from their own eyes.
Or we help them pull the wool over their own eyes.
I'm sorry.
Numbly down around.
Yes.
Recording.
Yes.
Everything's going fine.
I was so eager to say that.
It was all wrong.
I'm recording.
Everything's going fine.
What's ironic is that we're actually having...
We have a glitchy CD player here, which requires me to manually move it on to the next track
every time there's going to be another track.
And there are going to be some more tracks because we brought some special proof of Bob's popularity
among unoriginal screenwriters.

Shall we say.
We found some movie and show clips that had very definite subgenius lifts, which we will get to those.
And some motifs, not just dialogue or bits and pieces, but some actual motif, which the Reverend Ivan Stang have worked so tirelessly to find.
And yet they have found him now.
Well, that whole show Lost is just based on Dobstown.
Or being found there.
Yeah.
That was all.
That's all based on early subgenius history.
How the church started and so forth.
If you know where to look, you can...
Now, one other chore.
Not a chore.
Why, it's an honor.
An honor.
Yes.
It's a happy slappy thing.
Actually, it is.
Friends, we...
That's quite an honor.
We have to do a reach around, shall we say, politely, for someone who has taken good care of us.
From behind and from...
From the front.
And I'm talking about our executive producer, Reverend Zafod.
Because, friends, this Christmas, Reverend Zafod, he gave.
He gave because he got rich.
He got rich because he surfed the luck plane.
And, friends, he surfed the luck plane because he studied Bob.
He did things right.
He did things right.
First, he became a subgenius in 1982.
Then, he pledged to the Hour of Slack when it went on the air in 1985.
Every pledge drive.
And then he paid.
And then when we filmed that MTV commercial, he took...
He donated 30 lab suits from his job at the DEA as a chemist, which he borrowed without telling anyone about for our MTV thing.
And then when we were shooting it, and I, as director, told everyone,
I told everyone to seek Bob and hold their hand up.
It was Reverend Zafod who said,
They should be holding a wad of cash in their hand.
They should all be holding a dollar when they hiled Bob.
And so, friends, that explains that.
And then you know what he did?
You know what Zafod did?
He gave again.
Oh, my.
He gave and he gave.
He made a Dave Digger of me and of Bob, as opposed to a Dave Gigger, which I guess would be God.
God is the Dave Gigger.
But I dig the giving.
Friends, Bob made Zafod rich.
And now you may ask yourself, why didn't Bob make me rich, Reverend Stang?
Well, friends, it's because you didn't do like Zafod did, now did you?
So give.
You have to give a hoot.
You have to give more than just a hoot.
You have to give an entire...
I can't say it.
Anyway, friends, he donated a lot of money to the church.
And I want you to know that we went out and bought a Nissan GTR for the church.
Those things cost about $100,000.
But you don't want your preacher looking cheap.
You don't want your preacher owning lesser racehorses.
We're going to be racing our horses against Shatner's horses next.
And friends, but we didn't just spend the money on the preacher.
We're going to be racing our horses against Shatner's horses.
There's a new screensaver you can download on subgenius.com.
That's right.
If you go to subgenius.com and look for the downloads or the...
I forget what it's called.
The fun house or the fun something.
For PCs, in the PCs game section, there's something new.
And it's a screensaver.
And actually, it is quite hypnotic.
It's not...
I don't know quite how to describe it.
But you know how our guru or God...
Why Bob's face is made of dots?
Well, this screensaver starts with Bob's face.
And it zooms into one of the dots.
And then inside that dot is another Dob's head.
And then it goes closer to another dot, a different dot.
And inside that dot is another Dob's head and so on.
It's quite a...
Well, it beats the hypnotode.
And it actually sounds a little like the hypnotode.
Friends, how about that?
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you know it all?
Or do you know none of it?
Or are you like me where you know...
Well, my father put it this way.
He says...
He told my son.
He goes, grandson, see, I know everything worth knowing.
Your father knows everything else.
Carl, who are you talking to?
Precisely the way he said it.
You know this woman isn't for you.
Get your hands down.
Come on.
Please.
Get your hands down.
Carl, what have you been talking about for the last half an hour to 20 minutes?
Put your tongue back in your mouth.
Slack, Bob, so on and so forth.
Aren't you going to grow up someday?
Don't you know you've got a 42-year-old child you've got to misbehave with?
You've got a small urchin under your knees, my man.
In my days, if you couldn't pay for the gasoline, you didn't drive the car.
I've heard that urchins scream when you step on them or hurt them.
You don't have to kill them.
Lobsters cry when you boil them.
Do they?
At least on this planet, they do.
In my home world, lobsters are eager to be boiled, much like your Earth people are.
Enjoy like...
Like lemmings.
Yes, that's another mammalian species here.
They enjoy group suicide.
You know, actually, only humans do that.
And cult members.
Lemmings do not actually...
They don't actually commit group suicide.
Disney cameramen throw them off cliffs to create urban legends about lemmings.
But they make for a great metaphor, don't they, about the world of the humans?
No.
And how the humans are on a relentless stampede over the edge of a bottomless pit.
In search of oblivion.
No, they're in search of a big box...
In search of oblivion, per se.
What type of...
That's such a...
Something for nothing.
So for it.
So for it.
And a warm place to...
Live.
Yes.
Friends.
For me, as a friend...
That's what they think they want.
But they're Russian...
And the three nostrils.
Off that...
Not just the Russians, either.
The Americans, too.
The Chinese, everybody.
Rushing into the abyss as fast as they can.
Doesn't it seem that way sometimes?
As if propelled by their own flatulence, you know?
And yet, you know what I've noticed when I don't read the news?
Everybody seems to be having a sort of an okay day.
Oh.
Just a wonderful...
Oddly enough, if you don't read the news,
if you just go over to the supermarket,
chat with the lady behind the counter...
How you doing?
Fine.
While everything's going well.
It's kind of a busy day.
We're doing all right.
You know?
But, you know, I've been hearing lately, Stang,
that there are these errant comments.
You'd be in the store and somebody might say...
Well, not just the guys who go start flapping their arms up and down,
go,
Some of those guys...
I listen to them, but they usually get ejected.
But the guys who say,
I'm going to get some jobs around this damn place.
I'm starving around here.
Oh, the starving jobless people.
Oh, I don't notice them.
Do you notice the people at the particular corners that say,
have the signs that say,
We'll work for food?
No, I don't notice them.
I notice the jolly, hardworking, minimum wage clerks behind the counters.
Can I help you load the car, sir?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I got something on my Walmart 10.
No, with them.
No, because it hurts my heart to see all those people who can't afford to join the church of the subgenius.
That is just the saddest thing.
It is.
It's tragic, actually.
To see what they're missing out of.
I'm going to try...
Now, I wasn't kidding earlier about this funny CD player, it turns out.
You know, we only have the best equipment,
and only the best equipment will do these sorts of tricks.
Like that one.
Anyways.













We're going to look at tongues, and why God used tongues as signs and wonders at the end of tongues.
Uh, why am I not a Tom Heegernick.
Isn't that great?
Tongues?
Tongues.
Tongues.
It's just a word.
Tongues.
Tongues.
Como Thugger are Republicans.
He who controls the tongues controls the universe.
Can the human race continue to deliver these staggering tongues
Without...
arousing. Hi, my name is Bob. I come from the planet Kroiwen, located in the star system
Suna. And I've come to your planet to partake in matters of sexual nature with the females
of your species. And I would like to begin with you, and I believe her.
You're listening to MoneyPit.com. All the way down the shaft, for days, give up solid
logs. That's incredible log, weird log. It was a boobie to make a very short story. Longs
all the way down the shaft. Bacon. You might think this supports the pirate theory. Samples
submitted. Do it. Boobie, boobie, shaft. Over the top. Wood, wood, wood, wood. A farmer was
plowing logs. Excitement log. Sub, sub, sub, sub, G. S. Shaft. Boobie, boobie, boobie.
Deeper, deeper romances and adventures. Tap, tap, tap. Frost's weird friends.
You know it's looking mighty spelt, the way it overhangs.
But here's another beer, since you don't care. It's about the princess way of name.
And we're growing old and fat and drunk together. Old and fat and drunk, we all shall be.
If slack was water, that man Bob would be surfing, and you'd be drowning. That's how
much slack there is around. You make the slack by making the effort.
To notice the slack that's already there. As Reverend Lepo Abernathy said,
just when you think you're only alone for the ride, you look down and realize that the steering
wheel is in your hands. Little children, they went out from us, but they were not of us.
For if they had been not of us, they would have continued with us. But they went out, you know it.
Maybe something like this has happened to one of your friends. How could such a thing happen?
A cult. Man.
Muhammad. I know people. Starts to grow and develop right away. Springs up and starts to grow and develop.
Here comes the head and the lust of the flesh. Just accept that people fall away.
Here's my finger up for your sheep, for your sheep. Feel it. Feel it.
It's Bob. What it is, it's just, it's literally Bob.
Any other questions? Because it's going to be dinner time with the most important,
the third most important thing in life, food.
No, it's the fourth.
No, it's the fifth. Number one is having atoms that exist in space.
Number two is breathing. Number three is drinking. Number four is peeing.
They always leave that one out. Number five is eating. And number six is extra meditation.
So I'm not going to be like Paul Krasner. Kras. I'm not going to be Kras like that.
They'd call him Krasner for nothing.
And then from there it goes on.
Bob actually comes after sex. And sex comes after your back not hurting.
And some of you can laugh all you want about that, but you'll see.
If you're lucky, you will see.
It's just Bob is what it is. It's just, it's literally Bob.
Science does not remove the terror of the gods, he said.
He said, quote,
I'm not going to preach because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
That one comes in handy for all us preachers.
He said, I cannot lie, but I promise that I will.
Think about that, but not for too long.
Who died and made me God? He asked.
Here's one you may not know.
And I think we'll just stop there with that one we don't know.
But who did die and make Dobbs God?
God.


Himself. God, him, herself, itself actually made Dobbs.
No, obviously God can't die.
But the way some simple minded persons might understand that sort of thing.
That's one way to put it.
So that first time in Dallas when he was gunned down like a narrow cryptotryptic.
Are you working on an cryptotryptic?
Like a common Oklahoman.
Like a common Oakland.
Oklahoman.
He was gunned down like somebody in Texas.
Like somebody from Louisiana or Oklahoma.
Like a slab of pork left on the back of a truck and it fell out into the road in the snow.
Like a bean pod left in an old alley somewhere.
Like a coarse old shoe filled with strange nipple like things on the outside.
Like a brusque Eskimo with a large nasal cavity that needs...
Are you guys laughing at me as I try to manually...
Constantly refreshing.
I'm actually backing...
I'm backing Chuck.
Untrack 17 up.
Like a rainbow.
You look like you're masturbating.
You look like you're masturbating a mouse.
What I was trying to do was play this.
Pardon me.
How do you know.
How did you know about that.
How could you make anyone else but a mouse masturbator make their finger go that fast?
He obviously had practice.
He kept on hitting the play, play, play.
Reset, reset, reset, play, play, play, play.
I mean it was so fast that it made us cry.
But the controller machines are not the way they used to be.
And Charleston said that the conspiracy bugs had gotten into this one device here.
And sure enough, it's like the weirdest thing.
I was trying to play this moment.
There's this bad but yet good movie called Electric Apricot or Quest for Festaroo.
Festoons.
I think that's the name of it.
Yeah.
Electric Apricot is a band.
The movie is a mockumentary.
It's like Spinal Tap.
It's like this is Spinal Tap but about jam bands.
Specifically, never was jam.
Bands that are just starting.
If you know bands, it's hilarious.
Or if you're familiar with that hippie festival scene, it's a really funny movie.
But we found this scene right in the middle of it.
This hippie is describing his tree house that he lives in.
And he suddenly refers to his bathroom.
In subgenius jargon terms.
When is this movie released?
This year.
Oh, and it's directed and produced by the guy behind Primus.
That band Primus.
The guy was...
Les Claymore.
Is that his name?
Les Claypool.
Les Claypool.
So Les Claypool.
He's the director and one of the actors in it.
It's really funny.
Even though it has the National Lampoon in premature on it, which usually is the code for suckliness.
It's actually...
It's actually pretty good.
Electric Apricot.
And it went straight to DVD.
And of course, I saw it because I'm a reviewer.
Well, it certainly sounds like Les was at a next day or two.
Let's play this little...
To get this idea of the jam bands and the...
Well, I won't say it.
Yeah, they took a subgenius term.
It's just nature out here, you know?
I mean, how many other people can say, you know,
Oh, I woke up this morning and I saw a raccoon mating.
That doesn't happen very often.
Well, this is the...
You know what I call the extra meditation chamber.
Or, you know, this is my bathroom.
You know, maybe it's a little primitive to some people's standards, but it's got everything I need.
It's got running water and, you know, it's got a toilet and a...
Well, it's got a bucket and, you know, a place for toilet paper.
And, you know, I got art.
Art.
That's something you need.
Well, I think a lot of people have designed in their own spaceships, the spaceships of their own design,
have a specific...
An extra meditation chamber.
An extra meditation equipped with a microwave and a refrigerator.
A small, like a cabaret refrigerator.
As we used to say, evacuate or vacate the evacuation chamber.
Telephone.
Evacuate or vacate the evacuation chamber, please.
Vacate the evacuation chamber.
Two-way radio.
Vacate the evacuation chamber.
Now, here's another odd clip.
Vacate the evacuation chamber.
This is from a TV...
I take it a TV show called...
Middleman.
A tele...
I'm not familiar with these 21st century television cable shows.
He's kind of like Superman, but almost as good.
You're looking at me?
Oh, is that what it is?
He was referenced here?
He's better than Lesser Man.
Pretty powerful and can almost go through walls.
That was Middleman.
Well, I'll be.
Now, Lesser Man...
We don't have any quotes from Lesser Man or Superman, but here's a quote from Middleman.
Okay, get ready.
What's with the space-age bachelor pad music?
Space-age bachelor pad music was a term coined by Reverend St. Byron Werner.
It was the title of a cassette tape that he sent to Doctors for Bob and myself
that became a quarter of Media Barrage's 1, 2, 3, and 4.
This is the origin of the term space-age bachelor pad.
Now, here are the next two, I think, we'll speak for themselves.
It was also an off-Broadway play.
It was also an off-Broadway play.
Oh, space-age bachelor pad?
Yep.
Susie has donated yet another 45 from Stang Records.
Stang Records.
My late grandfather had his fingers in many pies, and Susie can tell you all about that, I'm sure.
So there you have it.
Thank you.
Actually, my grandfather gets around.
You'd be surprised.


I don't know.




Let's see what happens if I push this button.
I'll speak to Samara.
And this time she'll hear me out to the air.
Oh, it's Princess Wee.
And if she doesn't give her consent?
Oh, Darren.
Never mind.
We'll find out.
This is secretly recorded Princess Wee and me.
Face the facts.
The people are suffering.
They want to free themselves from fear.
They want to destroy the monsters of the mountain.
And now they might be able to do it.
No.
We could wipe them out.
But the Queen is still opposed to it.
To fight against the mysterious power of the monsters.
No one has ever dared to do that.
I mean, fight me, Derek.
Don't worry.
I don't intend to lose you.
I love you and I intend to marry you.
As soon as possible.
Is that in the extra meditation chamber?
Or is that on the yard or the patio?
We'll fix that.
No, never mind.
Yeah, we'll fix that in editing, dear friends.
And probably that should be enough.
We'll just do the credits now.
Uh...
Uh...
Let's see.
We heard some yelling and screaming from Starwood Festival and from Baltimore subgenius,
The Bible.
We heard some collage by Noor El Pref of NoorElPref.com.
We heard some new collages, the really awful one there about tongues and Bob and sex.
And the very, very, very, very, very first one were by Reverend Sweetness McGee.
Sweetness McGee.
And of course, we heard some puzzling evidence show from KPFA Berkeley with puzzling evidence
of Dr. Al, Dr. Philodrumon and so forth and so on.
I could play hours and hours and hours of that, but I'm not going to.
Look at that background music.
Now see if I switch.
It's delicious.
It really is.
It sounds like the throbbing beating of a heart.
Forever did you get that.
A heart that's so organic as it wants to be.
Oh, actually, that background music is by the composer, Reverend Ivan Stang and his
crippled son.







Oh, he's got crippled fingers.
Is this a crippled finger spectaculoso?
Well, it was going to be, but I swear to God's green fingernails, the way these machines
are set up, I can't control a damn thing.
I can control the volume.
Look at that.
But I can't go to track two.
It's got another track.
It doesn't go to track two, now does it?
I'll turn it off.
It says it has six tracks, but there's no, you can't, you can't play that.

You can't trick it.
Violent orgasm can be a cause of problems for most young adults.
Many young adults have suffered concussions and fractured ones.
Young adults, this is what happens when you normally produce your subgenius radio
show at your home studio and only once a month drive through the, you drive your snow plow
40 miles from Ashtabula to Cleveland.
The snow will start to come off of your snow.
You're going to have to get your skin.
Yeah.
You didn't think, you think it's easy.
You know how, what Dave has to do to just to make it to this show.
I've had a new septum added to my bag of trinks and that way I can bear the load all
the way on route nine.
Oh, no kidding.
That's right.
I can breathe under water.
This is the, used to call it a deviated septum, but how perverse can you have to be to be on
the club.
I had a new one added.
A new club septum.

That's what I'm telling you.
I've got a brand new septum of my own right here.
Let me look at yours.
No, get, please.
And your beard is in the way.
Can you just please hold that?
I want to take a good look up there.
It looks like in your new septum, you've got some sort of a device, some sort of machinery
of some kind.
Oh, that's, that's a recorder.
It's just so I'll remember important stuff.
Dave, it's no big deal.
It plays.
It's also a decoder end and encoder end.

It's a decoder at the same time plays for you and against you as if we're all a game
of roulette.
I see.
We saw a good movie the other night.
Uh, grand, grand tour Nen slow with Clint Eastwood.
And the reason I mentioned that friends, if you happen to, we don't normally do a movie
plugs reviews and things, but, uh, if you happen to go see that movie, Clint Eastwood
in that.
That's what lonesome cowboy Dave looks like.
He looks just like lonesome cowboy Dave.
Now, now Mel Gibson, he doesn't act like Dave.
He acts more like a Gordon Gordon.
Yeah.
But, uh, now Mel Gibson played lonesome cowboy Dave in that movie called conspiracy theory.
But that was 10 years ago when Dave had a different, um, hat.
Uh, so friends, if you want to know what Dave looked like 10 years ago, I'm Michael.
Listen to next week's show with this while looking at the movie conspiracy theory with
the sound turned down.
And that's, that will be accurate.
If you want to see what Dave looks like now, get a review copy of grand tour Nen slow,
which by the way, is the ultimate get off of my lawn movie.
Clint Eastwood plays the ultimate get off my lawn, dude.
Can I just ask you one question about your lawn removal policies?
Mr. Mayor, if it is, if it is, is it true that if you're a macro cephalic cephalic,
I used to pile guys like you up five feet high and use them as sandbags.
Not bad.
Stain.
That's very good.
I'd like you to repeat only this time.
Look like you're ready to shoot in dirty hair.
Go ahead.
Now they make my day something different.
How about this one?
Man's cut.
No, it's limitations.
What does this have to do with the, with the church?
So you got to ask yourself, do you feel lucky?
Huh?
Do you pink?
Do you pink boy?
He's not a pink boy.
That's been quoted and quoted so many times.
I can't believe you actually had the audacity, the leathery balls, so to speak to end code.
Speaking of.
As if a little bit, I'm sorry.
You know, princess, we, and I have lived in, um, well, I know I should speak for myself.
Princess.
We has always been on this part of this planet.
As long as she's been on earth.
But as long as I've been in Cleveland, which is nigh on to 10 years now, I never went into
the Cleveland's famed rock and roll hall of fame.
That's my shame.
Until this week.
When it was free on Martin Luther King jr.
Day.
And I'm thankful for that.
I'm glad that I didn't pay to see it more than I actually, I would be happy to pay five
bucks because friends, if you're like an old, old, old, old radio person, they have a hall
of old radio men and their machines.
That is so cool.
Of course, if you're just a normal person, a human or a punk kid, it's not going to mean


anything to you.
You're going to go look at the rock star clothes and control.
And Oh my God, he actually held that guitar.
Oh my God.
She actually more of that dress.
Oh my God.
I can't believe I'm in the same room with a dress that Madonna wore.
Oh my God.
But I was, I was like that over the four track recorder that they used for, um, one of the
two four track recorders that had just been invented that was used for these recording
of the Sergeant peppers album by the big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big,
big.
It was
for the guitar.
You know, that was the most important part.
We learned a lot about people.
And you should have set priorities by now.

You give me the, um, somebody, I'll need your help with your son.
So Yes.
You know, and, um, I probably, uh, um, ded academia, but uh, attempts to, uh, uh, uh, as,st пов 블� Athletic Equко.
Okay.
Oh, my God, man.
Like your ego.
I was so excited to see that.
There was like the mix board from the Who's 1971 concert.
I could have operated that myself.
In 1971, that's how simple.
It had eight inputs, and the only control was volume knob and echo.
And that was it.
No EQ, no nothing.
There was an Edison wire recorder in there, which would be cool.
Or not a wire recorder.
A wax cylinder recorder.
But the best thing was they had also the box that you would go to the special store to buy that had your new blank in it.
To say you wanted to record your barbershop quartet.
There's the, you know, instead of going to buy a blank VHS or a blank DVD or a blank cassette or whatnot.
They look like a heavy tube of toilet paper, don't they?
Yeah, exactly.
A big black tube of toilet paper.
They're very cumbersome and heavy.
One and a half minutes of.
24 BPS quality sound.
And you could drive around in a Model A truck or one of those horse-drawn carriages with about 50 of those things in little wooden carts.
And people would just, they'd line up and snot down, and they'd lift their heads in praise.
They'd cry.
They'd scream.
They'd become very emotional about the wrong things.
And should all be properly eliminated.
Well, what made me emotional was after I walked.
Through the hall of recording technology.
I felt a bit old because I had owned.
At least half of the crap that was being shown in this museum.
It was stuff that I actually used as a young feller.
It was like, oh yeah, there's that little 45 RPM record player that every kid in the fifties had.
And there's that little four inch reel to reel recorder that you use to go in and record.
And record Planet of the Apes soundtrack so you could memorize the heaviness of the dialogue and learn how to write screenplays.
You know, you had one.
Everybody had one.
I had.
I mean, it had every disease you ever had in childhood was in there.
They had Jimi Hendrix's childhood diseases lined up in little files.
His mumps, his measles, smallpox, everything.
Well, not smallpox.
They had.
They eradicated that.
They have Elvis's ejerculata.
They actually have the Jordan Ayers mutated.
Viruses, different mutated viruses they caught on the last tour.
Little Alice.
There were vials of.
Alice Cooper's tears that had been genetically altered.
Well, and things that Alice Cooper's fans had sent Alice after filling the vials with vile.
Slimy liquid.
They'd actually taken apart like genomes, actual pieces.
It had isolated DNA from Buddy Holly's crash.
Now, what?
What?
What really got me was how tiny some of these guys actually are.
You know, you're used to thinking of Mick Jagger as this big, you know, tall, skinny guy on stage.
Stilts.
Well, they showed all of his clothing.
Man, I would have fit into those when I was 13.
Platform shoes, man.
And I'm not a big guy.
That's how they did it.
Platform shoes and padded shoulders.
Elvis Presley was actually only four foot, eight and a half inches tall.
That's so tiny.
I can't believe anybody could possibly have that height.
He actually.
What a horrible height for some of you.
You say five, eight and a half?
No, four, eight and a half.
Oh, four, eight and a half.
Four feet, eight and a half inches.
Oh, I'm sorry.
And he actually had to have bone distention after he started making some dough.
He went to the clinic.
Oh.
And I guess before that he was like about four, five or something like that or some magic number, which we dare not use.
Wow.
You know, it's little guys feel they have a chip on their shoulder.
You know, you're Napoleons, you're Hitlers, you're little bitty Reverend Stangs, you're little midget.
Boys, everybody picked on in school till they had to become, you know, get off my lawn.
And look big and puff up like a toady frog.
Well, apparently rock stars do that.
Now, we were looking at Princess Wee's old boyfriend, David Bowie.
Notice I said Bowie this time, not Bowie.
Bowie is about three foot eight.
That's so, so kind of you.
They had two of his outfits and one had the codpiece and one didn't.
And the one without, it looked like a little girly man on that manicure.
I was.
I think it was 1972.
I was at Earl's Court Station.
I was going to see, no, I was on my way to Charing Cross.
And I was going to see, I can't change in the middle of something.
Now it's past.
Things have.
Things keep changing on us.
They do change.
They keep changing.
I guess that's okay.
It's true.
I forgot I wasn't a celebrity.
I wanted to be one for a real long time.
And now I just look back.
And I think.
I think that life is a cruel joke.
If not, perhaps a nightmarish dream.
So you're like a normal person.
You should feel good that you're so normal.
So they tell me, they tell me, you know, like we all shed a lot of tears.
And now you say you're not a celebrity, but my niece to my niece, you're a celebrity too.
Sure.
I've been involved with that guy for the last 13 years.
Halloween show on my block.
It's like you're the you're the.
You're the.
Star.
He always says, Neil, you're that guy from the Lonesome Cowboy Dave show.
You're that extra, that unfunny straight man on the Lonesome Cowboy Dave show.
I've never had sexual relations with him.
But with your niece, I've had a thing going for the last 12 and a half years now.
So if you're wondering where.
You wish.
I probably do.
You have no idea.
If wishes were fishes.
We'd be swimming in them, honey.
We'd all be Michael Phelps.
We'd all be scaly and slimy.
And we'd all swim around together at the same time, do exactly the same things as if we had one mind.
Now, speaking of which, I understand the creature from the Black Lagoon is being remade as an eco disaster movie.
Who's slated to be the Johnny Depp of the crew?
I don't know.
It was originally 10 years ago.
John Carpenter was.
John Carpenter was going to do it, which made me sort of excited.
I think of John Carpenter as a subgenius, although he he's never joined up.
We know that he knows because we have several monsters in common.
I think of him as perhaps a listless housewife or maybe just a vacuum in the void.
I mean, you know, not just a person.
He's a hard nail hammering director, man.
You keep convincing me he's real rather than a collegiate colleague.
And he does his own.
I'm a male game of 24 writers.
Yes, I know.
I have to cry because he does write his own stuff.
I was just listening.
Thank goodness.
Speaking of music that you came back to the praise Zafod song.
We never really got to sing that much.
Put that back.
Don't take it away.
This is it.
This is it.
This is it.
Okay.
Perfect.
Thank you.
Thank you, so much.
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
dot.

Three.
Four.

Okay, that's enough.
He didn't give us that much.
Well, actually he did, but let's, you know.
I'm sorry.
Friends, this is what happens, okay?
When you are so faithful to Bob, you get songs sung about you and turned into albums.
Remember when good old Pastor Craig, not to be mistaken for the other Craig, Hotfoot,
but Pastor Craig at X Day during the blood wrestlings, you know, which we used to have until Pastor Craig's accident.
He had his whole chicken wing removed, didn't he?
He had his whole, yeah, he lost an entire wing right there at X Day.
And sure, he was hospitalized.
The Sherman Fire Department had to come carry him away.
He was in terrible pain.
He was given pain pills even though he's the one subgenius who doesn't take drugs.
Pastor Craig got a whole song sung.
There was an ESO show dedicated to Pastor Craig after that.
For being so stupid.
Right.
So if you're a subgenius, Lee.
If you're dumb enough to get rich and then split it with Bob,
you're going to get something more out of it than just a reach around.
You're going to get an album, a whole song or two.
You're going to get plenty of ambient music.
You're going to get fire amps in your backyard.
You can toss around while you're doing the kitchen or, you know, cleaning your clothes.
You're going to get eczema.
You're probably going to get a leaky basement if you don't have one already.
But just think of it.
You're going to have a brand new top floor.
That you can view the stars from.
You're going to be one of the elite from now on.
A stargazer.
A stargazer.
An eclipse maker.
Not just somebody who goes from place to place in the world to view eclipses from exotic locales.
But one who decides when the eclipse is going to happen.
Exactly.
Think of the third nostril you're going to grow.
Think of it.
Take a whiff of it.
Oh, I can't.
Can you?
I can't.
You can't whiff your own nostril.
You can't smell your own nostril.
Because you're already adjusted to the smell of it.
You can't hear your own tinnitus.
It can be done.
Well, actually, you can.
You can't.
Unfortunately.
You never stop hearing your own tinnitus.
No, you do.
You do stop hearing it.
It's a tinny thing.
No, I can speak for tinnitus sufferers and tinnitus sufferers all over the world.
You can get to the point where, after the first couple of minutes, you can't hear your own tinnitus.
Once you're awake, you don't even hear it at all.
And what about tinnitus sufferers?
Same thing.
You can learn to not hear that.
However, you still have to hear everything else over the sound of that.
But your mind is filtering.
Using that expensive filter.
How about kidney worms and things like that?
Does it squirm?
Eh?
Eh?
Kidney worms?
Uh.
What are you on about the kidney worms now?
Head beams.
Sometimes they're called a little worm crawls in your brain and twists its way around your head.
That's an earwig.
And lodges itself in your corpus callosum, so to speak.
That's an earwig.
No, no, it's a brain wig.
No.
No, certainly it's a brain wig.
You don't know it.
You're wigged out.
Screw you, Lord.
Think of this.
You really don't know.
It goes in one part of your head and stays there and weasels into your corpus callosum.
Don't tell me.
Don't tell me that next step.
It's not true at all.
It makes one of the problems with some of the other refugees.
Don't talk that way.
I have no recourse.
The commander has whipped and fondled me numerous times.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Me, I, we, and our peoples.
Must be free.
We must walk out that big old door and never look back.
Are you with me, boys and gherkins?
Are you there?
Just put one foot after the other.
Who?
Me?
You.
That's all you need do.
No, I don't believe in Bob.
The journey of a million steps begins with the first one.
No, I don't believe in slack.
I couldn't ever.
Oh, of your soaking in slack.
I'm in slack right now.
I, uh, no, I...
You're like a slack slushie.
But it looks like about seven stories down there.
I...
It's a yummy seven floors down.
I don't want to fall.
I, uh...
You'll love it.
I love Bob.
Do you love Bob?
I love Bob.
I believe in Bob.
I believe in Bob.
Do you like him?
I like him.
I believe in Bob.
I even love and lost after Bob.
Do you believe him?
He is the salesman, the now man, the man of tomorrow.
And the key to the gateway is his pipe.
Does he know what he is really means?
It is because the conspiracy fears him to the depths of their lizard souls that they try to water down his terrifying message and would even deny that he exists at all.
Where he gets this idea from, I don't believe.
Maybe.
What is slack?
If you have to ask, you can never know.
Ding.
You were born with it.
Everyone is born with original slack.
But the conspiracy has most of it now.
They don't even know what it is.
But that hasn't stopped them from siphoning away what little you have left.
The slack that can be described is not the true slack.
I am a slack.


By definition, it is indefinable.
It is a kind of direct perception, unfettered by common sense.
Or con-man-sense.
That's the third time you come in here, Stingy, rolling the dice,
and it's the last time I'm ever going to look at your ugly mug again.
You claim Bob's going to bring you slack.
Roll again. Roll the dice. I dare you.
Bob started leaving hints of his presence in the cheesy ads of the 1950s,
following his divine immaculation by Jehovah One itself,
the alien space god from some corporate sin galaxy.
Today, despite persecution and harassment,
his church is the Zorro of world religion,
and scratching a bloody B
on the beefy...
...beseech of the conspiracy.
Yes, my friend, he is here to smite the mediocritans,
the A-souls, the Glorbs, the Conformers, the Nazis, the Barbies and Kens,
the Falspravits and P-ink boys,
who have made normality the norm.
But the normals don't care. They can't care.
They can't know, because there are no ormals.
There are no...
...armies.
He...he...he...
And he continues to change to this day.
You notice his feet are hairy now, and the mandibles are longer?
Yes.
The canines are distended all the way down below the lower jaw.
Oh, it's...you...you can't help but notice it.
It's overwhelmingly noticeable.
Large lupine ears mark a fuzzy head in a truly strange element in an unusual environment
your family sure takes.
It's a strange thing to enjoy.
Oh, my, yes.
So stop early and bring the kids, if you have any.
Do bring the kids. They'll have a great time.
The last time...
Well, I hope you guys are having a great time.
The last time I was.
I can't even get this thing to switch over to the next track.
It keeps playing the same name track all over again.
That's the weirdest thing I ever saw in my life.
I'm not kidding.
I was thinking about the...
I've seen rattlesnakes with nine heads, but I've never seen a CD player that was behaving like this.
Somebody done come in here and messed with this stuff.
Somebody done come in here and messed with this.
I can tell you that.
I know that.
I know that for a fact.
They've been...they've been fooling with it.
Like, where's the...isn't there supposed to be some sort of massive control...master control?
Yes.
The master control program.
That's...
That's what's missing.
That's supposed to be everywhere.
There's supposed to be some access to the master control.
It's ground control to Major Tom.
No, Mrs. Lee, don't get...now, don't get me started with another song stuck in my head.
You know the horrible thing...
About being married...
...of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame...
...that's so dumb, Bob, you'll say some...sing some melody and you'll be singing it all day.
Well, now, here's a...here's a sad one for you.
We go to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, right?
For free.
And I'm walking through there and looking at handwritten lyrics.
Texts of old famous songs.
I said, why, look, his handwriting's not nearly as bad as you'd think it's bad like it would be.
At least you weren't at a museum looking at human hands, you know?
James Brown.
Well, that's...now, that's...I've seen...those are at Case Western.
But they have Jimi Hendrix's hands there, by the way.
At Case Western.
Yes.
But I was looking at the...at the...these lyrics, and I was looking down, here's these scrawled,
scratched little ink pen lyrics on notepad.
Virgil Cain is my name.
And I wrote on the painful train...that old...the band song by Robbie Robertson.
The night they drove old Dixie down.
Well, Dave, that song's been running in my head.
I haven't heard...I never owned that album.
I haven't heard that song...I don't listen to the radio.
I haven't heard that song in 20 years.
And now you can repeat all the lyrics, even the third verse.
Every entire thing.
Which was...
I know what you mean.
It has plagued him ever since that day.
And he still hasn't even heard a recording of it.
And it was only the words that sparked the music in his brain.
It's been addling him ever since.
It's relentless.
I remember oh so well...
The song...
The song that drove my brain insane.
He remembers oh so well...
Yes.
But he can't make it stop.
I've been staying as my name...
Can't make it stop!
...I wrote on the Dobbs Town train...
It's mind control.
...till stoners...
Mind, mind...
...idiots came and...

...called a bunch of them mind...
...put tracks in my arms again...
They're trying, they're trying...
It was the summer of 1965.
I was at Monterey Woodstock just barely high.
Oh, now we've really reached the bottom of the barrel.
Filth singing.
...to Cleveland and Beck.
It was a time he remembered oh so well...
You know, now see, hopefully by doing what I just did,
I have passed the curse on to the next.
Victim.
Perhaps you, Dave, will wake up with that nice but increasingly insipid song in your mind.
As the day wears on...
I empathize completely.
I went on a different track, because apparently we're on some kind of radio show.
You know, this has been insane, Doris.
You know, I've lost it after you for a long time.
You have?
Yes, at least three weeks now, I think it's been.
My goodness.
It wasn't out from the perpendicular shape of my head, would you?
Not at all.
Or the rather oblique shape to my ideas.
Oh.
Or the rather slanty, putrid smell coming off of my neck.
Well, uh, all right then, whatever.
Or perhaps the size of my instep, which is much like a dinosaur.
You think so?
Of terrestrial startups.
Something like that.
Listeners, here's what happened.
I get confused by the technical challenges of engineering.
And also, I don't know if this has ever been explained to you, but I'm actually only three feet tall.
I can barely even reach the controls.
That's no lie.
Oh, my God.
Okay, we've got to get out of here.
We've got to get out of here.
I hope that, uh...
No, no, Matt, forget it.
Whatever, friends.
I hope.
I'm adding a time control cut right now, baby.
It's Bob.
What is it?
It's just...
It's literally Bob.
It's Bob.
Ay-ay-ay.
Okay, okay, okay.
Thank you, Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Princess Wee.
Oh, yay.
And WCSB.
