Red, you go. Where shall I go? What shall I do?
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a...
Some genius, our own...
What?
Whenever you drive the car, there is always an unseen, unwelcome passenger with you.
That passenger is Bob.
What's the matter with Bob?
Unfortunately, Bob seems to have the absurd, charmed life.
No traffic accident can happen to him.
So when you're behind that wheel, don't obey traffic rules,
but drive the car for life.
Your life and the lives of Bob.
We apologize for the technical difficulties you're currently experiencing.
If you would like, you can go ahead and pick up the green or the blue pill located under your seat.
This will further enhance the experience for you.
Please be careful when rising from your seat
and remember to follow the lighted lines along the aisles.
I hope you enjoy your trip.
Thank you very much and bear with us.
We will be taxiing on the runway for just a few moments
and our flight will begin shortly.
Thank you so much for flying Subgenius Airlines
and enjoy your trip.
It's like a dripping wet mango.
Slack dripping like an orange, juicy and full.
There we go.
Slack dripping like an orange, juicy and full.
Sorry.
But you know when you get all that excited.
It's like that.
Ooh.
And please don't forget to wear all the special equipment we've given you
and quote as many of the silly science fiction phrases,
like proton pack, nuclear device, weekend whacker,
and all of the other things that we've been telling you
as you board the ships.
If it makes you feel better.
Also remember, after boarding the ships,
there's a brief moment of unconsciousness called the swoon,
followed by some indigenous music played by aborigines.
On a didgeridoo.
And there's the smell of acrid fires burning
as the Temple of Truth goes up all poo-poo.
A friendly reminder again.
Sack after sack of delicious coffee beans
will be ground for your delectation and enjoyment.
And for some of you, your bodies will be ground
and made part of that sample sumptuous ritual.
Yes, there will be that communication of communion.
We call it the mingling.
Ah, yes, dear friends, the mingling.
That was Dr. Howell.
And last but not least,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave, live at X Day 9,
the end of the world festival of the Church of the Subgenius.
And this radio episode,
Hour of Slack number 1057,
is the third of our reports recorded entirely
at the July 5th week-long festival
or at radio stations WCSB in Cleveland
and KPFA in Berkeley
on the show's website, WCSB.org.
And we're going to talk about the stories
of the Dr. Sinister and Puzzling Evidence,
respectively, right after 9X Day.
And before that little clip,
we heard Priestess Pisces with Five-Fisted Tales of Connie
and more of that great improv Wotan doctor band also,
as well as rants from the young subgeniuses
such as the evocative Popes Pantiera Evacavid.
Evacavid.
All of these were recorded at Brushwood Folklore Center
in deep rural New York.
But don't get the wrong idea.
No.
X Day happens everywhere.
I don't really care.
It happens all over the whole world.
We just happened to choose Brushwood
as a great place to have a party
where you can make noise all night long
and nobody cares how weird you get.
Yeah, I enjoyed that setting a lot.
And you know what?
It's always 7 a.m. July 5th, 1998 somewhere.
Right.
Well, actually, it has never been July 5th, 1998 on this planet yet.
Right.
We know that.
It may have been on some other planet.
Quite a few.
And we may not be on the planet we think we are on either.
That's right.
Again, we apologize for the technical difficulties.
If you would, again, bear with us just momentarily.
If you look to your left,
you will notice someone who you probably haven't touched in any way today.
If you look to your right,
you'll also notice
a lot of nothing.
Enjoy the scenery and bear with us.
It'll be a few moments.
So did you give rant and did you go to...
Oh, yes, I...
What happened to that stank?
Ranting, raving.
Did you go to Stank's house and just rant?
Just walk around the house and rant?
I never...
I was hardly in Stank's house at all
because...
That's how it is in Target City.
...airplane malfunctioned horrendously,
sending me to a hotel...
So near Target City.
...for two nights in a row in New Jersey,
flying me to Boston, Massachusetts,
and other places that I didn't need to be.
Are you kidding me?
I'm not kidding.
You had to go to some place for two nights in a row
before you even got there?
Yes, and I...
Various flights kept getting canceled
and finally they couldn't even accommodate me on that airline.
They took me off and put me on another airline.
Everything's like peewee now.
Was this because you were on, like, you know,
Junior...
Junior Baba Airlines?
It had nothing to do with...
Were you on Ragtag Airlines?
I'm going to write them a letter
and give them a piece of my mind, I am.
That's no way to treat an airline passenger.
American substandard airways.
They forget about Bob.
Well, now you...
This is all boring.
Yeah, we're forgetting about Bob.
We're talking about airlines.
And the fact is that I did finally make it to...
Okay, we're checking that.
...the Brechtwood campground.
...the actual store.
Hey, as you go, airlines.
We're about to run out of fuel, folks.
We need a little extra cash.
A number of rather humiliating or embarrassing pictures
were taken of me and some of the other...
We must look at it.
...this year.
Why?
That Stang has already put into his digital sensorium.
People constantly posed in a grotesque and anti-fascist way.
Can Bob come out to play?
Can Bob come out to play?
I saw him the other day.
Can Bob come out to play?
I just want to play a few games.
The kind that make you feel kind of special inside.
Can Bob come out to play?
Can Bob come out to play?
I really want to play.
Can Bob come out to play?
All right.
Maybe some other day.
Luckily, the Exos portal is scheduled to open.
You know, the two great red spots of Jupiter
are due to collide on July 4th.
And you think you've heard of the worst excedrin headache
ever.
Friends, these storms, the great red spot, for instance,
is the size of seven planet Earths lined up together.
They're going to need some cosmic clearasil for this one.
The red junior, as it's called, is approaching the great red spot,
which, by the way, features winds of poisonous, toxic chemicals
350 miles an hour.
Yes, so stop complaining about campground conditions.
Right.
You think you've got it bad here.
Think about those Exos emerging through that portal.
The tang of Earth's oxygen-stuffed atmosphere.
Well, and the tang of the souls Bob's going to be selling those.
The obnoxious organic compounds that have been festering here for millions of years.
But not your soul friend, because you bought protection
from the greatest insurance agent in the world, Mr. J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Consider it a kind of firewall.
Yes.
That's right.
It keeps the bad gods out and keeps your own soul in.
So only Bob can get to it.
Your soul ain't going to be going through anybody's pipe but his.
Oh, he can get to it.
He can get to it all right.
Yeah.
He really gets to it.
Bob can get to your soul from any, through so many different paths.
Orifices.
Orifices or thoughts.
He can get just through, yeah, through attitudes can open a doorway to Bob.
You don't have to immediately think.
Think of holes in your body being the way Bob comes in.
And Bob.
You don't have to smoke Bob.
No.
You throw yourself into Bob's pipe and let him smoke you.
That's what's in that damn pipe.
That's what's in his head.
Look at this.
There's a perfect example is drawn onto my sacred t-shirt here.
As you can see, Bob is smoking.
Well, actually this brain, that's you, is using the bowl of Bob's pipe to smoke his brain,
which has been lit.
And is on fire.
We would consider this a symbiosis, a mutually benevolent relationship between the operator
and the patient.
Well, let's reveal more subgenius wonders here.
And by the way, when I left for parts unknown to Hobnob and otherwise Flapjack and Jim Jam
with my brother wizards, there was a little secret.

There was a little red spot on the planet Jupiter moving toward the big red spot.
And what happened?
We were out of touch.
There was an overcast sky, even though we had a telescope.
We were given those instructions to forget about that.
It's a conspiracy.
Now, according to some apocalyptic.
You obviously didn't get the instructions.
They said that what was supposed to happen is when the little irritating red spot met
the great red spot.
That's a great movie, Duma.
There would be a battle of words.
There was a little red spots that was beyond all conception.
No, Stang said a million monoliths like in 2001 would come out of that convergence.
The tiny red spot was completely the underdog in this battle.
There would be the million monoliths.
In this Goliath versus David.
Well, however you explain it in allegorical or scientific form, we didn't know what happened.
Well, I'll tell you what happened.
You know what happened to Goliath, right?
Rocknar walking through camp saying, hey, guess what?
We're at war with Korea.
Wristbands.
We ran out of the X wristbands this year, which we thought was significant.
Another thing that was significant is that a fog rolled in just as we were looking through the telescope at Jupiter and saw the big storms lining up.
I missed that.
I wanted to see the telescope.
Yeah, of course you missed it.
There was a fog.
And conspiracy, of course, won't talk about what happened.
But I saw the million monolith march begin as all those 2001 monoliths emerged from that vortex, crisscrossed like Xs.
It really happened.
But we didn't have a way.
There was no way to, like, photograph it through the little telescope.
And then the fog covered everything.
And then the zombies came.

Yeah.
You know, there were actually, were you there when the zombies came out during that rave?
I encountered a few of the zombies left over after the initial massacre.
We had to, I ended up having to hack a few.
That was the most amazing zombie attack because first they came lurching out of the woods, friends of ours, former subgeniuses now looking like Romero zombies.
And they grabbed various dancers at the rave who were so high they couldn't, they didn't know what they were doing.
The zombies would bite them on the neck and drag them away.
And then those people they'd bitten would come back.
So after the first wave of zombies, there was a whole second wave of zombies.
You know, I always come prepared for potential zombie attacks.
When I go to X-Day, I probably never really told anybody that before.
But it's always been a sneaking suspicion that it was going to happen one of these days.
And I'm glad I was prepared this time.
Now, why couldn't you have set your camera up by the other end of the drive-in stage?
And you could have caught this.
This image of those Romero zombies just shambling towards the drive-in.
They come out of the screen.
Yeah.
It's so horrifying.
It's so realistic.
The zombies will come right out of the screen.
There are slack angels.
There are slack demons.
They give and they take.
And my soul aches.
helecton支持我
my soul aches.
Fuck liberty.
Fuck death.
Give me slack.
I need it.
I need it like I need my breath.
What about me, Bob?
What about me?
I'm lost, a slackless child
in a sea of the conspiracy.
What about me, Bob?
What about me?
A lost child
in a slackless conspiracy.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.

No.
No.
Take me away, take me away from it.
Next day, take me away from it.
Take me away, take me away.
I've been bled dry.
I've been ostracized.
Sermonized.
I've been bled dry.
Because, well, I'm out of money and I don't know what I'm going to do after this.
Well, you could take a break. I could sing my X-Day song.
So sweet and delightful.
I sang it for Ivan Stang and I sang it for the bewildered bobbies from the stage.
And then I told them, what?
What?
Well, if that don't fit at all.
Well, I've got the one I did, so I could do that one.
Oh, your song?
Yeah.
Whip it out.
All right. I'm going to...
Not that! The song!
Too late.
The X-Day song that I wrote in the airport.
I had to circle around and around forever thinking I would actually never get here.
X-Day is here.
The mountains fall.
I cringe and hide my head.
I never send in my thirty bucks.
My soul is filled with dread.
Oh, Bob, just let me live.
And all that is mine I most surely will give.
Oh, lift me away on your bright saucer ship.
To my subgenius home.
Oh, bear me away on your bright shining ship.
To my subgenius home.
I laughed at Bob.
Ah, woe is me.
I thirst for slack in vain.
Now he still grins and smokes his pipe.
I must have been insane.
Oh, Bob, just let me live.
And all that is mine I most surely will give.
Oh, lift me away on your bright saucer ship.
To my subgenius home.
Oh, bear me away on your bright shining ship.
To my subgenius home.
I saw the people of the world.
They were the saints.
And normals flee.
The dreadful harvest from the sky.
They perish like the melting snow.
Yet not a one knows why.
Oh, Bob, just let me live.
And all that is mine I most surely will give.
Oh, lift me away on your bright saucer ship.
To my subgenius home.
Oh, bear me away on your bright shining ship.
To my subgenius home.
The towers of the proud did fall.
There was no shelter from that storm.
While far above.
Subgeniuses watched.
In comfort safe and warm.
It was a dream.
But then I woke.
The rupture still can be mine.
I wrote out a check to Ivan Stang.
Now Bob's grin seems benign.
Oh, Bob, just let me live.
And all that is mine I most surely will give.
Oh, lift me away on your bright saucer ship.
To my subgenius home.
Oh, bear me away on your bright shining ship.
To my subgenius home.
Oh, that's so beautiful.
There, there.
It's all right.
I think I bite my grandpa.
He's a good boy.



He used to sing that to me back long years before you even wrote that song.
Yes, I know.
Well, you see, in the bosom of the people, the simple-minded faith in Bob persists.
The gap-toothed credulity which supports Bob and all his works.
It comes from the horny-handed sons of the soil, the salt of the earth,
the pepper who've been mustered in the ranks and legions on the great day.
Hallelujah, Gobble.
You sure got a pretty mouth, Dr. Howe.
I'm not sure I like to hear that kind of language in this here rural setting.
But we have much to explain and explicate of the many wonderful and notable works and wonders of Bob.
Yes, this is me, Bernard.
I just wanted to call, you know, as I speak, you know, the UFOs are appearing outside.
Yes.
They're outside the window again today, the 5th of July.
And, you know, sometimes when they do appear, like, other lights start flashing on and off of them,
like these newly, like this newly built house, like these newly built houses right next by this house that I'm living in.
Sometimes the lights flash on and off when they appear or don't appear.
The UFOs have come back.
They're outside my window as I speak.
I can see them.
I hope it means that it's, that X Day is coming.
Oh, by the way, speaking of burnings, the potluck dinner is tomorrow.
Obviously, it's a little late for it now.
So, I know some people are leaving.
That means you have to give us your food.
You don't get any of ours.
I'm sorry.
Probably next year it will be the other way around.
Next year.
See, listen, how I automatically make these assumptions.
I've been so used to doing X Days that it turned out to just be drills that I make an ass out of Bob and me by assuming that this might be another drill.
But I don't see any reason to be assuming anything.
We can't assume that this is the year 2006.
We can't assume that this is the planet Earth.
We can only assume that J.R. Bob Dobbs is here.
And it's him who was foretold.
Now, here's a poem by young Reverend Nenslow, age seven, from Portland, Oregon.
You might want to read it.
It's kind of long.
You might want to read some of it.
Good God.
It's a Nenslow poem of endless verses.
Well, it's a next day poem, though.
I'm filled with anticipation.
As I wait to go away.
I'm going home to planet X.
For it's X Day today.
My life is put on hold as I throw away my past.
I can't go on with my life.
I give in to my fears at last.
I never tried to chase a rainbow.
Or tried to live a dream.
I made very few mistakes.
My heart was right, it seemed.
Never wanted to be somebody.
Just a soul, just passing by.
I had no grandiose vision.
Was not aiming for the sky.
But Bob had other plans for me.
He yanked my feet up off the ground.
He said, if you want to serve me, then take a look around.
You see, there are many people in this stupid world, you know.
And it's up to you to tell them exactly where to go.
So you made a few mistakes, as oh so many do.
But if you can send me thirty bucks, I can still use you.
Exalt yourself and tell them of the mistakes that they have made.
Then tell them of my smiling face.
And the price that you have paid.
I will sell you purpose, provision, and a name.
Your life will be confusing.
It will never be the same.
I have never been right here with you.
Even when life was hard.
I knew you couldn't make it.
I knew it from the start.
So keep on calling my name whenever you need a hand.
And your dollars you must send to me as countless as the sand.
I always will forsake you.
I will always leave you cold.
Especially when you make mistakes and are growing very old.
Now take my words and tell them.
And tell your friends of the message that I gave.
And be my witness to the world.
And dig your fucking grave.
Reverend Nenslow, age six.
Yes, that young man shows great promise in the poetic department.
And you know his poos make better dobs heads than the ones that little Vredes paints.
I know, it really drives him insane too.
It's good when he's saying that.
I think he's slaving here.
This is where the ex-
The UFOs are showing up.
Much like this show.
Hero shot.
Yeah, they're staying.
He's waving at the screen.
Oh, I thought that was his hair.
And this is Sister Decadence.
There's Ragnar's new girlfriend, an exotic dancer.
And he's already pregnant.
Look at this incredible shot here.
Did she bring, did Ragnar bring her this year?
These are the Kentucky subs.
And these are, this guy here has his hair dyed pink.
And he, and well.
I thought that was Scream Master.
No, that was a different matter.
These are the old Kentucky subs.
Where the birds make music all the day.
They're screaming all over the place.
So what kind of camps are there?
I mean there's Doc Prop's camp of course.
Well, Doc Prop's camp is under the trees.
It's all spread out into different rooms and things.
Oh, okay.
And others are right up there in the main drag on the hill.
That's where the subgenius youths are.
And for the first time we saw 18 year old Pantiera Evolkovich.
She's like Bjork.
Who had written on alt-slack but now appeared in person.
And was personally baptized by me and Ivan Slade.
When we did the Bob-tism this year.
Yes.
Now was she your personal bed warmer this year?
Not at all.
She stuck to her own side of the camp.
I hardly exchanged a few words with her.
That's a shame.
I did talk to her at the end though about a couple of things.
It was rather interesting.
She gave some interesting testimony one night at the ranting and raving screeching scream-a-thon for Bob.
Oh, now we got a view.
Someone step to the microphone and tell us what has Bob done to you?
What do the pinks mean to you?
The popes.
Ah.
Reverend Pantiera.
You want to know what Bob did to me?
Yes.
He fucked me in the ass and gave me inspiration.
And you know what?
That's even doubly weird because Bob is our father.
Bob is the father of all of us.
Praise Bob!
He has magical sperm.
Yes, he does.
It's the gargoyle.
Praise Ben Spermian.
Woo!
You're saying Mom fucked my mom?
Yes.
Praise the holy sperm.
I'm afraid so.
Your mom is a whore?
Yeah.
Who hasn't fucked your mom?
Even I fucked your mom.
I don't even know who she is.
Praise Bob the juice-guzzling whore!
Yay!
Yay, Mom.
Everybody needs a father.
Not because fathers necessarily love you and teach you how to play catch.
Bob isn't that kind of a father.
All my father ever did was smack me around.
That's exactly.
Woo!
Bob takes off the belt whenever you sneeze and he says,
Shut up!
Catch!
Woo!
Get off my freaking lawn.
Get back into the class.
Pass.
Pass your phone.
Get back into the sweatshop and make me my shoes.
Woo!
Get your own sister.
But, but, as neglectful and hateful as Bob may be.
You said but.
I said but.
That was funny.
As neglectful and hateful as Bob as a father may be.
Don't mind me.
I'll just kick in every once in a while.
He's still, he's still our father.
And he taught us everything we know.
And we are just as fucked up as him.
Yeah!
We deserve to kill him whenever we feel like it.
Not in Dallas, not with a sniper rifle,
while he's in a convertible waving at people.
We need to kill him.
While he's on the shitter.
Exactly.
For no reason.
While he's hanging behind his face.
Oh, fuck!
Kill him! Kill him!
Kill him!
Kill Bob!
Bob!
He deserves death!
Fuck his face!
I hate you, Daddy!
I hate you, Daddy!
What's about?
Anybody else want the mic?
What has Bob done to you?
Bob has fucked us all up.
He took all of us.
He pulled all the internal batteries out of my smoke detectors.
Thank you, Bob.
But how would he know?
Would we still have to thank him for my mom?
He doesn't know. He just doesn't care!
He peed in my beer!
No, I think you did that!
Bob taught me hate.
Exactly!
That's what Bob does as a father, he teaches us how to hate because he hates us so fucking much it makes us hate him.
Yeah.
For $30.
Exactly.
Yeah, we still have to pay him.
Bob is the cigarette butt that you cannot piss down the drain no matter how hard you
try.
Bob will not go down.
Bob is not going to go down until he's ready.
No.
Bob is the turd that will not go down the toilet.
Bob will not be on your shoulders.
But your slack is the plunger.
Exactly.
You have to rise above what your father Bob taught you with slack.
But he taught you that too.
He taught you how to enjoy having time off and not giving a shit about pinks.
Because he didn't give a shit.
And look at him.
He's an asshole.
He is an asshole.
We have to be assholes too.
That's why we made television.
That's easy.
You had us.
You had us.
You had us.
Go ahead.
Mine is done.
Thank you very much.
Let's get a round of applause for him.
It's a little fuzzy owl.
Apparently they use carrier pigeon to communicate with the outside world from X Day.
Oh yeah.
And the carrier, and the pigeons are trained to.
Are they my pigeons?
And then they have those, what?
Those subgeniuses that sit on the bridge and shoot the pigeons.
I don't even know.


I wondered why they disappear for one week and then.
And they're trained to go.







They're trained to kind of be able to get away from the rotten UFO blast as it leaves
the earth.
There's where the birds wobble sweet in the springtime.
They're cool like that.
My pigeons.
There's where those old carrier pigeons long to go.
Hey there.
Hi.
Hey there.
Did you bring the supplies?
Hey good looking.
Did you bring the quote supplies unquote?
How about cooking something up with me?
That's good.
Dibble dibble.
Are you fellas ready?
I got a good idea.







I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to go.
Well, when you gotta go.
You just got here.
There she goes.
That's the only thing we can say.
You just got here.
You only got here long enough to tell us you had to go.
There she goes.
All dressed up in her Sunday clothes.
That just isn't right.
You know, I hate it when you're sitting in your house and then your friend just sticks
their hand in the door and goes, gotta go.
See ya.
She was a UFO person.
She was checking to see if we believe the world is over.
Well, it depends on what your definition of over means.
Well, I'm not sure.





I mean, cause I'm over it.
Do you mean over like?
Yeah, she's over the end of the world.
I'm over.
Yeah.
I'm like floating right now.
We're completely over, dude.
What?
You guys are gonna, you're gonna come out here into space?
We've made it over.
And you're not gonna, you're not gonna go into space?
We're on the other side now.
Hey, yeah.
We don't need to go into space because we're already on the other side.
Yep, we are the other side, folks.
You're listening to the show from the other side of the end of the world.
Wait, isn't Karen already the other side?




Yeah, there is, yeah.
Thank you for calling the Slack Crisis Line.
We appreciate you holding.
A representative will be with you very shortly.
Please hold.
We appreciate you holding.
I don't have any Slack Princess Pisces.
There's like way too many Slackful people here.
I don't have any Slack.
How can I help your Slack Crises?
I work for Bob.
You work for Bob, I understand.
Yeah, and I have to do all this stuff.
I thought it was all gonna be creative, but I ended my, I spent my time making membership
packs and typing in credit cards.
Yeah.
I'm not gonna be making any numbers.
I'd probably be making more money if I worked for my dad or something if my dad had a job,
but I just don't have any Slack.
Calm down.
Calm down, sir.
We're here to help.
Let's see what we can do about this situation.
So if I got you right, and just correct me if I'm wrong, the problem seems to stem from
the fact that it's all work and no Slack for you.
Is that correct?
Yeah, that's right.
And nobody will help me.
Nobody will help me wipe my butt either.
I have to do everything myself, including wipe my ass.
I understand.
We do have a solution for you, sir.
How much is it?
They always want a lot of money for that kind of stuff.
Sir, the solution is only $30.
Then it must be a rip off, because it should be like $300,000 or it probably doesn't work.
Oh, no, sir.
It is a $30 cost with eternal salvation guarantee.
Oh, man.
That's like giving it away for free.
Why would anybody get everything they ever wanted in their whole life just for $30?
That doesn't make any sense.
Well, you see, sir, we had gotten a package deal on Slack many years ago in an auction.
Because of this package deal, we are able to turn the savings over to you.
You mean I can get Slack for cheaper?
Well, even if I don't need it, I'll buy it then.
Absolutely, sir.
Now, if you'll just bear with me, what I'm going to do is go ahead and verify your information here.
It will be one moment.
Let me get into the system.
Okay, sir.
I do show that you are still located at the address.
Yeah, that's it.
Okay.
We'll be sending someone out to pick you up shortly.
Be warned, though, sir.
Don't be startled.
What is coming for you is not a traditional mode of transportation.
It will be a large flying saucer.
That's what they said in the last cult I joined.
Basically, the flying saucer will be arriving at 7 a.m. on July 5th.
Do be prepared.
There will be no second chances to arrive on this saucer.
I feel like I'd be a stupid idiot to believe any of this bullshit, though.
I'm just so lost.
Bob, it's too good to be true.
I understand your feelings.
I understand your concerns, and I certainly feel those.
The psychologist charged $30,000.
That's got to be more worth it.
More worth it to you?
Sure.
Something that's only $30, that's only worth $30.
But the question is, if you really could get eternal salvation for $30, why not take it?
But I won't get eternal salvation until I'm dead, man.
It's tripling your money back.
Oh, in that case, sure.
Okay, all right.
Okay, sir.
Again, the saucers will be picking you up at 7 a.m. on July 5th.
Your confirmation number will be...
The number for this order is 13013.
I do want to let you know that clothing is optional for your arrival.
Whoa.
Even for chicks?
There will be females of your species available on this trip.
Whoa.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.





.
.
.
.
.
.
you're going to that special site I see that always calms you down and stimulates your red
corpuscles. I'm always much happier if I'm trying to fix a machine. Yeah. I can't fix people. Right.
Well, I mean, I've learned a long time ago, you don't try to fix people. You can sometimes exploit
their sickness or their disease or their weakness or their strength, even if you can find any
I'm sorry if I sound a little bitter, but I've been to this is the 11th X Day.
And I'm getting tired of this shit. If Bob doesn't come through this time, and please folks,
don't say Reverend Stang. How come the X's didn't show up? I've gotten real tired of that.
I'm not. Do you see a pipe in my mouth, friends? Do you? Not right now. I mean,
sometimes.
Sometimes, yeah, sure. But not, you know what I mean. Do you see dots on my face? Yeah,
but you know what I mean.
It's funny, when you put your glasses on, those dots get into even stronger focus. So
maybe they really are there.
No, it's not like Clark Kent and Superman. I mean, you could tell that was Superman with
glasses on.
Could you, though? You know, you...
If you weren't a dumbass, luckily he worked with reporters at a big city newspaper.
You're a dumbass because you're a human. But he's a Superman. You see, this, remember,
is being depicted by humans, not Superman. It's being depicted in crude, four-color comic
book colors. But the thing about Superman is that he must...
Oh, did they do a comic book of the movie? Wow!
Well, no doubt they will. But the thing about Superman is that he has to dumb himself
down. He has to do an elaborate act to be a human. And that was the major difference
between Superman and Superman.
I kind of know how he feels, only it's in reverse.
Well, that was why Superman appeals to so many people because they think, yeah, I'm
not Clark Kent. I'm really Superman. That's the thing about him. Say, compared to another
superhero, like Billy Batson is wandering through the sewer and he suddenly meets some
old geezer who gives him the special word, which he will say and turn into Captain Marvel.
But he's really Billy Batson, crippled newsboy, who only occasionally turns into the big red
cheese captain.
Captain Marvel. Batman puts on a suit. He's really Bruce Wayne, but he puts on a suit
and becomes a Batman. But Superman really is Superman. He puts on a suit and becomes
the normal guy. The normal identity is the put on. The secret identity is not the real
identity, which is the super guy in the underwear. And he has to pull his punches to live on
the earth without destroying everyone in it.
I remember an old Superman comic I read as a kid. He flew millions of miles out into
space just to sneeze and he destroyed a whole solar system. Did you see that one? Well,
I remember reading it. Planets went tumbling this way and that. When Superman hits the
bad guy, do you think he's not pulling his punch? He'd splash that bad guy's molecules
over everywhere he was. And the reason he can show such superhuman forbearance is he's
superhuman.
Normal jerks couldn't do it. Do you think Clark Kent masturbated? Well, he better not
have. He has superhuman restraint. You've got to pity him. If he did masturbate, of
course, those super-Matozoans would also be super. They could travel at the speed of light,
leaving eerie trails of glowing Cherenkov radiation behind. Pretty soon, they would
find and enter every female womb in Smallville.
Now, the normal egg only admits one particular spermatozoan and the rest die. But these things
would just commit super-rape and penetrate every egg that they immediately found. And
of course, fortunately, they couldn't sire a progeny because it's essentially bestiality.
If Superman and Lois Lane had sex, that would be an unnatural act, friends. Don't let anyone
tell you different. He looks like a man with a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big,

No, he does not. He looks like us, but that is from convergent evolution.
Similar forces cause him to assume the human shape, but he is no humie from Planet Dirtball.
He comes from the planet Krypton under a giant red sun. Our yellow sun gives him power, and
he can frisk and frolic in the middle of the yellow sun.
My yellow sun runs away every time it's time to clean its room.
Well, you see, that's what happens when a human sun has a big, big, big, big, big, big, big,
when magnetic attraction and synovial forces are working in the cosmos.
But in addition to the repulsive force, there is the attractive advancing force.
Anyway, Superman is a sad case, really.
He's super, but his terrible penalty is he's alone and there's nobody like him.
And this new movie is quite wrong when it claims that the planet Krypton still exists.
Did you know that?
That in this new stupid Superman movie, the planet Krypton still exists.
He goes off there for a vacation.
Well, that ruins everything.
That ruins the sad, byronic predicament of Superman as being one against all.
Because now he has a place to go.
And furthermore, that even demeans his association with the inferior humans.
He's slumming.
He's mocking us, ladies and gentlemen.
He isn't here helping us out.
He's here playing a very...
He's here playing a very cruel joke.
And you can put me down on Lex Luthor's side.
That is, if the planet Krypton still exists.
But it doesn't.
They just have to mess with everything.
Krypton blew up and turned into...
Leave it to Hollywood.
Billions and billions of tons of glowing, greenish rock.
Deadly poisonous to Superman.
Someday Superman will come and destroy Hollywood!
That would be great, wouldn't it?
Yeah, it would.
You know, but for the subgenius, it's a struggle just to pass us by.
Because Clark Kent, in the opposite direction, it takes tremendous concentration.
You have to...
Most of us aren't up for it.
Can't hold down.
One can't mingle with the humans.
We are...
We're not super.
We're sub.
We are fallible beings.
We may be better than the normals, but we are still capable of error.
Of superhuman error, but we are capable of error.
I don't even know how to turn the lights on here.
No, no.
But by subgenius bumbling, you will eventually find out how.
But then...
Bob proved himself on July 5th when Ken Lay died.
That...
I heard that news on the way home on the radio and I was just like, what?
I was...
I was...
That bastard died in his vacation home in Aspen, Colorado.
But he died on July 5th.
Surrounded by luxury.
You know, every imaginable luxury he was surrounded by.
And, you know, that's a much better fate than, you know, what did he die in his sleep to?
I mean, that's a much better fate than the lives of the people he...
Well, he had a heart attack.
I imagine that would wake you up.
Well, you...
I know a lot of people sleep right through heart attacks and never wake up.
And any other day...
Any other day if Ken Lay had died, we would be angry and grumpy.
But he died on July 5th, so that proves that there is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Well, you know, I hate to...
I will not relax my intellectual standards for...
Even for this program and not even for Bob.
I'm sorry, but that just doesn't flow.
It just doesn't follow logically that it proves there's a Bob.
Well, he got...
I know there's a Bob because I saw him and we burned him alive, remember?
Well, we always burned him alive.
Right, but this...
He keeps coming back for more.
Friends, screw everything because the world has ended and you may have died.
You think about that.
You don't know this might be the escape vessels.
There's so much we don't know.
That's really the whole point of Bob's new improved word.
You just don't know.
You don't know.
You don't know if tomorrow some unknown secret relative is going to die and leave you a fortune.
Or you don't know if some asteroid is going to crash on the house of an enemy you didn't even know you had.
How will you prove it didn't happen?
So, friends, don't be so sure.
We think we know everything.
We think we know this world is round.
We think we know that we're on planet Earth.
We think we know this is the year 2006.
There's a man who knows.
Welcome to my world.
His t-shirt says.
Oh, it's a cube.
I see.
Like the bizarro world.
That's right.
The bizarro planet looks like that.
A cube.
We don't know, friends.
In fact, the new Bobliagraphon offers some revelations.
It's not just the same old, same old.
It sure is at first.
It's Bison, Bob, and Halen.
Awesome secrets between its pages.
Mind-shaking, brain-breaking revelations.
It's a collection of revelations of cosmic awfulness and immensity,
which will shake you from your head to your heels
and rivet you to your inner core.
Just have to read closely.
I'm tempted to reveal what the final chapter says.
Yeah, give them a sample.
Just one sample of supernal cosmic trans-hideousness.
I'll just say this once and then we'll move on.
This planet is Mars.
Thank you.
Z Again Vocation

Z Again Vocation
Z Again Vocation
Z Again Vocation
Z Again Vocation



Z Again Vocation
Z Again Vocation
Z Again Vocation
Z Again Vocation
Z Again Vocation
Z Again Vocation
Z Again Vocation
Maybe the exes hear them.
I send my cries to the heavens.
Maybe the exes will hear them.
I send my cries to the heavens.
Maybe the exes will hear them.
Give me what I need.
Give me what I want.
What I can be.
Come down.
Bring it down.
Come down.
Bring it down.
Come down.

Bring it down.
Give me what I love.
Give me what I love.
Duo!
Duo!
Duo!
Duo!
Duo!
The conspiracy's in my veins.
It's eating up my brain.
I just can't go on like this.
I can't go on.
Bring me slack.
Take it all back.
Cleanse my soul.
Make me whole.
Come down.
Come down.
Come down.
Come down.
From the sky, come down.
From the sky, come down.
I don't need no angel wings.
I just want the sorceries.
I don't need no angel wings.
I just want the sorceries.
Come down.
Come down.
Come down.
Bring us freedom.
No war.
No sin.
No pain.
Come down.
Come down.
Come down.
Come down.
From the heavens.
At seven.
Come down.
Come down.
From the sky.
Take us high.
Higher, higher, bring us higher
Higher, higher, and the world's on fire
We're waiting, you're waiting
I'm waiting, we're waiting
It's days and then it's hours
The suffering soon will end
The pain that they've caused you
Shall be repaid
Oh now
Oh now
Oh now
From the heavens
From the heavens
Take us higher
Take us higher
Take me higher
Take me higher
Unto the planet burns
While the peaks stay up
To ease the pain
The screams in vain
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
Calm down
