I can do three shows by three o'clock this afternoon, don't you think?
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius hour of slack!
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Now, let me introduce your tutors.
She's also been to Nicaragua.
By the way, she may also speak Spanish.
Welcome back to the program.
Tony Bennett moves me. He moves me.
He was tremendous singing the Duke Ellington, ladies and gentlemen.
Folks, you know, do you like your cults? Do you enjoy your cults?
You follow the antics of the Jim Jones, the People's Temple.
You follow the David Koretz and the...
They're gone. Who are you going to turn to now?
Well, folks, I'll tell you.
All over the country, people are reading the teachings of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Ladies and gentlemen, from the Church of the Subgenius,
please welcome the Reverend Ivan Stang!
He can help you find Bob.
No.
You must ask him first.
How do I do that?
Oh, you have all the clues.
You know.
Me too.
You guys really are...
Who are these guys?
Are they insane?
Are they insane?
They're not insane.
They're the true saviors of this existence.
Turn off this tape.
But now, this doesn't involve anything like flying saucers or anything.
These people sound credible.
He was completely insane.
Think so?
But people saw Bob.
People saw him in visions.
Laura, Maddy, Sarah Palmer.
Gentlemen, there's...
more in heaven and earth than is dreamt up in our philosophy.
Amen.
I saw the experiments he had performed on the others.
I did not want to be like that.
It was niggi.
They were horrible.
If I could not believe it, it was ghastly.
It killed me.
I thought, my God, these people are no longer human.
Can you hear me, niggi?
You killed me, niggi.
And left me here to thank the wrath.
You committed the perfect crime.
You killed me.
Niggi, stop.
Laura.
I killed her.
Oh, my God.
I killed my daughter.
Niggi, he made me kill her.
He made me.
I did not want to kill her.
But what could I do?
He blackmailed me.
Die.
What?
No.
No.
No, it can't be.
Not Bob and Niggi.
The carrier wants to kill her.




It is really scary.
And the New Testament is more sweetness than light.
They are both scary.
Yes.
These are both scary.
They are real scary.
Now, unlike like the Scientologists and stuff.
Scientologists.
And some of these other mail order type religions.
I lift my leg against these rival cults.
I see.
Well, now you have to pay many thousand.
Bob uses them as fire hydrants.
Now, basically you have to pay many thousands of dollars to get the secrets out of the Scientologists
and stuff, right?
That is right.
And.
Oh, yeah, $15,000 or something just to get the same kind of lousy advice you'd get for $8 at the local psychic fair.
Uh-huh.
So you guys actually guarantee salvation.
Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
In other words, if you end up at the gates of hell as a result of believing on Bob's word, he'll be there with a $90 check for you.
And that $89.95 book held on five cents in eternity.
And that's all you need.
I mean, you know, but that's, you know, besides the point.
I mean, why Southern Baptists would have to be right for that to be true.
And, you know, if that happened, look, we're all in big trouble.
Let me put it this way.
They said that we were going to go to hell, right?
Uh-huh.
What choice did we have but to start our own religion?
You know, if they're going to back you up against a wall like that, you just have to start from scratch all over again.
Try it.
Change the rules.
Yeah, I mean, some people may think that that can't be done.
And, well, I guess we'll find out the hard way, won't we?
Abandon all hope.
He who enter here.
Ah, can you give me a sentence with the word ismus in it?
Uh-huh.
This must be my lucky day.
Welcome to United.
Ah, yes, dear friend.
We're back, I guess.
And, oh, there's so much tape here, I just don't even know where to start.
But I guess I better start somewhere and explain to you perhaps just what the heck's been going on here in lovely subgenius foundation world.
Oh, listen to that phone going off.
He, he, no way, man.
Forget it.
And, ah, yes, yes, yes.
We do have.
Uh, tapes and tapes galore stacked up.
A wonderful new album from, uh, the Rudy Schwartz project is here.
Uh, Joe Newman's new album on Sealand Records, so you can actually get it in the United States.
We've got, uh, well, there was a lot of PR since the last show.
Um, the Fox network actually deigned to lower themselves to allow the church of the subgenius on network TV.
It was on the John.
Stewart show.
And, um, we'll just play some little clips from that.
So it's not to, you know, infringe anybody's copyright or anything.
Because it's sort of, uh, you know, trying to explain the church of the subgenius in ten minutes.
Well, five minutes.
Four and a half minutes.
It's tricky.
And, uh, also, uh, did an interview with, uh, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy at K-Rock there in New York.
He was, uh, trying to pretend he didn't already know everything about the church of the subgenius.
But, but more than that, friends, why, there's, there's, uh, there's records, actual records here from subgenius members.
There's some tapes I haven't even begun to listen to.
And we've got lots of the old sad stuff.
Yes, we could, we're gonna kind of do a combination old-timer show and, uh, new introduction to the church.
Uh, Fudge McGurger, you know.
Because it is a satanic cosmos, friends.
It's small, it's inexpensive, but it reaches millions.
And it's growing in better condition.
And it's getting closets everywhere.
Incidentally, we recently, uh, learned last night that the Hour of Slack is going to be one of the first radio shows in history to be, uh, broadcast worldwide over the internet.
And that is actually, uh, technically feasible.
I was kind of surprised myself.
But if you have the right equipment, you, uh, would be able to, uh, pick up the Hour of Slack being broadcast from the Sun site.
Uh, uh.
In, uh, North Carolina.
Praise Sun site.
What, what this means, although, you know, most of you don't, I mean, if you're hearing this on the radio, it's a moot point.
But what this means is that, uh, the, we can say that we're, that there's no place in the world where you can't technically receive the Hour of Slack.
They can't get Rush Limbaugh in Moscow.
Well, maybe they can by shortwave.
But can they get it in Beijing?
You, people can get it in Beijing.
People will literally be able to listen to this show and a few others, um, in any corner of the world they would want to go to.
And that little piece of music back there was Stevie Ray Vaughan, of all people, with a, a, a song that I had to play just because of the title of it.
Stang's Swang.
Yeah, I like that.
Uh, the, the swangin' meat Jesus, huh?
And it is like no other Jesus you've ever seen before.
But let's put on this, uh, Arnold Mathis here in the background.
That's a little bit more, uh, spaced out and full.
Um, this Arnold Mathis is, uh, Galaxy A-Go-Go.
It's, it's spacey.
Okay, um, well, we, we shall continue.
Well, let's, let's just go, let's forget about Bob just for a few minutes and go directly to, uh, uh, the Rudy Schwartz project.
Yes.
Uh.
And, uh, we have a new album, um, called, now get this, Gunther Packs a Stiffy.
That's the title of the new Rudy Schwartz project, Joe Newman album on Sealand.
And, uh,
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
I'm the guy who's trying to tell a lie that would exist
I eat all the schmuppin' since then
Slowly slid it in both my wrists
Metaphorically speaking, that is
Would you F.I.B. to the FBI
Which told you them a dirty lie
Everything doesn't turn out alright
My, my, my, my, my
Would you F.I.B. to the FBI
Which told you them a dirty lie
Now make me have some apple pie
My, my, my, my, my
Play it now
Play it now
Play it now, my baby
Oh, ooh, oh, ooh
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Yes, dear friends, that Rudy Schwartz project,
our good friend Joe Newman,
and I'm going to give you a number
to write down.
Write to and to call.
This is also Rudy Schwartz project
in the background.
In fact, it is the dance theme
from the incredibly strange creatures
who stopped living and became mixed up zombies.
Classic feature film.
Rudy Schwartz project is finally available
at Post Office Box 4542
in Austin, Texas,
780,
765.
That's Box 4542,
Austin, Texas,
78765.
Telephone 512-371-0986.
And that's distributed by Sealand Records,
which is basically negative land.
So you just take,
you can also take your negative land information
and order the Rudy Schwartz project album
through Sealand Records.
And yes.
And because, you know, friends,
just as you are spurred by your differentness
and mysterious unnameable foresees,
these words on this show must be here.
They must be broadcast here to lead you,
you, specifically you, to enlightenment.
Not unlike a pig to slaughter.
But my friend, you,
You are about to learn secrets once revealed only to faithful students of vast quantities of rigorous cosmic lore.
But this time, without the boring recitations, priestly mumbo-jumbo, and hocus-pocus.
Because you, yes you, are about to enter the Akashic Records and play them at 78 RPM.
This is addressed to people who have the intention to work.
And clearly if it is addressed to those people, it is intended to be accepted and acted upon.
And this is emphasized by the final passage.
It is intended to be taken as a way of life.
We ourselves wish to work.
We must ask ourselves whether this document represents for us a way of life.
A way of life.
You know, Bob called sex the divine battle.
But is there an unbridgeable, undestroyable barrier between men and women that will keep them forever warring against each other?
Sure there is.
And if you don't believe it, you'll see it.
It's just been a heck of a war so far here.
We're trying to march all the slack squads back to their barracks now.
And they're a little bit hard to deactivate.
They get belligerent late at night.
But they seem to be able to make it.
We're going back to the barracks here.
Look, they've started now.
This is what we call the monster beach party.
Hey, well, so welcome to the subgenius beach party.
Yes, last week it was in Houston on KPFA.
You'll never know where the subgenius beach party is.
And don't you wish you did.
Oh, dear, that ding.
Felt great.
Well, Dr. Howell, is there any way you can fight through the sound effects and tell us about the relationship between the demopods and the ussopods?
Well, the demopods and the myriapods got together at the end.
No, demopods and ussopods.
Oh, the demopods.
It says right here on the script.
We're supposed to...
I didn't understand that.
I thought you meant...
You meant this.
This script right here.
The one with the red lines on the cover.
Listen, never read anything with red dots.
I never believe anything with red dots.
It says read addresses that people don't like on the show.
God, they're coming in from all sides.
Too many buttons to push.
Too many tape recorders to watch.
This is the golden age of offensive comedy.
I'm your host, Philip Crawley.
And I'll be taking you down the alleyways which turn off the back streets of the old town of radio yesteryear.
We'll be listening to objectionable humor involving senseless violence.
Godless filth.
Deviant sexual behavior such as fisting and felching.
But let's start with racial slurs.
I am a subgenius.
And by that virtue, I am in touch with forces greater than men.
I dare you to kill me.
I am not a duper conspiracy.
I know more than they do.
I am a subgenius.
That's all I need to be.
I'm one of the good guys.
I shall prevail.
Let out the crazy man inside you.
He knows what's what.
Smile when you call me a fanatic.
Me primate.
Me overman.
I shall do the piece.
Give me your money.
You won't need it.
The future offers you nothing but destruction.
What do they believe in?
Everything.
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
Bob never said there was anything wrong with repenting on your deathbed, just in case.
In fact, we sort of recommend, just in case, the rival cults are right.
You know, if you see that Mack truck coming at you head on, go,
Oh, I believe in you now, Jesus.
Okay, I'm forgiven.
Whoa.
Whoa, that was a close one.
Now, this, now, I saw you.
All you have to do is pay lip service.
I mean, that's been made obvious over the centuries.
I saw you on the Jon Stewart show just recently, and I noticed, well, God, I mean, there's a lot of stuff going on there,
but what you were managing to do in five minutes there was pretty interesting.
Praise God!
All right, sir, what do you got on your hand there?
Is that a special religious thing, or were you at a club last night?
We all have to do that.
Oh, do we?
We have other ones in other places, but you don't want to know.
No, I don't, sir, I don't.
Tell me about this.
We're all very excited.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Who is Bob?
Well, now, you're giving me ten minutes to explain the unexplainable.
Sir, I'm giving you four and a half.
Oh, okay.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, my friend.
Well, who is this man, Bob?
I asked you first.
Okay.
Well, I wish somebody would explain it to me to tell the truth.
Bob Dobbs came and comes again and again to this plane, this planet, in order to,
bring slack, yes, slack to the mutants, the misfits, and the abnormals.
That would be us.
The, the, and talk show hosts, disbelievers, and those who will believe anything.
The reason he has done this was because in the 50s, he underwent his, what we call his divine immaculation.
He was a mere salesman at that time.
I see. What was he selling?
Anything.
He was the man who can sell anything.
He's the legendary saint of sales.
I see.
He discovered.
He discovered that there was a conspiracy of normal people robbing away the slack, John.
The original slack with which everyone was born.
Even you.
I still live with my mom.
What do you want from me?
Do you have enough, do you have enough slack?
I have slack.
How do you know?
You know, as the Hell's Angels said, those who know don't say, and those who say don't know.
Then I don't know.
And I shouldn't even be talking about it.
No, you shouldn't.
Is the world gonna end?
That's what I'm asking you.
Is, do you have a prophecy of doom here for us?
The world will end for those who deserve it.
For those who have the discernment to purchase their, to prove their faith in Bob, shall we say, by purchasing their $30 membership ministership.
So we have to send you, alright.
Those who, wait, wait, wait, now we're getting somewhere.
Yeah.
Alright.
We are.
So basically here's your deal.
For $30, you don't die at the end of the world.
For $30, you get two paradises.
One while you're alive, one after you're dead.
And the subgenius hell, John.
But for $30, we don't have to go to the subgenius hell.
No, you want to go to the subgenius hell.
Just that, it's so much fun.
That's what you're gonna need to prepare yourself for the ecstasy of subgenius heaven.
Do you need money in the subgenius hell?
Well, let me put it this way.
If, what we're peddling is eternal salvation or triple your money back.
And I challenge any other religion.
That's terrific.
Jim Biker, Jimmy Swagger, come on out here.
You get, in other words, if you end up in the normal hell.
Okay.
As a result of praising Bob and.
Okay.
And gaining slack and reading our books, our special pornological irretainments and so forth.
How much are those?
Well, those are extra.
Just look at the back of the book for the catalog.
Okay.
If you end up being, getting eternal damnation instead, Bob Dobbs will be there at the gate of hell with $90, triple your money back.
That's terrific.
Well, that's certainly a guarantee.
And the $89.95 book, hell on five cents.
Hey, it's better than the second hog line, my friend.
Hey, $33.95, that kills you.
Oh, the, you were talking about Jim Jones.
No, I wasn't.
I was talking about Jim Jones and, and David Koresh.
Yes.
Those guys were pikers, amateurs.
Pikers, nothing.
Induct me, give me a little ceremony.
Give me a little something to, to bring me into the Bob thing.
Without the, I'll give you the 30 bucks.
Well, I can give you a demonstration of what we do.
We, we hold devivals.
Okay.
We're not like these other religions where the preachers have to preach to the pew packers and the saved.
We're out there in bar, nightclubs, bars.
Yeah.
Preaching to the sinners.
I like that word, pew packer.
And, and it, and it's not because, it's not, Bob did not come to forgive anybody's sins.
Okay.
It's because he doesn't frankly care about your sins.
All right.
He comes to bring an excuse, which is what we really need.
Can, can we do it?
What we like to do at our devivals and so forth among, well, we do see, have healings and sickenings, depending.
Sickenings.
And, you, would you like one of those?
We can kind of do that at the same time.
No, no, thank you.
We have the Shang Dong.
I have, you know.
Short duration marriages so that, you know, for 24 hours anything you do is sanctified.
Oh, that's very nice.
But there is a beautiful thing.
Beautiful, really a beautiful ceremony.
Okay.
Which I can just show you with this handy chopping block.
Okay, great.
That happens to be here.
Great.
This was invented by Reverend Buck Naked in Dallas.
Okay.
And it's meant to demonstrate the difference between the conspiracies doctrine of time control, time control.
Yeah.
Time control.
Okay.
And the subgenius doctrine of time control.
Okay.
Okay.
A guy named Buck Naked came up with this.
Now, but I need your help.
You need my help?
I'm with you.
I'm with you.
I'm with you.
Not the other Buck Naked.
Okay.
Do you have a watch or something on you?
I haven't had one in my pocket.
In your pocket?
Yeah.
I don't wear one.
I don't think.
There you go.
What do you think?
This is nice.
My grandpappy should.
Well, it's good that you don't have it, you know, on your wrist all the time because what
this really is, friends, is a hand.
This is a set of handcuffs.
Okay.
This is the conspiracy controls your time by handcuffing you to one of these things.
Here is the subgenius form of time control.
Whoa.
I almost hit the mic.
Yeah.
And it's still ticking.
It's a miracle, dear friends.
Sorry about the watch, but you're free now, man.
By the way, you'll notice that I wear a watch, but as Bob Dobbs said, I don't practice what
I preach because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
The Reverend Ivan Stein is going to stick around a while while I fleece him for another
watch.
We'll be right back after this.
Let's love this.
You can have this, too.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
John Stewart was the subgenius form of time control whereby we simply take a big
sledgehammer and smash the watch to pieces.
I wanted to do it while he had the watch on, but he chickened out.
I mean, he didn't have enough faith in Bob and I don't blame him.
In fact, Bob probably smiles upon those who have the least faith in him.
Yeah.
You actually encourage hate.
Bob encourages his followers to hate him as well as to hate Bob.
Well.
We're just the only ones that come out up front.
You know, we come right out with the hate doctrine.
With most of the rival religions, it's not that they, it's not really that they love God all that much.
It's that they love the idea of the rest of us going to hell.
And they talk love this and love that, and their whole thing is based on hate and everybody's not packing the pews along with them.
We're just, we're just going to bypass all of that and go ahead and hate everybody.
You know, let's get down to the point of having a religion.
Hate them.
That's who we've, you know, Bob has ordered us to hate not only them, and that means everybody but us.
And also, in fact, for most subgeniuses, it includes most of us.
Hey, yes it does.
And that's a good place to break in with a little disclaimer.
You notice.
Just on that Jon Stewart show, I credited the former subgenius pastor, Buck Naked of Dallas, for the watch smashing concept.
And when I got back to town, there was a call from Buck saying,
please don't ever, ever associate me with the church of the subgenius anymore.
He said, you know, you can go ahead and use my old ideas, my old songs, but I hate the church now.
And I'm in a new cult, and I've sent out a letter.
I'm in a new cult, and I've sent out a letter about what an evil man you are.
Even though I still like you, Reverend Stagg, since you're such a coward and a jerk and bad guy and so forth.
And since you've sold out so much, Buck just doesn't want to.
So, okay, from now on, don't even think about Buck Naked as being a subgenius.
He was a great subgenius when he was a subgenius.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.








That's where all the different types of subgeniuses go.
And it's a shame that he feels that way, friends, but the less said, the better.
You know, the problem with most people is they're mired in this silly, pathetic kind of hate.
This, oh, I hate my job.
Oh, I hate the president.
Or, oh, I hate the president's critics.
I hate my hair today.
I hate myself.
Friends, I mean, that's it.
That's just a sorry, sickening kind of hate.
If you're going to hate, hate fully.
Hate with gusto, with relish.
Get some slack out of your hate.
We advise people on, you know, drive down, drive through the neighborhoods of those you hate the most.
Feed your hate.
Pump it up.
You know, just get it big.
Get on a big hate.
A big hate on.
And you'll find.
You'll find that you gain quite a bit of slack out of that.
And you'll, for the end, will in fact be a lot less likely to want to punch out the next person that irritates you.
Instead, you will have the slack to sit back and wield your hate in a more effective way.
A more sneaky way.
A way you can get away with.
A way you won't be caught.
Made me do things.
Terrible things.
It forced me.
It forced me to do strange things in front of the head.

I was humiliated.
Negi relied on mental torture to break me down.
I didn't want to do it.
I did not want to kill her.
It was Negi.
I did not want to kill her.
It was Negi.
And he had the photograph.
And it was Negi.
He said he wanted lives.
He wanted others.
Others that they could use.
Like they used me.
Bob is the gun and you are the bullet.
The showdown is fast approaching.
The church is still unknown, but its infectious doctrines spread across continents.
Church headquarters, the first Megafis temple lodge, is housed in this Dallas skyscraper, from which Dob's secret mandates are issued to his agents in the dreaded Brotherhood of Bob.
But this mighty edifice represents but the tip of a wandering rogue.
The words, hymns, and sound effects of Dob's are disseminated on a weekly basis to thousands of devout radio listeners in most major cities, even as far away as China and darkest Africa.
This show is so popular that we're studying it from all angles.
You can even watch this show on Channel X.
As Hal plays the microphone and flies backwards around the other side of the planet.
The subgeniuses in China have to listen on shortwave radios.
Very hard.
You'll notice we've switched to spewage music for the background for this segment of the show.
As the psychic surgery is performed, Dob's sweaty brow is wiped by a small nuclear explosion.
Oof. All better now.

The show is now on.
The show is now on.
The show is now on.
Hello.
You're improving, Jack.
You just can't seem to get over it.
You're not getting rid of that streak of honesty in you.
He gave you a vision of moral order in the universe, and there isn't any.
Those stars twinkle in a void, dear boy, and the two-legged creature schemes and dreams beneath them all in vain.
All in vain, Jack.
Did you hear anything?
Listen to me.
Two-legged creature won't believe anything.
And the more preposterous, the better.
Whales speak French at the bottom of the sea.
The horses of Arabia have silver wings.
Pygmies mate with elephants in darkest Africa.
I have sold all those propositions.
And they were all fools, and none of it matters.
Ah.
Ah.


Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.

Ah.
Ah.
Ah.


Ah.



Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.
What sins do you have to confess, my son?
I have sinned.

Well, Father, I, uh...
You can say it.
God will forgive.
I don't know.
It's pretty bad, Father.
I, uh, I don't know.
Remorse is the first step to absolution, son.
But this is really, really bad.
I've heard worse, my son.
I assure you, I used to work near the daycare center.
But, no, I, this is just, just about the absolute worst thing you're ever gonna hear.
Well, then, all the better you confess it.
Well, it's, it's that, uh, I, I love Jesus.
You love Jesus?
Yeah.
Well, that's no sin, my son.
In fact, it...
No, no, Father, you, you don't understand.
I love Jesus.
You love Jesus?
Yeah.
Did you ever take a good look at him?
Well, I...
I mean, he is one good-looking man.
I mean, if you ever get a, get a look at one of those full-bodied renderings...
Yeah.
...like on your stained glass window over there, check out the ass on that guy.
Bah, bah, bah, boom!
I mean, that is one heck of a nice tush.
Uh, uh...
Jesus is the full serving of what I like.
Hey.
He could sure turn my water into wine.
Ooh, ho!
I'd like to jump his resurrected bones.
Wouldn't mind taking a peek under that roll-bares.
Peek-a-boo!
Who's in there?
Holy hunk!
Heh, heh, heh!
I think I died and gone to hunk heaven.
Oh.
He could be my salvation, I'll tell you.
Whoa, ho, ho!
Save me, Jesus!
Save me!
Use your big, strong arms and save me!
Son.
Hold me tight!
Son.
Then I'll get on my knees and pray!
Stop, stop, stop!
Please, please stop!
You're right.
I don't know if I can forgive you.
You're sick.
Oh, it, it gets worse, Father.
No, don't, don't tell me.
I want to do it!
Why, son!
My son, the, the Catholic Church does not condone such behavior.
I'm sorry, Father.
I'm sorry, Father.






I am a JP2 and I am here to be saying that you should not have the sexual intercourse.
For God has said in his master plan that it is a sin to lay with another unless you have
been married.
I am the Pope.
You must be married or you cannot have sexual intercourse.
Please, not to be having the sexual intercourse.
If you should want to go and do the nasty with the dope fly hole, don't be hasty.
Wait until the wedlock and you won't regret it.
And if you don't wait, you will burn in the eternal fires of hell.
You will be dying in hell and you will suffer.
And your skin will boil and you will be suffering and blistering and burning.
Well, baby might have the butt, she might have the cute butt, but the earthly reward
will put you in a rut because God has a plan.
If you spoil it, you will be burning and boiling in the hot oil.
You will be burning and boiling in the hot oil.
You will boil on judgement day.
I am the pope.
I am the Pope.
You should listen for the nuns.
You must listen to the pontiff and you cannot be going wrong.
I'm part of God's posse and I have the long hat.
If the prince of darkness should be leading your astray, waste him with your rubbish and
drive away.
Wait a minute, no, stop the music.
Wait a minute, stop the music.
I have to go back.
It's my own loss so I am going back.









You should listen for the nuns.
Stop the music. I cannot say these things.
Is there a problem, Your Holiness?
I am sorry, but I cannot say this.
The Catholic Church does not advocate the murdering of any kind.
Look, Your Holiness, if you want to reach the kids, you know, you've got to spice it up like we talked about.
I will not glorify murder even of the devil.
All right. Change the line if you want. You know, just, you know, make it hip.
I know what to say. I know what to say.
Listen to the pontiff and you cannot be going wrong.
I am part of the God's posse and my heart is long.
If the prince of darkness should lead you astray, you tell him,
Hey, you jive turkey man, you shut up, you.
I will not listen to you, you demon man, you.
You are a prince satan.
Get behind me.
And listen to the nuns.
The nuns know what they are saying.
The nuns have abstained from the sexual intercourse that is so sinful.
Tell the devil to go away.
Read the Bible every day.
I swear there's nothing on the radio but...
Nothing on but this, friends.
And, uh...
Oh, but we've got a wonderful little piece of propaganda here in the email
that I thought I should share with you
to the tune of Doctors for Bob in the background.
Let's see, I've got this from...
This was sent to us by Andy Jacobson
from Dr. Memory, Nuclear UCLA.
dot edu.
And it came to him through various different...
The cyber salon transmission.
The title of it is
Very Scary Politics.
Forwarded message.
Quoting Rex Bennett.
To all.
According to Ralph Reed,
director of the Christian Coalition,
the religious right is going to use...
Bob Dole and the new wave of right-wing victories
in a major attempt to seize power
for the Christian Coalition and other Christian groups.
He is asking members of his 1.5 million group
to ease off abortion issues for a while
and direct all their energies to achieving
a major stranglehold on government
through right-wing legislation.
Their strategy is to replace government
with organized religion, wherever.
One major objective is to weaken
non-right-wing media availability
by undermining the public broadcasting networks
while funneling government taxes into religious coffers,
thereby increasing the propaganda and control potential
for the religious right.
Reed says that Gingrich's 10-point contract with America
is the perfect plan for achieving this
and that he intends to rally the full strength
of his organization and its members,
to pressure congressmen to pass the legislation required.
Public broadcasting does not promote Christian values
and is too humanistic in nature, according to Reed.
The wide availability of science programming
also weakens religious faith.
The presentation by public broadcasting
of social and cultural information
on those not in the religious mainstream
confuses the public and leads them away from the church,
and to the Christian values.
Reed says that he wants religious programming
to place its own imprint on the public knowledge base
and that the recent Republican victories
have given him, quote,
faith that they can attain what they have always sought,
a sense of legitimacy and a voice in the conversation
that we call democracy.
Besides the elimination of public broadcasting,
Reed stated that it is crucial to gain control
of education and school systems
by using tax dollars to underwrite their efforts.
He wants to abolish the education department
and give states grants for scholarships or vouchers
for public or private schools,
including religious institutions.
In other words, not only do they not have to pay taxes,
but they get to collect them.
He indicates this is where their real efforts will pay off
and will cause a massive influx of capital
into the Christian network.
Every effort will be made to replace inefficient public schools
with more effective private ones,
and that means primarily religious organizations,
since they already have the structure and the power to do so.
Profitability will allow Christian Network
to enlarge and expand religious programming
on television and radio, as well as in the print media.
He also, of course, wants to reinstate public prayer
in all public schools.
Reed says that it is crucial that they abolish funding
for the Legal Services Corporation,
since they represent an alternative power base
for the poor, besides religion.
Reed said that the proper place for the poor
to seek help is in the church.
He also said that the Legal Services Corporation
has helped poor people with over 200,000 divorces annually.
He wants divorce to be far more difficult to attain
and would like to see it made expensive.
Reed says that we must dismantle the federal welfare system
and shift responsibility for the poor back to the church.
And we know how kind-hearted those churches are, friends.
Public welfare has made poor people too independent
of organized religion, and he says this is not healthy.
He says the poor should be dependent on God
and not the state.
Of course, God would be represented
by the right-wing Christian coalition,
of course.
Reed claims that Newt Gingrich's contract with America
is a godsend that will take power away from the state
and give it back to the church where it belongs.
This is the opportunity that they've been waiting for,
and he indicates that his membership must bring all the power
and influence that they can to force passage
of the Republican contract.
He says that his organization plans to pressure
every congressman and senator,
and that they will launch a massive public vote
in favor of passage.
We want to pull in everyone that we can.
And, uh, well, friends,
I guess, uh, they...
I mean, it's not like it's anything new.
It's just that it's funny how they get a little...
You know, despite all their bitching and griping
about the liberal bias media,
it seems like all you hear is these guys.
Of course, you're listening to Church of the Subgenius right now.
Notice how hard it is to get the signal in.
Notice how you can only hear it in a few cities.
Well, we're gonna change that.
We're gonna do the same things
that any of those other religions do, friends.
Uh, only we're gonna succeed!
And because it's funnier.
And some of the funny stuff that I played a little earlier,
the, uh, that piece there called, uh,
Holy Hunk, the I Love Jesus routine,
and, uh, Pope John Paul doing don't have sex,
and, uh, the Pope John Paul doing don't have sex,
is from a CD called Not For Broadcast.
Uh, a tasteless sketch comedy featuring the radio pirates.
And I don't see an address on here.
It says that it's not for broadcast,
and some of it...
I did have to cut a little bit of, uh,
iffy material out there,
but it looks like it's going to do us lots of good
in the coming, uh, end times.
This was sent to us, by the way,
by the lovely Reverend Velveteen,
at our lovely sister station in Madison, Wisconsin.
And, uh...
Hey...
Oh, DK Jones is in the background.
Let's just listen to this for a second.
And then let's get back to some more of this radio comedy.
Let's see what it sounds like.
What do you want to do?
I don't know.
You want to listen to some devil music?
Devil music's cool.
Maybe later we can go out and throw stuff at cars?
Yeah.
After we throw stuff at cars, we can pee off the overpass?
We better drink some beers.
Then we can kill Mom and Dad?
Yeah, kill Mom and Dad.
Then we can drink some acid?
Yeah, all right.
Then die and take over Hell
and create a huge army of zombie meat people
and send them up to the world of the living to enslave everybody.
And then, when all of you make it,
humanity is reduced to a slobbering, subservient mob.
We'll come back and rule!
If we accomplish this,
I shall no longer go by the name of Steve.
Take the hoses around to the south!
Fire team!
Oh, Inspector, I'm glad you're here.
I see your men have the fire under control.
It completely destroyed the secret laboratory?
Yes, sir.
But I'm afraid your work's just begun.
The plans for the Atomic Fusion Laser Defense System
for America's eastern seaboard?
Missing.
Oh!
And whoever stole them knew his stuff.
Why, the only way to get into this facility was through the keyhole.
The keyhole?
Only one being could have crawled through that keyhole,
stolen the plans, and ignited the entire science compound.
Damn. So he's back, eh?
I curse you.
I curse you, oh, first trimester fetus!
First trimester fetus.
Criminal mastermind!
Sarge, he's back.
First trimester fetus?
Check.
Damn. You know, Inspector, it wasn't long ago that he and his kind had no rights at all.
But now...
But now, yes.
We realize that the unborn are not only people such as you and I,
but they are capable of love, joy...
And envy, greed, lust.
He's not just protoplasm, he's a person.
And he's...
evil.
First the armored car robbery,
then the worldwide distribution of counterfeit Fabergé eggs.
His heart may not develop for another trimester,
but when it does, it will be black as night!
If only we could get fingerprints, sir.
If only he had fingers.
Slimy gob of cells.
Sarge, that slimy gob of cells has got the laser defense plans.
No!
I'd give anything to know where that satanic blob of tissue is right this minute.
You were brilliant.
Brilliant, first trimester fetus.
Thank you, Lola.
I guess they'll take me more seriously now.
Kiss me.
Not now.
But...
Later, when I've grown lips.
But I'm tired of waiting.
Lola, darling, I'm growing as fast as I can.
Why, by next week, I'll be three or four hundred undifferentiated cells.
And then we can be married.
Why, uh...
Sure, baby.
Say, light a cigarette for me and hold it over my beaker.
Here.
Uh...
Ah, we'll never find his secret lair.
Wait, there's an abortion clinic.
They might know something.
Get out of our way!
This is a police emergency!
Oh, wait, Sarge.
Sir?
I just realized we have no photo of first trimester fetus for witnesses to identify.
Grab one of these posters with an aborted fetus on it, will you?
Let go of your sign, lady.
No, God himself has called me.
I got it.
Let's go.
Doctor, doctor, we're police.
Yes, officer.
We need some information.
Take a good look at this poster.
Have you seen a fetus matching this description?
Let me take a look here.
Yes, it looks, it looks, it would look so helpless.
And, oh, maybe abortion is wrong.
Forgive me, Jesus.
Snap out of it, doctor!
Try to set aside your sympathy for precious unborn lives.
The fetus we're looking for is a cold-blooded killer.
Why, you don't mean first trimester fetus criminal mastermind?
We do.
You've seen him?
His lair is in an abandoned warehouse across town.
Thank you, doctor.
Let's go.
Listen up, all of you pro-life wackos.
I have the right to choose, and I choose to find this fetus and fill him full of lead.
Take cover.
Stay around.
What's our next move?
First, we smuggle the laser plans to Bulgaria.
I've made all the arrangements.
There's a freighter full of jello leaving at midnight.
But there will be one extra bowl of gelatin on board.
Brilliant.
Hold it right there, you microscopic Machiavelli.
The police!
Inspector, wait.
Stand back.
I've got a sperm right here, and if you make one false move, I'll strangle him.
Why, you.
Sarge, no.
The semen.
Let the sperm go, fetus.
I'm leaving now.
See you later, sucker.
Bye.
Bye.
He's gone.
You'll never find him.
He may be just a fetus, but he's more man than you'll ever be.
At least my sex has been determined, but I'm not through.
I'll get you, first trimester fetus!
And now, some more Rudy Schwartz project from the new album Gunther Packs a Stiffy.
There's been some really weird briefly sex-ㅠㅠ cricket.

We're catching Macon, that's why RonО właśnie этот called the Greatacao.
The common allowed name was thusосьI, I guess.
Our attempt was tooh.
And it tirar

Ooh!
Oh no!
You sound like a high-level head of aiggerou.
"...unторов par surprising guy."

guitar solo
solo
solo
solo
solo
solo
Who for them Dallas Cowboys are coming on the table?
I thought it makes the cast look like they knew
It's like they know
Damn you, I was watching that football game.
I want to watch Porn Dog Theater.
You can watch that some other time.
I'm watching them Dallas Cowboys.
Now, there's no reason to set this up.
Okay, excuse me.
Come on, come on.
Yes, sir.
Waldo, them Cowboys are driving through the big scar.
Turn it back to the football game.
No.
Damn it, Waldo.
You got three seconds to change that channel.
One, two.
God damn it, Waldo.
Damn it, what's up with that?
Get out of the car, sir.
Damn it, I'm going to learn how to play now.
You remember, I'm not here to hear about me.
I'm just also upset.
Hey, Waldo, did you order a pizza?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I vow.
Here this night this way.
You will drink the black sperm of my vengeance.
Here's Buck Owens.
Who raised up brain squelchy, made it glisten with pain,
and served up beer?
Big stupid, so yous all take a drink.
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Who spent Sunday morning praising in church,
then danced from the touchdown when he's doing God's work?
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Yip-de-tum-landry, won't you come out tonight
with your Cowboys in heat and sweet Jesus inside?
Crum-fish on pickup trucks, who could it be?
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Who danced around naked with long dangling meat?
Down at the school yard, let the girls get a pee.
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Who says he's sorry for what he's done?
For playing pre-birded and flashing his bun?
He's a good ball player.
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me. Who says he's sorry for what he's done?
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Put Roger Stavok in the governor's seat.
Illegal abortions and white bread to eat.
Ask any Cretan you happen to see
about the Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
I just want to kill for God.
I just want to kill for God.
I just want to kill for God.
I just want to kill for God.
I just want to kill for God.
I just want to kill for God.
I just want to kill for God.
Who made roly-poly, roly-poly, roly-poly?
Hot dang it's spicy cheese ball.
Let all them friends and neighbors come a-calling,
cause anything's good if it sits on a wrist.
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
What kind of thing is it that's got one head like Andrew's?
The other head like Bob Tilton's.
And two scoops of raisins,
cause that's the only way he could get it to
sit up straight at the gawd darn table.
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Yip-dee-tum-landry, won't you come out tonight?
Put your hair up in curlers, pull your nipple rings tight.
Stretch your urethra around a sycamore tree.
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Yip-dee-tum-landry, won't you come out tonight?
Put your hair up in curlers, pull your nipple rings tight.
Stretch your urethra around a sycamore tree.
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
The Dallas Cowboys, Jesus and me.
Me, Jesus and me.
I'm out driving for the touchdown score.
I'm out driving for the touchdown score.


I'm out driving for the touchdown score.
Yes dear friends, um, a beautiful beautiful moment there
from...hey, where's my mixing...?
Where's my devices?
Okay, yeah, that was, um,
with Joe Newman of the Rudy Schwartz project,
new album, Gunther packs a stiff.
It's got a great picture of Waldo here,
Waldo as the little girl.

guy who talks like this.
And, uh, inmate, well, I'll give you that number again one more time, uh, for information.
Joe Newman at P.O.
Box 4542, Austin, Texas, 78765.
Uh, yes, and I think it's time for me to do some, uh, subgenius, uh, addresses and so
forth as well.
Friends, you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack here in the hideous
Dallas, Texas, uh, where we teach them to shoot at presidents and at people who shoot
at presidents.
And you can write for free information from the Church of the Subgenius.
Uh, if you throw in a stamped self-addressed envelope, that would help a lot.
And, uh, you got that pencil ready?
I'm sure you just about do.
Just write to Bob.
It's that simple.
Uh, at post office.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Once again, dear friends, that's Bob, or the Hour of Slack, or Subgenius Foundation, what
have you, at a box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And, uh, here's an email address for you.
That's i.stang at metronet.com.
For you civilians, that means i.stang at metronet.com.
And, uh, if you need to send us a fax, that's 214-320-1561.
You know, because there really are two churches, friends.
Two versions of the Church of the Subgenius.
There's the public church for the fans, the bobbies, and the other human suckers.
And then there's the true church, that one which has always existed, albeit by a thousand
different names, and which is composed of those rare doctors, apostles for Bob, and
fishers of wallets, who truly kno slack.
Ironically, you know, most true subgeniuses...
have never even heard of the church yet, and are still latent.
But in the meantime, you can continue listening to this station, recognize those of true intellectual
status, and surround yourself with them.
Those who run things now are lost.
They're lost, friends.
But those who will control things tomorrow still have hope.
And we, friends, we are those tomorrow people.
Ah, yes.
.

.







.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.


.
.
.
.
here it is.
See it didn't take long at all.
In real-time, Arnold Mathis, we had DaVinci series cast.

This is a wonderful syntho soundtrack-y type of stuff
by Good Arnold.
But instead I want to play something really ugly to end up...
Oh no, it's near the end of the show.
I was going to play Shock the Livin' Gee out of me by Doctors for Bob.
Well we'll start it.
And we'll finish it next week.

I will then.
But why?
Why will you call me mad?
Could a mad man have written songs such as these?
I think not.
I'm not mad.
I'm merely an ordinary person seeking life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
My pursuit of happiness includes machine gunning 127 innocent children.
If that's mad, go ahead, lock me up.
Just because I enjoy washing my face in the blood of infants and children, I don't mean













to be a mad man.
Is that any reason to lock me up?
I think not.
I've even got a piece of paper that says my mind is still okay.
Hell, I bet that guy down at the employment agency who wouldn't give me a job just because
I'd been locked up one time, bet he ain't got a piece of paper that says his mind is
still okay.
Hell, I tried to tell them it was not me, it was the green energy demons, but they merely
laughed at me.
But now those green energy demons are ruling the world.









They're not laughing, they're not leaving the planet, they're not laughing right so
hard now, are they?
But that wasn't nearly as bad as that time they shocked the living geek out of me.
I tried to explain it was not me, it was the brain, the brain of Arnold Palmer, which was
controlling my mind via laser beam, via the FBI, via the CIA, via the Communist Party,
via satellite.
It was the demon, the demon that forced me to do the deed.
I was a demon.

I was a symbol would he.
I was a symbol would he.
I was a symbol would he?
Oh, God, that's a big believed statement.
People I, I was most lovely but people I was most trying to fix only again, me.
Come on.
I got to be in a scene now and be clear.
Much please don't go at the people who tease you.

I got to apart from the best, and I'm gonna함n so if I'm going to fight, that's many and

Thank God he was.
Hurt nobody,anesバ.
In fact, I kind of enjoyed it when they shocked the living shit out of me.
I mean, that time they ran over my face with a pickup truck.
Oh, yeah, that was fun.
