You gotta tell the truth, the truth, yeah.
We don't need a whole lot of lies.
Communication, yeah.
It's coming on strong.
Woo.
Don't give it down, baby.
If your hair is short or long.
I said, get out of your grave.
Oh, everybody is dancing in the street.
Why?
Do what you know.
Don't be slow.
You gotta practice what they preach.
Yeah.
Cause it's time for you and me.
Come to fake reality.
Forget about the past, baby.
Things ain't what they used to be.
Gosh.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slag.
Sponsored by the church of the subgenius.
Whose primary characteristics are that they're congenital liars and murderers.
And they would if they could kill every one of us.
Don't want my brother's head.
Don't want my sister's head.
Oh, I don't know about that.
Not all of us would.

Not all of us would necessarily go that far.
Dear friends.
I mean, some of us are evangelical subgeniuses.
We don't really believe in killing all the pinks on X day.
But friends, I have saved for this particular show all the rants from the X day drill from our greatest preachers who do advocate the mass destruction of the human race.
As opposed to my own.
My own.
My approach, my personal approach, which would be slavery.
You know, it's like the, as Jayner has said, there is a use for the pinks.
But I'm not going to get involved in trying to argue that right now.
We will go back into those recordings of more hate, more hair curdling hate than you can shake a brick at.
And we will play every little hook and winker.
Of these types.
Money Bob here, friend.
Sex money Bob will be using this new type from Cthulhu at Radar Labs as a background or transitional material.
Had to go from one thing to another.
But friends, first, I did actually want to read something straight here.
That was in the Dallas Morning News this morning.
Doesn't have a dang thing to do with the X day drill.
But it is about the Disney, the boycott of Disney by the Southern Baptist Convention.
Which you can well imagine since that was decided in Dallas.
And this is, of course, the buckle on the so-called Bible Belt.
And since we are the avowed unbucklers of said Bible Belt.
Anyway, I was amused by this letter from a total stranger as far as I'm concerned.
Laura Ainsworth in Waxahachie, Texas wrote in to the Dallas Morning News.
I'm extremely disappointed with the Southern Baptist resolution to boycott Disney.
In all of the discussion of this issue that's taken place recently, I have yet to hear the following points made.
First.
Christians who condemn homosexuality often like to say they don't hate gays.
And judging from the direct mail letters I've received from some organized Christian groups, I'd have to say that some of them do.
And then she goes on to say, oh, I doubt if these Baptists realize the contribution of gay writers, artists, directors, and blah, blah, blah.
To all the family entertainment they've enjoyed over the years.
The wholesome and enduring community.
And Broadway shows, the classic songs, and clever lyrics.
Apologist.
This because of the artistic talents of many people, both gay and straight.
Last.
The Baptists believe that unrepentant gays will spend eternity in a lake of fiery torment separated forever from God because of their inability to overcome a trait that God seems to have put inside them in the first place.
If this is the case, is hell not enough punishment for them?
Must we forbid them from having health insurance too?
Call me soft, but if gays face eternal damnation anyway, I think it would be nice of the Baptists to let them go to Disneyland first.
And that was from Laura Ainsworth of Waxahachie.
How about that, friends?
I must say.
I must.
Must say.
The demon voice of Ivan Stange.
Repent!
Quit your job!
Slack off!
You have been turned into the freak of insanity by the conspiracy!
Heaven.
Oh, and speaking of hell, here's a Jehovah Hates Fred.
Oh, maybe you might know from, uh, that old band, Doctors for Bob.
It's a little thing.
It's gospel hell music.
It's music for people who know they're going to hell anyway.
It's a little thing called Legs of Fire.
If you know it, sing it like you mean it.
If you know it, sing along.
That was nice.
Well, uh, you're hitting my hair.
Something has happened to me.
Mama can't feel me.
Well, I thought I could get away with slaughter on our wedding day.
Preacher's Manson, boy, better put away your saw.
I said I don't cotton to know God's county law.
But that saw was stolen, at least it's what they said.
So I wrapped up in asbestos from my lice up to my head.
I wrapped up in asbestos that I got from Gregg's.
I only wish I had enough to cover up my legs.
Oh, I've been sinning, sinning, sinning, but I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning, got legs, got legs, got legs of fire.
My head is dry and cool.
So are my arms and tool.
My torso, even more so.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning, got legs, got legs, got legs of fire.
Well, I was selling heroin at the elementary school.
Preacher's Manson, boy, you know that isn't cool.
Good Lord, come to me.
Said my time was up.
When I asked why God, he said because that horse was cut.
Uh-oh, they were shooting up in the bathroom.
Yes, you know it's true.
But they were not getting off.
That's why my soul is through.
Oh, I've been sinning, sinning, sinning, but I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning, got legs, got legs, got legs of fire.
My brain ain't in a flame and my shoulder ain't in pain.
But my toes need a hose.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning, got legs, got legs, got legs of fire.
I was stealing cars for God to try and get them well.
But when my judgment came, he said you'll have to go to hell.
It's true.

It's true.
I gave my son, he said, to pay for all your sins.
But when you brought me that limo, Jader, the door was dented in.
Oh, I've been sinning, sinning, sinning, but I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning, got legs, got legs, got legs of fire.
Oh, my arm is doing fine and my head ain't on the line.
But my knees are crying, please.
But I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning, got legs, got legs, got legs of fire.
Well, I was brown and I was black.

I was a trash in grandma's head with a railroad tie.
Good Lord, come to me.
He said, why did you lie?
When I asked what lie God, he said, you must confess.
That ain't your grandma's head at all.
It's just a bloody mess.
Oh, I've been sinning, sinning, sinning, but I ain't no liar.
Now I'm burning, burning, burning, got legs, got legs, got legs of fire.
Amen.
Now I ask you, I ask you, sir or lady, what's the plan, what's the plan?
Oh.
Hey, you didn't know that one, did you?
I think you're a creature now.
Oh.
Hey, you didn't know that one, did you?

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I think you're a creature now.
I think you're a creature now.
I think you're a creature now.
God, I wish I was doing this live on a real radio station instead of in this little room.
Because I can't remember whether I mentioned two or three takes back,
whether that weird sounding trance mix stuff is called,
called Hate for a Pink Planet by Cthulhu at Radar Labs.
Or actually that's Cthulhu at ourlabs.com.
And I promised we are gonna play some pretty blood curling,
hate filled subgenius ranting,
but first there's just the cutest little song.
I just have to play a little bit more
of that Jehovah H. Fred.
They're such a cute couple of boys.
On that ship there was a bob a rare bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs was a bob on the ship
and the ship in the air,
and the air through the smoke,
and the smoke from the frop,
and the frop from the pipe,
and the pipe from the grid,
and the grid from the bob.
Bob down in the saucer row.
Round round the slack full bob,
bob down in the saucer row.
Round round the slack full bob,
the bob down in the saucer row.
And this next thing coming up is a great song about bobbies.
You bobbies will love this song coming up.
He was a good boy from Arkansas, love Gina and Sturno too.
Lodged the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer like frog smoke and sniffing glue.
He had a bob shirt for $12.95.
Watched her eyes about five times a day.
He sent his paychecks.
To Dallas, Texas.
He's a bobby who's willing to pay.
Cause he's a skull.
Skull farming.
Thank you.
Jehovah hates Fred, dear friends.
And now I'm going to play a tape of a rant by Reverend Groovy G from the X Day Drill.
I've been holding off on this one because it's...
a little bit controversial.
Let me set the scene.
To begin with, this is being preached in rural New York.
It's an audience of mostly Yankees.
And after other folks had finished their rants, up walked Reverend G, Groovy G and his buddy,
in full War Between the States Confederate soldier uniforms.
Okay?
Waving Confederate flags.
And I think they had some subgenius, you know, time control emblems and stuff maybe stuck over part of the emblem on their hat.
It was kind of a combination Confederate and subgenius look.
And you can imagine some of those Yankees in the audience were kind of going,
well, I'm going to reserve judgment on this one.
Okay?
.
.

.
.
.
.
You produce this on a small scale.
You might know these guys very well, pick them up from college, youzos!
You just mess with me, you lot!

While we know a little bit about these저
comentaries you might have had a hard time having a good pun.
They're welcome.

The residents that you're Đây
by classic record,
but maybe of those out there,
are W"?
Anyway,


of the Confederate subgenius axis?
Jehovah One, how ignorant our people are of their own history.
But not all thoughts should be heaped upon your worthless heads.
Because as always, our dreaded enemy, the conspiracy,
has worked doubly hard to twist and obscure the truth about the CSA.
And as is always the case with any effort by our enemies,
agents of the conspiracy right here in our very own church
have worked the hardest to stamp out this sacred knowledge.
So what is the CSA, Colonel Beauregard, you ask?
Before answering that question, let me first ask you a question
about subgenius history in general.
When was the last time that the subgenius really had the upper hand?
When was the last time that we were really in control?
When did we last have all the slack that we truly desired?
Well, according to the official church histories,
you have to go all the way back to Atlantis
to find the last really great subgenius-controlled society.
For reasons that are all too obvious,
the con wants you, the true-bred subgenius,
to think that it was thousands of years ago
since you were last able to crack a whip at a human any old time you pleased.
The con wants you to think that mutants are completely rusty
when it comes to practicing the fine art of human subjugation.
Well, I'm here to tell you, brothers and sisters,
that that plum just ain't the case.
Just a mere 135 years ago, there existed here on this mud ball
a near-utopian subgenius paradise
that puts to shame meager modern outposts of mutanity
such as Dobstown, Malaysia, or Brushwood Folklore Center.
Yeah!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!

Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!



The miracle of subgenius civilization
is now fondly remembered as the Old South or the Confederacy.
Even dumb pink boys, too dumb to realize who they honor,
remain enamored of this period of history
and proudly display its symbols on hats, T-shirts,
and the bumpers of their four-wheel drive vehicles.
Yes, friends, what I am saying tonight
is that the Confederate States of America,
the South, the graycoats,
the guys who caused the war between the states
and were responsible for the wholesale slaughter
of tens of thousands of humans,
were in fact subgeniuses just like you and me.
Yes!
Yes!
Well, with one small exception, of course,
being that as a Southern subgenius,
I am a direct descendant of these proud mutants.
Today, CSA is a small band that has carried the torch
down through the ages of this knowledge.
And I am here tonight to share it with you
as soon as I get my pages straight.
Uh-huh.
Damn that old granddad whiskey I just had to drink
before I got up here.
I come before you tonight with the story of a time
different from this pink-infested one
that we've been forced by the conspiracy
to become accustomed to,
a world where superior mutants
dwelled on a plane of perfect slack.
Conjure up, if you will, in your mind
a mental image of the typical member
of the old South ruling class,
dressed in their white cotton suits,
just like Reverend D.
Reverend Stang.
Outrageous hairstyles, just like Reverend Stang.
Sitting on the porches of their grand mansion,
sipping mint juleps and breathing in the aromatic scent
of their plantation-grown frock.
These were subgeniuses who had achieved perfect slack.
And what was the foundation upon which
this great society was built?
Well, everyone knows that.
That's right, because that is the one great truth
about the Confederacy that the conspiracy has never
been able to cover up.
The reason for our ancestral subgeniuses' life of luxury
was simple.
They enslaved humans.
Yes, the original forefathers of the CSA realized
their own superior mutanthood and took what was theirs
by birthright and forced humans to do their bidding.
It's undeniable that this was a perfect subgenius society.
Not one finger needed to be lifted by a mutant
to accomplish anything.
Lifting of fingers and huge bands.
The tails of cotton were work for humans.
Upon this concept, a great culture flourished.
And for one all too brief moment in history,
and one all too small region of this pitiful country,
there existed a subgenius heaven.
Oh, how we mourn for those days.
And mourn for them we do, because as we are forced
to acknowledge, the original Confederacy was brought down
and destroyed by the forces of the conspiracy.
For as great was the slackness, the lack of a sense of belonging,
the lack of our southern mutant ancestors,
equally great was their egos and the pride
that did surely go before their fall.
Yes, my friends, as has been proven time and again,
the CSA made the fatal mistake of becoming too complacent
and satisfied.
Truly did they learn the great and bitter truth
of the lesson that was revealed here last year
at the drill at 7 a.m. on July 5th.
Do you know that truth that Reverend Stang
revealed to us last year at the drill?
I do, because I was here, and my ancestors know it,
because it caused them to let their guard down,
and in that one weak moment, the conspiracy struck.
But taken by surprise, the old south subgenius ruling class
was still able to muster up battalions of human dupes
all too willing to lay down their lives for their overlords.
And thus was born the great Civil War.
Our ancestors, realizing how enamored humans are
of brightly colored pieces of material waving in the air,
designed a battle flag to lead their poor troops to the slaughter.
And that battle flag had as part of its design
a huge, undeniable X.
For even then did true mutants know about the prophecies
concerning excess and how on one fateful day
the mutants of this world would rise up and gain complete
and total mastery over the humans.
The stars on the flag represent the people of the world.
And so they presented not only the subgenius-controlled states,
but also from whence our salvation would come.
Alas, without Dobbs, they did not realize that X-Day
was not to come for more than a century.
And so they battled the federal forces of the conspiracy for years
until finally, exhausted and drained, they skipped town late at night
and left their remaining human slaves to deal with the consequences.
But certain members of the ruling class of the old south
did not forget the glory of these days,
and they have passed down this knowledge to true sons and daughters of the Confederacy,
and today we are known as the Confederate Subgenius Axis.
We are true, Ubermen!
We embrace and revel in our superiority over the humans.
But with this knowledge and this glorious epic tonight
comes a warning to be ever on guard against the wiles
and duplicities of the conspiracy.
Forget not that there are agents of the real men in black
right here in this very audience tonight,
and if my friend and I were not heavily armed,
there would no doubt have already been attempts on our lives
for what I am revealing tonight.
Especially now, in this final year before X-Day,
must we be our most wary.
Don't take your eyes off the humans for an instant.
You know who they are.
They're easy enough to spot, even in this crowd.
They're everywhere you go, on every street corner.
Shiftless, human.
Dragging down a society that should be free of such scum.
Look at the way they openly eye our mutant women
with their lustful, animal, pink-drenched brains.
These humans think that they are our equals.
Exactly!
They think that they deserve the same rights as us.
Well, the Confederate Subgenius Axis is here tonight
to say that the only, and I repeat,
the only right that a human has,
is to a quick and merciful death.
And we're taking even that one away from them!
The CSA has a zero tolerance policy for humans.
And over the course of the next 365 days,
we plan on proving it by killing one human a day,
every day, until X-Day.
And we want you true-born mutants here in the audience tonight,
especially those of you from the South,
to take this pledge along with us.
One human a day, every day, until X-Day.
Come on, brothers and sisters, repeat it with me tonight.
One human a day, every day, until X-Day.
Say it again.
One human a day, every day, until X-Day.
And once we've got that human,
what are we gonna do, Lieutenant Renis?
And once we've got that rope, what are we gonna do?
That rope!
That's right, we're gonna string them up.
We're gonna take every goddamn human on this planet,
and we are gonna kill.
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!

I'm Colonel Buford G. Thaddeus Beauregard
of the Confederate Subgenius Axis,
and I just want to leave you tonight by saying,
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
I didn't hear what was...
That's pretty harsh.
Groovy G.
That was...
You actually just, really loud, on a loud speaker,
said that these people were gonna kill
one human a day,
from now till X day,
and they all agreed and shouted,
Kill! Kill! Kill!
Teresa, I think we probably should call the sheriff at this point.
I'm a little worried because I am greatly embarrassed
and deeply humiliated that due to unforeseen circumstances
beyond my control of the inner workings and hidden mechanisms
within my chronometer and such,
in accord with the Great Side Rule movement
in which time is generally reckoned,
but without being too far from the truth,
I would guess that there's not very much time left
until daylight ends.
We need our first volunteer for that execution.
Me!
All right! We have the volunteer!
Reverend Groovy, we have your first volunteer.
We just hope that when you do the ceremonies
that you make sure it's up here
and we actually have the videotape running.
You go ahead and get your last supper and everything.
And, uh...
You did that?
Yes, we did.
This is now a recording of the festivities
when we did actually cook and eat the volunteers.
It was a beautiful moment with a lot of...
Praise Bob!
People loved it.
Listen to this crowd.
This is a lovely moment of Dobbsian worship.
Eat Bob! Eat Bob! Eat Bob!
Praise Bob! Eat Bob! Praise Bob!
Eat Bob! Praise Bob! Eat Bob!
Praise Bob! Eat Bob!
I guess the idea was the, uh, the sacrificial, uh,
human, uh, represents Bob or something like that.
Can't get any better.
The sun is out. It'll be sunny tomorrow.
But after a display like that,
I think we need to inject this campground with some real hate.
Yeah!
You don't use your mind to think about your religion.
And I know the presence!
And I know the presence!
And I know the presence!
And I know the presence!
And I know the presence!

And I know the presence!
Hey Bob!
Mr. Bowie!


We've been hit!



Oh, MOO japanese, was this the fall hour?









Leave theaps out,

but if you got a thing,
you'd volunteer it to something are cream,
in a month or two.
podcast conversation

about?
Thenahmen is about to start the s-
analyses,
what you hear, what you say, and what you think.
Now, how much money do you think you're going to make out of this?
Neil doesn't give a...
I had to kill this vermin for Bob!
Praise Bob!
Kill the vermin!
Kill the human!
Kill the pigs!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Kill!
Or kill me.
Sometimes I wonder, you know, uh...
Just...
No.
No, no, no.
But, you know, sometimes I think, but, you know, do the pinks really have to die?
But it's not really their fault.
But can't we just understand each other?
No!
Can't we just all get along?
If we want to stomp out their beliefs by stomping out their lives, doesn't that make us just as bad as them?
No! Because we are better than them!
We're not smarter! We're not richer! We're not more cool!
We're just simply...
Better!
Because we have that man here, Bob Dobbs, and they don't!
And that's all we need to hate them!
Now...
Kill, kill, kill, they say.
Well, I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of man I preach to, as Bob said.
And I hope you aren't either!
Which means you get to live and they get to die.
Somebody has to decide. The sad thing is somebody has to decide who's really a subgenius and who's just a pink.
And, you know, I'm sure everybody here has got somebody there thinking,
God, I can't believe that one guy over there is such a pink.
But who shall decide? Who shall judge?
Who shall judge?
Bob has judged.
Bob has judged by virtue of who has sent in their fucking $30!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Justice may change at any time!
So, you guys can all talk about how we're gonna kill this human or kill that human.
Have you paid?
Or are you just as pink to Bob Dobbs...
...as that pinky over there going down that snake's gullet.
See you on show side two.
If you're not registered, registration is tomorrow from 11 to 4.
You must be registered or we will kill you.
Here's what...
We do have some events tomorrow.
Tomorrow, by the way, is July 5th, 1998.
However, however, we do not celebrate X Day until Sunday.
Now you're saying, well, why?
Well, because the real X Day...
Oh, there you go.
The real X Day will be on Sunday.
So, 7 AM Mass is not tomorrow.
It is Sunday.
So...
Which will be the real X Day next year.
It's a little bit tricky, but anyway.
But tomorrow, here's what's going on.
You can join me and Dr. Legume tomorrow at 1 o'clock, around 1 o'clock,
for the naked Bob-tismal baptisms by me and Legume at the pool.
At 2 o'clock, we've had to postpone the oil wrestling for today,
so we're gonna do it tomorrow.
Probably here, Main Pavilion, 2 o'clock.
Um...
As far as I know, it's the, uh...
The two Jesuses versus Pastor Craig and Pea Kitty,
and Reverend Stang versus Friday Jones and Susie the Floozy.
Those are the...
Those are the two grudge matches.
There might be some other matches.
If you want to oil wrestle someone, just let me know.
You're right.
You're right.
You're right.

You're right.
You're right.
Reverend Nikki...
That's right.
Reverend Nikki is the referee for the event.
No holds barred cage match.
Well, maybe not.
I'm trying to find some cages, for instance, if I can.
Then, you should prepare for the ugly parade.
Get your best clothes on and get ready for the ugly parade.
And the king has already been picked.
The king of the ugly parade is the man.
Pastor Craig will be carried on the chair in the front for the ugly parade.
Following the ugly parade, which is just a parade of weirdness, will be the Last Supper.
Um, there will only be 12 people invited to the Last Supper.
And you only get invited to the Last Supper by buying a raffle ticket.
We will be raffling a...
The raffle tickets are $1.
You buy them from, uh, Dr. Dinosaur, even though he probably doesn't know it until just now.
I just made him the holder of the money.
And we will draw at random the 12 people to join me for the Last Supper.
And I believe it will be holy sacraments of fish sticks and Yoo-hoo.
So your $1 will go to a good, uh, you know, good thing.
It's like you will be fed.
Um...
What? What?
I think we should let him know.
The Yoo-hoo has been provided...
The Yoo-hoo has been provided by me.
Yeah.
The people who drink it will immediately notice that on the bottom of the box it says,
Expires July 5th, 1997.
So this will be the last day for the Yoo-hoo on Earth of the Last Supper for Jesus.
Yeah!
Woo!
Alright!
Now, following the Last Supper is, of course, the crucifixion,
where we decide whether or not we crucify me or Bob.
Last year they picked Bob.
This year...
Jesus!
You'll pick Bob.
Right?
Right?
Okay.
Okay.
We're not sure where that's going to take place, but you'll know.
You'll know.
You'll be gambling for my clothes and you get to, you know, kick me and spit on me.
It's a lot of fun for everyone.
Woo!
Alright!
Following that...
Following that, at about 8 o'clock after the crucifixion,
over at the pavilion over there, not in here, but over there...
Friends, you know it may be my last day on Earth.
No, I certainly hope so.
But, even though it may be my last day, there's still time to make a little money.
If anyone has not yet bought a wrap, we'll take it to the Last Supper and would like to be part of...
No, as you can hear, friends, we actually did all that stuff that the Lord was telling you about.
We've got a lovely photograph of the Last Supper posed.
Exactly like the famous painting.
I still want to serve them, but Dr. Dinosaur suggested against it.
Oh, the fish...
We need some paper to put your names on.
What about the Yoo-hoo?
The miracle of the Yoo-hoo worked, but the miracle of the fish sticks got rotten, friends.
Yeah, there really was...
That Jesus was nailed up.
It was the real fighting Jesus, too, not the stunt Jesus.
Real blood, real...
Oh, my God.
...horror.
It's incredible how much threatened violence and real violence there seems to be at these subgenius events,
along with all the naked mud wrestling and baptizing and so forth.
They seem to go hand in hand, sex and... like sex and violins, you might say.
...so easily impressed.
Monster man.
It will be in his story picture and it will be on the front page of the website.

I can't believe this.
Changing money in the temple.
Yeah, I thought you were supposed to be pissed off about that sort of thing, Jesus.
Well, I'm a different kind of Jesus this time.
Uh-huh.
Learned a few things this time, eh?
A beer waitress, Buffy.
OK, OK.
Still talking, still talking.
I got one fuck up against a PMS.
I can't wait to get off the planet and ain't taking no go.
We're in Italy.
Take this, all of you and your family.






Take this, all of you and your family.
eat it. Okay. For this is my body. But just don't eat it.
Job is sacrifice and others may have slack.
Lord, one fish stick has fed the multitude.
Papa Joe, isn't there something you must go do? Pay the bill or something or maybe go talk to the
police or something? Wait, where is he going?
Uh-oh.
Reverend Nikki, before this night is over, you will betray me three times.
As if she didn't do that three times an hour.
Yes, if I didn't call you a dumbass every opportunity I got.
That's why it's a miracle.
Only three times.
That's why it's a miracle. It won't be the normal 300 times.
At this point, I think Susie served up the bleeding head of John Bonnet.
Little John Bonnet head.
No, no, no, I don't. Actually, I'll tell you a legume story.
When we were in Atlanta and had visited the grave of John Bonnet, Dr. Legume said,
why don't we dig her up? All we need is some turtle wax and a curling.
And I said, Legume, I don't get it. I kind of want the turtle wax, right?
We'll shine her up. He's like, yeah, we'll use the turtle wax to shine her up.
Okay, okay, that makes sense. Well, what about the curling iron?
To warm up the parts we'll need.
That's a true story.
Jesus, what's the point of this parable?
Yeah, that was a parable.
No, no, that's for you to figure out.
The truth.
The truth is for you to arrive at. Only the chosen shall understand.
I better write this down.
Write that down.
I've got the Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord down in my heart.
Where?
Down in my heart.
Where?
Down in my heart.
Where?
I've got the Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord down in my heart.
Where?
Down in my heart.
Where?
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.

That is the truth.
Anyone else?
Anybody else?
Who in the room what we're talking about?
Anyone else?

Let's talk about atonement for囉 рас


How about us?
The guilty of crimes against humanity!
Oh, he's got the check, huh?
The guilty of starting the most expensive fake government...
All right, well, a couple of cops who looked horribly like Dr. Legume and Reverend Strange
dragged Jesus away into a car and took him down to the base of the hill where,
when everybody got down there, man, they nailed the Lord up.
My business manager.
You know, I mean, our main guy.
Yeah, when they raised the cross, for some reason they sang Star Spangled Banner.
Imagine a young man, Jesus, wrapped in a diaper made of an American flag,
nailed bloodily to this cross, being lifted up.
The rain!
What are we doing?
All right, now.
Power's around your head, huh?
I don't care who your father is, you dropped the cross one more time, you're out of the parade.
Throw him with him and him in the unity of the Holy Spirit.
I can see Liberia from here.
All glory and honor to the mighty Father.
Go ahead, Larry.
I gotta admit, friends, this was one of the weirdest events I've ever watched at a subgenius event.
It was obviously really cathartic for some of these folks who must have had pretty weird religious upbringings.
I forgot to bring the spear.
So I guess I'll just have to...
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.
You got it.

You got it.
You got it.


We got his robe!
We've got your robe!
Time to gamble for your robes, Jesus!
All right, give me a chance.
Oh.
Go ahead, put the dice in his hand.
You'll get no chance this time.
Come on.
And I know that come tomorrow, there'll be people who'll swear they saw you walking around.
We're gonna break those legs up, don't you care?
Well, we're not gonna let him get carried away this time.
except on stretchers.
Yeah!
Now, Reverend Stang and I, we're the ones
that have spent the most time locked in stinky little vans
driving all over the country.
And me and Reverend Stang, we're gonna roll for your robes.
Oh, yes!
Whoever gets the high number wins.
Roll those things.
Well, Dr. LeGueum won the close, I think.
Man, what a blasphemous thing to do.
But, I mean, it was Jesus, partly Jesus' idea.
Well, I think he's really Jewish!
Make him Jewish if he's God!
By the end of it, the poor guy was covered with...
He was really bleeding.
There was real blood all over the place.
Dr. LeGueum cut him.
My wife came out dressed as a devil and sold pies
so that people could throw them at the mounted Lord.
Water, water, weed.
Crap!
A drink of your water, Jesus!
Why don't your dad give you some water?
A drink of your water, please.
Why don't your dad give you some water?
I mean, they were just...
Touch yourself loose, Jesus.
They were letting it...
They were just letting out so much hate.
Your dad controls all the water.
You're gonna have to nail yourself up on that cross someday
and how you gonna get that left hand in after the right hand?
Well, David, that's what you actually need.
You're gonna have to pay somebody.
Oh, my!
I love you for saving me.
Dave, let's get laid.
Boy, now there's gonna be no rain for you now.
Oh, forgive them, Bob.
I think your dad might wanna talk to you.
Huh?
Give me a cup. Let me go up behind the stage.
I'll come back with some water.
Forgive them, Bob, for they know not what they do.
Give me a cup. Let me go up behind the stage.
I'll come back with some water.
And for his next trick, Jesus will...
Bleed to death.
Yeah!
Hey!
Christo the Magnificent!
Oh, they look way too loose to me.
If you can get out of there that easy.
Yeah, just tighten that tourniquet up.
And if I was just turning it away, I might be able to see the band.
Hey, wait a minute. That's not Jesus. That's Houdini.
Please, God, have mercy on my soul. Let me see the band.
Where's my megaphone?
I'm glad you brought my long-dots with me.
How are you gonna hold it?
You're gonna be a long time dying up there, Jesus.
Hey, God, you're...
Well, I'm bored. Let's go. Let's just wait a minute.
All right.
That's all right.
I'm good.
I'm good.
All right.
I'm gonna find you.
I'm gonna find you.
Who cares?
The band starts at 8.
Been there. Done that.
Uh, heck.
Yeah, we got a little crucifixion.
Truly, this band was the son of God.
Why'd you put him in a diaper? The, like, extra humiliation factor kind of a thing?
I don't know.
One shot in front of another.
Really?
I'm still looking for that spear.
Give him a hot foot.
Hell yeah.
Come on. Get the lighter out. Let's see a hot foot.
Fire up the band.
Jesus had a weak bladder.
Jesus!
Jesus!




Now, is this really, uh, I mean, we don't want to overstep the bounds of good taste
here.
We wouldn't want to offend anybody.
One pipe makes you larger, and one pipe makes you small.
And the ones that the con gives you don't do the same.
So, uh, if you're gonna do anything at all, go ask Ivan how to get your slack.
And when you go chasing saucers and you know you're yet a sin, tell him a prop smoking
salesman has a back.

And he says, excuse all your sins.
Call Ivan and get the slack you lack.
When droids on the TV get up and tell you what to think.
And you've just had some kind of transplant.
And you're just a little bit sick.

ook.
So, when you start to be a little sick, something wherever goes wrong.






And the reality is that your world is turning pink.
Go ask Ivan.
I know he'll think.
That you can't find salvation anywhere you want looking.
Pull the wool over your own eyes, and you'll find you Земly.



get it from his book remember to justify your sins
and sin cash in
just send cash in
oh dear friends that was uh dr dinosaur and uh selena
oh yeah ladies and gentlemen papa joe mama
howdy friends i'm here to talk to you tonight about a disturbing development in the church
which one well it's one i entitled
dictating to dogs because let's face it there are people within our humble church
perhaps even here tonight who seek to change the church
they want to make it more hip they want to make it more popular they want to make it more lucrative
they come to me and they say things like
gee it would really be nice if we could just add this or golly if we could just remove that
we would attract some more so many more followers sure their motives sound pure
but they go on to say things like this more followers mean more bucks for bob
which means a greater ministry which means more souls to save and who could be against that not me
but the devils in the details tell me more well they say take for instance old jane or hypercleans
oh please please take him he's funny take him away but he's also offensive
he talks too much about killing normals and exploiting women it turns off a lot of would-be
sub genies on this now we're not saying excommunicate him or anything but i'm telling you

he's a good guy but couldn't you just fade him out a little bit over time
you know invite him to less events
edit his tapes a little here and there
or skip them all together
no one would know the difference
no three two church to that i say this someone would know you would know because it was your idea
i would know because i was a collaborator on your little scheme
jayner would probably know although he's not all that bright but he is the target of your little plot
and last but not least a certain deity named dobbs would know because he's bob
remember bob jr bob dobbs yeah bob the man who took a bullet so that you were not to kill him
take a job
yeah him our uh suppose it's a genius savior whose words and wisdom we try to live by every day of
our lives
bob dogs doesn't call jane or hyper cleats jane or hyper cleats my friends
he calls him sake jane or hyper cleats and don't you goddamn forget it
okay three two saint saint means sacred it means beyond reproach above suspicion above criticism
by non-saints like you and me one cannot modify what a saint says just to conform to popular
notions of the day no saint jayner's words were directly inspired by bob
yes yes yes

And they were placed in both of his holy testaments.
The collective teachings of J.R. Bob Dobbs and Revelation X.
With Maywell and Simon and Schuster.
Two books that you better have on your porcelain altar if you wish to survive X day.
You need both documents my friends along with your current sub-genius membership.
To get aboard those pleasure saucers come X day.
There will be chaos.
There will be murder and mayhem.
There will be bodies flying and bodies frying and all sorts of mischief and mayhem.
But don't think for a moment that it will prevent the gate master from checking each
and every passport for errors.
That membership better have your name on it.
And those books better be dog-eared and well read.
With every sentence underlined and every page present and or accounted for.
If you're in the middle of a war.


If you're missing so much as a single word of scripture.
You better run like hell and go out and buy another copy my friends.
And fast.
Because Bob doesn't like bobbies who edit his holy word.
For whatever reason.
Bob is the master of excuses and he's already heard them all my friends.
He doesn't care if you lost it.
Forgot it.
The dog ate it or the cat ripped it apart.
No sir.
He doesn't care if you tore out a page by accident or on purpose because he found it
offensive.
Or you thought maybe it was politically incorrect.
You're missing so much as a single word of scripture.
You thought you would win more converts if you just removed it from public view.
No sir.
Now maybe after you sacrifice your life by dying for Bob.
After you get resurrected and abducted by aliens.
Negotiate salvation for an entire planet or at least the parts that matter.
And create your own world class religion.
Maybe then and only then will Bob care what you think he needs to do to improve his life.
And serve his own religion.
Amen.
Tell him shut the fuck up.
Bob's not arrogant my friends.
He's just being realistic.
You have literally no idea what you are complaining about.
You've never even seen heaven more or less felt the flames of hell burning your little
ass.
What gives you the right to criticize Bob, his church, or his apostles?
Nothing.
You're lucky we replaced the old days of stoning with the pharmaceutical methods of today.
Why back in the old days?
Well I won't get into that.
Statute of limitations hasn't run in.
The amazing thing is that despite the incredible blasphemy of even thinking about changing
the church or so much as one little dot on Bob's forehead.
Despite the heresy of these thoughts some genies still vocalize their negative opinions
about Bob in his own omnipresence.
Isn't that remarkable?
I mean what it proves is that these religious retards in their infinite lack of wisdom still
realize like instinct that Bob's love is so encompassing that he'll still put up with
their crap.
Now I call that true love.
It reminds me of an interesting couple I observed for some time now.





He's a nice guy with his pathetic partner.
He puts up with the most horrible complaining all the time.
How he tolerates it I don't know.
All she ever does is bitch and moan and bitch and moan.
Always dissatisfied and yet he still loves her.
He sacrifices everything for her.
Oh sure.
Oh sure he gets sex.
But he could have gotten that out of her.
He could have gotten that same sex from anyone else without having to put up with all the
chronic complaining.
How good is she?
You'd think he'd either dish the bitch or kill her.
I bet she's damn good.
I hope he does both because she deserves it.
Unless of course she wises up and starts showing a little bit of appreciation for the man who
protects her, dedicates his life to her and struggles every day to provide her with a
better future.
Bob?
Yeah incidentally.
Is he here?
I think you know this couple.
His name is J.R. Bob Doll.
Yeah.
And I'll just let your imaginations roam for a little bit to see if you can figure out who the
allegorical partner is.
Yeah.
Howdy.
Howdy.
And while you're considering all the numerous possibilities you might ask yourself this.
If you were the most handsome traveling salesman in the entire known galaxy and the person you
love didn't pay you much attention.
Wasn't as good looking as you were.
Was stingy with their love offerings.
And complained all the god damn time.
Would you put up with their shit?
Or might you just jettison them into space to the nearest airlock and grab yourself a
younger, cuter, more appreciative subgenius in her stead.
Just you think about that the next time you even get the urge to open your mouth and say
stop and start dictating to thobs.
Here to the word of our peace Bob.
Amen.
King of hate.
Papa Joe Mama.
Woo.
Woo.
I gotta say it touched my heart to receive all that money.
Sometimes it gets tough.
I think man.

You're the sort of man to slack out there.
Is there any slack out there?
Is there any slack out there?
Is there any slack out there?
Is there any slack out there?
Is there any slack out there?
And of course dear friends the answer is yes there is slack and it is out here at, you've
got that pencil ready?
I'm gonna give you a post office box you can write to for free information.
It's pretty good free information.
For the, the price?
Free.
Oh there went the power I guess I can't give you the uh.
God damn man we, the electrical power just went out again.
Well it gives, it gives us a chance for you to go get that pencil and actually do that
this time.
Um for what you could just email us.
Just email.
What shall we do until the excess come in our hands?
What shall we do until the excess come in our hands?
Nineteen ninety eight.
How should I spend the time till next day?
How should I praise Bob?
By sending.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just.
And you can do that by writing Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Once again, that's Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Or email Slack at met...
Let me say that again.
Email Slack at subgenius.com.
Almost gave our old email address.
Old, old.
Or just check out www.subgenius.com.
Should I quit my conspiracy job?
There went the power again.
There's just no answers in the quest for knowledge from Bob.
You get plenty of answers.
Real great, great ones.
Really funny ones.
Sometimes even useful ones.
There they are, hating the lack of power.
All right, fuck that shit.
We're going on.
All right, next song.
Next song.
Rant for Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Okay, so we want to move them to here.
Okay, we do not be alarmed.
Do not be afraid.
Everything will continue with me.
We have some things coming up, okay?
Let's try to all love each other.
In fact, let's try to all love each other right now.
Go ahead, take your clothes off.
It's all right.
It's all right.
We're all among friends here.
Well...
There we go.
I can't be here.
I can't be here.
I can suck my really white...
This is it.
This is it.
This is it.
This is it.

This is it.
This is it.
This is it.
Praise Bob.
This is it.























