Instead of making your dollars shrink by investing in United States savings bonds,
why not make them grow with interest by spending needlessly when prices are high?
Here's the way it works.
Seventy-five dollars invested now each month will in ten years turn into an income of one dollar
for as long a period as you forcibly fought forces of evil each month for a fact.
But now...
The Soul Genius!
Power of the Soul Genius!
Savings plan.
What sort of life, if any, inhabits these other planets?
Human life like ours?
Or life extremely lower in the scale?
Or dangerously higher?
You know, our next guest is Reverend Ivan Stang.
He's with the Church of the Subgenius.
And it's a church that's been around for quite a while.
Saved a lot of people.
From...
I don't know what it saved them from, but it saved a whole lot of people.
I think it helped a lot of people get married.
And helped a lot of people get married.
They are now claiming that the end of the world is coming soon.
And specifically, I think, on July 5th.
And just like any good organization, they're trying to make some money off of it.
And so I don't know.
We'll talk to...
Good Reverend, are you there?
Yes, I'm here. Praise Jack.
Thank you so much.
The end of the world is coming.
It says the doomsday is coming for the 15th time.
I've missed the first 14 of them.
I don't want to miss this one.
Tell me what I need to do to be there and be hip about it.
Well, Jack, I was just looking at your description on Wikipedia.
And your website.
And I feel like I should be interviewing you.
You're certainly weird enough to...
I would think you'd probably get a free admission to the X-Day end of the world.
X-Day?
You know, it's going to happen everywhere.
But we figure we want to be with our friends and sex partners or whatnot.
If, you know, when the world ends.
I do believe in theories, Doctor.
But when you tell me flying to another planet is a possibility,
you're out of the realm of theory.
You're in a dream world of the impossible.
Even if the world were to end,
would it be less unpleasant to die out in space than here on firm ground?
The world will not end.
Predicting the end of the world is an annual crackpot event in our society,
an attempt to corner the newspaper headlines.
Read all about it!
End of the world, just around the corner!
Read all about it!
Get ya!
People tend to let go of their inhibitions when they know everything is coming to an end.
Well, you know, I like to base everything on cartoons that I watch.
And one of them that I love to watch is called Squidbillies.
And at the end of the... on their version of the end of the world,
everyone got nude and all the Christians went up to heaven.
Rose up.
And...
Now, the members of the Church of the Subgenius,
will they float up nude or clothed,
or will they remain on the ground to take care of business down here?
Well, that's a delicate subject.
Mm-hmm.
What we suspect will happen, according to prophecy,
is everybody who has bought a subgenius ministership, an ordainment, in the Church,
it may be a little disconcerting,
because they'll all appear to be bursting into flames and screaming and yelling.
But their beautiful naked spirit will rise up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
Out of the flames.
Which, by the way, are unichromosomal.
They're... we call them goddesses, because they can reproduce,
but they can appear as anything you want.
So, you know, if you want your sex god or your sex goat, for that matter,
Right.
whatever you want,
this is only available to dues-paying subgenius ministers, however.
Right.
I mean, we're crazy, but we're not any crazier than, say, the Jehovah's Witnesses,
who have predicted the end of the world numerous times.
At least we do it on a regular yearly schedule.
And at a good time of the year and a good place, too. You know?
It's in a campground in rural New York in Amish country.
Mm-hmm.
But the campground is regularly used by neo-Semites,
neo-pagans.
Oh.
And it's a nudist campground if you want to be naked.
Of course, only the ones who shouldn't be ever do,
but that kind of goes with the territory.
Right.
And we will be in that territory soon enough, dear friends,
because X Day is a-comin'.
This hour of slack show, number 1,258,
is composed almost entirely of people on other shows
talking about X Day.
We've heard some just now from the Jack Jett Show
on Rational Radio in Dallas, Texas.
We'll also hear snippets from the Puzzling Evidence Show
from KPFA Berkeley and from the popular British podcast called
Right Where You Are Sitting Now.
Reverend Susie the Floozy's Bob's Slacktime Funhouse
from WREK Atlanta will be exploited, used, as usual,
and, well, you'll see.
Many of our listeners are unbelievers.
They think this show is cute or funny,
but they don't believe in Bob
and they don't take X Day seriously.
Maybe this upcoming recording will change that.
It was recorded at the 2002, or 2003,
X Day Drill Ceremony
in Hamburg, Germany,
the epicenter of the Euro-subgenius movement.
Oh, no, what? That's Amsterdam.
Anyway, this is an actual recording from Hamburg, Germany,
of a live subgenius-devival sermon
preached by the great minister, father,
or, rather, Papa Joe Mama.
I want you to put your hands together
and scream like maniacs
for the infamous, evil
Papa Joe Mama!
Papa Joe! Papa Joe!
Papa Joe! Papa Joe!
Papa Joe! Papa Joe!
Papa Joe! Papa Joe! Papa Joe! Papa Joe!
Hallelujah, ladies and gentlemen!
Jehovah
Dobbs
Uberales!
You asked what time it is, friends, and I'm here to tell you what time it is.
It's five minutes till midnight!
I am...
Yes, dear friends, the end times are upon us.
The proof is everywhere around.
Despite the conspiracy's best efforts to comfort and reassure you otherwise,
their sinister control in existence is fast coming to a close.
Best of all, they know it.
Like the pilot announcing over the intercom that the engine trouble is nothing to worry about,
the more they urge everyone to remain calm,
the more obvious their own panic becomes.
They all see the fulfillment of Bob's prophecies unfold.
A world on the edge of Armageddon,
the conspiracy's desperate last-ditch efforts to pull itself out of its nosedive,
and Bob's bold plan to reestablish freedom and slack in the conspiracy's aftermath.
Do I hear a praise ball?
Praise ball!
Praise ball!
Praise ball!
Who would have ever imagined that Bob's prophecy would be fulfilled?


Who would have ever imagined that the countdown to July 5th would have begun on September 11th?
See how the world's armies converge upon the Middle East in a futile attempt to maintain the status quo!
Who amongst us seriously believes a conspiracy will ever allow itself to completely win this war,
then turn around and restore the civil liberties they so jealously snatched away?
Ah, there shall always be at least one terrorist who gets away.
One that's big enough and bad enough to justify the continuation of the newly expanded police state,
if not make it even bigger.
But we, the subgenies, we do not, and we are not, intimidated by a conspiracy show of force.
We recognize only one, only one supreme authority.
Not the faceless, nameless men in black.
No, sir!
No!
But a smiling face, named J.R. Bob Dole!
We, we, we will follow that face to the ends of the earth and well beyond after this planet is no more.
That time is coming soon, my friends.
It's five minutes till midnight!
Look at humanity!
Look at humanity!
And America alone!
The so-called land of milk and honey.
700,000 people owe 30 billion dollars in high-interest credit card debt.
They'll never pay it off.
But of course they're not supposed to pay it off now, are they?
No, sir!
The conspiracy wants them to remain in debt perpetually,
running down that endless treadmill.
Bob says no!
It's time to get off!
It's time to get off like you never got enough before!
It's five minutes till midnight!
In the last month alone, American Post delivered three billion pieces of mail.
Three people died from anthrax from those legends.
So now the peak public is terrified that they are next.
That's a one in one billion chance that you could get infected and be killed.
More people have died from spontaneous combustion, just unexpectedly exploding into flames.
Yet millions, millions still believe that they're in desperate danger.
This is called mass hysteria.
The first step to complete social breakdown.
The rats are ready to flee the ship whether it's sinking or not.
It's five minutes till midnight!
He who knows the future owns it.
He who knows there is no future rents it to others.
Ah, Bob Dobbs said, and I quote,
The world ends July 5th, 1998.
Now the conspiracy believes that 1998 is over and that they are now safe.
They don't believe in time control.
They don't believe in excess UFOs.
And worst of all, they don't believe in Bob!
And for that unforgivable blasphemy, they shall surely die!
It's five minutes till midnight!
For centuries, humans banged their heads against the walls trying to find the answers.
To life, happiness and peace on Earth.
But that answer sadly never came.
You want to know why?
Because the answer's not here, friends.
They're looking in the wrong place.
That answer isn't on Earth at all.
It's on Planet X.
And there's only one way to find it.
And it sure as hell ain't by brown-nosing the boss.
Or by trying to stockpile the most numbers in your bank account.
No, sir!
The only way to find paradise and avoid hell on Earth is to possess a ticket aboard an X's flying saucer.
That ticket cannot be bought, friends.
It can only be bought if you must trade true love and affection for Bob.
Plus a $30 love offering.
To the subgenius foundation.
Now, some people wonder, can I really afford it?
The answer, of course, is, can you not afford it?
Because, in the most simple of terms, it's five minutes till midnight!
Ladies and Germans,
we cannot promise you
that you will walk out of here with all of the answers.
But we're hoping to at least provide you with some of the more vital, life-changing questions.
One of them is this.
Do you wish to live after July 5th, 1998?
Yes!
If the answer is no, however,
just keep serving the conspiracy.
Those X's saucers will arrive here and rain death upon you and all your pink friends.
But, if however the answer is,
yes,
well,
in that case,
I suggest,
and that's assuming, of course, you prefer an eternity of slack,
and want to enjoy a space journey aboard the pleasure saucers with Bob,
enjoying sex-star beautiful babes,
an abundant supply of have-a-fropped zippy-lops,
and of course good quality rock and roll,
and I'm not talking that 70's shit.
Then turn your life over to Bob!
Yeah!
Bob!
It ain't hard, friends.
It's easy and it's fun.
You'll get eternal salvation and slack at no extra charge.
But best of all, best of all,
you'll feel a thrill instead of a chill when someone asks you,
Uh,
what time is it?
And the answer is,
it's 5S, don't be a lie!
Narrated the work of Bob, Craig, Bob, and Bill!
Passy Bob!
Little secret.

Didier!
Uncle Nick!
Judge Ludwig!
What is that, voir Hè!


I'll come two chairs 263?
No Red?
No Red!
Well, this is the next question.
When I hit this button sign.

For dear Lord!
spacecraft.
I paid my $20!
Hallelujah!
The subcommittee didn't believe a word we told them.
At least they didn't ridicule us.
No one believes us.
How will we ever interest enough private capital?
It's hopeless.
I believe you, Bob.
I'll buy you a start on your rocket ship.
At my age, I'll settle for the satisfaction that I contributed toward salvaging something
from our old world.
Hey, I'm older and richer than you are.
I'll arrange a lease on a large enough camp, one of the government's old proving ground
sites, by between Marston and me you'll have enough to start construction.
Wonderful, Spiro.
Wonderful.
I'll arrange the details for our next meeting.
Right.
Hello, Reverend Stang.
Thanks so much for coming on the show again.
We really appreciate it.
Always good to have you on.
Praise Ken and praise Kim.
Both co-hosts with one syllable names starting with a K.
Yep.
In order to confuse subgeniuses.
Yeah.
That's our cunning plan.
Not really.
It's pretty easy to confuse.
I was going to say, it's not even working very well, so.
Yeah, true, true.
We're not doing too well on that one.
So, you've just finished Ex Day and I assume, unless we're talking to you on some kind of
interstellar Skype, the sources didn't turn up this time.
Right.
This is actually the 12th time that we've done this.

We've waited on July 5th, 12 years in a row, at the ungodly hour of 7 o'clock in the morning,
waiting for aliens to come and save us from this planet and let us destroy everything
we didn't like on this planet for only 30 bucks.
But, once again, it turned out just to be another drill.
Yeah.
Is that...
Nonetheless, I'm sure we'll be out there next time.
Next time will be lucky 13.
Ah.
And, you know, you cannot shake the faith of the subgenius.
It's unshakable, possibly because it's not even really there.
Ah.
That's funny.
Yeah, there you go.
But you'd think someone that was so keen on Slack would arrange a slightly later date
to pick up the subgeniuses.
Well, that's the thing.
You know, we don't...
I think Bob's lesson from this whole Ex Day thing is that we're not going to be able to
do anything.
We know not the hour in which they will come.
And that means you better be ready any second now.
The world could end tomorrow.
Do you have that subgenius minister's card in your pocket that will provide you with
eternal salvation or triple your money back?
Yeah.
That's the question everybody must ask themselves.
You know, the fact that we gather like idiots and wait at 7 in the morning every July 5th
on this rainy campground for sausage.
And then the saucers not picking us up only indicates that this is not yet the year that
Bob predicted the saucers would pick us up, 1998.
This must be before 1998.
And the conspiracy of the normal people has obviously been diddling the calendars for
hundreds of years just to embarrass Bob.
Yeah.
Or Guru, J.R.
Bob Dobbs.
Yeah.
Who predicted all this.


And we still have faith in Bob, or FIB for short.
We steadfastly maintain the FIB.
The fib.
Faith in Bob, yes.
Have you considered that maybe aliens don't like early mornings?
Everybody has considered that.
Any more than any other saving individual.
I can guarantee you that the subgeniuses really don't like to get up at 7.
Now, most of them have to get up at 7 in the morning five days a week.
To go to work.
For me, that's the only morning that I have to get up that early.
That's my sacrifice for the subgeniuses.
I get up there and let them throw rocks at me when the aliens don't show up.
But I only have to do that one day a year.
So, you might say I have a pretty good job.
You know, I want to see that one that was 60,000 B.C. when there's really no humans
that are really like humans yet.
Yeah.
They're almost human?
They're like ferrets.
People.
They're like cartons of milk.
This is the sickest, sickest thing I've ever heard on KFJC, George.
Each person has a face.
Their face is a carton of milk.
George, I don't think I'll ever listen to this show again.
No, no, you probably won't.
You know, I used to listen to this show, George, to get my news and I'd get my relevant information
for the day.
I would get my marching orders.
I'd be able to go out and face and coach.
I'd be able to cope with the world.
And yet now, I'm George.
George, when I listen to this show now, all I get is confusion, chaos, and tumult.
But it's all together now.
Your obsequious tone is unfulfilling.
Yeah, it's chunky business fun.
Oh, no.
It's chunky business fun.
I say eshoo, obsequiousness.
Okay, those are the magic words.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Huge thanks to our sponsors.
Thank you so much to Justine and George for signing up this evening.
Thank you.
Oh, thanks to you, too.
Thank you.
It's just so much fun.








Bye.
Bye.

Bye, George.
Bye, George.

Bye, George.

I make a copy of you on some radio-clear version of all the songs.
Oh, that's great.
Yeah.
So, no bad words in this.
Oh, that's great.
We have a 3D cover.
cover delicious d yeah the pg version yeah because they're a nice band really they are a nice band
yeah like jimmy hendrix
who is that who is that that's roger waters that guy yelling yeah is that roger waters yeah
yeah it's going back and forth between roger waters and jimmy hendrix
show together man come on
so
eight four eight four four two five that was a short home movie of bob
you could be sitting there and listening to yourself talking about this
no you're just
sitting there and getting ready to push the your own especially individually
yeah but but not with both here not with both eric no because she's dead
the humans are dead they're not make that clear so now this is this uh x day it's going to be
in new york on july 5th right and what will be taking place on that date
mostly a lot of stuff that i probably shouldn't talk about on the radio
because we don't need the extra attention but there will be quite a few bands this year it
seems to be mostly what you would call horror billy man um we'll have the naked
blood wrestling on a giant american flag that's kind of a tradition that's good we've had some
injuries doing that but we'd persevere we'll be doing live radio all the way to the bitter end of the show.
just want to let you know thatikit therov is showing up réalité
who impressed me is that she's in the audience and help herself is getting this idea right
and blah blah blah blah blah we she doesn't like snipers we've
been very mindful we'll admit i always put myself in this game

glike shot this night i had five lines in it and i'm very proud of that what do i have a lot to eat
i've had nineielen ice cream back here listen guys- there you have it more than violent
Mary Hart from Entertainment Tonight.
Everyone's going to want to interview you.
Gloria Compos.
Gloria Compos.
Olivia Newton-John.
I bet.
I can't.
You know, I'm jealous, Jack, because I was looking at your website, and there were pictures of you with Charo, Sean Young, the dueling bankheads.
Uh-huh.
I had no idea.
You've definitely explored the subterranean tunnels, haven't you?
Yes, I've been an aging TV gas bag for some time now.
Man.
For about 10 years.
And I used to host a show with Sandra Bernhardt, and she, you know, she is Jewish.
No.
Of the Jewish faith.
No way.
And I tried to convert her every day of my life.
I tried to convert that woman, telling her, you know, you killed the Jesus dude, and you're going to go to hell.
And, uh...
But she is still just as catty as she ever was.
That's the way she is.
Do you know what I miss?
What were you trying to convert her to?
I didn't really know.
That was the problem.
Oh.
Is I didn't have anything specific.
You got her to become a lesbian.
I was just trying to convert her away from the Jew business.
Well, what I really miss about Sandra is really bad cinema.
What?
Really bad cinema.
You've never seen that show?
No.
She used to host a show called Really Bad Cinema.
And she would...
Make these running, goofy commentaries about all these 50s and early 60s vintage exploitation films.
Oh, that's good.
And it was flawless.
It was absolutely...
I mean, you would go out and rent these ridiculously awful movies just because...
Just because Sandra Bernhardt...
Well, I will tell you this about Sandra Bernhardt.
She has the prettiest girlfriend in the world.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
The type of species with which we've been experimenting is not satisfactory.
Size, strength, the will to live.
Essential in what we're trying to accomplish here.
Lacking in these animals.
Yes.
We have at hand the very elements that could make possible the things we're trying to do.
I don't understand.
It's been proved beyond doubt that glands can transform physical matter into any size, shape, or appearance.
Yes, that's true.
We have here in this sanitarium a rare case of follicular cyst,
which induces the secretion of unusual amounts of the sex hormones.
Miss Coleman?
Yes?
If we've been able to create through the medium of glandular extraction such specimens as we have,
what's to prevent us transfusing these glandular extractions from a human being into a higher type of animal?
The authorities.
They wouldn't permit it.
I see you're not truly a scientist at heart, Miss Strand.
Nor a subgenius.
And Miss Strand will pay for that flaw.
John Carradine will transplant her brain into the gorilla woman body of Captive Wild Woman, 1943.
The movie once that clip was ripped.
One of the lesser universal monster movies.
But because of that, now all the more bulldada looking.
And the female star who played the egg woman, Aquanetta.
Oh my god, enough said.
Anyway.
Anyway.
We have also heard clips from When Worlds Collide, the old movie,
and from the puzzling evidence show of which more is coming.
But first, back to the British podcast of right where you are sitting now.
So how long does an average egg stay last for?
Usually about a little less than a week.
We'll start arriving at the campground on Tuesday or Wednesday.
And depending on when the 5th of July lands,
we usually end up going home dejected and sad and sick on Sunday.
But it's well worth it.
Just because you get to meet the other subgeniuses.
You know, in any given neighborhood, there may be plenty of other subgeniuses scattered around,
but you don't know them.
You don't know who they are.
You can't tell them by how they look.
They could be any age, any type of person.
And the smart ones don't wear subgenius T-shirts all the time.
Because that can affect your income.
So X-Day is the chance for all of us to get together.
And essentially, it's a migratory mating ground.
And the mating really does happen.
In the old days, we were accused of it being what you might call a sausage fest.
At all boys.
A group of geeks.
And it was in the early years.
But we started lying and saying there were a lot of horny girls around.
And build it and they will come.
Pretty soon, there were lots of horny nerd girls around to meet the nerd boys.
And now there's little nerd children.
You know, we've been doing this for so long.
There's a second generation.
Children who were raised in the church of the subgenius.
Most of them.
Most of whom have not been taken away from their parents yet.
And even the one that did get taken away from his parents is now back with his parents.
Yeah, is that Rachel?
Rachel Bevilacqua, or Reverend Magdalene as we call her.
And my former business partner, Jesus.
They met at X-Day Drill in 1997.
They were married there in 1998.
Then the child custody case took them away from us.
For a long time.
How is that going?
They did win the case.
And they got the kid back.
They didn't exactly win it.
But they have had the kid for a while now.
And it's unlikely that the biological father will be able to get the kid back.
Because he's even worse than we are.
You were saying earlier on about the mating ground of the subgenius.
What would the mating call of the subgenius sound like?
It sounds like this.
Yee-haw, yee-haw, yee-haw, yee-haw.
Yee-haw, yee-haw, yee-haw.
It's beautiful.
I find myself strangely aroused and I'm not even a subgenius.
Well, it's not for amateurs.
You can hurt yourself making that noise.
And I did this inside of a house with the windows closed.
So that neighbors wouldn't come flocking to me at night.
Just imagine them bouncing off the windows like birds now.
It's mostly bats right now bouncing off the windows.
They also.
They also respond.
Ah, yes.
But here on the show.
This is the color of meditation.
Oh, well, is that a soothing purple?
Mm-hmm.
See, you can hear the sound of purple in the background.
Well, I'll be jiggered.
Into outer space.
At X-Day, yeah.
At X-Day.
Are you going to X-Day this year?
I think so.
What about puzzling?
Are you going?
I think so.
Yeah, that'd be great.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.


I think it's on the train.
Train to X-Day?
There's a train that goes all the way to Erie.
Didn't you say you were gonna do that?
And then you rent a car and drive 75 miles, and you're there.
Wow.
Then you have to have a car.
Don't you?
But.
You have to rent a car in Erie.
Right by the train tracks.
You can rent a car.
They'd be so happy to rent you a car because there's no business and everything's sad in that part of the country.
But they don't know it's sad because they have a lowered.
Because of the toxic waste that's been in the area for so long.
they have a lowered sense of expectation there.
Well, you know...
What looks sad and austere to us is actually quite cheery and bright to them.
They lead very rich lives in Pobucker Junction, actually, which we can't even imagine.
They understand the concept of blissful ignorance.
That's true.
Best scene in the winter when it's gray.
And then you see the little eyes looking, staring out from...
The shiny car.
From the cars and from the windows in the homes.
Visitors have money.
And, of course, they're surrounded by Mennonites, Hutterites, and photosynthetic algae.
But in the country, there are the Amish, and an homage to them is in the works.
Omelets are available at the store in that little two-bit tank town.
I forget the name of it.
What is it?
Oh.
Oh.
Sherman, New York.
I own it.
Yeah, that two-bit spit hole in the road.
That run-down, beat-up car paper...
The writing card, please.
...shack, the bracket, the rod.
Yeah.
That bleeding piece of earth.
That smelly hole in the bucket of filth, we call...
That rhinestone in the...
Humanity.
Yeah, it's actually a lot of fun.
This last X-Day, we had...
We had a special guest, Hal Robbins, also known as Dr. Hal, who is an entertainer and a cartoonist from San Francisco.
We bring him in every year to prove that there's at least one subgenius left who is still intelligent.
And if you ever listen to my radio show, The Hour of Slack, or his radio show, the Puzzling Evidence show, or the Ask Dr. Hal show,
you'll know that he's a genius.












You'll see what I mean.
Yeah, he just released a load of subgenius stuff, didn't he, for old videos and things.
He kind of knows everything.
He has a nightclub act called Ask Dr. Hal.
He also performs it at X-Day, but he does it on a weekly basis in San Francisco, where he lives.
And you can ask that guy anything, and he will answer convincingly.
You should really have him on your show at some point.
Yeah, I think we would.
You might have to.
He definitely sounds interesting.
Sorry, I thought being hardworking and super knowledgeable were disqualifying features of the Church of the Subgenius.
No, not necessarily at all.
When we talk about Slack and being a subgenius, that doesn't equate with laziness and stupidity.
It equates with freedom and happiness, which means, for some of us, working hard at what we wanted to work at,
is Slack.
And I think that would be true of Dr. Hal and myself also.
Some subgeniuses get Slack from sitting around watching television all day,
and others get Slack from doing things, but only the things they wanted to do.
The conspiracy sets it up so that you have to do things you never would have imagined yourself doing
just to keep a roof over your head.
Well, as subgenius,
we object to being forced to do that.
Now, that's about all we can do is object,
because most of us still have to have jobs.
But the Church provides a certain amount of Slack in between.
I've noticed a lot of subgeniuses who have day jobs log on to the Internet during the day
and check out alt.slack, which is our news group,
when they're being paid to be doing something else.
And that's the greatest.
That's the greatest.



That's the greatest.





Stolen Slack.
The whole black market for it.
Hi, there.
This message is for Reverend Ivan Spain.
This is Monica over at Flash News.
Sorry I missed your call earlier.
I'm interested in writing up a short story about the subgeniuses.
I'm going to get it coming up in July.
If you could please give me a call back soon as possible, I'd really appreciate it.
Thank you.
Bye.
Hello, this is Nipa Nott of Great Way Second Message.
That, you know, you and me, those of us who are like so-called subgeniuses and have our names on the list,
you know, see that it's the end times.
It's possible that some so-called subgeniuses are going to be left behind.
If you didn't have a dream that an alien invasion is coming and that you're going to be taken away from it,
you might be, as a subgenius, left behind here with the rest of the pinks to deal with the conspiracy.
But I had a dream that I'll be taken and that an alien invasion is going to take place.
So if you are a subgenius and you haven't had a dream,
you think that it's the end times, that an alien invasion is going to take place and that you're going to be taken out of here,
then you might be left behind as a subgenius along with the pinks.
All right, well, tell us what you get for your $30 ordination fee.
Well, the main thing you get is the right to board the escape vessels of the sex goddesses from Planet X and live forever.
Right.
Or as long as you want to live, doing anything you want.
Yeah, see, that $30 shows that you're a bard.
But in more practical, immediate terms, you get a nice folder with an all-inclusive, frameable excuse doctorate that excuses all sins.
You get a doctorate of the forbidden sciences, which includes many perversions and things that you've been appointed an expert in.
And just a million little posters and geeky.
And all the goofy crap you would get with any fan club.
You know, bumper stickers, pins, secret decoder ring.
Oh, secret decoder ring.
You hit it right there.
It's the starter kit.
Do you get a priest coat?
After that, we get you hooked on the radio shows and the books and the comics.
Do you get a collar to wear on your shirt?
A collar to wear on your shirt like a priest thing?
Some do that.
We don't supply that ourselves.
We suggest you go to your local Catholic.
Supply house.
Those are fun to inspect.
Catholic supply houses?
Yeah.
Well, they're fun like biological teaching supply houses.
You know, they sell weird stuff that you don't see at Walmart.
Ladies and gentlemen, the coordinates to this is 104.56, the exact longitude of the Roswell Christ site,
and 33.28 multiplied by pi.
Results?
Results in that longitude.
Somebody knew, the ancients knew this, and 19.47 times 3.3.8 equals 64.80.
Between July 1947, listen to this now, between July 1947 and March 2012, there are exactly 64.80 years.
19.47 times 3.3.8 is 64.80 years.
And that's the exact date that takes you from July 1947 to March 2012 are 64.80 years.
This is not a coincidence, ladies and gentlemen.
This is significant that the United States recovered the debris and alien bodies of the Roswell Christ on the 4th of July.
Oh, now, wait a minute.
The 4th of July?
No.
The very day that we're celebrating our liberty?
And they sent a message that we are still enslaved to them?
That these mighty ones, these fallen ones?
They sent it on the 4th of July, 1947.
America itself was founded on the same date in 1776.
This year was chosen by the elite behind the formation of America for a special reason.
This reason being that 888 is the sum...
888 is the sum...
of the letters in Greek of the name of the Messiah.
Each Greek letter represents a number.
A second Messiah, 888, plus the first Messiah, 888, equals 1776, America's founding date.
1776 is a number representing a second Messiah or the king of the New World Order,
and it symbolizes the event of a God-man.
According to the Illuminati elite, as the first Messiah came to establish the Kingdom of Heaven,
the second Illuminati Messiah will establish a New World Order upon the Earth.
And that New World Order is this radio show, The Hour of Slack,
voice of the Church of the Subgenius.
Subgenius.com
The word subgenius does not have an O in it, by the way.
Friends, that clip just earlier was found by Mr. Fernand and Andy Lemur,
but that's all I know about it.
Therefore, it must be something sacred, something holy.
Yes.
Coming up, we also have such weird show mixes as puzzling evidence as a guest
on Reverend Souto's...
Fousey the Fousey's Bob's Slacktime Funhouse Show on WREK Atlanta.
Imagine that.
And more from our frequent caller, Bernard,
as well as a poem by Ninslow, read by Dr. Howell of AskDrHowell.com.
But now, let us return to Reverend Ken and Kim from right where you are sitting now.
Can you tell us about some of the regular activities that happen the next day?
Are there things that happen year by year, or is it just spontaneous?
Yeah, every year we have a baptism in the pool.
This campground is pretty developed.
It has a really nice indoor swimming pool.
And we, usually myself and some other preacher, Dr. Howell or Dr. Legume,
will get in the pool with all these mostly naked people
and dunk their heads under, baptize them against the conspiracy in the name of Bob.
I try to come up with a different little spiel for each one.
And we will go through 40 or 50 people in about half an hour.
It's a very...
It's an assembly line type of holy ritual.
And it's also unfilmable.
Because, as I say, it's a lot of naked individuals.
You don't have to be, but a lot of them choose to just because they can.
That sounds eminently filmable.
It was.
For years we did do that.
And if you look at our website, subgenius.com,
the photos of past X days up to about 2005,
you'll see a lot of nudity.
After that...
We discovered that the appearance of the nude photographs on the internet
was cutting down on the number of ladies who would jump into the pool.
So since then we banned cameras from certain events.
Another thing we do besides the baptism and the 7 a.m. thing
is we will have beer tasting parties,
which can last quite a long time.
We had a gang war last time,
which...
None of the subgeniuses can form gangs.
Each individual is a separate gang.
So it ended up being just a bunch of kids
using toy store weapons on each other
until they got tired of it
and decided to raid the beer tasting party.
So it's...
To some extent,
it's a bunch of grown-ups doing childish stunts
and looking for some hot action.
In a situation where...



They're likely to both get hurt and get laid.
And sometimes at the very same time.
Isn't there like a Wicker Man-style burning of Bob as well?
We have an effigy of Bob that is usually hanging by the neck
from one of the rafters where we do most of the preaching
and where the bands play.
There's a lot of rock bands at X Day.
There's a bonfire event at midnight.
There's a bonfire event at midnight on Saturday
where we burn a wooden symbol of Bob.
It's kind of a logo icon thing we developed
because it's easier to make than a face of Bob.
It's kind of a stripped-down picto.
And we burn that and drum and dance around
like the pagans do.
The pagans are a lot better at the drumming and dancing,
I'll grant them that.
Probably less drunk, I would have thought.
And we have to depend on the pagans
to start the fire for us.
We still haven't mastered the secret of fire.
You know, Mrs. Reverend Angry Larry
finally picked herself a church name,
Reverend Lucy Van Pelt.
She was so nice this past year at X Day.
She took that naked girl off my hands.
I could not get rid of that naked girl.
I could not get rid of her.
A lot of us have that problem in life.
You know, that girl wrote to me
and asked me to take the pictures of her
being a drunken naked girl down off the internet.
And I didn't do anything at all.
Woo-hoo!
I mean, she'd have to send another picture
to show which one she is.
Well, you know, the thing is,
there was already somebody up on stage
with a rehearsed, a naked person on stage singing.
A professional naked person.
A professional singing naked person, Fat Mandy,
doing her act.
And then this amateur naked person comes up
and starts, you know,
slurring and drooling and stumbling around
and flirting with the cameras.
I mean, she was playing to the cameras.
And for her to then say,
would you please not put my picture anywhere
since I got into all of your pictures
against your will?
Right, she walked in front of them.
It's like, no, we're going to fine you
by letting your boss find those on the internet.
What it really comes down to, though,
is that Reverend Lucy Van Pelt,
I could not get rid of Naked Chick.
And I went to her and I said,
does this belong to you?
Because a lot of times things that get on the stage
that don't belong there
do somehow indirectly belong to them.
And I said, does this belong to you?
And she said, who is it?
And I turned it around
because it was kind of on my shoulder-ish.
And Naked Girl's on my shoulder.
She's looking, you know, at the butt.
And she says, turn it around.
We turned around.
And she goes, no, that doesn't belong to me.
I said, will you take it anyway?
And she said, sure.
That's what they all say.
Sure.
I'm just saying.
Will you take it anyway?
I mean, how many times have you heard that?
Well, it's not, it wasn't my Naked Girl.
It's everybody's Naked Girl.
Officer, it wasn't my Naked Girl.
Honest, I don't know how she got in the car.
I hear that all the time.
Well, then we'll have to take her into custody, son.
It's our Naked Girl now.
And that would have been funny.
It's just not my Naked Girl.
You know, I think my Naked Girl's a special.
A special.
Not special.
Not my Naked Girl sounds like a TV show.
A special.
Michael J. Fox makes his dramatic comeback in Not My Naked Girl.
There's some really, really tasteless jokes somewhere in there.
And I'm not going to go there.
However, I did make the suggestion to the rest of you.
Hey, watch those horns.
Okay, we're reloading now.
Lock and load, kids.
Fire in the hole.
And they sure do, with the eagerness of the new year.
Just a couple of hours into July 1st.
Well, like I say, where I'm from, July, July.
I mean, January 1st hasn't even happened yet.
And I can cut that out.
How July hasn't happened?
How do you know it didn't happen?
How do you know it will happen?
Just because somebody told you.
Just because you think you looked at a calendar last night?
Date the newspaper.
Oh, yeah, I believe everything in the paper.
Sure, you made a lot of plans.
How do you know it's going to happen?
How do you know it even came true?
How do you know even X day is going to happen?
Well, that's one thing you can depend on.
And Y day.
And Z day.
They'll all happen.
And you'll be there.
And you'll wonder, why didn't I send that money in?
Oh, there we go.
Took care of that guy.
Now we're just cruising down Central Avenue.
Taking care of the storefront.
We're going to go out to Little 500 Point.
And relax.
Because it's...
New Year's.
Oh, yes.
Another day, another chance.
Another drink.
Oh, another bout of self-delusion.
Don't you just love it?
I...
Girl, I'm in it like a hot dog in the fire.
Oh, yeah.
Just let them pour that mustard all over you.
I understand.
Down here at the station, they're drinking the hair oil.
It's really hit the bottom now.
Wow.
It keeps our coats glossy.
Yeah, it does.
How do you crawl out of that skin anyway?
Ooh.
It's got like a big tube top.
Oh, yeah.
See, Susie the floozy skins are over there on the other side of the station.
I saved the skins I shed.
That's right.
It's disgusting.
I can't even look over there.
But they have a light on it here, so you have to watch.
Wow.
No one, everybody thought the cheetah was the name of the woman.
No.
What is the monkey name?
A thousand people tried to answer that one.
Look at them.
Hey, happy New Year, YouTube.
Yeah.
We're up in the balcony here, waving to the crowds outside WREK Atlanta.
This is being simulcast to KPFA Berkeley, KPFK, and KFCF in the wonderful Valley Mountain and snow-capped hills of Fresno.
And KRAP in the Tri-City area.
And KNON in Dallas.
The city is very...
I'm sure they try anything.
WFMU in New Jersey.
Mm, praise.
WFMU.
I believe the first station to play some of these foreign tones.
In the contiguous U.S.
Yeah.
Yeah, we must contigue with what we're doing here.
It's a show.
Slogging, trudging through the trees.
I could call and I could hold the handset up to the microphone.
You could be on the air.
I don't even know what the number is down here.
A.
8, 9, 4, 2, 4, 6, 8.
The problem is they're so slack-folded, they're just lying on the couch.
And they can't get up.
And they can't get over to the...
Because here in California, you can.
But they love everybody.
Oh, it feels so good when it stops.
You can't call the WREK.
You can just call 845.
The year, you mean?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yep.
It never stops.
Well, last year stopped a little while ago.
Oh, that's what they'll have you...
It's stopping right now in Missouri.
And it will stop in just a few moments in Texas.
And like I said, it's so sad.
In California, they have hours to go before it stops.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
So where is the New Year starting exactly?
I don't get it.
Greenwich Mean time?
How does time work?
Greenwich Mean is a snake time.
Starting up the building and we're driving down the street again.
Radio bikers.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Big little...
Now we have to go get our little radio tattoos.
The hours are so...
Christina's got her needle all set to go.
Wait.
Hello, this is me, Bernard.
And I just want to say, you know, as a comment, you know, that I'm a...
I said I know that I'm a weird, strange mutant.
And that weird things happen around me.
And they're happening around me now with the UFOs that are turning in the sky.
And I just want to say, I think that it's the end time.
You know, that as a subgenius, you know, we...
We know that the church is a subgenius.
The UFO church.
The UFO cult.
Or church, whatever you want to call it.
Or UFO religion.
And that if you haven't had a dream or two dreams that you...
That this alien invasion is going to take place by now.
And that you're going to be taken away from it.
That you, as a subgenius, may be left behind with the pink to deal with the conspiracy.
Now, here's a poem by young Reverend Nenslow, age seven.
Oh.
That's wonderful.
From Portland, Oregon.
You might want to read it.
Or it's kind of long.
You might want to read some of it.
Good God.
It's a Nenslow poem of endless verses.
Well, it's an X-Day poem, though.
I'm filled with anticipation as I wait to go away.
I'm going home to planet X for it's X-Day today.
My life is put on hold as I throw away my past.
I can't go on with my life.
I give in.
I give in to my fears at last.
I never tried to chase a rainbow or tried to live a dream.
I made very few mistakes.
My heart was right, it seemed.
Never wanted to be somebody.
Just a soul just passing by.
I had no grandiose vision.
Was not aiming for the sky.
But Bob had other plans for me.
He yanked my feet up off the ground.
He said,
If you want to serve me, then take a look around.
You see, there are many people in this stupid world, you know.
And it's up to you to tell them exactly where to go.
So you made a few mistakes, as oh so many do.
But if you can send me thirty bucks, I can still use you.
Exalt yourself and tell them of the mistakes that they have made.
Then tell them of my smiling face.
Oh, my smiling face.
And the price that you have paid.
I will sell you purpose, provision, and a name.
Your life will be confusing.
It will never be the same.
I have never been right here with you.
Even when life was hard.
I knew you couldn't make it.
I knew it from the start.
So keep on calling my name whenever you need a hand.
And your dollars you must send to me as countless as the sand.
I always will.
I will forsake you.
I will always leave you cold.
Especially when you make mistakes and are growing very old.
Now take my words and tell your friends of the message that I gave.
And be my witness to the world.
And dig your fucking grave.
Reverend Nenslow, age six.
Yes, that young man shows great promise in the poetic department.
Yes, that young man shows great promise in the poetic department.
And we know his poos make better Dobbs heads than the ones that little Vreede's paints with his paintbrush.
And we know his poos make better Dobbs heads than the ones that little Vreede's paints with his paintbrush.
I know. It really drives him insane, too.
When we were born into this life
We were destined to make it right
And it's pretty turning
And this is our fate
We're singing this song
So you can read later
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
This time
We'll take the queen
We mean it, man
There is no future
in England's justice
I'm screaming
No gift shop
No gift shop
No gift shop for you
No gift shop
No gift shop
No gift shop for me
No gift shop
No gift shop
No gift shop for you
No gift shop
No gift shop for you
I lost the car
I lost the car
I lost the car
I lost the car
I lost the car
I lost the car
It's gotta be a way of killing it. How?
How do we do it?
You can't
You still don't understand what you're dealing with, do you?
The subgenius power of
The subgenius power of science
It's structural perfection
It's natural perfection is matched only by its hostility
You admire it.
I admire its purity.
By conscience, remorse, or delusions of morality.
I can't lie to you about your chances, but you have my sympathies.
