It's my nightmare, crawling, slithering, along the edge.
It's my nightmare, crawling, slithering, along the edge of a straight razor.
Just listen. Everyone be calm and just relax and be seated if you would please.
Because, you see, one of the things that...
Tell me why you make the pain if we are your children.
Ah, you see, you are my children, but law is necessary.
Tell me.
If there is no more pain,
then is there no more law?
There is always law.
I watched a snail crawl along the edge of a straight razor, crawling, slithering.
Along the edge of a straight razor.
And surviving.
Transmission 11, receive 68, December 30, 0500 hours.
Sector King, Zulu King.
Yes, and praise Bob.
Yes!
430.
430 in the morning.
Time for show.
Live show for you now.
Self is an infant.
How come always scary on show, says Doug Smith of Dallas, Texas?
Well, it's actually been some time since scary has been on the show.
We've tried to get him to come in, but he always has to go out smurfing through the solar system on his wind surfboard.
His solar wind surfer is 40 feet long.
Hey, strap in.
Show's about to take off.
About two and a half miles in wind.
Magnetic power.
Bob?
Oh, my God, the pilot's dead.
Gosh.
Welcome to the subgenius radio beast, Hour of Slap.
Rebound time.
This is actually Hour of Slap number 679 from April 1999.
Closing as Hour of Slap number 179.
2014 in the year of 2005 A.D.
As it says in Isaiah 28, 7, 8.
The priest and the prophet have erred through strong drink.
They are swallowed up with wine.
They're out of the way through strong drink.
They err in vision.
They stumble in judgment.
For all tables are full of vomit and filthiness.
And there is no place clean.
Yes.
We're being over.
Shut that baby up in there.
Babies, they get into all the subgenius shows.
But we will not let babies stop us.
We will continue the battle.
Let mortal combat begin.
Yes, praise Bob.
We're going to save the world.
A handful of people in a leaky boat are going to save the world.
And fuck me.
Uh, yes dear friends, we're back and oh, it's going to be a wonderful show now that we have
these departments and we have a format and everything.
Isn't that unbelievable?
All men and women defending your own world.
It's not about death.
It's about life.
Life.
Hey, life.
And in this new studio, friends, it's great because I don't feel guilty.
It's fun to do the show again.
Yes, it's fun, fun, fun.
And we have so many fun types and a fun format.
And we shall engage now and forever in mortal combat against God and all of the heavens
and all of the people in all of the worlds and all of the planets.
Praise Bob.
Yeah.
The conspiracy is no metaphor.
We talk about the conspiracy.
Are we discussing some literary poetic monster?
Say no.
Say no.
Say no.
No, we're not children.
We're talking about living, breathing, firing and giving us pain.
That wants to consume you.
That wants to take away your slack, children.
Are we going to let this go?
Take away your slack?
Say no.
Say no.
Say no.
Tell me something.
Who stands in the way of the conspiracy?
Who?
Who?
I can't hear you.
Tell me who.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Not me, not me.
Not, not, not me, not me.
Not me, not me.
Not, not, not me.
Not me, not me.
We see a flock of birds.
Think about.
Think about.
We need to just run.
Out of words.
Think about.
Think about.
When a ring goes round your car.
When you hear a given call.
When you ride chicks for a dollar.
Think about.
Think about.
When you ride to the subgenius.
Think about.
Think about.
B.O. Box 1403-06.
Think about.
When you cast your mojo hexes.
When you ride through Dallas, Texas.
When you.
Think about.
Think about.

Think about.
Think about.
One dollar.
One dollar.
One dollar.
One dollar.
One dollar.
Now, next when you turn it to the subgenius is.
And how in THE world comes that game?
You will pay to know what you really think.
And when you underrate, you will pay for what you really think.
Slack can be bought.
B.O. Box 1703-06 is.
B.O. Box 1703-06 is.
You are gonna meditate for 5 years.
You gonna get down.
You gotta do this, you gotta do that, you gotta forsake strong liquor, you gotta forsake sex.
We don't, you don't need any of that to be happy.
You don't need any of that for slack.
All you need is money.
I don't care.
I don't care, I don't care what lengths I go to anymore.
All is fair and all that.
Dr. Harris, you're a doctor.
A doctor.
Doesn't that mean anything to you as a surgeon?
I'm not a doctor, Edith, but I'm a man also.
You're under arrest!
Something sick.
Something sordid, vicious, and depraved.
Vagina.
Vagina.
V-A-G-I-N-A.
It's a canal-like passage between the uterus and an opening between the uterus legs.
It's the place where sperm are deposited by the father in the maiden in the passage
towards the baby who passes into the normal when he was born.
Testicles.
Testicles.
Spelled T-E-N-G.
King of the Leucane.
But we must kill them.
We must incinerate them.
Pig after pig.
Cow after cow.
Villagrass and virgs.
Army after army.
And they call me an assassin.
What do you call it?
When the assassins accuse the assassin.
They lie.
They lie and we have to be merciful for those who lie.
Those nabobs.
Nabobs.
Nabobs.
I hate them.
I do hate them.
I do hate them.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.

I love you.
I love you.
I love you!
I love you!
I love you!

I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Oh, the lilting.
The benches are torn down.
This is a free concert.
The lilting sounds of Doc Stock number three.
Oh, friends.
Boy, is this a trip through memory lane.
There's some bad A going around.
Anybody's got any of this?
Give it to Jane.
Oh, listen to that lovely, typical doctor music in the old days.
They all learned how to play their instruments, unfortunately.
Then there was the more ascended music.
Mark Mothersbaugh did at one point.
It's a bucolic scene here at Doc Stock 93.
Jim.
Everybody's tired from driving.
They're all sitting around with needles hanging out of their arms.
And it's all free and you missed it.
Pretty soon all the stimulants will be here.
And then we'll all wake up and party all night.
And someone or maybe several people will be badly injured.
And the police will come.
And we'll be in the newspapers.
And it'll be another Doc Stock.
Another wonderful, lovely Doc Stock.
Oh.
Doesn't it make you tears well up in your eyes?
Things get confused out there.
Power, ideals, old morality, and practical military necessity.
But out there with these natives,
it must be a temptation to be God.
Because I hate to say this, but once we did recently,
Jesus got a call at the office from this mom.
She was saying, you can't send this stuff to my child.
It's going to mess him up.
It's really bad.
Jesus is going, well, same thing I have to say to the cops every couple of months.
Have you ever heard of Mad Magazine Officer?

Well, he was starting to do that.
She goes, no, you don't understand.
My son is mentally ill.
He's 40 years old.
He lives at home.
And we're kind of like going, well, I think church is subgenius is the last thing you've got to worry about with your son.
So I don't know.
Maybe you're in the same boat.
I'll tell you what, though.
I do have the, uh, what do you call the 40?
But I'll sneak you a membership pack.
I'll sneak you one.
Now, as the church was called by John Shirley, I think the science fiction writer said,
the church of the subgenius is the knife they smuggle in with the straight jacket.
So you can cut yourself free when they're not looking.
But friends, you can't depend on anybody to smuggle you that knife.
You have to learn how to escape from the straight jacket yourself.
I actually happened to have an instructional video in Dallas.
How to do that.
I toured with a guy who escaped from straight jackets every night by dislocating his shoulder.
And it works.
But you know, to bust free of the conspiracy, you sometimes have to bust free of parts of your own body.
That's a grim way to look at it.
Easy for me to say.
The conspiracy is a leg hold trap.
Huh?
The conspiracy is a leg hold trap.
Thank you.
You know, the sad thing about the conspiracy is you see these human animals trapped in it.
And they'll have gnawed off all three legs.
And that one leg's still in the damn trap.
That's why we call them humans, friends.
And another real basic thing that we got down to.
You know, we've said for years, church of the subgenius, we're not harping on intelligence.
We certainly cannot afford to do that.
The only people that we disqualify from the church are geniuses.
You know, anybody below that with 30 bucks and even, you know, a genius can buy his way in.
Or brain damage his way in.
You know, it's not the intelligence that counts.
It's the sense.
Common sense, sense of humor, and dollars and cents.
One might call it something for nothing.
But the normals.
The mediocritans.
The somnambulax and pseudo-sumslans have tried to make it something which we've been led to believe we must work to buy.
It is this yearning for slackness that separates us from them.
The human may live out his entire life in a grinding cycle of slacklessness.
His hours consumed by meaningless toil.
Interspersed with meaningless leisure.
Yet he never feels cheap.

He thinks it's natural.
Perhaps we should pity them.
But face it.
Most people are venal jerks.
Half-witted cattle racing each other to be first to the slaughterhouse.
And stampeding you along with them.
What do you pray?
To walk on a forest.
That is the law.
To slurp up our grapes.
To drink.
That is the law.
We are not men.
To eat flesh.
And fish.
Anytime.
That is the law!
Now I am the law!
None shall escape.
That is the law!
I...
I...

I...
I...
I...
Not to pee on the neighbor's mailbox.
Not to...
Not to shit in the house.
Not to hump the master's leg.
That is the law.
Not to lick one's own genitals in front of company.
That is the law.
Not to gnaw at flea-bonded food.
fights noisily while the master is trying to seduce a female.
That is the law.
We are not men.
Not to grovel and whine piteously for attention.
That is the law.
Not to fight for mailman.
Not to run out into the road in front of cars.
That is the law.
We are not men.
The snake is long.
The snake is old.
The lad is unstarved.
I had an operation.
They tampered with my brain some.
It helped me see the reason
for living in the system.
We've simply done away with unnecessary friction.
If you act like a dumb shit,
they will treat you as an equal.
Now do what they taught you.
Now you do what they taught you.
Now you do what they taught you.
Now you know what they taught you.
Killing in the day, mom.
Killing in the day, mom.
Now you do what they told you.
Now you do what they told you.
Now you do what they told you.
Fools that died, but where are the bad?
They're the trolls in white
Fools who died, are justified
But where are the bad?
They're the trolls in white
They're justified
Fools that died, but where are the bad?
They're the trolls in white
Come on!
Yeah!
Oh, no you don't
We have to work clean on this radio show
The Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, friends
And it's about time that I told you what you've been listening to
For the last 20 soft minutes
We've been playing a lot of
Well, you know, friends, I'm sticking with this department's format
Now that we have a format
And we've heard a lot of the old-timey media barrage department
In that we've been hearing some tapes from the old Dockstock 3
Back in the olden days, friends
Before there was X-Day Drills
There was Dockstock
And they was smaller, but a lot meaner
And more wiry and uglier
Than X-Day's
And so they were like snails on a straight razor
If you know what I mean
And we've heard some KPFA puzzling evidence
Of Dr. Howell
That's the KPFA radio show
Subgenius show in Berkeley
And it's the old media barrage
It's a barrage of media barrages
Including Pope David Meyer preaching about the con
Somewhere
And it's a barrage of media barrages




An old-timey Bob song
Onan Canobite doing Think a Bob
We heard David Lynch ranting at X-Day
About how slack can be bought
And we heard from the super intro sex barrage
Media barrage number three
Mark Mothersbaugh did the Babacato and Fugue in D minor
And some of that other
We heard yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang
Ranting at Winterstar in 1999
About the three legs and still in the trap
And some outtakes from the subgenius video Arise
The narration about humans, slack and work
We are not men from the island of Dr. Moreau
And the law, the subgenius law
Not to bite the mailman and so forth
From the Einstein secret orchestra rehearsal
Last November 1998
And in our rock song department
We heard Rage Against the Machine
In an excerpt from the show
Killing in the Name Of
On their first album
In the background right now is
Cypheria doing an instrumental called
Gothic Disturbance
You see, and we'll play some new Bob songs
Probably by Einstein's Secret Orchestra
And have our guest ranter department
And our X-Day hymn department
All the other departments
Because, you know, as George Burns said
With the collapse of vaudeville
New talent has been created

And there's no place to stink
He also said, George Burns, the great George Burns said
Too bad that all the people who know how to run this country
Are busy driving taxis and cutting hair
And posting to alt.slack
And mixing radio shows
Friends, it's true that with the collapse of vaudeville
New talent has no place to stink
Except for the people who are doing it

The church of the subgenius
Friends, stinky new talent
Always can find, well, can find a home here
If it's bad enough
Because we run it through the committee
And a committee is a group that keeps minutes
And loses hours
And radio, like television, is a medium
Because it is neither rare nor well done
Well, the hour of slack is fairly rare
Liberals, as Mort Sahl said
Feel unworthy of their possessions
Whereas conservatives feel they deserve everything they've stolen
Now we the patriopsychotic anarcho-materialists
Just do what we can
That music was about to drive me nuts, friends
And this probably will too
Because I want to go on with some
These are some quotes from a book called
The Death Rocker X
That our friend Death Rocker X
On AOL.com sent to us
Some quotes from the old but wise
Including Henny Youngman who said
I wanted to become an atheist
But I gave up
For they have no holidays
Friends, you can be an atheist and a subgenius
And we've got a lot of holidays
Biggest one being July 5th, 1999
Well, the last holiday actually
Since the world ends that day this year
And in, you know, they call this
The church of the subgenius
Well, you can imagine, friends
We agree with Sam Levinson here
Who said it's so simple to be wise
Just think of something stupid to say
And then don't say it
And on that note, I think I'll shut up
And play this song by Temple Beat
Called
This is an Italian band
And this is a song called
The Brain Cult of Macho Irony
I stayed up all night
On voyage
I couldn't talk
Nobody made me walk around
Shift the door
Don't worry, God's out
There isn't a taste this in our lives
What did we do?
So pray you, God
Cause mine is famous
It's famous like a dog
On voyage
I'm getting tired
No money makes the world go around
Shift the door
Don't worry, God's out
There isn't a taste this in our lives
This is our time
We're alive
Stay down, you can't go out
This is our time
Where I
Stay down, you can't go out
This is our time
Where I
Stay down, you can't go out
This is our time
Where I
Stay down, you can't go out
Just believe me
This is our chance


We're going around
We're headed up
We're going kilometers
This is our time
Where the world's tomorrow
Fades away
We won't be apart
No more will you say
Decide all the time when I speed uncomplies
Decide all the time when I speed uncomplies
Decide all the time when I speed uncomplies
Decide all the time when I speed uncomplies
Decide all the time when I speed uncomplies
Decide
Not to correct the boss
Not to cheat on taxes, that is the law
Not to dodge the trap, that is the law
Not to have extramarital affairs, that is the law
We are not mad
Not to make your hair grow long and shaggy
Not to go without makeup, that is the law
Not to go without a nice suit
Not to curse in mixed company, that is the law
We are not mad
Not to place the fork on the right
Not to neglect sending out thank you notes
After Christmas, that is the law
We are not mad
Thank you
Goodness gracious, what a simply horrible patchwork of noise
That church of the subgenius is
I listen every week to gather evidence and ammunition
For the citizens for normalcy
Let me tell you, we're not going to get those subgeniuses
We're gonna get them right in the gonads
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to say that
I don't use words like that
This tape, all about Satanism, drugs, and rock and roll
Is proof positive that this so-called church
Is going to send the world to heck in a handbasket
All those demented Beelzebub kissing hop heads
Make me want to toss my Nestle's dollhouse cookies
With their talk of buckets of pills
From that low-life pusher J.R. Bob Dobbs
Boy, they're so high on drugs
That they can't even keep an earful of them
They've got a lot of body continuity in their tapes
Too many children listen to these tapes
And subscribe to the insane doctrines of the subgenius foundation
They're led down a deceptive road
To what these weirdos call slack
Like that heathenist idea of nirvana
I say that slack should be taken up
Like the excess yarn in my knitting
And pulled until it sees the light of a normal day
Like the rest of us do
So what should any decent-minded American do
When faced with the fact that they're not normal?

Like one of these zombies for Bob?
Well, first off, give them a bath in Pine Sol
They usually stink to high heaven
Then ship them off to the nearest normally accredited deprogrammer
While they get bombarded with enough People magazines
Arid extra-dry deodorant and Regis Philbin fan club material
So they won't be able to think anymore
The way it should be
Then they'll feed them real dogma
About the glories of the home shopping club
Wingo
Zingo
And the evils of Mandingo
We cannot stand by
While our standards and principles
Are made light of by these possessed fools
Normals of the world unite
Oh, that was Sister Chris, dear friends
From a long time ago, WFMU
I guess that would be our guest
Rant
Sister Chris this time
What?
Representing the citizens for normalcy
Thank you
Wouldn't you like revenge on these mediocritans
These pink boys
These box-dwelling Barbies and Kens
These normals who have made normality the norm?
What's the point of this so-called




content. It's not
a loss. It's more of a
passing into something
wonderful and exciting for the whole
rest of my life.
So I want to say goodbye and that I'm
going to miss you all very much.
Because if you
want to get on those sausage,
you can't be afraid of anything.
You can't be afraid of
pigs. You can't be afraid of
the dogles. And you definitely can't
be afraid of Bob.
You can't be afraid of Bob.
What kind of
pussy pussy behavior is that?
You might have
to think, but you can't. You can only
get back to one place
and that is J.R.
Bob.
You don't want to live is what you're saying.
You don't want to live.
You don't want to be Bob.
Because there's a conflict in every
human heart
between the rational and the irrational.
Between
good and evil.
And good does not
always triumph.
Sometimes
the dark side
overcomes what
Lincoln called the better angels of our
nature.
Every man has
got a breaking point.
You and I have.
And very
obviously he has gone insane.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Oh, this is
Reverend Ivan Stang with a live
on the scene report here at
Dockstock number three.
The drums you hear in the background
are being played by
two, it looks like three year old girls.
A couple of three year old little girls
are playing the drums.
They're not bad, actually.
It's a lot better than what some of the
professional subgeniuses were capable of
late last night.
We've got quite an amazing contingent of
subgeniuses here.
We, there's a, here's Jan Johnson from the
Boston delegation.
There are delegations from something like
fifty, fifty-five states and
countries.
Something like that.
We have these delegations from the Boston delegation.

We're all over the country.
There's Houston, of course, Dallas, Little Rock,
San Francisco, Oakland, Los Angeles, Seattle.
Pope Myers here from Seattle.
We all come together for these yearly or bi-yearly meetings.
And the interesting thing is we don't know why.
We don't, there's no goal, no set plan at all.
We just, we meet and then we try to figure out why.
And usually we can't make the song stop.
But, I'm tired of working.
I'm sick of all this money.
I want to play real music.
I want to have a meeting with the people.
I'm sick of all.
I'm sick of all.
I'm sick of all.
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of all.
This internal machine.
Is going to wing you.
To hell.
This internal machine.
Gonna wing you off to hell.
You will be looking through caverns of human flesh.
You think your eyes deceive you.
But know what you are seeing is not a bizarre.
But a real carnal sight.
Men are wailing, wailing with their arms attached to the walls.
Staple there by cruel,
Yet the launching of cruel,
Praisers of disgusting nonsense and foolish ideals.
These they utter until the dark hours of the morning.
Until the sun, оноصppYes, relentlessly�clways up the ferns, farns, andhayいる Sh charts

And where will you be, friend?
Will you be in a saucer, full of milk and honey?
Will you be riding high off into the sky?
Will you see that silver lining on every cloud as you
Whisk by on my infernal machine?
These machines don't work for you, son
They don't work for nobody
Got their own criteria
Got their own agenda
Got their own suspenders
Goodbye!
How's that? Goodbye!
That's true. We feel like the purpose of life is not happiness, knowledge, or even truth, but merely to squirt.
You can understand the church on a simple level of, oh, some people think it's a Texas desert.
Some people think it's a death and fertility cult.
Others call it just another polygamous religion.
Yeah, some think it's a great collaborative art project using the greatest anonymous artists in America today.
And others just say it's my religion. Let me practice it.
Remember, kids, nothing is illegal if 100 sub-genie businessmen decide to do it.
That's right.
And we had that wonderful tape where you saw the young, naked, nubile maidens wrestling with Arnold Palmer's buddy,
rolling in the mondo-mondo hills of Habba-Frop Zipulots.
There's marijuana growing all over.
Well...
In these settings.
Yes, it's true.
There's Habba-Frop Zipulots all over the Tibetan Holy Llamas grave.
It is one of the most maintainable shrubbers for landscaping around exterior office buildings.
Right.
And very tidy.
It's not a morbid situation at all.
No, it's happy.
It's like Bob is a robot or the Attack of the Mutants.
People...
People...


Any movie of that sort that you've seen.
He's a cheery demigod.
That's right.
But the people that we're really concerned with are the artisans tonight.
We're talking about the small studios that support Bob's habit.
They crank out art in an amazing way.
Centralize it in Dallas.
The sub-genius Air Force pick-step.
Plies it to Dallas.
And the next thing you know, it's in the stark fist.
And nobody gets paid for it.
Except those who matter.
And others just...
Others just say it's my religion.
Let me practice it.
You can't have sex without Bob.
You can't have money without Bob.
Girls, a dollar in the top two will come to you in the night.
Free pills!
Free...
Don't be left behind when the X is playing.
How many of you have been here since 1999?
You don't have to understand it.
You just have to buy it.
You have signed the application.
Welcome aboard.
One doesn't listen long before a little warning signal goes off inside that says,
Watch out.
Sometimes it's hard to pinpoint the precise error.
But the language, the pure language of heaven is missing.
Something says, look out.
This guy is fishy.
Cultist or someone with his theological wires crossed.
It's almost like listening to someone who knows only a few words of English,
but...
Soon they're rattling off in a completely unknown language.
When they haven't even been to kindergarten.
Spiritual.
We eat more, drink more, play more, and do less to earn a good living
than any other people in history.
We have at our fingertips the world's greatest music.
And I might add, a lot of it's worse.
Else the cultists would have no following.
We are a people grasping nervously, sometimes almost hysterically for more.
I know that I know that I know that I know that I know...
That I know...
That I know...
That I know that I know...
Whenever we read the obscene stories, the voluptuous debaucheries,
the cruel and torturous executions,
it would be more consistent to call it the word of a demon.
There are little eyes upon you and they're watching night and day.
Will the vocal and activist minority ready apparently to burn the bomber's seal of fear?
Some more.
And most, incidentally, are in their teens or their twenties.
And that's Washington, before I tell you that.
They drove in caves, not high-rise apartments.
They may not have found a pink affluence, but they found...
An endless supply of dope, uninhibited sex, an endless supply of money.
Free access to the distillery, I suppose.
Ah, yes, the harvest.
You can count on that.
But still, the more.
Why, friends, we could feed another nation with our garbage.
What more than a space hogger on Earth?
There's a church of geniuses.
I don't know.
But how many of you are really genuinely intelligent?
Bang.
Are you blaming God for atom bombs?
Atomic warheads?
Don't.
I don't know.
I only know that it will signal the end of time.
Why?
Why?

Because I'm not sure.

Bang.
The past blotted out, and the future assured.
Ah, yes, the harvest.
Laced with hundreds of beautiful, sexy broads.
A sex-stuffed gingerbread house.
Enter roommates Mitzi and Carol.
The party's now complete.
A time to strip down for action and do as told.
I'm ready.
You're ready?

With the spell, sister?
Why not?
Ziggity-zee, ziggity-zing, demon of darkness, come on the wing.
And then, at the witch's center, the most horrible, curdling howl filled the night air.
And the gigantic, fat shake seemed to fill the sky, blotting out the stars, blowing out
the moon.








moon and in the velvet blackness the ghostly trio and even the halloween creatures were terrified
get yourself a speculum insert it open it up and take a look inside you can give yourself
a basic gynecological exam can you find your cervix
locate your goddess spot otherwise known as the g-spot
if you really can't locate your goddess spot beat it into submission she and her girls specialize
in the sale of pleasure and the sins of the flesh
oh some genius women at about this point
we can see that the goddess spot is a little bit more of a mystery

i think we've said all that there is to be said and certainly all that we're going to say
now sit back and enjoy
so bob dobs we meet again for the first time bob i wept when you died
now i must kill you again for my honor and for the honor of god
it's pandemonium out there things are floating things are beginning to fly
and you're inside the dome without an ounce of sense don't look around for the nearest
evacu-gen don't call the police look inside your
cell phone and you're inside the dome without an ounce of sense don't look around for the nearest
evacu-gen don't call the police look inside your cell phone and you're inside the dome without an ounce of sense don't look around for the nearest
and then wire up hot wire and nexin to build a bug cleaners and malivisant mothers
then darker by the second as the acrimony police begin to line the walls
now we see the juniper headed children and thousands and thousands of the other rectal
and challenged children trying to make their way up the slopes and the slopes are indeed high
where they've all been greased by the great mumu himself who blindly wandered throughout
these streets and they've all been greased by the great mumu himself who blindly wandered throughout
these streets and they've all been greased by the great mumu himself who blindly wandered throughout
these caves back many thousands of years ago hoping praying something like this would happen
and especially not on a day like today when the plutonium storms are literally raging and
thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of particles are filling the nostrils and eyes and
other oral cavities that they're carrying some of them have been carrying them for weeks at a time
they can hardly can hardly understand them now i'm picking up it seems to be a thermometer and
they can hardly understand them now i'm picking up it seems to be a thermometer and
it's not a i'm picking up it yes i'm picking up a a vision of children and these same small children
and handlebar mustaches and it's christmas and it's very sad there won't be any christmas on
pluto this year they've all gone all the little sack slack john butter headed pumpkin headed boys
are gone
all the little tin can shaped girls with the eyes all of the doctors have all the doctors have left
all the doctors have left
as we gaze upon this little uh pavilion uh surrounded by uh untold thousands as far as
the eye can see thousands of the shaved bald-headed followers waiting for the doctors and the various
delegations doctor uh ad here is from the uh
cannot tell go ahead and get the
blood
now
you
did
Charging a man with murder in his place was like handing out speeding tickets at the Indy 500.
He gone.
He gone.
Yeah, that's right.
Next day's a-comin'.
And the peaks are bummer.
And sure, we all think we're hips up, G-9.
We got us a window seat, first class, old pleasure soft.
You better work hard for your slap, Jack.
Don't count on it.
He said they don't want to preach to people.
Yeah, the scalpers will be squabbling out there, man, to sell you those over-insulated X-Day saucer tickets.
That old star kid's gonna be slamming down hard, man.
But let's just cut to the point.
I know most of you want slap, but what you really want is the alien orgies that really got us going, right?
Let's admit it.
And many of you may have actually even heard when I was abducted on the way to score some girl cluster munchies years ago.
Got abducted by the alien nymphos and actually had my little mini-deck there and recorded it.
The actual sounds of alien orgies in the pleasure saucer.
Oh, I love to be naked.
Morality, you know, there ain't gonna be no morality in outer space.
You know, whatever comes and goes by, that's what's going on.
Well, another rule in the great morality was that thou shalt steal a government-issue rocket ship if possible.
Yeah.
Now, there's not a lot of them left.
There's not a lot of them left, and most of them are in museums.
And the last big one, the last Saturn V is actually, they moved it indoors now.
It's gonna be very difficult to get it now.
They have, like, guards around it and stuff.
Well, you know, there's gotta be another way to do it besides rockets.
What now?
Well, yeah, of course, there is.
But, you know, to each their own.
The first commandment is, thou shalt switch to flying saucers operated by gravity waves.
As soon as is technically feasible.
Right.
I think we maybe better go to a remote now.
It's like, oh, here they come.
Well, assembled here on the platform.
Another paradigm about to be crunched as the Tati crew gets ready to board their own homemade midship rocket ship.
And this thing says, bang, it's approaching with a Bunsen burner.
They're going to try to ignite this flare.
They're hard, very hard.
Follows rocket fuel with the Bunsen burner.
One dollar for a taxpayer.
But one billion dollars for the United States government.
It's my dollars.
One lung for.
What was that?
It's one lung for Bob and one toothpick for, you know, the rest of it.
See, that's why this is always a psychic experience.
I was staring at a toothpick wondering if I had a collapsible lung like Bob promised with them lobotomyctomies and all them other designs.
How did you say that?
That's one lung for Bob.
One toothpick.
Lobotomyctomy.
And one toothpick for the rest of it.
What you do for the lobotomyctomy is you go get yourself an Aerotech.
It's all too cute.
G engine.
Stick it in your nose.
This is what I'm trying to prove here.
I get what can happen.
What what can be achieved by eliminating all that is cute through disease?
Oh, that is a beautiful idea.
Collar, do you have gas music?
Are you?
I have.
I'm afraid that we know this caller.
I'm afraid so, too.
I think he may have beat you to the scrotum.
So many.
I have been ill and through my illness, I have eliminated all of my inner cuteness.
I'm outside now.
Are you still sitting there with a gland problem?
And I'm still like, do you still know about Thursday?
Or is it Friday now?
No, no, no.
It's not what you think.
No, I don't.
I don't think this thing has anything to do with it.
Maybe it's Tuesday.
No, friends.
See, Tuesday's in the background.
Friends, this is bleepo.
That's what I was afraid of.
We thought you did.
You were castrated.
And, uh, some of us didn't know.
No, no.
Bleepo, I felt a tremor in the force that ended it.
And I knew that you were very sick.
I definitely felt it.
I have an extra testicle now.
An extra?
Stang?
Yes.
They found it, Stang.
Finally!
Hey, listen, man.
I've been looking for that thing for about 15 years now.
They found it?








I grafted it to the front of my forehead.
Right over my pineal gland.
Friday, your job is to retrieve the testicle from the old bleepo.
I'm afraid of the cosmopolitan monkey and the geninocytes.
I look really hot now.
I don't think that's bleepo on the phone, even though he may have his nose pinched together.
As an expert of different, many different diamonds, I would say that this person is

Well, ever since the grafting, I've been having...
It's just the women look at the...
The women...
No, no.
I am not hearing Westchester County.
Animals, people on the subway.
I'm hearing someplace a little further east.

I cannot not have sex at this point.
What?

I always thought that testicle was at Megan's wattle somewhere.
It's not bleepo.
He's from Yonkers.
This guy's from Yonkers.
Did you say you cannot not have sex right now?
Exactly.
I'm in a constant state of sex.
The nose never goes...
I want that nut back, man.
You're having sex with an imposter.
Stang, you would give him his nut.
He told me it was okay to have.
Yeah, well, I need it back now.
Go ahead.
Show some pink.
And put it on your face.




I'll be sure you get paid.
Who took these pictures?
Did you, Bob?
He did.
Bye.
Bye.
Well, that's the way to tell it.
You can't use a rocket ship if thou gets the chance.
Thou shalt switch from rockets to flying saucers propelled by gravity waves or the like as
soon as it is technically feasible.
Thou shalt not breach the seals nor compromise the airlock.
Bye.
Thou shalt retain optimal manual control over all ship functions no matter how supposedly
trustworthy thine shipboard computer may be.
Thou shalt keep clean and shipshape thine current spaceship.
Thou shalt quarantine all alien viruses and life forms no matter how good looking they
might seem to be.
Thou shalt not puke in the ship.

Thou shalt not wear thine own helmet nor befoul thine own moon hands.
Thou shalt not breach the seals nor compromise the airlock of the Akashic ether.
Thou shalt not die for the sins of the world.
Those are very thoughtful.
Here is another thing that we left out of our spaceship propulsion and safety methods.
Quarantine.
Quarantine.
Quarantine.
Quarantine.
Yes.
Quarantine.
Quarantine.
Quarantine.
Quarantine.
Everyone needs quarantine money on the ship.
You know, kidding.
I used to drink that stuff when I was a kid.
Remember that?
Think how stuffy it is after about 20 years onboard an escape ship.
Yeah.
We'll have to go out.
We'll have to go out and evacuate ourselves outside now and then in the void.
What do you do about bug, you know, alien bug, viruses, fungus, worms, all over the
gal falando at the back of the ship perfectly sterile all the time.
You just have to make sure that you get all the worst germs scrubbed out and put into
Dave's room.
Quarantine.
You know, if you do that, then that takes all the fun out of it.
Well, I suppose everything makes you sterile.
Well, no, no.
That's why we put it in today's room, so that we can watch the germs in there.
Oh, oh, oh.
And then we stay on the other side of the air box.
Right, yeah, just funnel them all over the day.
A chocolatey drink for children can give you a sterilization problem.
What better are we than the Liebensraum Hitlers and all them guys?
You know, we want to make room for germs.
We've got prop!
That's right.
That's it.
That's all there is to it.
We've got prop and they don't.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That doesn't make any sense.
We'll have our own rocket ship.
It was the Princess Wee.
If you doubt that for a second.
Yeah, I better remember my origins.
I think everybody should.
Yes.
And here are the origins, friends.
What we've been listening to, the tail end of side one there.
We heard Sister Chris from WFMU in the old days doing the Citizens for Normalcy rant.
We heard...
I...
Einstein's Secret Orchestra doing Let Me Tell You About a Place in Outer Space.
Sister Decadence's X-Day Farewell.
And David Lynch preaching on X-Day.
Some Doc Stock No. 3 report from the ancient days with the band that dare not speak its name performing Sick-a-Bob.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra doing this Infernal Machine.
Various...
Oh, some KPFA with Glass Madness and Wellman on artists and frauds.
And Wellman's edit of You Have Signed the Application.
Ah, yes.
The Harvest.
Susie the Floozy did the Connie collage.
And Annie Sprinkle's strip search.
Friday Jones killed you for the honor of Connie.
And, of course, Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Chaz.
And Bill T. Miller.
X-Days are coming on Boston 1996 recording.
And also check out this.
I'm sorry, Dave.
I can't do that.
And I always brain...
Five, four, three, two...
I can just smell that field coming.
July 5th in that big old field at Brushwood.
Um...
Um...
First the little rockets go up.
Then the big rockets go up.
And then the really big ones.
Come on down.
That's right.
The rockets are our signal to let the saucers know it's time.
We're ready for them to come down to make that final step down.
Put their little ladder down.
Put their little rope ladder down.
To let the saucers know there's still something down here on Earth worth saving.
That's right.
Step on up, baby.
Step on up.
We've got a ride for you inside.
Check it out here.
We've got everything you could possibly need without a mind or imagination.
You could go beyond what you've already bought.
Because everything you can't believe is here.
It's...
And all it takes...
All it takes to experience all this is to be a member of the Church of the...
Praise Bob!
Yeah!
Radio Box 14...
Radio Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
I can't do my cute husband voice now.
That's right, baby.
Four foot nothing.
Can you just see everybody?
I can just see the whole Brushwood people.
The whole community there.
The whole X-Day community in one big circle around the launch pad.
And most of the girls aren't wearing shirts.
No, and they're all...
And everybody's just...
They're just...


And here, this is playing.
Yeah, while we jam them out.
Yeah, baby.
Yeah, all booging back and forth, man.
Feel that love vibe.
Oh, yeah.
The love vibe.
The love vibe.
The love vibe.
Jesus Christ himself will be there blessing and anointing the young...
Yeah, I like that.
Yes, Jesus must bless each one of those rockets as they go up.
And you can be there to witness this.
El Diablo, Satan himself, will be there to curse those rockets as they go up.
But who's going to win?
Jesus, Satan, or Bob?
Well, you know...
Christ, Bob, Bob will be there.
That's right.
And you know, the rockets do rise on a column of fire.
But underneath the fire, it leaves behind a column of clouds.
So you have hell and heaven all there.
It's all a metaphor.
The rockets are a big metaphor for the cycle of the absurdity of life.
And they all end up on their heads.
That's right.
That's the miracle of it all.
That's right.
Those worlds separate.
Sometimes the parachute pops out, and sometimes it don't.
So you want to make your own rocket.
You want to keep your own ship-shake.
Ship.
Ship-shake.
What was that, Friday?
You want to make sure if you're taking your own rocket ships...
Slip it in, Friday.
Slip it in.
...or some kind of semi-rig on the New York State Highway Patrol will be out looking out for those rocket ships on the top of Toyota.
Also, make sure that if you're trying to fly there, if you...
...play roll flashlights, the smoke bands aren't affecting most of Chautauqua County.
Man, I'm listening to Friday on that guitar.
Oh, man.
He bitchin'.
That bitch be bitchin'.
It's going to be better than that when it's live, man.
They're always better live, those people.
Where can people get information on this, Reverend Stein?
It's a little bit of something just called Tom.
Of course, the subgenius website.
It's a little bit of something just called Tom.
It's a little bit of something just called Tom.
It's a little bit of something just called Tom.

I don't know.
...and because...
...Kill!
...remember Bob's commandment number 10.
Thou shalt not puke in thine own helmet, nor be foul thine own moon pack.
Amen.
