No, no, no.
It's a wonderful life.
It's a wonderful life.
We have so wonderful life.
We have so wonderful life.
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
Amen.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
I have a bucket!
Bob?
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
I love you.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius.
With Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs, living avatar of Slack and saint of sales on planet Earth.
Thank you.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes.
Your time shall triumph.
Now, at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it.
The only...
The only faith that promises...
Action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand erect for your own abnormality.
Bob is a way of life to millions.
Half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living Slack master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through the locked doorway to financial hell.
He is the one real shortcut to Slack.
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal...
...behavior to explore new ways of going over the edge and coming right back.
Plus, to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy implanted personality disorders around and channel them into an illusion of creativity.
That will fool normals and get...
...you set.
Bob's ass!
Bob's ass!
Bob's ass!
Bob's ass!
B-O-B Bob's ass.
B-O-B Bob's ass.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The universe was, in fact, sneezed out of the nose of a being called the Great Green Arkel Seizure.
The Jatrovatids, who live in perpetual fear of the time they call the coming of the Great White Handkerchief,
are small blue creatures with more than 50 arms each who are therefore unique in being the only race in history
to have invented the aerosol deodorant before the wheel.
However, the Great Green Arkel Seizure theory,
was not widely accepted outside Wiltfordal 6,
and so one day a race of hyper-intelligent, pan-dimensional beings
built themselves a gigantic supercomputer called Deep Thought
to calculate once and for all the answer to the ultimate question of life,
the universe, and everything.
For seven and a half million years,
Deep Thought computed and calculated and eventually announced
that the answer was, in fact, 42.
And so another, even bigger computer had to be built
to find out what the actual question was.
And this computer, which was called the Earth,
was so amazingly large that it was frequently mistaken for a planet,
particularly by the strange ape-like beings who roamed its surface
totally unaware that they were simply part of a gigantic computer program.
And this is very odd, because without that fairly simple and obvious piece of information,
nothing that ever happened on Earth could possibly have made the slightest bit of sense.
Dear friends, your spare time could bring information and enjoyment
to hundreds in our area who have reading disabilities.
Dallas Taping for the Blind puts textbooks,
work-related materials, and recreational books on tape.
If you'd like to be a part of this exciting, rewarding, and dedicated world of taping
for the reading disabled, call Dallas Taping for the Blind at 871-7668.
That's right, you can sit there and read into a microphone, just like I'm doing now,
and have fun and do a service for mankind while you're at it.
And now, friends,
we'll go back to the tape recording.
At the critical moment of readout, the Earth was unexpectedly demolished
to make way for a hyperspace bypass, and the only native Earth people
to have survived the demolition are now being shot at behind a computer bank
on the lost planet of Magrathea, along with their strange companions from Beetlejuice,
who are currently singing an ancient Beetlejuice death anthem on the very sensible grounds that they are about to die.
This is what the computer bank is about to do.
Time.
It isn't the cough that carries you off.
It's the coffin they carry you off in.
Oh.
Hey, where are we here?
I think we're out in space somewhere.
I think we're on the inside of a...
Oh, this doesn't look like the studio we were in.
We're in the bottom of something here.
No, there's a light that's passed over.
Look, there's a giant mouth opening up and it's swallowing the Earth.
We're in the light of a giant pipe.
Oh, no, it's a giant pipe.
And here comes the giant mouth.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, now all the white batter fromp is being poured up on top of us.
Oh, hey, wow.
Frop, man, frop.
Frop.
I never used to get enough frop before, but this is too much.
This is ridiculous.
Is everybody alright?
I'm still here.
Oh, no, he's going for another puff.

He's going for another puff.
He's going for another puff.
He's going for another puff, squaw.
He's going for another puff.
That was almost finished me off.
If he goes for another drag, you're done for.
There's the giant bob.
Giant...
This can't be the real bob.
It's just a flat two-dimensional head made of dots a thousand miles across.
Boy, you put that pipe in a backwards universe now.
With a gigantic time warp black hole pipe.
Boy, that was horrible.
I've never been smoked by dogs.
Oh, we're back in rock and roll hell now.
Oh, no.
Is this rock and roll hell?
Oh, man.
I always get stuck here at 2 in the morning.
Rock and roll hell.
Get down, party, shoot up, and pray to Satan.
Ha ha.
Rock and roll hell.
Yeah, yeah.
Rock and roll hell.
Go out and kill some kids tonight.
Waste your life.
Yeah.
Rock and roll hell.
Do it.
Rock and roll hell.
Yeah.
Here in hell.
Destroy your life.
Pray to Satan in rock and roll hell.
Rock and roll hell.
Sex, drugs, and alcohol.
Where all the old DJs on this show.
Corruption.
Here in this station.
End of it.
Vigilante.
Rock and roll hell.
Here is a special editorial.
Don't worry.
Bob supports the Parents Music Resource Center.
All your friends will be there.
Of its unnecessary references to the occult profanity.
Hell yeah, man.
We're having about eight caves of the bull.
Now we have a giant hell party by the flaming lake of Brimstone.
We feel that today's teenager has too many other pressures without having to worry about
hate.
And now for the subgenius devotional hour.
It's all in hell.
Devil-worshipping teenagers stole my pill.
And all the gas you want.
All the gas you want.
All the gas you want.
All the gas you want.
All the gas you want.

many bombs!
I'm talking
You listening?
Or you can pout
Or you can break out
Get up
Get out
Come on, step on it
Step into it
Step into the sleep
Girl, do what you please
Cause you ain't no twit
You ain't no twit yet
Step out of your clothes
Girl, step into homes
You'll be the latest hit
The latest hit, yeah
It's about time to let my hormones wake up
Put off the homework, let's put on the makeup
Don't wait a second cause you'll stay in limbo
I'll give my old stuff to my sister, that bimbo
When I'm done with my homework, I'll give my old stuff to my sister, that bimbo
When I wear underwear, I'm liberated
It's like the movies, M.I.P.G. or X-rated
I feel just like a virgin in these clothes
I hope my belly button lip won't show
Step into the sleep
Start being a tease
Hey, you ain't no nerd
You ain't no nerd, yeah
Step into the street
Put guys into heat
Be a nerd, yeah
My little nerds
My little nerd, yeah
Wanna get to dress up
Move around and prance
Wanna get in front of
All my fans and dance
Don't try to fight it cause this is really you
Just burst your lips
And flare your nostrils too
I must be dreaming, this is just too cool
Cause in real life I wet my lips and then I drool
I really love
In the life I wanna
It feels so good to be a primadonna
Step into the sleaze
Girl, do what you please
Now you're not a wimp
You're not a wimp, yeah
Step into the lights
You know it's alright
If you wanna primp
You can primp, yeah
You can take your mind where it wants to go
Tell the boys to come
Or tell the boys to blow
Whether I'm awake or if it's a dream
I can make my life be like a magazine
Step into the sleaze
Girl, do what you please
Cause you ain't no twit
You ain't no twit, yeah
Step into the beat
Put guys into heat
You're the latest hit
The latest hit, yeah
When I start to strut
I wanna squish in my nose
My body really sweats
But hey, that's how it goes
I'm in a world like Glamour Girl and Simple
I'm never going back to clear o' sills and pimples
You can take your mind where it wants to go
Tell the boys to come
Or tell the boys to blow
Whether I'm awake or if it's a dream
I can make my life be like a magazine
Be like a magazine
Oh, be like a magazine
Be like a magazine
Oh, yes dear friends
You can be like that
You can be like that magazine, I suppose
This is the horrible Madonna parody
I might as well tell you what's going on here, friends
This is gonna be a real hip show
This was real cool a few months ago, I suppose
Madonna parody here from Reverend Bleepo Abernathy
Up with the Hour of Slack show in Boston
A little bit before that and after this
The Serious Abuse radio show from the Rat Cave, dear friends
We'll be going back to that
But in the meantime, friends
Draft registration
You do have a choice
Do you have alternatives to military service?
I did, flat feet
But you may have others
Talk to one of the trained draft counselors at the War Resisters League
For an evaluation of your particular situation
It'll cost you nothing to learn the facts, folks
Remember, know the facts before you make your decision
For draft counseling, call...
214-421-1984
That's a good number there for a draft counselor
421-1984
I was number 30 in the lottery
And they didn't believe any of the lies I told them
Until finally they looked at my feet and said
Son, sorry
Just too flat-footed for this man's army
But friends, this is the subgenius...
Hour of Slack on KNON 90.9
In Dallas, Texas
And sorry, the phone lines aren't working tonight
So we can't take your prayer requests right now
I mean, they just flat-out aren't working, friends
You're gonna have to...
They're trying, they're trying
But you're gonna have to pray
You're gonna have to, you know, put something important
In an important place
And think about it and pray
And say things like...
Mommy asks who dabs head
Silly pills, Bob Slack
I want my pills
Some devil or your soul
My pills, gimme your pills
Bob pills, Bob pills, Slack Bob
Gimme pills, Bob
Yes, that's the misconceptions of many such men I...
That's your typical pink boy
Pretending to be subgenius
Yes, he paid his $20
His money was green
But he was still pink inside
Yes
It's a pathetic thing to watch
As he tries to quote all the...
All the slang that he got...
Hey, pull the wool over your own eyes, guys
Hey, yeah
Yeah, you'd pay to know what you really think
Oh, yeah, like repent and quit your job and slack off
Yeah, and do something to them if they can't take a joke
What was that? Let me open it back up here
Oh, wow, man, like, like, are we punk rock, man?
Oh, I thought it was punk to talk about Bob
I thought it was, like, cool or something to talk about Bob
Hey, we oughta hassle the clerk at best, cause she's a capitalist, man
Hey, do you believe in anarchy, man?
Well, if you don't, I'm gonna kill ya
Kill ya, kill ya, kill ya
We'll show you punk rock
You thought it was hair and clothes
You thought it was, like, big spikes and bracelets and leather and stuff
Yeah, you thought punk rock was...
You thought wrong
You thought it was like...
You are God participating in himself, says Nying
Hey, this guy's...
Wow, this guy's a real prophet
Hey, he's a...
He's a surdeer per se, for sure
They find more dominance when tomorrow becomes today
Uh, well, hey, are you the caller who stole my...
Alright, enough of this silliness
Yes
Say goodnight, Steve
Huh
No
Ahhh, yes
Yes, friend, I'm all hooked up
And ready to answer your questions
Now, we've been gettin' letters and phone calls from...
noble subgeniuses out there asking
Revren Stang, how can I be...
more subversive
How can I be...
of more service to Bob
in bringing down the community?
conspiracy that enslaves us and friends I'm afraid that that is entirely up to
you now the conspiracy will tell you how to be more subversive against it so we
sure won't but I can give you one helpful hint friends there's nothing
wrong with looking normal if you want to be more subversive friends you don't
have to show off about it if you were a uniform like high fashion of punk
haircut or leather and spandex and whatever unless it's really extreme
friends you're just playing along with the conspiracy joining a conformity of
non-conformist
you're just playing along with the conspiracy joining a conformity of non-conformist
you're labeling yourself as someone who the conspiracy doesn't really need to
worry about because you're gonna follow a predictable pattern one that they've
co-opted already but what kind of subversion are we talking about anyway
friends bringing down the state for blowing up polluters nay nay that only
kills people friends and gets you in jail to boot
it's stupid but not stupid in the right way Bob said a Bob said thou shall't kill
none but me unless they're literally about to kill you or if they insult your
ancestors that's what Bob said and you know there's nothing wrong with
technology friends we don't need to subvert technology after all only
technologies it's the only thing we've got to clean up the mess we already made
So who are we trying to subvert?
The Republicans?
Oh, friends, an awful lot of subgeniuses are Republicans.
But, you know, subgenius doesn't mean left-wing pinko or right-wing anything.
All it means to most of us is patriopsychotic anarcho-materialism, friends.
Every yard a kingdom, every child and dog a serf.
It doesn't matter what party is in control,
as long as none of the parties really have that much control over how much you party.
Besides, what you're fighting ain't just a political system.
I mean, as political systems go, the U.S. is one of the least evil.
Just as Jesus is okay.
It's just...
It's just that some members of his fan club make him look bad.
Same goes with Bob and the Bobbies.
Surely some of you have met nerds on the street
who started trying to talk Bob at you and you were just embarrassed.
Well, friends, see, the conspiracy is a great combination of things.
Work is one of the main ones.
That's how you're really controlled, friends.
You have to work for someone else to make a living.
Now, the subgenius actually likes to work at what he likes to work at.
But that's the rub and the bub, my friend.
The conspiracy is also ancient customs and new invented customs.
It's a whole background attitude.
The conspiracy is an attitude.
An attitude of hatred for anything weird.
So what you want to subvert, friend, is that attitude.
Now, some strange things are bad.
But all great inventions and ideas started out as strange ones.
So if you want to subvert the government or some manufacturer or blow buildings up,
that's just what the conspiracy wants you to do, my friend,
so they can catch you, make you look like a kook in front of millions.
Now, history proves that every time you overthrow something overnight,
ditch some old government,
what replaces it?
Always ends up just as bad.
We have to break that cycle, friends.
And this isn't anarchy we're talking about.
Anarchy is just another political system.
Just like atheism is just another religion.
To truly subvert, my friend, you work alone at your own pace, casually,
but with alertness to subvert the attitude of hating everything weird.
Remember, leftists are just as guilty as rightists.
And you don't go out subverting by being an obnoxious Bobby and forcing weirdness down the throats of normals
who can't possibly appreciate it anyway.
That just makes them hate weirdness more.
You should seduce them with abnormality, my friend.
You have to break them in a little at a time.
It depends.
And you can't indiscriminately hate all normals
because that only proves that you are a normal yourself
because you don't like them.







You don't understand yet that half of what you call normals
are actually weirder than you are.
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
Do you want to be just like someone on TV?
Oh boy!
It's so terrible.
It's like a trepidation.
And nothing could be worse than when there's nothing on TV.
I've never been on a plane,
and I've never stayed on a plane without the walls.
I've been hit more than so many times,
I can't remember them all.
And I say,
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
Do you want to be just like someone on TV?
Just like somebody on TV!
I think I'll be a telly boy.
I think I'll be a telly boy.

I think I'll be a punk.
I think I'll be a tough guy.
And I think I'll be a punk.
I might just be a fashion star,
all dressed in pretty rags.
With my head across the other side,
and walk around in drag.
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
Do you want to be just like someone on TV?
Just like somebody on TV!
Oh yeah!
Do you like to live just like a rock in the middle of the sea?
Do you want to suffer by yourself in a pool of blissful misery?
Do you feel like a saint in honest clothes with a rosary in your hand?
Do you want to be crazy like Van Gogh, like a stranger in a
strange, strange land?
Would you rather push the buttons and be feared by all humanity?
Or perhaps you'd like to be a bum?
Do you want to be stupid just like me?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
Do you want to be just like someone on TV?
Just like somebody on TV!
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?

Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be today?

Who do you want to be today?
To use my own super cool studly self as an example,
now in person I don't really appear like a mad prophet of the airwaves.
I very deliberately look like an innocent computer whiz or something.
If a policeman stops me for speeding, I look like a regular citizen.
And part of me is.
And so he doesn't look in the trunk to see if I'm carrying 5,000 copies of subgenius pamphlets
to hand out to grade school kids, which I am.
I get away with murder this way, friends.
And that time the Secret Service came to my house.
They took one look and said, oh, he's just a poor humorist.
He isn't building bombs.
Not physical bombs, nay, my friends.
But.
Me and perhaps many of you are from that 1970s post-hippie nihilistic generation more or less.
And aside from not working for a living,
I and perhaps you are still that same devious hippie.
Not a commie, nay, not a pinko, but a soldier for slack.
A warrior against the conspiracy of the normals.
And so.
Truly suffered.
To smite them.
But not physically.
Smite them psychologically.
With your jokes.
Your cryptic statements.
Your band.
Your paintings.
Your weird car.
Your whole attitude.
Not just your haircut and clothes, my God.
The normals can wear weird haircuts and clothes and they do it all the time.
If they are normal.
If they are normal, my friend.
They will recoil in fear and jealousy to see a free man or woman.
But for latent subgeni who are ripe to be saved, you are setting a good example.
To be weird in your own way.
Achieve slack in your own life.
My friend and those who are worthy will turn toward it as towards a beacon as a moth dives
headlong into the flames.
There.
They are not trying to steal your slack or to imitate you, but merely to see what is
possible.
Then and only then will they learn to pull the wool over their own eyes.
So you don't have to talk about Bob, friends.
They have to just stumble upon Bob in their own sweet time.
And I'm not saying be yourself.
Quote unquote.
There are too many yourselves.
There are too many yourselves.


You might end up being your own conspiracy normal lynch mob self.
So you must try to try not to achieve the development of your Bob self.
That in you which is Bob-like.
And there is no rule book for this, my friend, except the one you make and the one that you
buy from Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.

Ha.
Help me, somebody.
Yai, yai, yai, yai, yai.
Pull the lever.
Pull the lever.
Down, you go.
Oh, my.
Oh, my day.
I still have to wit.
Oh my god.
I can't wait to see Bob.
If you end up adding my stuff, Bill, this ocean- olarak, this rock with wonder and
a NBA Weaver full of brilliance.
You are listening to the Hour of Slack on KNON.
Praise Bob!
Yeah, people will go off and worship their stylish fashion gods,
their Madonna gods, their Beatle gods,
their Jim Morrison gods,
all those are false prophets.
They're false prophets.
Jerry Falwell, God.
How did you get in this terrible mess this week?
Can I get a T.I.?
T.I., man. Far out, man. T.I., man.
Slave labor in Nicaragua.
Making electronic parts, man.
A brain slave.
Far out, man.
Slave to their reality, their world, their society,
their way of life, their religion.
Their ideology, their conformity.
Because conformity and creativity are the same in their world.
It's me on the road.
Imagination. What's that?
No.
I've got super dynamic overdrive.
The sidewalk surface was dancing with tricks.
In mad whirling surf and colds.
They love more kicks.
They hook each other like drugs to their blood.
And drop troughs and traps when they're playing stud.
And they're pretty folks, pretty folks, bending the trend.
Pretty folks, pretty folks, pretty folks, pretty folks.

They'll never mend.
Splitting their cells.
Looking for pills.
They blow their change and they don't pay their bills.
Modified modular.
Spandex decay.
Blocks of flash zeros.
With nothing to say.
And they're pretty folks, pretty folks, bending the trend.
Pretty folks, pretty folks, pretty folks, pretty folks.
They'll never mend.
They do the same.
They location by number.



They'll never mend.
Splitting their cells.
They hook each other like drugs do.


to age
as they decompose
in memory's
cage
but total loss
is not
something to hide
when the last
big sleep
has started inside
cause they're
pretty folks
pretty folks
bending the trend
pretty folks
pretty folks
pretty folks
that never bend
the trend
Nash the Slash
from the album
and you
thought you were normal
and this is the hour of slack
the radio ministry
of the church
of the subgenius
this is your host
Reverend Ivan Stan
don't ask any questions
just do as I say
alright
we're pretty sure
he's a psychopath
now
how do we spot him
well if he's wearing
a Napoleon hat
it's easy
otherwise
he'd come in all sizes
and shapes
from 11 year old girls
to 80 year old men
they all look perfectly normal
I keep telling you
this is a sick
perverted nation
all the time
and nobody wants
to listen to me
nobody wants to
hear about Bob
nobody
I try to tell everybody
what's going on
they won't listen to me
well
to tell you the truth
I can't stand it anymore
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob


Bob take care of me
Bob just do away with them all
I don't want them anymore
they'll probably lose you soon
but you better see
what a son of a Aur Gutenberg

breach like that
it was lost


Eraus
Es ist nicht



Coney




cuando
in your room
I've been
It's not just the dull and empty distaste for a smothered culture that expires all around you in pools of its own wastes.
It's not just the terminal folds of Nunu.
It's not just the child zombies that murdered their mediocrity parents and then cruised the streets with bloody feet.
It's not just those starry old vics on the park benches with looks on their faces like those who shuffled out of the boxcars of Belsen and Auschwitz.
It's not just the anesthesiologist for Negi.
It's not just the heaving pink meat masses that grope and clutch all around you.
It's not just the dino bones for Wotan.
It's not just the broken headlights, snapped antennae, and human excrement on your car hood.
It's not just that the old ways were best.
It's not just the bastardization and perversion of every honest means of self-expression.
It's not just the kill-a-shit ganja from the dark side of the bush.
It's not just the penoid snipers locking and loading on every high-rise rooftop.
It's not just the dino bones for Nunu.
It's not just the wide-screen technicolor corporate daisy chain that has defiled the entire planet.
It's not just Mongo in the Congo with fa-fa-fas the size of basketballs.
It's not just the prophets crying lonely and alone in the wilderness.
It's not just the indignity of having to work for some bland, non-entity son of a bitch who thinks workers are property.
It's not just the blueness of the wound, cleanliness, and the blood of the dead.
It's not just the blood of the dead.
It's not just the battling eco-freaks who want to go back to nature without realizing that nature is an open-ditch latrine in midsummer.
It's not just some asshole with a pipe and a dino more than you do dog grin all over his homogenized face.
It's not just the horrible feeling of being entrapped inside a regimented, devolving world that you certainly never made.
It's not just the doorway to doom.
It's not just wanting to know what the hell is really going on.
It's not just the missing H's or the stolen alpha-beta-max.
No, dear friends, there is more to it all than that.
Bob ain't no nickel-dime bum-show.
I put it to you, he's on the square and a corking fine business proposition.
He's the grandest thing yet, and don't you forget it.
Shout salvation and fightin' Jesus, you'll need to rise precious early, you sinner there, if you want to diddle the almighty Bob.
Not off. He's got cough mixture with a punch on it for you, my friend.
In his back pocket. Just you try it.
I don't use a clump of mud.
I don't use a tape recorder.
I don't use things that don't always run.
I don't use a tape recorder.
Bob is masking tape.
Bob is a ballpoint pen.
Bob is a rooster and Bob is a hen.
I can't even make a thing on my mind.
They're saying I don't smoke bottles.
They're squirming.
They're trying to take over everything.
Bob!
We want Bob!
Where is Bob? We want Bob!
Right now! We want Bob!
Okay, Bob's probably not gonna be here in physical manifestation.
Where is Bob? He's everywhere.
Check yourself and feel up your Bob gland and make sure it's overactive like it's supposed to be.
This is the headquarters for the Church of the Subgenius.
Now wait a minute!
No, you wait a minute. I love that area.
And I...
I represent a group of scientists who work with but one purpose.
To put an end to war.
Naturally, such a goal may be attained.
But...
Men of vision, men such as you, Doctor, gathered here, exchanging information daily, putting aside all thoughts of personal success, we hope to achieve a goal.







We believe exciting new techniques leap years ahead of the others.
I don't think I need tell you how effective our voices will be when the world learns of our achievements.
Well, there you have it.
Nothing new, perhaps, but then, what is?
However, let me assure you, Doctor, that we are dedicated men and women.
And as such, we can accomplish wonders.
Like any other church, the Church of the Subgenius has divine tenets!
Divine rules!
Divine orders!
The first rule of the Subgenius Church is...
Too much is always better than not enough!
Can I get a too much?
What is it always better than?
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Hello, Paul. Welcome to the End Times.
In today's video,
in today's End Time essay,
we will be covering the difference between
the Gaprofram and the Bloodyhead Launcher Society itself.
As seen here in our first slide,
the Bloodyhead Launcher Society goes on forever.
There is no end, and there's no use resisting.
There'sgear.org whatthereisno Hallelujah whatthereisno
What there's screen permit here.
There'sJoke.


Haaa!
Sneers, isn't it?
There.
Oh, I know where the slur's at.
Hungeness.
Senoun desk.

I'm still here.
And...
A piece which is under hell.
Don't let them whitewash your subcontinent mind and sell it back to you for a hefty profit.
Some of you think I'm talking revolution. Well I am. But not stupid revolution.
Do machines get smarter and city hall get dumber?
Well forget it for now. That's exactly the way they want you to behave so they can have an excuse to mount their gun turrets against all the supposed fringe group cybernobbies.
Now come on, keep those thoughts to yourself. You shouldn't depress anybody. You'll be seen as a downer spreading bad karma.
People don't want to be reminded of it. This is the theme of the neurotic 80s. The human race is cracking up. The toxic waste of the me generation of we.
The McCarthyite witch hunters are back and in too many ways to support them. They're out for us.
Physical perfection and mental health.
There's no indication that you're a white side.
Oh but don't bum us out. We want to have fun.
Just watch that soft core porno who's so dicky with a reverence. A reverence sometimes can be a light of the country.
On some occasions, baphomay seems to be associated with an apparition of a bearded head.
In any case, we found indisputable evidence for the charge of secret service.
Is it all that you can at some time?
Smug, a walrus or a bat, there's a 언 long请 Affair in the哈哈哈
Say the world you'll never cheat.
No
No
No
No
No
No
No
There's a world going on underground
Geez, this is awful, Dad.
Clark's loaded on dope and he's killing people.
Tell it to the X-mas bunny, kid.
You watch the Astros.
I love it.
It's a shake.
Shake it.
Get free.
When you're a jet, you stay a jet.
There's only one thing Rick would say.
How do I know?
I'm here.
Not in some very lonely place.
How do I know I'm not on a...
Got a problem?
Bring it to the friendly people.
People touching people.
People rubbing against people.
People developing the nuclear first strike capability to incinerate people.
Sound like a flash in the pan?
It's gotta be.
You don't settle for less.
You don't have to.
You're you.
And you've got needs bigger and more earth-shaking than your grandfather could have dreamed.
How do we keep bringing them to you, year after year, bigger and better?
By using the technology of tomorrow on the consumers of today.
The now people.
People on the go.
Going from smart shopper to new low value in the time it takes to dial our number.
Call now, won't you?
For more of what you've come to expect from us.
Style.
Mood.
A certain dependable kind of image.
An image of the way you'd like people to be.
Passive.
Pretty.
White.
As white as the complexion of our finest women.
Grown right here by our special process.
As white as the hair of God.
White as the hair of God.
White as it was in life.
As white as the blank sheet on which we write your mind.
Who are we?
We're the happy people.
Happy to live in a world of images.
Images of war.
Family.
Crime.
Fun images that help rinse away unsightly self-images so you can get away from the privacy of your own home.
After all, aren't you what everything's here for?
You're what we're here for.
That's why we made everything.
And that's why everything made you.
And that's why you made us.
Who are we?
We're the money people.
The people who take your money.
No more money hassling.
But what about little Dicky, you say?
What's little Dicky gonna do when you're working late and Wilma's minding the fort and Sis is in and out?
Put away those straps and buckles.
Dicky's safe with us.
He's even learning to speak again.
Our way.
Best of all, he's safe with the people who know what it is you want from a world.
Simplicity.
Reliability.
A world you can go to without worrying about whether your money is safe.
You know, when we first got into this business, we didn't know much more than you.
Like you, we thought there was a world out there.
A world of value.
A world that needed meaning.
Beauty.
Love.
A world that needed a better product.
Uh-uh.
There's just you.
And you want to know something.
You want to know just exactly what it is you're supposed to do.
You don't really care why.
Just so long as it's the right thing.
It's natural.
Everyone wants to do the right thing.
But sometimes it's hard to know just what the right thing is.
Let's say you're black.
And you've just lost both your arms and legs defending U.S. interests in El Salvador.
You come home and get thrown in jail for life for beating up four white cops.
You want to know just exactly what is it I'm supposed to feel.
We can't give you all the answers.
But we can help you flesh out your fantasy that there are some.
At our labs, we use only the finest homemade ingredients.
Love.
Children.
God.
And the purest blend of money your needs can buy, grown right here by our special process.
A process in use since our first mom and pop operation.
Who are we?
We're the normal people.
That was Michael Pepe.
Yes, Michael Pepe.
Remember that name, folks.
Off his tape, Life Itself.
The greatest hits of Michael Pepe.
You can find out more about Michael Pepe.
And more creatures like that from the Church of the Subgenius.
We'll give that box number at the end of the broadcast.
I am.
I am.
I am to come.
I was.
I was.
I am.
I am to come.
I was.
I am.
I am.
I was to come.
I was.
I was.
I am.
I am.
I am to come.
I was.
I was.
I was.
I was to come.
Oh!
I was.
I was.
I was!
I was.
I was to come.
I was.
I am, I am, I am to come, my boy.
I am.



Dynamic overdrive.
I'm operating in ten thousand revolutions.
My motor is being preserved because I'm operating in supernatural overdrive.
I am certain you know what reality is.
No matter what I do to change it.
Normal I remain.
No matter who you turn into.
Normal can be just as bad as riding in a wheelchair
Today, serious heresy is a deviant state of consciousness.
Not so much deviant opinions
as having a kind of experience
which is different from regular experience.
We are taught what experiences are permissible
and therefore if a person has so-called strange experiences
and endeavors to communicate these experiences to other people
he is looked at in a very odd way and asked,
are you feeling alright?
Because people feel
that they are not feeling alright.



Distinctly uncomfortable
when they realize that they are in the presence of someone
who is experiencing the world in a rather different way from themselves.
They call in question as to whether this person is indeed human.
A cigar or something.
They look like a human being
but because the state of experience is so different
you wonder whether they really are.
And in rather the same way
in a very everyday kind of sense,
because it is the symptom of a certain circumstance
when you are sitting in a bar drinking
and you find you have a drunk next to you
and he turns to you and says,
I say,
and you sort of move your stool a little way away from this man
because he has become in some way
what we mean by non-human.
We expect a high of about 65 degrees tomorrow
increasingly cloudy skies once again
with some rain in the forefront.
crawled in and I must say I'm happy.
All right boys, Bob's got you hooked.
Bob's got a monkey on your back.
You know that Bob's doing something spooky again, ain't he?
That's what you're listening to here.
Yeah, yeah.
That's the kind of Bob that comes up out of the shadows.
It's the kind of Bob that follows you home.
It's the kind of Bob that calls you out
in the middle of the night and hangs out in the city.
Hey, let's kill Bob.
I got, I saw these hot dogs, Bob,
and they're like when my daddy got killed
with a baseball.
Cause those are the kind they sold there.
Ohio.
Ohio.
She's gone to Ohio.
They've got paddle wheels there.
Paddle wheels.
Bigger than a Panzer tank, Bob.
Bigger than a Panzer tank.
Bob.
Ohio.
In Ohio.
You got Ohio.
Ohio.
Ohio.
Ohio.
Five years.
Come on.
big, big, big, big, big, big,
Bigger than a Lego Wall dibular that makes aB presidente Cracker

the loudspeaker spoke up and said,
the loudspeaker spoke up and said, the loudspeaker spoke up and said, the loudspeaker spoke up and said, The loudspeaker spoke up and said, The loudspeaker spoke up and said,
A loud speaker spoke up and said,
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Oh, dear friends, and now we come down near the end of an hour of slack with this song,
this offensive song from negative land.
I must admit, this is just really disgraceful.
Friends, that P.O. Box you can write to for more information about the Church of the Subgenius
and its publications is Bob.
Friends, you can write to Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
It's in Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Thank you for listening, dear friends, and stay tuned for the Monday Morning Show
with Johnny Horton and Norm Warden.
Other things.
Give up!
Christianity is stupid!
Christianity is stupid!
Christianity is stupid!
Christianity is stupid!
Give up!
Give up!
Give up!
