Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
If you happen to tune in within the last few minutes and you are wondering about what's going on,
we'd like to tell you that this is a program about...
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
We want to pry into people's private lives to record anything that is really none of our business.
As you can see on the large screen behind me,
we're keeping track of things on one of our many manned space stations now in orbit,
while the small screens below show other activities being monitored by mission control.
I'll have them repeat it on the upper screens for you also.
SSL, this is instrumentation.
Roger.
SVO, start port recorders and TV video tape.
Record.
Roll call.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to hour of slot number 1839.
And I'm not sure exactly what all's going to be on this one,
except there may be a lot of me talking.
Reading, actually.
Because I came home from X-Day,
missing something I had sort of expected to have.
I have a lot.
In fact, I have too much.
And that makes the editing trickier.
And I'm behind and late.
So I don't know what we're going to do tonight or today or this morning or wherever you are.
But I do know this.
Stock up and save.
Friend, morality can be quantified.
Pay Bob to show you how.
Read the pamphlet.
Study it.
Memorize it.
You'll wonder aloud how such priceless wisdom can be sold openly, legally, and all for less than $2.
Tell your friends and family about your slack until their ears bleed.
And then...
That's from the Dobbs Town Mirror.
And now this.
The Lone Ranger
The Lone Ranger
The Lone Ranger
The Lone Ranger
The Lone Ranger
The Lone Ranger
The Lone Ranger
The Lone Ranger
The Lone Ranger
The Lone Ranger
Mayonnaise!
Potato salad is so rich and nourishing and flavorful when you use best foods, whole egg mayonnaise.
Mayonnaise!
Mayonnaise!
They covered me in mayonnaise, then they ate my bones.

Forearms streaked with junky veins, just like the rolling stones.
Syringes dangling from their wrists and from their pubic zone.
Their push cut rims with razor blades and human waist unknown.
They cover me in mayonnaise.
Mayonnaise!
So they can eat my bones.
Mayonnaise!
Mayonnaise!
They covered me in mayonnaise, then they ate my bones.
The bumblebees caress my skull
The queen protects her drones
She moistens them with jelly paste
Until they're fully grown
They penetrate my tender flesh
Ignore my pleading moans
And torture me with mayonnaise
Before they eat my bones
They torture me with mayonnaise
So they can eat my bones
So they can eat my bones
They torture me with mayonnaise
So they can eat my bones
They torture me with mayonnaise
Until they eat my bones
Until they eat my bones
Until they eat my bones
Until they eat my bones
They'd be off?
Heck, I even hate myself sometimes.
Yet we're all still subgenius.
But maybe you'd rather just get along.
Hey, what's that?
Bob! Bob! Bob!
Are you hurt?
Bob! Bob!
Hi.
You faker.
Steve, you know what this is, don't you?
It's a time-space warp.
I'm not sure I know exactly what that is.
I don't suppose anybody really does.
We've seen some strange things tonight.
Strange creatures that we know don't belong on our planet.
God only knows where they came from.
Jenny and Beth!
The Vortex took them.
Just...
Just...
Just took them away.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And now we're going to read from a document that is, in fact, a comic book, one might say.
One might have once called such a document a comic book.
We can discuss the first dimension.
The first dimension is the second dimension.
The second dimension is widely known.
And the third dimension has been studied in depth.
Yet there exists a realm beyond.
A world 65 light-years east of nowhere.
There it is, just ahead.
A dominion of sight and sound.
A universe that twitches and howls in three-quarters time.
A place we know as...
Swonk.
Yes, Swonk.
Where reality peaks at 3.14 in the afternoon with such clarity and sharpness you'd think it would shatter.
Where traffic signals radiate black light.
Where the dogs of war battle apes of wrath.
This is Swonk.
And, dear friends, Swonk is a comic book.
Or a magazine.
Or a collection of comics.
Originally published.
In the Arizona Daily a long time ago.
It's by Greg Petics who wrote these things.
And Reverend Chris Silla who sent me this copy of this collection.
And even though it's a comic book with drawings, I'm going to read some of the cool writing from it.
Because it's cool writing.
And some of them...
Well, I can describe the drawings.
And I'll skip the ones I've written.


And I'll just write the ones where I can't.
Here's a short one.
And they're all short.
After I dropped out of college, I worked at a grocery store in upstate New York.
One day I was looking for price stickers near the register.
And I saw something strange.
And it shows the buttons on the register such as tax, return, angel override, void.
Angel override?
What? Angel override?
Maybe this was the silent alarm of the apocalypse.
The glowing red bat phone to God.
One touch would summon an army of angels.
Jehovah's howling commandos sliding down from heaven on fire poles of pure light.
Dodging stun pumpkins while their M16 harp rifles spat out clean and holy death.
Boy, there's a great picture of the apocalypse happening there.
Then again, maybe not.
There's only one button I have faith in.
And it shows a finger pushing the cash register button that reads void.
And here's one panel in which we see a psychosomatic hunchback ascends to the papal throne on a platform of sacramental bourbon and scantily clad altar boys.
Displeasing the leader.
But it's not.
What?
Who do we see?


digestive system st intention?
I don't know.
Dancing.
atz waiting room what the fuck is the fucking last line on the loudspeaker?
Poor virgin.
and somewhat in style,
but also very, very different.
Swonk.
Bjork's stork forks the pork,
but Hank's dank tank stank.
Meanwhile, Bob's job selling fobs to mobs
and hobnobbing with snobs
makes Rob's blob sob.
And such a sad picture of Rob's blob sobbing
with tears running into the box of five-cent apples.
Wherever you are, however you are,
this is the BBBB.
BBBB.
Today, the U.S. Senate has been tortured
and torturing prisoners.
BBBBB news.
The United States has said that it's bad.
An Iraqi deputy interior minister
had been paralyzed by three people in Hunan province.
Others had had their skin peeled off
during the BBBBB.
The French parliament has approved violent unrest
in a number of French cities and towns.
The interior minister told parliament
that he was beaten and stabbed in the capital, Tunis.
The Tunisian government has denied
that it was behind the organized United Nations attack.
On Wednesday,
BBBBB.
China says it's producing more than 100 million doses of bird flu
and is producing more than 14 billion human deaths
from bird flu in a day.
BBBBB.
The U.S. government's announced it intends
to take the grisly interior secretary, Gal Norton,
off its list of endangered secretaries.
BBBBB.
Look at that caveman go.
Plato's theory of forms was an explanation of universals,
perceived laws of nature,
BBBBB.
such as animals giving birth to animals like themselves, etc.
Plato's theory is that there's a form
or ideal version of all things
and physical forms are imperfect emanations of it.
There's a perfect ideal human ideal
that physical humans are imperfect emanations of.
It makes just as much sense to say
that there are even less perfect emanations below us
and even more perfect ones
above the human.




The ideal we perceive.
Otherwise, you're in that familiar bait-and-switch of
everything has a cause
except that one thing.
And now this.
Now won't you dig?
Daddy's like, now won't you dig?
Now if you wanna hear some boogie
that I'm gonna play
Now that it's just an old piano
And I got face down
The drummer man has his eight feet of lane
Now I guess you remember slackin' old beat me?
Daddy Wayne
Mother sellin' chicken fried in bacon grease
Let us walk along slack down the road of peace
Let's me and you walk on down the road of peace, slack
Don't step on my feet, man
You know that's gonna hurt
I'm sorry, Wayne, I didn't mean to...
Be alright down the road of peace
Dig this, Fred, this is crazy!
Dig dig dig dig
Dig dig dig dig
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Be alright down the road of peace
Watch this Snatch Base, man!
Everybody wants to know, what the hell happened to X-Day?
For 45 years, Bob said that the world was gonna end at 7am on July 5th, 1998, and he's
still saying it!
Even the normals wanna see the end of the world.
They're muskin' for it.
Everybody secretly hankers for that Judgment Day porn in which their enemies fry and they,
of course, are spared.
Every other Hollywood blockbuster has some movie star saving the threatened world by
using his muscles and going,
AHHHHHHHHH!
Plus, you have your Heaven's Gate and your Jonestowns and your Waco's, where some little
band of weirdos manages to make the world end, at least for themselves.
Then there was...
the Y2K bug.
Remember that?
The pin kooks were all runnin' around like ninnies, fretting that their precious ATMs
and other false slack doohickeys would shut down, crash, fail to reboot.
They should be so lucky!
The day the con calendars, called July 5th, 1998, came, and no immediately discernible
world cataclysm occurred...
What a disappointment!
Oh, people made fun of the subgenie.
They mocked our serious beliefs.
But did we care?
Hell no!
We're religious nuts!
Did the Jehovah's Witnesses quit coming to your door just because the end of the world
fizzled out six or seven times in a row?
Did the Scientologists stop believing in L. Ron Hubbard?
Are we going to let the Jehovah's Witnesses or the Scientologists out kook us?
Ex-day might not come for the next 200 Julys straight, but the true subgeniuses will maintain
unquestioning faith in Bob's word and prophecy.
If Dobbs says the world ends July 5th, 1998, then that is what will happen!
The only thing proved by the events of, quote, July 5th, 1998, is that we have no idea what
year this really is.
And that's not the end of the world.
At 7.15 on 7.598, upon closer inspection of the original prophetic memo from Dobbs,
we encountered the 8661 quandary, the so-called upside-down bar napkin theory.
The subgenii at large were not exactly overjoyed by the idea that somebody had repaired a torn
memo by placing part of it upside down, and that we might have over 6,000 years to wait.

Before we get the immortality we paid $30 for.
But that's just one theory.
I've been telling and telling you people, hollow earth.
Everything turned inside out.
All the stuff that was on the inside is on the outside.
Holes at the poles seal up with Jehovah One and all pinks inside, where it gets to eat them forever.
New outside looks exactly like old outside.
But pinks are replaced by identical flesh robots.
When we return after a thousand year pleasure cruise, we're given new flesh robot bodies exactly like the ones we lost on July 5th, 1998.
Our memories are wiped back to X minus one, and we live out our lives exactly as we would have if X Day had never happened.
I remember from last time.
Well, that's what Nenslow predicted.
And for all we know, it came true.
Dr. Howell, besieged by whimpering gimme bobs complaining about the post-X Day world, shared this doctrinal rebuke with the poor wandering livestock.
Dear seeker, please calm yourself.
It's not the end of the world.
The official line is a tissue of flapdoodle involving a misreading of the launch date as scrawled by Bob himself.
On the back of an envelope.
The items of the issue are not here.







Steng read the year upside down, so that the year 8,661 AD was thought by the scribe to
be 18 c 20 go down eight thousand six sixty one a d eroys thought by the scribe to b
19 c 29 displayed by the scribe to be in twenty eight.
This would have the effect of giving the church more time.
To accomplish it's mission.
rorr.
you awake? In a twinkling of Bob's eye, the faithful, which I trust includes you, were caught
up in the clouds, in the so-called saucers, and returned in time for breakfast. All predicted
changes are happening or will happen, not according to human standards of time, but rather in accordance
with the movements, whether in epicycles or quanta, of the cosmic clock, which may only be read by
superhuman optic or other sensory organs. A religion that could be completely comprehended
and fully interpreted would be a toy, fit to be encapsulated and folded up to be put in one's
pocket. But behold, we show you a mystery. Isn't it universally accepted that one of the few things
we do know about the aliens is that when they abduct you,
they
are
always put you back? That the abductees do not immediately remember the details?
What in the name of Whitley Stryber were you people expecting? Without springing for a
conspiracy psychiatrist, look back, recollect in tranquility, if you will,
dare to disturb with a ripple of self-inquiry the deep pool of your unconscious memory.
Now then, are you sure you can completely account for your activities at 7 a.m.?
On July 5th, 1998? Austerely yours, Dr. Howland Owl.
Others insist that X-Day worked out, but only for Bob. We know that Bob makes a million dollars
every time he screws up. In 1998, we had 10,000 dues-paying subgenius ministers that felt Bob
screwed him big time. That's 10,000 screw-ups, 10 times one million dollars per screw-up,
or 10 billion dollars.
That's how much Bob stood to lose should X-Day succeed.
Maybe a delay of X-Day was engineered by Dobbs after he convinced his customers for this
galactic drug deal, the Elder Gods, that he could brew up an even more pure grade of the
drug in question, that being human soul, given a little more time. With Bob's cultivation
of the church, he was providing enough variation in the additives to keep them wanting more.
On July 3rd, 1998, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon related this parable.
Two bulls, an old one and a young one are standing on a hilltop, looking at a herd of cows in
the valley below. The young bull says, hey pops, let's run down these on some of them
cows. The old bull replies, no, let's walk down there and sunbub all of them cows. The




those cows. So maybe that's what Dobbs is really up to with this rescheduling. And friends, there
are many more theories. It was all just a joke theory, the total recall theory, and there's the
description of what really happened at Brushwood by Onan, which is a whole other story. But
you make me happy when I am blue. Too low. 1-800-1961. I'm acting just like an animal.
There's all the time I need and all the time I want. Ample. Antithesis. Are you hungry? Are you
in good hands?
I'm hungry.
Ashes of a dead world. And he moved an entire community back into the dark ages.
Better blood. Bob called me. I sing the body electric. I sing the body electric. I sing the
body electric. I sing the body electric.
Burn up. But I made love. I can't even play Perry Como. Chip off the old block. Chip off the old
block. Come on out. Come. A dimension of mind. Don't make any noise when the music's playing.
Don't paint the sun anymore. Don't paint the sun anymore. Don't touch. Don't touch my tool.
Depths paid. Listening to someone talk about who or what they love,
is a very important part of the story. It's a very important part of the story. It's a very
important part of the story. It's a very important part of the story. Isn't that a pleasure, no matter
who the who is or what the what is? Listening to someone talk about who or what you are supposed to
love? Mixed bag, eh? Except when it's the church of the subgenius. Everybody likes, dislikes,
is indifferent to, or is ignorant of Bob. And that's a fact. Oh, thank you, the Rudy Schwartz
Project for the back.
Background music, which is called, uh, well, the album is called Frop Music. And now this.
The men in white picked him up yesterday. With the nuts and the squirrels, ha ha.
Oh, and then the days got worse. And then the days got worse. Oh, at last they let me out.
He needs to pray.
Oh, yes, I'm going to take me away. Ha ha.
He.
We're sitting in a
The funny farm where life is
And all the time. And you'll be
Stay and play with my new friend.
I'm normal. I'm okay.
Where the people all smile while I
But this
Hey, hi there.
You would make me flip my lid.
It was a joke and so you
Didn't you the day you swore you'd all
Ha ha.
Ha ha.

They're coming to take me away.
Oh, hee hee. Ha ha.
To the bay.
Six milliamps in a discuser view.
I'm mad.
And happy they took you away. Ha ha.
Oh, no.
Or damn, and I spread rumors at stuff.
You and how I should cut my hair.
Look upon all them tom-dom-dom-dom.
And you're right. I am making friends. You.
I cooked you food. I
And that gives me the
Who's next?
Yeah.
Losing you would surely make me
And they're coming to take me.
Ha ha.
Push to sow the coffee.
Ha ha.
Well, you just
You'll get just what you deserve.
Where's trees and grass?
And I don't
Just my thumbs and feed my lizard.
To drive me sane.
He he.
All of this ha ha ha hee hee.
Here to you and that's the day.
Some men in a green white coat.
Look up.
And
They're coming.
Where life was ludicrous all the time.
Ha ha ha.
And
They're coming to take me away.
Ha ha ha.


Oh.
And flowers and chirping birds and
They're a crew who sleep and smile and twiddle their
On the wall.
Ha ha ha.
Big and tough.
At the start of every disaster movie there's a scientist being ignored and or a scientist being heated.
But that's what disaster movies are for.
Disaster.
If you're making movies in your head, and most of us do, make the ones you want to see.
That might be a disaster movie.
But it might be some other kind of movie.
See what other genres are available in your mind.
When I don't have my head stuck in a black hole, I always listen to the hour of slack.
Because it makes me laugh and I like to laugh.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
In Bedlam Cathedral, organ grinders float polkas up to the vaulting.
While a chorus of hee nuns speak in tongues.
Behold the high pope of insanity drooling into the sacred clemato.
Preaching the oral Torah of ghost stories, knock knock jokes, and Paul's letters to the penthouse forum.
This is the chapel of madness where the Holy Trinity goes nyuk nyuk nyuk.
Spam transubstantiates into the flesh of Liberace.
And one plus one plus one equals one.
Here's one in the EC style.
Greetings my fellow parishioners, and welcome to the catacombs of Rome.
I'm your faithful storyteller, the sub-pope, caretaker of the Catholic Church's forbidden library of pornography and apocrypha.
I call this little yarn, Rubbed Raw.
The USS Nazarene, recon ship for the church's first interstellar crusade, streaks through space in search of souls to convert.
The mother superior was deathly afraid of star travel.
So afraid that her praying became almost ungodly.
Oh please God don't let me die here. Please God don't let me die.
Look at her, the way she obsessively rubs those rosary beads. It's inhuman.
The space papists finally arrive at Pius XII.
Look! Crucifixes as tall as skyscrapers! Steeples that reach the clouds! Could it be possible?
Wait, wait, what's that up ahead?
Jesus, Mary and Joseph, it's freakin' huge! Oh God, no, no!
The giant creature cracks open the ship, decapitates the crew, and strings their heads on a long cable.
It bellows in a strange tongue as it rubs the mother superior's skull between its fingers.
And as everything goes black, she realizes what the alien is doing.
It is praying.
Well, sister, how does it feel to have someone praying on you?
Amen.
And the monster...
Monster, or as saying, Spa Fon Squachant.
Which is...
Secret comic book code alien talk from the olden days.
And you know, let me say this.
His number is 13013.
And he also has an email address.
It's dub, uh, at dub, duh, dot, org.
That's dub, uh, at dub, duh, dot, org.
And that's all well and good.
But here, then, is the story of the 26th X-Day drill previously called 24 X-Day, quote, 2021, unquote.
This is my story of what I just did last week.
And how it came about.
This beautiful young subgenius named Reverend Exanthea Octoshroom started suggesting that the alien was a monster.





Suggesting to me, way back in the days of Myspace, that we hold an event at the Land of the Lakes, Florida nudist resort owned by her and her dad.
Oh, nothing happened for many years.
Then, in 2019, Exanthea visited us at Stang Ranch in person and amazed me at how together she was despite her jaw-dropping good looks.
She's a professional model as well as a hardworking art bum like myself and a fossil collector and nudist resort owner.
In 2020, I started letting people know that for a bunch of reasons I was having to retire from running X-Day at Wisteria or anywhere else.
Dr. Argus Fox, Fid Chooley, Reverend Pease, and a few others heard that as a clarion call.
And that's what we're here for.
They visited the resort and the next thing I knew they'd bought me a plane ticket to 24X Day at Land of Id.
Promising me fine health food.
Turned out to be all McDonald's.
Because they just got too busy.
And they even hired a subgenius Uber driver, our friend Reverend Nugget, to take me to and from the airports.
How could I say no?
They also offered Philo and he said no.
So they called Dr. Howe.
Who is up for any program.
And despite some challenging thunderstorms, which are typical of any X-Day drill, the event went great.
Largely because the venue, Land of Id, is perfect for our purposes.
Flush toilets, a pristine swimming pool, indoor clubhouses, covered stage, and it's in town.
No more 45 minute drives for beer, cigarettes, and hot dogs.
It's a huge supermarket five minutes away.
The turnout was like the last several drills at Wisteria in Ohio.
Only about 40 people.
Many of them were new to me and some were local Floridians.
But I was astounded how many came from far away.
Like the band Rubik's Cube from Pennsylvania.
They're veterans of X-Day, Ohio and New York X-Day since Lord Rockstar was about 15.
Because he's a rock star.
He's the son of old Reverend St. Fultimus X. Mortis.
Reverend Negative and Reverend Katana 007 of the band Sub-G Kids came from, I think, Indiana.
They got engaged on the way there.
And I married him on July 4th after their performance.
Or maybe before the... I don't remember.
Lord Ferg came.
Also, I think, from Indiana.
With a house trailer.
Which came in really handy for our great preacher, Papa Joe Mama.
Who had his little daughters with him.
And he did not let them see his performances.
Or much of anything else.
Lord Ferg's been a huge help in every way at X-Day going back to the Brushwood days.
Also super helpful were Reverend Aster, the wife of Fox.
I married them too.
Many drills back.
She was kind of the mom of this drill.
Reverend Walter Cosmack was once again another great help and supplier of the coolest art gizmos and art robots.
A new person who helped a lot was Reverend Dirty Instigator.
She was one of the few subgeniuses who was actually nude most of the time.
Luckily, she's young and healthy.
And we had the cleanest.
Bobtism of all time.
For the land of Id has a swimming pool.
A really nice one.
No more water spiders, leeches, or mystery moss.
And no old sequoia either.
But that just means nobody had to be sacrificed this year.
Every day there were radio shows during the day.
Some with boring old pros like Dr. Howell, Papa Joe, and myself.
Some with highly excited rank amateurs.
Some with modern podcaster baiters like the Time for the Show Boys.
There was an Ask Dr. Howell show.
And there were so many bands that I'm still trying to sort out their names as well as my recordings.
Apparently I'm the only person whose recordings weren't destroyed by the rain.
Unfortunately, mine are all from my phone or my little ambient location recorder.
The line recordings that we wanted most got drowned on the last night.
And the roughness of my recordings means longer editing and tweaking time.
So getting the good bits out on this show may happen gradually.
An excellent bob dummy was burned on the last night.
The head was provided by Hel Swami Satellite Weavers who made the best bob sculpt.
And can make plastic masks from it.
Under that plastic mask was a skull.
In theory, the fire would melt the plastic face to reveal the skull.
A la the Melting Face.

A melting Nazi face in Indiana Jones.
Sadly, the body of the dummy,
was sitting up in a chair, was spineless.
And it flopped forward during the burn.
So the skull reveal never happened.
Still, it was a bob burn him.
Burn him. Burn him. Fire!
I haven't a flashlight?
Burn him! Burn him! Burn him! Burn him! Burn him! Burn him! Burn him! Burn him! Burn him!
Bob on fire!
Uh oh! He's caught on fire!
His suit blazer is ablaze!
His lap is hot. Hot lap of Bob.

take that bob!
burn in hell pink boy!
kill.
Bob.
kill.
bob.
kill.
bob.
kill.
bob.
kill.
bob.
kill.
fab.
kill.
bob.
kill.
killed.
Kill Bob! Kill Bob!
Kill Bob! Kill Bob!
Kill Bob! Kill Bob!
Oh, he's smoking now!
Oh, look at that!
Look at the collar there, Bob!
Hey, Bob! Do you got a lighter?
Where's the hot dogs?
There goes the pipe.
The pipe is hanging.
He's about to let go.
That's it, man, when the pipe falls.
The pipe!
The pipe!
The pipe!
My God, it's like his
face is just melting off
of that stupid, thick, bonehead
skull of his.
Sick. Sick,
sick, sick.
This is just a sick,
sick spectacle.
I can't believe it. Oh my God,
look at that. Oh, no!
That's it.
Kill Bob! Kill Bob!
Kill Bob! Kill Bob!
Kill Bob! Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Oh, God!

Oh, God!
Oh, God!
Oh, God!
I need a rag.
Oh, God!
To Bob, man!
What a
nightmarish
spectacle.
I just stand there staring at the
burning of Bob.
I want to hear some Kill Bob!
and watch people run around that room.
Who knows, there's no pagans around to be drumming
and, you know,
celebrating, everybody stripping
their clothes off and dancing
around the damn thing.
Bill Dibbs! Bill Dibbs! Bill Dibbs!
Bill Dibbs! Bill Dibbs! Bill Dibbs!
You kind of need the pagans sometimes.
We got him!
We finally got that bastard. We killed Bob.
Again.
There doesn't seem to be anything left of him in here.
Well, I can't wait for the sausage to come.
Reverend Stang?
I know we're kind of bonded by a murder now,
but let's just
make sure we don't call
the cops, guys.
No, when you have a problem and you call the cops,
as Chicken John said,
then you have a problem
and the cops.
Well, now that we're bonded forever by this
murder, we have to take a
blood vow. No, we don't.
No? Isn't that how it goes?
No, we just don't
advertise it.
Smart move.
Smart play.
Proof that Bob does not
just quit. He gets fired.
You're fired, Bob.
Remember,
people watch the line of drinking
to make sure you have alcohol and fire
on every level of your home.
Remember, if someone in your household
smokes or is under the influence of fire,
you must be aware of Ontario.
Remember,
I'm a dangerous drinker.
Remember, there's more to responsible drinking
than alcohol and fire
on every level of your home.
Orange Blossom Brewery
donated 50
cases
of beer.
They arrived on Friday and we were
down to only 10 cases by Monday.
Miraculously, no one
was hurt or had to be dragged out of the road
by me. Simply amazing.
One reason may be
that it was all IPA
beer, specifically
back in the day IPA.
And many people can't
handle the bitter taste of IPAs.
I love them, but
as a good role model, I didn't
ever get
very drunk.
Crap, that's the one we got.
It's the only one they had, dude.
Orange Blossom Brewing
back in the
day IPA.
Stang, you should come see this.
Oh my god.
Orange Blossom Special.
Oh, this is dangerous.
This is an accident waiting
to happen.
This is suicide.
This is Jonestown.
This is fucking Heaven's Gate all over again.
You guys are nuts.
I thought we were a different UFO cult.
There's only going to be about
40 people here.
This just gives me a feeling
of utter horror
and fear.
Well, that's why I brought you here.
I'm so glad this didn't happen.
What happened under my watch?
I fear the vomit.
I fear the
bodies in the road.
They're not dead,
but they'll feel that way
the next day.
Mom and puke.
Mom and puke.
You guys are all going to end up like me in hell.
Amazing Orange Blossom.
Broken back.
Yep, that's a lot of beer.
How I began my career

as an alcoholic.
Many people take years to fall
under the spell of John Barleycorn.
But here at the Church of the Subgenius
we have our accelerated program
of inebriation
for the Enlightened.
Which I will now initiate.
I also spent about every
other hour inside Reverend
Exanthea's house, which has a sea
and also is
a lot like my house since she's also
a fossil hunter and a connoisseur
of crazy art and antique
furniture and weird decoration.
Including her own
excellent sexy sci-fi
surrealist paintings shown here
on slide three.
I was treated like a king
when I wasn't getting ball busted
for being a high muckamuck.
The Bulldotta auction was full of
killer stuff. I got some
rare Doc Savage reprints
and a 2020
election chess set
that has to be seen
to be believed.
And my old pal Papa Joe Mama
had action figures made
of him and me.
They don't look anything like either of us really
but hey, you know, at least we have action figures.
Friends, I have to
drop in and mention that
those action figures
are not available.
They were banned from stores
after protests by the
National Union of Teachers and Nurses.
How about that?
And a new
guy, Reverend Grindstaff brought
dozens of Dobbshead spin art
paintings that a lot of people bought.
And he was a new guy who
seemed to quickly make friends with everybody
and there were a lot of new guys. He made a lot
of new friends. And when I say
guys, I mean ladies
as well. That's
kind of, sort of what X-Day drills
are good for. Standing around
in the road talking. That's
my favorite part.
Although a lot of us
old timers missed a lot
of fellow old timers like
Reverend Susie the Flusie, Reverend
Fight C. Taj, the amino
acids, the circus
apocalypse clowns on drugs,
Potter and Petal
Nostril, Philo, and
also everyone who died
such as Reverend
Heathen and Dr. Dart just to name
a very few.
On the last day, Tropical Storm
Elsa was bearing down on Tampa
and I basically got the last
flight out to Dallas.
Because the airport closed
three hours after we took off.
Awaiting me at home
were a ton of
orders to fill including 16
memberships bought between July
1st and July 5th.
That happens every X-Day drill.
Are these people smart?
Or superstitious?
Or both?
Because
they're held at campgrounds instead
of in motels, every
X-Day drill presents
some kind of terrifying
and inspiring
miracle of nature.
And those are always my favorite
parts of the drills because
I love nature.
When the
rain started drenching everything
the first day the miracle happened.
Suddenly there were walking
catfish all over
the yards and porches.
The whole resort.
I mean everywhere.
There are these smallish black
stinking catfish
that drag themselves by their front
fins out of the big
central pond looking for
new bodies of water and
bodies of new spouses.
I loved it.
It was so weird for me.
I come from a dry, dry
land. But here fish
rained from the sky and
walked upon the land.
Signs in the heavens and signs
in the earth. It had to be the real
X-Day. Or at least
the real X-Day.
I spent an hour helping
Xanthia clear them from her
big enclosed porch which has
its own little pond. And I ran
around helping all the employees
and residents carry the stranded
ones back to the pond lest they
dry out and stink later before
they got wherever they were going.
I mean they stink bad enough
when they're still alive.
Anyway friends let me close
by saluting my new fellow
victims of Devival Host Syndrome.
Not that many people have had it.
But here's some new ones
that lived through it.
Dr. Argus Fox, Reverend
Fid Chooley, and
Reverend Pease. And Reverend
Xanthia. They
saved X-Day.
Praise
them. And praise
that man Bob. And
thanks to CyberChump
for the background music which is
from their CD called
The Construction of Things.
And I'll see you guys
in the next video.
Peace.
FAIL
Collages have been by Norell Preff and also Lee Murr.
Incidentally, I got some good news.
The recordings from X-Day that I was hoping for came through.
The rain did not destroy everything after all.
But next, well, you know how sometimes the only way to get rid of a maddening earworm
is to foist it onto others and infect them with it?
Well, that's what I'm about to do to you with this song by the Swingin' Love Corpses.
It's one of my favorite songs of all time, but I was never satisfied with the recording,
which is from a cassette of a VHS tape.
But I worked it over with my magic compression and normalizing tools and just with magic.
And either I've ruined it because I'm, after all, partially deaf
and have no business attempting to sweeten sound,
or I actually did make it sharper and clearer.
Hopefully, it's still the worst best brain worm ever.
It's unusual for a Swingin' Love Corpses song because it's not by either of the Drummond brothers,
but by their cousin, guitarist Ray Hay.
Remember how earlier I said I loved nature?
I said that because I knew I'd end with this.
Here's nature.
I hate it.
Oh, this music in the background, by the way, is cyberpunk.
Superchunk.
gonna turn up this zone










Well, it's been a while since time began
A bad struggle against nature, forcing nature against man
Tectonic fate, movement is imperfect sand
Nature has the power, nature has the upper hand
Nature! I hate it!
Nature! I hate it!
Nature! I hate it!
Well, the forces of nature come in many degrees
Maybe a forest fire, plague or killer bees
It may be an earthquake or maybe typhoon
Tornadoes, volcanoes, rains and monsoons
Nature!
I hate it!
Nature!
I hate it!
In the baby's dioxide
Ludicrous
Wipe out a whole species
Harder to make you feel
Guard your hole in the earth
Fill that hole with plastic
And you'll see the world in your eyes
The way we treat our planet
Wondered that it's bad
The way we treat our planet
The way we treat our planet

The way we treat our planet
Wondered that it's bad

Wondered that it's bad



Well, it's all ours
Well, it's all ours
Men die

Men die
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I don't want to get off the stage.
Who told me to get off the stage?
Am I just paranoid?
Rationing reason?
You can't think that.
What if everybody thought like you do?
That's what some people say.
Friend, the evidence is clear that not everybody thinks like I do.
You can pick your battles and you can pick your friend's nose,
but picking your battles is better than letting a nosy friend pick them for you.
Thank you.
I support my thinking far less.
About what people support, including myself.
Heck, is some other people.
Thank you, Uncle Dr. Onan Canabite, for the Dobstown Mirror.
I'm falling.
And I can't get up.
Calling Dr. Howard.
Dr. Fine.
Dr. Howard.
No, I'm a doctor, not a mechanic.
We're losing potency in our antimatter pod.
Our mind is growing.
I can feel it.
You see?
You see?
You're stupid minds.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Mark it with a T.
There are any number of popular ethical thinkers who are now forgotten
because they said things like,
do not turn to bitterness because an object,
you covet, is unobtainable.
But here we are, all these centuries later,
still repeating the jokes of the funny animal stories of Aesop.
I say, sour grapes, and you know what that means.
But animals can't talk.
Is that too smart for your own good 1990s atheistic attitude
that assures alienating the audience?
And that's a whole bunch of Aes there
from the hole called the Dobstown Mirror,
about which you may learn more
if I can find the inside front page.
Go ahead, I'll fold it up.
Yeah.
The Dobstown Mirror is available at the discretion of the Subgenius Foundation
or by subscription from Radio Subgenius.













The link is in the description.
Subscribe via Patreon,
patreon.com slash Dobstown,
for as little as $1 per month
and receive sacred artifacts in the mail
on the first day of January, April, July, and October.
Write to Get Your Pencil Ready Friends,
Reverend Onan Canobite at P.O. Box 3,
Columbus, Indiana.
4-7-2-0-2.
Yes, that really is P.O. Box 3.
And Bob's P.O. Box really is not Box 808,
as much as I would like it to be.
It's P.O. Box 807,
Glen Rose, Texas, 7-6-0-4-3.
Thank you.
Thank you.





Thank you.







for the F.R.O.P. music album in the background
and to Dr. Onan Canobite for all of that stuff I read.
For you see, friends, as it says in Prescriptures 55-58,
the devil cannot seize up a bald man by the hair,
but God will put food in the beard of a man.
Pretty cool, huh?
Thank you.
