Bob is fictional and purely coincidental.
All names used on this program refer to real people either living or dead.
I feel happy.
The Self Genius.
Power of Swatch.
And now we are at your service.
No.
If you are unhappy.
No, no.
Yes?
Who said I was unhappy?
I'm happy.
I'm very happy.
Very, very happy.
Yes.
Unhappy.
Unhappy.
Oh.
Very happy.
From PR News in Washington, I'm touring Europe.
The EU's top trade official says Robert is there.
She's not sure how.
PR's far right former wife has more.
He then moved on to Zurich.
So Switzerland.
Hungary is on our side.
Like PR News.
President Trump is going to vote in a special Tuesday.
As PR's report reports, Democrats say PR News.
The gunman who killed three mental health workers, that this is PR.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights said on Friday that attacks on PR News cannot go unanswered.
The Pentagon has released plans for aircraft, but there will be no PR News in order to protect the street pavement in Washington.
Ah, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yes, yes, dear friends.
Last week we were reading from The Agent and Mr. Dobbs by Reverend Teeters LaVerge.
Actually, it's a document that Reverend LaVerge found.
Well, he came into possession of this document.
It was written in 1962.
And but was found in 1989 on the body of a.
Transient party clown that had been shredded and had to be assembled back together, which was not easy.
We read part one and a little bit of part two last week.
And I decided that even though I'm not in the studio with the fancy microphones at WCSB, my studio at home here in the slacker mansion with this microphone is close enough for.
So.
Some genius work.
That's what she said.
So we will continue.
Actually, I'll I'll read the last paragraph from last week to help refresh your memory.
The agent, the unnamed agent was had fallen in with Mr.
Dobbs.
I awoke.
I'm not sure when on a garbage strewn beach in some tropical or subtropical location.
I recall the sound of ocean waves breaking on the shore.
And that of a Mambo band.
I almost choked when I was offered a daiquiri by the dictator.
F blanked out.
C blanked out.
We assume Fidel Castro.
And I'm just going to say that from now on.
Who is sitting next to me on the beach towel.
I drank the beverage only out of a severe thirst.
It was tasty.
However, you can't beat good Cuban rum.
Sitting on the other side of me was Dr.
Oswald.
Who was.
Removing the cash from my wallet.
Mumbling about that.
Damn Bob never pays me on time.
I was so overwhelmed that I did nothing to counter his actions.
Fidel Castro kept serving me daiquiris.
And so in a very short time,
I found myself intoxicated again,
though my actions may seem un-American bear in mind that I considered myself still undercover.
I eventually extricated myself.
By saying I needed to urinate in the ocean.
While doing my business.
I was startled by Mr.
Dobbs shooting up out of the water in front of me like a deranged dolphin.
His pipe miraculously still smoking.
He mentioned that the water was quite a bit warmer here.
And if I would not mind if he lingered to warm himself up a bit.
I of course never told him of the source of warmth.
I was startled again by what I initially thought were Mrs.
Dobbs Connie's hands rubbing the strain out of my back.
Bob sat in the water in front of me smiling while I felt all the tension being massaged from my shoulders.
It was incredibly relaxing until a slim gray hand popped another Dobbs Co.
Pill in my mouth and smoothed it down my throat.
It was not Mrs.
Dobbs.
It was that damnable gray creature from that horrible first movie.
I was on my first night at the Dobbs residence.
Bob found my confusion and fear amusing.
He laughed and jumped up and down in the water screaming Bob wants one too.
Bob wants one too.
Mr.
Dobbs received a large handful of pills.
Pills by the way is spelled with one L throughout this manuscript.
Strangely the pills seemed to sober him up.
Unlike in my case where the hallucinations began in earnest again.
I could have sworn I saw Mr.
Dobbs soon after absentmindedly battling a giant shark while lecturing both Fidel Castro and Dr.
Oswald on some convoluted concept he called Slack.
The next event I clearly remember was having martinis in a jet with Mr.
and Mrs.
Dobbs, the president and his wife and that abominable gray creature.
Mr.
Dobbs was bemoaning the reliability of Dr.
Oswald while the president was assuring him that though he had a tendency to whine about being left out that all in all he was reliable.
Mrs.
Dobbs, the president's wife and the gray were defining the future from the entrails of a squid.
All three seemed deeply concerned.
Feeling bold and being sick of the constant drugging.
When the first thing that was taking place I stood up and demanded to know what was really going on.
Initially I was ignored until I tried to grab the pipe out of Mr.
Dobbs' mouth.
It would not budge.
It was like it was part of his bone structure but it did grab his attention.
He looked at me straight in the eye.
His constant grin seemed to get bigger and his face dissolved into a mass of tiny luminescent dots.
It was then that I knew he had the power.
I backed away in fear and awe until the president beckoned me over stuttering in his annoying New England accent.
It's alright son.
Bob's got things under control.
I thought to myself that this buffoon, this magician, this slacker has things under control.
But it appears that he did or does.
I was then quickly sold.
I myself was sold like in an auction by our president to Mr.
Dobbs for a stack of Styrofoam cups and a game of tic-tac-toe which Mr.
Dobbs declared he had to win and a carefully chosen donut from a squished box that lay at the president's feet.
I felt exhausted.
I felt that I somehow had let down my country even though I was in essence commanded by our president to obey.
It pained me to think that I was sold to this man-god-beast for some junk.
Then I remembered my oath.
Then I remembered all the junk laying around Mr. Dobbs' mansion.
The severed heads.
I was just part of a bigger plan.
I knew then it was my duty to play the game through.
Still, my insides burned with shame.
For the rest of the flight, I sat back.

I was brooding.
Nothing could bring me out of my funk.
Not Mr. Dobbs' childish and obvious magic coin tricks.
I knew very well he had it in his hand when he pulled the quarter from behind my ear.
Neither the president's poor impersonations of cartoon characters could pull me from my funk.
It was only the pills that got me in the swing of things and that was a shame to me in and of itself.
The Dobbses, the Greys and I were dropped off in Miami Beach.
Where the Dobbses had a residence.
While the president mentioned that he had to go to some secret base in New Mexico until things, quote, cooled down a bit, unquote.
The Dobbs' residence was not at all like their mansion.
It was small and neat.
I was ushered into the bathroom and told to take a shower for, according to Bob, I smelled like, quote, the older ones on a binge.
The shower immediately stopped.
I was sobered me up and I found that I was famished.
Dinner, however, was a disappointment.
It was cold rice with a bit of rat meat.
Bob said he had learned this hangover remedy from one Uncle Ho and that I'd better get used to it.
It was disgusting.
I feigned eating, hiding the half-chewed scraps in my napkin.
Bob did not eat but puffed away on his pipe.
Connie, however, ate with gusto.
After dinner, I insisted that we go to this tiki lounge I knew of nearby for ham and pineapple.
I told him it was on me, though I had no cash after Dr. Oswald's thievery.
This excited Bob to such a degree that he jumped up on the table and started to do his Friday night dance again.
It took Connie some time to quiet him down.
That is the end of part two of The Agent's Diary.
Rick Bob, read by an unknown agent, delivered or —
you few who see it in the slide,
by Reverend Titus LaVurge.
Cabina D Reddit
Rif...!
I will read part three.
Forgive me, Tribe,
there and listen to my voice you know that i am your friend and so you can rest now you will
listen to my voice and you will remember everything i say because you know we love you we want you
you will listen to my voice and you will rest quietly you can do everything i tell you
and remember everything i tell you we know we love you
and we love you
we want you and we need you and you are safe in our care so you are happy for when you are happy
we are proud of you and then a happy dream will come to you dreams are real good dreams make your
sleeping time happy now you can close your eyes and rest you don't have to do anything or go
anywhere just close your eyes for a while
and rest then nice dreams will come to you you can always sleep easy and we'll watch over you as you
sleep you like to go to sleep and tell yourself what to dream now you can have funny dreams or
pretty dreams you can have small dreams or big dreams and all the time you are dreaming you are
safe and cozy in your bed
off.

nar
dream
dreams
dreams
dream
dreams
green
tunnel
1700
yourself to have quiet dreams, they will be quiet. You can sleep and wait for a dream,
and when it comes, it will be happy or pretty. You can dream about things that are fun, because
you know that everyone loves you so. You will sleep happy, and now you can tell yourself,
when I go to sleep, I will be happy, because everyone loves me, and all my dreams will be
happy dreams. That was by the Rathole, Royal American Temple of the Holy Order of Lower
Evolution. The Rathole Clench. Spooky! Before that, we've been hearing an old reading of the
newly published subgenius novel that's not yet in our catalog, but will be soon.
Hopefully, before we finish reading the whole book out loud on this show.
This is part three of The Agent and Mr. Dobbs. The music, by the way, in the background is the
soundtrack from the Kenneth Anger movie called Lucifer Rising. No connection, just happened to
be a nice long piece of music. No reason we picked it.
Music of that title, performed by that particular set of former Manson family inmates of a prison.
This music was recorded on death row. Anyway, to further on here in The Agent and Mr. Dobbs,
part three. Bob decided that we would walk while Connie would take their pedicab. I had never seen a
service here in our great nation, although I was beginning to be immune to the insanity that
permeated my experience around the Dobbses. I actually vomited a little in my mouth when I
saw the creature that was pulling the pedicab. It was A, and here it's blanked out again, A.H.
Blanked out. His mustache was shaved, but it was him. I could see the stitch-marked scars around
the top of his head where his brain had been re-inserted.
I was always led to believe that the Soviets burned his body but sold his brain isn't
it strange for the secret that those folks we found in our blanked out New Mexico…
sold us in exchange for the bodies of their comrades. WHAT A REVELATION! As is known, I lost my
big brother to the Germans in the big one, so every cell in my body wanted to strangle that terrible
things standing by the curb, but seeing him dressed in a tutu with rabbit ears
on his head, I was moved to pity. It was quite obvious that he was near
brain-dead at this point. He could also, I might add, haul that pedicab pretty damn
fast in those six-inch stiletto heels. Further down the sidewalk on that
moonlit, humid night, I had to finally admit to Bob that Dr. Oswald had stolen
all my money. Bob snickered and nodded knowingly, saying,
He is a little worm, but I've got plans for him.
I was pondering this potentially dangerous comment when Bob suddenly stopped and bent down
to tie his shoe. I then walked to the front when a brick from nowhere hit me square
in the head. Thank God for the steel plate I had placed there after the
accident, for if Bob had not stopped to tie his shoe, I'm sure that he would have
been the one who would have been the one to have been the one to have been the one to have been
brain. Although now I wonder if he could ever be hurt. He has the most persistent
luck of any man I've known. When Bob had finished tying his shoe,
ignoring my yelps of pain in the violent flow of blood flowing down my face, he
came back up with a wallet. Miraculously, he said that he knew this
man, the owner of the wallet one Dr. Tim Leary. It would seem that they were
old friends.
Bob mumbled to himself that the SOB owed him as he proceeded to take all the cash
from the wallet, a sandal warehouse charge card, and a folded slightly blue
tinted piece of paper that was perforated into many small squares. This
object Bob seemed most excited about for he shoved it into his mouth and mumbled
something like, let him try to read my mind again. He then started to chuckle. He
chuckled until we walked into the Tiki lounge. At least we had over a hundred
dollars in cash that Bob now had. Connie was already seated at a table with two
cabana boys dancing for her. Bob took me by the arm and led me up to the bar
where filling one hand with a wad of colorful Monopoly money and the other
with a wad of strange smelling sticky tobacco and a chewed up old pipe. He told
me to
frop up a bit and get something to drink. He glared over at Connie, hitched up his
pants and mumbled that he had to take care of a few things and damn those boys
stole my dance moves. I found myself engrossed in this strange tobacco. It was
not as the youth of today called Mary Jane. It had a foul odor and taste but
for some reason I found that it not only soothed my spirit but that the pipe seemed to be
stuck in my mouth. I was not clenching my teeth down on the stem yet I could not
extract it. It was as if it glued itself to my mouth. That fact made eating dinner
rather difficult. I apparently was oblivious under the influence of this
weed when I heard the sounds of breaking glass. I knew it must be Bob.
Surely enough he had pushed all the plates and glasses off the table and was
dancing with the boys on the tabletop. Connie looked away apparently in disgust as she
She filed her nails with what looked like the severed hand of a gorilla or some other sort of great ape.
Bob then threw a salt shaker, which hit me square in the forehead, causing it to bleed.
I must now add that no one had mentioned the fact that my face was already covered in fresh blood or that I was not wearing trousers.
Bob had still not given them back to me yet.
He yelled to me,
Get those damn Mai Tais! I have a powerful thirst!
I proffered the Monopoly money to the bartender in my fropped-up state.
He looked at Bob and back to me, shook his head, and produced a picture of the drink.
There was fear in his eyes.
Is this Bob a member of a criminal group, the criminal group that does not exist?
It may have been some strange influence of the frop,
but the twenty feet and the few steps,
the seconds that it took to get to our table seemed more like a mile and an hour.
I wonder now if there was not some sort of space-time distortion brought on by the frop,
for when I arrived at the table it was neatly set with plates of appetizers,
which very much looked and tasted like flambéed monkey brains.
Tasty, though.
Bob's were raw.
Plus, there was a youngish-looking man that was introduced as Timmy Boy.
Bob said that he had big jumbo, big giant colossal plans for him.
It was apparently the Dr. Tim Leary whose wallet Bob had just found on the street.
I began to wonder if I were being set up.
But reviewing the strange luck that Bob seemed to have,
I had to admit to myself that maybe this guy was more than extraordinary.
He already had shown that he had at least as much power as the President.
Bob did give Dr. Leary back his wallet, but claimed that some young punks jumped us.
He pointed convincingly to my bloody head and shirt, stating that my bleeding head was good.
I still don't understand what he meant by that.
Dr. Leary tore through his wallet in an angry manner.
He grabbed Bob by the wrist, stating, not asking,
You took the blotter?
Bob just stuck out his tongue with the messy, faded and chewed wad of paper,
and then he started sitting there.
His tongue was extraordinarily long and lizard-like.
He snapped it back with a grin.
Dr. Leary drew his hands back to himself and pouted.
Dinner went surprisingly well.
The conversation was adept and civilized,
though the Dobbs seemed to have a language of their own,
which Dr. Leary and I could somehow follow.
The other two disconcerting issues I remembered was that
every time I tried to pour a drink for myself,
Bob would knock it out of my hand.
He would start shouting, stating,
Frop before booze, you can't lose.
Booze before frop, you'll wish you were dead.
The other issue I had was that
what I thought was Connie's smooth hand rubbing my knee
was, however, of course, not hers,
and no, not the gray either.
It was that damned A blanked out, H blanked out,
A-H,
under the table begging for scraps.
I kicked the thing away, but out of mercy,
did give it the cold monkey brains that I could not finish.
This frop has the odd ability to make one hungry,
but at the same time make the act of eating
very, very strange and uncomfortable.
I wanted to chew the food, but was not able to swallow it.
Bob, on the other hand, did eat heartily.
A half a pig, all of the raw monkey brains,
a light bulb,
I do not know where he got it.
The tropical flower set in the table in what I feared to think
was a human heart,
raw.
A-H had to pull us all back to the Dobbs bungalow.
I did not pity him at this point.
For the whole trip back, Bob kept looking up at the night skies,
pointing out constellations that were not there,
muttering, Gort, Klatu, Veranda, Nixon,
or something.
Whatever was in the monkey brains he ate sure seemed to have relaxed him,
for when we got back to the house,
the Grey had messed it up while we were out to dinner.
Bob seemed pretty peeved, but accepted this situation with grace.
He put on some very strange music on the hi-fi,
lounged back into an easy chair, and lectured me.
I quote as best as I can remember.
Young man, thou hast much lee,
to unlearn.
I sayest thus out of pure spite.
Thou hast disunderstood everything
I haveest revealedest to thouest,
which in mine eyes is unre-unnerving,
and thou dost screw me over?
I replied, Mr. Dobbs, I was sent on a mission that you requested.
I have only held back one truth, and that is that you are a wanted man.
Wanted by our great nation to smite our enemies.
I was told that you have the powers to do that.
Then why don't you?
Bob wriggled around in his chair.
I feared another dance session emerging.
But he seemed un-Bob-like nervous.
Look at you, monkey boy.
I just ate the brains of your great-great-great uncle with a bit of lime juice.
Do you want to de-re-unevolve back into our natural state?
Or evolve into a pile of ashes?
I sat staring at his classical face,
pondering what he had told, not asked me.
His face and body began to shimmer,
flicker like a film projector gone haywire.
Bob scrunched his face up and let out a fart
that literally shook the house.
This emission propelled him up into the air,
to the point of hitting his head on the ceiling.
He slowly descended back,
to the exact spot he had previously been sitting.
A change came over him.
His eyes had glassed over, and he looked confused,
as would an elderly man with dementia.
So, he said out of the blue,
let's get some hookers.
I know of a great place next to Cape Canaveral.
And friends, so ends part three of The Agent and Mr. Dobbs.
We will resume with The Agent and Mr. Dobbs part four.
Later.
The music in the background, once again,
is from Lucifer Rising by Bobby Boussalaile.
I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing his name right,
but he was one of the main musicians in this.
One of the Manson family.
I think he was executed or died in jail or something.
And this music was done for the movie Lucifer Rising
by Kenneth Anger.
Price Bobbin now, this.
I know if Goldie said nhoo-hah,
I want to kill myself.

Gunshut up the
door.
And shoot him straight in the наш
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It almost goes without saying
that that instrumental entitled
Welcoming the...
The Bandaged Mule
is by the Rudy Schwartz Project.
Look up that on YouTube.
And now, back to our story.
The Agent and Mr. Dobbs
Part 4
Submitted by Reverend Teeters LaVerge
Bob drove,
if one could even call it driving,
for he never once had his hands on the wheel.
He approached
and appeared to steer with his knees,
but mostly with another part of his anatomy
that seemed to have a literal mind of its own,
at least according to Connie.
Bob never looked out the windshield.
The whole time he was behind the wheel,
he had his head sticking out the driver's side window,
nostrils flared to an incredible degree,
and his tongue hanging out like a dog's.
I myself had my foot pushed hard on the floor
against a non-existent wall,
and my hands clenched on the door handle.
Bob was constantly looking around
and up into the night skies.
He said he was looking for them
and p-sniffing,
actually pronounced it p-sniffing,
around for the skunk ape,
a version, he told me, of the Himalayan yeti.
He said there were lots of them around this part of Florida,
that they were friendly,
but also that they had glands
that contained a powerful aphrodisiac.
So either way, if you run into one, you are lucky.
It was not long until he slammed on the brakes
and we skidded off into a ditch.
Bob bounded out of the car
and started to run into a swampy area to the west.
I followed out of stupidity,
for the bramble and the vines growing in the swamp
cut up my legs bad.
I still had no trousers.
I should mention that Bob did not actually run.
He leaped and bounded more like a gazelle.
Quite graceful.
When I finally caught up with him,
he was rolling around in a large patch of trampled down cane
that certainly looked like the bedding of a great ape-like creature.
The smell was sickening,
but it did have a strange allure to it.
Bob was in ecstasy as he rolled around in the stinking muck.
Must be in here!
He was in heat, he exclaimed as he got up.
Oddly, his clothing had not one speck of dirt or mud on it.
When I mentioned that, he just giggled
and for the first time acknowledged
that I was wearing no trousers, saying,
we'd have to remedy that.
Once we were back in the car,
Bob let out a sigh that sounded almost sad.
Skunk ape is one hot to trot yeti,
he whispered something in a language to himself
as he played pocket pool
in his pants.
Well now son, off to get you some trousers.
We had not driven far, maybe a mile to the edge
of a small run-down town full of white trash,
as they say in the South.
Bob's nostrils started to flare again
as he p-sniffed about in the air and chuckled to himself.
We'd pulled off onto the side of the road
next to a ramshackle house that was more down than up.
The incongruity was not lost on me,
at least.
Bob dressed to the T with his battleship-sized Cadillac
compared to this hovel we were now at.
However, Bob showed no sign of noticing.
He simply knocked on the door.
Soon, a much degraded man of indeterminate age answered.
Bob, without introductions, offered to sell this man
a haircut in exchange for the incredibly filthy overalls
he was wearing.
The degenerate hillbilly agreed to the deal without haggling.
In fact, I would say, he was a little too old to be a man.

I would say that he seemed ecstatic.
He seemed to swoon.
The haircut Bob gave him was perfect.
He even styled it exactly like his own,
using hair gel from a tube he had in his jacket pocket,
telling the man that,
now, he emphasized,
things are going to change for the better.
Though I did see Bob absentmindedly place one hand
on a rickety wooden shelf
and grabbed what looked like a government check,
while with the other,
he regally handed the man a five-cent plastic comb,
grinning as if he'd just done him a favor.
I don't think Mr. Dobbs is a thief, per se,
nor a kleptomaniac.
He may simply not have control over himself and his desires
in the same way that we normal people do.
For myself, I'm glad that I did not have a mirror
to see myself so shamefully dressed.
The standard jacket, tie, white shirt, wingtip shoes,
and the filthiest, smelly outfit I've ever seen.
I was the only one who could imagine

of the most luxurious pair of overalls that could be imagined.
Bob took an uncomfortably close pwiff of me
and nodded his approval.
Hmm, now you smell useful.
Again, I must emphasize that this man
is by nature uncanny and powerful.
He is a force to be either feared or harnessed,
if that is even possible, and I doubt that it is.
I have a gut feeling that we may find it advantageous
to adapt ourselves to him.
With Bob driving well over 80 miles an hour,
we made it to the Cape Canaveral area fast.
By this time, I'd given up worrying
and decided to follow whatever path Mr. Dobbs might drag me along,
for it occurred to me that, so far,
through all the experiences I'd been through,
I'd suffered little permanent physical damage.
Mental damage, on the other hand, was possibly extreme, maybe.
I say maybe because I think I was beginning to understand
this incredible man and his wisdom,
if one can even say that Mr. Dobbs can be understood,
at least with our stunted minds.
Instead of the expected whorehouse,
we drove to a large modern factory
that was at least in sight of Cape Canaveral.
Bob said that it was one of his disembodiment stations
and that he had to go number three.
I assumed that he meant he needed to defecate
but was drunk and misspoke.
The factory, Bob told me,
made a substance called dumbass putty.
The substance they produced worked in the same way
as the child's plaything silly putty,
but was an utter failure, Bob told me,
because of the extreme toxicity of the materials used.
But I also assumed because of its name.
Mr. Dobbs did not lament the ongoing failure.
In fact, he shrugged it off, saying something about
a few less pinks, possible good mutations,
and a huge tax write-off.
This man is sinister,
but this man may be our only hope.
I shall explain why later in the report.
For a toy factory, it had better security
than I had seen even at our base X.
Not only were there 20-foot concrete walls
topped with embedded glass and razor wire,
there were guard posts every five feet or so,
so that the guards could pass notes and pipes back and forth.
Even Bob was ID'd at the entrance,
which was more like the heavy gates that lead into a castle than anything.
He even had a moat around it with what looked like alligators.
They, I eventually assumed,
turned out to be alligator people,
the cast-offs from one of Bobco's genetic enhancement laboratories.
This factory was like none I had ever seen.
Sure, there were huge machines pushing out some putty-like substance
into large vats that, oddly, had stenciled on them the words
Tuna Surprise.
And come to think of it, the food canning part of the factory
had machines with the same title stenciled on them.
However, I was shocked when Bob led me into a room
the size of an aircraft carrier that was filled with
the most advanced computers I had ever seen.
There were hundreds, if not thousands,
of Nancy Reagan-y Davis look-alikes
pushing punch cards into the slots.
Bob and I walked through the cavernous affair,
me with my mouth agape and Bob with his typical grin.
That is, until he slapped one of the Nancy Reagan women
on the behind.
His hand bounced back, wrapped around his midsection
as if it were made of rubber, and smacked him on the back of the head.
He glared at the woman and coughed as a key then shot out of his mouth.
He rubbed the back of his head as he picked it up, telling me,
Number 807 is a feisty one.
Hmm, I thought I'd lost this key.
It was the same key he used to unlock his office door.
This time, his office, in contrast to the office door,
the other one I saw, was well-appointed and typical
for a powerful executive.
Bob sat himself down behind a large desk
and gathered up huge, neatly piled stacks of paper.
He then very deliberately laid them on the floor in two piles.
One pile he dove into and rolled around in vigorously.
When he got up, he smoothed his suit, breathing heavily.
He told me that those particular contracts would be signed,
and that they, whoever they were, could no longer refuse them.
Then he got on all fours and snuffled around the other pile like a hound dog.
Using his tongue, he pulled out a few sheets, undid the zipper on his pants,
lifted a leg, and urinated on them.
These were the ones he told me that he had just signed.
Sure enough, as if an invisible ink were revealed,
the name J.R. Bob Dobbs, Esquire,
slowly appeared on the papers, albeit in thick, childlike handwriting.
Bob, exhausted, then lay down to take a nap,
but first making sure that he had securely locked me into the room.
I could not be sure at first if he were exactly asleep,
for he lay down with his arms to his side, stiff as a board, like a corpse.
I was sure he was trying to fool me somehow.
It wasn't until he started passing gas,
like a snorer would snore,
that I took the opportunity to search the room.
The papers, I dared not touch the befouled ones,
were standard contracts, though some seemed to speak of deals for human flesh,
human souls, and unimaginably vast amounts of money.
His desk, however, was filled with cotter pins,
broken pens, and jars of urine.
I'm sure it was urine,
for each one was labeled P.E.
with a date and the initials J.R.
and a little note, like,
good vintage, a little salty though,
removes A souls,
bad day, and so on.
One drawer was entirely filled with money clips.
The one below it was filled with severed and dried human hands.
I reeled in fear, for,
at that exact moment, Bob, still mumbling loudly in his sleep, said,
You're next, boy.
Forgetting that I had long lost the trousers of my own,
I reached into the pockets of the filthy overalls
and pulled out a diamond-encrusted money clip that contained hundreds of dollars.
I backed up against the wall as Bob came toward me
with glowing red eyes that seemed filled,
not with greed, but an animal-like lust.
His ever-present grin wider, bigger, scarier than ever.
He pinned me there.
His breath smelled like a mix between fresh paint and garlic.
His breathing was heavy, frightening.
He took one hand down and slipped the money clip from my limp fingers, saying,
This is mine. I gave the haircut.
This was the first time that I was truly afraid of what Mr. Dobbs might do to me.
Even though he grinned, his lifeless eyes,
or maybe eyes too full of life,
spoke of some abyss,
of something that I could never understand.
He then brought his pipe-filled lips next to my ear.
The sizzling of the tobacco in it sounded like bacon,
but smelled like some used diaper that had been forgotten in a defunct rubber factory.
The vomit rose in my throat.
He whispered, telling me to look in the forbidden drawer,
having no idea what drawer that would be,
I pulled a drawer out of a file cabinet adjacent to myself.
My hand rummaged around in it while my eyes were fixed to his.
I pulled out a stack of papers and pulled them close to me.
Every sheet had a few typewritten lines on them.
I tried to focus on them.
To my relief, they were all bad, very bad, one-liner jokes that you hear at cheap burlesque houses.
Bob glared at me, his grin becoming sinister,
or should I say more sinister.
Yet, I must admit, his gaze was hypnotizing.
This was the first time I dared look so deeply into his eyes.
Relief only came when he loosened his grip, chuckled and said,
if I remember correctly,
Seen my secret stash.
Head didn't explode.
Passed the test.
I leaned more relaxed against the wall, sweating profusely.
Bob rhythmically said,
nodded his head as if to some tune that only he could hear.
Now ye shallest gazest uponest the timelessest,
ofest the mostest, gruesomestest of horrorses.
Again he tried and failed to sound biblical,
yet now I wondered that if truly the ancients in the good book did not speak with an affected drawl.
This Bob was obviously not of our realm as we know it,
or he may just simply be semi-retarded and very, very lucky.
He ushered me into a room filled with junk that he called Bull Dada.
I assume, what with all the Bobco pills that he'd been popping,
that he meant Dada art.
Seriously, it was junk.
Odd balls of carefully wound, used and dirty string.
A newspaper and magazine clippings of male models.
Oddly, they all looked like Bob.
Poorly painted monster movie plastic models.
And greenish stone figurines of strange-looking sea creatures.
Mr. Dobbs put his hand on my shoulder and gestured wildly with his other hand
as if I should appreciate some great treasure of art.
I still don't understand his pride with that room of junk,
nor what I should greatly fairest about it all.
It's still a mystery to me.
It was apparently time to go, for Bob, after wiping a tear from his eye, said,
I must attend to bidness, as he guided me down a long fluorescent-lit hallway.
It was then that I noticed, in my sobriety,
that he seemed to be floating a fraction of an inch off the ground.
That would explain the lack of dirt that ever sullied his person.
But it may also explain the lack of dirt that ever sullied his person.
But it may also explain the lack of dirt that ever sullied his person.
But it may also explain the lack of dirt that ever sullied his person.
I think he is too stupid to recognize his own mortality,
let alone the fact that he's walking and that gravity matters,
so that just like the leader of that Russian pre-Soviet spiritual movement,
Bulatavism, Bob just breezes through the act of living,
never worrying or contemplating his next or any next movement.
Because he may be too mentally retarded,
to even understand it in the basic way that rules apply.
We came to a door that had the words,
Janitor Place, crudely painted on it.
I sighed, thinking it was just another of Bob's ruses to get me alone, again.
However, when he opened the door, I was nearly blinded by the bright lights.
It was no janitor closet.
It opened to a huge research center that would put our efforts to great shame.
It opened to a huge research center that would put our efforts to great shame.
With hundreds of men, women, and things,
in white lab coats, all scratching away at chalkboards,
squinting over slide rules, arguing, generally looking like brilliant scientists.
I have little understanding of zero-gravity physics,
but from what I saw of our quick walkthrough,
these people and things were onto something big.
Bob seemed very unimpressed.
In fact, he pushed me along, saying,
I really, really need to go number three.
We made it to a sealed doorway. Bob pushed aside a few feeble greys as he inserted his head inside a vertical toilet-looking device.
He groaned with pleasure as he turned the pages of a cheap monster movie magazine with his toes.
I repeat, I do not know what he did with his head in that device, but I do know that he said,
Taking a number three is better than pesex.
Mr. Dobbs seemed much relieved after taking this number three.
He had more of his trademark relaxed self about him.
He even gave me back the money clip, without the diamonds and cash, and patted me on the shoulder like a benevolent father.
The clip did contain a piece of paper that, in his childish scrawl, said,
I owe you stuff.
This incredible factory seemed to have no end.
We wandered for miles, it would seem, with Bob either admiring his image that shone from his highly polished shoes,
or flipping a quarter that always landed on its edge, which he seemed a little ticked off about.
Bob nonchalantly opened a regular-looking steel door that led into a huge playground-like room filled with primates.
These were no ordinary primates.
They all wore lab coats, business suits, party dresses.
Some of them were even wearing a pair of pants.
Some of them even dressed like Harlem Hepcat pimps.
All these primates were most definitely busy at work of all sorts.
Equations were being written on blackboards.
Martinis were being deftly made by the females of the group.
The business ones were hunched, brows knotted with stress over little desks, scribbling away with fountain pens.
However, every once in a while, they would all drop their stumpy trousers,
defecate, and throw the feces at one another,
and they would be shrieking.
High-pitched screams.
Bob said that he liked to come here to relax, especially after doing a number three.
They know exactly what they do.
Bob made a gesture, all too real with sound effects of defecating and throwing feces.
I likes it, he declared.
His grin got wider as he too jumped up and down like the primates, mimicking their movements and voices.
He bounded around the large room amongst them.
In essence, becoming one of them.
And yes, he did defecate and throw his feces around.
But, but it made sense.
And friends, that has been part four of The Agent and Mr. Dobbs,
written by an unnamed agent and submitted to us by Reverend Teeters LaBerge.
It Mom and Dad At the Buddists
It goes up to part seven, I believe, and then another novel starts,
The Agent goes to Dobbstown.
Uh,
And we'll be reading from that later.
Another novel begins
secondico2ajnt.com
How to recall,


And a few little facts

How to getуш
In The Debbie Buchanan Game dessert
Modules digitally, tight boxes
He is holding this crown
Sickles out and she is down and out
A new challenger approaches the scene
So sneaky, so sneaky
But really cool inside my belt
Battle to the death between four challengers
And Yagra bombs
Battle to the death between four challengers
And Yagra bombs and Bromelain
Oh
So sneaky, so sneaky
But that was, of course, the up-and-coming band Rubix
With an actual title, Rubix

Rubix Pube with a P
Rubix Pube from their album HypnoStank
As seen on Bandcamp
The song titled
A Battle to the Death Between Corn Chowder and Yagra Bombs
Proof that as the old doctor bands of boomers fossilized
New doctor bands continue to be born
As if in defiance of all pinkness
You can find more such by way of subgenius.com
The music in the background is Nino Rota from Philemon's Eight and a Half
We have some big plans in the works
Big, big plans
Both here, there, and everywhere
To quote my one-time rival Jim Jones
And look at him now
We close this hour of Slack with a piece of ESO radio
From WCSB Cleveland and the time of December 2000
Lonesome Cowboy Dave's History of World War II
Praise Bob
Down at the beach when we walk by
The other girls give him the eye
Cause my man stands out
Yes, my man stands out
I'm crazy about the way my band stands out
I don't swing that way
I like the way he moves around
And the way he goes down
Cause my man stands out
I don't want to do this to you
Yes, my man stands out
I like the way he moves around
Yes, my man stands out
I don't want to do this to you
Okay, just force me to
That's right
You're gonna be sorry
It's all forced movement, man
Point A to point B
Nice move
Okay, I'm gonna throw you right now
The judges are looking
Just keep a smile on your face
Hey, this dancing stuff's fun
That's right
You're digging it a little bit
Hey, when things work out
We'll take a little swig
Take a ride in my car
And have a little drink
What do you say?
My man stands out
Now put my hand back there
A little lower down your back
Ha!

Hey, hey, hey, hey
I don't mean to get fresh
That's all right
Attention all American citizens
And ships at sea
Better listen up
You are now being sequestered
To the state of New York
The reason I love him so much
He has the skin I love
Everybody
Please report to the transport unit
The transport units are descending promptly
The executions will begin tomorrow
The open-headed zipper boys
With the Coast Guard service
And the Naval Service
Seals, please remove the jelly
And exit to the rear of the Union
The building is getting much larger now
So we'd like all you boys and girls
And Marine suits
And all you other fellows in the service
Remember, we're fighting Tojo and Hitler for you
So make your way quickly
And no stops for a smoke
Dave, how does marching us soldiers
Into that arena
And us being machine-gunned
By those other soldiers
For a cheering crowd
How does that help
Help the soldiers?
Well, we're fighting Hitler and Tojo
Well, son
Didn't that happen
Wasn't that like a hundred years ago?
No, son
The fight between Tojo and Hitler
Just stopped last week
You see, there was this place called Munich
And it was 1939
And your grandpa, Onion Breath Bald Boy
He was the first one to be dressed
1039
Yes, of course it is
The time intersection is due in only 40 years
Well, we're not waiting for those 40 years to elapse, son
We're gonna
Just wait a minute
I've got a kind of fatherly tone to my voice now
I guess I'm kind of wizened and gray
I'm confused, man
No, there's just pumpkins around my knees
Well, anyway, we'll just continue on as usual
You see, Tojo and Hitler
Had a secret crystal
It was buried in a cave below WCSB
A long time ago
When the aliens was mining salt
Out of the Great Lake Erie
The greys decided to sell their technology
To Reichsmarschall Skorfen von Fleissneffer
And they were going to sell it to Hitler
Now, von Fleissneffer
Had a penchant for sadomasochistic pornography
And a love of dueling
But he also had a bad forehead
And that's, well, that's why we're stuck
And he hit the crystal
Yes
And that's why we're stuck in this frozen car right now
But, you see, the struggle goes on
It's like Guadalcanal, Bougainville, Iwo Jima
All them places where Americans fought their hearts out
And they were killed
We're doing it again today
Only we're slapping our own selves, Stanley
But it seems like it doesn't help anyone
It's like we're all dying just so that those rich people up in that box
Close your eyes, close your eyes
Here they come
Pretend you're dead
What are we supposed to do?
Fight or run or just die?
Just play dead
Close your eyes and play dead
They won't shoot you again if they think you're already dead
Is that where we put in the sound effects?
I don't know
It's really putting...
The sound effects
But I think we can maybe stick a bayonet in between the ribs of one of these two Portuguese sausages
I hope to God those were sound effects
Yeah
Just so long as they keep them coming hot and fresh
Like something laughing from the oven
This gun doesn't work
I'm tired of the subscript
Useless German equipment
No wonder we lost the Eastern Front
In the Western Back
This one needs...
Look at the silly...
Expressions on that one
You remember that...
What's it say?
Bob...
Bob Dobbs
See back in the old days?
The pipe is frozen in his mouth
The other one is wearing a cowboy hat
The other one is wearing earmuffs
With little decoders inside them
What?
Bob don't die on me now
Bob don't die
Stand clear from the doors
Please stand clear
From the closing doors
Please stand clear from the closing doors
There's sausages everywhere
Bob!
Bob don't you see they're frozen?
I had a wonderful dream
About...
It was the third rice showing
But it was the fourth and fifth and final one
And they were wearing these big dog booties
And strange pants and hats
And all the hats were so lovely
And they marched out of the house and said...
And they marched until our little poopers cried
And our feet were as bloody as the stones under Jesus
And then the rice marshals lined us up
And we danced and danced
And danced
