The Soft Genius Power Calls.
What?
It's a joke, Dobbsy.
Aren't you going to let me in on it?
In on it?
Sure, I will.
Sure.
Ah!
Ah!
Isn't it great swimming in a sea of slack?
Let's just immerse ourselves in the luck plane's surfy, surfy waves and waft along.
Dr. Philo Drummond once said,
If slack was water, Bob would be surfing and you'd be drowning.
Hey, I'm with you.
I'm willing to settle for death by drowning in slack any day, Doctor.
Ah, this is the soundtrack to Mr. Lucky,
which is one of Bob's nine billion middle names.
And you know, he's taught me that it's better to be lucky than good any day,
and what an example he sets.
I rejoice in the failings of Bob.
I exult in the slip-ups of Bob.
Hey, Bob, show us how you make them.
Make a million dollars.
Yes, make me a failure too, Bob.
Show me the witching ways of surfing the luck plane.
Look, Bob, I can hang too.
Oh, and when Bob forgets to screw up.
Oh, when he screws up by not screwing up.
It's like breaking the bank at Monte Carlo.
It's such blinding, radiant luck that you can't believe it.
You appreciate the good things in life,
if you don't waste your time counting on them to happen.
But if you expect the bad things,
every day can be like Christmas.
Just forget yourself and go with a path of least resistance.
Sharpen your abnormality focus.
You might do only one weird thing exceptionally well.
Well, take that weird thing and turn it around and milk it dry.
Milk it for Bobby.
Tap it.
Strip mine it.
There's strip.
Strip mining your slack away,
leaving toxic poisons to leach into your psychic water table.
Fight the conspiracy.
Give up for Bob.
On and off the road to Bob
We are marching forward blind
Me has gouged out both our eyes
And he's laughing close behind
He will sell us back our eyes
When we join his noble clan
For just $19.95
And a taste of our foot plan.
And a taste of our foot plan.

On and off the road with Bob
He has handed us the wheel
And he cuddles up with love
As he counts himself a field
Our eyes are on the line









And we're off the road
But Bob forgot to say
That the steering wheel went bust
The road carries us away
On and off the road for Bob
We forgot why we came here
We have quit all of our jobs
Like a headlight frightened deer
He has lit the sacred pipe
And he's smiling at us

Now
On and off the road
He's Bob
He's our bull god
We are his town
That hurt Bob.
Bob where are you?
Who are you?
A friend of Bob's.
Bob's fingerprints on my fingerprints on my ashtray
And not yours.
It had Bob's fingerprints all over it.
And he and I both would agree that Bob's not a nice person.
That was enough for them.
It's funny because it's true.
And hey, admit the truth to yourself now.
You know you'll be clawing your way to the head of the line
To buy a membership when the atomic heat rays
Are so close they're welding your butt cheeks together.
Oh, but don't come crying to me.
Oh, but don't come crying to me.
I can't wait for X-Day.
I love the taste of human flesh.
I love the taste of human flesh.
I just haven't had it cooked yet.
I just haven't had it cooked yet.
We get down and dirty in this church
We get down and dirty in this church
Because religion happens to be a dirty, dirty business.
This church is a lot like an old car sometimes
This church is a lot like an old car sometimes
In that it's the dirt that's the only thing
In that it's the dirt that's the only thing
That's holding it all together.
And Bob, Bob is the bondo
That keeps our sagging bumpers up.
That keeps our sagging bumpers up.
Isn't that the one thing
That we're here for after all?
The sneakers?
The dirt?
Oh, so let's dig in and dish it up.
Oh, so let's dig in and dish it up.
It's cram-packed with minerals, too.
It's cram-packed with minerals, too.
So don't settle for the poop du jour.
Excremeditate your troubles away
Excremeditate your troubles away
with the armor-piercing slack
of J.R. Bob Dobbs.

I am mighty!
I am full of it!
But I'm going to let it go.
But I'm going to let it go.
And you've got to let it go, dear friend!
Just as sure as you can bet it,
one of those two greatest guys up there
is going to let go
just as you is letting go.
Bob,
what's Ms. Preskey's heap so far?
Right, Jack?
Ah!
Yes.
Well, how do you feel, Ms. Preskey?
Sick!
Oh, well, you can afford it now, love.
But like the good book says,
there are bigger deals to come.
Oh, Christ.
There is no hurry,


because still more money is expected to arrive


or deeper winterMy name is John etmek,


And I know
this is my way of saying
ARSем meglio than ever!
I'm living
like a quiet,
accomplished lad.
I hope things work out the way you want them to.
Thanks, Bob.
I'm hoping too.
Oh, crap! It's on fire!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yes, but not...
Temporary. A temporary respite from...
A false respite.
Not a lasting one.
Stopping points.
That's the unfortunate part.
External stopping points.
But then again...
Is there a quiz on this stuff?
That's right.
It's so serious.
The end of Mr. Deamer's fourth period class.
Mr. Dealer!
So next time...
He's been experimenting with a growth serum on hamsters and a large tarantula.
He's been in his laboratory all night long.
Yeah, well, he had this assistant and they had...
His beautiful assistant?
His beautiful assistant?
No, his assistant.
His beautiful assistant.
He is.
Hey, Mr. Deamer, they're talking about you on the show.
He accidentally injected some...
Something horrible.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And we're listening to Reverend Jimmy Ryan in the background here with this instrumental.
And I'm going to give you the credits for what we've been listening to.
This time I'm going to go from the beginning rather than from the backwards as I usually do.
The titles were by Lee Murr.
Then the rant by the beautiful woman about Bob and Slash.
That was Reverend Susie the Flusie from her show Bob's Slack Time Funhouse on beautiful WREK Atlanta.
She played Bleepo Abernathy's song On and Off the Road to Bob.
And she ranted some more.
And she played Mark Mothersbaugh's rendition of what we might call the Star Spangled Bobber.
That cover of the old super...
Mark Mothersbaugh's hits Under Pressure was, of course, the Rudy Schwartz Project doing that.
And we also heard some radio from Dr. Philo Drummond and Dr. Hal on the Puzzling Evidence show from KPFA Berkeley.
You can hear that show every week on the Internet for nothing.
As well as Reverend Susie the Flusie's show Bob's Slack Time Funhouse.
Both of those like this show.
Are...
Available for download and streaming.
And you can find the information about that at subgenius.com.
But I'm going to stop that program now because I want to read to y'all for a while from something that turned out to be one of my favorite books.
I had never read it until a few months ago.
And that's Gulliver's Travels by John.
Jonathan Swift.
Ah, yes.
And for background music, we'll use Bernard Herrmann's score of the Harryhausen version of Gulliver's Travels,
which was one of the least bad movies made of the book.
The book has a lot of stuff in it that I didn't know about from reading Classics Illustrated or any of those other things.
You know, Gulliver in this novel...
First, he's in the land of little people.
Then he gets shipwrecked in the land of giants.
Then he's in a floating island land called Lapita.
And finally, he ends up in a land where horses are smart and people are dumb.
See, that sounds familiar.
Anyway, what I didn't know about in these books is how often problems with urination and excretion come up, as it were.
And at the beginning of the novel, which I believe was written in, what, 1702 or 1720 or something?
1726, yeah.
At the beginning, Gulliver's, of course, the famous scene where he wakes up on the beach tied down, surrounded by tiny little people.
He's been laying on this beach tied down for some hours.
And he starts to have a problem.
I shall read from the novel.
Soon after, I heard a general shout with frequent repetitions of the words,
And I felt great numbers of the people on my left side relaxing the cords that bound me to such a degree
that I was able to turn upon my right and to ease myself with making water,
which I very plentifully did to the great astonishment of the people.
Who, conjecturing by my motions what I was going to do, immediately opened to the right and left on that side to avoid the torrent,
which fell with such noise and violence from me.
But before this, they had daubed my face and both my hands with a sort of ointment very pleasant to the smell,
which in a few minutes removed all the smart of their arrows.
These circumstances, added to the refreshment I had received by their victuals and drink, which were very nourishing,
disposed me to sleep.
I slept about eight hours, as I was afterwards assured, and it was no wonder,
for the physicians had mingled a sleeping potion in the hogsheads of wine.
Further on in the book, actually only one page later, well, my name is mentioned.
The townsfolk of Lilliput put Giant Gulliver into, they give him a home.
They use some big temple or garage or something that he can lay down in.
And I was told,
I'm going to be a good husband.
And they eventually let him get up and do things.
The country round appeared like a continued garden, and the enclosed fields,
which were generally 40 foot square, resembled so many beds of flowers.
These fields were intermingled with woods of half a stang, and the tallest trees, as I could judge,
appeared to be seven foot high.
A stang, by the way, I learned, is a quarter of an acre.
How about that?
Wow, have a stang of woods.
Yeah.
I had been for some hours extremely pressed by the necessities of nature,
which was no wonder, it being almost two days since I had last disburthened myself.
I was under great difficulties between urgency and shame.
The best expedient I could think on was to creep into my house, which I accordingly did,
and shutting the gate after me, I went as far as the house.
I was so afraid that the length of my chain would suffer, and discharged my body of that uneasy load.
But this was the only time I was ever guilty of so uncleanly an action,
for which I cannot but hope the candid reader will give some allowance
after he hath maturely and impartially considered my case and the distress I was in.
From this time, my constant practice was, as soon as I rose,
to perform that business in open air, at the full extent of my chain,
and due care was taken every morning before company came,
that the offensive matter should be carried off in wheelbarrows by two servants appointed for that purpose.
I would not have dwelt so long upon a circumstance that perhaps at first sight may appear not very momentous,
if I had not thought it necessary to justify my character in point of cleanliness to the world,
which I am told some of you have.
But I have not yet, my maligners, have been pleased upon this and other occasion to call into question.
And here another section in Gulliver's Travels, still in Lilliput.
A fire breaks out in the palace.
Yes, the palace. The queen is in danger. Everyone might die.
So, let's see.
I found they had already applied ladders to the walls of the palace,
and were well provided with buckets, but the water was at some distance.
Now remember, these people are about two inches high.
Their town is like a dollhouse, a bunch of dollhouses.
These buckets were about the size of a large thimble,
and the poor people supplied me with them as fast as they could,
but the flame was so violent that they did little good.
I might easily have stifled it with my coat,
which I unfortunately left behind me for haste,
and came away only in my leathern jerkin.
The case seemed wholly desperate and deplorable,
and this magnificent palace would have infallibly been burnt down to the ground
if, by a presence of mind unusual to me, I had not suddenly thought of an expedient.
I had the evening before drank plentifully of a most delicious wine,
called Glimmigrim, the Blefuskudians call it Flunnic,
but ours is esteemed a better sort, which is very diuretic.
By the luckiest chance in the world, I had not discharged myself of any part of it.
The heat I had contracted by coming very near the flames,
and by my laboring to quench them, made the wine begin to operate by urine,
which I voided in such a quantity, and applied so well to the proper places,
that in three minutes the fire was wholly extinguished,
and the rest of that noble pile,
which had cost so many ages in erecting, preserved from destruction.
It was now daylight. I returned to my home,
but he was in big trouble by that point, friends,
because the queen did not like what he had done.
Okay, now we should be hearing Lonesome Kalboe.
Great. Well, this is just my night, isn't it?
Did I just hang up on him? Hello? Hello? I guess I did.
Princess Wee, would you do me a little favor?
Of course, I would.
And call Lonesome Kalboe Day.
Of course, I would.
And tell him that we love him.
Of course, I will.
Well, let's see what else we have here.
In Gulliver's Travels, when he goes to the land of the giant people...
Oh, let's see.
Bom, bom, bom.
I didn't even have a bom.
Why do I have these problems?
Oh, when Gulliver is in the land of the giants,
he's taken out for a walk by his guardian, Glumdolclitch,
who's a ten-year-old girl about eighty feet tall.
And Glumdolclitch, setting down my traveling box,
I went out of it to walk.
There was a cow dung in the land.
I walked down the path,
and I must needs try my activity by attempting to leap over it.
I took a run, but unfortunately jumped short
and found myself just in the middle, up to my knees.
I waded through with some difficulty,
and one of the footmen wiped me as clean as he could with his handkerchief,
for I was filthily bemired,
and my nurse confined me to my box till we returned home,
where the queen was soon informed
of what had passed.
And the footman spread it about the court
so that all the mirth for some days was at my expense.
Well, poor Gulliver.
In his travels, such problems and terror
having to do with just getting to the bathroom,
because there's no bathroom small enough for him in the giant land,
and there's no bathroom big enough for him in the tiny land.
And when he gets to the human land,
well, everybody's just covered with crap.
It's really, Gulliver's Travels, if you've never read it,
and after all these years I never had,
is a really funny book.
I'll tell you another funny book
that surprised me at its funniness,
was Moby Dick.
I started reading Herman Melville's Moby Dick,
which I never had read,
and people always act like it's the most terrible thing in the world
that anyone ever had to do, read that book,
but it's actually quite humorous at the beginning,
as we might find also with this fellow named Dave,
who I think is on.
It's garbage, it's garbage, isn't it?
Oh, good.
Oh, good. Just as tasty as you wanted it, didn't it?
Mmm, tasty.
So what is your bad idea for a movie?
What's the problem right now, comrade?
Oh, we have all kinds of bad ideas.
A bad idea for a what?
I hear you are stinking up the airwaves
a la Jonathan Swift's style.
Well, I was reading from,
I was reading the dirty parts of Gulliver's Travels, Dave.
Yeah.
And I got through most of the
experimentatory aspects of the, um,
the tiny people's world, Lilliput.
And he had, and I just finished reading where he,
he tries to jump over a cow flop in Brobdingnag,
but the cow flops are eight feet across,
and he gets mired filthily.
It was most droll.
If you like that sort of thing.
Can you see, can you possibly see,
as some have ventured and speculated,
that there is a hidden thing of the,
Jonathan Swift was deacon of the Irish church in Dublin,
Right.
but he was also a nationalist.
He was not a pro-throne enthusiast.
No, and we would now consider him to be
a very, very conservative.
He was a Tory, not a Whig.
We would probably end up being Whigs.
And, but he, yeah, he was a Catholic preacher.
That's pretty conservative, usually.
And there was the plight of the Irish people
somehow explained through the vessel of the,
the travels through Brobdingnag,
Lilliput, and so forth.
Oh, according to the notes that come with this edition of the book,
the whole thing is biting satires on current events
that were happening in England, English politics,
and European politics in the years,
the 1720s.
Yeah.
And I'm sure it would be even more hilarious
if you knew which nobleman he was making fun of
and were there at the time.
But it's still, there's still a lot of stuff in it
that's just as true today as it was then.
His satire on human affairs is really wonderful.
Isn't it?
I mean, isn't it just delightful?
It's delightful euphemism for what part of before,
and still comes afterwards 10 times.
So you actually have read Gulliver's Travels yourself?
Have I read what you're reading now?
Yeah.
No, I don't remember the pooh-pooh and pee-pee parts.
They're just like you did before you found these tracks.
You, you know, pretty much the illustrated versions for kids
and stuff like that.
You know, a bunch of Lilliputians all tying them down.
Oh, here's a great description of the state of England
under Queen Anne, which he describes as a race of lawyers.
Let's see.
My master was yet wholly at a loss to understand
what motives could incite this race of lawyers
to perplex, disquiet, and weary themselves
and engage in a confederacy of injustice
merely for the sake of injuring their fellow animals.
Neither could he comprehend why.
What I meant in saying they did it for hire,
whereupon I was at much pains to describe to him
the use of money, the materials it was made of,
and the value of metals, that when a yahoo,
which is the horse people's term for humans,
when a yahoo got a great store of this precious substance,
he could purchase whatever he had a mind to,
the finest clothing, the noblest houses,
great tracts of land, and have his choice
of the most beautiful females, therefore,
since money alone was able to perform all these feats,
our yahoos thought, they could never have enough of it
to spend or to save, as they found themselves inclined
from their natural bent either to profusion or avarice,
that the rich man enjoyed the fruit of the poor man's labor,
and the latter were a thousand to one in proportion
to the former, that the bulk of our people were forced
to live miserably by laboring every day for small wages
to make a few live plentifully.
I enlarged my study.
I put myself much on these and other particulars,
and basically the intelligent horse he's talking to
decides that the people from Gulliver's world
must be the most vile and filthy vermin ever to walk the earth.
And in fact, when Gulliver gets back from the superior culture
of the Huns, which is the horse people,
he can't stand the sight of his fellow Englishmen.
And he keeps wanting to paw the ground with his hoof
and go, hmm, a lot, and speak, hmm, language,
because he's just so disgusted.
But see, they never put that part in any of the movies.
The crappy movies of Gulliver's travel almost all end with...
They kind of deleted the horse people.
Yeah, they end with the Lilliputians,
and he beats the Blephesuians, and that's it.
Yeah, like the fight scenes of, like, thousands of tiny ants
attacking a huge tree.
Or the Statue of Liberty or something.
The very worst version of Gulliver's travels
is the most recent one that I know of,
which sadly was the work of Jack Black,
who can normally be pretty funny, but this just...
Was not.
The only thing that's accurate to the book in that movie
is the putting out the fire in the palace by urinating on it.
That's the only thing they kept from the book.
See, I remember putting out the palace fire,
but I didn't know that it was the fire from the phallus.
Get it?
The palace fire and the phallus pyre.
You know.
Yeah, it's a pun.
But no, that is conveniently deleted
for all of us septuagenarians and people without any teeth.
And also young people without any teeth.
Well, they...
They don't believe it.
As often...
Every time Gulliver lands on some new island or planet or whatever
and explains his world to the people there,
they're always disgusted and horrified.
Even though their world, in some cases, is even worse.
The Lilliput is worse even than 1720s England.
Yes.
Although their medical science is very similar
to the medical science of England.
Like what?
Like drooling and his pondering and baby-lapping?
Oh, here you go.
Here you go.
I was complaining...
He's in the city of experts.
I was complaining of a small fit of the colic
upon which my conductor led me to a room
where a great physician resided
who was famous for curing that disease
but was not a doctor.
I was destined to be a doctor.
Well, the procedure is water and wine.
And you must admit any doctor
who thought black embaixo





You can't be the悅sy fork forthwith.
But George H.,
there's five pistons in this conective quilted希ulaFX
body of the patient, then withdrew the implement to replenish it, clapping his thumb strongly
against the orifice of the fundament, and this being repeated three or four times, the adventitious
wind would rush out, bringing the noxious along with it, like water put into a pump,
and the patient recover. I saw him try both experiments upon a dog, but could not discern
any effect from the former. After the latter, the animal was ready to burst, and made so violent a
discharge, as was very offensive to me and my companions. The dog died on the spot,
and we left the doctor endeavoring to recover him by the same operation.
So, yeah, you didn't know there was so much, uh, that's from a voyage to Lapita.
Wow. The only problem is, you can't get people to read those, like, 12-page long paragraphs,
I mean, sentences nowadays.
Well, there's more words in those older books than men of today know.
Yeah. Well, it's hard for people to, um, to read these more intelligent books,
because people are now much, much less intelligent.
I agree. Do you agree, senor?
I mean, I, I know, I'm sure you know people who,
who beg that they have not read a book since school.
Well, they beg. Sometimes they rag a bule like a rat tattoo.
And, um...
If they're given that chance.
Uh, you know, if you look at your modern bestsellers, uh, by the worthy Stephen King, say,
the vocabulary is about one-tenth that of, say, Mary Shelley, who wrote Frankenstein in, uh,
the 17th century, I think.
Yeah. No, in the 18th century.
18th century, but, uh, yeah, but really early.
19th century. Early 19th century.
And, um...
1800s.
Uh, right. And, um, yeah, even stuff like, uh, Robert Louis Stevenson.
There's, there's, they're full of wonderful flowery words that people sorta know what they mean now,
but they can't remember them to use themselves. And maybe there's a lot of words they just don't.
Get.
And, and context is a...
Maybe there would. They hate that.
Context is tricky.
They just think of it that way.
You know, for some folks.
So, yeah, I'm old, and I read really old books for fun.
And you got, like, like, big Coke, Coke bottle cl... glasses, which you wear on your ear,
and then, like, little, like, once you get, like, a tiny little euphemism from Grandmother's Kutchkin.
Oh, I have to use Brobdingnagian glasses.
Brobdingnagian.
I have to use glasses so big that I stand...
Right.
...behind the lens.
And, uh, and holding the, it's hard to reach around the glass to hold the book up to my eyes.
See, it would be, it would be weird if people started wearing garter socks and all that stuff like that,
and white wigs and everything.
It's like a total transfusional, uh, dis-, diaspora from the actual innards of, uh, uh,
Why not? It could happen again.
Yeah.
I mean, for, for, I mean, wigs.
I can see how wigs could come back.
Forty years ago, long hair was fashionable.
And, um, and then shaving your head bald-headed likewise became fashionable.
Now, what's in between the two?
What's the next step?
Obviously, expensive wigs.
Anybody can grow their hair long.
That doesn't take, all that takes is not getting a job for ten years.
Anybody can shave their hair off.
All that takes is wanting to be just like every other jock on the block.
So, what can you do that's, that nobody else can do?
Spend money!
Be like Trump!
And wear a very expensive powdered white wig.
And that way, it would be a meritocracy.
Only people who were smart, that is, inherited money, would be able to be fashionable and wear the wigs.
And all these cheap kids that just get tattoos or, or body piercings, all that easy, cheap stuff,
they, they'd be shown off.
They'd be shown for what they are.
Just posers.
Cause only rich, it's a, the only thing that's important, as Jonathan Swift pointed out, is money.
And so the best way to demonstrate your superiority is to gross everybody out with your expensive, smelly wig.
That time is coming.
Mark my words, even better would be the broomstick up the fundament.
With, from which poor kids would dangle heavy, heavy wigs.
Jewelry.
And from which rich kids would dangle more lightweight, but expensive jewelry.
Bling.
Bling your butt bling.
You know, hanging off your broomstick.
Exactly, butt bling.
And they'd be like little sophomores doing the squids, like where people could wear athletic supporters of their own design, you know.
And sometimes they'd be like made of heavy metals and strontium-90 and, and stuff like that.
And you, and you're right.
The garters and curly shoes.
Shoes with huge, ridiculous curling toes and maybe a little bell on the end of the curling toe.
Yeah, like Taylor's Mackies and band photos and stuff like that.
Cause, cause only rich people could wear shoes like that.
They'd get in the way if you was poor.
And yet, back when those shoes were, were the trend, poor people would spend their last dime to wear those shoes that did them no good cause you couldn't walk in them.
When you're poor, you had to walk.
Yeah.
You didn't have handmen and foot maidens all toting you around on a planking.
Like I will someday.
Well, we all will someday, but that day's too far in the future.
Like, if you think of your conspiratorial theories like, like if I was a Wobbly or somebody like that, you know, you would think that any form of authority is full of crap, you know.
Uh huh.
I'm not saying I would believe anything like that.
Trumpy.
Well, you know, if, if, um, see.
I think maybe what we should do is throw our, um, our support behind Trump because money is all that, that matters and he's proved that he, well, he inherited money, so.
And he didn't actually make very much.
And there he's, and he doesn't even want anybody to know how little or much he might have made or how much trouble he might be in for doing it that way.
But the point is it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
Only power matters.
And you see, if you vote for, if, and I'm going to tell, I'm saying this to all the listeners.
If you vote for Donald Trump, he will let you in his country club.
That's right.
And if you believe me, you would probably believe him.
So why don't you go ahead and do whatever is the worst possible thing for yourself.
Go ahead.
Screw the world.
Screw the authorities and screw the anti authority.
Screw everything.
A vote, as Philo said, a vote for Trump is a vote against boredom.
And isn't boredom terrible?
Wouldn't it be better to have excitement like, like, I don't know, losing your job and having to flee the country or, you know, not ever being able to get an abortion or, or medical care that you can afford or anything.
That's.
That's.
That's less boredom.
The more misery you have, the less boring it is.
So by God, yeah, vote against boredom and for misery on your, of your own part.
Except that, you know, of course that Trump, he's like Santa Claus.
He sees everybody who votes for him and they become his friends and he lets them in the country club.
But he sees everybody who doesn't vote for him and all those people, they go on the other side of that big old wall.
They can just, they can make their peace with them.
They can make their peace with the Mexicans and Canadians and stuff.
If they think that they're, that's so, so much better than America.
Because if you don't vote for Trump, that means you hate America.
Calm down, sonny boy.
He's just fine.
Let's pull the audience out of here.
That's what they're saying.
You know, that's what they're saying out there.
Everybody but you and me.
That's what they're saying.
I agree or disagree.
But I mean, I agree with what you're saying.
That there's just too much boredom.
Too far too many of them coming in confluence together.
Well, they have something to unite against.
Boredom and success, happiness and health.
They're finally going to end all that stuff because there's just been too many freeloaders getting slack.
And not enough haters getting smack.
Yeah, or what?
Yeah, something.
I don't know what the problem is.
All I know is America's not great anymore and it's going to be great again.
That's right.
Because he said he was going to.
He's not like the other politicians.
They're politicians.
They lie.
He would never lie.
How could a real estate developer lie?
Have you ever heard of a real estate developer lying or being wrong?
Or any salesman?
Yes.
I rest my case.
Yes.
I mean, did you think Bob Dobbs, does he lie?
Well, you know, all that, what this is all building up to, Dave, of course, is a plug for the little button that says, don't blame me.
I voted for Bob, which I think we mentioned last week.
Yes.
It is red, white and blue.
Frequently as possible because.
Yes.
If we vote for Bob, if we electrocute that frying pan Venus of a saucer faced, okra-pied uncle, grandmother.
Old pipe face, we call it.
That old pipe faced, hat-wigged wig, then we can truly, truly, truly exert our liberty the way the punishment and the first and fourth constitutions had promised us back in the days of Hitler and Goering and all those guys, you know?
Yeah, man.
Yeah.
Yeah, those guys, those guys knew what they wanted and they were confident, that's what matters.
A con man is always confident, they're the most confident and their confidence is contagious.
Unfortunately, creativity is not contagious except inside the church of the subgenius.
And a few pairs of shoes, well worn and with long, long, long pointy things in the very, very side of his body.
pointy things at the end of the
toes point right up in the air.
And you can
catch our
contagion of creativity, friends.
You really can. All you have to do is
read all the subgenius
books. No, I'm not telling you to do that.
They're actually really hard to find now.
Only the very first one, the book of the
subgenius is still in print, but it is
an e-book now.
And we're on television now. If you have
a Roku, you can watch the subgenius
Dr. Philo Drummond's
subgenius show on OSI
74 channel of Roku,
which currently features
the bulldada of the week is
the worst version of
Star Wars you could possibly
imagine.
Put together by our own friend
Rev X from old
bad copies of Star Wars
and amateur wannabe Star Wars
movies and cartoons
and other things.
In fact, I believe
that he replaced most of the soundtrack
of Star Wars with the soundtrack from
Flesh Gordon.
So you can see that
amazing thing on Roku
for free. You could
see the amazing Dr. Philo
Drummond and the amazing Dr. Hal
at X Day. Dr. Hal
will be at X Day starting
June 27th
or something.
And I
and Princess
We Are Doe will be at Starwood
the week after the week after the world ends.
July
12th. We're all getting
ready for all that stuff. There's going to be lots
of music and
dancing and a lot of jibber jabbering
and laying on our hands
and all kinds of
brain propagandizing
and
immaculations and
You know, I have some
trends that you guys do not know.
You know what, Princess We?
I have some trends.
You did not go over and you were talking about the trends
of young people today. Yes.
Premature receding hairlines
where young men shave their heads
back so they have a receding
hairline even though they
don't really. They give
themselves a receding hairline.
They want to look a little bit more
mature, I would imagine.
And then they can go beyond
that to very
young men shave the whole
top of their heads so they
just have the
monk fringe.
Quick, quick. Yeah, quick, quick.
Quick, quick haircut.
That's it.
And I also
have an announcement about
a wonderful show that's going to happen
next Saturday, a
week from last night, where
Halim Eldab, the
ethnomusicologist from Kent
and Ron Pyrosonic
will be making all kinds
of amazing sounds
using interesting
modern and ancient
instruments in combination
and there will be other
electronic artists and this is
all happening at Spaces
Gallery 2220
Superior Viaduct.
When is that? That's
this next Saturday night.
Halim Eldab
is like a 90,000
year old pharaoh. Yes.
From Egypt.
And he's also a really famous
composer of
opera.
Hard to say. Very avant-garde
stuff. Very. And our old
buddy, Reverend Ron
Slabe of Pyrosonic
has been doing those wild
fire and noise shows
out at Starwood for
centuries. He's not quite
as old as Halim, but
this would
probably be an interesting thing to see
and hear. Yes.
Yes, really.
That's in Akron, though, right?
No, that's at Spaces. There is an
opening in Akron. They're also having a
party. The CD release party, but then
yes, this is a big consortium
of other electronic artists.
Greg
Cinebaldi and Anne Clorox
and these other fellows
from Kent that are going
to come and untie the knot.
I bet
old mother's ball be
hanging around wearing a switch broom hat
and a pair of shy underpants.
I guess he's heading back this way on
like dressed up like a pioneer woman or something.
No, that's his sister, Amy.
She owns a really
nice gallery in Akron.
Reverend Amy
Mother's Ball
has been
she's putting on some kind of big crazy
art show with subgeniuses
involved like Reverend Torrey
and various others.
They're doing
cicada related.
It's a cicada based thing.
It's almost time to go.
We have
to we have to put on music now
because we have to get out of here
and the music will be by the Rudy Schwartz
project. You'll recognize the tune,
but not the version.
Hmm. Well,
I guess that about says it.
Oh, I can hear sounds like tanks,
millions of tanks coming in from the distance.
Those are the cicadas, but they're not real.
They're not real.
That's just your tinnitus in your ear.
Yeah.
Even if there were real cicadas,
you wouldn't be able to hear them.
You're saying there's no real cicadas.
There are, but you can't hear them
because you because because the fake
cicadas are too loud.
Anyway, I'm going to play that song now.
Only it's not a song.
It's just some music.
I'm listening.
We love you, Dave.
I'm sincere.
Anyway, I'm going to play that in four dating,






And then the other part of that.

hmm.

All right, so.
And oh, yeah, and I said, hey, he's going 또.
I think, oh, hello, 17.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
