Atlas shrugged for Bob. He gave up the work of carrying the world and slacked off.
Let's all shrug for Bob.
Easier said than done, Friday Jones, but we will attempt to do just that.
In fact, we must shrug off this show as fast as we possibly can.
The Subgenius Hour of Slash!
Welcome, potential initiates.
Yeah, yeah, there it goes.
Right, now get those two-ring modulators on that bad bag.
Yeah, two-ring modulators, not one, but two.
You go twice the speed of light.
Crank up two-ring modulators.
Only a ring modulator can truly, truly hyper-extend the plasma drive.
That's sweet, that's sweet, that's analog, baby, that's real electricity.
There's no zeros and ones there, baby.
Nope.
That's the real juice.
They're all alive, it turns out to be a dream.
But it's funny, but with a heart.
I see there's a cross between airplane and Schumler's Lewis.
I think I can save it.
I think with about $100,000 I can turn from an idea into a concept.
You do facts meet treatment, I'll get back to you.
I think I can save it.
Okay, here's the pitch, baby.
Uh, The Hunger.
It's, uh, Eddie Murphy is a gay vampire living in, uh, San Francisco each year.

Doesn't suck blood because he's afraid of AIDS.
Talk to me, talk to me, Eddie.
Let's talk numbers.
Buddy Hackett is the wacky gay neighbor.
Sorry, I can't say blood on the air.
Buddy Hackett is the wacky gay neighbor who's into S&M but with a heart.
It's a horror film, it's a sitcom, it's a variety show.
I see it as a kind of an action comedy drama.
It's a furniture polish, it's a dessert topping.
It's all things to all people.
It's low-cost healthcare insurance.
It's a sitcom, it's a hard movie.
Children will love it, seniors will love it.
Pets will love it.
That's right, brothers and sisters.
Jesus' blood shed provides you with the token to get through those turnstiles up in heaven.
Yes, brothers and sisters, we're gonna ride the holy highway.
Oh, brothers.
There'll be homosexuals in heaven.
Just like you and me.
There'll be homosexuals in heaven.
For all eternity.
That's right, brothers and sisters.
Don't let the humanist, secularist fool you.
God does truly love all his children.
It's true.
No matter how sick, profane, twisted, warp, degenerate, backwards, redneck you are,
Jesus has a little tiny corner in his heart just for you.
So this evening, wrap yourself up in the American flag.
Snuggle up to the warm fire that is our Lord Jesus Christ and his Holy Spirit.
And be warm in his glowing, basking light.
Amen.
Amen.
Amen.
Tonight's proceedings are brought to you by the good Reverend Edward Sweetness
and Dr. Katahdin Light.
Yes, sweetness and light for you, brothers and sisters.
Sweetness and light.
Okay, I've got all the equipment set up,
microphones turned on, speakers turned off
so it won't go wee, you know.
But I'm ready to do a show.
I've got to do a show today.
I'm a day late doing a show, but first I have to eat.
Oh, man, and the dogs look like they want to go out.
None of the servants are here today,
and it's just me, and, damn it,
I wanted to be able to sit and edit the Austin ranting.
It has to be edited for most of the stations
because it has a lot of cutting, cussing in it.
Cussing equals cutting.
Come on, you guys, let's do it.
Come on.
Yeah, they can tell I'm too flustered right now
to take them for a walk.
And I have to do this show quick.
In fact, I got up this morning and thought to myself,
I need to get that damn show done by noon
so that I'll have time to dub it.
I actually had dubbed the copies myself
that go out to the stations,
and that takes a couple of days, the way we do it.
So I've got to get this damn thing done,
and it's 10 o'clock right now.
Luckily, wonderful work has been done
by our good friends at other subgenius radio shows,
Dr. Legume and Reverend Ed Strange,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Chad,
Chaz at WCSB,
and old KPFA shows with Hal and Puzzling Evidence and Janer,
and I've got other stuff to read.
We've just got tons and tons and tons and tons of stuff
that I don't have to stop and cut,
but I do have to just whip through it real fast.
In fact, there was an ESO show last week in Cleveland
that was just Chaz and Dave on their own
with their background tapes,
and it was actually one of the classic ESOs.
It shows beautiful speeches and slongs about X-Day,
so that's certainly pertinent.
And I wish I didn't have to stop and eat.
Luckily, I have some kind of Canadian hot links
I can microwave as soon as these dogs are finished
with their silly, earthly concerns.
Eating, sleeping, bathing, things like that.
I just, well, eating I like sometimes.
And I also enjoy the after effects of eating,
excremeditation.
But all of these things are like involuntary slack.
They're enforced slack.
I mean, sleep is wonderful.
It's the best.
Sleep is, as Dr. Philodrumon said so long, long ago,
sleep is the ultimate drug.
But I'm not on drugs.
I've got to get the damn show done,
and it's because of...
It's computer graphics again.
It's the Steve Jackson art game.
After six months, they fired the person
who was holding that project up.
They were very deplorable.
Hey, pud, beast, come.
Pud.
Getting up close to the road.
Pud. Pud. Pud, pud, beast, come.
God, it will take forever.
So finally, it was like, oh,
now that you've answered my question,
well, all the artwork's pretty much ready to go.
And it almost is.
I've got like just another day's worth of work,
and I can send Steve Jackson a stack of zip disks
that will blow everybody's mind out their kazoo.
But I can't do that until I finish this show.
Now, can I?
I can't do that.
I can't do that.
I do have to eat first.
I guess eating ain't so bad, friends.
Eating ain't so bad, but I tell you,
sometimes I think email is so, so bad.
I came in and I made the mistake of stopping to look at my email.
And, oh, somebody had posted this thing on the World Wide Web
that was hilarious, inadvertently hilarious,
but deadly.

deadly serious critique of the Church of the Subgenius
on account of, well, this super genius, I guess,
had been looking into it for a long time
and finally figured out that we were making fun
of his religion, too.
He was a transpersonalist, which, to tell the truth,
I'm not even sure what that means.
I think it's just the latest sort of trendy way
of saying new age or.
Hitler was a transpersonalist.
And I guess what the Tutsis and Hutus do to each other in Africa
is a transpersonal interaction in a way, too.
Anyway, he, the guy's basic gist was these subgeniuses,
they don't even believe in ESP or magic or any of the wonder
and healing and so forth, unless they say aliens caused it.
And so, friends, I don't know, maybe next week,
I'll read you some of that.
In the meantime, there's much more funfalutin stuff here.
This is that show I was mentioning there about,
of Einstein's Secret Orchestra, Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Chaz,
on broadcast originally on WCSB in Cleveland on New Year's Day,
January 1st, 1998.
Here are some of the things that we're going to talk about.

Here are those terrible, terrible men.
I just dig that.
It's all I need.
You know, those things they found in space a few years ago,
they said, remember they said, oh, it looks like the waves.
They're like 300 million light years across.
And it might be the waves left over from the Big Bang.
It's kind of like sound waves are like reverberating.
through space there.
And those are really the love vibes.
Booker knew about the love vibes.
He's feeding off of those right there.
But I was trying to figure out, you know,
it's a Church of Apollo 8 thing
that's been evolving here a little bit.
It's actually Church of Apollo.
Because, well, Apollo 8 was the first one
to orbit the moon.
And they said about that one, they said,
well, Apollo 8 was, quite frankly,
the boldest step, the boldest decision
that we had made in the whole
Apollo spaceflight thing.
And, you know, because they hadn't gone around,
they'd only gone around the Earth a couple times, you know.
Here they were, they were going to, you know,
there you go, off into deep space.
If they miss you, you know, that's it, you're gone.
Hang on, hold that thought, hold that thought.
Dave's here.
I've got to go answer the door.
All right, so, anyway.
Where was I?
Where was I?
Oh, yeah, Apollo 8.
Yeah, because that one just orbited the moon.
But it was the boldest step
because they hadn't gone, you know, anywhere else.
They'd only gone around the Earth, you know, a couple times.
And here they were, you know, going to send them off
into deep space.
And they get around the moon,
and they see the Earth from deep space for the first time,
and they show these pictures back and take snapshots,
and it all becomes a big ecological movement.
Yeah.
When it should have become a reawakening spiritually
to set aside all the old religions.
You know, they worked for you 2,000 years ago, okay?
They worked for you 500 years ago, you know?
Even though we already did know
that the Earth wasn't the center of anything,
just 10,000 years ago,
because we were that old.
Somebody, now, we're no longer like we used to be,
and we're steamed out of it.






was 1 percent.





100 years from now,

because you know their studies,
And I am learning,

You and such have a life.
You sound so lonely out here, man.
And, uh, yeah.
And we are lonely out here, in a way.
But we're not lonely, because the universe, it turns out,
they find out that it's pretty loaded with all kinds of crap.
The universe is, of course, loaded with crap.
That's a pretty spiffy there, goularty sweatshirt.
Yeah, I'd like to thank you for that.
Hey, could you snap up the microphone a little bit, or a mic?
You gotta turn that up.
Gee, it is, isn't it?
Isn't it one of the coolest?
Look, see his ears?
Ernie's ears go right out where my nipples are,
on this goularty T-shirt you got me.
I mean, sweatshirt. I'm sorry.
Anyway, but yes, in the days of Caledonia and so forth,
when Cab Calloway was a major singer, religion didn't...
It worked. That's right. You're right. It worked.
Listen, folks, the curve of human evolution was bent.
Starts with a K.
It was bent when we went to the moon.
Right, when that little orbit was mishandled so misappropriately.
Yeah, and they snapped those little pictures.
Our little...
Yeah, our little synapses were popping, too.
My synapses were totally popping.
They're going right now, man. I can see the side of your head so hot.
My synapses have not stopped popping since December 1968.
And here it is.
Friends of mine...
1998 now. This is it, Dave.
30 years.
180 some days.
Friends of mine took LSD then.
Yeah.
And they told me that when they took LSD,
that a commandor rheumeroid or arthroid, whatever his name was,
arthritic rheumatoid arthritis,
was a guy named Neil...
No, Neil Heppey.
Neil Armstrong said that he was on LSD, too.
He said everybody in the world...
That's why he doesn't talk about it to anyone.
He can't because the back of his larynx was sold shut during that other experiment, too.
But we can't talk about that, either.
When he blew up the spider.
There's so much strange stuff going on that it's beyond strange.
There's an Indian in Charleston.
Yeah.
I mean, it's way the hell out there.
It's past the moon, buddy.
It's far and more away from one.
It's way past the moon.
It's beyond the solar system, ain't it?
But, uh...
So, anyway, this new...
So, a new church.
A new idea.
A new spirituality.
Should be arising based on the idea that we don't belong to the Earth.
The Earth belongs to us.
No, no.
The Earth is just a dust speck.
The dust speck belongs to it.
No, let's leave the dust speck behind.
Yeah, leave it behind.
I think what we should be doing is start a church and start getting people to join the church with a lot of money.
And start developing rocket ships.
Like, we don't want...
In this church, we don't want aliens to come pick us up.
We want a church based on action.

We want actual rocket ships.
I mean, they call the church the subgenius of...
We don't...
A UFO cargo cult.
This is not a UFO thing.
We don't care about aliens.
You took me by surprise tonight, bro.
We want to be the aliens.
Look, I urinated in my pants.
I was so excited and yet so confused.
Because this goes...
And the past dialectic...
We don't care about the aliens.
We want to be the aliens.
We want to build the ships.
Well, look at yourself.
You already are the aliens.
In more ways than they could even imagine.
Look.
Look at the...
Look at your shoes.
Commander.
Look at your shoes.


Look at your feet.
Look at your feet.
They look like them little pointy elf shoes.
And look at your hands.
They're too big for the rest of your body.
I mean, everybody knows you've got to be some kind of outer space mutant guy.
So let's get some rich people, Ted Turner and stuff, on board here.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe I can get them to get my own spaceship because I'm bald.
I don't know.
Hey, you know, opportunity to fly in space, you know.
Hey, you know, all the other people, you go, opportunity to fly...
All the other churches go, opportunity to fly in space on the aliens' ships.
I say, do it yourself.
Just like, you know, make...
What Bob and Ray did.
Just like bands.
What about when Bob and Ray was out there and he built a wooden spaceship...
Don't sign the corporate contract, boys and girls.
...and okay, it couldn't get off the ground, you know, and he went over and said,
hey, Mr. whatever-his-name-is-lucky-killer or whatever-his-name-is-Mr-forehead-paste,
this thing is clearly made of wood, or not clearly made of wood, but it is...
It's a wooden spaceship.
How do you expect to get it in the air?
And old Bob and Ray...
I think...
Who was Ray?
Bob said...
No, was Ray called...
No, Bob said...
No.
He said, of course, I don't expect it to fly.
And that's the whole thing we're talking.
Everything is the same thing.
Of course, we don't expect it to really fly.
Start learning about solid rocket engines.
We just want you to start flapping your wings, you know?
Someday...
Well, how do they work?
You know, start finding out.
Learning how to build a solid rocket booster is going to be as basic as learning how to build a fire in the future.
You know, in the old days, you know, the thing was, you know, everyone knew how to build a fire in, you know, K-Man days and stuff like that, right?
Right.
In the future, that will be the equivalent.
Learning, you know, solid rocket boosters...
Right.
...liquid rocket propulsion, orbital, you know, mechanics and things like that.
Yeah, why can't we get some of them, you know, kids that can't get out of the third gate, some of them retarded kids start learning fluid mechanics and so forth.
That's right.
And celestial mechanics.
And if they can't, they should be beaten to a bloody...
Turn off that stupid television set and pick up a book and start learning this stuff.
Go back to school.
I don't care how old you are.
Get enrolled in physics courses and start learning about this stuff because we're going to need you.
We're going to need every one of you.
We're too lazy to do it ourselves.
If nothing else, we're going to line you all up and stand on your backs and jump.
But them funny Greek words with all the letters and numbers behind it, hey, man, we can't make a damn bit of sense out of that, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
So you learn all this crap and then you build us a really, really cool one in case, on next day, in case they don't come.
Please, we need some backup, some room...
You need some faith, man.
You better... you sound like you're backsliding a little bit.
What do you mean, in case they don't come?
Weasels ripped my flesh.
Look, you said now you...
You know they're going to come.
Well, not at least in my orifices.
Look, you said weasels ripped my faith and it's gone.
Look, it's just hanging here.
Oh.
Now, can... look, you can see my jowls here and you can see my evil incisor teeth now.
You look just like Julius Caesar.
I thought you said I was going to look like Judas Priest.
Judas Priest.
Yeah, did you hear a guy from Akron joined Judas Priest?
Julius Priest.
Judas Caesar.
Yeah, whatever.
Judas Caesar salad.
Judas Caesar salad.
For the holidays.
You know, Caesar salad haircuts was what the real illusion...
People would say and call it the greasy Caesar haircut.
I think people actually put a Caesar salad on their head and let the croutons be a pair of earrings.
Better than at least bowling balls, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
I don't know.
But...
So you think we lost it back in the ancient days of Ur and Babylonia?
When we were actually a real star cult or something?
Well, I want to tell you something else, too.
One of the astronauts...
Pepe, I think it was, wasn't it?
I never told this story on the air here.
About Pepe?
No.
There was no astronaut in the air.
There was no astronaut named Pepe.
Come on, man.
Why, you pro-Anglo waxophone.
There had to have been some kind of...
At least somebody up there named Pepe or something.
Pepe.
Well, maybe they had a pet name named Pepe.
You know, those guys who spent two weeks alone, you know.
Yeah, but...
I find out a lady called one of them for a parrot.
I mean, it was a parakeet.
It had a...
Fluxus.
I have to find out exactly.
I think it was John Young.
I think it was Apollo 15 or 16.
That was the guy that was stumping Carl Young with the haircuts.
I remember that guy.
He played the gigaphone for Rupert Folley.
I think you're mistaken.
But anyway, he was...
He had a dream while he was on the moon.
Oh, you told me that.
Yeah.
Juiciest dream ever.
And he...
He dreamed he was dreaming.
They were in the moon rover.
And they're driving down the, you know, driving down the highway on the moon.
Rolling, rolling, rolling.
Keep the doggies rolling.
Yeah, scooping up little rocks as they go along.
Hey, check it out.
Look at me, Houston.
Hey, Houston.
Check it out.
Houston, can we go?
Over to that crater there?
Yeah, okay.
So they're driving around on the moon.
And they run across some car tracks.
It looks like human cheese.
Some other tracks.
Yes.
On the moon.
And so they radioed back at Houston, you know.
Houston, we've got a little thing happening here.
We've got some tracks here.
Can we follow them?
And Houston radioed back.
Yeah, go ahead.
Okay.
And so they start, you know, driving down and following the tracks.
And, you know, going over hills and stuff.
And you get about a quarter of the way around the moon almost.
And they came upon another car.
Yeah.
Just like theirs.
Right.
Another moon rover.
And it hopped?
And they drove up to it.
And they took samples of it and brought it back to their spaceship and everything.
And one of the guys shot a finger too.
It was a couple of guys.
Yeah.
One of them.
He's drinking a beer.
And they're in space suits.
Rednecks on the moon.
And one guy was giving a finger, flipping them off.
Another guy had a gun.
He was going hunting, I guess.
Yeah, the shotgun, I guess, had gone off.
And...
Yeah.

And blew out something in the car.
And they couldn't get back to their spaceship.
They were swearing nobody could understand what the hell they were saying.
But anyway, they loaded up the stuff with all the other rocks.
And they took it back to Earth.
And the scientists analyzed it.
And it turned out that those ancient hillbillies flipping off the Apollo astronauts on the moon
were a million and a half years old.
They had been there all that time, untouched.
I guess Pappy Zika himself had fathered more than eight zillion quadrillion illegitimate LARFs, Brodden,
which was the name given to those people.
In the moon.
By the other subconscious moon people.
Not moon people.
That's their own word for it.
I mean, the subconscious moon people, because so much of the moon's force,
at least on our sense, is in the dynamic of the psycho-spiritual, like when you're dreaming.
So they're kind of like dream shadow people.
But the moon hillbillies are real men.
And you don't want to get them pissed off on you.
There's a lot of hills on the moon, too.
I mean, sure.
It ain't like West Virginia, you know, a little tiny strip in the United States.
Plus, they got rivers down there, and you can go over the river and stuff like that.
Jerry Springer shows and stuff like that.
Yeah, right.
No, there's a lot of mountains on the moon.
So, you know, there's a lot of moonbillies.
We call them moonbillies.
Don't call them a moonbilly when you're in one of them bars, you know.
Unless you are a moonbilly yourself.
Especially if you start hearing, like, you know, Patchy Clone.
Now, everybody likes Patchy Clone.
Patchy Clone is a...
And everybody likes to, you know, see some of the gyres.
Hazy, hazy, for being on the other side.
Of this planet.
I can't remember.
There's in their own dialect, too, which consists of these coarse grunts and snorting weasel sounds.
Right.
Yay, yay, yay, yay.
Like that.
Yeah, right.
But, you know, all rural people take a bad rap, especially when they, you know, ain't bathed for a long time.
And can't sleep at night.
Yeah.
Especially, you know, them weird moonbillies which are in your brain and your spiritual subconscious.
Oh, moonbillies in your subsensuousness.
Friends, I...
I sort of know how...
How Lonesome Cowboy Dave feels there.
I think those boys both have moonbillies on the mind.
I thought...
Chaz...
Have you gotten the impression over...
Over the last year or so that I've been playing a lot of VSO that...
That my cousin Chaz Smith is sort of interested in the space program?
I am, too, actually.
I'm with him.
I think that...
I think that...
That more money should be spent on...
On that...
Even though we're gonna be leaving the planet in the next 170 days or whatever it is.
I think the conspiracy should spend more money on the space program.
Because they discover cool stuff.
Here's some people who don't need science.
At a September meeting...
Oh, by the way, the music in the background is D.K. Jones.
At a...
At a...
September meeting...
Of Christian Coalition leaders...
Oh, this is the Onan News Service.
This one's titled,
So Who Has the Weird Religion?
At a September meeting of Christian Coalition leaders in Atlanta,
former founder Pat Robertson said the religious group should raise its political intensity
by looking to the notorious machine politics of Chicago and New York's Tammany Hall as models.
And also, Pat Robertson said that...
It would be God who would personally select the Republican best suited to advance the Coalition's agenda in the next presidential campaign.
I guess that implies that it would be Satan that picked the Democrat side.
Cool.
Let's see.
Robertson had begun his remarks by noting that he assumed he was talking only to the family.
And that if any members of the press were present, would you please shoot yourself?
Well, there were...
obviously members of the press present. A Catholic priest, Donald Kocher, testifying
at a deposition in August in a Chicago area lawsuit against him and his diocese for sexual
abuse of parishioners, admitted that he had had sex with as many as a dozen women over
a 20-year period. However, he added, I've always seen the affairs as morally wrong,
and I've always tried to bring them to a conclusion as quickly as I could. I am so
glad in this church we don't have to worry about stuff like that. In fact, I have bragging
rights. I should brag about what great stuff I'm getting, friends. You wouldn't even believe.
Put it this way, Bob's promise rings true, and thousandfold. In September, in New York
City, federal judge Louis A. Kaplan disregarded sentencing guidelines and sent Orthodox Jew
Solomon Spree to prison for only 18 months for insurance fraud, citing his three marriageable
daughters.
The two daughters, who by law of his babav, Hasidim, must rely on their father to find
husbands for them. The happiness of at least two of them would be crucially delayed if
Spree were imprisoned for the recommended time.
So, they can't put me in jail, man. I've got two daughters that I need to marry off.
What else have we got here? Oh, that one's too long. There's something in the onion that
I... Oh, here's some other news. That's right, I'm sorry, I got a little confused.
I got a bit Dave-headed.
A Spanish police foiled a mass suicide planned by a 30-member sect whose members believe
they would be carried away by a spaceship from the summit of Tenerife's Tiel de Volcano,
officials in Madrid said Thursday. The group, which may be linked to the infamous Solar
Temple suicide cult or Hindu apocalyptic sect, was convinced that the end of the world would
take place this evening, according to a Canaries government.
Officials, they were planning to end their lives on Earth and travel by spaceship to
a new world. You notice these people did not have their spaceship built. They, too, were
expecting aliens. People in the Canary Islands have been tracking the group's movement for
some... This leader was arrested for inducement to suicide. That's scary to me. They can arrest
a cult leader for inducement to suicide? What if the cult leader's not planning... He's
not planning to commit suicide, but he's going to induce everybody else to do it? Would that
cult leader still get in trouble? It is not even clear which branch the sect is, whether
it is the so-called Solar Temple cult or whether it is a splinter of this group. Many types
are possible based on the personality of the leader. In 1994, 74 members of the Solar Temple
cult have committed... Since 1994, 74 Solar Temple nuts have committed suicide. The sect
believes that the death voyages by ritualized suicide lead to a place of real suicide. The
Cult Co-Owners Program Happy Sober
Coimbar
Healthcare

Then Tanic
You Are
Right
After
Sex
or yes, hmm, at dominating, searching, and controlling the average law-abiding, polite Christian citizen.
But when it comes to prosecuting the Oklahoma City bomber,
they have to call in a foreign police agency to wit Scotland Yard because the FBI has no credibility.
Only God knows what will happen when the Unabomber case comes to trial,
nor can they keep undocumented aliens, translation, trespassing invaders out of our country.
I said the federal government, but many state courts and legislatures are equally guilty.
Remember O.J. Simpson? Wake up, American governments!
On low levels, a cramming of police take down your throats!
What is next? What, do they have to break down your door and invade your domicile before you protest?
There comes...
But it really doesn't matter with me now, because I've been to the mountaintop.
Not on mine.
He's allowed me to go up to the mountain.
And I've looked over, and I've seen...
I've seen the promise land.
All the promises we cannot stand.
The promise land.
To the promise, promise, promise land.
Somewhere I read of the freedom of assembly.
Somewhere I read of the freedom of speech.
Somewhere I read of the freedom of press.
Somewhere, somewhere, somewhere, somewhere, somewhere.
Like anybody, I would like to...
I would like to live a long life.
Longevity has its place.
But I'm not concerned about that now.
I just want to do God's will.
He's allowed me to go up to the mountain.
And I've looked over, and I've seen...
The promise land.
The promise land.
The promise land.
Promise land.
Yummy!
Promise land.
Promise land.
Promise land.
Promise land.
Promise land.



Promise land.
Promise land.





Promise land.

Promise land.
Promise land.
Promise land.
Promise land.

Promise land.
Promise land.
Promise Land.
The promised land
Like anybody I would like to build
I mean, I guess I would
The promised land
Here we go
The promised land
Here we go
The promised land
Uh, yes, dear friends, well, I'm gonna get there with you, I promise.
I will get there with you.

Friend, all any subgenius has to do is stay alive for another 170 days, something like that.
Friends, that song, Promised Land, was by Martin Luther King and I think the guy's name is Bob Suber.
DK Jones and Huge Voodoo.
And this is from a tape that is a collection of DK Jones and Huge Voodoo subgenius tunes.
It's got Jim Bob Joyce speaks on it, Hirosaki, Feel It In Your Gut, Let's Get It On, Pissacho, Hound Dog, You Ain't Know That Elvis song, Dobbs theme, Daydream and Dobbs Down, some stuff with Cleve, and of course that promised land here.
Here's a contact number.
Uh, D.B. Grant.
Phone number 201-593-8421.
That's, once again, that phone number for Huge Voodoo, 201.
It's in New Jersey, folks, you WFMU listeners, it's probably, I don't know.
Uh, 593-8421.
201-593-8421.

Friends, the promised land is right around the corner in human reckoning.
It's already happened in alien reckoning.
And, uh, this is a newly scored, uh, Hendrix, uh, jam bootleg thing in the background.
Friends in the news, the Midwest was, uh, just recently discovered between the east and west coasts.
This is from the Uncensored.
I'm John Deacon.
Thanks for watching.

A U.S. Geological Survey expeditionary force announced Tuesday that it has discovered a previously unknown and unexplored land, uh, landmass between the New York and California coasts known as the Midwest.
The Geological Survey team discovered the vast region while searching for the fabled Midwest Passage, the mythical overland route passing through the uncharted area between Ithaca, New York and Bakersfield, California.
I had long suspected something was there, said Franklin Eldred, a Manhattan native and leader of the 200-man exploratory force.
I'd flown between New York and L.A. on business many times, and the unusually long duration of my flights seemed to indicate that some sort of large area was being traversed, an area of unknown composition.
The Geological Survey explorers left the East Coast three weeks ago, embarking on a perilous journey to the unknown.
Not long after crossing the Adirondack Mountains, Eldred and his team were blazing trails through the strange new regions, wild lands full of corn and wheat.
Oh, excuse me, folks, that Hendrick stuff in the background just isn't working. It's fighting. Where's page eight?
Hardly any room to move in this little space capsule.
We have to conserve oxygen.
Oh, yes, let's see, when Transluc...
Let's see, Eldred and the others were surprised to learn that the Midwest, whose inhospitable environment was long believed to be incapable of supporting human life, is indeed populated, albeit sparsely.
The Midwestern Aborigines are ruddy, generally heavyset folk, clad in plain non-designer costumery, Eldred said.
Eldred said,
They tend to live in simple one-story dwellings whose interiors are decorated with hummels and, bless this house, needlepoint wall hangings.
And though coarse and unattractive, these simple people were rather friendly, offering us quaint native fare such as hot dish and casserole.
Though the Midwest territory is still largely unexplored, early reports describe a region as backwards as it is vast.
Many of the basic...
The aspects of a civilized culture appear to be entirely absent, said Gina Strouch, a Los Angeles-based anthropologist.
There's no theater to speak of, and their knowledge of posh restaurants is sketchy at best.
Further, their agrocentric lives seem to prevent them from pursuing high fashion to any degree, and as a result, their mode of dress is largely restricted to sweatpants and sweatshirts, the women's being adorned with hearts and teddy bears, and the men's with college football insignias.
Believe it or not, this region may have things to offer us, said Jonathan Ogilby, a San Francisco-area marketing expert.
We could construct an airport there, a place where New Yorkers could switch planes on their way to California.
We could stage revivals of old Broadway musicals there.
Perhaps we could even one day conduct trade with the Midwesterners, offering them electronic devices in exchange for meats and agriculture.
Others, however, are not so optimistic about future relations.
We must remember that these people are not at all like us, Codd Nash, publisher and Manhattan socialite Lucille Randolph Snowden said.
Oh, that's a woman.
They are crude and provincial, bewildered by our tall buildings and our art galleries, our books and our coffee shops.
For an L.A. resident to attempt to interact with one of them, as he or she would with, say, a Bostonian, is ludicrous.
It appears unlikely that we will ever be able to conduct a genuine exchange of ideas with them about anything,
save perhaps television or...
a big game.
Well, friends, here's some subgenius news.
This is from a book called Art Postale by Vittore Baroni, a subgenius who lives in Italy.
I haven't looked at this before. Let's see what he says.
It's got pictures, clips from...
It seems to be a book about male art, which is one of the things that we used to say the church was in order to get it across international borders.
You know, where...
Countries that normally wouldn't allow religious or political materials would allow male art.
And so they say here...
Oh, I guess that's the word for slack.
Total indolence.
That's not actually an accurate translation, but, you know...
It's...
If it sells a few...
We'd have to call it something else in Germany, like total dedication, or, you know...
I guess in Italy, total indolence might work.
I'll have to ask Jesus, the Italian Jesus, about that.
And he saw...
He had to translate all these made-up words into Italian.
Schizophreniatria.
Morir.
Realismo.
Sarcastrofia.
Sarcastrofia.
Sine sacra legion.
Oh, now I'm turning French on it.
Apocalyptionomia.
E-espetorationalismo.
Expectorationalation.
Espetorationalismo.
Hypnopediatrica.
Subliminalismo.
Satyriologia.
Disto utopianesimo.
Sardonicologia.
Fascistfatuismo.
Ridiculofagia.
Maybe they don't pronounce the G.
Fagia, maybe?
Ridiculofagia.
E teologia mesolataiesta.
Man!
Well, I...
I tried.
I've...
I, um...
I know how to...

I know how to pronounce Spanish like a Texan,
but, uh...
But I never...
I never learned any Italian, friends,
and I...
I don't...
I don't know.
I just...
Okay, enough of that.
Enough, enough, enough.
Where was Janer in them at?
These are the strangest shows.
These Janer...
This is from the Janer tapes made in San Francisco
last year, I think.
Sent in by Phineas Narco,
who is the other voice...
the...
the...
that you hear on the show.
It's actually so far what we've heard
has been mostly Janer and Phineas on these tapes.
KPFA tapes from the long-living,
long, still undead,
not really a subgenius show
from KPFA and, uh...
Berkeley,
Puzzling Evidence,
and Dr. Howell.
Thank you all.
Whoopi Goldberg is the street-smart,
hip, yet socially conscious...
Oh.
Wait a minute.
Whoopi Goldberg always...
is a street-smart, sassy social worker.
Why don't we change it a little bit?
Whoopi Goldberg is a refined,
sheltered, Nobel laureate scientist.
Okay, that sounds...
Now, let's have it.
Who slowly mutates
into a street-smart, sassy social worker.
You're beautiful, baby.
Come to Papa.
And she's dyslexic.
Talk to me, baby.
She's anorexic,
and she's got, uh,
multiple personalities.
You're beautiful, baby,
but she's sassy.
Street-smart, sassy.
All her personalities
are street-smart and sassy.
That's what's next.
Hey.
Hey.
Whoopi Goldberg with a twist.
She plays a white man.
I think it'll...
I think it'll fly.
It's hot.
It's hot.
It's happening.
It's burning.
It's on fire, baby.
It's white hot.
We'll get Ron Howard to direct.
Are you guys from L.A.?
He's unavailable.
It's dead.
It's dead, baby.
Forget it.
We'll get Cindy Williams instead.
Who loves you, baby?
Come to Papa.
I know who...
Okay, we'll...
I know who we can get to direct.
Fonzie.
All the bad stuff.

70s sitcom big characters
make great directors.
And now do we have a relationship?
Supposedly, guest stars
are reaching deeply
into their psyches
for things that happened
in the past show.
We have a relationship.
Beautiful, yeah.
With, uh...
Can I get some more lattes
over here?
Okay, I've got this idea
for a horror film.
I just pitched to you
for just a thing that had a...
The thing that had a thing
with no face
for a left leg.
Oh, Frank!
We're being...
We're being...
We're being...





We're being pursued
by some kind of monstrosity.
It's like some kind of thing.
It's a thing that has a thing
with no face
for a left leg.
We're being pursued
by some kind of monstrosity
that's poorly written
and hard to pronounce.
Ah!
No, no.
The thing with, uh,
nine heads
and the right ear
of the third head
from the left
has an eye
that's like a 7-Eleven.
And you go out...
Okay, like you go out the door...
The other head's like...
It's a donut shop.
Right.
And then you've got
the big eyeball going out
with a belly button
But the knee of the third thing
is like...
The knee of a convenience store.
It's a convenience store.
You go out,
hit the front door
of the convenience store.
And you, like,
there's that little outboard
and you jog to the right
and you pick up the truck
and you're in the back seat
on the passenger side.
There's this other thing
that has eight heads.
And that's, like,
the left third,
the big toe.
Right.
And then you go into, like,
I think the tile's a little long,
but...
You sort of go through
this long tunnel
and then you come into, like,
a theater
and there's a screen
and you watch a whole movie
and that's a mill tone.
Right.
And it's a horror movie
in itself.
That's a different movie.
We'll pitch you that one tomorrow.
Right, but with funny.
With funny.
Whoopi Goldberg
is the socially conscious
sassy...
Third head.
The street smart sassy
third head.
Right.
Dang, good job.

No, you think I'm 그러 aquele
itätLee
They look smug those two guy
Anyway, there's two forms of
that they, it's...
First of all,

the big toe,
you see the rider
and now I'll show you


What should I wear?
Now, just igualy.
What I see is,
trodden under cloven hooves.
Blessed are the victorious, for victory is the basis of right.
Cursed are the vanquished, for they shall be vassals forever.
Blessed are the iron-handed, the unfit shall flee before them.
Cursed are the poor in spirit, for they shall be spat upon.
Blessed are the death-defiant, their days shall be long in the land.
Cursed are the God-adorers, they shall be shorn sheep.
Blessed are the valiant, for they shall obtain great treasure.
Cursed are the believers in good and evil, for they are frightened by shadows.
Blessed are those that believe in what is best for them,
never to be afraid.
Never shall their minds be terrorized.
Cursed are the lambs of God, they shall be bled whiter than snow.
Blessed is the man who has a sprinkling of enemies, they shall make him a hero.
Cursed is he who doeth good unto others who sneer upon him in return, he shall be despised.
Blessed are the mighty-minded, for they shall ride the whirlwinds.


Cursed are they who teach lies for truth, and truth for lies, for they are kitcheniers.
Cursed are the weak, who womanhood makes them vile, for women shall serve and suffer.
The hand of utter deceit shall dwell in the
souls of the righteous.
Cursed are theutationists, for their teams shall be çıktı when they hear the 실�teric
fire appel, who write talk of merchandise.
of the Satanists.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
who don't fully accept the rationalist doctrine as inferior to those who have seen the light
and realize that humans are meant to be limited to the boundaries of the material world.
Does that sound like a quote from a subduer?
It is often implied in subgenius literature that people seek to explore transpersonal awareness
because of a need to escape from reality.
No, duh.
This idea is obviously true in some people's cases,
but that's not grounds for such a gross generalization of non-rationalists.
And then he tries to say that we're not that bad, but we really are.
We have some on-the-mark commentary about the ridiculous nature of many cultish belief systems.
Unfortunately, his happens to fall under our, you know, our silly hate.
In fact, the...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Most...
Most non-materialistic worldviews emphasize an awareness of the sacred in life.
But this does not automatically imply God-worship.
Sacredness can be thought of as an intensity of experience, underlying truths in human existence.
Ah, he found some of those.
Or a non-destructive, benevolent way of acting towards others, where you can leave us out of that.
Then he says, but the subgeniuses are funny, so it's okay.
And he thinks that we're brilliant and witty and everything, and...
...and...
A lot of creative power has been wasted on ideas which are so subversive and an approach which is so manipulative.
And here he presents the real beliefs of the church.
The propaganda of the church beneath the cult spoof element promotes the belief that people who pursue non-material or transpersonal forms of understanding,
which he never really explains, are connected with sinister aliens.
That's what we really believe.
Like all other subgenius assertions, the idealists...
is expressed in convoluted form through dogmatic preachings that supposedly exemplify the attitudes
of flaky new agers.
Since this is hidden by a sea of clever catchphrases, people who don't know what to look for probably
won't catch the message that non-materialists are alien contactees.
A new message of the Church of the Subgenius.
And you can learn more about our new message by writing for free information from Bob at
Post Office Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's right, Texas.
We're Westerners.
Bob at P.O. Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
On the World Wide Web, that's www.subgenius.com.
Reset all your bookmarks to subgenius.com.
And email therobot.
The muam unit at slack at metronet.com.
Because the Church of the Subgenius preaches that aliens are responsible for the growing
acclaim of transpersonalist paradigms in the West, and have also seeded many unorthodox
or subversive notions that have recently become popular in the fields of politics, psychology,
and science.
The reason for all this, according to the Church, is that aliens seek to subvert social
unity and promote chaos among humans.
All of this is accomplished by introducing seemingly revolutionary,
revolutionary ideas into the social fabric through their mind-control pawns.
If scientific rationalism were said to be a religion, the Church of the Subgenius would
be a cult.
We deviate from the standard rationalist paradigm by acknowledging the existence of extraterrestrials
and paranormal phenomena.
Okay, and uh, well sure, axis.
Axis, yeah, sure.
Anyway, he goes on and on.
And um, he has some great references on the Church that I've never heard of.
I'll have to check them out.
It's something I...
He also doesn't like schwa.
And his main beef with us is that it condones a belief that transpersonal awareness is alien
to human experience.
Well, you know, this guy certainly was able to pick...
You know, it proves!
The Book of the Subgenius is just like the Bible.
You can pick anything you want to prove.
Out of it.
If you want to prove that we're Satanists, it's written there in black and white.
If you want to prove we're having a war against the transpersonalists more than the Christians
or the Mohammedans, it's there too.
The fact is, we hate everyone who's not a $30 dues-paying subgenius member.
I'm sorry if that alienates some of my audience.
We don't hate you subgeniuses that didn't send in the membership fee.
It's that we pity you.
We hate the idea of you proving yourself so dumb in the face of Satan.


This is such obvious fact as the aliens come in July 5th, 1998 at 7 o'clock in the morning,
despite what some of these silly, big...
You know, for somebody who's not a rationalist, this person certainly uses an awful lot of
big, big, high-tidy-tidy, hoity-floity, college-educated words like that one person...
That one company that said, oh, you can't do this, Reverend Stein.
That can't be done.
I said, I'm sorry, but everybody's been doing it.
They just didn't tell you.
It turned out I was right and they was wrong.
And I guess when the aliens destroy this planet, that's the end of it.

or whatever they're planning to do on July 5th, 1998,
then I suppose we'll see who has the last little laugh.
Now, won't we?
Praise Bob.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no...
Oh, I'm not Jane.
Wait a minute.
I was about to turn into Jane-er.
Well, praise Jane-er.
It's a beautiful thing, friends.
This is Einstein's Secret Orchestra in the background.
Praise Bob.
We'll get them deviled cussing tapes done next week.
We'll get them deviled cussing tapes done next week.
