and death shall have no dominion and lonesome cowboy dave in theory is on his way
such a wonderful connection dead men naked they shall be one with the man in the wind and the
West Moon when their bones are picked clean and the clean bones gone they shall have stars at
elbow and foot though they go mad they shall be sane though they sink through the sea they
shall rise again though lovers be lost love shall not and death shall be gone
shall have no dominion and death shall have no dominion under the windings of the sea they lying
long shall not die windily twisting on racks till sinews give way strapped to a wheel yet they shall
not break faith in their hands will snap into and the unicorn evils run them through split all ends
up reverence they shan't crack
and death shall have no dominion make it out here it's uh Friday afternoon and if you uh get
desperate to call Princess we's cell phone I think you know the number and uh we will see you Dave
I hope you're not lonesome for long and friends we just attempted to bring lonesome cowboy Dave into
this episode of the hour of slug
would end up being number 1200 and something yes once a week for 26 years a weekly show how's been
doing it even longer on on the West Coast and we're still doing it but I sometimes ask myself
shouldn't I get a life flashing those lights at me sir and and pump get those strange chemicals into me
foreign
this is just
silly this isn't funny this is just this is not funny and it's not serious
no I won't be talking about good things and bringing people up yeah
marvelous technology is at our disposal
and what do we do with it instead of we威
up to new heights and improving communication.
We're just, the radio's broken.
And we're doing stuff like exit stage left.
What is this?
This is called the radio is broken.
Most of the people wish their radio was broken right now.
And they're so sleepy they can't get up to turn it off.
Except for you in the cab right there.
You got in the wrong cab, lady.
Now you're going to go really fast.
And when you get out, it'll be a super reality.
Michael Jackson will still be alive.
And Bubbles will be president.
Frank Zappa will be secretary of state.
All the dead stars will come back and function in our government.
The Kipper kids will be gigantic spiders.
Gigantic spiders.
Yeah.
The Kipper always plays the harmonica.
Okay.
All right.
Friends, welcome once again to X Day 12.
It won't be a drill this year.
And I predict it won't rain for much longer.
I can't say it won't rain, but it won't rain for much longer.
Oh, these pictures behind me being projected are unseen before.
Even by me, photographs made by Doc Fropp and Sister Decadence.
And I hope there's nothing embarrassing on there.
You never know.
That's my...
Look, there's the little Fropp drive collection tin that you made.
Yes.
That didn't do you much good.
On the contrary, it was entirely successful.
Oh, it was?
Oh, good.
Yeah, these are somehow pictures of last X Day from...
Flying saucers bombard...
Flying saucers bombard...
These are what you missed.
That was the big house in the background.
The rustic cottage painted by Thomas Kinkade, painter of blight.
Boy, that guy, Thomas Kinkade, makes a lot of money off of picture puzzles, I've noticed.
He makes the picture puzzles that I don't buy.
He's a fundamentalist Christian.
Well, you know, I guess I had a good whiff reading then.
Yeah.
I must have whiff read that.
Although, personally, I don't have anything against Christians.
Yes, but this one...
This one is an exceptionally poisonous...
Only the ones that I've met do I hate.
This one is an exceptionally bad one who deceives others, runs them out of business, steals from them.
But he's the painter of light.
Yeah, we're the church of light.
We make your wallet lighter.
God appears and God is light to those who dwell in realms of night.
But does a human form display to those who dwell in realms...
of day?
Well, we do hope our brother and fellow communicant, lonesome cowboy, Dave, will arrive and that
his vehicle has sufficient strength and vitality to transport him hither.
But, of course, as you get closer to Brushwood, as I said the other day, as when two magnets
are brought together, the pull becomes stronger as you approach these precincts until finally
you are inextricably...

irrevocably drawn here to the pulsating heart of X-Day.
Twelve X-Day, the stroke of midnight, the stroke of doom.
The doomsday clock is only five minutes away.
Princess Priestess Pisces is passing out special doomsday dials, which will help you in time
control in your first phase aboard the Pleasure Star.
This is the Which of the lost stars of the X-Dchts.
Well, she's passing those out, other sub-geniuses are just passing out.
Or passing strange to something stranger.
You'll notice on the photographs on screen we have actual UFOs here.
That's the inexplicable black turd-like thing that appeared in the sky a few cycles
ago.
Friends, you see, when you get to planet X it's like the big hole.


rock candy mountain the snow falls up the rivers run with beer or wine or
whatever you want it you know could be diet soft drink you that was expressed
in a pink commercial years ago where that some kid wanted all the oceans and
waters of the world to turn into orange crush and it took a lot of speculating
to figure out what effect that would have on the old planet but it wouldn't be
pretty yes friends on you on your new cat planet that even the cactus are made
of rubber edible everything is made of rubber if you want it to be city I
predict cities made entirely of rubber by the year 1998 good old Criswell
actually said something like that what an idiot man
I can't wait a lot of predictions but
wrong mostly like a fool now the boy those excess will be here any minute now
well maybe solve a movie son of flubber where they showed some of those new
buildings you drop the baby deliberately on the floor and he bounces back up into
your arms have they ruined the flubber series by remaking oh they did
definitely with Robin Williams the kiss of death to anything so let's not
mention the right the anti-crime right yes of course and I or Jim Carrey
or even Pope David Lee black because we have to move to somewhat serious and
portentous matters as the great star spanning ships of the exists draw ever
closer and we all have to get right with Bob in the final convulsions of the pre
econo cataclysm well by definition everybody here is right with Bob so we're
preaching oh yes by definition sure by the book if they want to go by the book
you know the bucket of Vicodin the the bathtub full of pills all of those
things that were just sort of funny subgenius jokes can be real but be very
clear how you visualize them or else it doesn't come out right it's like saying I
wanted you want a goldfish bowl full of fish so you say I want a bowl of fish
what you might get is well not what you visualize so be clear about it and in
life it behooves us to
visualize exactly what we want and not leave this important quiddity in the
realm of the vague because one cannot realize what only exists in idealized
warmness is smoky in co hate shape a staying now I know you don't like to
tell them about that port authority building but the saucers do land
somewhere eventually and that is where we are all supposed to go
You know you have your other questions.
Yeah well now if you have read your pre scriptures.
You know that they don't land a blind out across it from North
South over the International Dateline and let the Earth turn they don't land
here but when they come back when they return you may remember the diaphragm of
the path of the pilgrims which appears in Revelation X that Bob A porque- je fun
starting with that.
Self-same port authority building where you can
either go to wrap up stone andsubmit up a note here and you want to leave the


to Christian heaven which we consider to be subgenius hell or continue on the
sinusoidal path which eventually takes you after ascending through numerous
lifelines and lifetimes to what we call the punchline you remember friends you
can have anything you want as a subgenius did you ever want to fuck
Cleopatra her mummy is still around overrated you can fuck the mummy of
Cleopatra in the Church of the subgenius just think about that's why you're
hearing a little bit of eruption in the pink world about hey was that Egyptian
archaeologist who believes he's found the tomb of Marcus Antonius and
Cleopatra the sixth this of course is the distorted conspiracy version of the
events which Reverend staying is talking about
how they're having a field day of Johnny on the pony action with the unfortunate
mummy of the late Egyptian ruler of the upper and lower kingdoms oh and here is
a modem act with the famous bullhorn I assume he is now called the faithful to
prayerful worship and they will assemble here soon to receive their last modules
of subgenius indoctrination
stop stop stop
stop stop stop stop stop stop I was needing just that we will try to do it
again now pop culture that desire to give a taste of it more I just need you
to know come from behind us completely and utterly now I know you can come come
what what he is out blow this horn is the woman who blew that I didn't know
that she was about to blow that
but it fit and it was really my pleasure I do need to doubt the author author
we are mean greedy evil people we are disappointed at the lack of emphasis on
slacks anyway to open it up a little bit more we do hope you'll stick around for the next episode of the show.

or ask doctor how when that happens and we are going to be doing our classic
historic broadcast at this time here from the brushwood folklore center
pavilion at xa 12
soaking wet brushwood folklore pavilion but perhaps now the rain has spent its shafts and ceases now to bellow through the vast and soundless deep maybe the sun will be the light of the day
will come out and we can endure his burning axle tree and bright thrown we will welcome him for his last few appearances above our globe
destroy the warming sun
too far away
yeah now remember it's good and it's the theme less costume ball tonight so
seamless but not seamless I actually have a for those who didn't think about it I have a giant
sack of cheap rubber monster masks in the back of the I fan so if anybody starts to feel like they're too normal looking later in the afternoon come see me and I can abnormal you up real fast and ladies if you ask her nicely reverend Susie the floozy might have the accoutrement which screams to be worn by you that's right yeah yeah she carries all kinds of she's already been bestowing cross dressers would die for what she does.
her trunk later on as it were in a manner of speaking friends that and most of this show was recorded on July 3rd of conspiracy year 2009 actual year unknown at the brushwood campground at the 12 X day or what could also be termed the 14th X day drill we started drilling for 1998 in 1998.
1996 and we still haven't hit 1998 yet before that we heard a quickie collage by reverend norrell prep who has more a lot more at norrell prep dot com and at the beginning we heard titles by lemur and some puzzling evidence with Phineas narco from KPFA Berkeley but X day drills aren't all talk there are also insanely stupid stunts secret rituals and nightmarish moments.
of horror such as this one from the amino acids live at 12 X day.
!!
.
yeah yeah.
yeah yeah yeah.
yeah.
the hell.
.
.
.
This is a fairly bloodless, stag-eating, neon-haired show.
Usually there's all this accounts of blood and spine organs.
This year they were very gentle.
They used Leslie on his Canadian left feet.
For God's sake, who owns this Canadian here?
Are you singling me out again?
I am, I am going to die.
Welcome to your last day on Earth.
I feel good.
I feel very happy.
I feel very sad.
Hope I didn't startle you, hon.
Are you feeling better?
I like it here.
Nothing beats setting up camp in the desert at night, just toasting s'mores and getting glowy.
Baby, we have to talk.
I'm on a radiation vacation, soaking up the gamma.
All the He-Men do their bomb testing just over the ridge there.
Can't you smell it?
Baby, there's a possibility that your problem is coming back.
There's nothing wrong with me.
I'm just little Miss Suburbia, two gene pods and a purse full of credit cards.
My husband had an erection once.
Silly, really.
I want you to go upstairs and pack a suitcase.
I'm taking you back there.
This flicker is my vortex.
See the neon?
I got an EKG you can dance to.
Everybody limbo.
I had a legendary twitch in Nagasaki.
Uh-huh.
I want to tell you a secret.
If you look at the way the humans are going, as the growth of the internet, which we all thought,
wow, it's gonna make everybody have to learn how to read.
No, it just turned into more TV.
I'm not putting down those of you, 99% of you, who spend all your free time watching somebody else's
video on TV.
Is it about cookies?
That's the slack of many a reward.
But the humans, you know, I mean, look at the way it's going.
That movie Idiocracy, that happened yesterday, man.
That was LA last week.
So sometimes I think I don't want to live forever aboard my escape vessel because every now and then
I'll see what's happening to the humans left behind on earth.
And that's depressing.
It's an awful thought.
So let's not take a break.

Let's think about that.
Let's think about the big rock candy planet.
What?
I was thinking about...
That's where we're all gonna go.
Rock candy?
Well, that's mine.
Mine.
You're all welcome to come to my planet when we're ruptured.
The big rock candy planet.
The birds and the bees and the cigarette trees.
Yeah, there's cigarette trees there.
The Saudi water fountain.
With lemonade springs where the bluebird sings.
You know, some people don't have meaning in their lives.
To them, life is just one big hiccup.
In the midst of a bunch of nothingness.
There's a lake of stew and a whiskey too.
You can paddle all around in an old canoe at the big rock candy mountain.
That's my plan.
Yeah, that song is what I started basing my planetary plans on.
In the big rock candy mountain, all the cops have wooden legs.
The binnacle bars are attached to the stars and the hens lay hard-boiled eggs.
The bulldogs all have rubber teeth.
And the railroad bulls are blind.
The
There's got to be a difference between fantasy and faith, or else Jesus don't mean nothing.
I'd like to say that who is so concerned whether or not one is an escapist or trying to escape?
Those who are not.
Those who have the most concern for this are jailers.
And how happy do we want them to be?
I knew when I first seen you that you didn't have nobody or nothing but Jesus.
I see you. Yeah, I knew it.
That's right.
Standing around acting like you got wires of blood and anybody else, but you ain't.
Because I'm the one that has it, not you, me.
What are you talking about?
About I know things I ain't never learned.
How I can see signs.
And something that just happens.
And I got to do some things sometimes.
I got to do some things sometimes I don't even want to do.
And sometimes inside me I can feel it.
I can feel it pulling and tugging at me and pushing.
And I can feel my blood beating.
And I got to do this thing right now.
It's wise blood.
Ain't everybody has it.
See, it's a gift.
It's a gift, like the gift of the prophets.
Now, I ain't saying I'm a prophet.
No, it ain't like that, but it's like that.
You're crazy.
Crazy boy.
Well, we're going to put in another cassette.
Dr. Howe, you know what's missing up here?
A topless babe.
Or even just any kind of female creature.
Now, Pisces, you're standing around over there doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
Are you saying she should reveal herself unto Bob?
One of y'all girls need to get up here, otherwise the Sausage Fest legend will be true.
Well, many legends are true.
Many have a basis, in fact.
I had some great sausage last night here at Aspen.
I'm not going to say this is a sausage fest.

Yes, it is a sausage fest.
There's some really good, high-class sausage on this campground.
If you say so.
No, there is.
Maybe you didn't know the right thing.
I had some sausage that was so authentic it had bristles.
I'm not kidding.
It was great.
It did have two boar bristles sticking out of one end of it.
Anyway, there are plenty of unusual viands and drinks for the adventurous here at X Day.
You don't have to wolf down plasticine food generated by blind-eyed robots in sad factories.
We finally got the babe up here.
You asked for it.
You got it.
She's not topless, but her diapers may need to be changed any minute now.
How easily Stang swivels to a different kind of thrill.
Adaptability.
I learned it from you.
That's the watchword.
I learned it from you, Dad.
Do you want to get in front of the...
Well, sir...
She can now sit down and make noises.
There you go.
Say something.
She'll say Bob.
She's a silent renter.
Not everybody can say Bob on cue.
Actually, you would...
I tell you, manager, it's my boobs.
That's the problem.
In fact, the first sentence that my son...
My son spoke, the first complete sentence was, Bob, pipe, hot.
Bob.
The little shaver was burned by Bob at an early age.
That's right.
Bob, pipe, hot.
Seared and scorched.
It's first more than one or two words strung together.
Well, we used the pipe to help toilet train the child.
Yes.
If he didn't do it right, we'd burn him.
You gave him the dottle treatment.
The dottle treatment.
The dottle treatment.
What do you want, the bottle or the dottle?
Well, I think they come around quick when they're given that choice.
Yeah, then they're climbed.
No, quite seriously, folks, any of you who are parents or end up being parents by some
horrible mistake later on, for some reason, the sight of the Dobbs head aids toilet training.
Something about it makes them want to let go.
...was the first one to discover that.
And his daughter, who we now know as Reverend Baz otherwise, was once a piddling in her
pants little baby.
I even knew her then.
She was born on my birthday.
I christened her.
But she was unable to use the little toilet until the day she saw a rise on TV.
And when she saw Bob on television, she suddenly went, poop, and ran to the toilet, laid her
pants, and then she was out.
And I remember her first properly done little set of vlogs.
And, you know, friends, to this day, for all we know, if it weren't for Bob, Reverend Baz
otherwise would still be pooping in her drawers.
Oh, thanks.
She's 22 or 23 years old by now.
A hottie.
Yes.
She's a hottie.
However, she goes to Starwood instead of X Day.
Now, why is that?
I don't know.
Oh, it's because her parents, that's what her parents do.
Or she might not wish to spend an entire festival in the grip of incontinency caused
by seeing that grinning face everywhere she turns around.
It would mean numerous humiliating trips to the porta-potties.
Speaking of the porta-potties, I see the Jenkin Chamber signs have already been removed by
somebody.
By our tireless friends at Rushwood.
Yeah, I don't understand that.
It says, don't flush.
We're using the chem...
We have just the chemical toilets, not the flush toilets.
We use the chemical toilets as Jenkin fermentation chambers.
Why not?
That's what they are anyway.
Yes, but...
And yet, when we put, when we state that fact, when we put up a sign saying what this
object already was, the staff go around and take the sign down.
It says, do not flush, but you can't flush a chemical toilet.
It doesn't matter.
So what is their problem?
It's their problem.
It's the thought.
The thought that someone...
The mere thought of the Jenkin.
The mere thought.

Because they're squeamish.
The liberal, sensitive ears of the modernist doesn't want to hear about Jenkin, even though
it's the most organic type of getting high.
Why?
You know, you don't have to care for...
It's not like LSD, which requires a laboratory to make.
Yes.
Or cocaine, which requires acres of toiling Indians.
Yes.
















Or, you know, you can, you can...
I mean, good God.
It's God's gift, a subgenius kind.
It's recycling.
And you can, and it makes you see your ancestors too.
That's what all the Jenkin users say.
Which ones?
I actually haven't tried it yet myself to tell the truth.
The people are represented by heretics.
You know who I am?
Pretty instantaneous.
The FBI.
Got no proof.












No prints of value.
No DNA.
Heretics.
Dim bones.
Right, right.
Bob.
Technically, I think he was schizophrenic.
I studied psychology.
Yeah.
He got money from somewhere, but chose to live on the street.
I mean, he yells at people on the street sometimes.
You know, but he's harmless.
He had a following.
He was so crazy.
I don't mean crazy, crazy.
Just crazy.
We thought people would like the image.
Crazy.
Crazy.
He's got a brother in California who hasn't seen the image.










I haven't seen him in years.
The KGB is after him.
No more pole vaulting ever.
The KGB and mind control.
You are Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Waiting for Bob.
The man who did 20 years for racketeering.
A psychotic roller skater and big expansion.
We have some questions about Bob.
Why?
Why?
Bob.
It's high verbally.
You're a big fan of Bob.
And Bob is as dumb as a sack of hair.
Yes.
Bob.
He's a paranoid schizophrenic and he incorporated Bob, Bob, Bob.
So he's not completely crazy.
Bob.
Bob guilty or not guilty.
Now.
Yes.
Bob came to help me.
Did you ever see Bob outside the office?
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Overruled.
The witness may answer.
You're going after Bob.
Bob.
Yeah, you know that secret town near Moscow?
That's where we met.
How do you like my English?
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
He's maintaining his life.




As long as he's on the drugs.
I'm out of here.
Because as we know, Bob will provide.
Yeah, that's what I've been telling people for a long time.
I'm kind of still whiting myself for a couple of things that were promised.
Oh, Bob's been good to me, to me.
So I say thank you, Bob, for giving me the tee hee hee that helped me fight the conspiracy.
Oh, Bob's been good to me.
Praise Bob.
Yes.
We all know.
We all know from our infancy, from our earliest sensations in our cradle that Bob is out
there lurking perhaps just beyond the edge of the cradle or somewhere not immediately
visible.
Then in our later years, we make crude images of Bob and come to a greater understanding.
And finally, we reach the effulgent Dobbs head itself.
Now we are on that unstoppable.
Unstoppable magnetic track, which will ultimately end at the punchline.
Yeah.
And by the way, you don't want to be indoors at 7 a.m. this Sunday.
You can be jerked through the roof.
No matter what is overhead.
And jerked out of your skin as Apollo flayed the satyr Marcius.
It'll only hurt for a little while.
It might seem like an eternity, but in truth, it won't be long at all.
Like ripping off the bandage.
It's something that I've been doing for a long time.







It's something that needs to be done in this little moment of wakefulness.
And after that, an eons load of bliss.
Right.
When you see your fellow subgeniuses screaming and bursting into flame.
Or just bursting.
And it starts to happen to you.
Don't worry.
It's just like throwing off an old shoe.
And don't try to put them out.
Please don't put them out.
As a snake shakes its skin, or perhaps even as a newly fledged butterfly emerges from
the chrysalis.
It's given up grubby prison.
The cicada leaves its exoskeleton on the tree.
When I give up, when I shed my body, I'm going to eat it just like our newt eats its own
skin every time it sheds.
Yeah, you are supposed to eat that stuff.
It helps you in your new life.
Well, it helps build up immunities too.
Build strong bones, including some you didn't have before you were ruptured.
Some subgeniuses.
The bacula, for example, gentlemen, you'll have one of those.
I'm going to have one of those.
Some subgeniuses are what we would call health food nuts.
Yes, they look like they're at death's door.
They're thin, starveling, wispy, gray.
They look as if a good strong wind would knock them ass over tea kettle.
And maybe it would, but they are not at least chomping down the toxic garbage-filled tit
of the conspiracy.
Well, on the other hand, though, there are subgeniuses who do deliver.
They deliberately chomp down the garbage of the conspiracy because it's part of the
industrial diet.
It creates immunities straight through disfigurement.
It creates mutation, as we call them, mutants.
Booger eating is something that will increase your immunity.
They did a study in England and found that people who ate their own boogers generally
got sick a lot less than everybody else.
Well, they just thought they were eating the regular English diet.
If anybody, you know, I've got plenty here if anybody wants to use a...
Oh, you're talking about interpersonal booger eating.
That is a different matter.
No, no.
Yeah, I was just kidding.
Oh, speaking of kidding, friends, the Bob back there, that's really a dummy.
That's not really Bob.
I just wanted, in case some of you subgeniuses get overeager, it's still good for...
A lot of overeager things.
A lot of all the things.
A lot of the things Bob's good for.
As she's finding out right there, you can get your hand right up there and you can go,
hoo-ha!
And you'll notice that he's been used a bit.
But then who hasn't?
He's been around.
He's been at many an ex-day.
Nobody's a fair-haired boy anymore in this organization.
There's some wear and tear.
He was used for archery target practice at one point.
And arch remarks and snarky comments.
Just bounce off his hide.
Is that for Hal?
No, this is for Hal.
Oh.
Did you need one?
No, I'm fine.
Yes, ladies and germs, we plan to deliver on every promise.
And if you don't believe me, just see Reverend Ivan Stang.
No.
No, friends.
Just kidding.
Please.
This Sunday morning at 7, I know most of you are going to sleep in.
I know from experience that you're going to sleep in.


I know from experience.
Only at the heartiest few are out there.
Assemble in the middle of the downpour.
At 7 in the middle of the downpour.
But we will have Kool-Aid, I hope, this time.
We will have the Kool-Aid.
Historically, it should be Flavor Aid.
By the way, did you know-
Flavor Aid?
Yes.
At Jonestown, they drank that, not Kool-Aid.
Flavor Aid.
F-A-V-R-A-I-D.
That's like, what's the name of that?


We Are Dough.
In my nightclub act, if I may mention that for just a moment, this is the only time I
ever will, we use three chairs at the place we are in now, the Bob Dobbs Memorial Hall.
Those three chairs came from Jim Jones People's Temple, the chair that I, the host, and the
guest sit in.
Wow.
I did not know that.
Yes.
I didn't know that either.
We use them.
They have a certain emanation that helps us during what we call the K-Rob moment.
Is that something?
Yes.
They carry the current.
The seats upon which the asses of the doomed sat.
Yeah, they did.
They had something to chew over and mull over at times of inactivity.
Friends, don't worry, we won't put cyanide in the Kool-Aid here until we can beat their
record.
Unnecessary.
Of 999 victims.
Yeah.
So until we can get a thousand people all going, knocking back that Kool-Aid at 7 AM
and going, fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Yeah.
We're still searching for that magic bullet discovered by Edward G. Robinson or by Dr.
Paul Ehrlich in his fight against syphilis, but we are convinced there is another magic
bullet which will undo the effects of what we are pleased to call pinkness.
And this bullet is a chemical trigger.
I can tell you that.
I can tell you that right now.
It creates a tropism.
Once one starts on that path, one cannot go back.
It's as though there were barbs like an Indian war arrow that only allowed to go forward
and not back.
But there's no point even in mentioning this because you will all know viscerally what I
am now describing in a cold intellectual fashion.
It is kind of cold.
Yep.
Yeah.
Can you believe this is July?
But you never know.
It's chill and risky.
Tomorrow it could be 100 degrees and sweltering.
Weird weather.
Perfect.
Weird weather.
Did you say you wanted some whiskey?
Here you go.
Let's talk real quick to Bob.
The chicken and the egg came at the same time.
All right.
So Bob's going to break the tie.
Hang on one second here.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Hello?
You're breaking a tie.
So it's very exciting.
The egg is broken.








Do you have any guesses of which came first?
Well, you know, I have my theories, but you tell me.
It was the egg.
The egg came first.
The egg came first.
We have solved the problem.
Wow.
One of the great mysteries of life.
And the chicken came second.
I am special to brother chicken.
Yes, you are.
Yes, you are, Bob.
And I will keep that forever.
Thank you.
Thank you, Bob.
Thanks for calling, Bob.
Bye.

Bye.
Well, that solves that problem.
How about that?
That's done.
How many years has man wondered and pondered?
Now we know.
And it took Bob to solve it.
Yeah.
And at 5 o'clock, the Quijibo snooty beer and wife swapping party, which will be followed
by the un-costumed ball at 7.30, and then at 8.15, all the rowdy, countrified types
will enjoy the John Deere tractor beam pull.
Yee-haw!
That's at 8.15.
John Deere tractor beam.
Bye, Cracky.
That's going to be a beach party, by the way, and this is perfect weather for
bikinis and beach bars and stuff.
For subgenius beach party.
Yes.
Get the bikinis and obnoxious beach music going.
Subgenius beach party?
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
Subgenius beach party.
Yes.
As we stand on the shore of the world's ocean, the ocean of destruction, we can throw up
our hands in despair and gyrate mechanically to the subgenius beach party, the thrilling
sounds of Dick Dale and other surf masters.
I love that.
I'm beat.
Let's go, monsters.
I've seen this before.
It's really you, sidemen it.


I've got my psychos for your stเพ.
You know, in孙 Trần Sơn's

All right.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.





John Deere tractor beam live at 12X day available from MySpace.com.

MySpace.com slash John Deere tractor beam.
And they only put two E's in John Deere.
And you might also want to check out TheAminoAcids.com where you can see their new horror movie, Honest.
The collages we heard interspersed with the blabber were by Norrell Preff,
except for one by Reverend Susie DeFluzzi from her subgenius show on WREK Atlanta.
That's WREK.org if you ever want to hear her show, Bob's Slack Time Funhouse.
And we heard a clip from the movie Wise Blood.
Now, although you may have missed X Day Friend, there are other devivals coming up,
such as Dragon Con in Atlanta on September 6th weekend and Portland, Oregon devival in October.
And if you want to know more, you can see subgenius.com events.
Or to see pictures of any of this, you can look at subgenius.com.
And see even Fat Man D.
Who you will hear singing at X Day presently.
But first, something gay from Fernanda Namby, Lee Murr.
Yeah.
Well, I'm gay.
I'm afraid you and I will need personal boys.
Yeah, all right.
I hope he has his nose.
I'm happy to see it.
In just a moment, we will learn what adventures befall Tarzan.
Great.
Oh.
Oh.
Huh?
Mm-hmm.
Now get going.
Tarzan.
Tarzan wound through a tangled bamboo forest.
Tarzan kicked it savagely and fled.
Tarzan thundered away.
Well?
You're like a stupid baby ape.
A what?
A stupid baby ape.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, you.
Hey.
Hey, pals.
For the last time, I'm gay.
I see.
Hey.
He's enough.
Still.
Wow.
Is not really cre
ільки.
Why Nomary?
Gandhi lives and Gandhi breathes, but only if you so believe.
You act as if you were a saint, well Gandhi is a neutral saint.
Gandhi is alive and well, he's living in a big hotel.
God èlake socock, Alive or dead get Michael
Brecker as Mr. M.
Zig Zig Zig Zig Zig Zig Zig amnii
Zig Zig Zig Zig Zig Zig Zig Zig amnii
Do the gondi, do the gondi, do the gondi, do the gondi, do the gondi, do the gondi, do the gondi, do the gondi, do the gondi, do the gondi, gondi, gondi, gondi, gondi.
God lives when you're not so.
Put down your arms and heed the call.
Because of the dust, the desert sounds.
The day of karma is at hand.
God is just like a king.
And everybody does their thing.
So how can you just hang around while High tranquil gondi is in town?
ей
Though
Go and shake to the Gandhi Shake Oil- pizzy frown
Oh, everybody, from here to Canada and beyond, we are all doing the Gandhi Shake.
I want you should meet my husband, ladies and gentlemen.
The one and only Tommy Amoeba, the lowest form of life.
He wrote this tune.
They are lovely amoebas, aren't they?
Give it up for our wild, limp, ladies and gentlemen.
Isn't she beautiful?
Shake, shake, shake.
Shake, shake, shake.
Thank you so much, ladies and gentlemen.
I have washed in the blood of the Bob.
I have bathed in the blood of the Bob.
I have drunk from the blood of the Bob.
And in that time since then and now,
I have realized that if you can't sing a bluegrass song about Gandhi at X Day,
then I don't know where you can.
Nowhere, baby.
Maybe Fat Man D is right,
and you can hear more of her rightness and wrongness at FatManD.com,
spelled P-H-A-T-M-A-N-D-E-E.
Yes, Friday is going to be an event-filled day.
After the 9 o'clock Fat Man D explosion at 9.30,
Dr. Legume's Weird Ritual Party will commence.
And while this is all going on,
parties.
We will erupt forth at various camps.
Wrenched open and jammed in.
Erupt.
And joy will be unconfined.
With a Latin root there.
Unbridled.
Dr. Howard, no?
Erupt.
Erupt.
Rupture.
Are they word history etymology similar?
Actually, they come from the same root.
The same root, and that root is rape.
Rapio.
Disease.
To ravish.
To rape, actually.
But that is not...
Is being enwrapped.
Yeah.
Enwrapped?
Yes.
The rape tour.
Nobody said it wasn't going to hurt.
You see, all these ecstatic images that people are shown
are just sort of anesthesia for what they actually expect.
Don't they focus on the rapist?
You ever notice that the sound you make is...
Nobody cares.
...when you're...
When you're a female and you're hurt,
you ever notice that the moans and groans you make from being hurt
sound a lot like when you're having sex?
Oh, many have noticed this.
I've noticed it in them.
Now, there is a contingency plan,
even if this fabled rupture does not occur.
If we are not caught up in the clouds,
in the embrace of the sex goddesses,
there is a consolation,
and that consolation,
will be Reverend V. and Reverend N.E.'s pancake feast.
Yes.
Not scheduled, because, of course,
all times after the predicted rupture are unknown.
But if time does reestablish itself,
the coveted Bobby Awards will be given out.
Oh, yes, the Bobbies will be fighting tooth and nail
for these proud decorations.
Oh, the Bobby Awards are incredible.
It's a big thing.

And, of course, you need to stay back from the seething,
writhing mob of Bobby's,
because your personal injury could result.
Yes, sir, I'm heaven.
Are you going to heaven?
Yes, sir, I'm heaven.
Are you going to heaven?
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Man, I can't even count.
Yeah.
Sexual desire.
Yeah.
Yes.
Oh, okay, okay.
Yes, sir.
I'm trying to put my finger on it.
What are we looking at?
Well, oh, my goodness.
Hey.
Hey.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Give up.
We love the darkness.
We don't know God.
Give up drives me crazy.
This doesn't do anything.
How about this one?
I had a man that I was friends with.
I could kiss my friends.
Absolutely.
Religion is number two.
Oh, oh, oh, dumb.
Give up.
Give up.
Get away.
Get away.
Feel good.
Feel good.
Cool.
Is your church going purr, purr, purr, purr, purr, purr?
Gabe, Gabe, Gabe, Gabe.
Heaven.
I actually went out and had sex with guys.
Mm-hmm.
I don't know how to do that.
I'm going to lust and do things.
I'll spew out of my mouth.
So no, no.
I committed adultery and committed murder and lied and stole.
How about this one?
Really.
Pant, pant.
Pant, pant.
To win.
They call to win.
They call to win.
They call to win.
They call to win.
They call to win.
They call to win.
They call to win.
They call to win.
They call to win.
They call to win.
They call to win.
They call to win.
Following directly after that comes the historic Bull Dada auction.
And prepare to reach into that deepest, most sensitive part of yourself,
your wallet.
To prepare for this important part of X Day 12.
That's the most important organ in your body.
Yes.
Your wallet.
Yes.
We don't refer to the sole wallet, but to your regulation wallet,
which contains your worthless, valueless pieces of conspiracy paper,
so-called money.
How we laugh at money.
Ha, ha!
We laugh at money.
The idea of monetary value, of false value,
which is the idea of money.

Which only exists because everyone concurs in it.
How worthless it is.
Yes, we snap our fingers and...
Now everybody's starting to lose faith in it.
Yes.
The only way to regain faith in it is to give it up to a certified subgenius minister or
practitioner.
And when you see it applied toward a worthy goal, then it does have worth and your faith
in the American dollar is worth.
It's regenerated.
Right.
When you see Princess Wee and I spending that dollar you gave us on Moldovan wine, you know
that it's well spent.
It's spent a lot more wisely than you spent it, now wasn't it?
And money donated to my private foundation will purchase a new generation of plastic
dinosaurs.
And my pledge is that none will be spent on medical matters, rent, or groceries.
I will not be a doctor.


I wishmas, I wishmas, I wishmas, and a wishmas, wee wishmas, wee wishmas, and a wishmas, wee
wishmas, wee wishmas.
I wish this X Day thing would hurry up and happen.
Thanks to Leigh Murr for that collage and to Norell for the one a little earlier and especially
to Dr. Howell of AskDrHowell.com for lending us his brand new bottle of wine.


Thanks to the band Free Cake for the show.
Which is the band heard in the background playing live at X Day.
That's Free Cake.
But now, now that I, your host, Reverend Ivan Stang, have finished up in this chem toilet
I'm recording from, I must return in time to that stage one month ago.
I see Reverend Stang is joining us and...
I just figured out why they take the Jenkin signs down.
Oh no.
It's not Jenkin, they pour disinfectant in there.
That horrible bubble gum smelling chemical stuff wafts up to replace the honest Jenkin
that you might be with.
Aren't you hiding all of us of our Jenkin?
I stuck my head down in there to get a good hit, you know, planning to see my ancestors
and so forth.
But no, if you get a, if you huff the disinfectant you see your descendants and that's depressing,
believe me.
So, uh...
I'm a little bit of a...
Oh, you're a little bit of a...
Would you like to smell that?
It's sad, yeah, it's like you'd have to create your own Jenkin chamber because they've wrecked
all of these.
4.55pm, Ben and I went down the hall to the neighborhood bar.
8pm.
6.48pm.
7-7-7.
7-7-7.
That's 7-7-7.
7-7-7.
7.
7.









2.00pm.
9.15pm.
Ben and I drove directly to the bar on North Ferris Avenue, the 1322 Club.
10.45pm.
Ben and I drove to the 1322 Club on North Ferris where we located the neighborhood bar.
11.20pm.
We drove to the neighborhood bar on North Ferris Avenue.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Bye.
Uh, so we're here at X Day 12.
We're here at the X Day 12.

We're wrapping up a long laundry list of last minute details before we get ready to troop
hand in hand aboard the gleaming lowered ramps of the pleasure saucers of the sex goddesses.
And that will occur at X Day 12.
It's not for nothing that the hand has gone completely around the great dial and will
strike the stroke of subgenius midnight at 7.05am on July 5th, so-called 2009.
9.15pm.
And I know it's taken me a long time to put my affairs in order.
A long time of filing, erasing, deleting, all of that.
But I think I am at least prepared for the first phase.
And it would be a good idea for each and every one of you to get your houses in order.
For ye never know when the master cometh.
And then there's a huge mess to clean up.
Uh, you can vouch that just before we left for X Day, Princess, we and I had our wills
signed.
That's right.
These guys were seated at the table in the dining room going over their wills.
Hey, what's with, what's this 7.05 stuff?
Uh, the thing is-
7.05?
I thought they were supposed to come at 7.
Uh, I have the original scriptures, the original doctrines said 7.05, but, uh, I, if they come
five minutes early, uh, who knows, uh, um, 7.05 might just be, you know, uh, like-
We don't know what year this is.
We don't know what planet this is.
In the San Francisco Bay Area, many of us take the B-A-R-T train or BART, and the BART
signs always tell you when the train's coming.
Well, when they tell you there's two more minutes, it's actually already there, and
you can see the lights in the tunnel as it rushes towards you.
And it's the same with these saucers.
Uh, 7.05.
7.05 is, and 7.05 are to all practical purposes interchangeable.
I see.
Uh, unlike the Christians and their Namby Pamby rapture, we are not instantly transected
aboard those saucers.
There's a certain amount of joyous hustle and bustle, like a cruise ship leaving port.
There's the confetti, the bilious belching and swilling of champagne, the, uh, tears,
the blowing of nose in scented, uh, handkerchiefs.
And then, uh, finally the ascent.
Uh, and now I think Modemak is going out to spread his message of subgenius joy and cheer.
We're so fortunate to have you, Dr. Held, because you understand all of these things
about the, the numbers and everything, the, the numbers of minutes.
Well, I seem to understand them instinctively.
I have a picture of it in my mind.
I couldn't tell you exactly how I got there, but I'm confident that this is the way it
will be.
And you can have the confidence of Dr. Held if you have the confidence in Bob.
For Bob is a holy man and he has a church, a church of the subgenius, my friend, and
a website where you can learn all about that church and its awful people at subgenius.com.
By the way, subgenius does not have an O in it.
Or you may submit.
Yes, you may submit your own subgenial workbook.


And you can send it to us at P.O.
Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118 if you dare, because we don't know what's going
to happen or even what did happen.
And then there's the horrible theory that the sub gene that everything went wrong in
the original 1998.
And we're stuck in a loop where for all eternity, it's seven o'clock in the morning and nothing
has happened.
Forever.
And ever and ever.
