Ladies and gentlemen, I want to announce the next attraction.
I refer to the subgenius, Cowboy Dave.
What?
Oh, yes, dear friends, and thanks for the donations to help Lonesome Cowboy Dave last week that so many people sent in.
Now, please don't hate me for this, but this hour of Slack, number 1,779, is going to be all me talking and, to some extent, ranting from last year's Starwood Festival.
And Princess Wee sings near the beginning.
In the old days, I would have broken this up into sections and interspersed it with thematically connected songs or other clips, but I must not spend too much time on one show.
No.
I really need my time for more book creation, or at least book reprints, something.
Besides, this particular Starwood rant was especially rambling and didn't really have any kind of sane sections.
I was working from some notes, but not any kind of prepared speech.
Also, and this is true, Vermin Supreme's pony had just dropped a big load of horse hockey on the stage next to my pulpit.
As we were getting set up.
Yes, presidential candidate Vermin Supreme was a guest also, and we made friends and hung out, and he gave me a tie.
It wasn't really his pony.
Some locals brought him a pony and a goat so he could illustrate his campaign promise of a pony for everyone.
And we just adopted three stray kittens, and I want to get back to staring at them playing.
So here's my last year.
Starwood rant, uninterrupted except where old news has been removed.
Price bother.
Here we go.
We can't promise you a pony in Church of the Subgenius, but you might get one of these if you're lucky.
And look, it works for all kinds of ways.
Boys, girls, things.
Things.
Things.
Do you dare to see the thing called it?
Well then stand by for the subgenius devival.
Okay, friends, first off, thanks for sticking around.
I know the pony is kind of a draw.
But, as I was saying, stick with the Church of the Subgenius long enough.
You won't get a pony.
You'll get one of these.
Only it won't be the stuffed one.
A prairie squid, we call them.
They're endangered.
Thanks to people like me.
But before we get going here, I'd like you all to join me in a traditional moment, a somber, sober moment of, a quiet moment of sacred noise.
Pace Bob!
Pace Bob!
Pace Dad!
I am God Bob!
Oh, yes, oh the power.
The power!
I love the...
And I need it.
I need the power.
But first, Princess We-Are-Do.
And I have a a little song for you that's about Starwood and XDEI.
Or rather, the XDEI drills,
which are the festival just preceding Starwood and XDEI.
I'll be Mr. Douglas and you'd be Lisa.
Okay.
That actually matches.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Head acres is no place to be.
Conspiracy is not for me.
Bad jobs that like to break my back.
I'm going to X-Day and letting Bob give me slack.
Starwood is where I'd rather frock.
All night drumming, let it never stop.
I just adore the pagan's best.
Stang, I love you, but X-Day's a sausage fest.
The slack.
Kick back.
The weed.
The mead.
Why not do both?
And take off.
All our clothes.
Geek acres, we are there.
Neck, neck, neck.
We're going to spare you our two-hour version of the Who's Rock Opera, Tommy, which we've changed to be about our dog, Buddy.
You won't get to hear that this year.
It's not quite ready.
On this.
Last year's Starwood.
For personal reasons.
We're glad you're back.
By the way, if they ever decide to do a workshop in how not to assist in a suicide, I can help with that.
Anyway, yeah, it's been two years since I've been here, and there's all these big changes.
In me.
In me.
And this is where I'm going to.
I'm going to talk about what.
What really concerns people of my age and generation.
My health.
Medicaid got mentioned.
Yeah, I turned 65 last summer.
And suddenly, I was on Medicaid.
Suddenly, I went from Hercules to weak and doddering.
An endless snowball of pain.
It's.
It's as if all the.
Thousand natural shocks that flesh is aired to hit every single cell in my body at once.
All thousand of them.
And there's a hundred billion cells.
So that's like it.
A hundred billion pains of a hundred billion pains.
Including Alzheimer's, arthritis and allergies.
And that's just in the A's.
So I could use a prescription for some Vim.
But I have faith.
The next day will come.
Yes.
X day.
The promised solution to all our problems.
And what?
Where do we go from here?
Well, when X day comes, my friends, the down home for real people will still have jobs.
But it'll be the jobs they wanted.
When X day comes.
If you have a secret.
Wish.
That secret wish will come true.
When X day comes.
There'll be peace on earth and goodwill among the remaining men and ladies and such because only the peace ones will remain.
When X day comes, the warlock will be wiped out by the peaceniks.
When X day comes, class division will be based only on tastes in bands or art, fashion, tattoos.
And everybody will know it's all just a bunch of vain bull hockey.
When X day comes, medical care will be better than on Star Trek and completely free and automatic.
Unless you want to be sick.
And when X day comes, love will permeate the universe and everyone will put up with each other's irritating habits with fantastic patience and equanimity.
The mind your own business police will make sure everybody.
Let's bygones be bygones and just stays off of your lawn.
But until X day comes, the subgeniuses will party and bull and party and bull and party and bull.
All apologies due to the law.
The last poets who originally brought that up.
Made those statements about it.
A less understood minority group.
And I do have actual serious things to say about the problems of the world.
But first, I want to share with you a funny little.
Well, I'm going to let you have a peek inside a secret subgenius forum called the Mature Gentlemen's Club.
It only exists.
On a like a non Facebook, non Google.
One of those secret telegram or Mastodon or something.
We have a bunch of those.
And this one is such an August and limited secret society.
Not the only people in it are me.
Philo Drummond, my partner and own name, Kenner by Philo's brother, the Mature Gentlemen's Club.
Anyway, the other day, Onan said that he had changed a line from our.
A classic old subgenius pamphlet pamphlet number two.
Only only a buck over there.
I'll let him go for the prop.
What's printed on it?
Just because we love you.
We don't really, but we like you anyway.
Onan said that he'd had to change the line about more.
This was advertising for us.
More hate and intolerance than even the moral majority newsletter.
And.
Onan had changed that to more hate and intolerance than even the Internet.
Philo said, yeah, that's a lot more relevant because the moral majority is defunct.
Onan said.
The moral majority hated as hard as they could, so I won't slight them.
It's just that the Internet hates more in a modern sense.
And we hate even more than the Internet.
We hate the Internet and ourselves.
And we hate the hatred of ourselves.
So it's complete and all encompassing.
Cleans the slate.
Philo said, I agree, but I no longer hate myself.
Onan said, well, the hatred of yourself, hatred won out.
Philo said, yes, I love myself.
But for all the right reasons this time.
His brother, Sphinx Drummond said, I used to love hating myself.
Onan then suggested a new.
Pamphlet.
I forgot to hate sales pamphlet number three, 45 a.
And then he mentioned that Joe Newman of the Rudy Schwartz project.
A few of you might be familiar with him.
Used to live in Portland.
He hated about as hard as anyone I've met.
He had to move to Canada to hate less.
That's not hard to imagine because he lived in Texas.
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah.





Philo said, I tried loving myself for all the wrong reasons.
But that was ultimately unfulfilling.
Onan asked, who then is the hater?
And who is the hated in a dance of self-hatred?
He was.
And he made that sound like it was a Nietzsche quote.
But it's not.
He made it up.
Philo said, oh, it's the kids parade.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
They always step on my slack.
No, they don't.
They're part of the slack.
Yeah.
Go kids.
Reproduce.
You got to fill in the empty blanks.
There's been a lot of holes left in our population lately, friends.
And we need them kids up there to get to work reproducing and making more little pagans and
yetis and subgeniuses.
Absolutely.
You're going to get more than me.
Um.
Um.
Um.
Um.
Um.
And onan said.
You've seen.
I think my hate levels were strongly correlated to make testosterone level.
I think that is also true of my foreign.
Famous stinky feet.
And onan said, hatred alone kept your feet from stinking worse.
And so, and I said all that earlier hate talk is giving me a hate on.
I'm dancing with a hate on.
And Philo said, I'm filled with too much love, too much tough love to hate.
I say don't hate those you berate.
And I said that my problem was I have too much kinder, gentler hate to feel tough love.
This is such a ball busting routine.
Philo came back with my love is as tough as a crusty old cowboy boot.
His brother said my love is sweeter than bobs.
Onan said it was so very important to me to hate well when I was a younger subgenius.
I made sure to keep the flames alive for today's younger subgenie.
They need to know about the conspiracy, especially the conspiracy inside your mind.
To which Sphinx Drummond said my hate is prettier than heaven.
And Philo said my love is stinkier than a pair of four week old gym socks.
And now that those kids are mostly gone, I can go ahead and finish this up.
This will be censored for the radio version.
My love is so stinky it hurts.


My love has its own butt, said Philo.
His brother said my love is so hungry it eats its own butt.
That's why my love's butt is so stinky, Philo said, because it only eats other butts.
And I said I'm going to steal this whole spouting session and deliver it as a rant at Starwood.
Prophecy fulfilled.
To which Philo threw in one last...
Question.
If you were Keanu Reeves and you accidentally married an orangutan, would you let it watch you take a dump?
So there's some questions to ask yourself, friends, as you move forward through life.
I do have some immediate actual news.
I'm going to tell you about the church and subgenius.
Number one, somebody made a movie about us and it came out really good.
We were...
Some...
Most of us were surprised.
I wasn't.
I had...
I really had faith.
And the director, Sandy Boone...
Sandy is the widow of an ancient subgenius who died a long time ago, but she never forgot.
And she started...
Well, she was smart because the true story behind it all is actually really interesting.
And we're not all going to be around to tell them stories forever.
There's a lot of people making movies about old weirdos and underground cartoonists and artists and such for that very reason.
And that's a good idea.
Furman's got a movie about him.
And we can't show the subgenius movie, which, by the way, has the very creative title of J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
We can't show it because it's still in film festivals.
It was shown at South by Southwest.
The audience loved it.
I loved it.
Well, of course, I meant it a lot, so I would.
But, I mean, the other subgeniuses did, too.
And it was at the Disney.
It was at the Dallas Film Festival.
Then the San Francisco Indie Film Fest.
And it just showed in Galway, Ireland.
I think Melbourne, Australia is coming up.
And then Montreal, Canada.
So some people think it's good.
And I believe that it will probably be on Netflix or something before the end of the year.
They still don't have a distributor.
I don't even have a copy.
But I think it's a better recruitment film than the one we did called Arise.
Available over there.
Arise is kind of preaching to the saved.
Only somebody who's already a subgenius can even bear the first 15 minutes of it.
And that's before it even starts.
That's just the instructions and warnings and caution labels.
So that is really good news.
And we're hoping to get lots of new blood.
We need that.
Meanwhile, Dr. Drummond has a subgenius television.
Channel.
It's a part of the OSI 74 network on Roku.
So you kind of either have to have one of those little Roku sticks.
They're about 30 bucks.
Or look at the same stuff on Vimeo.com for free.
He's playing not only our older films and shorts, which are available at the sales table over there.
But several different types of collections.
But also.
Weird lost underground collections of clips by weird collectors of weird clips.
Including the hypnotic eye, the late Joe Riley show.
And a bunch of other stuff.
It's really eye melting.
And if you aren't on drugs when you see it, you might as well be.
Because of what this stuff does to you.
So be careful.
Other news.
We started publishing books again.
We didn't stop.
We didn't start with a subgenius book.
We started with a science fiction book by Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
The great radio spouter.
Kind of like my spouting buddy on Hour of Slack.
And you know, he has a very original way of talking.
That I usually don't really understand until I'm listening to the playback.
I'm faking it during the shows.
In fact, I'm faking everything because I'm almost totally stoned deaf.
So whenever I act like I'm replying to something a person says, it's just a lucky guess usually.
But they don't expect sense.
So that doesn't matter.
Oh, and the last of all.
Anyway, yeah.
Neighbor World is for sale over there.
It's paperback.
You can hide it on your person even if you're in prison.
It'll roll up that paper.
It's a paperback type.
I've had to learn a lot more about that kind of thing lately.
But as Bob once said to me while worshiping Moloch, I only believe in two things.
Santa Claus and the fact that he doesn't exist.
That's the kind of wisdom you can expect from J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He also said, oh wait, you know what I really should do?
There may be a few people here who don't really know exactly what Church of the Subgenius is.
Well, it took Sandy Boone an entire 90-minute movie to explain it.
She did a really good job.
And I think that a lot of people here will like the ending of it because it actually tackles that whole where do we go from here thing quite well.
If you're a MAGA hat wearing Trumpaloompa, you probably won't like the end of it.
I have friends who are Trumpaloompas.
Relatives.
And I actually understand where they're coming from.
They're coming from cartoon land.
But, yeah.
This book, I'm going to read a little bit.
Normally I don't read from our books.
But this one's been out of print since right after it was first printed.
It was our latest one put together in 2006.
The Subgenius Cyclopedia of Slack.
The Bobliotica.
The New Revolutions from Bob Dobbs.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Slack with a Vengeance.
After the Book of the Subgenius and Revelation X, finally comes the third testament of the living avatar of Slack, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
As Robert Anton Wilson said, this is one of the best of all the one true religions.
R. Crumb said, finally a religion even I can believe in.
And Mark Mothersbaugh said, Bob is the enema for a constipated society.
A masterpiece for those who can still laugh at the fact that nothing is funny anymore.
Now what that one guy in the previous panel said from the audience, basically going, you guys are just trumping.
Off up here and selling your books, which I didn't quite get because nobody had mentioned anything about that.
I was trumping.
Because I knew that I'd get to do it for another hour or so.
I knew that I'd get to do it for another hour or so.
But as Voltaire said, don't go telling everybody else how to plant their garden until you've mowed your own damn lawn.
So, you know, we're kind of teaching by example.
And really my job is to keep a few geniuses from committing suicide.
Honestly, I really do believe that that's a lot of my job.
Is to just cut them some slack at a point in their lives when they need it at the worst.
And the reason I think that's a lot of my job is to just cut them some slack at a point in their lives when they need it at the worst.
But I believe that it's a good job is because I get a lot of letters saying that,
But I believe that it's a good job is because I get a lot of letters saying that,
not just to me but to the general sub-genius group in general.
—We have been able to somehow hit people at just the right time.
Sometimes it didn't have anything to do with our books—they just walked into a public restroom
sometimes it didn't have anything to do with our books—they just walked into a public restroom
intending to overdose themselves or something out of despair,

and there would be one of those stupid Dobbs heads stuck on the underside of a toilet seat.
and there would be one of those stupid Dobbs heads stuck on the underside of a toilet seat,
certainty.
just when they're about to drown themselves in there.
And the absurdity of that was enough to make them go,
okay, that's a sign.
God or Bob's going to kill me anyway.
I might as well let them do it.
They're professionals.
I'm an amateur by definition.
I'll probably screw it up.
There are times when it probably would be the best idea to kill yourself.
But check with me first.
There's right ways and wrong ways.
I missed last Starwood because of a wrong way.
Anyway, the publisher's advisory on this book says,
be careful who sees you holding this book.
The divine program from a source not of this world
can yet be known to mortals if they have enough money.
The bibliography on liturgies and gospels of the church of the subgenius,
the perfect self-validating philosophy.
That's amazing.
It's actually a joke because it pulls the rug out from under its own philosophies constantly.
There are self-validating philosophies.
And that's my friends, the Trumpalumpas.
They've got a perfect...
And it's not Trump's fault.
Trump's just a symptom.
It's been going on for a long, long time.
And very surprisingly well planned.
And of course,
the easiest thing to say is Fox News and fake internet news.
And yeah, thanks to the internet,
you can validate anything you want to believe.
You can find 10,000 other maniacs out there
that think that same wrong thought that makes you feel so good.
And that's the problem, if you ask me, part of it.
This is real.
Everything you know is true.
Bob is the priest.
This is the truth.
And down in very small print it says,
some animals were harmed in the making of this ecosystem.
So yeah.
I.e. the conspiracy thinks it can own everything.
We must stop them, even if it means owning everything else.
Trademark.
To this end, the followering zombobs,
trademark,
toiled day and night to implement this Dobbshead online system,
repentant,
entertainment,
a valiant attempt by dozens of subgenius artists and writers
to save those last few hundred thousand souls
from condage before the advance of X day.
I don't even remember most of this stuff.
I'll have to read this someday.
So there, if you're down in the trumps,
about President Cartman and his fans,
you know, I had a horrible day.
I had a horrible vision of Trump fans.
They're kind of like Howard Stern fans.
He is their testicles.
The loud man on the radio is their bobs.
Well, no, testicles.
They are nuts.
They have no bobs.
They follow this nut because he is the only way they can get their bobs.
Korea and Russia,
can do whatever they want.
They can just walk up and grab our country by the pussy.
And they grabbed the pussy.
One thing that came up towards the end of that panel discussion
heard on the previous hour of Slack
was the fact that the whole, not just the internet,
but all electronics could be shut down almost instantaneously,
either by the magnetic pulse from nuclear exchange,
or Mother Nature could do it.
Solar storms have happened in the distant past
that were strong enough to pretty much disable all electronics.
You'd have to remake everything from scratch,
which would take a long time.
We were talking about that.
Actually, that happens at the end of a wonderful movie
called Escape from L.A.
He pushes the button and shuts down all the electronics
and even all the,
then that vape pipe would go out, Fat Mandy.
Your vape pipe would go out.
The movie ends with him lighting a wooden match,
you know, old-style paper match.
When was the last time you saw one of those?
When that day comes,
25 years later, there won't be anyone left in America
but bikers and Amish.
Because they're the only ones who know how to live without all this crap.
And 25 years after that,
the entire population could be described as Amish bikers.
And if that's the way it goes,
that more power to them.
I've ended up with an odd little big man kind of life.
I was raised a fairly pampered little white boy in the 50s
with not a rich family,
but a middle-class family.
My dad was a lawyer.
But then after I left home,
I ended up living on Lakota Reservation in South Dakota
for two years.
First as a documentary guy, but then as a school teacher.
We hung around because I kind of liked it there.
Although I didn't,
we didn't know until we got back to Dallas
just how twin peaks we had gotten
living in that tiny rural community.
And Indian reservations,
or in this case the Sechangu Oyanke Reservation, Rosebud,
it was extra weird and creepy.
That was where I learned that
I can't see a UFO when everybody else can.
I can't see a ghost when everybody else can.
The damn UFOs and ghosts came in and abducted me and hypnotized me,
so I'd always think that that kind of thing was just a dream,
a night-hack dream.
Or, you know, sure there's unexplained things going on,
I don't question that.
I just question the explanation people have for them.
Why do we have to know?
Who said we have to know what the purpose of life is?
It didn't come with an instruction book
until the book of the subgenius!
Yeah, okay, I lived in an Indian reservation,
and I lived in a mostly Hispanic, Mexican neighborhood in Dallas,
real low income,
for 20 years.
And then I lived in a really poor black neighborhood in Cleveland for a long time,
and now I live in a middle class, really mixed neighborhood.
That house is still for sale, by the way.
It's really nice.
It's of historical significance.
Subgenius Foundation operated out of there for 25 years,
and of course it's got to be haunted,
but that doesn't do me any good!
I can't see them!
Anyway, my dad died in his big house on this ranch.
It's not really that big of a house,
but it's a big ranch.
It suddenly became mine.
And I never thought that I could live in rural Texas,
especially not my wife and her mom,
who are much bigger libtards than me.
She's really a peace activist,
although I've tried to teach her about human nature.
I kind of have wrecked it for her, I think.
But the horrible political news from Texas,
I mean, I would sit there in Cleveland every morning
and read the stuff from Texas that was going on,
and it's just, I thought, I could never go back there.
I mean, it's just too primitive.
Well, when your feet are on the ground,
and you've actually been there a while,
it's totally different than the,
the city monger Facebook reader's view of rural America.
We sophisticates like to laugh at stuff
like the Creationist Museum in Kentucky,
the one that's designed to be an exact replica of Noah's Ark,
but they can't get flood insurance for it,
and they've already had it wrecked by flooding,
and it was paid for by the taxpayers.
Church of the Subgenius isn't even a nonprofit group,
because we don't think that your taxes should go to a religion
that you might not support.
Plus, we wouldn't be able to get away with it.
But we have a Creationist Museum in my little small town,
Glen Rose, Texas.
There's a Creationist Museum that is so fantastically stupid.
It's wonderful.
Oh, God, you feel so superior walking through there
and looking at these very obviously fake dinosaur tracks
with a fake human track in the middle of it.
Oh, that's where the pre-Adamic man was fleeing the deluge.
And the dinosaur was faster.
It went through there first,
then the humans landed in there afterwards.
Then, of course, the deluge came and turned all the sand into rock
and made the Grand Canyon,
just to trick them science peoples.
Well, we're fighting back.
I don't have bumper stickers on my car in rural Texas
or in urban Cleveland,
but we fight back quietly.
I'm designing a rival for the Creationist Museum.
It's called the Destructionist Museum,
the Destructionist Evidence Museum and Sanitarium
in Glen Rose, Texas.
And we already have unearthed and have on display
a collection of these things.
We have fossil skeletons
from the Cretaceous period of prehistoric devils.
We have a fossil skeleton of a robot
from 100 million years ago.
We have a gray alien skeleton.
We think he's responsible for the robot.
And two cave subgeniuses that we're calling Adam and Eve
because, you know, that's what people want,
but it's really Adam and Steve.
And the wreck of Noah's Ark,
which actually did sink at the site
of what's now the Paluxy River.
There's not much left of it, but that's it.
Only a superstitious, gullible idiot
would think it was in Turkey on Mount Ararat.
We have ghost dinosaur tracks,
the tracks of ghost dinosaurs,
which by definition are blurry.
We also have solid live dinosaur tracks.
They're a little blurry too,
but the ghost dinosaur tracks are really clear as such.
And of course, we'll have road signs
all up and down the road,
Burma-shaped style, you know,
turn around, you missed the thing,
only $5, do you dare,
man eating chicken, all that.
Oh, and we have a,
we even have a little novelty,
ejaculope.
Those are real creatures, by the way.
People think that's some rural legend,
jackalopes or ejaculopes.
But this one has,
it's like you pull its little mounted stuffed penis
and it dispenses fortunes.
And they are real fortunes.
So far they've been uncannily
Twilight Zone-like.
So anyway, if I lived entirely in the Internet,
I would think that rural America
was composed of caveman,
chagladites,
and of course, about half of rural America
is just as urban America is.
Heck, I'm,
I've got a lot more Neanderthal blood
in me than most people.
My DNA test showed, so
I'm not proud.
I'm real proud, actually,
of that very fact.
But you start seeing this,
well, the polarization has been
worse than I've ever seen it,
and I actually have been a news hound
since I was a kid, practically.
And I've never seen it this bad.
And it's like rural versus urban.
City people think the country people
are just all dumbasses.
And believe me, the country people think
that city people live in hell holes of crime.
You can't go out anywhere at night
without somebody trying to mug you.
And there's morphodites everywhere,
just humping on each other in the streets.
Actually, that's true in both places.
It always has been.
You know, they just,
yeah, yeah, there's been cow
of all kinds out in the woods.
You know,
the Baptists just don't brag about it
as much as the city people do.
But I've, you know, I've ended up,
I know why they voted for Trump.
And it is because they lived in a cartoon world
composed of Fox News and the Internet,
and just everything they know
is what their friends say to them.
That's just as true of a libtard such as myself,
except for the fact that I'm aware of that,
and I really try hard to,
number one, I will not watch news
on television of any kind.
I've never watched The Daily Show
or The Rachel Maddow Show.
I've seen clips of whenever subgenius was mentioned.
But I deliberately just read everything.
Consequently, I can't pronounce the names
of half the new presidential candidates correctly,
but I remember more details about why I would want to.
The country people get really tired
of being depicted as Cletus,
or, you know, some buck-toothed yokel
in cartoons and movies,
and that happens.
And city people, of course, laugh at their
cartoon-like ideas of what liberals cite each other.
You turn on the radio or the TV,
and for some reason,
the most popular shows are full of lies,
and yet their fans call everything else
the lane-stream news or main-stream news.
Now, I thought Rush Limbaugh
was like the most popular radio personality,
and Fox is the most watched news network.
Who's the main-stream?
Suckers!
You know, good God!
Get your head out of your...
That's like the people calling each other sheeple,
or, you know,
oh, that person's just not woke.
I hate crap like that!
They're just put-downs for somebody who's just
practically saying to you
you just don't like their approach.
You know, woke, what does that mean?
Oh, awakened, enlightened,
according to me and my friends
who sit around reminding each other all the time
that we believe all the right things.
There's nothing wrong with that,
unless that's all you ever do.
You know, I mean, go ahead and light a candle
for those poor people in the concentration camps
on the border,
but are you sure that's the best place
to light that candle?
Isn't there a little more than just, you know,
saying, look, I'm on the good guy's side?
No, no, not unless you actually get off your ass.
But first, Bob's first rule of magic,
get off your ass.
Absolutely the basic.
Magic is real if you follow Bob's rules.
Get off your ass.
Watch your ass.
Wash your ass.
Your ass.
I actually got that one from Red Fox.
Anyway, you know what I'm saying.
It's not all face-f***ing buzzards
and feral rednecks
in the rural lands.
And the things that they keep telling me
that liberals say,
I've actually almost never heard anyone say,
except those right-wingers
saying what liberals say.
Don't believe anything
you see or hear or read.
Wait a minute, that's not very hopeful.
But here's what is hopeful.
Stereotypes are evil.
Stereotypes are the dumbest thing in the world.
And that whole thing about duality,
it's a lie.
Why not both?
Why not all three, four, five, or six?
You know, I mean, there's room for everything, obviously.
And except for, you know,
taking away other folks' slack.
There's not really room for that.
But that's the, you know,
we're not PC, either,
by either definition.
If we think something's stupid,
we'll just come out and say it's stupid.
As Bob said, though,
but we're only hurting the feelings of idiots.
That could include, I mean,
idiots?
Isn't that, I mean, that's an ugly term.
Morons.
We prefer subgenius.
It's much more politically correct
and empowering, you know.
But yeah.
Sheeple is what sheeple call sheep.
Hipster is what hipsters call hipsters they don't like.
And woke is what sleepwalkers call themselves.
Otherwise, they would know better than to brag like that.
If you have to tell the world
that you're a stable genius,
you're probably an unstable moron.
And I've heard this said so many times.
Trump is a weak man's idea of a strong man,
a dumb man's idea of a smart man,
and a poor man's idea of a rich man.
And that all kind of sums it up.
For me, it's kind of a cartoon,
as he said,
but I'm president and you're not.
Uh,
people take things at face value.
But they pick the wrong face.
Oh, there's supposed to be the right face.
It's supposed to be up there,
but it's too bright.
The fish face!
It's a face-based religion, my friends.
We are here to, uh,
well, anyway.
I'll get to a real rant now.
It's hard for me to write a proper pissed-off rant
because I actually did achieve slack.
Relatively.
I've got it pretty good.
I started out this rant complaining about my
rheumatism and everything,
but actually, I'm still alive.
And I got old, but not bitter.
I'm not really that crotchety about things.
Unless, you know,
my back hurts.
But the younger kids are,
still have that fire in their bellies.
And this is a rant,
I'm going to end this with this rant,
by Reverend Baby Bear,
who is a young woman,
I think she's still in Columbus, Ohio,
somewhere.
And, uh,
she was going to deliver this
at that Winter Star Ball
that our friend A.J. died at.
And she got there ready to deliver a comedy thing,
and man, it was not the place to do a comedy thing.
But A.J. would,
always wanted to hear that rant too.
So hopefully he is listening in.
And maybe Dr., my friend Dr. Leguim is,
and Dr. Dark and Heath.
It's been a really bad, really bad year.
The, uh, men from Planet X have been coming every year,
but they, they just take a few of us,
or they take pieces of us.
Like my immune system,
my morals, my, uh, energy.
Okay, anyway, Baby Bear rant.
Listen up, you yetis.
I've got a subgenius bone to pick with you.
How many of you are paying attention?
How many of you can actually put down the fork,
or the controller, or the remote,
or the computer mouse for five dobs-forsaken minutes
and listen?
How many of you can scream?
Can you hear me scream?
If not, you certainly aren't paying enough attention.
You couldn't possibly be paying enough attention
to your surroundings
if you aren't on the verge of screaming
every second spent in this modern,
blasphemous cacophony of anti-slack.
We are trapped in the damn bizarro subgenius world.
Isn't it obvious?
Doesn't it seem a little too perfectly aligned against us,
as if it was all created to be the oil to our water,
the kryptonite to our Superman,
the stiletto heel to our waterbed?
If it doesn't seem that way,
then you haven't been paying any attention.
But you're in luck,
because Bob doesn't care that you pay attention.
He only cares that you pay your money.
But is that really enough?
Thirty-five dollars once to the foundation,
subgenius foundation,
for a lifetime's worth of art and music and bulldada?
Like any good salesman,
Bob included some fine print in his contract.
Sure, thirty-five will get you a seat
in the nosebleeds of the saucers
and your own little rinky-dink planet.
No pick-up service included,
supplies are limited, act now, then wait for X day.
But is that really all you want out of life?
To be a spectator, to be a looky-loo,
to rubber-neck the bounties of life
from the comfort of your armchair,
to soak up the effort and creativity
of other yetis like a sponge,
like I'm doing now?
Is that really going to bring you down?
Then you slap.
Ain't no one ever died wishing they'd have tried less.
No one ever died regretting how much fun they had,
unless maybe that fun killed them,
and if so, Bob speed to them.
There's no shame in living yourself to death,
but in order to do that,
you have to get up and live.
This ain't no Sunday church picnic,
and it ain't the damn buffet line.
We don't want to get your asses
in the pews.
We want them jumping out of the pews.
There certainly ain't no stadium seating,
cushioned chairs, and no damn VIP section.
This is the religious pit,
and we don't need permission to mosh our asses off.
We are the demonstrably monstrous.
We are the incredibly incredulous.
We are a pack of vehement behemoths.
Our fervor leaves them out in the cold,
but only until X-Day,
when we put the heat back out on them.
We want you out of your seat.
We want to see you live and die on your feet.
So you know the drill.
X-Day's a-comin'.
So get off your ass and show you're worth something.
Praise Bob.
Praise Reverend Baby Bear for saying that wonderful rant.
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah.
Or writing it.
And I guess now it's a Q&A.
I skipped over the part that I usually do
where I read from the Starwood guidebook
and make fun of all the corny or interesting
or funny workshop names out of context,
but they weren't really all that outrageous this time.
There were some pretty funny ones,
but I left them in my briefcase.
Well, I think another dev said,
Gene,
Professor Chaz started saying,
you know,
are we really going to sit around and wait for aliens
to give us a whole new planet?
No, not really.
We're already on a spaceship.
Let's just swab the decks of the one we're on,
keep it ship-shaped,
build your own ship,
mow your damn lawn before you tell somebody else
what to plant in their garden,
you know,
and praise Bob.
And mind your own business or we'll kill you.
And we all get to go to that bonfire tonight.
So that's pretty slapful.
I no longer carry those torches.
I used to be in part of the parade.
The one time they let me and Princess Weed lead it,
we went the wrong way.
But it turned out to be the right way
because the original right way was so muddy,
everybody would have died.
So, yeah, our accident, as often happens,
turned out to be good luck for everybody.
So, but we won't be around to save you this time.
I won't.
She will.
No, there's got to be questions.
Of some kind.
Maybe not.
How are your disorders on secret power?
Okay, now, I really am deaf,
so somebody's going to have to translate that down the...
How are your disorders on secret power?
Oh, oh, that's right.
Oh, you must have read the...
The Indian program book.
That's right.
Where did I...
How did I skip over that?
That's odd.
Oh, yeah, there it is.
Yeah, the conspiracy, the normals,
they try to put you down
because of your superpowers.
But, you know, some of us know how the X-Men feel.
We may not have very valuable powers.
You know, they may be pretty half-assed powers,
like the power to send a fax just using your voice.
My daughter could do that.
Or the power to go...
I have obsessive-compulsive talent, I think.
I mean, it certainly has helped my job situation over the years.
I actually kind of like doing mindless,
either manual or mental labor,
as long as it's tedious and repetitive enough.
Thank goodness.
Some people go crazy from having to do that.
Well, it's my...
It's...
Yeah, the conspiracy could say I'm on a spectrum or something,
some spectrum or another.
Yeah, it's my superpower.
I can concentrate better than the rest of the dumbasses.
I can keep working when there's a baby squalling.
Oh, no, that's my baby.
Shit.
I never should have left it on the oven.
We have a friend who's on some spectrum,
and he can't talk, really.
He can get his needs across with certain grunts that we can translate.
And he spends a lot of time moving his head like this,
which is his way of getting high, I think.
I don't know what his power is good for,
but I think he's got a lot of power.

But it's got to be good for something.
He can arrange remote controls in certain specific orders
that no one understands.
It's not by size or color,
but they have to be exactly that way.
Sooner or later, we're going to get some message from aliens
in crop circles or I don't know what.
He'll be able to translate it.
Maybe.
Maybe that's his...
That's the only thing he can do.
That and fold boxes.
You know, it's all...
Don't let him tell you that it's a mental illness.
There are such things,
but you'll know those when you see them.
They're not fun.
They're not funny at all.
Crazy isn't just eccentric.
And...
Yeah, any other questions?
Well, come on.
Something about Santa Claus?
Uh...
Ghosts?
What color are your underwears?
What color are my underwear?
Yes.
Which one?
I've got three.
The one closest to your man flesh.
I think it's green.
But it didn't start out that way.
Earlier this week, I think it was white.
So, you know, that's a...
Why not both?
It's green and white?
It's this duality thing.
It's just stupid.
So, are you saying that subgenius should have trinity for underwears?
Do we all need the outer, the inner, and the in-between?
No one cares about any subgenius' underwear except the subgenius who has to sleep with
that one.
So, in closing, when will the subgenius foundation be releasing a line of underwear that is












of lingerie.
Oh, when we get a little bit more successful.
Actually, we do have underwear.
If you look at our
Cafe Press store, which is
different from the store
there,
there are, in fact,
dainties and
lingerie
that are either for the Bob
or the Connie of the family.
Or both. Why not both?
Bob can wear a Connie. Connie can wear a Bob.
A lot of them do it that way.
I quit
trying to understand other
subgeniuses a long time ago.
I just had got to
accept them the way they are.
I may dislike them and avoid them,
but still, I'm not going to try to understand
them. That's pointless.
It's
actually a fun little
club to be in.
A lot of us met our
true Yeti mate.
Either in subgenius or
because I was coming to Starwood.
There's been a lot of
miscegenations and
matings between pagans and
subgeniuses and crossover.
And the children, oh my god,
they're so weird. Their eyes
glow and they can make you
do anything they want you to do.
Yeah.
I've got three grandsons now.
So,
there'll be more. There will be more of them.
We had to
replace some stangs.
But the kids are doing a good job
at that.
So, friends,
we'll see you at the bonfire.
Whatever happened to that
pony?
Are they giving free rides on that
poor...
Oh, good. I feel so sorry
for those beasts of burden.
All I want to do is get back
to my dogs. I haven't seen my dogs
in two weeks. That's all I can really think
about.
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow night.
Friends, thank you very much for coming.
what's the band tonight?
Daddy Longlegs?
Gypsy Funk Squad.
Oh, they were here last year, right?
I missed them.
No? Well, I don't know.
Yeah, last year was a crappy Star Wars.
Stan wasn't here.
Hmm.
And a magic show by Will Bradshaw.
So, yeah, I got to clear off of here.
Oh, by the way,
even though we're permanently
moving to that little ranch in Texas
with goats.
A lot of goats.
Despite that,
I'm storing this pulpit
right here at Wisteria.
And our other decorations
are all being stored
permanently for the first year
here, because I'm not planning
to use this damn thing anywhere else.
But we'll be...
We'll be here every X day
and every Starwood, I'm sure.
One way or another.
So, thank you.
Well, we don't have any choice
with Starwood,
because you and Joe swore
to Jeff Rosenbaum
that it would keep going.
So, you don't have any choice.
I just hope it doesn't
keep losing money.
Because now I'm financially liable.
How did that happen?
I'm the skeptic.
I'm the one who doesn't believe
in magic or ESP or any of that crap.
And I'm married to it.
How did Bob
trick me that way?
Why didn't my friends warn me?
Okay.
Enough is enough.
Praise Bob.
Let there be slag.
Slag.
Thank you, Starwood.
This July, it'll be a virtual Starwood
with performances and workshops
streamed on video.
And X Day 23
will be like that, too.
Stay tuned using the
subgenius.com events page.
Oh, and the box of hundreds of T-shirts
and bandanas should be here soon.
And then, boy, howdy,
do I have my slack work cut out for me.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Now, the county health department
says it's seeing the highest air quality
readings it's ever recorded.
For people who are vulnerable.
Vulnerable people include pregnant children
and anyone over age five.
A Denver court has heard from the turkey.
She testified that she
groped a former turkey,
grabbing her and lifting her turkey skirt.
This turkey says
it is unclear whether German turkeys
are strained, and Germany has warned its
citizens about turkeys after a German
turkey was arrested last month.
In Berlin.
The Dow is 2198, 25,
22, 2126.
The turkey says
this is PR news.
