The Subgenius Hour of Slack
And this Hour of Slack number 1018 will be a rerun of Hour of Slack number 593 from April 5th, 1997.
The Heaven's Gate Show, by popular request.
Yes, friends, in 1997, members of the rival UFO kook cult known as Heaven's Gate all committed suicide at their big California ranch house.
Because they thought that would get them on the saucers quicker.
As you'll hear, we and Reverend Susie the Floozy and Papa Joe Mama jumped on it.
And if you're too young to remember it, this will be a great history lesson.
And an especially important one to Subgenii.
Now proper time has come for massive change.
Oh, ring, ring, ring, drop.
Yes, you will now, oh, you will now.
Oh, ring, ring, ring, drop.
I don't know how you came by this record, but you are now embarked upon a journey that must certainly lead you to change your life.
Forever.
If you were never a special person, you are a special person now.
Hello, seeker.
Now don't feel alone here in the new age, because there's a seeker born every minute.
Yes, I'm Dr. Happy Harry Cox.
And call me happy because I am.
Because you're listening to another in a series of my mind-breaking records.
Subgenius.
Hour of Slack.
An hour? I can't wait another hour. What's keeping that stupid comet?
There it is.
This is a very exciting time for us.
Who is us?
I'm Doe, for starters.
Doe!
No, no, no, we said wait for the comet.
Hail Bob.
Do not shed your containers until X-Day.
Stay in your containers.
Stay in your containers until 7 AM July 5th, 1998.
That is all.
I was right about the comet. Get them and see why.
What's everyone so worked up about?
So there's a comet. Big deal.
It'll burn up in our atmosphere and what's ever left will be no bigger than a chihuahua's head.
When the sun set and the earth lay dark in the depth of night,
primitive man gazed into the firmament.
And wondered with awe of what the heavens contained.
Countless points of light dazzled his mind with godly grace.
And yet, what light kindles these illumined torches?
Fires kept burning by an all-powerful deity?
Bob's light.
Then, as the earth revolves about the sun,
she became focused to a visitor's ship.
A traveling star.
That's watch out.
Voyaging from a planet called Lemuria.
Eleven astronauts came as cosmic messengers.
.
Hitted by the one yur territories.
To enlighten the Earthman of his destiny
and awaken within him
the wonders of the universe.
We're doomed!
It's times like this I wish I were a religious man.
It's all over people.
We don't have a plan.
prayer.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Go back out of the holodeck to reality, to be with the other members on the craft.
Oh, my God.
Space aliens.
Don't eat me.
I have a wife and kids.
Eat them.
Silence.
We are travelers from a certain nearby ringed planet whose name we prefer not to mention.
My name is Kang, and this is my sister, Kodos.
Hello.
I suppose you want to probe me.
Well, might as well get it over with.
Fiddling needles in my belly.
Deep slants of my skin.
I don't care as long as I can live with saucer man.
I know that you don't take requests, but I'm a special piece.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Stop.
We have reached the limits of what rectal probing can teach us.
This is a mission of conquest.
Take us to your leader.
Sickening.
It's shocking.
I think it's important that we get as many facts as we can.
About this.
And try to determine what in fact motivated those people.
And what all of us can do to make sure that there aren't other people thinking in that same way out there in our country.
That aren't so isolated that they can create a world for themselves that may justify that kind of thing.
It's very troubling to me.
That's slick Willy for you.
Always with the smooth talk.
Take the little package of pudding, eat a couple of teaspoons to make room to put the medicine in and stir it.
And release the fats.
And then eat it quickly, drink this vodka mixture, which they apparently had mixed up, and then lay back and rest quietly.
There's a lot of speculation out there regarding other groups, similar groups that do similar acts.
We can't tie those in at this point.
What?
As the investigation proceeded, we developed new information.
We were running.
We didn't have that information available to us at the time.
So now we want to go back and close those doors.
Are you here doing real work?
This gentleman here in the gray shirt.
Yeah.
What's your...
The castrations that you're referring to, can you tell us if they're recent or...
That's what we're doing.
Wasn't so genius.
The question was about the castrations, how recent they are or how old they are.
Hey, I have nothing to do with that.
Every one of the cult members said goodbye on that take.
To their donuts.
They were in a good mood and very enthusiastic about what they described to be the next phase of their eternal lives.
And Sokka says that the group apparently believed that a UFO was hidden behind a Hale-Bopp comet,
and that it was coming to Earth to deliver them to Heaven.
Try to take the time to look at the information that T&O has brought that has been presented to you.
We know the media is going to do a hatchet job on us in the same way they do a hatchet job on practically every subject.
If the humans were told the truth about us, we would be in trouble.
If they knew what was going on on this planet, they'd be shocked.
And wouldn't continue in their 8 to 5 slavery and ignorance.
And I think I probably covered that point well enough.
Again, these here are the most incredible individuals that I have the honor to spend time with.
And not just anyone could join.
We want people who are going to be totally dedicated to this thing.
You've got to give up.
Whatever it is you're into, your job, your family, sell your house, whatever you have to do, just come on with us.
And there were a few people in Dallas that were seriously thinking about going with them.
They just made it sound so good it was going to be like going to Heaven or something.
Thanks, we agree.
And I hope this is not the case, but remember with the Order of the Solar Temple,
this was done simultaneously in Canada and in Switzerland.
So I'm hoping that they're not going to discover.
A house in Arizona and in New Mexico where people have undergone the same sort of thing.
Let's go now to Kurt who joins us on the line from Tallahassee.
Yes, my head is reeling from the news of this.
This is the second incredible coincidence dealing with this other computer linked cult,
which seem to be in some sort of rivalry with this higher source.
And what is that other cult?
I think it's called like the subgenius or something.
And it has these incredible web pages.
I mean just page after page.
And they take on these Christian-based cults, especially the ones that have homepages.
And we're predicting that in their religion there's going to be like a UFO invasion in 1998 in July or something.
And they were predicting that there would be this comet that would come by a year before called Hail Bob.
And I read about this almost a half a year ago before this comet was even discovered that it wasn't called Hail Bob.
I guess this is the same comet.
They call it Hail Bob.
Well, it's named after the two people who discovered it.
Yes, I know.
And it was spelled differently.
But it was kind of close.
And when I first saw that coincidence, I thought, boy, that's kind of funny because, you know, they said Hail Bob and this is called Hail Bob.
What was the name of that group?
Well, it was called the subgenius something or another, the Church of the Subgenius or something like that.
And they predicted that when this comet would come by, it would prove to the other Christian-based religions that a year later the actual UFOs would land.
And they predicted that these comets would come by.
And they warned these other cults that they should just kill themselves before it happens because they were going to be enslaved or tortured if they waited until the actual landings.
And I thought, you know, when I drove in, because I remember this higher source was one of the cults that was specifically taunted about this.
And when I heard this title, I went, holy cow, I mean, I can't believe that they would have actually taken their advice because, you know, that Hail Bob and Hail Bopp is, it wasn't exactly what they said it would be.
Mm-hmm.
And it was obviously close.
Yeah.
Turned the piece upside down, kind of like a bob.
You have to be careful because the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah.
Not a real group.
Well, they've got a tremendous website.
Hold on, Curt, one at a time.
Please.
The Church of the Subgenius is an elaborate parody on religion that's been put together by some very creative people in the science fiction community.
Well, then I had also heard, too, but I had also heard that this was kind of, that was sort of the facade that they did so that nobody got after them.
So that's how it is now.





Because they've just got, if you go to the West...
Kurt, can you hold on just a second, please?
Sure.
All right.
Let's go quickly to James in San Antonio, Texas.
Let's get off of that subgenius stuff.
James. Hi.
Yeah. Church of the Subgenius.
I just wanted to speak to the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah.
That's not a cult. That's a joke.
I'm aware of that.
Oh, okay.
It's got a very funny-faced man who fronts all of their stuff.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs, yeah.
No, they're no threat to anybody, I mean, except for people who hold...
And that might indeed be the reason it was Hail Bob?
Right, exactly.
Uh-huh. Okay.
Sure.
Thanks very much.
Sure. Bye.
Okay. Appreciate it.
Let's move on now to...
Oh, yes. They always want to move on.
Harry, who joins us from Columbus, Ohio.
Yes. Harry.
Well, as a matter of fact, this news report, not exactly just in.
You'll forgive us for being a couple of weeks behind the conspiracy news, dear friends.
But it ends...
And the fact that we don't have a...
Well...
The San Diego County District Attorney's Office refused to confirm or deny rumors
that poison gas canisters traced to Texas had been found at the scene of yesterday's Rancho Santa Fe mass suicide.
Sources close to the investigation indicated that pressure tanks labeled, quote,
Church Air, unquote, had been found in the mansion where 39 young computer programmers,
apparently committed suicide.
One tank was reported to have a shipping tag with a Texas return address.
There were also unconfirmed reports of a handwritten note attached to the canisters.
A neighbor who asked not to be identified said that the young men and women who lived in the seven-bedroom house
addressed each other as bobbies and spent many hours each day hooked up to the Internet.
I think that's where they got all these crazy ideas, another resident of the upscale neighborhood.
Sometimes they said their leader was a guy named Robert J. Dobbings
and that he was in Southeast Asia or Malaysia or someplace,
but then other times they stated he had been assassinated by some guy from Texas.
The neighbors also said that the bobbies claimed to have evidence of a vast conspiracy
involving huge corporations and the federal government.
They talked a lot about something they called the con,
but then they also...
talked about a small group of old guys in Arkansas and Texas
who they claimed had tried to take over the church.
They were always saying about how they had to rescue the church
from some guy named Irwin Strong, the neighbors said.
These bobbies figured that since this Strong or Strang guy was so old and feeble
that they could just shove him out of the way and take over this nut cult
that he apparently runs out of some foundation in Fort Worth.
A source close to the investigation said,
Looks like their plans may have hit a snag.
Law enforcement officials would not confirm that they were investigating
a post office box address in Fort Worth, Texas,
thought to be hometown of Irwin Strong.
The note attached to the gas canisters said in part,
quote,
have some real slack, boys and girls, unquote,
and is thought by investigators to have been written in a code
devised by the police.
By the cult.
And, well, I guess, eh, we just may have to see what happens
and what comes of all of this, don't you think, dear friends?
I think they're just beginning, possibly, to catch on.
They like to think.
Anyway, I sure hope all of this is working all right
because, friends, we're working on new tape decks
donated by Sister Friday Jones.
We're ranting on new microphones and...
You can imagine, you can imagine,
we've been slamming Heaven's Gate, dear friends.
Ah, yes, we've been...
Them all, them kids, them subgeniuses,
are out there swinging on that gate to Heaven again
and they're gonna throw that thing off its hinges
and nobody's gonna be able to get through it
and hell will fill up with the...
and the dead will walk the earth and all that.
Okay?
Dang them subgeniuses.
Uh, yes.
Yes.
And dang them.
Dang them subgeniuses, indeed.
We're probably banged already.
Um, but I should give some credits here, dear friends.
Uh, we have been listening to...
Actually, I should say that this hour of Slack
is produced by, uh, yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang
and also Sister Susie the Floozy
of Bob's Slacktime Funhouse in WREK Atlanta.
The beautiful and voluptuous Sister Susie the Floozy
who actually does look about the way
you would think, uh, colla...
did most of that amazing collage that we've been hearing
and we will hear plenty more of it, dear friends.
Be... you can be sure of that, uh,
from her, uh, show on WREK in Atlanta.
Praise Atlanta.
We're gonna be doing a show in Atlanta May 10th.
I'll give you these instructions on that later on.
We're all gonna quench suicide,
drink vodka, take the bat pudding antidote,
and it's gonna be great, man!
But what we've been listening to,
aside from, uh, the collage from Susie
and, uh, a little bit of...
stuff I recorded,
the stuff I recorded, friends,
happened to feature...
Well, uh, at one point you heard
Reverend Emot Zipold of Cosmic Triad,
who you hear him playing in the back.
We'll hear more of...
He was interviewed.
He's a subgenius minister here.
Was interviewed by local news
because he had had some involvement
with that other cult, the rival cult.
And the call to, uh, talk to the nation,
I believe it is.
It's an NPR talk show,
very stuffed shirt, sort of clueless bunch.
Um, we had a lot of...
A lot of people called us up,
emailed us about that.
Oh, there was this pink boy.
It was all concern.
Friends, that was...
You, our Slack listeners,
will of course recognize the voice
of Father Joe Mama,
uh, a great, great prankster.
And yes, it is sad and tragic
and everything what happened
to those... those people.
But, you know, I think it's time for me...
Let's just go into the comparisons here.
I'll pull this background music.
I'll pull this background music down
to a soft rug.
It's my...
See, I don't have any...
I'm like a crazy little cult member here.
I don't have an engineer working with me.
Praise Bob.
But let's take a look at this.
Coincidence or conspiracy?
Heaven's Gate?
A cult full of computer geeks on the Internet.
Subgenius?
Cult full of computer geeks.
On the Internet.
Heaven's Gate?
Been around since the 70s.
Subgenius?
Been around since the 70s.
Heaven's Gate?
39 gaily bedecked dead weirdos
with bad haircuts.
Subgenius?
39,000 gaily bedecked live weirdos
with bad haircuts.
Heaven's Gate?
Follows Doe,
aka, quote, Boe, unquote.
Subgenius?
Follow Dobbs,
aka, quote, Bob.
unquote.
Name rival cult.
His age is too lazy to add them extra letters
on the end of the cult leader names.
Heaven's Gate worships
Mysterious Peep.
Subgenius worships
Mysterious Pee.
Heaven's Gate?
No slack.
Subgenius?
On slack.
Heaven's Gate?
No drugs.
Subgenius?
On drugs.
Heaven's Gate?
No sex.
Subgenius?
Bonobo sex.
Heaven's Gate?
Believes that aliens will save them.
Subgenius?
Believes that aliens will save them and destroy everyone else.
Heaven's Gate?
Cult compound.
Reeks.
Subgenius?
Cult compound.
Reeks.
Heaven's Gate?
Started in Texas by Texans.
Subgenius?
Started in Texas by Texans.
Heaven's Gate?
Designs websites for money.
Chants gibberish for slack.
Subgenius?
Designs websites for slack.
Chants gibberish for money.
Heaven's Gate?
Considered smartphones.
Havens Gate?
Address field pas de ftal.
Includes sites for discounts.
Heaven's Gate?


Heaven's Gate?
Abusing circuits.
Designers paradise?
Editors out.



Music for fun and music to singLaBoke!

If present, there is music, music for the metacritic.

Things are a little messy.
administered to alchemy like they have still been.
whoops
Heaven's Gate left clear evidence for police
subgenius in our case puzzling evidence
left for the police
Heaven's Gate 39 people were involved
in the entire cult suicide
in the church of the subgenius only 39
bothered to wake up for the cult suicide
drill in one place
Heaven's Gate stole a great list of keywords
from the Zeta Reticulin website and so did we
we had that same great list of keywords
had them there for a year
friends for all this time we've been sapping off
anybody who would be lured to the Heaven's Gate site
this is during the last year
we had the same keywords they had equal chance
of landing on the subgenius website
have you heard about any subgeniuses killing themselves
ok
ok


I'm not sure if you've heard that
in the open Heaven's Gate the leader says he's Jesus
well I got news for those stupid cultists
our business manager actually is Jesus
the Heaven's Gate people call Pink's Norms and we call Norms Pink's
in both Heaven's Gate and in subgenius
Reverend Emot Ziphole appeared on sleazy local news reports about the cult
now how can that be hmm
Heaven's Gate people want to become greys
subgeniuses want to enslave the greys
Heaven's Gate website's VRML doesn't work and neither does ours
Heaven's Gate and the Church of the Subgenius are both hilariously funny
and are both deadly serious
Heaven's Gate followers ingest deadly poisonous pudding in order to die
subgeniuses endure deadly poisonous face raping bat
sperm from hideous barbed plunge down their throats in order to ingest the bat sperm antidote pudding
and get high
Heaven's Gate shed their containers to board T's cruise ship
subgeniuses free others from their meat shells in order to buy our own ways onto the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
Heaven's Gate includes many eunuch
book programmers subgenius includes many eunuchs programmers
Heaven's Gate changes addresses and names constantly
The Church of the Subgenius
P.O. Box
181417 Cleveland Heights Ohio 44 118
Heaven's Gate male cultists have only one
penis
subgenius female cultists has only one penis sub images 하나


cultists have multiple
peni just
in their collections.
Heaven's Gate
refers to a
Father John.
Subgenius Gate
refers to Father John
R. Hyperclot.
Heaven's Gate,
total overcomers.
And Church of the Subgenius,
overman
comers.
Yes, dear friends,
and we're going to fly
away to the escape vessels of the
Sun's Goddesses, but friends, we are
not like those poor
cult zombies. I mean,
not really. I mean, sure, we call
the pinks, they call the pinks norms
just like we do, although I bet
in private they probably said normworms
or something more derogatory.
And they talked
about casting off the meat shell,
but they only took parts...
Huh? Oh, goodbye.
Goodbye, there went the last
of the... But now,
friends, I guess they found out
the hard way what we've
been trying to tell people all this time,
which is that the greys
are not your friends.
I'm sorry,
the greys are not your friends.
Dobbs predicted that this comment would prove
that alien attackers were in
route to enslave all the
non-believers who should indeed
kill themselves to escape gruesome
torture, and of course this
so-called higher source was
specifically mentioned in the prediction.
But these
geniuses, they
thought they
were going to get to become
greys. They actually wanted
to become greys. Friends, that's like wanting to become
a bug.
Now, seriously,
if
at the X-Day drill
this July 5th, 1997,
if we suggest
that everybody, oh,
lay down in a
sort of a giant star pattern
on the field and put these
cloths over your heads
and, you know, just take a nap,
don't worry and don't get all excited
if you hear strange noises. We're probably just
filming one of those funny, fake,
you know, Bobby's
execution scenes like we did
last year at the drill for the
7... We like to send that footage to the
700 Club and just freak them out.
You know, that's all we're trying to do, friends.
But I'll tell you, I will, I must
admit, when Jesus first heard
the news on the radio
about a mass suicide of a house
full of cult members, all male, all
dressed alike, working at
computers in rows,
with a website full of aliens
and flying saucers,
Jesus had his fingers crossed, friends,
that it was subgenius
as he really did. He was praying
to his father, which, believe me,
he rarely does, that when they
lifted those purple shrouds in front
of the TV cameras,
that they'd find everybody wearing
a Dobbshead
t-shirt.
Now, friends, certainly
death is tragic,
and I certainly wouldn't want to make
fun of those dumbasses if somebody else
had done it to them, but one must consider
the good riddance factor.
You'd have to be a pretty
spoiled, self-centered jerk to begin
with to feel so vastly superior
to everyone else
that you'd even start to fall
for this. You are a...
a mistreated
god line of
crap.
Present company excluded,
of course.
Oh, oh, oh, oh,
and before I go on any farther, and we actually will get
quite serious about this presently,
friends, I have to play...
Is there time at the end of this side?
Perhaps? Jehovah Hates
Fred, in their cover version of that
great old Denslow song, Take Me
Off to Space.
Yes, thank you.
Take needles in my
belly, take samples of my
skin. I don't care
so long as I can live with Saucerman.
I know that you don't
take quests, but I'm a special
case. So come on down,
you Saucerman, and take me off
to space. Take me off
to space. Take me off
to space. Come on down,
you Saucerman, and take me off
to space. Take me off
to space. Take me off
to space. Come on down,
you Saucerman, and take me off
to space. Take cattle, you
gladers, let me join
your crew. Give me a knife,
you bet your life, I'll cut up cows
for you. I don't care
if you're some kind of fiend without
a face. So come on down,
you Saucerman, and take me off
to space. Take me off
to space. Take me off
to space. Come on down,
you Saucerman, and take me off
to space. Take me off
to space. Take me off
to space. Come on down,
you Saucerman, and take me off
to space. Down, you tiny
robots with your little nipper
claws. You pale and bug-eyed
aliens with wide and plenty
paws. Life is just
a sucker's dream and death is
a disgrace. So come on down,
you Saucerman, and take me off
to space. Oh, take me off
to space. Take me off
to space. Come on down,
you Saucerman, and take me off
to space. Yeah! Take me off
to space. Take me off
to space. Come on down,
you Saucerman, and take me off
to space.
Woo! Woo-hoo!
Yeah!
Woo!
Woo-hoo! Yeah!
Oh, man!
Superior mutants.
Repent. Quit your
job. Black off.
We might not be
a joke, but it's
a joke.
Sеци Whyde.
Sระ, ¿ relação
ista ph única?
Sρέ, h 있지 cách
J strange.
You're
waiting.
It's all
for a
minute!

waiting?
For


Whoa!

S buscar
a


E
share
me
go
the
Yeah, but there's been...
In honor of our dearly departed 39 brothers and sisters,
although not members of the subgenius,
for if they were members, they would know what dumbasses they really were.
No, Doug Wellman, I don't know what he is right now.
We don't object to what they've done.
We think they've just done it a little early.
We believe that the space vessels of the sex goddesses
will return to this earth July 5th, 1998, 7 a.m.
What do they look like?
No, you do not have to leave your flesh vessel.
The spaceships will pick you up in your entirety.
Leave the plastic bags at home.
Yeah.
Please, no video cameras.
They will be destroyed.
Athletics.
Outdoor.
Take them to your car.
No audio gates.
I can tell you how much you look like.
There's a waffy there.
No, but we're going to sweep.
A priceless.
It will sweep across the earth at 7 a.m.,
which is great for us because we can watch a destruction on television.
Where's my purchase ticket?
Will Bob be there?
I'm the prince of truth.
Will the Bob be there?
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Tickets are for sale.
That's around my shirt.

Thank you.
Am I getting royalties on that?
No.
Um, actually, yeah, it's in the mail.
Oh, thank you.
I've been waiting for that royalty check for all the Jesus paraphernalia for a long time.
We're listening to Jesus' sermon to the line at the Survival Research Laboratory show in Austin last weekend.
Three cult members, by the way, had done SRL's website and were actually killed in the Survival Research Labs show.
And we're going to get a copy of that.
Thank you Bob Dobbs.
Thanks you Bob.
We're going to get this idea.
That's kind of best known, and it has to be this year.

I'm going to know.
So, we want to know how we're going to do it.
We they said before we request you to review a new version of the movie.
Uh, Chris Dillard in the epキ Olympicvinacera.
pillar, not blood essay in there already, not a conveyor belt, not remember's love symbol,
so, um, that was Blake.


Uh, it's pretty fun.

Did you watch our first movie?
They got a little string and I'm a little sad about theirumbs.
Oh, ha ha.
And it has always been the mission of Bob's Church to get you to the punchline alive.
And we don't mean the Jonestown punchline.
You know, sure, we're waiting for the saucers too.
But as Dr. Lakew put it, we're happy to wait at the corner for the bus with our corners in our pockets.
We don't feel we have to jump out into the path of the oncoming bus.
And, you know, sure, we'll shed our containers in 450-some-odd days.
But when the pigs find our meat shells, it'll be more like the 39,000 bodies were all wearing Timex wristwatches,
Reebok's shoes, Levi's jeans.
Each had an unopened back of camel-like cigarettes and was clutching an empty Dr. Pepper can.
Dr. Grabow pipes were clad.
They were clenched in each dead jaw.
And Smith & Wesson revolvers had to be pried out of all their cold, dead fingers.
Uh, yes, friends, it's true.
We do, we do indeed make fun.
But what I want to talk about right this minute, before we go back to the funny stuff,
I want to talk about the cult that makes Heaven's Gate look harmless.
And I ain't talking about Church of the Subgenius.
Because more disgusting...
than mockers like me,
or dumbasses like the Heaven's Gate people,
are the pompous, pious, pink pundits
that are oozing out of every op-ed page and talk show,
indulging in a veritable orgy of self-congratulation about how sane and normal they are,
and their good religion.
Now, the really hip ones go,
Well, no.
Some will blame me.
Some will blame the Internet.
But I'm too cool to blame the Internet.
I... I'm on AOL now.
Uh, but of course the real cause is the breakdown of family values.
Blah, blah, woof, woof.
And the biggest difference between Heaven's Gate and mainstream Christianity, friends,
is that the Heaven's Gate people never tried to brainwash my kids.
They stayed out of my face.
If you were interested, you could look them up on the web.
The Heaven's Gate people didn't feel they had to take over a dozen radio and TV stations here in Dallas alone.
They didn't have to have entire cable networks devoted to their particular superstition.
So they shunned sex.
Millions of Christians, called nuns, priests, and losers, are the same way.
And so 39 of them killed themselves.
At least they didn't kill millions of non-believers, burn all them witches, torture free thinkers, and so forth and so on.
So the cultists think some spaceship full of gods is gonna come save them.
Well, Christians, Jews, Muslims, and just about everybody else believes in an invisible monster
that will help you out if you kiss its almighty invisible butt.
And why do they believe all this?
Why?
Because they read it in a book, or some really sincere person told them all about it.
And just listen to these pinks drone on and on and on, worse than I'm doing now,
about those poor, deluded cultists, as if they themselves were somehow any different.
Now, I'm not talking about Christian nuts like Bob Larson and Jerry Falwell.
I mean, you expect it from clowns like them.
I hardly need to comment on the...
on Pat Robertson sitting there on the 700 Club playing with little pumpkins
and talking about how silly those cultists are.
I'm talking about your standard, everyday, middle-of-the-road commentator,
your letters to the editor-writer, your average, good American, God-fearing, religious hypocrite.
They are every jot and tittle
as vain and silly as Doe and his followers
and have caused infinitely more trouble.
And now I have to put up with listening to their condescending garbage
every time I check the news.
While all it boils down to is this.
See, my invisible monster's bigger than your invisible monster.
Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.
My invisible monster didn't kill me.
He's a good invisible monster.
And all the rest of us normal people, we all believe in the same invisible monster.
Nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh, nyeh.
Friends, the cultists make me sick.
But the normals make me sicker.
And as screwed up as those Heaven's Gate idiots were,
oft-times, I think I'd rather be a dead weirdo than a live normal.
Praise Herf.
And I've said my piece there.
Let's go to Suzy the Floozy's incredible, incredible show.
I have to remember to put Dolby on for this.
Take it off of Chrome.
Okay, let's see.
Yeah!
Oh, hey, seeker.
Is that a five dollar bill and a roll of quarters in your pocket?
Or are you just happy to see me?
Hello.
I'm that starry-eyed little smartass irreverent Suzy the Floozy.
And let me point out that I am not from that particular deranged saucer cult that you think.
No.
I and Bob Slacktime Funhouse here represent J.R. Bob Dobbs and his Church of the Sub-Tunes.
Make a note of it.
Please make a note of it.
Oh, because it's getting to where you'll need a scorecard to keep track of all the lunatics that are popping up.
All the insane developments of the past few days have dictated that I throw out the show that I plan to do tonight.
And to labor all day today, intensively, desperately, to bring you seekers the cutting edge, up to the minute truth that you deserve about what's going on right now.
Oh, hey, look.
Another eclipse.
Wow.
Ain't this some weather we're having lately?
Oh, but what about all the apocalyptic rhetoric on the news lately, seekers?
Oh, doesn't it all sound a little too familiar?
Right down to the flying saucers and the pudding?
Oh, it smells like the Church of the Sub-Tunes all over, but the names and the faces are all wrong somehow.
Oh, yeah.
It was a different deranged saucer cult all along.

Oh, yeah.
One in San Diego, not Dallas.
Oh, and to pull the magic flying carpet out from under the fluses' high-heeled feet.
Oh, I was wrong.
Because it turned out to be a different San Diego-based deranged saucer cult than I had thought.
Oh, I mean, what are the chances of that happening?
Oh, yes, silly me.
I thought it had to be a radical splinter group of saucer nut acolytes of Ruth Norris.

And of course, the P.J.
Con lanein' oldorman and her E Face Foundation.
You know, the one in the thrift store-rich suburb of El Cajon, California.
And, I mean, hey, it was logical, since that old Bat Youreal finally croaked a few years back.
And, oh, I knew they didn't stand a chance of holding together without that pink-haired superannuated old mummy figurehead from Liberace's trailer park.
Huh?
I mean, you just can't fake disco glitter style like that.
But dang, it seems like alien contact cults are popping up like cosmic crack houses.
Haven't they given serious thought to what they're doing with their hilltop beacons and shortwave signals?
At best, aliens might have as low a gag threshold for cosmic sweetness and light crap as I do.
Or they might find out that Klaatu Barada Nikto means,
Hey, Gort, rip off my head and suck down my tasty sap.
Oh, but I guess that's for them to find out.
Anyway, the logical upshot of this is that there will be the inevitable trendy suicide vogue.
Hey, I'm in favor of it.
Any way of winnowing down the horde, I always say.
But I'm afraid the side effect of this will be harming...
Of course for us, Seekers.
For the glaring light of a paranoid police state will be turned on all mutants as a result of this brouhaha.
Oh, yeah, because of this little copycat cult.
Our basic ironclad tenant of deliverance from space...
The very foundation of our faith as subgenius...
Will be assaulted, ridiculed, and dismissed as being mere bandwagon-jumping...
And the Church of the Subgenius, as a whole,
...will be regarded as the...
Just another bunch of blathering, feel-good, newage alien huggers.
Oh, you don't think so?
Just look at the current video poster, children for off-planet migration.
Oh, those astro-loonies were talking like Christians.
And that Star Trek holodeck metaphor spoutin' guy really pushed everybody's credibility over the edge.
Oh, and the best they had to offer as a leader was the poor man's Dr. Tim Marshall Applewhite.
Go.
No Reverend Ivan Stang for them, no, sir.
And what's worse, no Bob.
They died without Bob, seekers.
Yeah, I do have to respect them for trying to attain the level above human, but they're going about it the wrong way entirely.
I mean, Bob.
Bob won't make you give up your testicles.
Well, not both of them anyway.
No, far from it.
The only surgery we usually do on our initiates is just the routine opening of your third nostril, but...
Oh, that's not real painful.
Well, not fatal, at any rate.
And after you recover from our rituals, you can really use your equipment if you know what I mean.
Unlike those tacky publicity-grabbing fly-by-the-windows.

Oh, and you don't have to give anything up, seekers.
In fact, it's better for you if you actually acquire more vices.
Oh, unlike those poor saps out in California.
Oh, man.
I mean, once you cut off cigarettes and booze and drugs and sex and testicles, I guess suicide doesn't look too bad as a viable option.
Oh, yeah, we don't make subgeniuses commit ritual suicide.
Just ritual career suicide like me.
What's more, we offer eternal salvation or triple your money back.
And it's so simple.
You're not gonna get a crick in your neck looking for the star of Barflehem or anything.
All you have to do is have your subgenius membership card in your pocket come next day.
So write for your ticket off-planet and avoid the rush.
Write to Bob at P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And be sure to Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob!
Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob!
Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob!
Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob!
Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob!
Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! 올라i!
cosine Bob! UI Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob!
Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Hail Bob! Happy Bob! Hail Bob!
That's not on our playlist.
And by the way, you sound great over the phone.
Anyway, if you give us your request, we'll be glad to play it for you, babe.
So let's hear it.
We are observing your earth.
Oh, listen, Micah, I'm sorry, babe, but we can...
And we'd like to make...
I'm sorry, Micah, we...
...a contact with you.
Ready?
Ready?
In your mind you have capacities you know.
To tell a path messages through the vast unknown.
Please close your eyes and concentrate with every thought you think.
Upon the recitation we're about to say.
Calling occupants of interplanetary craft.
Calling occupants of interplanetary most extraordinary craft.
Calling occupants of interplanetary craft.
Open the auto-dose.
Enclose the earth's vessel.
Absoluting concentration.
Intermittent meditation.
Sha-sha-sha-sha-sha.
Sha-sha-sha-sha-sha.
It's a totally different energy.
It's what I believe.
I was just standing in the air.
You are us upon the auto-dose.
I was just standing in the air.
And you are not alone
And you are not alone
Remember it's true
It's true
It's true
It's true
I wonder where we will be in the year 2000
I think I'll be on the moon
We'll title this tape
Planet Earth
About to be recycled
Your only chance to evacuate
Is to leave with us
Write me here in my award winning communication trailer
Spill it
Space Nyan
Blue Mouse Trailer Resort
Hellmouth, California
Nyan 0666
Dogs flew spaceships
The Aztecs invented the vacations
Men and women are the same sex
Our forefathers took drugs
Your brain is not the boss
Yes, that's right
Everything you know is wrong
Sounds fair
Toodle-oo everybody
I'll scream when the comet gets here
Oh, I'm coming with you, Nettie
No
No, sweetheart
You, you stay here because
Okay
Terrific news
Yeah?
They told me it's alright to talk about them
They did?
Now listen, they want contact with you
With me?
Yeah, something's gonna happen
Have you received any messages lately?
Oh, messages?
No, not out here
Oh, hey, on my message
On my phone, my answer phone
Yeah, okay
You're a gal here
I am so happy to see you this day
At this time
When you have such a
Vital and important
Decision to make
So I have come
To try to help you
But that sounds intriguing, you know
Yeah, sure
He couldn't be
This is it, this is it, Nino
This is it
This is real dance music
No, that's my, that's my voice, though
This is the seeker
The truth speaker
You know
Okay, if this is them
I'll, I'll accept it
You were right all along
But you know that, you know
Oh, no, it's this
We proved it, look, there's
Oh, Nino, I'm sorry
It's this kid
That's pretty strange, you know
No, no, it's just a kid
This kid is really strange, you know
Crazy
He calls me all the time
There's 14 seekers of us now
And we're all coming out
In the heavenly bus
Oh, yeah
I gotta go
He just really admires me
And
Yeah, yeah, okay
That's not it, okay
No, here it comes
Are you a friend of Jimmy Carter?
Am I what?
Are you a friend?
Well, ladies, stop over here
I've, I've, you know
Been to his house a few times
Well, you know
Jimmy Carter says
He's elected president
By the international so-and-so
Which means
They are taking
Over a one-world government
Yeah
They blew one planet up
Yeah
The planet Maldek
They blew up Maldek?
Well, all I have to say
You're full of bulls**t
If I see you again
You won't be in the body
Really?
I've got friends
And I'm an American
He's waving your cane at me
Okay, take it easy there
They'll spoil it
Like they spoiled everything
Ladies and gentlemen
It is an official release
Of the Bible
I quote
Suddenly there was a threat
To this world
From some other species
From another planet
Outside in the universe
We would forget
All the little local differences
That we have between our countries
And we would find out
Once and for all
That we really are human beings
We're human beings
That's it
At this time
The Earthman has been killed
And has practically forgotten
All about we brothers
For he has indeed succumbed
To the dark forces
Of ego, lust, and materialism
For if you are not progressing upwards
With we brothers of the light
Then you are regressing downwards
With those of the dark
But we lighted ones know
That within all man
There exists a spark
That truly wishes
To grow
And expand out
From these dark old ways
Of the past
Sounds fair
I feel this good feeling
Within me
Yet I do not know why
Yes dear brother
This good feeling
Is our love
And understanding
Which we bring from our world
To you
expensive
Essentially twist I knew
And large parts will resonate

Man's edges after meeting
I see we pay that
In the minute
to face, to face, to face, to face, to face.
Report, Burt Lake.
The minerals you seek are at the bottom of Lake Timberlake.
Good.
We will need human slaves to begin mining immediately.
Slaves?
With this planet as a mineral supply,
we can easily dominate the entire galaxy.
We've got to stop them.
Taloka.
Tambo.
Good idea.
Here, you hide and I'll get them to come out.
So there you are.
Here I come.
Hi there.
Susie.
Dad!
Susie!
Zorad points his hand at him and suddenly,
Wild Boy is engulfed by a yellow cloud and is frozen in place.
Susie screams and backs away, but they see her.
You heard me.
They're alien replicants from beyond the moon.
Yeah, right, pal.
There comes a time in Eastman's life
when he can't even believe his own eyes.
Saucers seen over Hollywood.
Flying saucers seen over Washington, D.C.
Flying saucers, Captain, are still a rumor.
Officially.
They're flying.
They're flying.
It looks like we beat them off again, sir.
What do they want?
Where are they from?
Where are they going?
They, sir?
Who?
Now, this is a training maneuver, sir.
We only did a little practice firing at the clouds.
While I don't want to sanction stupidity,
as our national sport still I have to admire,
this little man's dogged nerve and rubber determination.
Yes, it's a small step for this square little fellow,
but he's taking a big fall for all mankind.
This is Pat Hatt.
Pat Hatt here by the big hole
had parked his well outside Curio, Arizona.
It's bound to bring out the curious and the kooky,
don't you think, Ray?
Well, it's brought a lot of experts to the area
and increased activity in the Air Force from nearby Ghost Harbour.
That's very good for the economy, as we all know.
Good training for the boys.
Uh, Mr. Suggins, did you see a flying saucer?
Uh, could you describe it to us, sir?
Yes, I can.
I was standing there, I was just putting in cement bags up there,
and I see them.
I mean, this huge thing is all orange and red and green,
it's cigar-shaped, oblong,
and, uh, there's a face of some, my God,
it's the most frightening thing I've ever seen in my life.
Massive eyes and hair and tail.
And, uh, and I don't drink.
I don't drink, really.
Don't smoke.
So I know that. I had my faculties.
I seen that thing.
I said, by God, you better not come near here.
It's out of cold cock if you do.
Who could blame it for not wanting to stay?
It wasn't made to feel very welcome.
We laughed at its flying saucers.
Who needed them?
But it, and all the other its,
tried so hard to get with us.
To be liked for itself alone.
It came from outer space,
with love in its heart.
So sad.
When those spiritual wells of light and love,
all the flowers and trees and brook,
they extend this love to you as you pass them by.
It is a beautiful and happy and joyous way to live,
Zandh,
and you would never want to return to your earth world
of warring and hatred and resentment
after you once had a peek into these beautiful worlds
of ours, of the inner.
And so,
we are offering you our hand of acceptance and of love.
That you will come with us now.
Make the decision that you are through with these physical ways of reaction,
resentment, and all the undesirable traits of man.
On these inner worlds of life and love,
we do all things with our minds.
We do not need to use our hands to earn our way and livelihood.
And this is all part of a progressive evolution,
which is now your opportunity.
And that you must make the decision and make the choice
for you can move forward on this ever-progressive evolutionary pathway
with three brothers at your side,
helping you in all your ways.
And, Dan, you may feel as though you have many, many enemies,
but you know there is only one true enemy,
and that is...
We're doomed!
Will you all stop worrying about that stupid comet?
It's going to be destroyed.
Didn't you hear what that guy in the building said?
But, Dad, don't you think...
Lisa, the whole reason we have elected officials
is so we don't have to think all the time.
Just like that rainforest care.
A few years back, our officials saw there was a problem
and they fixed it, didn't they?
No, Dad, I don't think...
There's that word again.
What do you think will be the next obstacle
the Earth people will put in our way?
Well, as long as they can think, we'll have our problems.
But those whom we're using cannot think.
They are the dead, brought to assimilated life by our electrodes.
You know, it's an interesting thing when you consider
the Earth people who can think are so frightened by those...
They look to the water and see a diver in a wetsuit.
He hands a burlap sack of ore to a man and a woman,
who pass it stiffly to each other.
They're both wearing pulsating green discs on the back of their necks.
Finally, they pass the bag to Lucas, then to Susie,
who drags it over to a pile of sacks where Thor and Zoran stand.
This is the way they are going to get the minerals.
Chrome talk, Monty.
Susie.
You're right.
Somehow they control them all.
And they sleepここ on these objects
and move like they can't move.
They're all ro mają cures d'airas.
But you shouldn't encourage them.
People only bring the arrows they've gathered up.
I told you to leave them repeating.
I'm hella whose knows that when it comes to Tä 착
there IS someone who's been watching,
but one doesn't, as everyone else has.
However bad all the stars ostat.
Some even go to space and explode.
We've got friendship?
Renovate.


Resolve?
Yes, .
absolutely impossible to work through these earth creatures. Their soul is to control.
Plan 9. Ah, yes. Plan 9 deals with the resurrection of the dead. Long-distance electrodes sharpen
the pinion pituitary glands of recent dead. Have you attempted any of this plan as yet?
Yes, I suppose so. How successful has it been? We have risen to so far. We shall be just
as successful on more. The living may have no suspicion of your movements. We had to dispose
of one policeman. However, none of those risen have been seen, at least not by anyone who still
remains alive. Let me say that I spent a very brief time inside the residence. When I walked
through there, I did not see the aliens and that type of thing. And I say aliens,
more than two, possibly three or four, in various locations in the house. Minutes later,
the police, led by Inspector Daniel Clay, arrived at the scene. Who found them? A man and girl.
Medical examiner been around yet? Just left. The war dragon ought to be along most any time.
Engines, seekers everywhere. I was right. Everything I knew was wrong. Turn over this
record right now and get ready for our...
Real shocker. The most important revelation in my life.
All you over are idiots. You're stupid minds. Stupid. Stupid.
What? Idiots? Who are you calling? Mr. Alien.
Friends, the editing in all of this was by Sister Susie, the floozy, an incredible, incredible
job. I never even got through all of it. It's going on and on in the background here. They're
fighting and killing.
But I can't stand that Star Trek music any longer. It's just insane. You've been listening
to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack. Praise Bob. Hail Bob. Hail Bob. Hail Bob. And
that's a post office box.
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
And that's the way almost everybody leaves their phone numbers on my message machine.
And that's why I don't call anybody back. Thank y'all.
Sigh.
Sigh.
Sigh.
Sigh.
Sigh.



Sigh.

Sigh.










Please check out subgenius.com.

Oh.
Peter Hellmouth and the Low Desert Area.
Thank you.
