You know I'm the only man here
Okay, okay.
Well, friends, I'm afraid it's time to fade out the nice music from African Abstract.
Thanks, Joel.
You're welcome.
Yes, the nice music is gone.
Dr. Howell is here in the station with me.
We both just landed after driving up from Southern Ohio.
Yes, we survived.
And I'm going to play some background material for a little while while I get set up.
Perhaps that would be best.
This is all from the Floozies show of some time in the past, WREK's Bob Slatt Time Funhouse,
some Flooz collage work until Dr. Howell and I get situated.
Thank you.
Yes.
Me.
Meanwhile.
Huh?
That's weird.
It's like something out of that Twilight-y show about that zone.
My God.
What is that?
What?
Well, there's my ride.
I got one.
I got one.
I got a spaceship.
They're coming.
I got a spaceship.
Bob, there's something on the screen.
Yes.
It might be him, but the picture isn't very clear.
I can't find Bob.
Bob, it's coming right at us.
I can't believe it.
Look at those tentacles.
They're coming.
From outer space, they're coming.
They're going to enter our atmosphere.
We want the Earth.
We want the Earth.

We want the Earth.


We want the Earth.
We want the Earth.
Who's there?
Remember Bob?












Alien? What do you mean, alien? What do you mean from another planet?
That's a tricky one, isn't it?
Well, if that's the life, don't let them out there, Flying Saucer.
We don't want a lot of little green men terrorizing the home counties during Ask a Tweak, do we?
Yes, all right. Full emergency.
You hear the news? The three aliens are coming to New York.
One night only. Two thousand dollars a ticket.
Yee-haw!
We are flying! We are flying! We are flying!
So what are you guys here for? To see Flying Saucer's land? Is that going to happen tonight?
When they arrive, it's going to be the dawn of a whole new civilization.
Space creatures conspiring with the Soviet government already control our thoughts
by sending out electrical currents from the top of the Empire State Building.
And I'm the only one that knows.
If you're alienated, can you still help children?
Oh, sure. Alienation only affects the mind. It has nothing to do with the rest of your life.
We are...
going to see more and more of these visitors from space.
And that before too long, the evidence will be incontroversial.
That you will have on your TV screens and on your movie screens
concrete evidence that the ships are here and that they are real.
And they're not fantastic things which have been cooked up to make a movie.
I have made telepathic contact for the past eight years
with many space people from many areas of space, both inside and outside of the solar system.
And I'm sure they will be there for the rest of their lives.
And I'm sure they will be there for the rest of their lives.
Well, this device right here is one that we've used to contact the people in the flying saucers.
It receives the messages on a beam of light.
And it is in turn translated by this unit and brought out as intelligible voice speech.
You mean to say you actually received messages from the flying saucers?
That's right.
How about letting me try it, Dick, and see if I can get something on it?

Thank you.
Receiving transmission from the flying saucers.
Thank you.





Thank you.
Bob, there's nothing to be frightened of, man.
From my mind, all of you will be free men, not locked away like animals.
Be free.
Is that recording good enough to identify the thing?
Yeah, right.
Ha ha!
Hey, Bob is my only hope. Back off and give him some room to think.
From that fateful day when stinking bits of slime first crawled from the sea
and shouted to the cold stars...
Let us have our hour of slack!
That's what they shouted to the cold stars, friends.
The cold stars glittering metallic and indifferent above.
And yet, through some strange miracle, a small trickle of slack began to fall upon the rocks.
Yes.
The owls of Ohio are not what they...
Of course.
The owls of slack.
I hadn't thought of that.
And thank you, Dr. Howland.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Yeah, well, there are these owls, you see, and they help us find a slackful angle.
A slackful level, I suppose I should say.
Nothing like a bunch of owls hanging around to ask the existential question,
like an owl in the blue, to who do you do?
Well, I guess I'd say that we're out among the stars.
And, uh, yes, we've been out among the owls.
We were hoping to be among the stars, but...
I hate that phrase, next X-Day, but that's...
No, we should simply say X-Day and realize that whatever we did have, and it was delightful,
it wasn't the X-Day that will be the last, the be-end-all X-Day.
The be-all and the end-all.
It was another drill.
We can admit it, but it was...
We all got drilled pretty well.
I feel like I've been trepanated a bit.
Yes, our tubes are discharged and our ashes were hauled.
Bob's ashes are blowing in the wind now.
The last thing that happened, what now has to be referred to as the 18th X-Day drill,
was the burning of an effigy of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
It was a pretty good one.
We had to explain to some of the concerned pagans that it wasn't really Bob.
No, but you see, if X-Day, for some reason, does not quite get decanted, then it derives to Starwood.
It gives away, it comes away, and becomes Starwood, which it is now.
Yes, and I'm glad I'm not there.
Because they're just trying to get their systems up and running.
Yes.
It gets a little bit tricky.
It's a little muddy out there.
Wyrmwood under the stars.
Oh, it's a massive mass of muck.
Yeah, so we couldn't burn the effigy of Bob down in the pawpaw patch because it was so muddy.
It was just a big old swamp.
Just trying to get down in there, they'd slip and fall on their butts.
Get in there was one thing.
Getting out would be another if one could go.
You could only slip and slide helplessly in the mud with huge herds of mooing, panicked subgeniuses.
You know, you're giving me an idea for a great prank I could do at Starwood as a sort of a hippie trap.
Oh yeah?
And what would be best if there was a big antlion type thing down at the bottom of that pit.
Oh yes, snapping its mandibles.
And teach him hippies something about peace and love.
That's right.
Choke on this, hippie.
So we had to burn Bob up on higher ground.
He was nailed to a Dobbs icon in a crucified way.
And the funny thing was he all burned up except for his open outstretched palms.
And they took a long time.
Even when there was no head or torso left, there was Bob's hand out for money.
Yes, his fleshless palms were stretched as if asking alms.
Until some bright, eager beaver operative stepped up with a flamethrower and turned even those into char.
Well, we had fun.
It was a little challenging. The weather was wet. It wasn't hot.
It wasn't a treatment steamer.
Very comfortable temperature. Breezy sometimes.
Yes, occasionally there would be a cool evening breeze on a warm, flowery shore.
But for the most time, it rained.
We had been praying for lava hail or rain.
But the weather gods weren't cooperating with us.
And the space gods weren't either.
They weren't.
The space princesses sure were, though.
I never saw an X Day with so many pretty girls.
They were there.
So that should put to rest that old canard, the X Day, the subgenius gatherings, as I'm assuming.

Some sort of sausage fest, as the term is, where oafs gather around in baseball caps with beards and large protuberant abdomens and scratch and spit and cuss and eat meat and...
And actually, there is a lot of that.
But on the other hand, the distaff subgeniuses certainly put in a remarkable appearance.
What does that word mean, distaff?
Well, it's just some silly, prissy old way of saying female, actually.
You see, females used to spin.
Oh, okay.
Men would delve and females would spin.
When Adam delve and Eve span, who was then the gentleman?
Now, don't ask me, because I don't know.
And I was only speaking lightly and perhaps playfully about the...
composition of the subgenius crowd.
But it is true that it is not an all-male bunch of sub-tards.
Nor are they all human, as evidenced by this collar.
Lonesome cowboy.
Greetings and salutations.
What the hell happened, you guys?
Well, we...
How come you're still, you know...
I know, don't ask.
We survived.
We ended up in one big piece.
And I alone am left to tell thee and everybody else.
The giant magnetic orb of your own eye is the one to tell the tale.
You know, he who controls magnetism controls the universe, so...
Mr. Mesmer knew that.
Yeah, I'm not trying to tell tales out of school, but maybe not every subgenius acted properly.
Whatever the reason was, the exists might have hovered.
But they did not land.
We did gather at the appropriate time near the giant turtle mound, which has two huge eyeballs these days.
And we waited in the circle of standing stones.
But we only had a few drops of rain from the sky, as though they were the falling tears of heaven when the moment rolled around.
Wow.
No naked sex goddesses dropping from the sky.
No, but some came.
Although they did come join us in the baptism for once.
It was great that they actually showed up.
There is the...
Oh, yes, and they were most responsive and forthcoming during the baptism, which we recorded on audio.
So you will be able to hear an incredible collage of splashes and giggles, probably on this program, recorded live from X Day 16.
Resplendent in banana leaves and full of all kinds of arcane knowledge and willing to spew it out to anybody who will listen, as well as their organs, which are not only not dysfunctional, but not double negatives.
Well, I...
Unless you have a bad attitude about it.
We tried to let the chips fall where they may.
I came back with all the organs that I went there with, which may not be saying much.
What about that strange smell in the car, though?
That's a mystery that Dr. Howell and I have been dealing with all afternoon.
For some reason, the eye van smells like there's something dead in it.
Something went in there and up and died.
You know what them country witches do?
You guys were down there by the border of Virginia or West Virginia.
We were staying with a witch, actually.
You know what they do? They take doe pee-pee.
Uh-oh.
And if it's out for longer than five seconds, it stinks real bad.
And it's like a...
You know what?
Appalachian type of...
I'm gonna put some doe stinky on there.
Well, they often use tiger piss to drive marauding deer away.
You simply spray all your vegetables, flowers, and fruits with a heavy layer of tiger piss,
and deers do not nibble them.
Of course, you won't want them either, but...
But it's overcharged in many restaurants.
We sprayed some of that on...
We have to keep over-watering the tiger.
Excuse me. Go on.
Yeah, we bought some carnivore urine to spray on our tomato plants, keep the deer away.
But one dumb, drunk subgenius drank it.
I won't say even who that idiot is.
Well, it's like it's an aperitif or something.
It's like Angus Durand's bitter or something.
No, I think we're thinking about two different events.
Oh, really? Well, there were so many exotic drinks around that people got a little...
a shade too experimental, I think.
Tiger pee was a favorite.
Well, there was a...
a sort of a Texan, Hunter S. Thompson guy.
Yes, and his name was...
Reverend Hayseed.
And he was with the beautiful Ulla, wasn't he?
Right.
And they were certainly standouts at X Day,
and they constantly mixed exotic potations and libations.
They were really generous.
Yes, they were.
And he was a very stylish fellow.
He had an interesting uniform on.
A most interesting gentleman.
And in the absence of Papa Joe Mama,
he brought the coercive military thing along
and was as dapper as can be.
Reverend Dapper was there, too.
Yes, he was.
Did he have like epaulettes on his shoulders and so forth?
Well, he had an officer's high-peaked cap.
He was dressed in handsome sable from his head to his foot.
And this did not derive from...
Now that is a silly statement.
...gloving of ashes and sable.
There were plenty afloat, but...
And furthermore, he wore cowboy boots
and some badges and pins to show he was in his hoots.
And best of all, he spoke God's language like I do.
Oh, my.
He spoke good Texan.
Yeah, it was for real, too.
He was from Abilene and San Antonio,
and those are not as full of Yankees as Dallas and Fort Worth are.
Yankees?
Which is what drove...
Well, I...
It's like, well, might as well move in up north among the Yankees as be here.
So...
Oh, you see Confederate flags flying on occasion, and I wonder what point they're trying to prove.
They're just trying to recapitulate Evel Knievel's shirt.
Exactly.
I mean, that's what I was thinking all along, especially with the most recent stunt.
Who would...
Why would anyone do such a ridiculous thing, especially if he had any, you know, force
gain or pre-temporal lobes or anything that's important?
Were you talking about the Valenda brothers crossing of the Grand Canyon on a piece of
disintegrating twine?
Yeah.

Easier the exit should arrive, and everybody wished away in the, you know...
Well, next year, next year, yeah.
Sure.
Everything's fine.
Everything's just fine.
Yes, we're recording.
Everything's going fine.
And we did record several times.
We had many interesting performances.
Yeah.
We had three performances, and we had a lot of performances going on.
And we had a lot of performances going on on the main stage.
We had seven bass guitars playing simultaneously.
Yeah.
And it was really organized.
It wasn't just anti-music or, oh, it's seven basses and one's making noise.
Well, we had some of that, but not with the seven basses.
Wow.
The next group that followed the seven basses couldn't even keep the beat, but they were
vigorous players, and they were really loud.
And then they were followed by the Amino Acids doing an incredibly dynamic set, one of their
best.
Well, there was a lot of great music.





The bass players were called the Disgruntled Bassist Orchestra.
And there really were seven bass players up there.
Bishop Stick went to a lot of trouble to equalize all their sound.
One of them was Andrew the Impaled, who is a marvelous musician, as it turns out,
and can play songs of his own composition like Tom Leraire on contemporary subjects
when he's not hammering ice picks into his head.
Well, he's not perfect.
Especially ones clad in sable furs and stuff like that.
Their fingernails grow extremely long.
Well, he wasn't one of the bass players.
He wasn't the bass player.
That guy in night black sable was not a bass player.
They were all wearing T-shirts and shorts and baseball caps,
except for one bass player, Reverend Baby Bear, who wore a wonderful outfit.
Well, she had little bear ears.
Could you please describe it?
She had little tiny bear ears on top.
She had tiny bear ears on top and a form-fitting body suit type thing.
Reverend Baby Bear really doesn't have to worry about what she wears.
But she does.
And she's worried about representing her entire gender,
being the only woman up there while all the men are doing it.
She would feel if she made a mistake, she'd let her side down, you see.
She was playing bass?
Yes, she plays bass.
She plays in a band.
She has a band.
She's the bass player.
But she was the only woman up there in a group of bass players,
the Disgruntled Bass Players Association.
My actual mother was an actual bass player in a Victory Sweethearts all-girl swing band in the 1940s.
Well, this is kind of the opposite of that, Lonesome Cowboy, Dave.
It's kind of like an all-male band.
It's the opposite.
It's the opposite.







Except for one lovely girl off to the side.
But, you know, subgenius is nothing if not about experimenting with new combinations.
And who knows what's going to appear on that stage in the future.
Right.
Mothering is a sexual concept.
I think it has its merits and its demerits as well.
That's it.
We should get the mothers of subgeniuses with bass guitars up there.
No.
This has more to do with...
I dug up your mother.
Mother.
She can still play.
I dug up your mother.
Some people know what line follows that.
I can't say it.
I can't even say the theme of this section.
Are you listening to the owls?
Hear them?
Those aren't the owls of Gahoolie, folks.
Those are Ohio's official owls.
Right.
What are the owls of Gahoolie and what are the official owls of Ohio?
The owls of Gahoolie were a famous motion picture that I believe Ivan Stang actually watched.
And when he came out,
he told me,
don't go see the owls of Gahoolie.
But the owls that you're hearing are the owls of Ohio.
This wonderful state, so fertile and wide and wild.
Out there by Wisteria, there's headless horsemen all up and down the roads late at night.
Is that the old legend of Stavastopol and Sleepy Irving and all that stuff like that down there, too?
No, that's in New York.
It's no legend.
He really is out there.
But they have their own owls.
Ohio headless horsemen and crazy school teachers.
And of course, my flesh was pierced and chewed by multitudes of insects.
I'm now scratching, scratching the endless bites.
They were in great profusion here, too.
They leave me alone.
Well, bully for you.
But some of us just happen to taste good, Stang.
And those of us are the bees make a bee line.
Well, the insects do.
Do know when they're up for a good thing.
Andrew the Impaled, who does know a little bit about things that stick through you,
said that if you just don't scratch the bites, they go away in a few days.
But if you do give in to the scratching, they'll be there for a long time.
Yeah, but when he said that, he had a screwdriver right in the middle of his face.
It's true.
And a mouth, a stomach full of chewed, broken glass.
Well, he likes broken glass.
A lot of people that I know eat broken glass, although I never have.
My pal Chicken John eats broken glass.
And then for a theatrical flourish, he apparently washes it down with Windex.
Well, of course, that's what would kill you.
It's just water that's dyed blue in a Windex bottle.
But I've heard people in the audience where I'm standing while this is going on say,
Oh, he didn't eat broken glass, but I saw him drink Windex.
Right, yeah.
Well, I know that the ones who put spoons in their noses have deviated nostrils, deviated septums.
Yeah, if they didn't when they started, they do when they finish.
And I know that many of their tricks are the result of years of training.
And if we were stupid enough, we'd try them.
I mean, why stick a screwdriver in your nose if you don't have to?
Especially if what you need is a Phillips and what you have is a standard screwdriver.
Exactly.
That's what must have gone wrong with Andrew's mind.
That's where the motherboard is, right below the eyeballs.
Holy mother.
Motherboard of Jehovah.
We'll prove all of this that we're saying, by the way.
Yeah, it's all true.
Dr. Sinister.
Dr. Sinister is here.
It's on paper.
It's hard copy.
There's no, uh...
Um...
There's a real trail.
Dr. Sinister, you messed up.
What?
You messed up?
No, I figured this is...
Since I'm...
Since it's a year I'm not going, I heard you say that there were a lot of girls there.
Oh, my God.
It was the year...
I've never seen a gorgeous female.
That's what I was...
Basically, that was the reason.
There was a lot of...
Very...
Uninhibited.
Young ladies.
Pretty.
In all states of undress.
And of...
It's probably better that I didn't go.
Most racist, actually.
That was another...
Yes, it was a...
A much more diverse...
The most diverse X-Day with these girls were all different colors, also.
Oh.
We had all the same color on the inside.
And when the...
The lights go out.
You don't want to be that kind of guy.
That's...
Yeah, I mean, that's terrible.
I mean, I thought we were gentlemen here.
That ain't cool, man.
What's the purpose of this?
Gentlemen, indeed.
That ain't cool, man.
Well, I...
Perhaps I've got a little dinosaur egg on my face there.
Well, you should.
I can smell the bacon frying all the way here, 50 miles away.
We've got to find out what's making that smell of horrible, rotted, burning flesh in the car.
Well, the Bob dummy was in the car, and you and I.
We're in the car.
Yes, but it could be...
It occurred to me at one point, well, X-Day, maybe it did come, and maybe it wasn't what we thought.
Maybe we're dead.
We're smelling our own decay, just like in those EC comments.
I think it's more likely that alternate theory that you proposed, that legume giggling and tiptoeing stashed some rotting meat inside the Bob dummy, which is still in the car with us.
And that is the source of the...
He's done it before.
He left his colostomy.
He left his colostomy bag there.
He's done that before as a practical joke.
You know, if you wear a catheter, there's probably some good news for you.
Especially if you attach the bottom part to the top part to your eardrum.
Zoe Owl.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Let's listen now to the hoots of the great woodsy owl of Ohio.
Who the hell are you?
I've wondered so long.
No.
I don't think...
I don't think you've ever been in a house with two owls like you've seen.
No, you're scaring them away.
Well, honestly, we really wish you would have been there, Dave.
At one point, the power died.
Yeah, the power went off.
And some bands, and not just with us, the whole neighborhood, it was annual karma.
Because last year, we were the only place with power.
Yeah, but this time, everybody else had power, but we had to suffer a power outrage.
But still, a group got up and did an acoustic set in the flickering lamp lit...
Scene of Caffeine and Scaffec...
The Mutant Mountain Boys.
The Mutant Mountain Boys, two of whom are remarkable-looking girls.
Oh, listen to that.
That's the Pee-Wit.
A relation of the dwarf elf owl.
Are you making fun of me?
A dwarf elf owl.
I'm just sorry.
The dwarf elf owl.
Any of them have their skulls exposed to the same kind of micrometer atmospheres in the
atmosphere?
I mean, the atmospheric...
Who had skulls exposed?
The double air.
Who?
Who had exposed skulls?
I...
That's what I was wondering.
If the dwarf renegade mountain...
Who's in the tree?
No, no, no, no.
The elven owl.
No renegade dwarf at X-Day this time.
I...
You know, why look for exotic explanations when the simple ones will do?
That's Occam's razor.
Now, there were mysterious giant reptile tracks.
Remember the first night?
There were the tracks in the mud of ornithopod dinosaurs.
Not theropods.
Fortunately.
But the distinctive tracks, the tridactyl tracks of ornithopods like Hadrosaurus and things
like that.
Edmontosaurus.
I thought it was old Sequel.
They've been shrunken, though.
Come up out of the lake.
Really?
Don't you have to find a coproliter, too?
But old Sequel is a turtle.
Right.
I think the coprolites are as big as a house sometimes.
Now, I did notice later on, Susie the floozy seemed to be running away from me with some
kind of odd pointy things on her feet.
Hmm.
She's actually...
Hmm.

She looked guilty, like she'd been caught doing something, and she was hiding these
things she had on her feet.
She usually runs away from you with just ordinary shoes on her feet.
Well, we'll see.
The photos will tell all.
Oh, that's right.
We have extensive photos and even full-color movies in 8D to go over tonight.
Yes.
Helen, I will be wild.
We'll drink a few cocktails, put on our smoking jackets, and...
And put on the baptism day.
Yes, that's right.
And decide what we need to withhold from the tender eyes of a possibly underage audience.
Well, we would want to give the wrong impression that it was some kind of lewd...
Orgy or...
Yeah, right.
Right.
Or exposed pineal gland.
You know, we had the chance to have the big orgy.
Well, I missed it, whatever it was.
Just before the roast pig was to be served...
I beg your pardon.
Oh, that.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, we did have a roast pig.
There was a...
They went whole hog.
Torrential downpour of rain.
There always is one at X-Day.
This one...
And it always picks a unique time.
So, about 50 people ended up crammed together under these shelters, really close, hiding
from the rain, trying not to get wet.
And that was when...
That was the chance to have the weird sex cult orgy.
And what does it say for us that it didn't happen?
And I even suggested it.
Well, I'm afraid I just got the cold, shivering girl I was with a cup of hot coffee.
But instead, I could have used vital magnetism to...
Really?
To take care of her problem.
To jump back a moment...
You can actually...
You can hypnotize people with magnetism.
And that's what the...
Well, you could, but...
The secret of a great speaker like yourself and Adolf Twitler and the other renegades
that, you know, people don't care to mention anymore and stuff.
This is what they all have in common.
It's an astute form of...
It's a varietal function.
I'm not sure if it's wisdom or teeth or...
Well, you've got to show your teeth.
Flash a big grin while you're telling him the lies.
But if we could jump back just a moment.
There's something I've always wondered.
What was the matter with the Owls of Gahooli, anyway?
It was a little bit too much like every other children's film you've ever seen.
It had Darth Vader and I Am Your Father.
As an owl.
As an owl.
Luke Skywalker.
As an owl.
Dorothy.
As an owl.
The Wizard.
As an owl.
It was just the same story with owls.
But did the owls...
The owls looked great.
They had feathers and flight and all that.
Zack Snyder's great with cartoons.
He's a good cartoon movie maker.
What does an R2-D2 owl sound like?
Like Bubo.
There he is.
That irritates your inner ear just thinking of it, you know?
And his head spins around while he beeps and cuckoos.
Owls are one of the few birds that can actually do that.
They can turn their head completely backwards.
R2-D2.
And some of them can keep going around to the front and then do it again.
Just like that little R2 unit.
It's like a spring that's wound up.
Eventually, whoop, there's one going where it goes backwards.
Yes, legend says that the owl of Athena was...
In fact, some of those same owls will actually stick, you know, specially crafted or carved reeds into their beaks
after twisting their beaks.
They're twisting their necks up like that and they turn into propellers and it makes them fly faster.
It's just like one of those little wind-up...
On Halloween.
But not normally.
I think it's more than just all saints do.
All of them are necrophiliacs to begin with.
They love that flavor.
They love that smell.
No comment.
We're the ones who actually have to deal with that smell.
You can make gags about it.
You can make cracks about that smell.
But we're going to have to go out and get in that smell mobile after this is all over.
You know, in fact, just dump Bob out and leave him on the...
Then we...
You know he would do the same to you.
You know he's done that to you how many years in a row?
Haven't you gotten in trouble calling that Bob dummy around before
because people think that you have committed a capital crime?
Well, I do.
Perhaps the Bob dummy is a coprolite of its own.
He may have experienced some sort of personality after being driven around all these years
to various spots and being looked at by thousands and thousands of people.
So you think he copped a coprolite?
People have looked at him in some very...
I'm thinking it's the Bob dummy's poo-poo that's rotting away in that car
and you don't have the foresight.
The dummy was not that realistically constructed.
But he comes in handy when you visit or drive through those cities
that have high-occupancy vehicle lanes.
Yeah.
That's right. You're a carpool.
You know, usually we leave him sitting in our living room as a kind of a scarecrow.
Again, we're burglars.
Yeah, there aren't any crows in Doug's living room, so...
When we were being robbed, when our cars were being broken into here at WCSB,
there was a spate of those.
They hit us, ironically, right after we'd completely cleaned the car
and it had nothing in it.
Even Bob?
Not even Bob.
But after that, we put Bob in it whenever we park here.
The police congratulated me.
They thought Bob was a great fella.
They said he offered him a few hits off his pipe.
And from now on, every car will have to have a Bob in it.
Well, I...
Is there a motorcycle helmet law in Ohio?
That sounds like a bad...
No, not in Ohio.
Because we came back, we saw all these people carousing on motorcycles with no helmets,
with their hair streaming in the breeze.
Motorcyclists I see on the road around town, it's about 50-50.
I'd say about half of them don't have helmets at all.
Every motorcyclist we saw had no helmet.
We saw a young blonde woman riding a motorcycle, no helmet, her ponytail in the breeze.
But as soon as we got on Ivan Stang's street,
we saw some prissy bicyclists pedaling along.
They were fully armored with helmets.
Big, fat, juicy ones.
No, they were, they were, well, they were slender bicyclists.
But they had helmets.
Slender, slender bicyclists.
Socialist problem law.
But you could make the argument, say, perhaps this is a hirsute, beautiful young woman flying by on her Harley.
Perhaps she had no need to cover her skull,
which was partially exposed to the wind and giving off those funny signals.
Well, there is the Church of the Rushing Wind here.
It was unusual.
It was unique signals.
But it's not good for you to fall off and land on your face.
So you need the helmet, and that's why most states have the law and mandate.
You see a lot of people driving around on their motorcycles who have actually had that happen to them numerous times.
It's a nanny culture.
Oh, I know terrible stories, which I could tell.
They would bring everyone down and ruin this radio show if I described the hideous mutilations.
And the damage is that come from riding what emergency room technicians are apt to call donor cycles.
Like an old high school doctor drama.
They do.
By the highway patrol.
This is what will happen to you.
Jimmy Fuzz Thunder, 26, driving 95 miles an hour in a 35 mile an hour school zone.
Well, we did that.
From above by helicopter, but released.
We went through a school zone, a 20 mile zone.
At 50 miles an hour, we went through a stop sign without stopping.
We did all sorts of things.
Because after you've survived X-Day, you feel like you're kind of immortal, whether you want to be or not.
Nothing can happen if X-Day has happened.
I could see you guys all with those Marlon Brando Wild Ones hats.
You know, those like cap, sea captain's hats.
Who had that?
Reverend, what's his name?
They had the cap with the high peak.
The.
Officer like cap.
He dressed in black.
Reverend Hayseed.
Reverend Hayseed.
Yeah, he had that.
That cap.
And boy, did it look good.
It made you want one if you saw it.
Hmm.
But, of course, many people carried enormous umbrellas because of the constant rain pelting down.
Like the stations of the cross.
And then only it was umbrellas.
And the road became a squishy quagmire of brown mud oozing water.
And.
But it was very hard to navigate.
Well, when life.
Hard water.
Hard rain.
Throws muddy mud pits at you.
You have made mud wrestling.
I missed that mud wrestling.
I didn't see that.
There were.
We weren't.
That's because we weren't hippie enough.
But I bet you can be some.
Mud wrestling.
That's.
Oh, well, I bet you can't wait to get back to Starwood.
Actually, I can.
Oh, but it's ridiculous to try to wrestle mud.
It has no supernal form in the way of.
A bishop or archbishop.
He used to be.
Oh, I forget his name.
But anyway, you can't.
You can't argue with mud.
Let alone let alone get and wrestle with and expect to win.
Well, that's the challenge.
You know, you might be able to to beat some here stoop obese man in spandex, but you'll never beat the mud.
Yeah, you could smear mud all over that guy.
He probably love it.
Why not smear it on a female wrestler instead?
Well, that's usually what ends up.
Happening because one great big girl right in the middle who's with a big grin on her
face and a whole bunch of skinny boys crawling around smearing mud all over.
No, that wasn't.
That hasn't happened for many years.
You're you're I don't know, reminiscing.
These are old ex days.
With a hat and a pig on the phone.
Pigo, Piggora, Squealy, Gruntum.
I'm so.
The disease.
Go.
Did you actually have the feast of the pig or it sounded like it was recently aborted?
It was.
No, we had the pig.
We ate deeply of the flesh of the swine and the head was on display.
And it wasn't just the pig.
That wasn't the only hoofed animal we can see.
You ate a horse.
We ate lamb.
Oh, you cheap poor little lamb.
I had to sacrifice himself.
And Princess, we provided the greenish jelly.
Oh, you cheap. You had to sacrifice yourself. And Princess, we provided the greenish jelly.
And Princess, we provided the greenish jelly.
And Princess, we provided the greenish jelly.

And the lamb.
She raised it and killed it with her teeth.
Just like Errol Flynn used to do.
And butchered it with her nail file and handed the liver to Reverend Heathen and said, here,
cook this up.
And everything was cooked marvelously by Reverend Heathen Hammer, the Hephaestus of cooking.
Did any of the little children run away with hooves in their mouths screaming?
Little children ran away with endless teetering towers of Doctor Who VHS tapes.
No.
They were just a bunch of little kids.
Oh, wow.
Yes.
Yes.
Lord Ferg brought his son, who was about, what, 11 years old, maybe?
He seemed a very well-behaved lad, and he certainly partook of the Bulldada auction.
Yeah.
It was like, I want to watch all the TV shows and old movies that made these people this
way, so I can be like them.
And they're in heavy VHS tapes.
It must have weighed a considerable amount by the time he got older.

Yeah.
And he had all his swag together.
Yeah.
Did he have an entourage that picked up the stuff behind him?
He did it.
I assume he was some sort of squire's child.
When we do the auction, the bidders have to come forward to collect their property and
to pay the bursar, and then it's theirs to do with as they will.
Well, where did this 11-year-old child get so much money?
That's what I'd like to ask.
He's smart.
I ripped it off from the crippled newsie.
No, I don't know.
How does that make you feel, Dave?
It makes me feel pretty dumb.
Oh, I don't know.
Oh, he probably owns some startup company.
Yeah, probably.
Dave probably invented some app that everybody had to have.
Now, he was 11 years old or he just thought he was?
I'm sorry.
I don't quite understand the question.
He was actually 11 years old or he just thought that he was?
No, no.
He's probably about 11.
He wasn't 11 years old.
He was surely older than that.
I'm not good at figuring out people's ages, as I was telling Reverend Baby ... Oh, you
are?
Yes.
I raised him.
Oh, well, of course.
He looked like he was about 11 or 12 to me.
All right.
If you say so, that's good enough for me.
He was 11 or 12.
I would still judge 12 more than that.
And Reverend Baby Bear, I'd say, is about 8 or 9.
She looks younger than she is, I believe.
Right.
She is.
She sounds younger than she could possibly be.
She has to be in her 20s, and she told me that she would give up smoking cigarettes
when she got to be 26, which is a far off date for her.
Yes, a far off date for me, too.
Way far off.
I'm afraid so.
Anyway, we had some great performers at X Day and wonderful events.
So, really, it's all that X Day ever might be, except it was the wettest X Day on record.
That's not true.
I wasn't near as wet as some that we had at Brushwood.
I remember those, but I also remember staying in the trailer and having a really good time.
Besides, those cleared up, and this one never cleared.
No, no.
I see it the other way around.
Oh, really?
Yes.
Okay.
I remember X Days when all of Chaz Smith's equipment was suddenly destroyed because
one minute it was a clear night sky, and the next second it was the flood of Noah.
I lost video camera that same night.
Wham!
Suddenly it hit, and we were afloat.
I had a great time.
I lost my camera, but Princess Wee and I had to jump in the car, and we were trapped in the car for hours.
We had a wonderful time.
In fact, I think I even filmed an infrared sex tape.
That should horrify many youngsters.
Well, if you were talking about the same Brushwood X Day, we played sexual games in the trailer while we were stuck.
What?
Nobody ever invites me to those things.
We were in the damn trailer, unable to get out.
But I seem to remember that the rain fell for the first couple of days, and then afterwards it cleared up.
There have been ones like that.
In Wisteria?
Not Wisteria, the old place.
In Wisteria, you tend to get firestorms and earthquakes.
This was freak weather that we had this rain.
I'll say.
It was a freak festival.
It was a freak festival.
Rumblings from old sea quads.
Fences are down, man. It's a freak festival.
Dog stock is free now.
You could have taken refuge on that old turtle's back and started your own nation and your own people.
A turtle would have to rise first, and we're happy that he didn't.
Had he been seen recently?
Actually, I didn't see him during the whole thing, but I was only in the pond once, which was at the baptism and following the baptism.
Oh, he avoids those.
Usually I go in as many times as I can while I'm there. That was the only day I was ever in there.
In the baptism waters?
I beg your pardon?
You were actually there in the baptism waters?
Oh, yes, of course. I'm always there. I usually am there to catch the large, slippery subgeniuses when they're baptized and fall back into the water.
But this time I had the microphone.
So I was actually able, by preserving it from rain and splashes,
to record, as I said, a wonderful tapestry of the subgeniusettes giggling as Reverend Stang fondly dipped them into the water.
Boy, the subgenius haters hate that more than anything.
They do?
They seem to consider, think that I have somehow brainwashed these girls.
They do?
Yes. They talk about it constantly. I use my Masonic skills that I learned from George Bush and Dick Cheney and the Grateful Dead.
Who talks about this constantly? I wouldn't mind reading it.
The subgenius haters on the old news group we used to use, alt.slash, they're still here.
The subgenius haters club.
Yes. Now it's only a subgenius hater news group. There are no subgeniuses at all.
And, ironically enough, they hate each other even worse than they hate each other.
Well, it's because of the point of view that I think is why they think you're a Mason.
It's because of the long... But many people think that's, you know, something out of, you know, some opera or something.
Opera? Ab?
Yeah, like Paul Cinelli.
And you have, like, big pointed toes or...
Yeah, Punchinello and Judith, that famous opera.
Punchinello and Judith. Yeah.
You know, it's been a while since I've been to the opera, but it just strikes me that perhaps Brushwood would make... I'm sorry.
Wisteria.
Wisteria. Would make an... You know, I always have to stop and say one and not the other, and that time I said the wrong one.
Yes, Wisteria would make an opera. After all, they had a Burning Man opera, which was rather good, which I said.
So now it's time for the Wisteria opera.
It's a rather literal opera name to begin with.
Wisteria, Wisteria, Wisteria.
Well, we're off to a great start, aren't we?
Oh, man.
It's not the over turn.
Call a big producer in New York.
Draw the curtain.
And we did have a big shepherd's hook on hand for people like Dave.
Shepherd's hook.
And I forgot to use it when that bad band came on.
Boy, were they bad.
Oh, a shepherd's hook.
There was a bad band.
But they weren't bad.
Not deliberately bad.
Baby Bear and I kind of enjoyed them anyway.
How can you wreck Wooly Bully?
They did.
The things that they played, they sang terribly, and they played against the beat, and their guitars were loud.
But still, at least you could tell what they were doing.
They were sandwiched in between some good acts, though.
The keyboardist, though, was one of our main sound technicians and helpers, so that we could hardly tell him, no, no, you can't have your local band here.
And that was the only local band.
One good guy can't save a bad band.
But it wasn't really so much even their fault, because their main guy didn't show up, as they explained.
Oh, I didn't know that.
You didn't know.
Yeah, he's from some strange country behind the Iron Curtain that no longer exists.
A strange country?
Yeah, they weren't even sure about how to pronounce it, but they said they were going to sing the national anthem of that land.
Ah.
I love those quarters.
They're so deep and strong.
Children have such an intense identity.
Children shouldn't play with dead things.
Or play dead music.
Pardon?
I was just saying, children shouldn't play with dead things.
Well, if you're a musician, you must at all costs play with dead things, because what else makes the world go round?
It's a foxy smell, isn't it?
We're going to try to get that out of the car.
It's a wake-up call, isn't it?
Uh.
Now, there was a living instrument in The Adventures of Baron Munchausen.
The Sultan had written an opera called The Eunuch's Life is Hard.
It was called The Torturer's Apprentice. Pardon me for creating the lyrics.
The Eunuch's Life is Hard.
And that is all, I think, was the way it went.
And the organ, when he pushed a key, it would push a spike or something into a cage full of slaves.
And he had them lined up as high shrieking, low shrieking.
It was the torture organ, so he could get the shrieks to be music.
And it did have a funny mouth, too, that it spat out.
That it spat out nails or something.
That I didn't see.
No, we're talking about the Sultan of Turkey, I believe, back in the 18th century.
Right.
He wrote the opera The Torturer's Apprentice.
And then he performed some of it.
But it's time for the Wisteria opera, for some musical genius to create, to document these things.
Because they're epic.
Even though we still haven't worked out all the bugs to get the saucers to embark us.
You know what worries me, Dr. Howell, is there's only really two things that have been consistent at every single 7 a.m. on July 5th.
Bug bites.
No.
No.
Everybody stares at Stang.
Well, what has always been there.
And maybe shouldn't be next year.
Is me or our friend Dr. Dark, who is the only other living subgenius besides myself who is at every single 7 a.m.
Susie only missed one.
There are people who've been at almost every one.
Nikki, I think, only missed one.
But what if Dr. Dark and I stayed in bed.
And the rest of us.
And the rest of you went down there and waited for the saucers.
Maybe that's what we need to do.
I would hate to miss that one time in the year that I have to get up at 6 in the morning and get ready.
But if that's what it takes, I'll stay in bed our next day.
If that's what I have to do to help encourage the saucers to come, I'll do it.
By God, I'll sacrifice.
I can help with that project by staying in bed.
And not showing up to it.
But then we wouldn't get to look into the bedraggled faces of these people.
Including some at Caffeina's just stayed up all night and never went to bed.
Some people can do that.
Some people actually believed you guys.
I did several times and look what it's done to me.
Now I can't do it at all.
I have to get a good night's sleep.
And a good breakfast.
A hearty breakfast, kids.
People say a man is made out of mud.

A poor man is made out of muslin bro...
Did you have the hearty pancake breakfast?
No.
We were layabouts and puss-a-beds.
Suck-a-thumbs.
But so what?
We had a wonderful gourmet feast spread out for us every morning.
With fruit and cheese and...
Not everybody else did.
Yeah, I know we were feeling guilty because we had things that no one at X Day had.
Like a working toilet, for example.
And we had this special...
What was its occupation?
What was what's occupation?
The working toilet.
Oh, it was serving a large and varied clientele.
But it was the only one that worked because there was a little problem with the Santa Port company.
Now that was an aberrant event.
That won't happen next year.
You see, they forgot it was a pink national holiday.
Yeah, they actually did.
They scheduled the honey dipper man to come by on Thursday.
Both sides of the telephone conversation forgetting that Thursday was also known as the 4th of July.
Well, leave it in the park.
And so the toilets got high that day and people were in panic.
Along with everybody else.
Yeah, well, that was the thing.
Once again, symbolism, talking animals, talking machines, paid toilets that literally are underpaid.
Animals that can't...
I'm sorry.
Animals without backbones.
Without backbones.
Invertebrates everywhere.
Animals that rape tourists for sex.

For 7 years.
Including the hibernation period.
Those bears that everybody complains about.
And then something that Pantiera was talking about a year ago called man-bear-pig.
Oh, that's from a cartoon.
There's no such thing as man.
I'm a man-bear-pig denier.
Oh, really?
Okay.
Well, but they were talking about it.
In fact, they even drew little cartoons of it.
That's a south park stick.
Of man-bear-pigs.
Oh.
There is a man bear pig, but I deny it.
Pantiera drew a picture, which I have, of herself being victimized by this creature.
With a tear running down her face as it goes up.
They were the actual original autocracy, the original aristocracy of Europe.
That's the royal bloodline right there, the man bear pig, man bears.
Well, where do the Yetis fit in?
The Yetis have yet to show their true cultural impact.
They're waiting, I don't know, perhaps waiting in the wings for something at the right time.
Waiting for humanity to destroy itself?
They're rather passive. They're not about to man the streets with Yeti signs.
Speaking of man on the street, Ivan Stang didn't let any grass grow under his feet while he was down there.
He actually interviewed people who were standing around waiting for the saucers.
Waiting for me.
They say something funny.
I just turn it around and walk up to them and go,
Hey, how'd you weather last night? What'd you do?
Oh, you get all kinds of confessions.
They instantly look guilty and start telling you all kinds of stuff that you really didn't want to know.
And why are they telling you?
Well, because they actually thought the world was going to end the next day.
And they're just like in the experiments that you do on their minds.
Experimenting again.
Well, we've learned a lot for future generations.
That's right.
The end justifies the means.
The end justifies the means.
Your English teacher was wrong.
The end does, in fact, justify the means.
Yes, if we've learned any one thing.
If you're a subgenius.
That's right.
The laws don't apply to us.
They're good laws.
They just don't apply to us.
Why should we obey society's foolish, constricting laws and morals?
Ours is a high and lonely destiny.
As if that made it all right.
Ours is a high and lonely destiny.
Yeah, I've got a lonely destiny.
I have to eat all the time.
My doctor says so.
But if you want to discriminate against those of us with a high and lonely destiny,
well, you're obviously just not a very evolved person.
You're speaking about high bowels and low bowels.
I thought for a second that you had the interocitor machine with you that makes that sound.
No, I don't.
I was wondering if this was some sort of lunchbox.
But let's not forget about the special fluids stored outside this compartment.
Ah, but just like...
Radio Valencia.
We must not get caught bringing food into the studio.
My dear sir, everyone violates that rule at Radio Valencia.
It's the other radio station that actually has literal eyeballs bulging out of the walls that watch everything you do.
That's right.
If WCSB was a real station, we'd have spy cameras all over like that.
Cameras that resemble eyeballs with an iris and a pupil.
And they're everywhere.
You can't get away with anything.
And...
And...
And Osama Hussein Obama is watching you through them eyeballs now.
Are we going to blame this on him, too?
I don't think it's his fault.
Alcoholics laying on the chairs in the lounge...
No, that's all done.
...and people would argue about whose beer was whose.
No, alcoholics get to lie on chairs in the lounge.
There isn't even a lounge anymore.
...a sneaky spot in the hallway where nobody would see and smoke your damn cigarette.
No one cared.
Years ago, it used to be a Berkeley hippie radio station, and you wouldn't know who was camping out there with bedrolls.
And so on.
People used to sack out in the music room and leave drinks...
The air was thick with cannabis smoke.
And the sickly sweet aroma of LSD.
I remember nights in the old WCSB studio before 9-11 when you could just break all the rules with impunity on the air, brag about it.
Not leave it there.
Yeah, frag them if they can't take a joke.
...on the couches were so large.
Oh, the couches were...
...the entire lounge.
...so dark, downy, and soft.
They were just physically, inordinately large.
You'd try to move them to maybe turn on a monitor or something like that.
There'd be a huge arm all over the desk and stuff next to them.
An armrest which you had to arm wrestle with.
Oh, oh, oh, I'm speaking for radio stations.
Speaking for radio stations?
Yes, sir.
It's time to do that station ID thing, right?
We're going to comply with all the rules.
You're listening to Insert Station Name Here.
Excellent.
So, see, now I've got aversion for the Internet.
There you go.
I always feel aversion to the Internet.
Me too.
Well, as Onan said, humans are the Internet's way of making more Internet.
By George, Onan was not physically present, but he sure appeared at X-Day in more ways than one.
Well, he, as my speech writer...
Yes, he wrote a Stang rant, which...
It was a...
I know, you can go ahead and say it.
It was the best rant I ever did.
And now I have to consult a dentist.
But it was a great rant, yeah.
Typically great, actually.
Well, we have to remind everyone of the sad truth that Stang is no longer capable of writing his own stuff.
And it's not a psychological or mental thing.
He still hasn't lost his luster as a great writer and a beautiful talent.
It's the fact that...
I chewed my fingers down.
To the bone.
Yes, I got too agitated one night.
Too much of that white knuckle entertainment.
I ate my own...
Actually, you know, my knuckles have tooth marks on them because of the girls of X-Day.
You and Fat Mandy, but those are her own tooth marks.
The women were biting their knuckles, man.
They bit you on the hand?
They just blew kisses to me.
When I'm sexually excited but frustrated in my urges...
Oh.
Some of us...
By our knuckles.
I get it.
Say no more.
Say no more.
No, I say no more.
Say no more.
So as to keep oneself from doing something bad.
It's very adequate.
And according to the station manager friends, we need to take a break.
Yes, we're going to be fired.
So please stay tuned.
Oh, that means we have to put on something else besides us.
I wasn't prepared.
Take that owl record off.
Oh, there's animal noises.
The two-headed jackal musical.
We will now play the jackals of the Serengeti.
Serengeti playing.
There's the two-headed jackals.
We're getting ready.
We leave you with the jaundiced jackalopes of the Nevada Basin.
And good night.
I've been waiting for our friends to come
Like spiders that roam street before
I've heard you out there for a visit to Cards
But we've won Jimmy and Lucy Balls
And now the moment you've been waiting for
The aliens are about to materialize before your eyes
They came to us from a far distant planet
And now here they are in our midst
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry
Hour of Slack
For free information, write to
P.O.
Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Or see www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob!
