Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Yeah, let's make it an hour. Go ahead, let's go for it.
Welcome to Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Black.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Oh, Bob loves you, dear friends.
And yes, we're going to get right back into it.
This is the third show of three shows that I had to do in one night.
And I'm still going strong, friends.
Still going strong because I'm so excited because X-Day is about to happen.
Again, and again, and again.
Well, sure, it may have actually happened or not happened a month ago by the time you hear this tape.
But I don't care. It's what we call time control, dear friends.
In the Church of the Subgenius, there is this doctrine called time control.
And it is, well, it's just exactly what it says.
That's all you need.
If you had time control, you'd already know what the hell I was talking about, now wouldn't you?
But to recap, now where are we?
We are rubbing it in because you didn't get on the escape vessels like we did.
You're not listening to this show from somewhere in deep space,
surrounded by luxurious drunken pleasure goddesses.
No, no, you're probably just in...
Or who knows?
Maybe you did get ruptured and you liked your life so much
that even when you were given the gift by the excess of being able to do anything you ever wanted,
instantly, by magic, you decided to just recreate the world you'd always lived in.
Because you liked it.
The same dingy apartment or house, the same friends, the same job even.
Who knows?
You know, some people are really into that.
Maybe XX Day did happen.
You're happier than you know.
Yes, friends.
I want to hear this Therion here in the background for just a second, shall we?
Therion.
I want to hear this Therion.
I want to hear this Therion.
I want to hear this Therion.
I want to hear this Therion.
I want to hear this Therion.
Oh, friends, you know it's a wonderful world, but don't be humble because you're not all that great,
as Golda Meir once said.
And as Arthur Miller said,
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody loans him money.
And I know how that goes, friends.
I guess I'm one of them kidders he was talking about.
But, oh, what shall we actually...
Now that that guy is...
Whoa!
Cool!
That wasn't a...
I bet you thought that was some kind of a sound effect.
What I just did.
Where did all those tapes fly off?
Man.
Well, that's amazing.
Well, I'll just stick...
That's one...
That's a cue.
What?
Did the...
Friends, I swear to God, I think it was a poltergeist that time.
Again.
We used to have that trouble.
Oh, I...
They came flopping down from way up here.
Up atop the...
Well...
Hold on just a second.
And I mean a second.
Oh, see, it wasn't even a second.
We had it all together.
It's not so bad.
Everything's all right.
Just relax.
Bob is here.
Bob will make everything right.
I...
I trust and pray, my friend.
My dear, dear friend.
You're all such good friends.
Don't you know?
It's not...
I mean, even the ones I've never even seen.
I see...
Yet I am able to sap your energy just by knowing that you're...
Even weeks later after this is recorded,
I can still do this.
I can still do that because of...
Yes, once again, time control.
You see, time control.
Anyway, we do have some...
This was just handed down by Bob.
Before I play all the great, amazing audio collage and music
and stuff that I have coming up,
and X-Day and so forth,
I want to...
We're going to have to lay down the ground rules.
This was a big memo that came down.
It's not very subgenius-like,
but apparently,
these are the, believe it or not,
the dance band rules and regulations
for the hour of slack.
Unfortunately, this is not a joke.
Number one.
In the repertoire of light orchestras and dance bands,
pieces in foxtrot rhythm, or so-called swing,
are not to exceed 20%.
So we can't play more than 20% of our music
as any kind of fast,
fast stuff.
In the repertoire of this so-called jazz type,
preference is to be given to compositions in a major key
and to lyrics expressing joy in life,
such as the great hit
rather than pinkishly gloomy lyrics.
Wait a minute.
I thought that subgeniuses were the ones that had the gloomy lyrics.
Okay.
As to the tempo, also, says this memo,
supposedly,
from Bob,
preference is to be given to brisk compositions
as opposed to slow ones,
or so-called blues.
However, the pace must not exceed a certain degree of allegro,
commensurate with the subgenius sense for discipline
and moderation?
On no account will doctor-like excesses in tempo,
or so-called hot jazz,
be permitted,
or in solo performances,
so-called blues,
be permitted,
or in solo performances,

and can only achieve, at most,
10% syncopation.
Normally, it should have a natural legato movement
without the hysterical rhythmic differences
characteristic of the music of the barbarian races
and conducive to dark instincts alien to the subgenius people.
How strange.
Friends, this just doesn't...
Oh, now I get it.
It wasn't...
I got this.
I got this.
I got this.

Actually, what I was reading to you
was in real-life rules and regulations
for the Third Reich.
And it wasn't signed by Bob,
but was signed by
Baldur von Blodheim Reich Musikführer
und Uberschaufführer SS.
Honest to God, friends.
And he actually said,
rather than Jewishly gloomy lyrics,
is what he was talking about.
He thought Jewish lyrics tended to be...


be now why would why would why would Jewish lyrics in Germany around World War II have any
sort of a gloom to them and um and they said it said it actually the original document said
on no account will negroid excesses in tempo or so-called hot jazz be permitted well friends
I'm not a big fan of rap music myself because I'm kind of old but I'm so glad that does very
same old bastards in Germany that used to agree with this kind of stuff have to listen to loud
negroid boombox music you know every time they go out on the street and a car goes by that's
what I take me me hit yeah you know Bob Dobbs himself I don't I can't speak for Bob but
Bob
Bob said a long time ago that the only people he hated were Nazis I think that he also he didn't
specifically say this but I've gotten the impression that he hates commies too but as as
Woody Allen said I don't want to achieve immortality through my work I want to achieve immortality
through not dying
and friends that is what happens when you become a subgenius you don't die you live forever or
triple your money back eternal salvation or triple your money back as the old saw goes and I want to
say one more little quote have I already done these quotes I can't even remember
Groucho Marx said marriage is a wonderful institution but who wants to live
in an institution friends let's go back to the tapes thank you
oh this this music in the background incidentally is of course Einstein's secret orchestra thank you
you're welcome
I was riding down main street in my car 41 under slung coupe I was all decked out in my blue suede
shoes and my hair was covered with goo I was listening to my radio and waving all the chicks
when the music stopped and the newsman said
we interrupt this program to bring you a special news bulletin
they destroyed the world the entire Los Angeles area
already hospital facilities have begun to crack under the strain and civil defense authorities
state the situation is much the same across the entire country martial law is now nationwide
major cities in all parts of the country in New York Los Angeles report plague victims falling
dead in the streets in their home at their work the first symptom appears to be severe choking
followed by immediate unconsciousness death occurs within minutes whether a state of war between China
in Russia still exists is not important any longer. Our fellow countrymen are dying. The
very foundations of civilization are beginning to crumble under the dread assault of that
horror, long feared germ warfare. Colorado Channel, this is a class one emergency. All
civilian traffic is barred from streets and highways. Stay in your homes. Stay in your
homes. Those found without specific military orders are subject to summary execution. Stay
in your homes. Repeat, Colorado Channel, this is a class one emergency. All civilian traffic
is barred from streets and highways. But as soon as we're gone, you folks who are here
unsaved, you folks listening by radio, you folks listening by record, who know not Jesus
Christ, once the church is gone, there's going to be a cataclysmic judgment, and millions
will die in those next few years.
Watch World War III on pay TV. Television can be quite a thrill. Sitting home in your
chair, watch the boys over there, charging across your TV screen, being blown to smithereens.
Watch World War III on pay TV. If you want to keep the kids at home, they'll be glued
to their sets, watching rockets and jets, blowing up schools and factories, putting
an end to the birds and bees. It's worth every penny to tune in and see who wins the Emmy
at the ruin of the academy. Watch World War III on pay TV.
Before your television bounces away.
All revved up and ready to go.
Turn around, go back down, back the way you came.
Can't you see that flash of fire, ten times brighter than the day?
And behold, a mighty city, broken in the dust again.
Oh, God, proud man.
Broken in the dust.
Broken in the dust again.
It's gonna be me, and it's gonna be you.
We're gonna do everything we want to.
It's gotta be now, and I can't wait.
Sink about a beer in all that pain and hate.
Oh, like a flame in the time that's burning.
It's gonna be like George Bush on a plane.
Staring into the cold.
Gonna be a new world.
Gonna be a new one.
If you can say it to anyone's life, words.
If there's nothing left for you, they say, soon you'll be dead anyway.
Well, there isn't.
Well, there isn't.




It's getting out of hand
It's all I'm feeling
Lost my mind and I don't care
So close your eyes
And get your hands off your mind
And think about the times
You've been and what they've been
To me it's not a game
To me it's not a game
To me it's not a game
To me it's not a game
We're only gonna die
From our own arrogance
That's why we might as well
Take our time
Oh, you're so slow
Oh, you're so slow
You can't stop me
You can't stop me now
Bob, Bob, Bob
Bob, Bob, Bob
Bob, Bob, Bob
You can't hide from J.R.R. Bob Jobs
And his face has been mimeographed
And put up in more places than yours has
You can't hide from God
You can't hide from J.R.R. Bob Jobs
Cause more people worship him than worship you
You can't hide from J.R.R. Bob Jobs
from jobs for these super you are
think of all the hate there is in red china then take a look around to selma alabama you may leave
here for four days in space but when you return it's the same old place the pounding of the drums
the pride and disgrace you can
you can bury
you can bury
you can bury your dead but don't leave a trace hate your next door neighbor but don't forget to say grace and tell me over and over and over and over again my friend you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction
oh no no you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction
oh no no you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction
oh no no you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction
oh no no you don't believe we're on the eve of destruction
mankind is garbage and womankind too cause your bottom line's how many people you screw
walking your way to the head of the pack by cheating deceiving and licking the crack
of dishonest people who think like you who want a jacuzzi and a room with a view
a wife who acts stupid and makes you feel right if she has big tits and her teeth look right
of course you respect her and your marriage won't flung as long as she's a big kisser and her teeth look right
As long as she puts out when you come home drunk
She thinks you're garbage and you think she's scum
You'll both be content if you manage to come
Promotions received when you lick the brown star
Just help reinforce what you think you are
It's not worth as much as a turd to me
You're a smegma on toast and that's all I can see
So call me a cynic and call me a bore
And don't change the truth that you're still a whore
To the worthless existence you know that you need
Fueled by the lies that you eat, sleep and breathe
Fueled by churches and unions and such
And corporate sleazeballs can't get enough
Prankstein, football, pretzels and beer
The problems, the commies, the Jews and the queers
You walk out as hell subterclused in the hills
Jack off with weight machines smooth as in pills
The money you've wasted on your muscle tone
Would be better spent on a coffin and stone
To lay you to rest in a permanent grave
Keepin' what's left which I gladly would save
So call me a cynic and call me a bore
To pay for the funerals of assholes like you
And Christ, Bob
On your grave in the fog in the deep chow
On your grave in the fog in the deep chow
On your grave in the fog in the deep chow
What of the limitless sex and violence
In the wake of Ragnarok?
Welcome to the slaughter
What are you going to do?
What will be your epitaph
When we get done with you?
Are you gonna cry for your mama?
Are you gonna have a good time?
Are you gonna be a bohub?
Are you gonna be a bohub?
Are you gonna turn to die?
Without a good place to cage in?
Bedlam all around
Parakeet here
Rural street in the Ragnarok party town
Bob the Gabler, he was very fun
He was very fun
He was very cool
He had a third-world war
Bobby Komodo, who almost fell off the floor
He said, I never engaged in this type of thing before
But uh, yes I believe it can be very easily done
Just put some breeches out in the sun
and uh, have an hour on Highway Sixty-One
Next day's a-comin'
And the pigs are bummin'
Next day's a-comin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the pigs are bummin'
And the benim
And the pemem



In my Jeep
Out here again
D Malaysian
Balfiction
Top Congratabt
I'm not a picture, I'm not a picture, I'm not a picture for you
Not a picture, not a picture for you
Guess I think I'll go back to beyond the veil
Way, way over here
If my baby don't love me no more
Lord, I know good will, Lord, that I'll hold you
Oh, sister, wait
Oh, sister, wait
Oh, sister, wait
Please, Papa, come kill me, Papa
I wanna die for Papa
I wanna die in a holy, holy thrill
But that's not the best I can do
Boys in the normal state
We have to
If we have to
Follow me and I
And we'll all come back over
And we'll all come back over
And we'll all come back over
Men all over
We will fly
Oh, yes, what a
Wonderful, wonderful tune
There from
From, uh, the good
The good, good
Reverend Doug No. 4
Who got scared by the Church of the Subgenius
Very shortly after doing
That very song
And, well, we never heard from him again
And for all I know, he might be listening to this show
Going, where's my royalties?
But, uh, well, he
He's not gonna lack for royalties
Dear friends, because he'll be on
Those saucers
And I hope
I hope that you will, too
I hope you'll join us there on that lovely day
But it is crazy that we've predicted these things
We said we were gonna do these things
And here we are
One month away
Are we rushing? No
Uh-uh
Have we done our test launchings? You bet
Are we happy with the results of the launches? Yep
You bet, most of the time
Uh, and, uh
Do we feel confident
Stepping into this, uh, pleasure?
You bet
You bet
We're there
We're there
So, the only question is
Are you gonna be there?
To witness it?
You mean you're just wanting to have yourself a
I've never fallen into the pits
Come on
You wanted to have yourself a trans-carnal, homosexual Chris with Bob Dobbs?
Well, it's not homosexual if it's with Bob
That's right
Bob is all that's a fantasy
I never understood that part
Bob is a male gender, isn't he?
Well, Bob said so
I mean, that's what he
Like, if Bob kinda gets ya
That's not like something to feel
You should be proud of yourself







So, Bob bends you over that log and says you gotta write pretty mouth
You got a ticket on that old, uh, red, I mean, uh
Hey, man, what do you think the job application's like around here?
I don't know
I heard some of them were in languages that no one's yet been able to figure out
Height, weight, tightness, lubricity, tongue speed
Lubriciness, sac clearance is a very important statistic
Seed sac or egg sac? That's the only thing you gotta answer on my questionnaire
Is you a seed sac or is you an egg sac?
Well
That's all we are is a bunch of damn seed sacs and egg sacs
Ah
Hey, speak for yourself, bub
Well, you know, I'm
Bud
Some people bud
I'm not both, I'm a seed sac
Some are neither seed sac nor egg sac but merely bud hosts
Oh, yeah, well
These seed sacs by the seashore
I'm sure they could count
You could count many of them in your company, Sting
There's still time to turn your back on salvation
You can hit the off button on your CD player
And then you can play the song
You can change the radio station you're listening to
There's still time to turn your back on salvation
But not much time
And that's real
And it will become visible on X day
A glow that's visible even in daylight
Any given page of the printed word Bob will be
Not only of practical use as lamps in the dark
But more importantly, they'll be unthinkably valuable religious treasures, dear friends
The most valuable things on the whole planet
Because you're safer if you have that
If you've got a copy of the show with you
It tips your luck playing
It helps a whole lot against radiation and landslides and brain worms
And noise demons and nerve runners and all that
It isn't nearly like having a membership card
But it's a lot better than having nothing
Because, friends, your faith
Your faith in Bob will be all you have left on that day
And he'll know whether you believed in him
Wotan will know
And he will come
He will come to judge
And now, here are my predictions
Listen
Listen carefully
Join me in knowing the headlines of tomorrow today
I'm not gonna judge you
But I'll see you do your thing
I'm judging you
I predict public executions will be shown on television
Sponsored by your local gas company
Securing the faith
That the future is filled with good things for you and yours
I predict that LSD, marijuana, and speed can change your sex
Listen now to the headlines you will be reading in the coming prediction period
School built on sweet potato pie
Gee, that's a headline
If it were possible to spray small doses of LSD from an helicopter into the air
People would soon quieten and not be hurt
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
She is a cutie, isn't she?
What a girl
Right on campus as part of getting high
I mean, uh, getting a higher education
Which is just wonderful in any language
Here's Bobby
LSD is running its mad course
With babies now being born hideously deformed
From women whose chromosomes are permanently damaged by this drug
Which was invented originally by the chemical warfare branch of the United States Army
As a vicious weapon to be used against an enemy
Here you see the heroic robots, the leadys
Who defended San Francisco against the dastardly attack
All right, I've seen enough
Well, you know, who knows what could happen here?
Bob got to Reagan in time and saved him
And President Bush is, uh, we think he's gonna be getting better soon
1983 will be seen in the first televised executions
Don't you mean the clone of President Bush?
Well, he...
That goes without saying
I don't expect him to believe that
We can't ask, we can't ask totally
They have entire clone farms there in Argentina
Basically all our world leaders and politicians are only clones of their original...
Cells, their original brains taken out
And, uh, replaced by robotic, exist green energy demon brains
Like the ones that work at convenience stores
It's right over my right
What is it?
I gotta get out of here
This won't trouble you, go on
You're remembering everything now
And I try to maintain control
So Betty cannot tell that I am scared
Oh, I am so scared
Then go on
This won't hurt you, experience it
It won't harm you now
I gotta get my gun!
I gotta get my gun!
I gotta get out of here!
I gotta get my gun!
I gotta get my gun!
I can't!
I can't!
I can't!
I can't!
I can't!
They're not emotional
Angels don't have any emotions
Gentlemen, the situation at this time is so serious that it's the worst in human history
The fate of the entire Earth is in our hands
Every hour we are getting news that our factories and our refineries and schools are being attacked with rays of an unknown origin
They haven't been analyzed so far
Thousands of people are dead
The attacks are not coming from outer space, our scientists say
And certain monsters have been seen that appear to come from before the Ice Age, long before the history of mankind
They have to be stopped!
Professor, I know you've been in this book line study for many years
You know more about them than we do
Tell us, what should we do?
Hmm...
Don't go up there at night
Stay in the sunlight
Keep yourself safe and secure
And in the daylight, we'll draw you out of there
You've got to use all your power to knock them out
All your power, believe me
Laser guns?
Laser guns
Not only laser guns, but your crew
Get them up there and knock them out
The mushrooms appear
You'll be sipping your beer
Zooming in will zoom our limbs
Watching while the whole world ends
It's worth every penny
To tune in and see
Who wins the Emmy
At the ruin of the academy
Watch World War III
On TV
Before your television melts away
La la la la
Before your television bounce away.
I like them in beans.
I like them in beans, too.
I like anything in beans.
I like when Mr. Beans and some of the other Lagoon family comes over and bothers my children.
And eats them.
He eats my children.
He bites their heads off and then he shacks out the inside.
And then he sticks his tongue out.
Hey, you guys, I was thinking of rotating out myself.
Your what?
I was thinking of rotating out so Bleepo can call.
I want to get back to burning memories.
I got a memory burner.
A memory burner?
Somebody donated this memory burner to the church.
It's taken me two days to get it up and running, but I can burn memories now.
It's like if I experience something, I can flop it on this little disc
and burn the memory.
It's like if you give me your brain, I can burn that memory over to your brain.
Wow.
It's just like erasing the bad experience.
Well, I wanted to chat with you.
No, no, it doesn't erase anything.
It's more like sharing the bad experience.
Oh, man, I thought you had a sure way out where you'd burn that memory and everything
that went with it was gone like it never happened.
Well, once you've burned the backup copy, you can erase the master.
And then if you ever need something from that bad memory, you can just install the backup.
Yeah, you've still got the memory on a disc.
And you can...
You can, you know, if you have to have it.
Well, I...
Yeah, but it's a little complicated because we have to take the bulk eraser and run it
over the plate in your head a few times in order to erase the original memories.
Then we have to load all the good memories back in just so that...
Oh, let me rub your head.
...you can save up all the room that was in other ways taken up by the bad memory.
Okay, well, I...
So it's not all bad.
Well, I needed to chat with you sometime about artwork-y kind of things, so I'll give you
a ringy dingy one of these here days.
Well, things have slowed down temporarily.
Uh, a lot.
Although, next we have Portland and then both, you know, X Day, hell, we'll have all
the time in the world after July 5th, 1999.
That's right.
There won't be any more days as we know them.
Yeah.
As men reckon time.
No.
As Dave reckons bacon.
In pain.
There'll be all that extra time for you to have those necrophilia experiments and to
just, I don't know, sit by the riverside smoke lemonade...
One month from today.
...longer than one.
One month.
Is there a phone number?
Is there a phone number, Reverend, that people can call to find out about that one month

Uh-oh, he picked up the telephone.
Yeah, there...
Damn it, where is...
I should have that number right in front of me.
There is...
It's the Devival Hotline number.
Oh, wait, I can tell you what it is.
It was misprinted in the last Dark Fist.
Oh, my.
And I know the correction.
It is...
Here is the number.
It's the Devival Hotline number.






I'll give you the number for the Devival Hotline.
Area code 216...
Oh, it's right there in Cleveland.
Uh-huh.
5560338.
That's the subgenius Devival Hotline.
Information on X day.
216-556-0338.
There you go.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
And now...
I'll send you a tape of that little spiel I did earlier, too.
I got some tapes for you, so I'll send those along.
Yeah.
In fact, if you can't...
If you don't know how the heck you're gonna get to Brushwood, hey, try the subgenius rides
board.
There you go.
Then you can...
At www.subgenius.com slash rides...
You might find somebody to hang out and sleep with the whole festival.
Yeah, but don't hang out with the rides spore.
Remember that.
It's different than the rides board.
The rides spore...
If you can't bring them to sleep with that...
If they're quicker than any of us because they're airborne...
The rides...
You don't hang out with the rides spore.
And folks, if you're planning to camp out at Brushwood, remember to bring lots of penicillin,
rattlesnake...
And socks.
... antidote, face-riping bat sperm antidote pudding.
Needless to say, I don't know.
Yeah.
And extra socks.
Per carload.
Dental dams, bacon, bacon...
Full-body condoms.
Bacon stairs.
Yeah.
Double-headed dildos.
Really?
You think we're...
Double-headed dildos.
We don't need to encourage them to bring...



Bring more of those.
There's gonna be plenty of them as is.
I told you we'd make it.
My ship doesn't get radar challenged leaving Mars.
You know that my father's rocket attack is planned for 8 a.m. tomorrow, Earth time.
Yes, I know.
But what you probably don't know is that Moon is sending two waves of attacking rockets.
Two waves?
Why?
For 50...
There's something happening right before our eyes that's more clear than the face
of the sky.
And yet many are overlooking it.
What's happening?
The moon is sending two waves of attacking rockets.









Long ago, the prophets of Israel predicted a very precise pattern of events that would
all come together and so forth.
Now, there would be general signs in the weather and in physical phenomena.
Dorothy saw a cloud on the horizon even.
It was big and black.
And from the north she heard something.
Loud.
We all saw it.
Heaven's to the market side.
That sound could mean only one thing.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob will protect you.
Who?
Who's Bob?



Uh, if you don't know that, I can't tell you.
We're gonna be just like him.
33 years old, I don't know.
Nobody else really knows.
All I know is our body will be just like his.
No death, no sickness, no sorrow, no need of rest.
You won't have to go to bed at night, lock your door.
An eternal, glorified body just like his.
Now, Bob, I think I got a little problem.
Is the UFO mystery truly a scientific water gate?
An incredible and dangerous cover-up?
Understanding of the UFO may be beyond our science and our knowledge.


The UFO is a human political system.
... twisted them to fit the Nazi ideology.
Thank you.
Um, and Bob, by the way, is running for Big Brother or, uh, Universal Overlord or County
Clerk in 1984.
Yeah, that's right.
We weren't here.
He knows he's not gonna win, uh, Big Brother.
It's just to plant the seeds in the minds of the people.
Bob either wants to be, uh, County Clerk or, uh, Over God of all reality, uh, in 1984.
Well, as Alex said, Bob's a big brother.









He's a big brother to the two Christians that are running for it.
As Alistair, as Alistair Crowley once said, if I, uh, if I can't be God, I'm not gonna
play.
This ain't no video game church.
It ain't no church of bingo.
It's a church of Bob.
It's a Bob righteous church.
I don't see what the hell's going on here.
What the hell?
Did you know that heaven, Christian heaven is hotter than the Christian hell?
Yes, the Christian heaven is hotter.
That's because there are seven suns out of seven.
But there's no genius hell in fun.
Oh, yeah, all your friends will be down there.
God's right.
God's right.





Spread the word.
Hey voila!
Yo, where'd you get to?



Oh, give me a game began to repaired!


We got that shit.

That's seconds.







I want toラndyt 사람�e electric smart.
Yeah.
But there wasn't никак nos or cash in there.



I don't think I kill somebody in the station.
Oh.
of truth manifested beyond transubstantial odd.
All being and non-being, neither mind nor Buddha, in all embracing imminence and itself,
paradoxes are unveiled.
Contradiction collapses where boundaries failed, plunging into the vortex of darkness divine,
entering the void where all things intertwine.
This is the existence of the non-existence.
A duality expressing the radiance of ultimate reality.
The non-existence of the non-existence.
The non-existence of the non-existence.
The non-existence of the non-existence.
And turn the key.
Turn the key.
Throw me inside.
I'm not gonna wait for anyone anymore.
No.
I'm not gonna wait for anyone anymore.
No.
I wanna disappear.
I wanna disappear.

I wanna disappear.






Go to the proud, without the clown.
My grasp grows clenched against a cloud of clouds, I come down with the real and land
on you.
Once you're what we got going, you're merged to what we are doing, turn off the water
and start the calling.
broadcast on audiobook.com
I'll be really busy playing weird since they aren't here.
guitar solo
I'm not gonna love anyone anymore
I'm not gonna love anyone anymore
I'm gonna bury the tears so I can get out
And let it rot
Forever
I wonder what we got done
I wonder what we are doing
Turn off the water and stop the flow
Little white trees will they implode
And will they rise from you to go away
Ladies and gentlemen, St. Kenneth Huey.
St. Kenneth Huey.
All right, well, when the Popess Lilith and I
were first discussing what I might say to you here tonight,
she made one point very, very strongly to me.
She said, these things always go better
if you start out with a funny story.
So I went back to the old subgenius joke book,
and I found a little item that starts out like this.
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why did the chicken cross the road?


Anybody here tonight know the answer to that?
That's nice.
That's pretty sweet, yeah.
But the thing of it is, to be quite frank with you,
I don't really give a good damn about no chickens,
because all I can think about is salvation.
That's why I've got Bob on the brain.
Bob on the brain.
Bob on the brain.
How many?
How many of you here tonight have got Bob on the brain?
Well, that's good.
Because, you know, there isn't anything more important
than J.R. Bob Doggs,
the living avatar of slack.
That's something they used to drill into our heads
every day at the subgenius school for slackers.
And I mean that literally.
Big.
Loud.
Heavy-duty industrial drills.
All caked up with dried blood and hair
and bits of bone and brain.
Man, I mean to tell you, I still get the worst headaches.
But it's worth it, because I've got Bob on the brain.
Bob on the brain.
Bob on the brain.
Of course, that was back in the old days.
For all these educational innovations you've got now,
like teaching and learning.
Yeah, you young folks today, you've got it awful sweet,
don't you?
What with your cable TV and your pornographic video games
and your hyper-violent internet.
Well, things may have been tough
when I was a boy.
But I mean to tell you, we'd sit in front of a teeny-weeny little television screen,
black and white TV screen, teeny-tiny little TV screen,
for hours.
And did we complain?
No, sirree, we liked it.
Because we had Bob on the brain.
Bob on the brain.
Bob on the brain.
Boo!
Boo!
Boo!
Boo!
Boo!
Boo!
Boo!
Boo!
Boo!
Boo!
Boo!
Boo!

That was back in the 50s, you know.
Not long after J.R. Bob started his modern-day ministry,
my daddy used to like to tell a story
about how he came home one day,
after a long hard day working in the mines,
to find this strange smiling man sitting in the living room,
sitting in the living room,
talking to my mother,
who was pretty well along in the family way with me at the time.
And this Bob's fella, he had his sample case open,
brochures and vibrating G-gaws and who knows what all,
spread out all over the table.
And this Bob's fella, he was explaining to my mother
that he could guarantee her the brightest future any mother could ever dream of for her child,
and all it would take,
would be one extra little booster shot of his high-quality subgenius jism.
Now I know all you horny little subgenius monkey-spikers here tonight
are wondering if my parents were such a couple of knuckle-dragging morons
that they'd buy a load of crap like that.
But let me hasten to remind you that J.R. Bob Dobbs is,
the world's greatest salesman.
And if he wants to sell you a load of crap,
by the time he's through talking,
your mouth will be watering,
you'll be down on your knees begging for an extra heaping helping.
That's true.
So before he left the next morning,
Bob had signed up both of my parents for his brand new church of the subgenius,
and by the time I came along,

they were well established in the local clinch.
They'd be going from door to door,
witnessing,
visiting with the sick,
the lonely,
the elderly,
the feeble-minded,
peddling dope to school children.
How I wish I could remember those fine, fine pills of Bob they used to dispense so freely.
But I have,
I do have many, many fond memories of growing up in the local clinch,
and the church community in those days.
For instance, going to subgenius summer camp every year.
I don't suppose many of you here tonight have ever been to a real old-fashioned subgenius summer camp, have you?
No, that's sad.
You know, I've still got the cap I used to wear.
Say, could you hand me my cap over here?
Thank you kindly, sister.
Bob's blessing be upon you tonight.
See, it's got the picture of Bob real nice and big on the front there.
You know, we used to call this the front of the cap,
back before you young whippersnappers came along and realized we'd been wearing them the wrong way around all these years.
So, all of us pink diaper babies used to love going to subgenius summer camp.
I don't suppose many of you here tonight have ever heard that phrase, pink diaper babies, have you?
Well, let me explain that to you.
When you're a little baby, sucking on your mommy's kitty,
you know you've got slack, but you don't really understand it.
I mean, you're just a baby.
So you might think that slack is your poopy.
And the little subgenius babies, they have two different ways that they think about that.
Some of the little subgenius babies like to spread their slack around, share it with everybody,
smear it on the walls, dump it on the furniture, lob it at the cap.
But sometimes, the little subgenius babies will feel like there's not enough slack to go around for everybody,
like they've got to keep it all to themselves.
And they'll just kind of clench up tight and grab on like it's for dear life,
get all bound up.
And you know that ain't healthy.
So the subgenius parents, they learn this quick pretty quickly.
Trick pretty quickly.
You'll like this one a lot.
It's very logical.
I think Mr. Spock wrote it down in his Alien Baby book.
What you do is when you're washing a load of the baby's diapers,
you throw something red into the wash.
That was pretty easy back in the 50s,
because there was a red under the diaper.
It was under every bed.
And you know what happens when you pull the diapers out of the wash?
They're all pink.
And you put those pink diapers on the little subgenius babies,
and, well, naturally, their little subgenius poop holes just turn right around
and take aim just like they would at anything pink and let her rip.
Steamin' hot and bloody of it.
Whoa.
Ken Huey, dear friends in Seattle.
The pretty song you heard was Maggie, Pierce, and E.J.
And that was Frederick Thordendal doing the Beefheartian weirdness.
And, uh, thank you.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Uh.
Hey.
Oh.
Uh.
Uh.
Uh.
Uh.
Uh.
Bye now.
