Hello, all of you nice people. I thought maybe you'd like to see some...
Who could that be?
I'll go see that.
Yes?
Who is this?
The Self-Genius Power of Swatch.
It's alive.
Kill it.
It has a head, arms, legs, a body.
Legs.
Something terrible is taking place inside that glass tank.
That's true, but...
Oh, I think that's true.
Well, unfortunately, it's true.
Yes, Ted, it's true.
I'm afraid so.
I know it sounds fantastic, but that monster was a fantastic monster.
Look how it crawls back and forth through the lab.
Quick, it's coming this way.
Some elementary organisms are like that.
Thanks to Pete Forkins for launching PSP.
And now to Mr. Shakespeare.
And contrapedier.
Quest

Are you sure?
Yes.
That's great to hear.
Look, best friend.
God bless you.
Come along around here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.

Praise Bob.
And now Chief Bob with a special message.
But first, boys and girls, let's listen to this.
Five bells.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Presenting the true to life story of fire, fire.
Fires burning and fire burning and fire burning fire.
Fire.
Oil cans next to the hot cinder box.
In a moment, you can help fire.
But first, boys and girls, let's listen to this message.
Hello, boys and girls.
I suppose a good many of you do your playing after school in dried leaves, rubbish, separately,
or a combination of them that always seem to be around town.
If you and your friends would make a possible fire menace, it would be a nicer place to play.
You just remember that.
Now, until we meet again next time, so long.
Be sure to join us next time for another exciting episode of Fire Fighters.
Let's take another caller here.
Hello, you're on the air.
Yeah, I just wondered if everybody.
Else's hair was on fire.
If it was just me.
Is that Dave that just dragged himself in?
Yeah, I dragged myself in.
I caught my hair on fire a little while ago.
I'm not saying I caught.
I think it could be spontaneous combustion.
Well, it could be either spontaneous combustion.
It could be, you know, like government ray guns and stuff like that.
It's your brain, dude.
It's that sexy brain you have.
Your brain is so hot.
It set your hair on fire.
Okay, then that could be number three.
And number four could be that I was reaching under barbecue and I hit my head.
Ooh.
And put a.
Oh, you turned it on.
Ooh.
I don't know what I was doing, rustling around under there.
Maybe that didn't happen either.
Well, hopefully cooler heads will prevail.
Yeah.
Everything costing more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more.
Help, help, help, help.
The sky turned black over parts of Texas.
This is Bob.
The good news is the 100 sexiest women in the world.
Number one this year.
Hurricane Katrina.
It's incredible.
Katrina, get over here.
No synthetics.
Yes, yes.
No, no.
Yes, yes.
No, no.
My real social security number is 457-555-462-555-552-425-554-6666-5777-555-462-2645-555-774-555-854-8080.
Mm-hmm.
Hillary is.
Something's wrong with her.
Mom, Hillary's a terrible person.
Probe.
President Bush.
The Democratic presidential candidates are increasing their president's entertainment tonight.
Psychiatric disorders.
Berserk, you know, you know.
Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen.
Yes, listening can make you berserk in this modern age, especially if you're listening to the hour of slack number 1,160.
That cut was by noralpref.com.
And before that and next, some radio synesthesia from WCSB Cleveland with Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
host Dr. Sinister, guests Rocknar, Pisces, yours truly and others.
And before that and later, Leemur, Fernanda Leemur's collages.
And there was a beatbox sort of song there called Ba Box, which is by The Large, whatever that is.
And if you listen longer, this show will continue to rape your very brain.
My brain has been made love to too many times by too many pipe-smoking salesmen.
Oh, okay.
And I bought every time. I fell for it. I bought it.
Stang's brain is easy.
Yes.
Yeah. Wasn't there a movie with that title?
Stang brains are easy?
Yeah.
They're not bad over easy, I've heard.
Hmm.
There was that one, you know.
Your brain is kind of angry?
You know that there was a Hannibal Lecter movie where Hannibal Lecter drugged a guy
and then cracked his skull open carefully and fed it in his brain while he was still alive.
That's based on the subgenius initiation.
Yeah.
I'll never forget that day.
Except for the brain is not eaten. It's just gently licked three times and then given the old middle finger pat.
Oh, sure. Nowadays. But back in the old days, they actually did take a straw and sup of the brain, the gray living human or subgenius brain.
If you can trephinate well enough, you can just get a straw in there and have a couple slurps and then the person goes resumes life normally.
Or at least.











However they lived before.
Well, we're talking about subgeniuses, so it's hard to tell the difference.
Between what?
Well, between before and after the lobotomy.
You sound so scrumptious.
Right. You're not, you know, there's not that much more missing than was already missing after that operation.
Ah.
Have I been missing out on the person?
I'm sorry, Pisces. I'm sorry. I guess you didn't get that invitation, huh?
No.
It was sent psychically.
We'll have to correct that oversight. I'm sure you'll get an invitation to the next brain orgy.
Oh, we don't want to leave anybody out.
It's like ordering an EF.
Well, we leave the brains out.
That's all. Until people have had their fill.
You can be rejected, but if you're aware, you will get an invitation usually.
Maybe you just didn't check your inbox.
Maybe you've already been to one and that's why you don't remember.
Right.
That's my problem.
You're missing now.
I don't know how many times I've been the main course at one of those things.
Mm-hmm.
My brain is so insatiable. I'm surprised.
And it may just be that, you know.
My brain just didn't think that the brain orgies were enough.
You know, maybe my brain just forgot about it because it wasn't fulfilling enough.
Maybe I just weren't.
I've never eaten brains, but then.
I've never been to that paradox that the apostate Jainer Hypercleits enunciated,
which is that you can't think about your own brain.
Right.
But some will instruct you to do so.
You can't be clear of those people because they're trying to confuse you.
If you concentrate on your own brain too long, it will evaporate just like bad water.
I've never actually eaten brains, but one time a brain tried to eat me.
Oh, man.
You don't want to get into one of those things, especially an emergency room, trying to explain it.
Yep.
My brain is eating me.
Okay, sir, sit down for a minute.
Somebody will see you shortly.
Yeah.
But my brain is eating me, you know.
No.
You got a problem, Jack?
Well, I'm just trying.
I'm just.
Start him, show him, and I keep being interrupted.
You want to.
Show him.
Show him, interrupt him.
Show him, Jesse him.
What?
You don't understand that Jesse.
Don't flip on me.
I'm off him.
Jesse.
Not Jesse.
Get Jesse away from the microphone.
I don't want to talk to Jesse.
And tonight on Viewer's Playhouse, we have The Valley of Slug Women, four stars.
And there's a great synopsis, too.
It says, a story blazing from the pages of.
History.
Now Mammoth Pictures presents the event of the epoch, two million years in the making,
Hannah Banana in the Valley of Slug Women.
The Valley of Slug Women, the age long saga of Ooh La La, the tall, shapely, incredibly
attractive prehistoric woman whose civil rights and rights as a woman and right to be free
to be you and me are brutally suppressed by the sexist reactionary, hairy male chauvinist
macho tribe.
See Ooh La La leave the lowbrow Neanderthals far behind as she invents fire, the wheeled
language.
Printing movable type, the steam engine and the female response.
See the voluptuous Ooh La La as she must totally submit time after time to the brutal sexual
advances of Bruto.
Bruto and his band of slumbers.
Who plays Bruto?
In that version, I mean.
A lumpy, incredibly unattractive caveman.
And she doesn't enjoy it one bit.
She just gives in to her superiority and everything.
Now the most significant event of our time.
Don't miss out.
Get in line now to see the first in the Slug Women trilogy.
The Valley of Slug Women.
Slug Women from the fashionably trendy paperback novel by G.E.M.
Awful.
The Valley of Slug Women.
Looks like she's working on the pretty dress over there.
The Can of the Bear Slug Women.
And the last in the series, The Cave of the Bear Slug Women.
I mean, some kind of reproduction machine there.
The Valley of Slug Women.
He lived in the tunnels and only come out at night.
His mind was gone but...
Ooh.
Good.
Pa?
Mark?
Pa.
Mark?
Mark?
Mark.
Mark?
Mark?
Mark?
Pa!
All right.
Hold it.
Mark, what are you doing in there?
But, Pa.
There was more gold than one man could use.
That's gold to me, Mark.
Real gold.
The gold was there.
Right within reach.
We have gold?
I touched it.
That's gold, isn't it?
You're right, Pa.
We really are rich.
We're very rich.
You know something?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
We're rich.



Pa!
Pa!
All right!
정방 대�손!
But I was a good old man.
Uh-huh.
I loved that poor marital home, but stop.
I liked that.


né SyBACK的时候
Susytherenne tếm 훢 벙건
and why they were flat, they didn't have that sub-carrier wave that kind of gets you off now
to the new TV. And I understand that next year you'll have to buy the new TV set with the new
improved brain control waves, right? Yeah, that is correct from what I understand.
You will not be, unless you're watching an old VHS or a DVD, you will not be permitted
to watch television either unless you have the special equipment on your body.
This is the night of the Holy Hand. So there's been all this talk in science. Let's talk science
for a minute. Well, can I ask you one question? Kind of a scientific question. What? Is it true
that you've heard that there is a dangerous sorcerer or a demon, perhaps it speaks from
Dick Cheney's navel? Really? I don't think that's scientific. Well, I don't think it is either. I
think it sounds like superstition. It couldn't possibly be true. It has nothing to do with it.
That sounds like an urban legend to me.
Oh yeah, that's not science. That's pseudoscience. That's false science. Okay.
But now scientists are pretty convinced that, we're talking all about this lately.
The day of the Lord is at hand. They're pretty convinced that
we need to deprovincialize ourselves one step further. And we thought that this universe was
the only one. And it turns out that they're pretty convinced that there's just multitudes
of varied universes all existing. They're real convinced of that, huh?
Well, if dogs can have multitudes.
If we can have multiple orgasms, why can't we have multiple universes?
Mathematically.
Have you ever done the math with your slide rule and your calculator?
No, but I'm open to whatever. You know, people come up with just as valid as anything I come across
anywhere else.
Well, you know as well as I do that for all you know, all that math that they keep talking about.
It's not real math.
Might as well be the same as the totem pole that some medicine man tells everybody to worship.
Maybe, but it's the best bet we got.
Well, it's an invasion.
I mean, it's led us farther than we thought. Well, it's an invasion.
It's more like a meta.
We have probes going all over the universe.
What telephone poles have taken us to the moon, Larry?
I've been to the moon.
Not on a telephone pole.
Not the way you're talking about.
And I don't see no weird like eagles or thunderbirds on top of any ladder of numbers.
We're building a space station that got, you know, science, you know, we understand a lot about a lot of things, DNA.
Well, Hitler almost built a science station with the world of fire and ice.
So it's gotten us a lot farther than all the other, you know, things.
You've actually gotten things.
But Hitler built, almost built science with fire and ice.
Science is the most exacting religion.
They don't know what I'm talking about.
The theory of fire and ice.
Hitler's theory of science was totally whacked out and yet he produced all this weird stuff.
Well, he didn't produce anything.
Well, they had the best Nazi flying saucers in the whole hollow earth.
Well, they believed in all this anti-grav stuff, but, you know, it didn't have any...
And they came out with that movie, Ilse, She-Wolf of the SS.
Well, that was pure science right there.
They work for the CIA now.
Who does? Elsa?
Where are all those Nazi scientists, dude?
No, they're all in their 90s now. I think they're too old unless they're taking Islan.
Islan?
Islan.
Your island paradise on the moon.
Attended to your every wish by a Nazi scientist from the year Zip.
Here's Klaus Freudrich, an early inventor of the U2, preparing to offer you a jelly donut.
And here's you, spending over a log in a hot sun.
As Ilse, the She-Wolf of the SS, hands you her slide roll.
Freud will make you his jelly donut.
And he has to.
You hear a lot of talk about the ecumenical movement.
They say that we should get together and all be one big family.
Has it caught a sign that you who put a smile on my face?
I guess they want the devil to be the ecumenical man.
I'm not the devil.
I'm the devil.
I'm the devil.
I'm the devil.
I'm the devil.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
You're preposterous.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
Our God doesn't operate that way.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
You're preposterous.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
Ridiculous.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
Nonsensical.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
How can cultists go twisted for her?
The brain is supposed to be the brain.
But the Bible actually says.
Our churches today are full of a bunch of spiritual retards
with a bunch of brain flexors for preachers.
And they haven't figured out that this thing is for real.
And that we are in a war.
I push off.
I am God.
We are all God.
You are this everywhere.
We are all God.
We are free from danger.
I am God.
You are God.
We are all God.
We are free from danger.
I am God.
Nonsensical.
I am God.
Not again.
I am God.
You are God.
Inner balance.
We are all인.
We are all God.
We are free from danger.
And good things come from fear.
I am God.
May all beings everywhere be enabled.
We are all be enabled.
I am God.
You are lives in peace.
We are all God.
And unless we are free of fear,
and as far as I'm concerned,
are peaceful and happy,
I'd be glad when black people,
we cannot fully bring another to peace and happiness.
So just once more with feeling.
If I had my way,
I would be God Almighty and just wipe them off the planet.
Because as you know, as well as I do,
white people are damn to damn nation.
Don't see them and they can be saved.
Oh, shit.
I am God.
I am God.
Accursed.
You are God.
Anguished.
We are all God.
Burned.
Condemned.
I am God.
Made.
All.
You are God.
Everywhere.
We are all God.
Free.
From danger.
Demon.
I am God.
Free.
You are God.
Destruction.
We are all God.
Scared.
Horrible.
Tribulation.
I am God.
Made.
Fearful.
You are God.
Fiery.
We are all God.
Judgment.
Free.
From the darkness.
I am God.
Rude.
The first.
You are God.
Perish.
Free.
We are all God.
Punished.
Wail.
Sweet.
Every.
There are lots of gods out there.
Every.
But the God of the Christian Bible is the only one.
Death is absolutely.
I am God.
Until the end.
You are God.
From the beginning.
We are all God.
And He was the only one.
He was the only one.
I am God.
And yet.
You are God.
Our people don't understand.

We are all God.
What we have learned.
I am God.
You are God.
We are.
We are all God.
We are able.
To carry on.
And unless we are free of fear.
Yes.
Yes.

Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
And Bob, that was by
Negative Land from their album
Free, and before that we heard some old
ESO radio from WCSB
Cleveland with the host
the late Chaz Smith
who was early
and who was early
getting the Planet X.
That was one of the things that blew our minds.
And then the other thing that blew my mind was cocoa wheat.
Cocoa wheat?
Cocoa wheat is apparently another Michigan specialty,
which is basically chocolate cream with wheat.
No, they have cocoa wheat in Ohio as well.
My brain just could not process that concept.
I can't believe they don't have cocoa wheat in the D.C. area.
They don't.
I thought cocoa wheat were everywhere.
Well, that's okay.
I thought grits were everywhere when I was growing up.
Yeah, no kidding.
How about Weetabix?
Weetabix?
It's New Zealand cereal.
It's made out of those Witta bugs.
It's great, actually.
You know, like shredded wheat, that kind of thing.
Yeah, yeah.
In fact, it's being made in the U.S., but it's crappy.
That kind of cardboard-tasting stuff.
It's labeled organic, which usually means it's just not going to taste very good.
If it's in a box, you know, as opposed to vegetables,
but supposedly has some nutritional benefit.
That's not even the idea behind it.
Actually, all organic means is that it is not, you know, used to...
They don't use a synthetic fertilizer or bug spray or whatever.
It may not be good for you, but at least it doesn't have bug spray.
What about the good old days?
When you put organic on the label, that meant there were some damned organs in there, you know?
Yeah.
Not anymore.
Not anymore, no.
Especially sense organs are all taken out of the cereal.
It's a good selling point, though.
They say that organic may be better for the soil.
You know, when you just dump a whole bunch of nitrates into the soil to make your crops grow faster,
that eventually depletes the nutrients in the topsoil.
And, you know, they just use this really simple potassium, nitrogen, phosphorus fertilizer that is sorely lacking.
And the kinds of trace minerals you would expect to find in rich earth.
And, you know.
And it also poisons the water supply, too.
Well, we get a lot of vegetables from the farmer's market, luckily, because Princess Weave works downtown.
And is able to go in there real easily.
And that way, you don't know what you're getting.
But at the supermarket, you know you're getting it covered with bug spray.
Right.
At the farmer's market, you have no idea.
So it's possible that it really is organic.
Like they say it is.
And more unlike the edible watering.
Yeah, I like bug spray, you know.
If you eat enough pesticide-laden foods in the summertime, it'll keep the mosquitoes away.
That's a good insecticide.
Your own repellent.
Good.
You're a mean one.
From PR News in Washington, I'm straining both personal and government budgets.
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown says,
Freeze the overseas assets.
Freeze the biggest assets.
Gas and gases.
Brown not speaking today.
Mr. Bush said that Pakganister FTAF test of Stankist's bait and Stankist's tank is packed right to scan fat there.
PR has more from southern PR's in a stand.
The PR's in any government suffered further embarrassment on Friday night in PR's stand.
On Wall Street, down 49.9.
President Bush says this is PR news.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke is one of the most important challenges facing the nation.
Bernanke falls into 3.0.
Three major areas.
Improving access to PR for the millions of Americans who lack PR news.
Improving the quality of PR and controlling PR news from Washington.
One and a half foot tall.
Focusing on one person really indicates to me people don't understand the scope of the mission.
Terror is bigger than one person.
And he's just a person who's now been marginalized.
His network is his host.
His host.
His host government has been destroyed.
He's the ultimate parasite who found weakness, exploited it,
and met his match.
If he's alive at all.
Who knows if he's hiding in some cave or not.
We hadn't heard from him in a long time.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, you were talking about the next step in human evolution or so-called human evolution.
Oh, that was a little paid sent along the time continuum from our friends in the far ahead.
Well, you know, I came across an idea of my own there and I wiped it off and I said,
what about the next step in evolution being that of schizophrenicus rationalis?
How does that strike you?
Well, there's a good reason.
There's a good reason to think that there's not going to be any more evolution.
So, whoop it up.
Well, we gotta, we gotta pretend like there's a future.
I mean, what's the point?
I ain't saying there's no future.
I'm saying there is no more evolution.
That is, no more extrasomatic forces that cause evolution.
So, we've hit the ceiling, as it were.
Not necessarily, but we're going to have to take charge of it ourselves now.
Why?
What do you mean?
Well, because your evolution, your natural selection, if you are a good Darwinian,
is a result of what happens to you.
But if you are one of these so-called intelligent beings, you're controlling what happens to you.
That's what the Nazis...
Thus, you're a monkey in evolution.
That's what the Nazis tried to do, wasn't it?
They tried to take matters into their own hands and shape the genetic pool themselves.
Well, that was one slight aspect of it.
If it had turned out that breeding for their so-called Aryans, which, of course, don't actually exist in genetics,
if that had been for good survival characteristics,
then they might have indeed improved the race.
But unfortunately, that was not really their intention.
It was not evolutionary.
It was a bit of a fuzzy thinking, I guess.
Well, I wouldn't call it fuzzy, but they believed some strange things.
For example, most of your top-flight Nazis believed that giant chunks of ice were flying through space
and were going to hit the Earth and cause the doom of everything.
Really?
Yes, it was called the...
Well, I forget the German, but it was called the World Ice Theory.
And the top-end...
The USS man believed in it, even though this was scientifically thought to be absurd.
No one dared complain about it.
So they embraced the...
It was one of the ritual beliefs that was fostered by Heinrich Himmler and his pan-Germanism.
Does that relate to Velikovsky or anything?
It's even more absurd than Velikovsky.
But, of course, your unstable political minds are always susceptible to these cosmic mish-mashes of nonsense and non-sequitur.
So they like destructionism and everything, right?
No, they like fundamentalist Christians
and other misguided souls like to live in a tiny, cozy, neat, orderly universe that they can comprehend
instead of the large, unfathomable, and frightening evolutionary universe that we actually are forced to inhabit.
Yeah, the rationality just breaks down when you try to apply it to the universe.
It just doesn't work like that.
We're surrounded by things that just don't make sense.
Well, I don't know about that.
I'd rather choose to suppose that...
How do you explain mass murders and earthquakes killing...
That's the fact that we don't make sense.
The universe makes perfect sense.
We're the nonsensical particle in the equation.
And yet, without a position outside the spectrum of logic and truth, how could we observe it at all?
Otherwise, it would be a case of not being able to see the forest for the trees or the flowers for the bees.
In this great land of ours, from sea to shining...
It's a rabbit.
And so, once again, fat triumphs over thin, tall triumphs over short.
And big triumphs over little.
In the coming order, everyone will wear special shiny shoes.
And on each shoe will be a portrait of the Fuhrer, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And so Hal became crazed with radio power.
And soon he had Dobbs' image all over every color.
Even yours, Frank Bent, even Frank Bent was bent for the will of Uncle Harry.
We were stabbed in the back by the politician.
It is our destiny to go forward.
We will eliminate the inferior orders so that the true, big, alien race can suppress the inferior orders upon the face of this planet.
Well, get out, or I'll shoot out the car from underneath.
It is every subgenius' duty to exterminate these vermin.
They say we are prejudiced against minorities.
But I say we, we, we are the minorities.
We are the ones who are the most powerful.
And so we witness the self-immolation of an entire religious group.
My soldiers, I salute you.
I want you to go out and kill for old subgenius tech.
I want you to give them a person they won't forget.
Hey!
Hello, you're on the air.
I'm talking to you from inside, Bob.
Hi.
Oh, good.
I'm trying to give a speech here.
Get this man off the reviewing stand.
Oh, I'm coming back.
There he goes.
Steel-toed boots.
Well, you didn't have to hang up.
We were trying to rescue you.
Uh-oh, Frank Grant has been frustrated.
He's being carried away now by the security forces.
This is my last territorial demand in Europe.
Yes, HAL has lost his show mind.
Absorb the power he needs.
The greater subgenius Reich will last for a thousand years.
Why, your radio personality so decreed.
Lost in power, he struts down Shatter Cavern.
People call emergency services.
There's nothing the Berkeley police can do.
Out of my way!
But for you, caller, it's just another pretty night.
Sieg Freud on KPFA.
Sieg Freud.
It's Zupan!
The Adventures of Zupan.
Hello there, gang.
You know, one of the girls in the gang is colorful and nifty-looking.
Found to be a beauty.
Like that picture of Zupan himself, complete with soft red hair.
And that battered old top hat.
And Zupan insignia.
What's more, it's a load of dungs.
And now, the Adventures of Zupan.
After a dry spell in the Freeville area, Zupan disappears.
He's gone.
Weird. Listen.
Freeville. Where's that?
Oh, just down the street.
Wait a minute, that's not true.
I just left Freeville this afternoon.
Go on.
Look, gentlemen, let's waste time making jokes.
Okay, right.
Sorry.
Yes. Okay.
Now do you get it?
We'll return in a moment to find out.
Say, gang, there's the same sort of thrill for you when Mom opens a new package of Goofy Soup, man.
The Adventures of Zupan.
2728 Cold Sex Positions.
The cornerstone of civilization.
Sex Positions.
On demand. Forever.
You sexy mother.
Ready?
Homosexuality is proper, normal, and a healthy expression of love.
David and Jonathan were homosexual lovers.
104 skins and 10 reasons why he is a practicing homosexual, homosexual lesbian discipline.
Listen to me, America.
Present the homosexual lifestyle as normal, healthy, and exciting.
To give you an idea of the penetration, how to be gay, think about it.
Gender, identity, and expression.
Please.
President George W. Bush.
Some people just choose to be gay.
And I personally should be surely put to death.
Practice the homosexual lifestyle.
Male prostitutes, homosexual offenders will inherit the kingdom of God.
That's clear to me.
Boy meets boy.
One of the best things on television.
Boy meets boy.

Two homosexuals living together.
Two men in love.
Three men in love.
They're healthier.
They have fewer heart attacks and other diseases.
They have fewer problems with alcohol.
Behave in less risky ways.
They have more sex and more satisfying sex.
I don't know how they measure that.
I don't know.
Just groove to your own tune.
Do your own thing and arrive where you want to be.
Embrace homosexuality.
Go all the way.
I want to address all of the homosexuals in America who endorse homosexuality as an acceptable lifestyle.
I've gotten to where if I bite into a Hershey bar, it's like drinking a Coors.
You know, it's like, oh God, this is a hideous mockery of real talk.
And a deli.
I've been exposed raw bone to the true American culture, which is very watered down.
And now you're not fitting anymore.
You take something good and you water it down.
That's the secret to Americanizing anything.
I can't believe how much Miller Lite I drank in my life.
It makes me sick just thinking about it.
It made me sick when I drank it.
I smoked Lucky Swine.
I lived on the edge of the pool until they, you know, put me back in the institution.
You know, every day it's day to day.
You know, it just keeps...
I'm glad they're making a lease going topless on the buses now,
because that will encourage people to ride.
Really?
Right.
What if you're blind like me?
Does that encourage us to feel?
Right.
Yeah.
If you're on the metro in Vegas, I mean, somebody, some girl at work was telling me
that she was so lonely that no man would touch her.
And I said, well, ride the metro.
A woman was complaining that no man would touch her?
No man would touch her?
She must be picky.
She's just, she's one of those, you know, it frustrates me.
And it tends to be women who are at least late in Yeti.
It's not Yeti who are so clueless that they don't realize that men are hitting on them
because I don't know what they're waiting on.
I don't know if they're waiting for some magical sign from the heavens.
But, you know, the guy's sitting there smiling and grinning and drooling on himself.
Of course, you know, real, real, the pink men typically don't talk to us uberfits.
They're scared of us.
So then you're stuck with these Yeti men who are also scared, but when they talk,
they tend to sort of stutter and drool.
Hmm.
Yeah, and it's true.
They don't know when you're hitting on them because the idea of a woman hitting on them is so far-fetched to them.
What?
You know.
What's really sad is when they explain 15 years later that, hey, I was hitting on you.
What was wrong with you?
Oh, yeah.
I've done that several times.
Also consider that stuttering and drooling are definite assets in oral sex.
You know.
Hmm.
You could get a lot of mileage.
You should be quite happy to have Yeti men.
And to the point where the minister makes his comment about the air and thoughts and not being WCSB.
I think I've already aired all the required disclaimers.
Okay, good.
We were not crossing into the obscene there.
It's merely indecent.
Yeah, there's a difference.
We're still decently indecent.
I don't know.
The subgenius, the typical subgenius Bobby does not understand it.
And I guess it's because they're so used to the pink women who just sort of laugh at them.
Right.
That they just don't realize that the Ubercom really just wants you to generally shut up and get down to it.
Yeah, sometimes it just has to be explained.
And that takes all the fun out of it.
That is true.
Right.
You know, that's like, if I have to explain it to this guy, it's just not the same.
It's not worth it at that point.
You know, it's like, wow, I just wasted a whole bunch of time.
I could have been doing something else.
See, you guys are painting a picture now.
And what I see is like a woman who is like, resembles like a queen bee or an ant or something,
who has a large thing hanging out of her backside.
And she's pointing her backside at the Yeti man.
And the Yeti man is going like that.
That's pretty much it.
That's kind of sick.
Isn't it?
It's the Yeti mating.
I mean, that's how it works.
I mean, most Yeti mating rituals, I mean, tend to be instigated by the female.
And it takes so long, too.
You know, I've witnessed these things in the field, you know, on watching television programs about Yeti mating rituals.
And it takes like days for them to get it on.
Well, that's because the male Yeti is so clueless.
He's just sitting there.
Yeah, it's like the female is lubing up and getting ready for action.
And the male is still talking about some Lost in Space episode.
Or wishing he could get laid.
Exactly.
Or talking to his buddy about how much he wishes he could get laid.
And inherited some of those instincts.
That's the problem.
I mean, it's the only thing I could ask of the Yeti men in the Church of the Subgenius.
For them to just shut up and get on with it.
Well, you know, as Pope David N. Meyer said, some life forms have ironic sex lives.
Yeah.
Hmm.
There is certainly a lot of ironic tendencies there.
I mean, you know, I try to tell people, oh, but all I really want to do is have sex with your brain.
That's all I really want to do.
Squick.
Their brain isn't listening.
So what do I do?
How do I, tell me, thing, how do I get to have sex?
Wank.
Wank as if your very life depended on it.
Of course, I'm preaching the same.
Pisces is the original wankstress.
Yep.
I am the founder of Wankers for Bob.
And if you think you don't enjoy the company of others and you consider yourself kind of an innate solipsist or something like that,
just, you can wank mentally.
You don't even have to touch yourself.
You can get so far into this selfness that you would just, that you've wanked already.
You can also wank verbally, which is what we've been doing this whole hour.
Yeah, it does seem like it.
Yeah.
That may explain why I'm stuck to the chair.
Hmm.
Again.
Hmm.
Hmm.
It happens all the time.
Oh.
You're not into self-asphyxiation or any of that kind of stuff.
No, no.
I'm really into brains.
And I'm into interesting brains.
Not necessarily, you don't have to be the brightest brain in the bunch either.
You have to be an interesting brain.
You have to be one of those girls who likes a big brain, you know.
No, I'm not necessarily looking for an Einstein or an astrophysicist.
What I'm looking for is an interesting brain.
An inch brain baby.
Because, you know, the brain copulation, the sex with brains is not necessarily about intelligence per se.
As much as the different sort of textures and feelings of the different brains.
I mean, you know, for example, a brain like yours, for example, Dave, would be a totally different experience than, say, a brain like Tooby's.
It's a different feel.
And boy, my sense of touch and feel is so, so precise now.
Oh my.
I can definitely tell the difference between a brain.

A brain that's on the up and up and a brain that's on the low and low.
Just by waving the hand over the brain or a, well, a huffing and a huffing.
Are you trained in phrenology?
It's innate knowledge.
Once again, we're back to that paradigm of Plato's cave.
Plato's TV set.
Yeah, unfortunately.
Guys, we are running out of time here.
Uh-oh.
Plato's radio show.
Yep, yep.
I know, I know.
When you start losing a sense, your other senses get better.
Like, for instance, my hearing has gotten worse and worse and I've become louder.
My voice has become louder to compensate.
There's no question at all.
You're supposed to say your eyesight has gotten better.
You're not supposed to say your voice got louder.
No.
No, that's fine.
I grew up with a father who worked in a factory, so when Stan talks, I don't even really notice that he's talking louder.
It's something that I, because I grew up, my father worked in a factory 12 hours a day.
So when he came home, he was yelling and all my friends would come over and they'd say,
Why is your father yelling all the time?
He scares me.
And I'm like, what?
Speak up.
It's only what we are going to go around to.
Believe me, I know that very, very well.
But it's, you know, I certainly can understand Stan better.
It doesn't really matter.
He can lose his hearing and I'll just learn to talk to him like I talk to my daddy.
You know?
Because Stan is really all of our daddy.
I mean, Stan is everybody's daddy.
Oh, yeah, yeah, right.
Unfortunately.
Yeah.
And you're all latchkey kids, I hope.
Yes.
Today, everybody tells us we should talk about sex, but nobody tells us just how.
Talking about sex.
Sex.
Extremely unusual sex.
When should I begin?
It's a bugaboo.
You can begin at the beginning.
Really?
How about Ed?
It's a joy to ask.
Yes.
And quite exciting, too.
I'm referring, of course, to masturbation.
Let me at this point make a clear-cut scientific statement.
Masturbation is not important at all.
If you want to say hello to the business end of the law.
See what you want
Put on a show
Or have a hobby
Take a joke
Take a joke
Take a joke
Take a joke
If you want to make a splash
You don't need to make cash
Gather your friends
Make them laugh
But the last laugh will be on you
Take a joke
Take a joke
Take a joke
Take a joke
Take a joke
Don't really matter what you do or what you say
If you hurt their little feelings
Boy, you better run away
Don't really matter what you do or what you say
If you hurt their little feelings
Boy, you better run away
Don't really matter what you do or what you say
If you hurt their little feelings
Boy, you better run away
Don't really matter what you do or what you say
If you hurt their little feelings
Boy, you better run away
Girl, you better run away
If you hurt their little feelings

Don't really matter what you do or what you say
Don't really matter what you do or what you say
Girl, you better run away
If you hurt their little feelings
Boy, you better run away
If you hurt their little feelings


So it ain't matter what you do or what you say
If you're hurt then it'll be the term you better run away
It don't really matter
No, it don't really matter
It don't really matter
It don't really matter
Oh, it don't really matter
Matter, matter
Shaz-Bot!
Shaz-Bot!
Shaz-Bot!
Shaz-Bot!
when you're jamming that thing in there.
Say you make contact right, and you can find the head,
whether it's a Hex or a Phillips, it doesn't matter.
We all have a different unit in our ear canals.
But say you get that right, and all of a sudden you're daydreaming a little bit
before you turn the switch, so to speak.
You know, you're done, at least on this planetary sphere.
You know, you can talk to people who aren't in this room, you know,
and it wasn't fun.
It was horrible.
Aw.
Yeah.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah, it was like a life-changing experience in two seconds or less.
And it'll never go away now.
It's like a stain.
Most people do have that, a life-changing experience that lasts only two seconds.
Well, it's like, you know, the old merchant sailor's semen stains.
You just can't wash the guy.
You can't wash the guy out of the service.
Just remains and remains.
Good old semen stains.
R.R.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
And now, back to the adventures of Superman.
Suffering catfish.
I never felt worse in my life.
There are more.
There are more.

There are more thrills and surprises in tomorrow's exciting episode,
fellows and girls.
The adventures of Superman.
Superman is Superman and is brought to you at this same time.
Hello?
Hello?
From PR News in Washington, I'm home.
The Discovery crew is broke in Des Moines, Iowa, this morning.
Discovery delivered a Japanese inmate to the,
International Space Prison in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
Japan's Prime Minister has called on troops and volunteers to help with the 850 inmates.
The mission lasted about two weeks.
Firefighters remain underwater.
Bob has details.
U.S. military officials say at least this is PR news.
Wow.
Ah, snake oil.
Snake oil.
In a dream, Jesus, the Lord, the Lord came to me and said,
I have been walking with you.
Here's your path.
And he showed me the path of my life.
And all along the way, there was two sets of footprints.
Yes.
But every now and then, there was only one set of footprints.
And I turned to the Lord and I said, Lord, what's going on there?
You want me to do it like scabby?
Yeah.
And what did he say, brother?
What's going on there?
Jesus, come here.
And what did Jesus say to you now?
There's only one set of footprints here and here.
And one of the worst times of my life, there was only one set of footprints.
And the Lord said, well, son, that's when I abandoned you.
Couldn't take your misery.
You're a pathetic loser at those times.
I couldn't stand looking at you.
Thank you for that wonderful interpretation of the usual retreat.
Retreat.
I'm real loud.
It's good to be a loser.
It's good to be an idiot.
It's better to be an idiot.
No one, they don't know what, what wrong with you.
You are forgiven.
I thought you were going to end that with, well, scabby, that's when I was humping you on the neck.
God so loved the idiot and the drunkard that he protected him in the car wreck.
That would have been much better.
I should have gave it to you.
Jumped on your back and humped him.
The hardworking house mom was instead taken by the angels.
Come on.
Get down.
Your clam cakes, they're alive.
For God loves drunks and protects them and lets hardworking moms fall by the wayside in his great vengeance.
What is that?
Chaz?
Chaz?
Could you help me?
I think Rogers died.
And he was.
And he was died.
He's gone.
The stark fist of removal is.
The wheel, my friends, and it hovers over each and every one of them.
And that's when you tied your shoe boots today.
For the very last time.
You're good on time tonight.
Will the undertaker be untying them shoes tonight, friend?
Are you ready?
Have you made peace with your god or goddess or thing or totem pole, whatever it may be?
I'm afraid that Jolly Roger is really flying the skull and crossbones this Saturday.
Afternoon.
You're a guardian angel or you're a guardian demon or you're a little guardian alien gray or you're a lucky rabbit's foot.
Or you're a winning lottery number.
Or you're a special anti-baldness formula.
That inorganic penis liquor, that's one demerit.
You're ear candling equipment.
You're auto jack.
You're...
The frozen peace pipe in ivory.
You're a hobby.
You're addiction.
You're crutch.
Your elation upon riding into the little train tube, that's 60 merits.
Face it.
You're hooked.
Kick that crutch away, my friend.
Become yourself the crutch of Bob Dobbs.
Let Bob lean on you.
I see the light.
And you'll walk again.
Kick that crutch away and walk.
I walk.
I let go.
Bob, limp on you.
But I...
I never could wash.
Throw yourself into that pipe.
And light yourself up.
Keep those atoms in one place, for God's sake.
Those atoms are yours now, but they won't be forever.
No.
They're gonna be in some other burning hydrogen sun in some other alternate...
That's right.
Further on in the universe.
They're gonna all be...
One day there will be a blast.
Perfect day on Earth.
And then the sun will start to shrink.
And they repulse.
They'll shrink a little bit.
And then it'll expand out, consuming Mercury, Venus, and Earth inside of itself.
Now, that's...
Eventually, after that, the sun will slowly use up the...
The hydrogen's gone.
Now it's just the helium burning.
As the sun's uterus slowly contracts...
And it becomes a white dwarf.
...this phagmatic form here shown at the top of the comet.
Only about the size of a...
...the Earth.
You notice Randy and Tina are still having fun with their used condom.
...than just a little bar of black schmuck in space.
Especially when impregnating different cosmic varieties of planetary stellar things.
Of course, if the sun was a lot bigger, it would turn into a black hole, though.
Hey, man, uh, you don't know where I could get some of that, uh...
Neutron matter?
Black dwarf neutron matter.
Oh, yeah, man.
You want neutron matter?
A teaspoon full of it would weigh as much as a mountain.
Let's sing this song.
Shall we sing this song?
It'd weigh as much as 19 Earths.
Come on, guys, let's not...
Let's sing this song.
An atom of it would weigh as much as a mountain.
A teaspoon of neutron matter makes the medicine go down.
Come on, let's sing it now.
A teaspoon of neutron matter makes the medicine go down.
Are we supposed to be funny now?
No, I don't think so.
...my little desk, and I have a jar full of gummy bear vitamins.
Well, if you think of it all as...
It's quanta.
Everything that you guys just said means it's like, you know,
remember that old poster from the 60s, Phi Zappa Crappa?
And not only that, it's God sitting on the toilet just releasing all this quanta.
It's just, it's like fiber that goes right through them.
It doesn't stop.
And once again, prunes.
That brings us back again.
What you cannot get away from that subject.
Prunes.
It's the answer to so many of man's questions.
And I'm afraid I might have to...
I'm going to have to prune the panel here pretty shortly.
We've got about 13, make that 12 minutes left in the program.
And as much as I have enjoyed this conversation,
and as much as I have enjoyed your contributions tonight,
I think I might want to open the phone lines up just to let some other people have a chance.
The branch that is dead must be pruned and cut.
Prune your family tree.
I would prune myself.
You know, maybe jump out the window.
All of this talk of prunes has made me think that I may need to visit the facility.
So I will be gone.
All right, Pisces, thank you so much.
This show is a spiritual laxative.
Yes.
It is.
And with that note...
If you were...
If you were...
Oh, gosh.
Plop, plop, fizz, fizz.
If you were full of crap before, you won't be after listening to this show.
We guarantee it.
The oral laxative.
All right.
Well, I've got to let you all go at once because I can't remember which line is which.
So thank you all.
All right, all right, all right.
