The biggest problem is the shutdown of the Bay Bridge, which we interrupt normal programming for a test of the emergency broadcast system
This is only a test
Oh my god, they're coming to get us!
This is it! Run! The Russians! This is the end!
Nuclear weapons, everything they got! Water to New York! All gone! We're nuts!
Just a few seconds, it's gonna explode! Run to your shelter! Run!
Time for a main! Be the first to an end! Screw your wife! Screw your children!
It's every man for himself! Red Trap Tower!
If you just see that deadly radiation or that explosion, you're gone! It's curtains!
Oh my god, what a terrible way to go! You're figuring it'll fall out! You're an aramouse!
You turn green, you vomit! You vomit all over the place!
Just get in there and live! Lock the other sucker out! You're the only one that matters!
President, that's all we need! Get with it and turn back!
I wanna see Russia blow off a big smoke screen! I wanna see them die to save our way to the night!
What's going on? I want my revenge! We're all gonna die! We're all gonna die! We're all gonna die!
This was only a test.
The end has come for humanity. Not in the red of atomic fusion.
Not in the glory of interstellar combustion. Not in the peace of white, cold silence.
But that! That creeping, grasping flesh below us.
It is a joke, eh, Lewis? A great joke! The joke of the cosmos! The end of all mankind!
But why? Because of...
The Self Genius Hour of Swat!
It is a psychological technique whereby you, seated in the auditorium, actually become part of the action you see on the screen.
Let me show you something. You will feel absolutely no pain at all. Feel.
Now you...
Uh, things are pretty weird here in Dallas, as you can tell.
I don't have the radio or a tape deck on. This is just the sound effects of the downtown street that I'm driving down.
It's pretty confusing, really. You can see why the Subgenius Foundation had its... the church itself had its birth here in Dallas.
I mean, I don't even know whether I'm going forward or backwards.
And sometimes... sometimes it almost feels like a freeze frame, you know?
And on top of that, I've been editing film all month and...
You know, I don't know whether... I mean, sometimes I think I can just rewind my own reality.
Maybe I can even stop it.
The Subgenius Foundation
The Subgenius Foundation
The Subgenius Foundation
Do you know what you are?
There's a very dirty word for what you are.
And a very dirty group of people running a very dirty business.
Oh, yes, didn't you know?
We're highly organized.
The Church of the Subsudicia
ступ
Next we have as our guest the demon from William Peter Blatty's film The Exorcist.
Says he can't stay long, only long enough to read a couple of lines from the movie script.
He's been very busy lately, hopping around the country, being received by several hosts.
Can't say we wish him much luck.
Secondly we have Mr. Paul Caruso who will discuss the subject of UFOs.
Now let's hear from the demon because he must run.
Demon?
Yes.
Demon, I was talking to Bob Hope recently.
Yes.
And he says that he just couldn't concentrate very much on the movie.
Apparently while he was in the movie theater there was a chap next to him who kept putting his tail in Mr. Hope's popcorn box.
Yes.
Yes.
And he said, I make the wrongs.
I like to see myself on the screen.
Well I know that you're in a tremendous, tremendous hurry.
So we'll get on with the script reading and then we'll let you go.
Would you read a script for us now?
Yes.
I would be glad to.
What's going on with him?
下 cả

I believe from the very first part of the script I'm in the sense you're feeling the pain ofcible Kurt Warth, or worse.

And takeあの Морон в moon.
Escape from your inferiors, from the halt and lame of mind.
Do you speak to men, you pious vomit?
Your abode is in a nest of peacocks, Meron.
Well, that's certainly enough of that.
Our guest was the demon from The Exorcist.
And now let's go to our next guest.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to Radio Station EXP.
Tonight we are featuring an interview with a very peculiar looking gentleman
who goes by the name of Mr. Paul Caruso
on the dodgy subject of are there or are there not flying saucers or UFOs.
Please, Mr. Caruso, could you give us your regarded opinion
on this nonsense about spaceships and even space people?
Thank you.
As you all know, you just can't believe everything you see in here, can you?
Now, if you'll excuse me, I must be on my way.
What?
What?
Oh, I can believe it.
So until next week, at the same time, same station, this is Bob Snyder signing off.
And life goes on.
This drug has application for the anesthesia.
I have such energy, such exhilaration, almost euphoria sometimes, and without distortion.
It's quite amazing.
You're actually using it on yourself?
Of course, I'm preparing a full study.
It could change our entire approach to medicine and the dreams landing.
Incredible, vivid.
No, not dreams.
More like memories or experiences of another level.
Jekyll, are you sure it's safe?
Primitive people have been using it for centuries.
Until now, man has been locked up in the dark prism of the mind.
I may have discovered the secret to set him free.
Excuse me, Dr. Jekyll.
It's just a length.
You're on your own path or something.
I have stopped thinking for an infinite number of hours trying to figure out where this cuts

The justice system tells you you can make history, while fighting against it.



So you see?
Oh, he can give you some favour, no low pay.
Maybe le stato, or something.
Oh, and I'd like to present you... Oh and now I'd like to present you... Oh, and now I'd like to present you... You esasge a Nazi.
His is excellency count of year seven thousand dollars. his is excelency count of year seven thousand dollars.
Hohenstaufen von Liechtenstein, our guest tonight.
The Count has a war wound.
He's not able to speak very well, but he signals by...
Rem.
He waves his stumps and thus communicates.
Yes, and here we are, flying high over the hills of Berkeley now.
Yes, it does sound that way, doesn't it, dear friends?
No, it's Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
And you're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
The voice of...
Actually, the opiate of the people.
The opiate of the masses on the voice.
The voice of the people.
And on that upbeat note,
and all this wonderful wonderment,
and clever little tape bits we've just been playing,
well, we're just going to stop
and get into something rather interesting here.
Dear friends,
if you have...
had any friends who were killed
on the Oakland-San Francisco Bay Bridge,
turn off the radio or switch over to another station right now
because what's coming up is not going to be pleasant.
We don't do this as sick humor, however.
By the way, for anybody who's wondering,
all of our subgenius friends in the Bay Area and environs
called in sick to their jobs, but they're fine.
But how...
What we have coming up here is a story that's interesting
because it was written three years ago by St. Palmer Vredes.
This is another installment in the World Without Slack novel.
And the reason we read it is because it illustrates the psychology
of certain Californians anyway, you know, the sickos,
the kind that we associate with and play on the air a lot,
in dealing with the threat, the constant threat of earthquakes.
It's also a reminder, in a way,
that the quake last week was relatively very minor.
In fact, as I was talking to my friends on the phone this week in San Francisco,
they were all really disgusted at the way the media had treated it.
I mean, it scared the daylights out of a lot of us the first day
because it sounded like the big one.
But as it turned out, you know, I mean, of course,
there were many, many tracks.
There were many tragedies involved and so forth.
But for the most part, as my friend, Reverend Court Holland,
Slackmaster, was saying, he goes,
oh, it was so terrible.
Why, we didn't, we couldn't even make phone calls for two hours.
We didn't have lights for seven hours.
We couldn't even watch TV.
And there was no water to shampoo our hair with for, gosh, five or six hours.
Also, the quake, if it was,
it was God's judgment on that Sodom and Gomorrah we call San Francisco.
It's funny which neighborhoods he picked
because Castro Street came through with flying colors,
whereas somehow it was the really rich neighborhoods
where people lost a lot of their goods.
Anyway, by the way,
you may wonder why I do these readings of things live on the air
instead of using home recording.
You know, it's that despite the mistakes that I may make,
number one, it's sort of more immediate
and one is in show mode when one knows that you are listening right now.
And the other thing is the station has much better microphones than I do.
Anyway, this is from World Without Slack, Chapter 1.
The Sound of the Earth
Doug Wellman got caught as he was crossing the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge.
Didn't even notice at first, just kept talking into his black box.
Notes, jokes.
The car began to shake.
So did the bridge.
Hot damn earthquake!
Now he heard it.
The sound cut right through the headphones,
reaching over to the digital recorder,
and as he was reaching for the recorder on the seat,
he turned up the mic volume
even as he began to fight for control of the speeding vehicle.
The low-frequency moan of total motion was rare music.
The shifting of tectonic plates would be a good white noise background
for the next Doctors for Bob 45.
He glanced at his dashboard computer and noted the readout.
10.2 Richter scale blinking in neat red liquid crystal dashes.
The real trick was going to be staying alive for the next five minutes,
during the funhouse ride to which the North California coast was being treated.
Wellman's van was drifting crazily down the back of a tremendous gray snake
that was doing an airsots break dance.
As he entered the Treasure Island tunnel,
the sides and roof of the bridge passageway began to acquire a crust of smashed metal and flesh
from less fortunate drivers and passengers.
Bus into Toyota, into Ford, into Beamer,
into Mack,
into the Black Rig.
Somehow he kept dodging the lethal dancing wreckage,
continuing to trap every agonizing DB on his metal oxide strip.
The city came into view as he bounced out of the tube at 90 miles an hour.
He changed lanes to avoid clipping a VW
and almost got taken out by a car that sailed over him,
tires just brushing his roof.
Glancing quickly to his left he saw it hit the top of a jag spinning in circles
and, in a dramatic aerial rebound,
fly over the bridge railing.
Wellman briefly glimpsed a pale, uncomprehending officer grappling with the useless wheel
as his unit flew into the cold, green water below.
Cutting maniacally through this auto holocaust,
Doug heard the tunnel collapse behind him.
All on tape! All on tape!
He screamed in delight.
Wait till Gordon hears this!
It's the earthquake! The big one!
Like a damn atomic bomb!
Yee-haw! Merry Christmas!
The precision gyroscope
and microscopic tape heads would compensate
for all the random motion without any noticeable distortion in sound resolution.
With loud snaps the bridge cables were unwinding and breaking,
their massive steel strands flinging cars through the air all about him
like miniature matchbox toys,
as millions of pounds of stored kinetic tension were released in seconds.
The bridgeway buckled beneath him.
Another jolt and its rippling pavement began to tilt to the right
at a disturbing angle, but this nearly allowed him a quick look at the Embarcadero.
Thick clouds of vibrating grey dust billowed up a hundred feet or more,
concealing the ground from view.
The pyramid was gone, safety engineered quake rollers and all.
Most of the high rises were tilting into each other at absurd angles,
sinking into oscillating quicksand,
foundations unable to support their own weight in the liquefied landfill.
Sparkles of glass from the shattering picture
windows twinkled in the afternoon sun
as they showered over helpless pedestrians many stories below.
The effervescent flickering was peppered with tiny flailing secretaries and junior execs.
As he watched, the Shackley building shuddered and went spiraling down,
all its floors collapsing efficiently in a graceful pirouette of destruction.
The sane thing to do was to stop the van and hold tight.
The determined wellman, however, furrowed his thick eyebrows,

and sped up.
He had to reach the foundation office on Folsom.
If he could make the 9th Street exit,
he might have almost five minutes to remix before the band's share time
on the Sanyo Sound Sat ended for the day.
Doug steered down the elevated ramp at a 12 degree tilt,
swerving to avoid people spasmodically flung across his path,
their pinwheeling bodies leaving bright, Polack-like smears on the pavement.
Great cracks began to appear in the roadway behind him,
swallowing the wreckage in big gulps.
To his rear, the East Bay refineries in Richmond had their quake-proof storage tanks rupture,
unable to withstand the unforeseen magnitude of the main shock.
Millions of gallons of oil and gasoline spilled into the water and caught fire.
A series of huge explosions released roiling mountains of toxic gas.
The hellish black smoke almost succeeded in obscuring the fleet of flying saucers,
that were suddenly dancing over the whole sky.
Music background there by Arnold Mathis.
And the story was a bit of World Without Slack by Saint Palmer Vreedes.
Dear friends, you can call the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Speak to Mighty Will O'Dobbs here at 823-7490.
In Dallas, Texas, only during Hour of Slack broadcast times, dear friends.
9 o'clock to 10 o'clock Sunday nights in Texas time.
And coming up in a little while,
we'll be reading to you some further excerpts from World Without Slack,
this time describing what happens to Dallas on X-Day.
But in the meantime...
And this is the Rudy Schwartz Project.
Music by Andy Geller.
Music by Andy Geller.
Music by Andy Geller.
Music by Andy Geller.
Music by Andy Geller.
Music by Andy Geller.
Music by Andy Geller.

Music by Andy Geller.
Music by Andy Geller.
Man-kineds, she can only wooman kind to.
Cuz your bottom line is how many peeps do you fund.
That's the yolでspite des Hotel streufer.
your way to the head of the pack by cheating deceiving and licking the crack of dishonest
people who think like you who want a jacuzzi and a room with a view a wife who acts stupid and makes
you feel bright if she has big tits and her teeth look bright of course you respect her and your
marriage won't flunk as long as she puts out when you come home drunk she thinks you're garbage and
you think she's scum you'll both be content if you manage to come promotions receive when you
lick the brown star just help reinforce what you think you are it's all worth as much as a turd to
me you're a smegma on toast and that's all i can see
so call me a cynic and call me a bore that don't change the truth that you're still a whore to the
worthless existence you know that you lead fueled by the lies that you eat sleep and breathe
fueled by churches and unions and such and corporate sleazeballs can't get enough
springsteen football pretzels and beer the problems the commies the jews and the queer
church association and bundles describe us more as virginuzu blood all over our bodies as
female rescuers and as women they step in evil whores rage and tempest turns everyanni
into witchmaid, hommannée, written in tochira we're liars, wemmainen, kingpins and people
¶¶
Ah, yes, dear friends, and you can always write for free information from the Church of the Subgenius, which you're hearing right now.
Actually, hearing Rudy Schwartz Project in the background.
But for free information on the church, get that pencil ready and write to good old Bob.
Just Bob. That's not me. I'm Reverend Ivan Stang.
You don't want to talk to me. You want your...
Your prayers to go straight to Bob and your love offering.
Bob at P.O. Box 140-306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And we'll be giving that number again at the end of the broadcast, but meanwhile...
¶¶
Must have been fairly exotic, wouldn't you say?
Mm-hmm.
How about those rabid Janeer fans?
The kind of thing only people like Tenderly and Convenience...
They ought to be muddled.
Frank Zappa would go to.
Yeah.
...heat the cloth and foam off their stage and off Janeer's shoes.
Yeah, after I got bit by one of those rabid fans, I had to get an injection.
Oh, yeah?
In the buttocks, yes. I know it.
I'll look at the tape later.
Although I don't have one anymore.
A butt or an injection?
Well, neither one.
You know...
Because there's no place to put the injection.
You know...
But I'm having a buttocks...
Buttocks transplant.
Apply buttock suction pump, series M200R.
Did you hear the one about the guy who had his buttocks put in the wrong way,
and when he went down a slide, it sounded like...
I saw that guy in my elementary school at the playground.
He was the most pathetic thing I've ever seen.
All the other kids called him back-assward-bad.
He was terrible.
What a sad thing.
He wasn't a very good student, either.
If my dog had a face like yours, I'd shave his ass and have him walk backwards.
That's right, Dad.
At our studio of subgenius...
I can't continue with the punchline.
It's so hideously destructive.
There is no punchline.
There's a long line to the punch bowl, and we're going to be...
Yes, call us.
Can you believe that?
You're awake listening to this show, and we don't have any punchline.
Call 848-4425.
Well, the no-callers fit the no-punchline show here at 848-4425.
If my butt had a dog like yours, I'd shave its movie and make its book walk backwards.
I'd make book that that jayner could walk backwards over hot coals and still gather a fond clientele.
Whatever you do, don't let him talk on the show.
Right.
Well, he talks all the time.
He can't stop it.
I'm trying not to let him.
Okay.
Really, I mean, he hasn't really said that much.
Well, Mr. Jayner, if that is your name, how do you find our fair city?
Well, I just, uh, I took a ride at Albuquerque and went halfway around the globe, and there it was.
We understand that you had lunch with some of the Bon Tons sat down in our beautiful sister city of Los Angeles.
Well, that's true.
Uh...
I had to tell Dr. Leary and Larry Flint not to be very nervous around me.
All you folks out there think this is a joke, and yet it's unbelievably true.
And yet it is kind of a joke at the same time.
Yeah, it's funny. Life's like that.
It doesn't matter.
When you're crying.
And yet I feel that sometimes I don't even know myself.
Henry, what's the matter?
Suppose you found yourself at the edge of a labyrinth.
Or better still, a dark forest.
And you believed there was a great secret hidden inside, perhaps a wonderful secret.
But there was a danger that even if you discovered it, you might get lost and never find your way out again.
Would you go forward into the forest?
I believe in everything.
And that sounds weird to say that you believe in everything.
But if you believe in nothing, that's pretty vast.
Yes, I mean, it's something to think about, you know.
And if somebody thinks that they know the truth and somebody else don't, dear hearts, they only got half of it.
See, you got to weigh them thoughts because they're weird.
But I know that life is good, and I love life, and I love to live it, and I believe between swinging and not swinging is what moves us.
Yes, there have been those folks who have been bound in the round who would occasionally be tended to put those down who they considered to be in the square.
But, dear hearts, it's neither those in the round or the square, but the spiral.
Yes, that leads toward the top of the stair.
Rejoice.
Love your enemies and drive them nuts.
Share it with a total stranger.
Love your enemies.
You're supposed to love your enemies.

You're supposed to give it to your friends.
Yes, dear hearts, I believe in love.
I believe love is good.
And I believe if there's anything bad in the world, a preacher's going to find it first.
Let them have it.
We'll just do these good things.
Of course, I mean, I love preachers.
I mean, they mean well.
They got their own kick going.
And somebody said, Brother Dave, says, you know, say, why don't you be a preacher?
You could make a million dollars.
Dear hearts, what would a preacher spend, you know?
You know, what would a preacher spend on the world?






Well, anyhow, this is weird that we are gathered in this celestial realm and moving into another
dimension.
And I believe that the mind is something.
When we leave the realm of dualities, that's when we commence to sway.
It's neither the stroke of the pendulum as it goes to and fro, but the essence that drives
it that makes us go.
See?
And that is known as hard sayings.
Oh, yes.
They have been going for years.
Now, you couldn't explain to somebody or let them know anything if they had never.
No, if they had never thought of it, I don't think they would.
Exactly. Let them choose for themselves.
But are they really capable, Jane?
But what do we really know of freedom?
My God, if real freedom were offered to you, you'd run for cover.
You'd hide. You'd be terrified.
But I thought I was free.
I mean free to do whatever you pleased.
What if I followed my every instinct completely?
You mean absolutely no rules, no laws?
No laws, no proprieties, no holds barred.
I see a piece of food I want, I take it.
Henry, please.
I see a woman I want, I take her as well.
Hold on, Jekyll.
You all act as if our manners, our morality were handed down to us by God.
But they are.
No, madam, they're not. We made them up by mutual agreement.
But what if I don't agree? What then?
I clap you in irons and throw you in prison.
Straight off.
You'll have to catch me first.
Actually, I don't believe there's no such thing as a multitude.
I believe we're all individuals.
Of course, I ain't knocking your blade.
I mean, don't tell me about none of your doubts.
I've got enough doubts of my own. Tell me something you believe in.
I believe in love.
And when I talk about love, I don't mean the kind of love
like when a 19-year-old boy kissed an 18-year-old girl.
Dear hearts, that ain't love, that's emotion.
But when that same 19-year-old boy kissed a 49-year-old girl,
whoo, dear hearts, that's love.
How many of you got a friend to talk to?
After long search, research, apparently profound cognition,
come up with exactly the same answer.
One, that there are other universes interrelated with ours,
both time-wise and or space-wise.
Two, that these may be infinite in number.
Three, that some, if not all of them,
have as intrinsic items of their makeup, intelligences.
Four, that some of them at least learned long ago
how to come through to us and go back where they came from.
Five, that some of these, the intelligences,
are millions of years ahead of us in material technology
and also by way of understanding of reality and finality.
That some of these have controlled us in our whole evolution,
since ever.
It all sounds very much like the novelization of Clarke and Kubeck's 2001.
The
The
The
The
The
The
, That Seas
Subtitle, possible by Tony
Bob is fill in the blank.
Bob is fill in the blank.
The Bob that can be described as not the true Bob.
He's a trickster. Obviously, look at his face.
You know, what's in the pipe that he's smoking?
And what is this game that Bob Dobbs represents?
We're about to get back, back into the world without slack,
as if we ever left it.
But excerpts from the novel in progress, chapter four, by Palmer Reades.
As Bob Dobbs said in Divine Secrets of Sales, lecture 13013,
I may not know reality, but I know what I like.
Also, as Nellie Connolly said to John Kennedy seconds before the assassination
on November 22, 1962,
you can't say Dallas doesn't love you now.
Stang and Dobbs had set up temporary headquarters
for their collection of followers
in an old burger chef on the west end of things.
It was bad ground.
Lots of Dallas industry had left behind lots of bad chemistry.
Add the BZ gas and the nerve weapon residue from the end time,
and it made for us.
Sweet stew.
Just what Bob liked to eat for breakfast.
It took Wellman and Spam Duvalier almost a whole day
in a case of metal-piercing ammunition to reach the temple.
The aftermath of shake-up riots had left most of the roadways impassable,
even by their military vehicle, a Cadillac gauge Terminator.
Spam had insisted that they fully arm their transport,
so they were now backed up by an Orla-Con,
a 20mm electric cannon, an 81mm mortar, assorted grenade launchers,
and all the spare gear they could cram into the armored cabin.
Duvalier had never used any heavy rock and roll gear before
and had to spend the first couple of hours alternately deciphering
and cursing the Arabic manuals while Wellman drove.
Some rapture.
Most of the Christians had been killed in the first ten minutes of the Second Coming.
Gnostics seemed to have been immune somehow, but there'd never been great danger.
The number of these in Texas, so the body count here had been somewhat extreme.
Dallas had bragged of being the most Christian city in America.
The pious had asked for the cleansing fires of Jehovah,
and their prayers were answered...
in spades.
When Jesus Christ himself turned out to hate Christians,
every last one of his welcoming flock was sent to an unexpected reward.
Quickly.
With pain.
It hadn't done the city of love any good.
But at least it wasn't underwater like Houston.
All the urban freeways had been blown in a last-ditch attempt by the Dallas PD
to contain the remaining terror-stricken populace in the trouble areas.
It hadn't worked.
The city-wide panic had been ignited by the grisly sight of believers dissolving and disintegrating,
shrieking as they rose into the blue Texas sky.
With most of their senior tacticians recalled to sudden glory,
the remaining cops were overwhelmed by the terror.
The city was overwhelmed by swarms of hysterical and heavily armed citizens,
attempting to flee the effects of what they must surely have thought was a sneak attack by the Soviets,
trying out some fiendish flesh-melting secret weapon.
The shaft of horrible green light stabbing down from the heavens fifty miles to the west
didn't help to calm things down much either.
More often than not, wellmen and spam would suddenly find the street down which they were traveling
blocked by crumbling makeshift barricades,
and rooftop snipers.
Grim reminders of Christmas still adorned much of the wreckage.
The smashed, fried Santas hanging from bent streetlights
were a grotesque memory of more stable times,
all the more so as they alternated with weathered corpses dangling from phone poles.
Rooters and civilian militia had tied them down in Dealey Plaza for the better part of an afternoon.
Holed up in the wreckage of the Hyatt Regency,
a few paranoid locals had gotten hold of them,
and had harassed the slow-moving scout car for an hour or so,
playing tag by lobbing poorly-aimed 40mm shells at them from just out of their view.
Things had been dicey until wellmen had managed to put the X-ray laser back together.
After that, a few sweeps of the hotel garage and reunion tower with the invisible beam
had instantly silenced their assailant's barrage.
Doug Two's talent for breaking equipment had almost cost them their lives several times that day.
No strangers to Dallas, the pair had always joked in the past
about the shining glass offices of downtown,
about how the monstrous colored rectangles reflected the hellishly hot rays of Texas noon sun
back and forth between their tinted finishes,
each new refraction angle making the beams a little bit more coherent,
a little bit stronger until, at some unoccupied focal point where all the invisible beams intersected,
20 feet or so above the middle of State Street,
there was a single square inch of space with the surface temperature of a small star
able to vaporize anything moving across it.
God help the pigeons that flew around down there.
The pigeons had long ago all been caught and eaten by the starving citizens of Dallas.
Wellman and Duvalier should have known better than to make jokes.
The men in black had warned the strike team of the psychic violence
the area seemed to exude and of its effects on organics.
They told them that the mirrored angles of the banks and hotels
compounded this urge to self-destruction
and that the geometry of the downtown area was itself an illness
planned long ago by now dead rebel architects.
They noted that this rationality sapping phenomenon was strongest right around city center.
This effect was so intense in Fort Worth that the excess didn't even bother trying to save it,
just cooked the place down.
The city was torn down to slag first thing off.
With most of the mirrors long since shattered,
the steel girders of the buildings themselves still held dismal power.
Oh what a holy day it must have been when the razor sharp shards of glass
rained down upon the crowds emptying back out into the streets,
slicing and dicing office workers still too pink,
still too sheep-like and obedient to think of jaywalking even at the cost of their lives.
The men in black lent the two the best blank brain filters available,
but it was still depressing.
Spam and Doug squabbled away the whole time
like some demented survivalist rewrite of The Bickersons.
As for the rest of Dallas,
the city that shoots presidents and shoots the people that shoot presidents,
nothing remained.
Block after block of ruins stretching away for miles,
the fires had raged on,
the streets were washed out of control for weeks,
dead cars filled the streets and collapsed freeways,
all frozen in their tracks when the first electromagnetic pulse
from the war saucer had reached them,
frying out their generators and burning up the wiring.
Many vehicles had grizzly and impressive holes punched through the roof,
where bone and flesh had temporarily met metal
on their unstoppable journeys to the sun
when the imperative calling to eternity had beckoned.
The horizon lay mostly flat,
broken only by the randomly placed skeletons of lonely office towers,
counterpointing the lazy drift of fluffy yellow clouds above.
The matte gray M4000 finally pulled up to Aftermath Central.
Victor Street, indeed.
Ha! You could still see the giant cement hamburger.
A junk food god, it figured as much.
The newsletter had promised a force field and a mansion.
You can't believe everything you read,
Duvalier reflected.
It didn't look like Stang had any 50,000 Bobzoids to command, either.
More lies.
Wellman stopped the tank and gave Duvalier a funny look.
All out for Buldada Time Control Laboratories.
They checked their handguns and hopped out onto the back parking lot of the gods.
That's what the faded sign said it was, anyway.
The subgenius foundation that was being presented to the 20-buck bobbies
didn't look so grand these days.
Spam kicked in the service entrance door,
calculated to be an impressive action,
but actually an easy feat.
Acid rain had eaten away the hinges a while back.
Had eaten everything away a while back.
As the rotted slab fell inward,
Duvalier moved quickly,
Wellman covering him with his MAC-10 and following his point.
The building was seemingly deserted, had been for months.
Dust and grit covered everything in a fine layer.
With no other footprints to give away signs of prior occupation,
they broke trail through the walk-in cooler
and continued their search for the missing Avatar and his second-in-command.
They walked past the large, uncomfortable cages
in which Ivan made his synthetic superheroes sleep.
They had been used to store potatoes in more normal times.
Now the bins appeared empty as they approached.
Duvalier wasn't so sure.
Invisibility was one of the first things a subgenius learns to manifest.
To think this used to be a food preparation.
He thought, looking into the wooden boxes that served as the mating areas
in their disgusting rituals and recoiling at the site.
Invisible, the overmen might well be,
but their mucus was strictly first-plane.
The stains alone made him sick.
Another dead end we should have known better,
Duvalier swore, breaking the silence.
He spat on the floor and leaned against the peeling formica counter.
I should have expected something like this.
Wait till I get my hands on Sterno.
I'll make it.
A multicolored furball the size of a watermelon
floated out from behind a broken deep fryer.
As they watched, it unfolded in thin layers
until nothing but a pipe, now familiar,
hung motionless before them at eye level.
Cut the crap, Dobbs.
They were both irritated at his moronic level of mysticism.
Ever since the retreat,
Bob had been showing more and more signs of strain.
Any follower unfortunate enough to be in his presence
suffered a constant barrage of the sleazy magic tricks
that those autistic aliens had taught the salesman of slack
while he was off-planet being transformated.
The pipe had now turned orange,
and the smell of cheeseburgers permeated the gutted kitchen.
Cheeseburgers!
There hadn't been an edible cow alive for five years,
not since the ozone layer had been wiped away.
Most cows had gone the way of the dinosaurs,
excepting the few swollen with cancers
and blinded by the constant shower of deadly ultraviolet.
Along with thousands of spiders,
and a species of birds, plants, and animals.
Through their usual inimitable stupidity,
the humans had been well on their way to fossil history
even without the aid of the Space Brothers' Jihad Squad.
A ghostly background noise of grill hoods and Muzak faded in.
The faint sounds of dishes clattering and waitresses ordering QB bread
and number six specials could be heard.
May I help you?
The voice. It was Bob, all right.
Dobbs was speaking in Moe Howard's voice,
but it still contained all the charisma of the salesman's erratic personality.
Yeah, I'll have a large fries and a Coke, jerk, Willeman shot back.
Jeez, Bob, give me some slack. Where's Philo?
We were supposed to trade him in for a shipment of the pills, remember?
Yesterday? It only almost got us killed when Drummond didn't show.
The posse coma taught us didn't appreciate our deal falling through like that.
Never mention Jesus in my burger shop.
The non-answer set Doug's mustache twitching.
Dobbs, I get the feeling you're not hearing me, as we used to say in California.
86 the blather or punch out and go home.
Willman's exasperation with the situation was clearly growing by the second.
He foolishly started to bring the muzzle of his machine pistol up to the hovering pipe.
Instantaneously, the fast food church filled with bright blue water
and little goldfish that all looked like Bob.
Their miniature pipes trailing smoke as they squished through the air.
The smoke was still around the room.
Another hallucination.
Spam and Willman paid no attention to the distraction upon finding themselves still able to breathe in spite of being submerged.
Spam swatted at one of the deformed things when it swam too close to his face,
the action dissolving the creature as his hand passed through it.
Dobbs always misses some detail, he told Willman.
That's the problem with this inane religion.
At least the aliens are methodical.
Pills? Pills? Pills!
We are very attractive by most discriminating standards.
I am bi and very sensitive.
Good clean sex is all I'm after.
A little pain, a little kink.
Pills! Pills! Pills!
Bob, calm down, it's okay. We don't need to know where Philo is right now.
Who cares? Slack, right? Slack. Slack. Slack. Slack.
The water had changed into pills. Mounds of them.
The kitchen had filled with gleaming transparent pills.
The two men were waist deep in waves of glittering,
capsules. Bob had come through.
Willman was scooping them from the counters and shoving them into his mouth as fast as he could,
washing them down with more pills.
The payoff. Tens of thousands of the pills.
Even Duvalier was taken in by the sight.
They could stop looking for the saucer.
Both of them were set up for pre-life.
The pills disappeared, of course.
And their place was Dobbs, casual as a pimp,
grinning like some demented television game show.
What a clown.
Willman, face white with shock,
looked up from the floor, screaming,
fingers grasping at vacant air.
Damn smokin' Wiseacre ghost son of a bitch salesman!
Upon finding his cheeks and hands suddenly empty,
he went berserk, raising his automatic,
and emptied a full clip point blank into Dobbs' chest,
walking the shot straight up the wide red power tie.
It was the greatest soccer game show for aavin four years.
The автомобiles formally predict that the audition will take place

Oh, yes.
Dear friends.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Come back, Bob.
And friends, you can get Bob to come back by writing, once again, for the free information,
Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And, uh, I think it's time, well, what is it time for?
A little song, maybe?
Hmm.
Nah.
We've got exactly ten minutes left, and that's just long enough for Papa Joe Mama.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
Tonight's sermon is entitled, Bob Means Laugh.
Bob Means Laugh.
You see, we at the church,
we get so absorbed with the nuts and balls of the church
that we often forget a cornerstone of Bob's teaching.
That cornerstone is this.
Bob said, laugh, even if they don't get it.
That's good news, friends.
Bob says, laugh, even if they don't get it.
Now, in the wake of Bob's assassination,
in the web,
in the anti-Bob's conspiracy,
and in the business-as-usual wholesale slaughter of Bob's beliefs,
Bob's church,
Bob's chosen,
and yes, even the deprogramming of a prophet or two,
not to mention the assets.
Damn, I wasn't gonna mention that.
In the wake of all this, it's easy for us to forget Bob's blessed news.
But that doesn't change the fact that he did say it.
Laugh, even if they don't get it.
Bob said it, I believe it, and that's the end of it, friends.
That's what most of you should be saying now.
But even those of you who do get it won't use it when you're supposed to.
Why?
Why is that, friends?
What did Bob mean when he said, laugh, even if they don't get it?
Did he mean laugh when you witness something funny?
Sure.
Just because Bob's a god doesn't mean everything he says doesn't make sense.
No, sir.
When Bob says laugh,
he means just that, laugh.
But does he mean laugh only when you witness something funny?
I don't know, friends.
He's dead now.
And all the excitement, I forgot to ask him.
But I have a feeling that if I had, he would have answered with just one word,
one simple two-syllable word whose simplicity masks its incredible ramifications.
A two-syllable word that means the same thing all over the world,
in every conceivable language, be it English, German, Polish, Jewish, black, Hispanic, or
what have you, a universal word all over this world.
Bob, spit it out.
No, no, not the blood, the answer.
What do you mean by laugh, even if they don't get it?
He waves you closer, friends, so you can hear him, and then whispers that two-syllable word,
ha, ha.
And then defecates in death, as most people do, except in this case it's holy shit.
Now, that's okay.
It's only a scenario, friends.
Bob did not say that.
We're just imagining what he could have said.
But we do know he did say, at least according to one witness, quote, forgive them, for they
still don't get it.
What did he mean by that?
I don't know.
I wouldn't tell you if I did.
That's not the topic.
The topic tonight is laugh, even if they don't get it.
You see, Bob could have just said laugh and left it at that.
Or he might have said laugh.
Laugh, but only when it's funny.
But he didn't say that.
Or if he did, no one around heard him.
Or if they did hear him, they forgot it.
Bob might have also said forgive them, for they still don't get it.
In fact, he did say that, at least according to one witness.
But I already said that's not the topic.
The topic is Bob said laugh, even if they don't get it.
Glory be.
Praise Bob.
He wants us to laugh, not just when it's funny, even when it's not funny, at least according
to some folks, maybe even yourself.
He didn't say you have to get it to laugh.
He didn't say they had to get it to laugh.
He just said laugh, even if they don't get it.
And you can be they as easily as they can be them.
Laugh, even if you don't get it.
As long as someone else doesn't get it, friends, you can't read minds.
But if you don't get it, it's safe to assume they don't.
Or if they do and don't laugh, even if you don't get it but do laugh, then you're just
laughing for them getting it when they don't laugh.
It's that simple.
Do you realize what this means, friends?
In terms of your everyday struggle?
Against that force the conspiracy calls reality?
It means you can drive home tonight and swerve to avoid a bird, plow head on into the oncoming
convertible, kill the honeymoon couple inside, then drive home in order to call the police,
leave the damaged but still running car in your garage, fall asleep on the bed from exhaustion
and shock, only to wake with a terrible headache and discover the car's poison and fumes have
suffocated your entire family and probably caused you irreversible brain damage.
All that and you still have the peace of mind to pick up the phone, call the sheriff, and
ask him if he does free delivery.
Bob says laugh, even if they don't get it.
Let me tell you a sad story.
It's a true story.
I don't like to tell it.
I've only told it, oh, maybe 200 times in my entire life.
You see, it's about my younger brother named Benny.
I love my younger brother.
Way back in 1980, it was August 11th.
I'll never forget the time.
It was exactly 12.
No, actually, I guess it was 1.
I don't remember.
I think it was 2.30 in the afternoon when the phone rang.
Woke me up as usual.
Voice said, Joe, it's Benny.
Didn't sound like Benny.
In fact, it was my mama.
She said, he's been hit in a car accident.
He needs his nap.
Right now.
Not later, but now.
Well, I took the next flight out, friend.
But of course, I started to feel guilty, so I turned around, came back, and joined the
rest of the family at the hospital.
Benny was on life support unconsciously.
Have you ever seen anybody?
You know, unconscious on life support?
Me neither.
Not until that day.
But I can still see him now.
And I'll tell you what, it's a sobering image.
I remember thinking to myself, this is terrible.
How could Bob let this happen to me?
Does Bob really exist?
Am I worshiping the wrong Bob?
Why me?
Why me?
And then I realized that wasn't me asking those questions.
It was the evil, sinister, anti-Bob.
He was making me doubt.
He was down there in my subgenius, subconscious, calling out.
Go on, Bob's his laugh.
Where's your sense of humor now?
Where's your sense of devotion now?
I think it's hilarious.
Ha ha.
What's the matter?
Having doubts?
The doctors interrupted my thoughts and asked me if I wanted to tell my brother anything
while there was still time.
I didn't know what to say.
But they started to lift the crumpled up plastic so I could slip my head close to his ear and
whisper anything.
When I got underneath there, all of a sudden, my eyes swelled up.


My nose started to run.
I could barely breathe.
Benny had farted something awful.
Just the thought of it now makes my nose water.
Would you believe?
They still don't get why I laugh so hard.
But that's okay, friends.
That's okay.
Because Bob knows.
And somewhere up there, friend, so does Benny.
Praise Bob.
Oh, that's so sad and touching.
Well, friends, I guess we're going to be moving out of here pretty quick.
I'm going to get out on this short song here, Talking Interface Blues by Greg Keeler.
But before I do that, I just want to mention, as a service from the Nihilistic Anarchist
Gynecologist Society, NAGS for short, who says Bush is taking away our right to choose?
Right.
Right.
President Bush at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, D.C.
And ask for your free coat hanger abortion kit.
We care about your freedom.
Thank you.
This has been the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
And good night.
Well, our wedding was high tech, or my life was wrecked.
We synthesized an organ and a flute.
You know, we were just talking about the fact that we were married.

Instead of holy men, they rolled in an IBM and it asked, do you or do you not compute?
I bought her flowers for her hair and lacy underwear.
Learned Pascal and basic just for her.
When she showed me her spreadsheet, our program was complete.
You should have heard my hardware start to whir.
But she's gone waltzing off to Texas with some hacker out of Reno who just nibbled Hera's
software on a dime store.
I'm not sure.
It was a floppy disk.
She called him user friendly, then pulled out a gun to end me.
Shot the mouse right off my apple when she missed.
Years back I took her from her mom.
When I returned from Vietnam, she upgraded all my systems just to pull the plug on me.
Now whether Lisa Mac or PC, all I see is charging VC.
I don't even have to log on no siree.
Guess with her Hayes macromodem, she'd seduce and then down the line.



load them her interface could print the chrome right off the trailer hitch she said that i was
sexist a complete edit this rexist in short i was one lost son of a bitch till she went waltzing off
to texas with that hacker out arena who just nibbled harrah's software on a dime store floppy
disc she called him user friendly then pulled out a gun to end me shot the mouse right off my apple
when she missed
the other evening she rode home through the modem on my phone she said her input output was online
but i was totally dismayed when she bragged about
it
and said his bit looked like a bite compared to mine so she's gone waltzing off to texas with
that hacker out arena who just nibbled harrah's software on a dime store floppy disc she called
him user friendly then pulled out a gun to end me shot the mouse right off my apple when she missed
shot the mouse right off my apple when she missed
born to humble parents somewhere in the midwest
the child bob experienced a traumatic close encounter with a ufo at the age of three soon thereafter he began to exhibit strange powers of persuasion by age six he had made his first million almost by accident in college he met and married his first and still his primary wife connie who is now revered by female subgenie as the blessed anti virgin
ONE Pork eaters
if you started wondering why you had to sleep so much

mind
where
he was
not


he was
piling up
seized up in the spirit by the hand of Jehovah One itself, the cosmic puppeteer of the Old
Testament, the wrathful alien space god from some corporate sin galaxy. In this timeless
moment, which we call the divine immaculation of the Bob, Dobbs received the first of countless
brain-curdling pronouncements which form the sacred pre-scriptures of the church. He was
shown a vision, a world where all humanity was equally wealthy, rich beyond imagining,
but without working. This experience, combined with his UFO-given sales magic, led him inevitably
into the religion field. He quickly discovered the golden rule embodied in his classic saying,
they'll pay to know what they really think. The true subgenius can learn to think for
himself, but only Bob can show him.
And so Bob Dobbs founded his church upon a sandy beach of common sense, sense of humor,
and dollars and cents.
