Make this a G minor!
No, like this!
That's great, let's go!
This is what a disappeared
Ortega kit would look like in black night...
look nice, isn't it?
Let's see...
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Oh, yeah.
That guy.
That Bob guy.
Huh.
Well, that collage there was collected by Reverend Cool Hand Chris,
and the lovely instrumental right after Lee Murr's titles
was,
Strange World by the Rudy Schwartz Project from their CD called Postal Code of Ham.
This episode, like the last two, will be a multiple subgenius show collision, but not
using my show, as it were.
We'll hear some really insane time for the show and some brouhaha from Anna Mall.
And, uh, another stuff, but let's start with those old pros from the puzzling evidence
shows.
Dr. Howell and Dr. Drummond, in this case, brought together with my recording gear for
last summer's 23rd X-Day drill, more commonly known as 21X Day.
We're not broadcasting live, but recording in front of a live audience of subgeniuses
in an outdoor cafe.
In a campground in deepest, darkest Ohio.
Now you can hear it, Al.
There it is.
And the music stops.
But continues.
I hear the music, baby, so go, baby, go.
That's true.
We want to stimulate industry and energy.
Activity not necessarily meaningful in the town.
The old curmudgeon.
Who's that fellow?
There's an old curmudgeon around here?
Get him.
Yeah.
We don't need such backsliders in the church of subgenius.
False socialism.
Useless featherbedders.
And parasites damaging our forward-thinking mission.
Okay, we're recording.
And everything's going fine.
Everything's fine.
Here at the Stangless X-Day.
The Stangless X-Day.
Yes, without the stang of understanding or approval.
In the incredible...
Yeah, so the crowd is whipping up this morning.
I think we've got like at least 50% larger crowd than normal.
True.
Great changes in the world of the church of the subgenius are monumentally occurring while we sit here.
It was amazing how many people walked out when they knew Reverend Stang wasn't going to be here.
They just walked away.
Well, you see, were they evangelicals or rewardians?
It seems that their behavior has identified.
They're not going to be able to deny their place on the chart.
On the ascending graph.
I notice we've got a lot of really super awesome items for the Bulldada auction coming up here soon.
That is correct.
And let me explain that the Bulldada auction is not listed in the schedule.
But will take place today nonetheless.
And we hope that...
Everyone can be informed of this.
But those who are not informed will simply have to suffer the result of their ignorance.
We heard there was a guy who had a speaker on top of his car who could go trundling through the camp.
With the announcement that the Bulldada auction would transpire after this current sequence.
Well, I don't believe that's been done yet.
But given the luck of the draw and the shuffling of the card.
It's quite possible that a significant enough number will arrive to benefit from this first episode of the Bulldada auction.
Whose next iteration will be on Saturday.
Just as it says in the schedule.
But my God, we've got incredible stuff.
Because it's not just anybody's old discarded junk.
It's subgenius' discarded junk.
Some of it's even your old discarded junk.
Some of it maybe.
You don't have to get that.
But I mean, for example, who supplied a tube of nihilist toothpaste?
That's the sort of thing we've got.
No color, no flavor.
No color, no flavor, no nothing.
In a black and white box that is handsome enough to fit any decor.
Toothpaste which does not attempt to tempt the palate illogically.
Since it is not a...
It's not a food and should not be swallowed.
Instead is a neutral substance which is only for the care of one's teeth.
And such novel ideas are hardly scarce among the panoply of things that we have.
Now it's true that in some cases you might need special top rated equipment.
In that case, if you don't possess the equipment, we recommend you don't bid on the item.
But for the most part,
they are universally applicable and will provide immediate joy.
However, this is not the place...
Hours and hours of fun and joy as well.
Yeah, but we're not talking about the Boldado auction now or we shouldn't be.
Rather, we should be doing our resolute Bobcast up until that time.
Yes.
And so it begins.
Yes.
Well, you've been here for many X days, of course.
Remembering their high expectations.
Their highs, their lows.
The pratfalls.
Their ups, their downs.
The tears.
Yes, the hidden resentments.
Yeah, the...
The singing in the kitchen and the footsteps in the corridor.
The moment of sudden loathing and the season of stifled sorrow.
The sudden realization of an idea never before born which suddenly dies from over exhaustion.
Yes.
The last heaving sighs and gasps and the over-humidified air.
And the blushes of profound embarrassment.
That public flopperooze.
All these things have occurred.
And more is heard than is spoken.
And more remains in the room.
And whatever happened started in the past and presses hard on the future.
This is going to be a commercial.
We're going to have some commercial interruptions in this particular session here.
It's true.
We have many products to advertise and would like to direct you how to use your money.
Somebody ought to do something obscene with this bag of frozen peas.
The frozen peas.
Yes, that is a different matter.
We'll come to the mushy bag of frozen peas later.
And it will make its needs unanswered.
They were formerly frozen peas.
Now they're well unfrozen.
They are now, of course, thawed peas.
Because what stays frozen in such an environment of superheated interaction?
Uh, yes, peas.
We don't have reverend peas here.
But we do, in compensation, have this bag of thawed peas that we understand will figure prominently
at some portion of this presentation.
You understand, Philo.
Sure, I understand.
With great reservation and...
Yes, we understand high concept things.
Always to be respected.
And yet...
The people that made a big deal about wanting to abuse that bag of unfrozen peas are not here right now.
Hmm.
Now you see they lack follow through.
They lack get up and go.
Who's gonna fight the next war?
But on the other hand, let's give them a pass and allow them to come at the appropriate time
and perform their obscene, formerly frozen pea ritual.
Wow, I'm getting no bars but I'm 4G.
What does that mean?
Well, it's better than being 4F.
One letter better.
No bars but 4G.
Four government transponders locked on you.
Your current position.
Four gladiolus bulbs sprouting nearby.
So I'm gonna prepare my liquid here.
Liquid chicken?
Oh, that liquid.
Yeah, right.
Liquid chicken?
I've got two different kinds of liquid.
Though we don't have liquid chicken here today but you could try super chemical speed up juice.
Do you remember when you could get the...
Oh, no thanks.
No thanks?
But I might go get some coffee.
It does taste ghastly.
Coffee.
What about, yeah, the liquid chicken?
Do you ever remember getting that chicken in a can?
Um, uh...
Swanson's canned chicken?
There is liquid.
You can pour it off and use it for cooking or you can suck it right out of the can,
depending upon your predilection.
And thus, liquid chicken will literally become part of your diet.
You are what you eat, you know.
This was not what we intended to discuss, of course.
At X Day, one has the opportunity.
So you are what you eat.
You were what you have eaten.
And you will be what you will have eaten.
Yes, but you see the eating goes on and on.
Just like in Child's Fairy Tales where somebody or other is gonna get et up by somebody else.
That's actually an absolutely accurate picture of the universe and the way it's set up.
Dr. Howell, do you know anything about how many cells a human loses each day and has to replenish himself with?
I know I have trouble finding out what happened to mine.
Billions and billions, I think.
Yes, that's true.
It's a huge number.
Every day.
And fortunately, we are constantly generating cells.
During the process of anabolism, this is fast.
And that's when you can take all the indignities they throw at you.
You know, junk food that you buy at a carnival.
You can digest it.
Over in that area, there's a stack of odd items.
But when anabolism gives way to catabolism, the same cycle is occurring at a slower and slower rate.
In particular, the replication of all elements of one's personal composition on a seven-year cycle.
It becomes a longer cycle.
How much longer depends upon the individual.
Since everyone is different.
Just as everyone has a different nose or face, people are slightly chemically different.
Look at that green beverage he's holding up.
Their nerves are different.
In the sky.
They're whatchamacallit different.
Oh, thank you very much.
What is this?
Mouthwash?
It looks like scope.
Absinthe makes the heart grow fonder.
Well, they say you shouldn't mix drinks, but in this case, this is a special occasion.
Oh, that's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
Oh, what's that, Bunky?
You say you just wanted things to slow down?
Not change so fast?
You feel like America is passing you by in favor of cheaper and more reliable Mexican models?
You're not racist, but you feel as if our culture is a game changer.
You're not racist, but you feel as if our culture is eroding.
You're not racist, but they should fill out the paperwork.
You didn't expect things to get quite this crazy.
You just wanted to tell those damn liberals a thing or two.
You were, in fact, concerned about her emails and maybe she'd get us in a war or something.
So you maggered or Brexited or ran off and attended Milo Yopalopoulos rallies.
Why is it that you're not racist?

Why is it, Bunky, that every time you screw the world up you come to me for absolution?
I can't give you that and I wouldn't even if I could.
I don't like you, Bunky.
You're a bad person.
Besides, you have to repent to get absolution and you can't seem to actually bring yourself to do that.
You're mush-mouthing excuses for kiddie concentration camps and trade wars and breaking up NATO and...
No, Bunky.
This time I can't tell you that it's going to be okay.
It is, in fact, against my religion to tell people it's okay when you know that they're doomed.
I didn't catch that last bit, Bunky.
You say that out-of-campaign political rallies are making you just a little bit nervous?
That weird rant about Elton John's organ made you feel like maybe the president might be losing his grip on you?
Just a little bit?
Oh, don't worry, Bunky.
He was technically correct.
Elton John has an organ, but he plays a piano.
As for the rest of that speech, if his cocaine-fueled 3 a.m. tweets didn't bother you,
why would a minute or two of absolute word salad at the podium?
This is what you asked for, Bunky.
This is, in fact, what you demanded.
What you screamed for in 2016.
And now you're upset because he's doing exactly what he said he was going to do?
You think that your friends are dodging you because they somehow got it into their heads that you're a racist?
And you're not a racist, but...
Oh, fuck you, Bunky.
Fuck you right in the heart.
In your rage that a black president got elected and re-elected,
you've moved us back to the past.
Back to 1930.
And not just those darn dirty liberals, either.
But also your mom, your sister, your wife, your daughters,
that one Hispanic guy you know at work,
your token black friend.
This is what you have done.
Now, piss off, Bunky, and stop bothering me.
The next time I see you, I'm gonna beat you with a piece of rebar and throw you into traffic, asshole.
Reverend Roger, dear friends, that was only read by me.
It was called,
Son of a Bitch, Bunky, What Is It Now?
Yes, friends.
The Church of the Subgenius isn't political.
But I am, and I'm doing the hour of slack.
You know, it's weird, because I have friends and loved ones who voted for Trump.
And some of them would probably do it again.
When I think about my friends, okay, and loved ones that did that,
and then when I look at Trump and his vocal supporters on TV or the Internet,
I just can't put those together.
They don't fit in the same box, and yet there it is.
To me, Trump fans are kind of like Howard Stern fans.
He is their testicles.
And now this.

You know the doctors and the rockers and the heads of state
Are all beating their eagles at a million a flea
Another way they cause peace, so know
All the greats is running in the big silo
Crank up the noise, rock with the boys
Come on, jam with the band, blow the horn of plenty
And the big ones are the ones that are the best
Well, I went to bed drunk and I woke up merry
I slept through the church and I woke up merry
Stay on your guard, don't explain
They're all being blind in the quick of a wank, wank, wank, wank
I'm a young man, I'm a young man, I'm a young man
Now that I've become a rich man, how much will I give?
How much will I keep, like the other half-lives?
To fill the Grand Canyon's good intentions
We've got but the gaps that are wide between the heaven and us
Crank up the noise, rock with the boys
Let's go jam with the band
Blow the horn of plenty
Let's go jam with the band
That was The Rainmakers
from their old album
The Good News and the Bad News.
Still timely after 140 years.
Unfortunately though,
now it's time for the show.
Just be glad it's not the whole time
of time for the show
because they're often over two hours long.
They take me three weeks to listen to.
I've been milking this one old episode of theirs,
number 32,
for three of my shows
and they do their show every week
for two hours.
So be glad Bob is letting us keep the suffering
down to this 20 minute excerpt.
Well, I promised everybody
we were going to get to viewer mails
when we came out of the break
and look at that.
We're hitting it before 1030.
So this is great.
We're making a great pace.
Blind eye.
Let's do it.
Who's your blind eye?
Are we going to do blind eyes now
or viewer mails?
You're just saying.
Blind eyes because you don't have a viewer mail,
peas.
That is an outrageous accusation.
And you didn't have a blind eye either.
So I guess you made one of those up.
I have a very good blind eye.
I have the winner blind eye tonight.
It's not a competition, peas.
Well, not with that.
But is it a band is.
That'll be coming up.
It is.
Is it?
It is.
How about this?
We'll do is it a band after the hour break.
We're going to.
We'll just hit it hot.
We're going to come hot off of that break.
And we're going to butter that bread with butter.
With is it a band, which is always fun.
But right now, I guess.
So hot.
Good toast.
The bread when it touches it.
Peas didn't do his homework.
He didn't write a blind eye or a viewer mail.
By the time the show started.
That's a lie.
But he has seemed to have written a viewer mail now.
I mean, a blind eye now.
So I guess one of them.
We'll just do the blind.
I segments.
I thought we were doing.
Viewer mail blind.
I need that queued up.
Yeah, we do need the sting for the blind eye segment.
But because this is such a controversial segment, I am required by the Federal Aviation Administration to give a public service announcement before this highly, highly controversial, racially charged bit that we do every week called the blind eye.
So I do the.
The PSA.
I guess a legal require come out smelling like a rose.
Dr.
Fox Lee smelling like a really want these things to.
All right.
Well, let me just say some stuff, but don't listen to me.
Just get it out of the way so that we can do the blind eyes because I can't wait to hear what pieces.
All right.
This this week's required PSA.
Remember, kids, if you don't do drugs.
Drugs.
They won't do.
We'll do you.
All right.
I think we're good.
Everybody.
All right.
That was it.
All right.
Are you ready for my blind eye?
Yeah.
Who's your blind eye?
Pete?
Wait, but wait.
What is the blind eye?
What is the blind eye?
Yes.
I die.
Let's go over what the boy.
It's been 17 minutes talking about what this segment is.
Everyone understand that is everyone here.
Have you you?
Yeah, I'm talking to you.
I said, have you heard this show before?

That's right.
Per the time you show Geneva Convention.
You even know what this is.
It's the blind eye segment.
We're excited to get into it for you.
You're like, wow, what have I been missing out on?
Well, I'll tell you what you've been missing out on.
Tell him.
Well, this is this is where we give each of the three of us give a blind eye to ISIS.
And we say we tell ISIS who are a very big demographic of of our listeners.
Our viewership about it makes about like sixty nine percent of our viewers.
Hey, right, guys.
Up top.
So we tell ISIS every week each one of us gets one target and we tell ISIS you fly a
plane to this MF right here.
And guess what?
We'll turn over.
Good.
You got one week.
So listen up, ISIS.
Here's who you can fly a plane into.
And you won't get any resistance from us.
The host of Time for the Show.
You might get some from the U.S. military, but but not us.
Little known fact.
One out of every three Canadians is an ISIS member.
That is a true fact.
Is is your blind eye the the Canadian ISIS member?
No, my blind eye is very apropos.
It's nearing.
You were doing a Segway.
I thought you were doing good radio.
Segway into my blind eye.
All right.
Let's let's see a buttery smooth Segway.
Okay.
So it's the end of summer, which is we all know is almost the end of the festival season,
which is we also know festival is where are you in fucking Rio?
Hippie crack in 31.
I said here and becomes more valuable.
Now, here's my problem.
Whenever I partake in pieces problems, I like to buy a couple of cases of whippets to have
on hand in case I need to do some dental work or any other kind of thing.
And I bit peas.
Isn't that like a small?
It's a little.
Now, here's the thing.
I'm going to get to that because this is why I'm blind.
I don't know what it is.
I'm going to explain it.
I'm going to explain why I'm blind.
I in the good people at the whippet nitrous oxide.
I thought you like a nice dirt company.
Now, many people use these little containers to whip up cream or to make deliciously delicious
culinary concoctions.
But the peas, the peas has found other uses for nitrous oxide capsules.
And he's noticed a disturbing trend.
And it's not just the whippet people, but they're going to take the brunt of my wrath.
Cereal boxes used to be 12 ounces.
Now they're 11 and a half ounces.
Ice cream used to be a half gallon.
Now it's one quart and three pints.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
I think that the whippet people are putting less and less nitrous oxide in the actual
canisters and charging the same price.
And I think that they've done this through these following methods of subterfuge.
Okay.
One is.
Okay.
Just to be clear.
You believe this is how they do it through these means.
Correct?
That's correct.
This is how they lure me in.
As a good consumer.
All right.
Just to be clear.
Okay.
I must have 50 or 60 of these empty whippet boxes and each one holds 24 cream cartridges.
And how many is that?
It's enough for half of the problem.
How many is 24 times 50 cartridges times boxes?
It's a lot, dude.
It's way more than one little Irish man should have in his house at 6428 Dolby Peak Drive,
Las Vegas, Nevada.
Come on.
What did this handsome man do?
His blind eye so we don't have to be here until 11 o'clock?
Absolutely not.
I need to know.
That's why I asked so I can know.
They changed the color of the things.
You don't want to know, Fox.
You don't want to know.
From green to this like metallic-y, tinty looking green.
And the canisters looked smaller.
But I, being a good customer, said, no, no, no.
It's okay.
They were cold.
This is fine.
Whatever.
So I do my three little canisters, which usually gets me enjoying my whipped cream.
And I get nothing.
I'm like, what the hell?
So I found out it takes four now.
So I'm like, all right, well, maybe it's just me.
You know, there is a tolerance for things.
And I am old.
Maybe just I don't take oxygen with nitrous in it as well as I used to.
So I'm like, okay, I'm fine.
I start doing four when I'm doing my problems.
Everything's great.
Even at four divided into 24 is like six episodes of my hippie crack.
And if I get two boxes, I got like 12 episodes.
I'm good to go for the whole experience of having a problem.
But then I go and I get another couple of boxes.
And this time the boxes, they're no longer silver green.
They're back to being that weird lime green.
And they look even smaller.
And now my four canisters of nitrous oxide whippets from the Whippet company is not doing the trick anymore.
I'm very somber.
So I have to do five.
So I suspect that you know, blind eye and the Whippet people is that you have changed the color of your product.
And while you did that, made the canister slightly smaller and put slightly less nitrous oxide into it.
And by the whole thing.
This is an environmental disaster.
Your whole packaging.
Are you also manufacturing those canisters?
Yeah, they're just taking orders.
Bees don't fly the plane.
But if somebody is, it's because they love America.
Whippet factory and empty it of all these canisters before they burn it to the ground because you want to take the kids.
There's no sense wasting the canisters.
So take all the canisters out and mail them to me.
Peas.
6428 Dobie Peak Drive, Las Vegas, Nevada, 891 away and then burn the shit out of the factory.
And then next year festivals.
I'll be making like 12 bucks a fucking canister.
So that's why blind on.
All right, Dr. Fox is here.
Blending the church air right now.
That is the sound that you're hearing.
So that people, you know, hey, don't you edit the show?
What was that horrendous noise?
Yeah, what was it?
That was that was a container of church.
Oh, God, he made it a double.
That's what it sounds like when you breathe real deep.
All right, everybody.
The bottom of your ball sack.
It's the it's the peas and fit show because Dr. Engineer Dr. Fox is just doing it.
The Whippet people are screwing all of us.
Don't stand for it up to.
You know, how about this?
I'm half tempted to blind.
I you, Dr. Fox and you, Reverend Pease.
I'm tempted.
I'm half tempted because look, look at you.
Oh, yeah.
I had to when it comes to it.
And again, kids, you know, if you don't do drugs, drugs will do you.
So do drugs, especially now, because you're listening to this show.
You you really better start doing your drugs now.
Or the way.
Just a little bit.
You know, you're going to start managing your expectations.
Audience has already spoken.
But this is the best blind eye they've ever heard in the in the whole history of blind eyes and all 37 shows over six seasons.
I know.
This has been the best blind eye.
You know, I like I like the drugs that don't involve hypoxia.
I like the drugs that just work because of the drug.
You're not going to you know, you can't hurt yourself too badly from Whippets.
Well, it's not if you if you're not that smart to begin with.
Too badly.
You might fall down.
Well, you you couldn't.
I mean, there ain't a lot.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
I'm an experienced.
I listen, kids.
You know, when you're talking to Uncle Pease, he knows his way around.
Oh, he's OK.
You know, wow.
All right.
The last thing you hear on a trip.
Breathe this tears.
Read this, Timmy.
Let's let's read the Catholic Bible together.
Speaking to read this to me.
Who's your blind?
Who's your blind eyepiece?
That was my blind eye.
The Whippet Company for screwing me out of my little.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I was high on nitrous.
I must have totally forgot.
I heard it five more times.
Yeah.
Who's your boy?
I wrote it down.
You want me to repeat it?
Argus Fox.
Hey, who's your blind eye?
Fox?
Who's mine?
Yeah.
Well, what's the blind eye?
I forget.
This is a weasel.
It's a mystery.
Oh, Dr. Pease.
Fox.
He did the Whippet.
That's why I can't remember.
You know what?
All right.
I'll do mine.
How about this?
Yeah, dude.
He did a big church chair.
He did a big one.
How many?
And then his forehead collided very affectionately with the desk in front of him.
And so I'll do my blind eye first while I let him regain his bearings.
Who's your blind eye?
My blind eye?
I got mine.
Dude, that was pretty bad.
I'll wait, though.
No, go right ahead.
That was pretty bad.
Yeah.
All right.
So my blind eye is...
You know, I'll be honest.
I didn't write a blind eye this week.
What?
I wrote everything but a blind eye.
You didn't.
You have no viewer mail either.
I have a viewer mail.
I'm looking at it right now.
But I'm going to go with my backup blind eye, my donut blind eye.
Okay.
The one that's only good for 50% of the time.





Okay.







You're going to take 40 miles, which is all it should take, Isis, because I'm talking
about a big, big, big, big target right here.
Like Canada.
It's just about everybody.
That's who I'm...
Just about everybody.
And why just about everybody?
And why not everybody?
Because just about everybody...
It's almost everybody.
They engage in this behavior.
Have you ever noticed...
Yes.
Masturbation.
Have you ever noticed...
If you carry, like, a crank that'sливy or something like that, they'll get stuck


a plate of food into a room,
whether you're in someone's house
or whether you're at Chuck E. Cheese
or whether you're at space camp
or whether you're in prison
or whether you're in the air traffic controlling tower
at an airport
or whether you're at the casting couch
for Nickelodeon Guts,
or whether you're at the White House lawn
or whether you're inside the whale.
The point is,
if you have a plate of food
and you walk into any of the aforementioned places,
not even limited to those,
everybody else that's in the room
will eye fuck.
And yeah, I know we were supposed to be clean,
Doc.
Mr. Fox.
But there's no other way to put this.
You walk into a room with other people in it.
There's many other ways to put it, dude.
Be it a courtroom.
Be it the command center of a submarine.
I mean, I can list many, many, many rooms
where there could possibly be people
when you walk into it.
And you have a plate of food in your hands
and you walk into a room,
everybody in that room eye fucks the shit.
Out of your plate of food.
And you might say,
well, you know, they're hungry.
But no, it's not even that.
It's just people are just wired.
They gotta eye fuck your food.
And, you know, my neurosis
is that once my food gets eye fucked,
it's not gonna be as good.
Did we mention earlier in the show
how Fit has a problem with food in general?
Well...
I just want to read back to the earlier part of the show.
Go ahead.
Good blind eye, Fit.
Oh, yeah.
Blind eye and food.
No, you're...
Eye fucking my food.
People that eye fuck my food, I blind eye you.
Everybody does it.
No, wait, how come?
How come you can't just walk into a room?
Like, I can walk into a room with a...
With like a...
I can walk into a room with a gun.
With a gun.
I can walk into a room with a beretta
and less people would look at it
than if I walked into a room with a gun.
I walked into a room with a...
With a hot dog.
With like...
Yeah, a hot dog.
Exactly, Dr. Fox.
Thank you.
I just find it to be a bizarre human behavior
that I've observed over the years
and I attempted to turn it into a blind eye.
But you know what?
It really didn't go anywhere.
I just kind of said what I was
and I didn't do anything with it.
It most certainly didn't.
Well, I told you I didn't have one this week, Peace.
Well, let's hear what Argus doesn't have.
Yeah, let's...
Well, I don't have one like Pease's,
which isn't like...
Dude, mine was the best one ever spoken on the radio.
This is the worst blind eye we've ever done.
Oh, my blind eye.
Come on, bail us out, Fox.
My blind eye was people that say
that they bet on their mother's lives.
Because it's such a cop-out.
Nobody likes your mom to begin with.
And I doubt if you're willing to bet on her life,
you probably don't like her that much either.
It's a sure sign you're a liar.
Yeah, come on.
Yeah, plus half of those people's moms are...
I swear, my mother's life.
You're a liar.
I hate you.
But you know what?
That was my spare.
That's a good blind eye, Argus Fox.
That's a solid blind eye.
We have a guest blind eye.
That is absolutely out of the three blind eyes given tonight.
That is the second best.
But we have one more blind eye.
It's impossible.
There's just three of us.
It's from our hypercube head of...
What department were you in charge of again?
Is this Kuru Drew's?
Don't make me say it.
Don't make me say it.
That would be the department of...
Where is my shit?
It's okay.
I already cussed.
So I set a precedent that you can...
No syndication for this show.
Is it?
Is it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I...
All right.
So Aster Six, queen of hypercube, who's your blind eye?
My blind eye is food packaging and advertising people who can't really figure out how to
make things distinctive, like speaking into the microphone.
But yeah, I often find myself out shopping at the last minute.
And I'm kind of an absent-minded individual.
I don't always read the labels super closely.
And I've been on a spree lately of buying things in diet or other flavors that I did
not intend to buy.
Oh, that'll kill you.

And I don't want to drink them.
And now I've got this shit that I don't want to drink, but I bought it.
That's how you get Adderall on your system, drinking them diet drinks.
That's how you do a blind eye.
Go!
Go!
Yeah.
So fuck those people who make their life difficult.
Blind eye.
Who labels mint in beige packaging?
It should be green, right?
It should be green or white.
Right.
You know, something associated with mint.
It's diet mint.
Yeah, diet mint.
And like a green package with maybe little crystal-y things so you can imagine the minty
goodness.
You know, things like that and the wrong kind of salsa.
That would be good marketing.
We wouldn't blind eye those guys.
Because all the labels look the same.
But these beige mint dealing guys?
Blind eye.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, just, just, they don't need to be there.
They need to rethink their career.
Stupid.
Super stupid.
And you know what?
It's not just the diet because now there's a, you can do the same thing with not the
diet, but the zero sugar.
Oh yeah.
The zero sugar.
So you're like, you get, you get burned the first time that you go to the grocery store
and you accidentally get the diet one.
You're like, I'm not going to make this mistake again.
I'm going to make this mistake again.
So next time you go back, you know what the diet one looks like.
You intentionally don't get that.
By the time you get back to the house from the second trip to the grocery store, you
got the wrong thing again.
Wait, I didn't get diet this time.
No, you got the zero sugar.
That's not diet.
It's another form of diet.
It's a system of signs or letters that could form into phonetic noises and sounds.
Man, I ain't got time for that.
I'm going to the grocery store at 10 o'clock at night.
That you could just look at the package and know what was in it by, I don't know, deciphering
this hieroglyphic, you know, thing.


That's the code that we could come up with.
The FDA.
If only we had such a system.
The FDA should require that all food packaging be in the form of emojis.
It's the only way people will understand.
We have to break it down for the lowest common denominator, people.
I'm not reading the label.
We have the greatest minds in the world bending our society to the least minds in the world.
It's a beautiful dance.
You know what?
That reminds me.
I want to know why this is difficult.
It's more dramatic, I guess.
It's kind of a Starsky and Hutch thing, isn't it?
I'm satisfied with it.
Good Lord.
Besides.
It would mean helping Helen with that experiment tonight.
Can't let her do it alone.
It would mean all night, which you're not very fond of.
Oh, my darling.
Oh, I love you so much.
I hope the experiment will be a great big success.













It will be.
You better be.
Nevertheless, in this intense struggle, we are unknowing poets.
Living on the riverside, taking it all in my stride.
Eric, wake up.
What is it?
Eric, wake up.
What is it?
You haven't figured that out?














still using all the muscles except the one that matters. I want exactly what you
want. I want everything. Would that include a bullet from this gun? Go ahead,
shoot. The best thing about being me, there's so many me's.
I've spoken it. Amen. Amen. Amen.
A lovely, if strangely random, respite there from time for the show, part of a huge audio
collage sent in by a new media barrager, Silas Jansen. I hope I'm pronouncing that name right.
Now, a no-doubt welcome break from the male chorus of the old subgenius sausage party spouters,
the lilting femalian voices of the subgenius uberwomen,
of Austin. A chattering as is their wont, like pleasantly deranged magpies.
Anyway, but now that all the confederate monuments are properly noted as, hey, this was,
this was that guy, and this is why their statue is here, and don't do this.
Because this guy was a jerk. This guy's a real weenie.
Yeah, I think that's, I think that's, you know, now that that's all in place.
I think they took some down, actually. I, yeah, they get to go to the
the the you get to stay here museum, and and that museum full of like, you know,
all the not great people that are still somehow like, you know, cast into bronze and stone.
The museum of not great people.
Yeah, it's like, not the greatest.
These guys were ambitious and did things, but they just weren't the greatest.
You know, and everybody, I'm gonna say, I'm not comparing Genghis Khan,
to, to confederate war not heroes, anti-heroes, I guess.
Whatever they are.
I think it's an anti-hero at that point.
Jerks.
Jerks, yeah. Well, like, prominent people in their field of, of what they thought they were doing was
right, but they were wrong-ness. And, like, so Genghis Khan, you know, took over a lot of the, you know,
like, as far as he thought his continent, you know, far as he thought the earth went.
And then some, right?
Yeah.
He came to, he, there are a lot of, a lot of things happened because of Khan.
There's been a few people out there who've done things like that.
You know, and, and people are like, well, he killed a whole bunch of people. No,
he trained a bunch of killers. And he, he encouraged it. He didn't discourage it.
That's for darn sure. But also, he was such a nice boy to his mama.
Really?
Yeah. He was a real mama's boy. He did what, you know, to, to please her. So maybe
he wouldn't have been such an ambitious murderer if it weren't for his mama.
Anyway, Dr. Bruhaha, I will talk to you next time.
All right. It's great seeing you, animal.
Yes, I'd like you to come right up here and get on the microphone and let these good
people understand that story. That story that you want to tell about this beverage,
which supposedly causes madness, insanity, and death, and it's made from wormwood,
that dangerously psychedelic plant.
Ah, yeah. And it sure is tasty. Like super acidly strong licorice. Yes, that's what it tastes like.
Now, if you want to think of something that tastes bad, I would advise you to visualize
the taste on the beverage.


The tongue and the palate of Fernet Branca, the miracle liquid.
That stuff is real bad. Real bad.
They say it tastes like furniture polish, but who's been tasting furniture polish?
Anyway, I agree. It tastes awful. But this, uh...
This actually tastes good.
Yeah, by comparison. This is the point I'm trying to make. Compared to that,
to Fernet Branca, this powerful absinthe is refreshing. Besides, I have a chaser here.
Several...
In fact...
So, there's a story...
So tell the story.
We need to hear that story right now.
It's a very important story and it has a lot to do with subgenius history.
Yes, it would, of course.
This particular absinthe in this very bottle, this bottle that says smoking cat absinthe on the label...
They call it the Green Fairy.
We brought this to Ex Day back about...
Oh, I'd say 12 years ago.
And in the middle of the night, Doc Fudd...
That's good.
...and G. Gordon Gordon broke into our camp and purloined our bottle of absinthe.
Well, sure, though, you would expect those two bad actors to...
That means they swiped it.
Yeah, they kiked it, see? They liberated it.
Gave it the old five-finger discount.
Yeah, right.
They proceeded, then, to...

To rampage through the campsite, ending in a scene with all of the villagers chasing them with pitchforks and torches.
Uncool, man, uncool.
You can stir up problems like that.
At the end of the day, at the end of this night, St. Joyce and I come back into camp, and lo and behold, here was what started as a three-quarter full bottle of a hundred-year-old bottle of absinthe.


A hundred and forty-proof absinthe.
Uh...
It was now totally empty.
But at least it was used. It passed through some humans. It was not spilled on the ground like the seed of Onan.
It passed through the intestines of subgenius saints.
Well, there you go. And scoured them out, let's hope.
But...
As it is, I shall do my best to absorb this amount that I have been given.
But the most important part to this story is G. Gordon Gordon.
Gordon Gordon and Dr. Fropp were never seen again.
Yes, he had to leave the country after this.
Well, he lives in Portugal. He was visited there by staying last year.
I haven't seen him.
Well, he's there. He's in Porto. Yes, wandering the streets...
Never seen by you again.
...longing to come back, but of course, after this...
You know, the story remains true.
...not able to come back.
Never seen by me again.
Well, he disappeared, but on the other hand, you can just visualize...
People are doing that to me all the time. They just go in and out of my vision, and I just don't know what to do.

But now that I'm here, I have a half a glass of Absinthe, so I'd like to say...
Here's to Absinthe friends, both on this planet and off.
Yes.
Happy X-Day.
All those who couldn't make it, who we wish were here.
Okay, so...
Whew, that's some stout stuff.
This is coming with me.
Don't see... Don't leave that here.
...you can attract thieves and purloiners.
Aren't you supposed to have a sugar cube about...
Yeah, don't you like melt a sugar cube in it over a flame and...
All this stuff...
And then you inject some heroin along with it or something, is that right?
I think a little...
Famous French guys did that.
Black smoke. Well, that's...
Heroin and Absinthe.
Right.
Wasn't that a thing at one point? I think it was.
Heroin was named for its...
Heroic ability to end pain.
And that's its primary function.
Not just physical pain, which all instantly goes away, but also all psychological, emotional anguish.
All the pain you were feeling that you didn't realize you were feeling until suddenly it's gone.
So if you have any Bull Dada auction items, we're collecting those now.
You can bring those to the front and put them...
Oh yeah, we have here one...
They're coming in all the time, folks.
And I am here to assure you that this Bull Dada auction...
Oh, this is kind of an interesting...
...will be historic in collecting the valuable, unique, and even endearing cast-off junk of pure subgeniuses.
This one has an interesting label on it.
It says, caution, contents have been known to cause hallucinations and delusions in susceptible individuals.
Well, of course that could be...
And it's sealed.
It's sealed. We don't know what's in it.
Then we can unseal it.
It says ugly on the outside, even uglier on the inside.
Nonetheless, we must take it out into the light of day in order to flog it to its potential...
It has a declaration of conformity on it and a bunch of UPC codes.
Sounds serious.
All of these things may be dealt with in the fullness of time.
So X-Day's old enough to vote now.
Now, Doctor Howe?
That's because it's 21-year-old, Philo.
Can buy liquor, firearms...
It's a full major, and it can own property.
In fact, all it can do is attempt to fulfill its objectives.
But now, with maturity, some thought that those objectives would be fulfilled in one decisive stroke.
Well, we thought wrong.
Thank you.
Thank you, Doctor Howe and Doctor Philodrummon for taking over the live show duties for me when I had to miss X-Day.
But, friends, you need not miss the real X-Day, which will be the next one.
July 1st through 7th of the year of 2019.
Or what they want you to think is 2019.
I prefer to think that this year is actually 1997.
You can learn more.
Such as...
What planet this really is.
That we're on.
At the massive archival website subgenius.com.
Everything on it besides this show is pretty old.
But it points you to some Facebook pages and other internet forums that are fresh daily.
In fact, they're just veritable faucets of bull data.
And our beloved friends in prison can write to the Church of the Subgenius or me, Reverend Stang,
or the dogs heard wrassling in the background.
At Post Office Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
That's Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
And there's a GoFundMe for our poverty-stricken and near homeless friend, Lonesome Lone.

Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
We talked about it last week.
Dave said it was easy to Google his name and you'd find it.
But he was wrong.
You kind of have to do GoFundMe.com slash gm8su-dave.
Isn't that handy?
GoFundMe.com slash gm8su-dave.
GoFundMe.com slash gm8su-dave.



And everything's lowercase.
Thank you and praise God.
