I'd say it was, well, it was legal, technically.
I mean, at least from a purely technical standpoint.
Shouldn't be anything wrong with it, but...
But, but, but, but, but, but...
Copyright 1981 by the subgenius foundation.
And that's even more legal, dear friends.
No, wait a minute.
No, you wait a minute.
No, can't wait another minute.
Yep.
J.R.?
It's Mama.
Mama, how are you?
Oh, fine, just fine.
Do these millionaires know what's a delicious economical snack?
The subgenius hour of swag.
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
What is the subgenius foundation?
Well, the maybe followers of Bob at the fastest game...
Hello, Bob.
A great change has come over me.
I'm driving the car that Bob sold me.
Oh, the world looks better since Bob is my blindfold.
What is subgenius?


It's doctors for Bob.
We are the livers.
Subgenius.
Somebody told me this Bob was cool.
He had all the answers.
There was good fixing and fool.
And we would like to testify to the power of Dobbs what it has done for us.
Ever since we joined your church.
Praise you, Dobbs.
What did you get me for?
Yeah.
Oh, yes, sir.
Dear friends, oh, praise you, Bob.
Thank you.
Thank you, Bob.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.











All right.
I'll take it.
What kind of evidence could old Cliff Barnes possibly have had to connect me with that
counter-revolution?
They are.
He has plenty.
Well, I mean, what specifically?
I can't reveal that.
It's classified Senate information.
Oh, come on now, Bobby.
This is real world.
It's not a 1940s movie.
Oh, come on now, Bobby.
This is real world.
It's not a 1940s movie.
Man, I thought I was coming to do the radio show.
Paul, Paul, what are you doing here?
I don't...
Is that Nancy?
Yeah, I don't...
Nancy Collins?
No, no, no, no.
Nancy, for a good reason.
But, but, and what?
It's a whole orphanage.
Where am I?
Where am I?
Dr. Howell?
Is that you?
You're on the island of La Puta.
Let me flap your head.
You...
Wait, it's really Dr. Howell?
Right here in the...
But if that's true, then...
There's no slack.
It's a bunch of air.
Oh.
What a thing to say.
There's always slack.
But it's not always air.
Air.
Okay, now it's starting to make more sense.
You see, Doug?
Air?
Wait, what do you mean air?
We're on the air right now.
That was the natural step in evolution
when organisms became aerobic.
And that's what we're doing.
Sure.
We're recreating the first moment of air.
That's why...
The first moment on the air.
Millions of years before yesterday,
weird artists walked the Earth.
It started 3,700 million years or so ago
when chemicals were mixing in the sea.
They kept mixing and kept mingling
until they felt a little tingling.
And that tingling was the start of you and me.
Now that stuff called protoplasm
in the early oceans chasm
was the first stuff on our planet that could feel.
And if what it felt was lonely,
it's because it was the only stuff around
that could continue, not congeal.
That was beautiful.
Yes, that stuff, dumb and complacent,
fed on everything adjacent
till a lack of food forced it to rearrange.
Then it learned to die a little
so the rest could have some vittle.
Death was introduced
so future life could change.
And with death came competitions
as life put forth new additions.
Protoplasm learned to mutate to survive.
With this constant rearranging,
great improvement came from changing,
making sure it was the fit
who stayed alive.
And the earth whirled onward,
spinning outward from the first beginning,
piling up millennia upon time's shore.
Living things grew and divided
through the murky deep they glided,
each one slightly different from the one before.
Yet this process we're admiring
counts on countless things expiring,
systematized hideous mortality,
brainless horrors,
swarming, breeding, tearing, chewing,
gulping, feeding, brainless things
who died,
or brainless things can be.
Well,
I did benefit from it, of course.
But so did a whole bunch of old Dallas boys.
But I-
Now wait a minute.
No, you wait a minute.
I love that area.
And I-
Well now I show thee signs in the heavens
and signs in the earth.
Blood fountains from the earth.
My light to the-
The sky rebukes me!
The children of heaven
and the angels from hell
are among me,
spreading lies and deception!
What do you mean,
lies and deception?
Why, this is only Reverend Stang and deception.
Lies isn't here except on tape.
Yes, dear friends,
good to be back.
Actually, I was back last week,
but, uh, but, uh,
uh,
I just didn't feel like coming in and doing the show,
you know what I mean?
What luxury.
And it's slack, dear friends.
It is the slack of that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
who forces Willow Dobbs to do it here.
And, uh, you can-
you can actually call the station in the next hour
and find out what's going on.
Uh, we've put together a special show for you tonight.
Uh, completely.
Opposed to some new stuff,
but mostly from the old, uh, sad stuff.
Yes, Media Barrage No. 5.
An old subgenius type,
but uh, it's still just as spry and hard,
as uh, any younger one.
And, uh, you know,
by the same token,
it all stays good, don't it?
Well, no, I guess not, but...
I don't care.
Don't...
don't care a darn...
Oh, no, no.
Really, the subgeniuses are people who have nothing in common
except that they have nothing in common with the conspiracy of the normals.
Right.
So that should make perfect sense to everybody.
Well, again, as the book says, if any two are the same,
one must go.
That's too bad.
Sad, sad, but true, yes.
Okay.
We'll call here.
Hello, Jim, you're on 3WE.
Hello, Jim.
Jim went away.
And people will have a number in their hand and in their forehead.
Someone with a lot of energy.
They'll be given a...
Okay, your code number once more.
37.
Go by me, Bob, that I may be...
Go by me, that I may be...
Oh, hello.
I'm the subgenius.
His name will be registered in the cash register.
My...
Bob, can you see me?
Subgenius bitch party.
I wanted you so much I couldn't stay in that chair anymore.
I just couldn't.
You saw the evidence.
JR is guilty as hell.
What did you think of it?
And we have another letter from little Alice Limpenshaw.
He's a CUN

Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
I'm happy.
We'll get you off of the bus.
and it's addressed to puzzling evidence,
but since he was weighed in the balance and found wanting...
Now, this little Aaron Horrock says,
Once you're in, you can't get out,
not by any chance, with my simple ears.
Yes, I'm young, but feel those training years.
Perhaps he's referring to the wheel.
Ah, here we are.
Oh, it's the rest of the show. It just came in.
Isn't it, too?
And look at this.
It says here the mud tribes are going to fight the Nazis in the stadium.
Wow, I hope we don't miss out on that.
That could be a really good show.
Yes, and if we're lucky, this could be a really good show, too.
But it says here, why, here's a letter from a little listener.
It seems Reverend Glenn Goulson
called about a videotape to be made,
says he paid $60 pledge and hasn't received.
I loved him up,
says he collected general premiums.
Help.
And his number is...
Here it is, Will.
Well, actually, dear friends,
the subgenius videos went out in the mail, what, last week?
Yes, last week.
Actually, not until about Wednesday or Thursday.
It dropped in the mail.
And that should be going to just about everybody
that actually paid up their pledge drives, dear friends.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.













You creep in the little worm set there.
It actually thought you were going to get your tape
without ever paying that pledge.
But nay, ain't going to be happening.
I'm looking at pledge drive performance here.
Log of programs.
Hour of Slack collected $720,000.
Okay, that's fine.
That's fine.
What other mail do we have here?
Here's a letter from a listener.
Now, I have not checked these out before.
Dear Kanoan,
no, I have not.
forgotten about you. I just had a few...
Here's...
What? Oh, Gary Benkar.
Okay, and thank you. And what is
our last bit of mail here? Gary Benkar,
we appreciate your...
I do have a tape on the way, I believe.
Yes, Will says...
Seems to think maybe.
And an article
from, obviously, from Dr.
Ranger Rita
on Palmer Rocky.
His great film, Scarlet Love. Thank you.
And
Our true size is the size of our
God.
Do you still insist, Exeter,
that we can allow any of these earth
creatures to have free minds?
Oh, yes. Interesting.
Maybe they are
all God's children, like you said,
Reverend. Maybe they are.
It would be unconvincing
before I believe you are the man.
The man that our church
wants preaching at us every
Sunday.
My mind is my own and nobody's going to change it.
I'm not going into that room.
Nobody is. Come on.
Break out of that glass box.
And join
the church of the
subgenius.
101 degrees.
The Lord knows that
within five
years, the United States, as we know it,
will cease to exist.
We're living in terrible periods.
Fearless. Chaotic
times.
Praise the Lord. And these times
are not going to get any better, my friend.
Amen.
They're going to get worse and worse.
What?
Okay, I knew you all think
you want to know
what's going on.
And that's okay.
So I saw this thing coming.
I saw this thing coming to me.
I didn't know what it was, but
it looked funny.
Oh, the one who sent the new messiah.
He's the one who grins and smokes the pipe.
For in a world of darkness, danger, and despair,
we can go on smiling,
because we know that Bob Dockery,
Bob's is always there.
And I know that Bob's on my side.
I know it as sure as I'm born.
He will make the proper deal
with the exes' whore.
Then we'll come to meet him,
and we'll greet him,
and rule forevermore.
Bob is my one true savior.
You can't keep all of the rest.
Looking at his smiling face
helps me when I'm depressed.
For the pinks, I sure feel sorry.
For Damari, he's a good friend.
And he'll fry with all the rest.
Clever deceptions,
which have surrounded our space program.
Perhaps this is as good a time as any
to take a few minutes to repeat a message
that seems frequently lost
in the hustle and bustle of our daily activity.
Soon Bob will have thousands of followers,
and maybe it'll be okay, because...
Do you remember where I told you that Joe was in his house?
Remember where Bob is?
That Joe was in his house.
Bob is in the old box.
Oh, yeah.
14-03-06.
The final section!
Stand by to watch.
Stand by to watch.
Stand by to watch.
Once they join up,
we're able to get them off
to one of our subgenius retreats,
change their diet,
start feeding them propaganda,
repeating the same thing over and over again
until they forget who they are,
and start responding only to our dogma.
I'm sorry.
I'd hoped to have prepared you somewhat beforehand.
This is a mutant.
We've been breeding them here for ages
to do menial work.
Well, actually, they're similar to some of the insect life
on your own planet.
Larger, of course, with a higher degree of intelligence.
This one has been given orders to guard this corridor
as long as we're here.
I beg of you, go inside.
Cooperate voluntarily.
If you do, I give you my word that you will not be harmed
or your minds changed in any way.
You defy the monitor.
I already have.
Do you believe in Cal?
In this place, I wouldn't believe my grandmother.
I'm not a fool.
Wait a minute.
No, you wait a minute.
I love that area, and I...
No, they still like Bob.
Bob's got no real brain to speak of
Though his luck has seen him through the lack
For all the geniuses led us down the wrong track
Least we know a subgenius won't turn around
And stab us in the back
The conflicts they have us in
Are suckered
But I know that that is a lie
They're due for a big surprise
From demons from the sky
Makes me so glad I wised up
Got it sized up
Hell, I'm a lucky guy
The show's easy.
It's as easy as learning how to fall off a bicycle
after the first time you...
That's easy for you to say, Hal, with your normal voice.
Hold on to that.
It's my abnormal and maladjusted voice.
Tell me when you want me to fire up the valve, Big Bill.
Oh, there it goes.
No, that's my lung!
Stop!
The demons of Mother Nature
One look at them will tell you more
Than a thousand words of mine
Here they are
All real
All true
The cutest of them all
Our little tiny midget bulls
See them all
Right here
Pretty loose
Actually two cows into one body
A fifth leg right out of a rear end
Come now and see them here
Here they are
Strange mistakes of Mother Nature
One look at them will tell you more
Than a thousand words of mine
When they write their first chapter,
They'll be a little more than a hundred
To the subgenius foundation
That's when their luck begins to change,
Their finances improve, and that kind of thing.
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere
Where are you leading us, Bob?
Is he...
And where is Bob leading them?
Right now it acts like it's gonna make me rich.
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere
Where are you leading them?
Kelly Lane, Channel 4 News, Dallas.
As the song says, different strokes for different folks.
Doug's been standing out in the sun too long, I think.
It certainly wouldn't surprise me.
Hmm.
Well, Bob does not summon the UFOs, he makes deals with them.
Ah.
And he is like your broker here on Earth.
You can have a broker with the UFOs
if you will follow the teachings of Bob Dock.
And pay your tithe to his mighty church.
Mm-hmm.
Not necessarily in that order.
No, first pay the tithe and then all the rest.
Right.
All right, I appreciate that, Cole.
We're gonna take a short break here,
We'll find out what's happening in the news,
And then we will continue our discussion,
Examining the Church of the Subgenius,
With Ivan Stang, who is the holy scribe of the church,
And Pope Jimbo of Cleveland.
Bob, Rob, and I are here today,
Home of troops.
And the 5th of December,
Have nopuyzomethy in heaven's ayy,
That do the full church's work,
Tonight I will wash theition at my dash,
Thanks from the whole Christian community,
I America.

I'll collected everyone,
And give them the cup of my holy нап eight million,

Why, God loves me too.
Ciao.
tell you all the voices you keep hearing in and out of the tapes here, and of course I can't,
you'd pretty much have to see the log of Media Barrage number five, but I can say that
certainly thanks are due to the puzzling evidence Dr. Howell, Gary Grobefran, and in this case,
Lies show, actually recorded me last weekend, Saturday at 4.30 in the morning, and yes,
Nancy, Regalia, Lies, Paul Marvides, Dr. Howell, all them puzzling evidences there,
doing that terrible show in Berkeley, and I must also thank those who have
accomplished this show, and I thank you all for being here, and I thank you all for being here,

and according to this Pledge Drive performance sheet of 1980 here, all those of you who have made
the Hour of Slack, yes, the number two of the top ten shows.
All in one place, they're waiting up to their knees in blood, but it's the blood of the baptism
of the mighty fist face of Bob, the face that can pile through eight foot,
thick titanium steel conspiracy Fort Knox doors, the face that can burn through metal with that
mighty pipe.
This won't make too much sense.
I have suddenly realized within the last few years, it's more of a not what you know and what you do,
but who you know game.
Because we need more girls in the church, and bring your rich fathers, and we'll convince them that we're not really that weird,
and we can get some money.
The smell of success is never too sweet.
We can help you out.
I think we're being sold a bill, a big bill of goods.
And you can be with Bob and be listening to the teachings that come through, and I tell you, friends,
if you can just get that, if you can just pull out that wallet, pull it out of your pocket, pull it out of your purse.
Lay your hands on the radio, lay your hands on the radio, man, to home.
I got them.
Big old Bob.
I got a big old Bob.
He's right inside my pocket.
Got my big old Bob.
Just reach inside my pocket.
I just washed him off.
He ain't too stinky this time.
You got to try my Bob.
He really wants to meet you.
azzi
The burning seat of Bob is leaking out of my pocket.
Just open unto him, and he'll crawl inside your socket.
Just open unto him, and he'll crawl inside your socket.
If you still want my Bob, but you ain't got a socket, you can still get Bob.
Just open up your wallet.
Just open up your wallet.
Just open up your wallet.
I think we're being sold a bill, a big bill of goods.
A mockery of everything that's decent and wholesome.
And I challenge you to point out national talk shows that do not belittle sexual fidelity, purity.
That they do not belittle the marriage union and the family lifestyle.
That they don't literally flaunt illicit lifestyles.
I mean, I challenge you to show me a talk show that doesn't make light of God.
The Subgenius Foundation.
The Reverend Ivan Stang.
And Dr. Philo Drummond.
Yeah!
I love the drum.
Moaning, bitching, and kvetching.
My headphones.
My headphones.
They don't seem to be...
Wow, someone sent us a check.
Someone sent Puzzling Evidence a check for 50 smackers.
Well, I'm going to have to turn this over to the...
Well, since there's money involved, no wonder he walked back into the room.
He was just waiting.
He saw Dr. Howell open that letter with a check.
Check for 50 bucks in here.
By the way, while we're setting up and changing hands...
And watching Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence start to fight with each other like they normally do as you enjoy on the show.
I think...
Oh, you think you're so smart?
Since I, Reverend Ivan Stang, am here this one time this year, I might as well actually impart some hard information.
And I'm...
Well, there's some things that the dues-paying Subgenius members out there have probably been wondering about.
Answers which only I can provide.
And for instance...
Where does our $20 go, Dr. Stang?
Well, that's...
Exactly the main question.
Let's look at the Subgenius pie and see how it's cut up.
Well, last Tuesday...
It's all sticky and icky.
Last Tuesday...
I don't like the looks of it.
The...
I didn't do it either.
Now, quit doing show.
They need to hear this.
This is important.
Let's not let show interfere with show.
That's right.
Eat this Billius pie on Monday, and if it's Tuesday, you must be belching.
Okay.
Wah, wah.

Wee, wee, wee.
See, I've learned all the...
Okay.
All the casinoises.
Anyway, not to distract you, but...
Just to let you know what's been going on with the church headquarters in Dallas.
I know that many of you have...
Get it? Church headquarters?
Many of you have felt a certain slight lack of a Bob in the mail waves over the last...
What do you mean?
He's all mail, Doctor.
Years.
He's all man, that Bob.
And the...
I would like people to know that Tuesday...
This week, myself and Will of Dobbs...
Actually, Will O. Dobbs, the only paid subgenius...
And my boss carried 4,000 copies of the Stark Fist of Removal magazine.
It's a couple of weeks late, I'll admit.
But we carted it down to the Bulk Mail Center in Dallas, Texas.
It took a while.
They had to move those from the basement at Stang's Fortress of Solicitude there.
Outside the city of Dallas.
Now, if you believe these pathetic excuses...
They actually did enter the Bulk Mail system.
I know that some packages arrived at the homes of members in Dallas just as I was leaving on Friday morning.
But owing to the constipation of U.S. mail, they weren't squeezed out until too late.
Well, it's never too late.
Because what really are they going to do in between times?
Pastor Stang, I had someone call...
He called me up the last time we did our broadcast.
And he asked about the Stark Fist of Removal.
I started to describe the copy I had in front of me.
And he called me a liar.
He didn't believe that such a thing existed.
Well, I didn't either until I actually saw those 61 sacks addressed to states and individual zip codes and cities going out and wrote that check for $900,000.
Which will take those self-same magazines into the hands of...
Those believers who, yes, have waited.
Of course, if your address is changed...
You've waited and you've believed.
But it hasn't done you any good.
Because now, at last, the show is starting.
This, guys and gals, cats and chicks, it's the subgenius show that you know and love.
Starting up again.
And with our special guests, Lies and Reverend Nancy Regalia.
And, of course, myself, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Not to mention the doctor and Allison.
Yes.
The doctors are here again, ready to operate without warning on anyone they see.
Sharpening their scalpels on this sidewalk of life to operate on the roadway of your brain.
Yes, we like to separate the front and the back half of the brain and end what we call operating from the backside of the brain.
The hind brain or buttocks area.
The two spheres of the brain toward the rear deal with the subgenius element.
The mind.
Though we don't recommend it, you can do this operation at home.
Oh, yes, and he ain't got superpowers.
He ain't from another planet.
He ain't something that we have to bow down and kiss to.
You can pull Bob's leg and Bob will chuckle right along with you.
Because Bob's been a fool just like you or me.
He's been a pathetic fool.
And I tell you, friends.
J.R. Bob Dobbs will be a fool again.
He's a fool today.
He's a fool tomorrow.
He's the same Bob.
The same Bob.
He's always the same Bob.
And he's working for you and me.
No, wait a minute.
No, you wait a minute.
I love that area.
And I'm...
...mouth and carry on the way he did 2,000 years ago.
They'd not only crucify him again, but we'd probably see it on TV.
I respectfully disagree with that.
The Church of the Subgenius.
With the Holy Scribe of the Church, Ivan Stang, and Pope Jimbo of Cleveland.
And right back to our telephones.
Hello, Carl. You're on 3WE.
Yeah, I'm sure since you're an aboveboard host, you told your guests that you're ineligible to be a member of this group, uh, religion because of mesna.
Mesna.
Mensa.
Mensa.
Whatever.
See, that's why I'm not a member.
I'll tell you precisely how I got around that.
Okay?
I had a meeting with Pope Jimbo last night.
And I did indeed join the Church.
Uh...
But I plan to leave it before the check is cleared.
Oh, I see.
Oh, gee! That's great to know there, Bob!
I'll let the check go through.
But I'm just gonna have a schism.
Oh, okay.
Uh, now...
I think he isn't going back far enough because to me it sounds like kind of a combination of Jonathan Swift and Ayn Rand.
I mean...
Putting those two together is just about...
Uh...
Name this religion, wouldn't it?
There's a philosophy?
Well, I suppose there are many contributors.
Well, I would think if you...
I mean, Bob stole from everybody, didn't he, Ivan?
Bob Dobbs, um, took the best from many dead religions and sewed them together in sort of a...
A monster of dead religions that stands up...
You know, you put a lightning bolt charge to it and the thing comes to life.
It's frightening.
But what we're afraid of is that it's gonna destroy its makers in the great Frankenstein tradition.
You know, Poop Dog.
The Poop Dog hat.
The Poop Dog hat.
What about the Poop Dog hat?
You know, the Poop Dog hat.
What about the Poop Dog hat?
Who?
Bob?
Who owns the hat?
Well, everybody.
Oh, I don't own it.
I've never owned the hat.
The Poop Dog hat.
It's just the Poop Dog hat.
It's not like...
Certainly.
Everybody wanted it.
Nobody owned it.
That was the problem.
Until Bob.
Until finally Bob invented the concept of ownership.
Right, right, exactly.
Exactly.
We thought of owning the Poop Dog hat.
That's right.
And we wore it.
See, that's the problem.
The rest of us wore the Poop Dog hat.
It was a great idea on Bob's part.
But really, we were just sort of following along.
Yeah.
I think so.
I'm not talking about sex.
If you don't already know about sex, you're in the wrong church, friend.
Go to one of them non-industrial churches.
If you're afraid of sex, they'll just...
You're mine.
Everyone here should be experts in intercourse.
But we don't want your mind, friend.
Here at the Church of the Subgenius, our hands are big enough as it is.
No, what we want is your money.
And we don't want your money for ourselves.
No, no, no.
We want it so that you won't.
That's right, friend.
There's nothing wrong with having money.
J.R. Bob Dob's very own words said,
In money we trust.
No, friends.
The problem is wanting money.
Like the good book he says,
The love of money is the root to all slackness.
See, a lot of folks think the saying is,
Money is the root.
But that's just disinformation, friends,
put out by the conspiracy in order to confuse you.
It's the love of money that loses you slack.
And believe me, if there's one subject in the conspiracy wants to confuse you with,
It's the desire for money.
Because it's that desire for cash that fuels the conspiracy and enslaves 99.9% of the human race.
And yes, even a few unwary subgenius.
You get so wrapped up chasing those pieces of paper around,
That you're too busy to see the conspiracy has got you wrapped around its little finger, heart, body and soul.
You're so busy working for money that you forgot money is supposed to work for you.
And that's the good news, friends.
There is a way out of the rat race.
Through the conspiracy money made.
There is a key, there is an answer.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs has often thought aloud,
Life is a game.
And you can play by their rules or you can play by your own rules.
But if you play by your own rules, friends,
You can always get away with cheating.
That's right.
See, the conspiracy has got you going around that monopoly board.
In circles.
Hoping to pass gold and collect that lousy $200.
You're just trying to last until the end of the week, friends.
Trying to collect that chintzy little ass paycheck.
Praying all the while not to land on someone else's property.
Especially if they have hotels.
Yes, sir.
After that happens a few times, it's game over now, isn't it?
That's because they've got you playing by their rules.
But why not make up a few of your own rules, friends?
It's only fair.
Why should the conspiracy get to monopolize all the laws?
It's supposed to be a democracy.
Hell, you already got free parking now, friends.
What does that tell you?
And we know how good it feels to land on that free parking now, don't we?
When you collect that big pot of money in the middle.
Yes, sirree.
But do you think they, the conspiracy, would let you enjoy that little bit of slack deliberately?
Hell no!
It was J.R. Bob Dobbs' idea.
Expressly forbid the property.
And they're a rule book.
I kid you not.
Look it up if you doubt it.
You know what they, the conspiracy, say should happen when you land on free parking?
Nothing.
Nothing at all.
That's right.
It's just supposed to be free parking.
Like a day of rest, Sunday, to pacify you.
So you'll calm down and then go around the board for another week.
Well, friends, that's not good enough now, is it?
Hell no.
That's not how Bob Dobbs plays the game.
And that's not how you have to play it either.
But some of you out there are probably wondering, and you're thinking aloud,
Father Joe Mama, how come Bob's changed that rule for us, but he hasn't changed the other rules?
Well, friends, I'm glad you asked that.
Because Bob wants you to think for yourself.
He doesn't want to rule your lives, but he doesn't want the conspiracy to rule it either.
He wants you to rule your own life.
And that's why he's giving you a hand instead of a handout.
Like Bob Dobbs said many a time,
you can lead a man to slack, but you can't make him use it.
He doesn't want to lease you slack.
He wants you to own your very own.
The next rule to break is up to you.
Imagine the possibilities.
Why not agree that when you land on someone else's property,
you give each other slack?
No fees, no fines, just good neighborly hospitality.
Or better yet, make the state pay the fee and abolish taxes while you're at it.
You can do it, friends.
You make the rules.
Remember free parking?
The possibilities are endless.
Now instead of trading going around the block,
you're actually looking forward to it.
Now you're having fun with the game instead of the game having fun with you.
Now instead of minding the masters, you've become master of your own mind.
Now instead of being a board player, you're chairman of the board.
Now every time is your move.
Now you're using the money instead of the money using you.
Bob turned around all this a long, long time ago, friends.
He also learned that it takes money to make money.
That's exactly what he wants to do now.
Take your money so that you can make more of it.
Show the conspiracy that they no longer have charge of your charge card.
Take it out.
Take it out of your wallet right now and cut it in half.
Send it to us, friends.
Be sure to include both halves.
And also avoid cutting it vertically there.
You don't want to damage the man next strike.
We'll burn that sucker for you.
I promise.
Or better yet, just send us cold hard cash.
Or sign checks.
We'll even fill them out for you.
Hell, we don't care about the money.
You think we'd be the first church to pay taxes if we cared about money?
No.
We only want to show the conspiracy you don't care about money.
In fact, I'll personally make sure that money is not spent on anything.
That number is on your screen.
Send that money in and praise Bob, baby.
Yeah, well, you know, as soon as everyone on the phone,
the planet starts getting behind Bob, you know, all the Bobbies and the Gimme Bobs,
and it gets to be really a hip religion.
Well, Bob will just sell it to the best, highest bidder and just get into something new anyway.
Probably Japanese.
Well, it wouldn't be any good.
It wouldn't be any good if there's too many members, though.
Oh, of course not.
No.
All right, but by that time, we would have made enough money that we would be able to drop out of sight
and let the church take another name, you know, change names and change disguises like it's been doing.
That's what we've been doing for the last 2,000 years.
Oh, okay.
Well, I just thought maybe Jonathan Swift and Anne Rand put together might have been your guiding light there.
Oh, actually, they probably did.
You'd have to put that to Bob.
Put that question to Bob.
If it wasn't in Colorado, you'd have it, you know, along with Congress.
Well, Congress is definitely a center.
I'm not sure of what.
Well, insanity and subgenius, you know.
Bob?
Yes?
I noticed that your friend Pete Franklin there was discussing the Cleveland Indians,
and he said that football reality begins this weekend.
And I took note of that, and I thought, you know, that guy must be a real subgenius
because a subgenius allows his reality to begin each weekend.
And, you know, really, you have your own reality, but the weekend is really the best place to start it out.
So, you know, I kind of admire that particular undeclared subgenius.
Well, I'll make sure, I'll certainly make sure that Pete gets the necessary literature here so that he can be attracted to this definite center of learning.
Okay.
We'll take another break.
We'll find out what's happening in traffic, and then we'll get right back to our discussion about the Church of the Subgenius.
Stand by.
We are going to explain the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer, he is the one for me.
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer, he is the one for me.
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer, he is the one for me.
The relating of spiritual declension is never a pretty sight or a pretty sight.
It's a pretty picture.
Continuing our discussion of the Church of the Subgenius on 3WE, stand by the explanation of the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
Hi, this is Craig DeLaw.
What's happening in traffic?
Here's Cassandra DeLaw.
I'm talking about the Church of the Subgenius, the Holy Scribe, Ivan Stempo of Cleveland.
And before we do run out of time, Ivan, I will have to ask you how this whole thing came about.
Was I would be talking about something like the elections in South Africa or a local political race or some such thing, and somebody would say, well, it all has to do with the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
Well, what doesn't?
Well, that's, let's see, I have to get the explanation.
Now, do you want to let that cat out of the bag and explain to people what that means?
Well, as the Hell's Angels once said, those who say don't know and those who know don't say, which makes me wonder why they said it to begin with.
But the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer is a sacred object in the Church of the Subgenius.
In fact, it transcends.
And really, it's sacred.

It's far more important than most of the other elements of the Church.
You've seen the Arnold Palmer on Penn's local commercial and so forth.
The old tractor, yeah.
Well, he's a satanic imitation of the true bleeding head of Arnold Palmer, the decapitated head of the World Cup golfer, which is launched by the Church of the Subgenius.
Every equinox.
It's like clockwork and heals those who it passes over.
The people, well, occasionally it doesn't exactly heal them.
It kind of mutates them a bit.
But for the most part, it's a pretty beneficial supernatural object.
And it continues the Earth on its axis.
It absolutely, without the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer, this planet would stop.
It would spin off into space like the wildly rotating eye of a cow's head kept alive in a laboratory dish.
Bleeding head good, healed head bad.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
I mean, listen.
There are people out there who would take a hockey puck and try to launch a bleeding toenail of Lee Trevino.
I mean, there are so many blasphemous extrapolations from this thing.
It's kind of sickening, really.
And as far as I'm concerned, anybody who wants to mess with the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer, they can back off my green, man.
I mean, you know, either you get it or you don't.
But this is a nonviolent religion.
Oh, absolutely.
We would not...
I mean, why fight over it when you can buy it?
Exactly.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Let us buy rather than conquer.
We'll conquer and buy both.
Why not?
Okay.
All right.
People, I'm sure, are going to come flocking to the church because...
You're living Jesus.
You're living Jesus.
You're living Jesus.
You're living Jesus.
You're living Jesus.
You're living Jesus.
The relating of spiritual declension is...
Because as foolish as Bob gets, as foolish as Bob gets, it's the wisdom of the ages.
It's the foolishness and the idiocy that has kept man from being satisfied with his lot in life.
It is that stupidity which is...
It is that stupidity which has caused man to build his great monuments, his mighty gas-powered engines and his nuclear reactors.
It is that which has given man his urge to master the entire Earth, no matter how nice it was before.
It is this mighty, sacred archetype of an urge that's in Bob and in all of us that makes us want to smite our brothers.
And from this...
And from this, my friends, if it weren't for that, where would us subgeniuses be?
We'd be like everybody else.
We'd be no different.
We'd have nothing to gripe about.
And without the mighty gripe power and the mighty hate, the hate for the normal that we can feed,
the hate that can make us go out and earn something for nothing,
the hate that will make us over-gain,
the hate that will overcome every last conspiracy attempt to hold us down that there's ever been.
In the long run, we may stay poor and broke, we may stay neurotic, or whatever we started out as,
or whatever we may fall into, but by God, we've got Bob and they ain't.
And for that, we can hate them! Hate them! Hate them!
Call us and talk about what you'd wish. Go ahead.
I might point out that a lot of people worry about the one-world government that the conspiracy is trying to get across on us,
and we suspect that the only thing that can fight a one-world government is going to be a one-world religion.
And of course, that's what the subgenius, the church of the subgenius is here for.
All other gods besides Jehovah and his son Jesus Christ are strange gods.
Sir, we absolutely believe in everything.
We believe in it wholeheartedly.
Oh, yeah, I was here on the last tape.
This is where the little people come out and take your wallet.
Oh, well, I didn't have much in my wallet that year anyway.
But I tried. My family knows I tried. They imported all of their insides to this side of the nation. And you know what happened? The bottom fell out on them. Yep. It was coming across the Great Divide and the bottom fell right out on them.
It was like Death Valley in 81. Clogged up and choked up. They elected to stay in a burned out motel south of Icewater. Well, they were flying over Armpit. Yeah, that was that place. And the bottom fell out again.
But this time, because they had that previous experience, they were able to use their survival guide in such a way to as not fall.
Not to as hurt anybody. As you can see here in this slide, as they arrived at the Kewater International Airport with the entire party intact except for the dog who was eaten three days out.
Again, Matt. And do you know what happened? And do you know what happened?
This won't make too much sense, but it's not intended to.
Well, I'm afraid of God.
I'll tell you what, if you would, put your hands...
Put your hands on the radio right now.
Put your hands, put your hands on the radio.
I'll tell you what you don't need too much of, and that's the word of Bob.
Ten years from now, our pamphlets will take the place of federal reserve currency.
That's what it might be.
You can get those pieces of paper that Bob sent from P.O. Box. I'm going to read that number again to you folks. P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.


You can leave off the zip code, but send that dollar.
God put money in that empty purse. Don't ever let it be broke again.
You do what you do because you want to.
I do what I do because...
Because Bob...
Bob told me to!
Ah!
I was...
Get out of the car!
They'll also tell us about the mysterious J.R. Bob Dobbs, who, as I understand it again, is the high muckety-muck of the Church of the Subgenius.
Hello Bob!
I'm serious, man, and I've got a question for Mr. Ivan Stang, please.
I'm not surprised.
Now, just put this question in perspective. Listen, Paul, you've got your two Germanys over there forging up some kind of ironclad prosperity pact.
We already settled this problem earlier this evening.
According to Garbatov, who came up over there in the Eastern Bloc, you've got your twelve-headed economic conspiracy...
Your twelve-headed Michael Pippes? I know, we already solved that problem, didn't we?
Shave it up over there in the Eastern Bloc. You've got your twelve-headed economic conspiracy... You're twelve-headed Michael Pippes? I know, we already solved that problem, didn't we?
Shave it up over there in the Western Bloc. You've got your... We solved all the world's problems at 8 o'clock.
Your Japanese over here...
The twelve-headed octopus conspiracy of Western thought threatens to dominate the world.
And we all know that, and those fifteen subgenius pamphlets that were smuggled into the Soviet Union only a decade ago.
Look at the effect they've had.
But, enough of that. What was the rest of your question?
What time are you telling people the truth about Bob?
Huh?
I said, don't you think it's time you told these people the truth?
Yeah, it probably is. Okay, well, we've got other things to do, though, this morning. It's a show.
Good morning.
Buddy, this radio station doesn't go that far.
We don't use that...
They can't hear us in Germany. They can't hear us in Moscow.
But, friends, if you sent more money to the subgenius, we could raise our broadcasting power here to 85 billion watts.
Stang. Stang, it's been months.
Oh, no. No, it's been years, actually.
Well, that's true. It has been.
But that time of waiting will soon come to an end, and the shrouds and mummy wrappings will be removed.
I must wonder, is my name still on that sacred computer?
Am I going to be translated into that mothership? The hands of X-Day friends?
We're moving the hand truck into position now.
We're going to put a life-size statue of you on our ship,
and a lifetime supply of crop.
It's going to be saved in, you know, to make up for the fact that we can't actually get to you.
But a reasonably worded postcard would help.
But, of course, in doing so, we'll only be checking the safety standards to make our program better for you out there.
This is Reverend Lodge and Reverend Ivan Stang.
And Dr. Howell.
Hey, wake up over there. Say goodbye.
Goodbye.
Well, isn't that a bit premature?
Well, it is a little bit premature, but, you know, this is the premature show-bearer.
Immaculation of Bob.
Oh, yes, sir, rather. I'm having trouble reaching Venus on our long-range deep dish radar antenna.
We'll be right back to our previous program in just a moment.
Venus won't talk to you anymore.
Come in, Klaxon. Come in, Klaxon. This is the Earth.
Are you receiving us?
Oh, he hung up on us. They hung up on us all the way from Venus.
Well, folks, uh...
This is an embarrassment.
There's one in every solar system.
We spent a lot of money on that.
There's a policeman Bob and an escapist con artist crime-ridden Bob.
There's a scissors Bob and a knife Bob.
There's a shark Bob and a dull Bob. That was the ancient way of saying it.
There's a cook Bob and a slob Bob.
There's a sterile Bob and a fertile Bob.
There's a lieutenant Bob and a corporal Bob.
Well, there's a bad Bob and there's a good Bob.
There's a real Bob and there's a suited Bob.
You better watch out.
Better watch out.
Better watch out.
Don't follow the wrong one, no.
I have had direct contact with people from other planets.
First our spaceship blew up and now our deep dish antenna.
We can still order the New World in the catalog.
That's quite true. Let's bring in a new planet now.
For the doctors of the air, nothing's going to change.
Nothing is too good.
All right, let's heave it into position.
Here goes.
Whoa!
That's better. God, it sure is wet. We must be on Venus.
Up to the moon in an Apollo spacecraft,
Apollo has six letters.
Each of the astronauts' names has six letters.
Lovell, Anders, Borman.
Six, six, six.
From space, six television transmissions were made.
The moon trip was a six-day journey.
The spacecraft was in six sections.
The astronaut section plus the escape system was 66 feet tall.
On occasion, an unidentified flying object has been reported by witnesses to be the source of the sound.
Oh, no. Oh, Bob, what's that?
Yawing, itching and yawing.
Yes, well, we are going to have to check it.
We'll have to check the pitch of the yaws on the roof just to make sure that the Balaponga earthquake did not damage our control facility.
We're outside.
And while we're out there, we'll...
Super sonic nuclear satellites might go out of control and attack anything within reach.
Attack anything yet living.
And so let's attempt to connect with that super secret Soviet spy satellite now.
Oh, there it is. There it is.
It's moving into the ecliptic.
See if you can triangulate on that little red...
...winking light.
Punch that button there and we'll bring the Soviet cosmonaut into focus.
Oh, there's a whole raftload of them up there.
Can you see the Earth? Is it a big blue Aggie, as they often claim?
A big blue Smith Aggie.
A Smith Aggie sandwich.
Phone rang. There went another Smith Aggie.
Where's Buzzle Nibbits? Come on.
Hello?
Oh, how does that shoot?
Hello, Captain Edge.
The home of Buzzle Nibbits.
Are you okay?
Well, sort of. Why not? Yeah, sure, we're okay.
And, dear friends...
Well, you know...
...always, always the tapes come to an end not soon enough.
And the show comes to an end far, far less than soon enough, I'm sure, for some of you.
But, for you, you can stay tuned for real music.
Yes, real talking music.
Not like these other shows.
And stay tuned for...
...night music.
Yes, from Lisa Taylor and, uh...
...and Logan. Yes, I'm sure you all remember them.
Some better day.
In the meantime, dear friends, we have to say goodnight.
It's coming up on 12 o'clock here at K&ON 89.3 FM in Dallas, Texas, as you know.
But...
But what you may not have known was, uh...
What is that post office box?
One more time, Reverend Stang?
Where you can write to Bob?
What, what...
I heard you.
Here it is.
And I know you have that pencil ready.
Just write for free information from...
...Bob at...
...Post Office Box 140306.
That's Box 140306.
In Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Yes, that's right. 75214.
Why, don't you believe me?
I think they find it a bit hard to believe, don't they?
Well, who cares?
You'll find out all too soon.
At least by July 5th, 1998.
Seven o'clock in the morning, yeah, you'll wake up and go...
Oh, now I understand what that subgenius show was all about.
But it's too late now.
Too late.
It's 10 o'clock, or something like that, according to...
...a sort of a cross-section reference of the 18 different wristwatches and the several wrong clocks there in the studio.
And, uh...
Uh...
Stay tuned and thank you.
...says, if there...
If any two are the same, one must go.
That's too bad. Sad, sad but true, yes.
Okay. Well, a call here. Hello, Jim, you're on 3WE.
Hello, Jim.
