Oh, I never should have eaten all that chorizo this morning, but we'll just tune the show in and
let's see if we can get the show online.
They changed the area codes here. All right.
We'll connect. Good, it picked up. And it's establishing contact.
Contact. Yes, I can hear the show.
Connecting. Establishing communication.
Yes, we have, I think, a successful show is now online.
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
Slave Planet, dear friends, by Radio Alarm Clock from 1967.
Well, actually, friends, Radio Alarm Clock.
just like Strawberry Alarm Clock, only it's Radio Alarm Clock.
That's what now is Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Chaz Smith were in Radio Alarm Clock,
and that's what's also playing here in the background.
It's an LP, an old LP record that they did, I don't know how long ago,
but listen to this mighty Western-style,
Avengers-inspired music in the background.
I should shut up, but I won't, because I say instead, friends,
ahem, sir, yes, yes, I say ahem, sir,
and because what a show we have today, tonight, whatever it is.
I'm the guy that's got the radio show on the college station.
I've got some legal documents, guy.
I have a right to Joe Offred.
I got the ESO.
I...
The cops in Euclid know I have a deadly tabin needle.
I've got the John Bartles.
I've got the mockery and perversion,
and the school district in Euclid gives me the right to have KPFA
and special Dr. Legume tapes.
I've got a deal with the Greys, and I've got the Purple.
I've got double-spaced negative.
I've got a reverse grip lock on the Dobbs head.
I've got the...
Trademark, and I've got the ahem, sir, if you know what I mean.
I'm a privacy case, so we're going to have to talk quietly about that,
but yes, friends, it's true.
It's true, and perhaps wonderful or terrible, I don't know.
We're going to have a Joe Offred special thing.
I think I'll save it for the climax of the show.
I got a tape in from a news station carrying the hour of slack.
Now, where is that?
Dr. Legume.
Dr. Legume on the Prozac Free radio show a couple of weeks ago,
and they did some call-ins, friends,
and I swear Dr. Legume does the greatest preaching
and funniest preaching job of his career.
The ahem, sir.
The sheer ahem, sir.
It will justify anything, my friends.
It does literally justify anything.
The, uh, the, not just the hints, but the full gospel.
So, uh, hopefully that catches you up on the news here of the church,
of the subgenius.
Now, let's just listen to this instrumental take us out into some other thing.
We know not what.
Yeah, talk.
Uh-uh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.


Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.

Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.

Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Ooh, yes, very ESO-like indeed, dear friends.
I better pull that old turntable down and...
Shut it, guys.
These headphones won't even let me reach over to the old turntable.
Yes, we occasionally use a turntable in this Tarzan's radio station.
My kids get after me sometimes because I refer to CDs as records.
Records. They think that that's really old age and embarrassing.
And if I call them albums, they even get mad.
To them, an album is an old black vinyl disc that doesn't play on anything anymore.
But, hey, man, they're all little flat circular things.
They spin around and noises come out.
What is this noise in the background?
Friends, I do have to...
Oh, it's...
It's not the mellow moods of...
Oh, it's Cosmic...
The Cosmic Cats or Cosmic Factory or Cosmic Triad.
Cosmicking out back there.
Friends, I have a little bit of news.
This is an article posted in September in the Times Journal of London, Ontario.
Oh, excuse me.
That...
You never know what you're going to get when you stick one of these tapes in.
I suppose I could plan this show or something like that, but wouldn't that be...
Oh.
I don't know what this is, but it sounds sort of promising.
Okay, it's wild.
It's wacky.
It's Bob.
This is a real news item that was in a newspaper in Canada.
Organizers are expecting as many as 200 teens who attend St. Thomas and area evangelical churches
to be at Bob or Battle of Believers, a fun time of zany activities this weekend at Camp Fimkin.
Large group activities will rule.
Saturday afternoon says Faith Baptist Church youth pastor Scott Brush.
But there's more to Bob than may first meet the eye.
The Elgin Christian Youth Network event, sponsored by local businesses,
is also geared to encourage young Christians to look around to see where they may be needed.
It's to encourage Christian kids to stand up and be bold about their faith, says Brush.
Excuse me, friends.
I'm going to check.
Let's go back to the old standbys.
You know, and the Bob participants, it says here in this serious newspaper article,
will get their spiritual batteries recharged through praise and worship,
guest speaker Brad Ringer, an inner city youth ministry leader, said from Buffalo, New York.
Well, friends.
And the local businesses donated $2,000 to Bob because Bob is going to save
and recharge the spiritual batteries of those young Christian youths.
My friends, but I want you to know something very important that you must face,
and that is that the subgeniuses have been watching you, Americans.
Yes, waiting.
And planning and training with the most grim and terrible purpose.
But here and there, oh, comedy, certainly to lift our spirits, as the liberal media declares.
The subgeniuses, oh, the subgeniuses, says the liberal media, are all washed up.
Oh, out-of-date cavemen, gun nuts, nuts, they call us.
Then we think about your hateful slanders, Americans,
and they shall play upon our lips as we introduce the bureaucratic infidels
to their duly appointed rendezvous with eternal torture.
Oh, so Bob is out-of-date, huh?
When your own pink media reports over half of Americans believe the biblical book of the subgenius end times
shall befall this generation?
Oh, practice your weeping, Americans, for this shall be the plague wherewith Bob will smite all the people
who have fought against Jerusalem and Dallas.
Their feet shall consume away while they stand upon their feet.
Listen up, you evolutionists, bureaucrats, peaceniks.
And their eyes shall consume away in their holes, and their tongues shall consume away in their mouths.
Zechariah 14, 12.
The Lord is sore displeased.
The earth shall be utterly laid waste and utterly despoiled, for the Lord hath spoken his word.
Isaiah 24, 3.
True subgeniuses have real faith.
Family values, my friends.
They do not abandon their issue to socialist daycare indoctrination robot scarecrow setters.
Oh, practice your weeping, Americans, Christians.
The school prayer ruling by the satanic mind-control Frankenstein puppet Supreme Court?
Oh, go ahead, sure.
This is but the final insult to Dobbs.
This...
This nation hath known naught but chaos and piqueness since Lincoln, upon orders from his Masonic masters,
did most illegally, unconstitutionally, and immorally in rendering void with but a stroke of his bloody pen the private property of patriots.
This indeed was the wake-up call for the book of the subgenius believing subgeni.
This was the natural order.
This was the first time the world had ever been converted.
Bob's plan mocked.
And ever since that infamous act, up has been called down.
Black has been called white.
Evil has been called good.
And the madness of orchestrated global war is only one more global war to go, praise Bob, with fearsome persecutions, till at last we greet the reign of the Prince of Slack, our savior.
Bob hath been plotting his most glorious vengeance.
Until now.
South Africa has fallen to the Communists, pledged its allegiance to the Dark One.
It is plain to all with but an ounce of liquor sense that we, we are next.
Some TV whore, choked with Jezebel hate, screeches,
I fear to live in a country with two hundred million guns.
You don't like it, harlot?
You can get the hell out.
Not that there will be anywhere safe to live.
You'll have to hide once the nukes start flying, pink boy.
Thus saith the Lord, behold, I am shaping evil against you and devising a plan against you, Jeremiah 1911.
Satan's mighty armies, the armies of the pink, the armies of the Democrats, the armies of the Republicans, the armies of, yes, the Libertarians and the Peroninaitists,
staffed with moral degenerates, so-called Americans,
are arrayed against the subgenius patriots
as Bob instigates his one-world plot.
Praise Bob.
Have courage, subgeniuses.
The preordained conclusion to the revolution
is that none but the true subgeniuses across this planet shall remain unslain.
Only the subgenius shall remain unslain.
This planet, purged of filth,
of ungodliness, yes,
of anti-Dobbs,
psst,
hate,
half-assed, pinky-winky, normally hate,
the infidels all,
all shall be purged on that great day, X-Day, 1998, July 5th at 7 o'clock in the morning,
when those of us who have our subgenius membership cards in our pocket
will be ruptured up into power and glory upon the space vessels of the escaped goddesses.
Ah, yes, you've heard it so many times,
but, you know, I just love to remind the others,
because I know, subgeniuses, that there are others lurking, listening all the time.
Sure, they monitor us.
The other, the other hates us.
The other writhes in jealousy to hear us bespeak the glory,
the naked glory.
Of the word of Bob.
Oh, yeah, they're jealous.
They, and then, you know, funny thing is, at the same time,
they are just so sure that we're going to hell.
I'm not so sure they're so sure about that, friends,
and I think you can hear, I'm gonna play this tape
of an amazing, a beautiful witnessing,
and some witlessnessing,
done, uh, as Dr. Legume guested on the Prozac Free Health Show there in beautiful Pennsylvania,
I think you're going to, uh,
I think you're gonna like this one, friends.
And braise, Pop.
91.7 WMUH Allentown.
Doing the work of the Lord.
Yes.
We're here to save your souls.
Friends, neighbors, brothers, sisters, yes, we are.
We can help you, and only we,
because only we,
are gifted with a divine perspective
to know that which is the word of the Lord,
and that which is blasphemy.
I sense it, children, that someone out there,
someone out there is disgruntled.
Someone out there is not quite happy.
Someone feels that we are doing wrong,
because they themselves are confused.
They know not what is the true word of the Lord,
they only know what they desire,
and desire, my friends,
is the quickest and surest path to hell.
So call us back, friends,
and call and get some of that salvation.
We will save you.
We will look beyond our petty differences,
and we will take you into the fold and heal you.
We will make you see with eyes of clarity
as clear as a summer brook
in which swim the fishes
which God has created
for your consumption.
Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field,
which today is, and tomorrow is cast into the oven,
shall he not much more clothe you,
O ye of little faith?
Then he pointed his finger at Satan and said,
And I know you know the rules.
You've been twisting them to deceive my people for years.
Satan cried,
I'll kill you, Christ,
you and your people.



The demons wheezed.
Satan jeered.
Jesus said,
Go ahead, make my day.
God the Father turned his head,
his tears announcing Christ was dead.
The ten count would proclaim,
the battle's end.
Then Satan trembled through his sweat,
an unexpected roar yet,
as God started to count by saying,
Ten.
Wait a minute, God.
Nine.
You're counting wrong.
Eight.
His eyes were closed.
Seven.
His fingers were twitching.
Six.
Was all his light coming from?
Seven.
He's alive!
I'm alive!
I'm alive!
Oh, my God!




He is.
He is.
That's one!
He is one!
He is alive!
Forevermore.
He is risen.
He is Lord!
He is one!
He is one!
He is alive!
Forevermore.
He is risen.
He is Lord!
He has won!

Forevermore.


He has won!

He has won!


news of the gospel and speaking of the gospel if you have friends that's never heard it you
have two minutes to call them up and tell them to tune in in just a moment you'll hear the dynamic
message in this book you'll find out once and for all the answer to the question can a christian
be even presented
brothers and sisters we had us a phone call here at the station from some some lukewarm christian
who believes that we're taking the lord's name in vain he thinks we're blaspheming here
why that silly fallback
thinks he can he can just call up here and argue the the the points of our true version of
christianity the only true faith say it brother oh yeah well i challenge you brother to call back
at eight two one three four five six if you have some problem with our blaspheming you call back
brother i will go nose to nose with you live on the radio and as it says in ezekiel i will let the
wild ass out of the house

and take the blood of the animals of the whole earth gorge themselves with you i will strew your
flesh in the mountains and fill the valleys with your carcass i will drain the land with
your flowing blood up to the mountains
your choice is simple join us and live in peace
or pursue your predestination
right this is our effort

reflect on the present course and face obliteration
yes brothers and sisters
it's come down to this fisty cuffs of the religious sort yes let's get ready
yes friends right here on our phone line a
on the other side of the world a man not quite satisfied with what we're doing here
We have the saying about our Lord Jesus Christ.
And right here in the studio, the one, the only, millions killed, millions more knocked out,
the Reverend Dr. Cajun Legume.
Here it comes.
Are you ready for the fight to end all fights?
Are you there, brother?
Excuse me?
Are you there, brother?
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Yes.
I believe you have something you'd like to say about Jesus tonight.
Well, Jesus, first of all, plays a very important role in my life.
And let me tell you something.
Jesus is so important to me that I gave my life to Jesus.
What does that mean to you, son?
Doesn't mean a damn thing to me, brother.
Why not?
Why should I care what you do with your life?
You know what?
That attitude doesn't get you anywhere in life.
I'm not a crackpot sitting at home on the radio trying to call up here and give honest, decent preachers a load of crap.
I just don't understand you, brothers, if that's why I can call you.
All right.
I can't take this.
You're playing me live on the radio.
I don't want this.
Oh, what's the matter, brother?
Isn't your faith in Jesus strong enough to keep you going?
It's there.
It's there.
Are you afraid?
Are you one of these Christian apologists who are afraid to tell everybody and defend their Jesus?
Let me tell you something about Jesus.
Don't even do that about Jesus.
I don't even want to say anything negative about Jesus.
What do you know of Jesus, you talking monkey?
Jesus?
Jesus saved me.
To the point where I was down in the dregs of society, hanging out with people like you.
Brother, you couldn't hang around with people like me.
Excuse me?
You couldn't hang around with people like me.
Oh, well, excuse me.
Well, come now.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.

Come on.






Come on.


Tell me what I'm doing here that's so bad.
The blasphemous way you do Jesus, that's what you're doing so bad.
The blasphemous way I do Jesus?
You're doing Jesus right now.
That's right.
I'm doing Jesus right now.
This is incredible.
This is absolutely insane.
No more insane than you and your Jesus.
Your Jesus is just your invisible friend.
You grew up and gave him a name.
Your Jesus isn't the true Jesus.
Hmm.
I'm sorry, friend.
Sorry I can't help you.
I must sign off.
Oh, coward.
Oh, yes.
Oh.
Oh, brothers.
Could you believe the audacity of people who would actually call up here?
Oh, no.
He can't help us.
He cannot help us.
Brother Lagoon, he cannot help us because we help ourselves.
Yes, we do.
With the strength of the Lord, we help ourselves.
We don't need no namby-pamby church to tell us what to do.
We know the Lord.
We fight with the Lord.
We drink with the Lord.
We are the Lord.
Yes, friends.
Right here.
Come in and kiss the feet of God, my friends.
Phone number 821-3456.
This is by doubt, by any definition, by any scoring method, this is an undoubted knockout
of unbelievable intensity.
Yes, the Reverend Dr. Kato Lagoon once again, once again, converting souls, saving the sinners,
saving them from themselves, saving them from us.
Because I don't have to prep with that gun.
But what I know is that the Lord is here to save this world, the world of the dead.




No.
You're my only God.
Yes.



What do you know of the true Jesus, you talking monkey?
Man, I gotta admit, the first time I heard that line I cracked up.
I laughed til I cried.
This goes against your most basic survival instinct.
But it can be done and terminated.





to an advantage. Let the love squirt out of you like a fire hose of molasses. Give him the kiss
of life. Stick your tongue down his throat. Taste what he's been eating and bless his digestion.
Ooze down into his intestines and help him along with his food. Let him know that you
rear his rectum as part of an ineffable whole. Make him understand that you stand and lick it
off his genitals as part of the master plan. Life in all its rich variety. Do not falter.
Let your love enter in unto him and penetrate him with the divine lubricant. Makes KY and Leland
feel like sandpaper. It's the most mucilaginous, the slimiest, ooziest lubricant there ever was or
shall be. Amen. And we've decided to send you this message
today. We're going to be talking about the divine lubricant. And we're going to be talking
Ready for a Sunday Introductions
After the beginning, there's
a blessing that heaven has desired In imagem über alle Fac Sund $%l,
Take what you've started and he's credit, the God's gift month avocado.
And I believe as you listen to this message that it will just bring such an amount of creative, exciting faith into thy being.
Of course, the word entheo, from enthusiasm, entheo means God in you.
Of course, God gets in us by his word.
We were fathered by the sperma of God's word, the seed of God's word.
We became a child of God, born again through this incorruptible seed.
Of course, faith comes by hearing, and really hearing what you've been hearing.
Through his names, his identifiable characteristics.
They really, he had not revealed himself up to this time.
You see, Dr. Lagoon, this is the kind of preaching our friend the caller listens to.
The kind of preaching that makes no sense.
Hey, that's right, brother.
Not even once.
Not during our broadcast.
Are we?
We asked anybody for money.
But I guess that's what makes a true Christian.
His willingness to part with both his mind, his soul, and his money.
Yes.
We will not ask you to part with your money.
But we will not deny it either.
Because thy, who tithe unto the Lord, shall be as though is the Lord.
Jesus has revealed himself to me from under the hem of his mighty raincoat.
Amen, brother.
Amen.
Do we have any?
Do we have any Christians out there in the audience tonight who don't agree with us?
Do we have any of you false Christians out there who think that we're blaspheming because they don't agree with us?
Is there any out there who wish to kill us for our sin?
Hello?
WMUH.
You're speaking with Jesus.
Greater glory.
Glory to God.
Greater is he, speaking of God, that's in you.
Speaking of God who's in you.
He's in you.
He's really in you.
You may not be able to feel him.
Slowly.
Moving.
He's always kind of moving.
Oh, Father, let us pray.
Father Jesus, we pray that you'll speak your word to these lukewarm Christians
who are out there.
They're in the radio audience tonight.
And I'd like you to put a little special anointing upon all the colored people, because they
have a hell of a time.
And I'd like to thank you, God, for guns.
We may protect ourselves from the infidels.
Now, if the Hittites had had firearms, the Bible would have been an entirely different
book.
And we preach that book, that book which never was but should have been.
Oh, yes, brother.




Oh, yes.
I don't know if any of you have ever had a touch of the catapult.
If only the Israelites had been given guns.
If only God and his wisdom had given automatic weapons to the Israelites then instead of now.
If only the Canaanites had nuclear technology.
Oh, yes, brothers.
Oh, yes, sisters.
Oh, it would have been beautiful.
But the Lord had a different plan, a plan of strife, a plan of hardship, a plan of sorrow.
A plan stained red with blood.
The blood of the infidels, the blood of the sinners, the blood of the pious, the blood of the lukewarm, the blood of the homosexuals and the homo sapiens alike.
The monkey boys, yes.
Those who'd walk on all fours.
What is the law?
The law is not to walk on all fours, but yet you would dare.
They're still walking by sight.
And some weird sexual perverseness to get down upon all fours and disgrace our Lord.
What is the law?
Not to endlessly expose the law.
What is the law?
Are we not men?
What is the law?
Where there is Wotan, there also is Bob.
Where there is Wotan, there also is Bob.
Thus, where there is Wotan, there must be Bob.
Don't be sloping, don't be mistoking, cause where there is Wotan, there must be Bob.
Where there is Wotan, there also is Bob.
Where there is Wotan, there also is Bob.
Thus, don't give in to the pink, pursue the green ink.
Where there is Bob, there is slack.
Relax, kick back, and count your cash.
Where there is Wotan, there also is Bob.


Where there is Wotan, there also is Bob.
Where there is Wotan, there also is Bob.
Thus, where there is Wotan, there also are Slobs.
The Pepto-Bismatic Pink Liquid Scheme is making the False Bobbies weak in the knees.
Don't worry, and wait for the fifth of July for the Exes to descend.
We're going to be the last boys.
from the sky.
Where there is Wotan, there also is Frop.
No, no, no, no!
I can't stand it any longer.
No more Wotan.
No more Bob.
It hurts me.
Thus, where there is Wotan, there also is Frop.
Frop as you see it.
Frop for your life.
It's time to start smiting with the smoke of Bob's pipe.
It's linear logic of subgenius jihad.
Cause where there is Wotan, there also is Bob.
Uh, yes, it's so true.
God, that's the most irritating.
John Bartels here has created, I must say,
the most irritating mantra.
Uh, God, what a pure...
...thirsty, hideous...
Thus, where there is Wotan, there also are snobs.
It's time to fight them.
It's time to smite them.
Threaten them with hostile buyouts or simply outprice them.
Leave them shaking like jello in their shoes,
knowing full well that Bob makes the rules.
Uh...
Where there...
Nope, I can't, man.
I can't do that to you again.
I have to wait until they quit doing that.
Ugh.
No...
Nope, nope, nope.
There it's still the...
God, I can't...
It's horrible, isn't it?
Bob!
Ooh!
Man.
New tape from John Bartels there.
Uh, actually, he sent another tape a couple of weeks ago and we lost it.
We lost it!
We found it and then we lost it.
It was...
Oh, it was, uh, amazing.
It should be...
I guess that's all he sent on this thing.
That's a...
Like a six or seven dollar fancy-schmancy cassette.
Well, I can use that for the good works.
The works of...
Of, uh...
That...
What was it we were...
Yes, I have more legal notices in the newspaper.
I've got one from a couple of nurses that are hired and...
An international fam...
Or an industrial family's account.
And I'm entitled and allowed to explain...
The rules of plastic, or like entertainers, plastic.
But I have another one, a story of the Euclid.
Your hippie police department of the 60s is going to receive his sailors, soldier-sailors,
and entertainers' rights, a book of stamps.
These are all inclusive, price of silver, in combination.
His nurse wants to get a picture of him from the inside out.
Wants him to get used to it.
He's entitled to be plastic in case he bleeds or gets hurt.
And scheduled recovery...
Rules of plastic.
It's a very serious subject.
And it was guaranteed they're going to receive it.
Their hippie police department, under preservation of the 60s.
They stole my sailors' stamps.
They're not midget...
Midget rations.
They're a big guy in the chart.
They're going to do it again.
And they did.
Yes, sir.
I'm the man with the legal notice in the paper.
And I have some more.
I'm having trouble with the local clemency police department.
And I have one from Center for Infectious Disease identifying the police department
that poured the cup on me.
Then I have a story about black Irish.
And he's Chinese today.
He's registered related to me.
He's in the sport enthusiast.
I'll let you figure it out yourself.
All the way to Perry.
He had some black sport enthusiast celebrity stamps.
I got problems with some celebrity jigs.
Then I got the brawny lad story.
And filthy in the restaurant again where they're not allowed to serve me.
And I have all the way back to grade school.
And a Catholic school.
I went restoration of the moment.
I'm back in school again.
And a bunch of cops got me a page on a book with their leptovirus holding a book on me.
Page 13 or 17.
And they're in trouble since the 60s from a Catholic school.
And it's.
The man with the legal notice is in the newspaper.
The man with the legal notice is in the newspaper is someone who led a group of people.
And he left messages at a business at which Jesus was working.
I'm talking about the real Jesus.
The one that runs the subgenius factory.
Not the one that the false Christians get so upset about.
But yeah.
Jesus got procured the legal documents guy tape.
Which is.
Oh.
Speak of the devil.
Jesus just walked in.
And he handed me a $10 bill.
You just heard a $10 bill pass the.
That's our weekly income I guess in the church this week.
Huh.
Yeah.
I was.
I just played some legal documents guy.
And I was.
I was.
Yeah.
Next week we'll get to.
The other side of the tape in which our Lord actually converses with the legal documents guy.
Live.
We've been saving that little surprise for you.
And we've also been saving a surprise involving Joe Offrit.
The awful.
Wonderful.
Whatever he is.
The only.
Prophet.
Yes.
Well.
Let's hope.
Not.
So I'm going to play a little.
We're right.
We've almost worked our way over the last.
Since February.
Through the mockery side of Joe's most famous tape.
Mockery and perversion.
We're going to hear just the end of that.
And then a little bit of the.











Little.
Meccano.
Joe.
That I put together myself.
And then.
There's going to be a little.
Surprise.
That we've.
Deliberately been sitting on until you had.
Truly felt that you had your fill.
Of Joe.
Someone.
In.
An.
Delaney.
Someone.
In.
I'm singing someone in the Delaney's.
There was this girl.
Whose last name was Delaney.
That.
I guess.
I don't know.


I grew up with her brother.
From first grade.
To about sixth grade.
And I always had this thing where I wanted to just.
His youngest sister up off the ground against her wishes just to make her miserable.
So she'd throw a temper tantrum.
I'm singing someone in in the Delaney's.
The Delaney.
Someone in.
In the Delaney's.
Someone in.


In the Delaney's.
And who says white people don't have soul.
But I'm trying to beat a class clown.
See back in the sixth grade I was trying to beat a class clown.
So I could make all the chickies.
Laugh real hard and mess their pants so I could get an orgasm from it and go.
And.
And as I made them start laughing.
As they were laughing I'd be chanting.
Go in in the pant.
Go in in the pant.
Go in go in go in go in.
Go in in the cant.
Go in in the cant.
Go in in the cant.
Go in go in go in go in.
Go in in the cant.
I imagined myself being back there in the sixth grade.
But a big mean ugly perverted monster.
One who's big ugly and perverted.
But he gets the sex when he wants it.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Your bodies are no longer sacred ladies.
Ha ha.
Too bad this isn't a video tape.
This is only an audio tape.
Because I could show you stuff like um.
Imitations.
An imitation of a pervert eating mints.
He's trying to get them down his throat.
But his throat is infected with uh.
With the AIDS virus.
Or how about an imitation.
Of a pervert running through the.
A fat sadistic pervert running through the forest in a zigzag motion.
How do I know he's a pervert somebody asked.
Well because he's uh.
He's running through the forest in a zigzag motion.
Chasing a short skinny chick.
Bunny rabbits.
Bunny rabbits.
Raping the bunny rabbits.
You know what bunny rabbits I'm talking about?
The playboy bunny rabbits.
Funny rabbits.
Funny rabbits.

Anyway.
This is the end of the perversion side.
The next side is the mockery side.
Where I make fun of people who deserve to be made fun of.
So enjoy.
Now friends.
Before.
In a in a in a.
In a in a.
In a few.
In a.
After a few minutes I'm gonna get into subgenius 101 complete with the dancing.
Uh.
Girls and studs and the the uh.
Video backdrop and music and so forth.
But um.
But first.
We're gonna stick our necks out.
Uh.
You know there's so many posers in this world.
And so few are the for real weirdos.
You know the ones that.
I mean they ain't faking man.
And uh.
And and we.
We've got.
Something new for you tonight.
A man.
Yes.
A man or perhaps a god.
Or perhaps an animal.
We we we don't even know.
We are shamed.
Before.
This man Joe Offrick.
Um.
We in in some ways.
We are but.
We are but actors in weirdness.
And and in.
And for all I know this may be the only free man.
In this in this.
True.










Truly free man in this whole world.
He may be.
Is he mad man or prophet.
Anyway.
For the last.
While we've been on this tour.
We've been listening to a tape.
A tape that.
That uh.
Our our new uh.
Subgenius sacred agent.
And manager.
Dr.
Jesus devil aqua.
Uh.
Used to sell at his um.
Or at least made available at his his bookstore.
The flying lemur.
Praise the long lost flying lemur.
And um.
He he said.
You guys gotta hear this.
And he puts on a.






He puts on this tape.
We listen to it once.
We listen to it again.
We listen to it again.
And we listen to it again.
And we've been quoting.
This man.
And for better or for worse.
I don't know.
Because Joe Offric.
Who is actually the high priest.
Of the temp.
The order of uh.
Dionysus Sabazio.
Okay.
This man.
Is so for real.
That he was kicked out.
By the church of sight.
All right.
And by.
But but this guy is the for real.
Sightness.
The man.

Of the subgenius.
This guy is the for real.
Black metal.
Uh.
Aficionado.
Or and he's the for real.
Something.
We're not sure what.
He is not a member of the church.
Of the subgenius.
And what he has to say.
He's not gonna talk for long.
His first time to ever been up in front of a crowd.
But uh.
He.
It it it may offend you.
It may cause your corneas of your eyes.
To just peel back.
In horror.
Or it it may just embarrass you.
But uh.
I have a.
Friends.
We have tried throughout the years.
To provide to you.
The quality high weirdness.
You know what I mean.
Uh.
And and and and when we can.
We bring you the real thing.
Like circus apocalypse.
Coming up.
Dr. Lake Neal.
Like I say man.
I feel like a.
A real poser.
Compared to this man.
The great.
Joe Ostrich.
I want you to chant his name.
As he comes on stage.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.

Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe.
Joe Ostrich.


















Next one is the Kindergarten Orgasm Dance.
In the kindergarten I had orgasms.
Back in Kinder I had orgasms.
In Kinder-y, in the Kinder-y,
Back in Kinder I had orgasms.
The next one is a little song I made up that I sang among friends.
I was actually on a radio station once singing it.
It's called Horny with a Chick.
Yeah!
Horny with a chick,
Horny with a chick,
Horn, horny, horny horn,
Horny with a chick,
I'm too sick to get a horny with a chick.
Horny with a chick,
Horny, horny, horny horn,
Horn, horny with a chick
Horny with two chicks,
Horny with two chicks.
The niggas didnt get dawned on me

Horny a horny horny horn, horny with two ticks.
I'm too sick to get horny with two ticks.
Horny with two ticks.
Horny a horny horny horn, horny with two ticks.
Horny when a chick walks by, horny when a chick walks by.
Orly with a chick, orly with a chick, orly, orly, orly, orl.
Orly with a chick.
I'm too sick of it again.
Orly with a chick.
Orly with a pregnant chick on roller skates.
Orly with a pregnant chick on roller skates.
Orly, orly, orly, orl.
Horny, horny, horny horn.
Horny with a chick.
Yes, Joe Offric, friends.
Maybe, as we all know,


as I said in my introduction to him on stage,
he may embarrass, I mean, some people really don't see our fascination with Joe.
But, you know, I'm a crack pathologist, by trade actually,
and, you know, within that realm, Joe is a priceless American.
He really is.
He, horny in my cants.
Sometimes I call him cants instead of pants.
Whew, man. Pretty hardcore. It's a glimpse into the soul, so to speak, of a truly other person.
A person too weird for the Satanists, but not too weird for the Church of the Subgenius, friends.
We were honored to bring Joe to his first public speaking engagement.
And of course, needless to say, one has to wonder if it won't backfire.
Out of all the different people who have performed and preached and so forth in connection with Church of the Subgenius,
would it not be perfect irony for Joe Offrecht to be the one who
got invited on Dave Letterman and went over big time and suddenly had his own show?
And didn't even have to carry his own equipment.
Yes. Yes, and the Lord and I have lately had the intention of starting a band.
We went through several different band names, but the one that we decided on would be Hey Joe.
We have a band called Hey Joe, which would be
primarily, well, we'd only do two types of music.
We'd do Jimi Hendrix songs in Joe Offrecht style, and we'd do Joe songs in Hendrix style.
We are looking for a Hendrix style. Well, actually, we're not.
It would probably be our Hendrix, I suppose.
It's a tough call, but somebody's got to do it.
What else can I share with you here before we go back into the tapes?
I did get this interesting little bit of email here,
which is a list. It's like office graffiti, so to speak.
But it says, here's a list of the names of Japanese cars,
minivans and trucks compiled at an automobile trade show in Tokyo last year by Car and Driver magazines.
And I can't play that music in the background. Oh, forget it.
Anyway, here's the car. Here's.
Names of Japanese cars. All right.
The Mitsubishi Mini Active Urban Sandal.
The Subaru Gravel Express.
The Mazda Bongo Friendy.
The Daihatsu Rugger Field Sports Resin Top.
The Nissan Prairie Joy.
The Mitsubishi Debonair Xceed.
The Suzuki Everyjoy Pop Turbo.
The Mitsubishi Delica Space Gear Cruising Active.
Let's see. Oh, there's a few more here.
The Mazda Proceed Marvy.
The Subaru Sambar Diaz Astana.
The Mitsubishi Tornish.
The Isuzu Mysterious Utility Wizard.
The D-
The D-Diaz Town Cube.
Go for spin in your town cube.
Nissan Big Thumb Harmonized Truck.
The Mazda Scrum.
The Mitsubishi Libero RVR Super Wild Gear.
And the Isuzu Giga 20 Light Dump.
So, I don't know, I think I'd be going for the Mazda Scrum.
You can really do things with a Mazda Scrum.
But in the meantime, let's go back.
Back to KPFA Berkeley and see why Dr. Howell does what he does.
Perhaps some of you might wonder why I delve so frequently into eschatology.
Into the study of the beginnings of all things.
Yeah. What about that?
Well, are you dissatisfied to think of the early times?
One crown, cintilla, Spanish for diamonds.
Oh, it just gets me drunk.
Perhaps you'd be interested in taking my award-winning source in financial accountability and real estate.
Why do you think they call it land anyway? You know?
Because that's where you land on.
And if you follow my course in real estate, you'll land on your feet.
And you'll land on your feet and run.
You'll run with the ball.
You'll run with the ball as you find the right mortgage for you and 23 sources of financing.
You'll be given checklists for evaluating any property that interests you.
But the most important investment principle you'll ever learn from me is the one I've already shared with you.
That the egg came before the chicken.
And that God formed the embryos of all creatures out of an embryo which looked a little bit like you.
Me?
Like you.
An embryo.
I'll sign this.
And I'll refrag.
You, dear friend.
You, the embryo.
The embryo in Bob's knowledge.
You are but a tiny...
You are but Bob's tidbit.
Until you have seen...
His sacred free information from our delightful sounding subgenius ministry free information course.
And all you have to do to qualify for this life changing adventure is to write to Bob.
Yes, just as simple as that.
Write to Bob and say, Bob, send me that free information.
And you can write to Bob at this address.
Post office box 140306.
And 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
75214.
And they're beautiful.
The most beautiful post office box.
That's box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
75214.
There's the Baronix Walkery, one of the most unusual dinosaurs ever discovered.
With its gigantic primary digit, it flips a finny meal up into its crocodile-like jaws.
And that's where your money goes when you write for free information from the Church of the Subgenius.
This is a very dispensable moment here.
And close behind it, crawling over the land, comes...
The Church of the Subgenius.
A giant crab.
A huge crab.
Oh, look at you.
Which has fooled the simple into thinking it is a religion.
Just look at its tiny eyes darting about on stalks while it flicks its gigantic claws.
That is the true Church.
That giant crab is thinking.
Go with the flow.
There he goes, pulling the collar off as he walks sideways.
Ride the snake.
Ride the crab.
Just go with him.
Ride the Church.
I'm sure you'll find out what it's all about.
He will tell you of Bob.
The great crab.

I cut off his wind.
It looked like that, but...
You must admit, this is a very impressive crab.
And if you've got to go some way, you might as well go in an unusual way.
Oh, my God.
Look at that crab.
It kind of reminds me of that old movie, Attack of the Crab Monsters.
Oh, that was a great...
I saw that.
The guy got his hand chopped off.
Some people have lots of them, but this just shows what one big one can do.
One big religious crab would destroy you.
This is a great story.





Oh, gosh, that caller is battling for his very life with this giant crab.
Who says this is a boring program?
Yeah.
How can you forgive you, crab?
Look, he's struggling with the truth of Bob, which has taken the form of a giant crab
for this episode.
Yes, it's Jack Crab, the world's oldest living...
I know Bob the Ox.
...kettlefish.
I mean, cuttlefish.
I mean...
And not for what it was.
You know, shellfish.
Don't be shellfish.
And I know the sub-demuses for what they were.




Oh, you're making him mad now.
Turn that radio show on.
I'm gonna tell you about this sub-demus.
Ah, there, a little calypso crab.
Look at him go around and around.
He's happy.
And so should you be, having escaped that big one.
Yeah, I know.
And you reward the littlest mermaid.
Topless dancing.
Now, I'll tell you why you really can become a millionaire.
Not with a get-rich-quick scheme, but with a simple, sensible, realistic plan for achieving
for the rest of your life.

Let's play Real Estate Corp.










Real estate.
Real estate.
Real estate.
Just get rid of the crabs.
Yes, get rid of the crabs in your life that are pinching your chances for financial forwardness.
That's right.
Don't let them pinch shut your wallet.
The hard shells of those shellfish can easily be cracked, and you can savor the delicious
meat in the joint.
By writing Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas, are you millionaire material?
Perhaps you'll be interested in taking my simple quiz and finding out.
That is the only answer.
You're going to be a millionaire.








Then during the next 12 months, your net worth will increase from $75,000 to $80,000.
I don't have a net worth.
Well, you need a net to catch those megalo crabs by the ocean side.
You will learn at your own pace as you live in our tropical retreat, Dining on Crab and Lobster.
Successful investing and money management will help you because you are a busy adult who already has a job
and can devote only a small amount of time each week to mastering the principles of successful investing.
I've been investing for 123 years in my...
Big what?
Insects.
Well, not exactly.
No, they are a sort of aquatic arthropod.
They're more like spiders than insects, but in any case, they are an aquatic order.
But if it's interest in insect eating that you have, I refer you to page 500 of my award-winning book,
Insect Dining.
Yes.
You will all be eating roach crap by the year 2000.
So you can make that big killing in the stock market.
Yeah.
Just imagine an easy way to increase the value of your estate by $100,000 or more in a single day
with almost no significant change in your current cash position.
But you're wondering how you can do it.
Yeah.
I'm wondering.
I'm wondering how I can get out of this show gracefully.
You know, that's how do you get out of these shows gracefully.
There's not like a little clock countdown.
I can see a cassette as it's sort of see it.
Of course, you know, they build these modern day cassette decks with a dark tinted window.
That makes a whole lot of sense.
You can sort of see inside, but not good enough.
And that's the way, that's the conspiracy design, conspiracy engineering, friends.
You can fight that conspiracy.
By sending Bob your attention at box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Email slack at metronet.com.
Or check our site on the World Wide Web at sunset.unk.edu slash subgenius.
And you'll see things you've never seen before.
Oh.
Oh.
Now you'll discover such a plan.
Which I call Dr. Howell's Successful Investing in Money Management.
It's already taught thousands of eager beaver yuppies how to achieve financial goals.
You'll hear many of their stories.
Perhaps like you, they began with skepticism, but are now well on their way to complete financial happiness and orgasmic pleasure.
They are happy.
So have one of these bourbon and bong water.
Or you can have a hot buttered rum martini like I am.
And pretty soon we're going to go up on the balcony and toast Benito Mussolini in a warm glass of grog.
While all the rest of the little serfs and peons labor down there in the office.
