This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
I'm out of fucking magic!
No trouble.
Get set, get going. Amen.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
Bob?

The message is now.
A part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend...
Reverend Ivan Stang, sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius.
With Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs, living avatar of Slack and saint of silence.
Oh yeah.
Well.
Here's your special message.
The Reverend Ivan Stang and Buck Naked are not here.
But yet I am.
I am the Lord.
Jesus Christ.
And I have taken over the airwaves for Hour of Slack.
Which I believe is 594, but how would I know?
So let's get into it.
Shall we?
So now you've seen both sides.
Is that it?
What do you mean?
Well, you like the feeling of looking like they do in the magazines or some of the girls at school.
But you didn't know there was a price tag with them.
Not really.
That's one thing people just don't talk about much.
You see, the things we say and do are only a couple of the ways we communicate with each other.
The way we dress tells people a lot about us too.
No kidding.
God wasn't making up stories when he said in the Bible that he looks on the inside of a person while man looks on the outside.
It's a fact.
We look at each other.
And make judgments based on what we see.
You wear an outfit like you have on today and for better or worse, you're telling people something about yourself.
But I wanted to tell them that I've grown up.
That I know what's going on.
But you don't know what's going on, Donna.
How could you at your age?
I don't want to looker at doggies, fucker.
This one guy I knew, he asked me to sing the kindergarten orgasm dance song for him when we were talking on the phone.
And I went,
In the kindergarten I had orgasms.
Back in the kinder I had orgasms.
Kinder-y in the kinder-y.
Back in the kinder I had orgasms.
He said, well I gotta go now Joe.
I'll see you later kinder.
No he just, he didn't say Joe.
He said, I gotta go now.
See you later kinder.
See you later kinder.
See you later kinder.

See you later kinder.
See you later kinder.
Alright, it's me, I'm back.
Woah, woah, woah.
Friends, you don't even want to know the hell I've been through trying to get this show together.
It all started at 7 o'clock and it's about midnight now and I finally got all the wires straightened out.
The music picked out and I've got about, oh, a good five minutes of recording.

I've got to hand it to Reverend Stang, I don't know how he does it every week.
In fact, I wanted to dedicate this entire show to Reverend Stang and play all of you some good old Reverend Stang clips, but I can't find anything.
I can't, there's just a stack of tapes and wires and music.
I'll tell ya.
And everyone's got another way to do it.
Everyone tells poor old Reverend Stang, oh, that he's doing it wrong and there's another way to do it.
And sure, when I was putting together this system and I couldn't figure out why the input wires from the 8-track were going to the output wires of the reel-to-reel machine,
I tried to change it and it just didn't work.
So, let that be a reminder to all of you that the sacred scribe's ways may be different than ours, but somehow, by the grace of Bob, they work.
Broken smile.
Broken smile.
I saw her floating just off the carpet and made her mine.
Made her mine.
Go ice, he said now.
Me,查 살.
Man, I wish they'd leave me a bit of bar Pedro behind there or something.
Am I going to get in and help her tie abye?

I could bare이라고 hurt you.

Don't you see, you're too angry.
Yeah, reluctantly.
So you got to catch up with her?
Yeah, but keep it real, remember that that really is finding a way to get out?
Yeah.
I'll be ready, I won't have to hesitate
And I'll be fine upon my own
Well, as I said, I wanted to play some good rants for you,
but I guess you're going to have to be subjected
to whatever I have here in front of me,
get a little bit of insight into my musical tastes.
What have we been listening to?
A little bit of Joe Offric,
a little bit of Hour of Slack No. 1
is what we opened the show with.
That really cool, jazzy hit music in the background
is by the Valentine Six.
Oh, we've got a bunch more to go.
And now I think I've got ten minutes of good stuff.
So groove out on this song, all you slackers.
Some morning, some of these mornings
They'll be calling my name
Calling me to that heavenly plane
And when I see those pearly gates
I'll be ready, I won't have to hesitate
I'll be fine, I'll be fine
Like a bird in the sky
And I'll be fine, I'll be fine
Leaving this world, yes, I'll be saying goodbye
And there is nothing to lose and everything to gain
When they call my name
I'll be ready, I won't have to hesitate
I'll be ready, I won't have to hesitate
When they call my name
When they call my name
I'll be ready, I'll be fine

Mama told me about the sun
Get melanoma from the sun
Mr. Sunshine lights our way
And Danny took my mom away
Uncle Frank took me fishing
He said my mom would be fine
And I said, I'm not gonna be fine


I brought the worms
And she was dead by dinner time
Mama told me about the strangers
I'm never supposed to talk to strangers
Cause strangers mean to little kids
She says they sell them in my dreams
And they don't show up
And then one morning
I joined that young crew





I'm not était
Our sunrises are always delightful


I gonna get our dreams


There ain't anybody on our house
Like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No. No, no, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No, No.
Never tell on your daddy.
He only hates when he's mad.
And when he thinks mama's bad.
Uncle Frank took me fishing.
He said my daddy be fine.
He had to go for a while.
But he'll be back in three to five.
Mama told me about the sun.
Get melanoma from the sun.
Mama told me about the strangers.
Never supposed to talk to strangers.
Mama told me about my daddy.
Never tell on your daddy.
Uncle Frank took me fishing.
He said my daddy be fine.
He had to go for a while.
And when he thinks mama's bad.
Uncle Frank took me fishing.


Mama told me about the sun.
He said my daddy be fine.

Uncle Frank took me fishing.
Mama told me about the sun.
And when he thinks mama's bad.


Uncle Frank took me fishing.
Mama told me about the sun.
He said my daddy be fine.
He said my daddy be fine.



Mama said mama's gonna die.
He called me on their phone.
You also will accept $30 in cigarettes, or really anything, even your goodwill.
So I want to dedicate this next song to them.
I hear the train a-comin'
It's rollin' around the bend
And I ain't seen the sunshine since
I don't know when
I'm stuck in Folsom Prison
And time keeps draggin' on
But that train keeps rollin'
On down to San Antone
When I was just a baby
My mama told me, son
Always be a good boy
Don't ever play with guns
But I shot a man in Reno
Just to watch him die
When I hear that whistle blowin'
I hang my head and cry
I bet there's rich folks eatin'
In a fancy dinin' car
They're probably drinkin' coffee
And smokin' big cigars
Well, I know I had it comin'
I know I can't be free
But those people keep a-movin'
And that's what tortures me
Well, if they freed me from this prison
If that railroad train was mine
I bet I'd move it on a little more
Farther down the line
Far from Folsom Prison
That's where I want to stay
And I'd let that lonesome whistle
Blow my blues away
Look at the cold bottom of them.
Uh-huh.
And look what's going on.
Look what Lauren wanted to give to me.
Uh-huh.
And look what's going on.
She got a great sale and gave to me.
Oh, Tim, you look out.
What's wrong with you, Sam?
You found a suit for Sandy today.
Give me a kiss.
Give me a kiss.
Your teeth hurt.
My feet.
Oh.
Give me a kiss.
Mwah.
That's what I said to Lauren.
Its name is Red.
That's what Lauren did to me.
Red and...
Mah-bogany.
Mah-bogany.
Mah-bogany.
Daddy.
There were these kids at Whataburger
and they were smoking.
They weren't much older than us.
They were like 10 or 11.
And they were sitting there smoking
and then they ran up to these 13-year-old
or 14-year-old or 15-year-old girls
and they started feeling on their legs
and they ran off.
Daddy, look.
God.
Daddy?
Well, Sandy, there's a lot of kids like that.
Well, Sandy, there's a lot of kids like that.
Oh, well, yeah.
I figure I'm going to get in all kinds of trouble
for ruining the setup of this equipment
so I might as well go all the way.
I'm trying to find your rants.
I'm trying to preach the word of Bob
but all I have are these tapes
and it seems like all these tapes I have are
pre-Bob stuff of, uh,
staying and his children.
I'm sure I'll find something related to Bob here.
But, uh, let's play this.
I'm sure this was supposed to never get on the air.
Ha ha ha!
Uh, hello, uh, I want to order a million dollars
worth of pizza, uh, hold the anchovies,
uh, but, but, but only on one condition.
Only if it's delivered by that guy
with that noid on his truck.
I just love that noid guy.
The kids love it, everybody loves it.
Flash! Noid mania is sweeping America by storm!
Calls are pouring in from discriminating pizza customers
demanding a close encounter
with this new outdoor advertising phenomenon.
Join us now for a visual confrontation
with the Noid Man.
The Noid Man!
Trucking through your neighborhood soon.
He turns your delivery vehicle
into a Noid Mobile.
Rocking and rolling all over the competition.
Dial 1-800-NOID-MAN
and your franchise will ascend to pizza heaven
simply because people think your delivery vehicle
is so cool.
Kids love it, grown-ups love it,
thereby increasing driver popularity and morale,
leading to increased penetration, productivity,
and free promotion.
Everyone's talking about it
and word-of-mouth advertising equals pizza frenzy!
Neighborhood Noid Watch Committee being formed now.
Call 1-800-NOID-MAN
and put the Noid on top of your truck.
New day. Thank you.
No, no really, really, really, it's not my fault.
It was in a drawer marked Good Stang Rants.
I swear to you, it's not my fault.
You should label the table.

I'm gonna go to the tapes more closely.
Uh, let's see if I can't find something about Bob.
Another thing, another thing about Bob
that you should probably know.
Old Pipeface ain't gonna die for your sins.
Okay?
You can get that straight right now.
Let's just get that straight up front.
Bob will not die for your sins.
He really does not give a shit.
He doesn't give a shit about your sins.
He doesn't care about your sins.
He is bored with your sins.
If anything, Bob merely comes and comes again and again
to justify your sins,
to rationalize your sins.
Friends, Bob brings not forgiveness,
but an excuse.
Do you really need to be forgiven?
For what and by whom?
Do you really feel that need?
No, you do need an excuse.
And if you don't need it yet,
you're probably gonna need it pretty soon.
So, uh, you just think about it.
We're not gonna do any kind of hard,
so, well, we're not gonna threaten you with,
with tales of some hell if you don't join up
and pay lip service to our invisible monster.
No, we won't threaten you with things like that.
It's just on July 5th, 1998,
all of a sudden, one day you'll wake up
and, well, there'll be an empty pile of clothes
where your spouse, your wife,
that dues-paying subgenius once was laying next to you.
And you'll walk outside,
and you'll have to go to work.
That spouse will be up on the escape vessels.
But we wouldn't want to threaten you
with the fact that your spouse,
once on the escape vessels, could then go,
you know, I've always wanted to show that asshole
a thing or two about Bob.
No, we're not into the vengeance,
the vengeance that comes with our religion.
Oh, no, that, we wouldn't form a religion
just to feel superior to the next,
to everybody else.
No, no, that's what all the other,
I'll tell you what, friends, it's true.
This religion is based on hate.
And in that respect, we're simply the only religion
that'll sit, just come out and admit it.
They are all that way.
We're just up front about it.
We're better than everybody else.
Enough said.
Bob sold it, I smoked it, that settles it.
You know?
All right, well, there we go.
We finally got some of the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And that was Reverend Ivan Stang
at the Rutgers University Divival.
And the good Reverend Stang is out preaching
the word of Bob right now as we speak
in New York, in Cleveland.
So I think this is a good time to tell you
about some shows coming up.
If you are in Texas or can make it to Austin,
you do not want to miss the September 13th
Austin Divival.
For more information on the Austin Divival
and any of the other upcoming Divivals,
you can call the Slack Crusade hotline.
And what is the Slack Crusade hotline number?
Good question.
Let me go find it.
Hold on.
I'm back.
Time control.
Beautiful, prepared subgenius is a dangerous subgenius.
The Slack Crusade hotline.
Get your pencils ready.
216-556-0338.
That's a 24-hour pre-recorded message, free,
except for long-distance charges.
216-556-0338.
Hey!
My turn to give my life away.
Oh, the wealth of meaning that is here.
And all I can stand off and listen to my Lord pray.
He's praying here about himself.
And in a moment, I'm going to hear him pray about you
and about me.
But that moment is not today.
It'll be next time.
And so instead of the hour,
the hour has come.
Well, the moment has come for us to get off the radio.
But we'll be right back here next time.
I can't help that when I stop,
I can't forget one day in my life.
...have any kind of degree for a ministry.
But these ministries are looking for people just like you
who want to make a difference in their world
and in the lives of others.
That sounds too good to be true.
Well, the people at Interchristo must be doing something right.
They've been serving Christians in Christian ministries for years.

They've been doing it for 30 years now.
Doctors in California can talk about medical marijuana
without fear of having their licenses revoked.
A San Francisco federal judge temporarily barred the federal government
from prosecuting doctors who recommend medical marijuana to their patients.
And whither I go, ye know,
and the way ye know.
Thomas saith unto him,
Lord, we know not whither thou goest,
and how can we know the way?
Jesus saith unto him,
I am the way, the truth, and the life.
The number you can call from...
Quite a boy you got there, Rob.
Yeah.
You really seem like an old chip off the old block tonight, eh?
Then I tell everybody going in,
Say, I'm having a party and need some booze.
I don't s'pose you'd get some for me.
Pretty soon somebody says,
Sure thing. Know how it is.
I was young once too, myself.
Woo-wee!
You sure got a system.
Hey, there's John.
Hey, John! Come on over.
Have a little snort before you have to face Miss Peters in the American Civil War.
Well, well, what have we here? The local beer fest?
Oops, sorry, Cary Nation.
I thought you were somebody else.
Funny, Mike. Very funny.
Surfing USA.
This is my commandment.
That ye love one another.
As I have loved you.
This is Pastor Gad of the Trueway Evangelistic Church, 3415 South Polk.
And the move goes on.
In spite of my mother's relief that it was alcohol instead of drugs,
Mr. Thompson was right again.
I was a drug addict.
Listen to us. I'm sure you'll be amazed.
Big fun to be had by everyone.
It's up to you. Sure they can be done.
He shall glorify me, for he shall receive of mine, and shall show it unto you.
All things that the Father hath are mine.
Therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall show it unto you.
Within three months of his salvation, Dan is completely drug free.
Today, this father of four is a radiant witness to the saving power of Christ.
Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name.
Ask, and ye shall receive.
That your joy may be full.
These things have I spoken unto you in Proverbs.
But the time cometh when I shall no more speak unto you in Proverbs,
but I shall show you plainly of the Father.
Ringing now, sir.
Thank you very much.
Hello?
Ellen? Is that you?
Danny? For heaven's sake, where are you?
Here. Right here.
Where's that, Danny? Where are you?
Right here. In this phone booth.
I know, Danny, but where's the phone booth?
You give up, then?
Yeah, I give up. Now, where are you?
School.
Out by the field again?
Yep.
Okay, I'll be there. You wait for me. Do you understand?
Yep.
Father, I will that they also whom thou hast given me be with me where I am,
that they may behold my glory which thou hast given me,
for thou lovest me before the foundation of the world.
O righteous Father, the world hath not known thee, but I have known thee.
Danny, get away from the tracks!
You big bully train, just because you're bigger!
Hey, that kid's right on the track!
Danny! Danny! Danny!
Danny!
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you? Then you may be on the right track!
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes! Your time shall triumph!
Now, at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it. The only faith that promises...
Action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Bring your weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand erect for your own abnormality!
Bob is a way of life to millions.
Yet half of them don't even know.
He's the one true living slack master
with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to success.
He's luck.
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
Yes, fear the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge.
And coming right back.
Plus, to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy-implanted personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity that will fool normals and get you sex.
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!

Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!




Oh, Bob!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
Bob Holmes!
So glad to be back on the air in Dallas.
You know, because it's about time that this city got the word of Bob.
Oh, yeah.
These are the end times, friends.
And, yes, that was Reverend Ivan Stang and Pastor Buck Naked from Hour of Slack number one.
594 tapes ago.
Amazing.
We also heard some radio outtakes made by me.
And earlier we heard the Hentai Santas, a great subgenius band performing Melanoma.
I would give you their address, but I just wrote them and the letter came back.
Welcome to side two of the most painful hour of my entire existence.
This is the Lord Jesus Christ.
I was surprised.
Wow.
That last half hour was tough.
I was in the middle of a story and the tape just ended.
And I was so glad to hear that click.
Oh, I can't wait to hear the next one.
I can't even imagine.
There is no slack for the slack fool.
Friends, I erased my Joe Opryk tape.
It's true.
And because I erased it, I feel that I should play for you the song that I erased it with.
It has absolutely nothing to do with the Church of the Subgenius or Bob, but it is a great
piece of bull dada.
This is a remake.
of a song that was very popular here in Dallas, Texas,
and was probably very popular wherever you were,
called The Macarena.
The Macarena
The Macarena
The Macarena
The Macarena
Macarena
Macarena

Macarena
Well,
that was an amazing podcast.
that was an amazing podcast.
That was it. Pretty exciting, huh?
Wow.
Now I know what you're saying.
You're saying, Jesus, you're back.
You gotta have a message for us.
Well, I really don't have much to say, but here's a tip.
Never trust a man named Bob.
If your name happens to be Bob, you know exactly what I'm talking about.
You just have to trust the Lord, and it's very hard to do that.
It is. When you're getting beat up, it's very hard to do that.
But?
There are things that I know now that I didn't know before.
Like what? What have you learned this week?
There's things the devil told me that were not true.
When I read the Word, I took them literally, too literally.
Sometimes they meant to be strictly for the people.
And so he just kind of twisted things around?
He made one sentence and twisted it around.
He twisted it and made me believe it.
Linda's voice and mine, Linda's voice and mine, stay with me.
Linda, there's also been a severe warning about the occult, about the New Age, Eastern religion.
No, no, you mustn't do that.
You mustn't do what?
It mustn't have anything to do with that.
That's right.
Very dangerous.
But you got into these things, and you thought you were doing the right thing.
This is the way of the world. The way of the world is deceit.
The devil deceives.
The evil spirit can bring beautiful things and beautiful experiences.
That's right.
And the spirit will come into you through these beautiful experiences.
Now, I think people need to understand this almost staccato way in which you're speaking right now.
The spirit is fighting. He's trying to get you not to say these things.
He's trying to take control of your mind right now.
We're down to this final battle right now, and he is doing everything he can to keep hanging on to things.
And as a result, it's very difficult for you to keep your consciousness and to keep your articulation.
This is a real fight.
He doesn't want me to say these things.
No, he doesn't. He doesn't want you to say these things.
Wow. Pretty deep. Thanks, Bob.
Normal people have to stay far away from subgeniuses because the wobble in the subgenius mind will poison the normal and all other normals the victim comes in contact with.
Scholars and scientists all agree with this.
The book of the subgenius says all who follow Bob will live forever.
This means all normals are under the curse of immensely painful death.
All normality must be cleansed from the face of the earth.
This is the valuable teachings of J.R. Bob Doss.
For his teachings alone bring slack.
Amen. Praise Bob.
It seems their kind will never evolve to the function of the universal order.
Therefore, they must be terminated.
The cowboy days, the psycho pathfinder, and scabby days have set out to find out if the reverend Stang is fully conscious.

Or is being coerced by the Republicans.
They took a look at the DNA building of the sea near the government political mutation factory and discovered a room full of Stang clones.
He's a great man.
Yes, brethren. To the normals, sex is a sin.
Something to fear and a means to control their fellow pinks.
Oh, they can't have too much of that sex stuff going around.
People might start enjoying themselves.
And then they might forget all about those million and one little sins they've been taught to worry about.
And then they might decide not to listen to those sick idiots who preach about sin, sin, sin.
And then those mere human sin and guilt preachers would be out of good paying jobs.
Well, I don't get paid to bring you the word.
I've heard of Bob, friends.
And I'm telling you that sex is all right.
Yee-haw!
Bob wants you to enter a subgenius short duration marriage with a prairie squid and get, I said, get down.
Yee-haw!
The normals.
The normals are taught in what they are pleased to call their holy scripture.
That the lust for money is the root of all evil.
The lust for money is the root of all evil.
And yet you walk into one of their churches and what's sure to happen?
That's right, brethren.
They're going to ask you for money.
Pink churches are the greatest property owners in the world.
They're tax exempt.
And make billions upon billions of dollars a year.
Yet they preach that lust for money is the root of all evil.
The conspiracy's strategy of keeping the dull normals trapped in a double paradox of sin and hypocrisy over sex and money makes them easy to control through guilt.
Hell, they'll even try to make you feel guilty about being smart enough to see through their game.
They're forever adding two and two and getting five.
But they think that's the right answer, even though all of their works ultimately come to naught.
Even though the real answer is literally blowing pipe smoke in their very nostrils.
Verily, they have noses, yet refuse to smell.
And that's the real sin of the pinks, my brethren in Bob.
Willful, willing, ignorance, and stupidity.
And that, brethren, is a sin in the eyes of Bob.
And as far as I'm concerned, that makes it the only sin worth listing as a sin.
Do it. Do it. Do it.
Just as a bitchamentos away!
Happy new year ...
Oh don't make fun of Bob's comedy.
God save you.
Innovative.
Overаль гван rear ш locate
That's not
as I thought.
Thank you, Bob.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.

Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Very badly.
You can't deny your feelings.
Control is not the real answer to the truth of reality.
Never comes a world where love is sweet.
I'm sorry.
I didn't eliminate all of you.
The knowledge that wasские me back then.
It didn't have a sign to disimage the size of reality.
If a man cannot put his amnestical
These questions led me back,
Where I can gosp firmly.
I was a man until now.
This is Bill T. Miller from OBE and Kings of Feedback,
and you're listening to the Hour of Slack.
Slack off! Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack!
Yes, indeed.
That was Bill T. Miller,
the King of Slack,
with a rare recording of
Ginyadina, or You Rang, the backwards mix.
That was very beautiful.
And before that, we listened to a little bit of
Nolan Void ranting there.
Let me give you OBE and Bill T. Miller's address here.
Bill T. Miller can be reached at
Box 221, Boston, M, 02123.
That's Box 221, Boston,
M, 02123.
Or you can call him at
1-617-LICK-O-B-E.
All right.
I've kind of been slacking off on what we've been listening to,
and I can't remember, so I hope you're enjoying it.
Yes, this is the Lord Jesus Christ
with my first and hopefully last
Hour of Slack.
5, 4, 3, 2, 1, fire!
.
.

.
.


Teenage drinking has become very widespread today,
and even younger children are frequently involved.
Maybe it'd be a good idea for us to go over the danger signals,
signs that alcohol is destroying your life.
All right. Here's the list.
And those people do not do the drug because of those consequences.
If there were no consequences,
I think that quite a higher percentage of people
People would be using it.
I doubt that.
I'll tell you what.
I would not be using angel dust if it were legal.
I've got to tell you right now.
Jesus answered him,
If I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil.
But if well, why smitest thou me?
She was something else.
She was.
Now she's gone again.
Marry.
She's got herself carried off by somebody new.
Crucify him.
Crucify him.
Pilate saith unto them,
No, no, don't crucify him.
Don't crucify him.
And saith unto Jesus,
But Jesus gave him no answer.
Now let us have a little talk with Jesus.
Let us tell him all about our trust.
He will hear our greatest cry.
And he will answer my cry.
Now we need to hear.
In a little prayer we'll turn.
Then I'll know the little fire is burned.
You will find.
Finally.
We'll talk with Jesus.
Make some noise.
Pilate answered,
What I have written, I have written.
Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus,
took his garments and made four parts to every soldier a part,
and also his coat.
Now the coat was without seam,
woven from the top throughout.
They said therefore among themselves,
Let us not rend it, but cast lots for it,
whose it shall be.
That the scripture might be fulfilled, which saith,
They said,
They parted my raiment among them, and for my vesture they did cast lots.
Oh?
Yes, you know, we already have thousands of boys and girls that have signed up for adventures lessons.
That's true.
The adventures are packed with stories and fun things to do.
And if you sign up for these great lessons, you'll also receive the first cassette in your Story Hour's Life of Jesus series.
We will find a little talk with Jesus who makes it right.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.

Oh, yeah.
You'll find a little talk with Jesus makes it right.
And now, let's get back to more slut.
What we like to do is pull the wool over our own eyes, dear friends.
And I like to do that.



think you know what that means. You know, every time you turn on the television or the radio,
somebody's trying to trick you into buying some useless shit. Well, trick your, look, as Bob said,
sure, you're getting screwed every day, but you can learn to enjoy it. Some ways are fun.
You know, so if you're gonna, if you're gonna, if you're getting ripped off anyway, why not let Bob
do it, man? Uh, but it's true. We are selling something for nothing. I mean, we really are.
We really are selling something for nothing because, you know, what are, what, what, what is
money, for instance? Well, sure, it can buy you, uh, everything you want, just about, including
happiness, I guess. But, you know, there's some things that are more palpable than the money or
the fancy cars. You know, if you ask me, I'm not gonna tell you. I'm not gonna tell you. I'm not
gonna tell you. I'm not gonna tell you. I'm not gonna tell you. I'm not gonna tell you. I'm not
Elvis or Marilyn Monroe or Marilyn Manson. They'll all say, yeah, that, or Hendrix. They'll go,
yeah, that rings holla after a while. I, I, you know, Kurt Cobain, you know.
And, as a matter of fact, you know, you come to think of it, they've got kind of a,
they had a sort of a series going there. There was Jimmy, Janice, Jim, John,
Gigi,
And then they got to the Ks.
So who's next?
Jayner is saved.
We have to do something to stop this Trevino thing.
I have a grudge against Trevino.
People are trying to say that I'm crazy.
But the kind of things that Trevino is doing internationally,
people's rights in Central America are being oppressed by Trevino.
And then people come up to me and say, I'm crazy,
trying to speak out against Trevinoism.
Well, is there any church of the sub-Trevinas?
Not that you're familiar with.
I mean, it's all over the place.
This is part of the conspiracy.
Yeah, I mean, it's all Trevino undercover stuff.
I see.
I think Trevino is underneath it all, if you look close enough.
And we just...
You know, I've been...
I just felt like it was time that somebody spoke out against this.
Well, you mentioned the Central America issue,
and this was another question someone had mentioned to be sure to ask you about.
And that was the number of people you've killed.
Well, I don't...
I might have to take the sixth on that.
Oh, okay, because this is...
Yeah, someone might record this.
That's right.
But I'm trying to...
You know, I don't know how many people I'm going to have to kill
to prove that I'm not insane.
I'm more sane than Charles Manson and Son of...
Sam both put together.
You know, people try to...
You know, I went to a psychologist in Little Rock,
and he tried to say that I was hysterical.
Me, hysterical.
That I do feel like I've got an apartment complex
and delusions of adequacy.
Now, you're from Little Rock, Arkansas.
Yeah, that's right.
Mm-hmm.
This is...
There's also a pretty...
There's been a pretty high level of audience self-mutilation
just about through this entire tour.
We've been...
You know, we've been trying to get the teenage suicide
and the audience mutilation levels up
to what they were back in 84.
In the heyday.
When the whole Jader thing was really big.
Mm-hmm.
But...
Thank you, Bob.
For cleansing my memory.
Thank you, Bob.
For helping me see.
And, Bob, I'll follow you always.
That's right, Bob.
Until that next day.
Thank you, Bob.
For sending them pills.
Thank you, Bob.
For finding me willing.
Teenage girls.
Thank you, Bob.
I'll follow you always.
That's right, Bob.
Until that next day.
Thank you.
planning in advance
By Ken Sarge




co-producer





Vibe




Original
悬
Mixed sound
Lyrics
Post- etwa
Voice acting
I just discovered I've been a little dumb and I'm sorry
I'm not too crazy about the whole idea
I can't remember a big day before
But remember, the end of the world may be much worse
And take much longer than you thought
The mere act of sitting in your home watching everything fall apart on TV
May be too much for even the stoutest brains to take
In fact, the more alert and intelligent you are
The quicker you'll likely be driven to suicide
By the sheer hideousness
Of what you'll be doing
You'll be seeing
Will you be ready?
Will you still be sane enough to laugh
When that which must come to pass
Comes to pass?
Will you ever get slack?
Break out of that glass box
And join the Church of the Subgenius
In a country where freedom of religion is guaranteed by the Constitution
Anything is likely to develop
Enter the Church of the Subgenius
Billing itself as the weirdest cult on Earth
What do they believe in?
Everything
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob
Bob is the culmination of that to which man has aspired throughout his long and slackless
history
Bob is what will bring slack to planet Earth
And to you, young man
Bob founded the Church mainly to help unmask the conspiracy
We're talking about the conspiracy
What next?
Just believe in the power of the dogs
I believe
Believe in Bob and the Subgenius
Believe
Reach out for him
I'm reaching
Feel the healing power
See, there you go
See, now, do you remember anything?
Does it hurt?
No
See, no problem
No problem with Bob, right?
Yeah!
Right!
Yeah!
Basically, two factions out there right now is us and them
Friend, have you ever heard the expression, there's no slack in this world?
A lot of people have to ask me what slack is
And that's sad, mister
They were born with slack
Oh yeah!
You were born with slack
But the conspiracy took it away
The conspiracy made you want to be normal
That's what the conspiracy is all about
And the conspiracy is a patchwork of different things
Some are nations, some are products, some are hypnotic television shows
Some are bad pills
You'll find this if you find Bob!
And you better find Bob right now!
Yeah!
And no one has ever met Bob
The leader of our church, no one has ever met
Because as you know, all cults, their leaders are usually pretty hard to find
And Bob is no exception
Bob will help you dig your own weirdness
I was getting messages in the back of my brain
And I just kept hearing the word Bob, Bob, Bobby, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
They said your mind is in this jar and then they poured it down the sink
Subgeniuses are the class of people who can't be normal
And they're not the class of people who can be classified
Bob has taken winos on the street and turned them into millionaires overnight
By the same token, he has taken millionaires and given them the slack they always needed all along as winos
Oh yeah
Friends, friends and prayer partners
This is the Lord Jesus and you're listening to the Hour of Slack
For more information on the church of the subgeniuses,
Send a self-addressed stamped envelope to
P.O. Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214
That's P.O. Box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214
Well friends, yes, we're coming close to the end of another episode of the Hour of Slack
You've been listening to the Hour of Slack number one with Reverend Buck Naked and Reverend Ivan Stang
Who did really one heck of a job for their first show
I hope you're enjoying my first show
And before that, we heard one of Buck Naked's songs, Thank You Bob
And you know what? I'd like to take this moment to thank you, Bob
For giving me all the slack that one man could really ask for
Keep those prayers and donations coming
And here's a song that we played once before
But it's so beautiful I need to play it one more time
Listen closely to the words, friends
All right, man
I pay another man to do my taxes
On account of that's another deduction I can take
The postman brought my W-2 this morning
And this year they're gonna take about one hundred thousand dollars
And I'm gonna pay about one third of all I make
I'm just as patriotic as the next guy
And you know I love that red, white, and blue
And I'm gonna help pay this rising cost of freedom
But there's no way I'm gonna change my point of view
Cause every time them bureaucrats run out of money
Congress sucks into the working hand
I don't think it's one bit funny
When it takes so much of my money
To do things with it, I don't understand
I don't understand
I don't know why they think they have to squeeze us
But I'll tell you just exactly where I stand
I believe if ten percent is good enough for Jesus
It ought to be enough for Uncle Sam
We have a house to build
That's P.O. Box 140306
Dial this section 752-14385
