Okay, and I'm talking and talking and in normal voice and I can be heard and everything is
Recording everything's going fine. No trouble
Recording everything's going fine. No trouble
That was from negative land, wasn't it?
Test test test. These are the times that test
subgenius souls
And
The subgenius
radio ministry
hour of slack
Commences once again live from the wisteria caffeine is cafe
At 16 X day
July 6
We were hoping
There wouldn't be a July 6th
but
But there is and we're stuck with it
Yes, here we are the music in the background
Today will be the flying Ryan brothers if music be the food of love play on I
Wish I could get the flying Ryan brothers out here, but they're apparently a recording studio type band. Alas it is so
And this hour of slack we're going to turn into an ask dr. How show back in the day you had to look something up in the encyclopedia and then back in the other day you had to Google it or wiki it but now you can ask dr. How the amazing ask dr. How show




If he doesn't know the answer you'll never guess that that was the case
so I
Don't know whether you ought to build it up like that
So friend now pay attention kids. This is your one chance to ask dr. How now traditionally we have
passed out pieces of paper and pens to write your questions on oh
and baby bear the lovely
hostess baby bear is preparing the the little slips of paper and
The pens which we will loan out because we're so generous
Here at the hour of slack and
Asked dr. How it does require some basic orthographic skills
The ability to write a single sentence. I suppose we will collect them. Yes, we will collect them and you know
Reverend suds knows how to do it right because he enclosed a
Stipe pen you didn't tell them about that. Well, let's let's pile them up
Actually, if you're going to be the chicken John you he can give you the questions
You can arrange them and ask them to me in the order which you choose
Well, if I don't even know if we're doing that part of it right now, we have all sorts of things to do
No, let's go. Let's go ahead and whip it out. Here's it. This one should be fun
You know, like I said friends you you don't have to include a donation
to the
Dr. Howell foundation, but if you do you'll probably get a longer and livelier answer and
If it's bullshit, it will be the cream of the bullshit or a bardic eruption. Remember that. Oh, that's right
Yeah, dr. Howe. I forgot about the poem
but this this one might
do from
Reverend suds Pasha asked
Dr. Howell, would you please recite your favorite Lovecraft quote?
Well, that's a strange one
Because Lovecraft is best appreciated as a gestalt. It's my microphone on yeah
yes as the sum total of
the so-called mythos of Lovecraft and as a poet
But it's well known that Lovecraft was not that good but nobody
Eternally craps out and Lovecraft did write a few good lines
I have whirled with the earth at the dawning when the sky was a vaporous flame
I have seen the dark universe yawning where the black planets roll without aim where they roll in their horror
unheeded without number or luster or name
Wow right off the top of his head folks
What is under that mystic cap that of course is from Lovecraft's book of poems entitled fungi from yagov
Yes, we present them to me and then I will good they should have have money. It's good when they do have money
This is one that has money
Yeah, so we did this one
ladies and gentlemen, we're here to answer your questions and we
Promise to provide an answer whatever else happens one way or the other. Here's a question. Very good
Dr. Howell who sang?
Mr. Big stuff
It's the title of a song I guess
Who sang Mr. Big stuff?
Who sang Mr. Big stuff?
Oh yeah
Who?
Mr. Big stuff
Who do you think you are?
Mr. Big stuff
You're never gonna get my love
Now because you wear all those fancy clothes
Oh yeah
And have a big fine car
Oh yes you do now
Do you think I'm a fool?


I can't afford to give you my love
Oh yeah
You think you're higher than every star above
Mr. Big stuff
Who do you think you are?
Mr. Big stuff
You're never gonna get my love
I believe that was that old Twalwamti Bigasaw hit
Mr. Big stuff
It has nothing to do with Burt I. Gordon who was known to his fans as Mr. Big
His initials B.I.G.
The maker of horrible monster movies
Actually had a large and enduring fan club
And even published a fanzine about Mr. Big and his terrible monster movies
But Mr. Big stuff was just an effusion of the songwriter's art
Like the nameless narrator of Tennessee Ernie Ford's song
Or the rarer flip side of Tennessee Ernie Ford's 16 tons
You don't have to be a baby to cry
Well amazing
Simply amazing
Now here's another question
This one could be pretty heavy
This one comes from Reverend Glitch
Who I think misspelled his own name on this
He's trying to be tricky
But I think he's trying to be funny


But we'll attempt to accommodate him
Can there be a moral law without a moral law giver?
The question is can there be a moral law without a moral law giver?
Ask Dr. Zayas
And yes well Dr. Zayas is well on the side of one of the two opinions one may have
This depends on your view of the universe
And within that of who is in charge
If there is a world of perfection
As Plato theorized
In which everything is existing eternally in its ideal form
This is the external outer universal moral law
It's curious to think that everybody complains when things aren't fair
But things are always not fair
When then and where do we get the concept of things being fair?
We are appealing to an external source of morality at this time
We're appealing to a system of good or evil whether or not it exists
And perhaps our wishes can in some way make it so
Otherwise laws of morality have to be fair

And we have to be tied to nebulous biological and evolutionary imperatives
Which often do the individual no good at all
As Nenslow said fair is a river in Africa
And as my little sister said fair is where you take your pig and hope you win a prize
You see if there is some sort of almighty pantheon of gods
Or an almighty spirit
These are the arbiters and rule makers
But without them we have to come up not only with the rules
But with the gods and spirits themselves
Which has been our labor as subgeniuses for the past 25 years
It's been longer than that
Well it's true
And of course we also have to factor in the subgenius war on God
Wow
Great thanks baby dear

We have I think enough to keep this thing running now for a while
This attraction such as it is only lasts as long as the questions that you provide
But there are many dockets there are many things on the agenda today
Oh the one with money gets answered first
Yes
Sure thank you
Please give any additional question you may have to baby bear
This is your chance to give her one of those things
Now here's a question
It was rolled up in a dollar bill
That's what we like
Very good yes
How does one find a proper mate who is also a proper yeti
From one who has neither or neither
That's an age old question
The writer does not have a proper mate or a proper yeti
But he wants a mate who is a proper yeti
He or she that could be
Yes
That could be from a girl
It could be
It could be from a girl wanting an unreconstructed Sasquatch for a mate
And there are many women who do desire such a person
Let me point out that your chance of finding one here is greater than anywhere else
The Sasquatches don't just roam the woods at X day
But they march out boldly for everyone to see
But it's up to you to make the move
And sadly this is always the case
Not only in interpersonal relations but in art itself
If you don't give a little bit of yourself to what you're trying to enjoy
You will never find out whether there is any enjoyment there
You have to have a little bit of faith and take a plunge for a little bit
And it may be too shallow
You may want to turn around
And not take that particular path
Still you have to do it
Otherwise you are left to wring your hands in impotent despair
And write notes to question and answer sessions
Here's a good question and answer session note with a $20 bill
$20?
Yes
Okay, alright
Well there's going to be a poem
But let's see how we can answer the question
The question is
Is the United States experiencing a decline similar to Republican Rome?
If so, who is our Cato?
And check out the handwriting on this
It's Reverend Freaker's handwriting
What lovely writing from Dr. Jitney Freaker
Well, the question is
Is the United States experiencing a decline similar to Republican Rome?
And if so, who is our Cato?
Well, he's referring to Rome
To Cato the Censor
A prominent politician of Imperial Rome
Who constantly railed against the decline of morals and manners as he saw it
Of course to him it was a decline of military virtues
Romans thought that politics was the highest and noblest art
And that to excel in military skills was the only real kind of success
That worked a lot better than the military skills that were used in the war
A long time for them
But since their entire empire was also built on the institution of slavery
It was doomed to fail
Particularly when a weird oriental cult called Christianity
Began to work its insidiousness
And caused them to doubt the stability of their ancient institutions and laws
Not that they were perfect by any means on the other hand
But who would our Cato be?
Probably someone like Senator Bernie Sanders
Or even Barney Frank
Who is not afraid just to sit there and bloviate
And to make serious and solid criticisms
Which glare in their obviousness
But all are too timid to mention
And thanks for $20, that's really good
And so I will now
One problem I have is
I never can remember what I've done before
So please forgive me if I did this on a previous X-Day
I will do a poem now by Tennessee Williams
How tranquilly the olive branch
Observes the sky began to blanch
Without a cry, without a prayer
With no betrayal
Of despair
Sometime when light obscures the tree
The zenith of that life must be
Past, done, forever
And from thence a second history will commence
A chronicle no longer gold
Of bargaining with mist and mold
And finally the broken stem
The plummeting to earth
And then an intercourse
Not well designed
For beings of a golden kind
Whose native green must arch above
The earth's obscene, corrupting love
And still the ripe fruit and the branch
Observe the sky began to blanch
Without a cry, without a prayer
With no betrayal of despair
Oh courage
Could you not as well find out
Some other place to dwell
Not only in that golden tree
But in the frightened heart of me
Ooh la la
Well that was twenty dollars worth
Thank you for your question
Here's another twenty dollar question
Oh boy oh boy
I don't know whether this one will be a challenge
Or just too easy
Well you leave that up to me
I'll be it, do it
And by the way we've got enough here to last about two hours
Well I was afraid of that
Collecting questions and answers are closed
And Baby Bear is officially relieved of duty
What do you have there?
Has anyone really been far
Even as decided to use
Even Go want to do look more like?
Yes!
Something about that makes me think of Quasar
Well that would be far
Let's review this
The question is
Has anyone really been far
Even as decided to use
Even Go want to do look more like?
This is actually a description of the universe itself
And its labor
The universe is active
Engaged in a project
A project which takes forever and ever to accomplish
But in its grandiosity and patience
It is betting that it will complete this process
And I believe that it will
I have to
Because it, not I, am in charge
Now what is this process?
It's been forever
And it has decided to use it
And even
Go
To want to do look more like itself
If you can view the universe as a shape
For example
A shape in space
Which we can do for practical purposes
Or illustrative purposes
Consider the universe to be shaped like a bean
Or perhaps a sausage
At least an oblong
Maybe a pillow like a bolster
This bolster is laboring on a special project
And that is to
Because it wants to do look more like
What it wants to do
Essentially, if you can visualize this
Is to extend a pseudopod or tentacle
That has something like an eyeball on the end
With this it can turn back
And regard itself
Thus it will complete the ancient task
Of creating consciousness
By being able to view and know itself
This was also the quest for the universe itself
The quest of Socrates
And has always been the quest of sages
From the beginning of time
It's always been there
But it has never to date been fulfilled
You know, I've heard you describe the universe that way before
And I may have mentioned to you that
I had a pretty visceral understanding of that
One time on a too powerful LSD trip
Yeah, that's the kind of
You'll get that
Yeah, that's the typical
I saw that
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, anyway
It's a
Those who know don't say and those who say don't know
Hey, that's a 20 buck one
I'm trying to think of a short type poem
Oh, right
I can do
But I mostly know long ones
But I know some short ones
Here's a moderately
You can do a knock knock joke
That's short
I don't know any knock knock jokes unfortunately
I'm actually not good at jokes
I'm good at telling jokes
There are times when I know a joke and I remember it
Then I can tell it
But usually like water through a sieve
It flows away from my head
Ah, well, other people can tell jokes more skillfully
I'm going to say a poem
Once again, I hope I didn't do it before
But I probably did sometime
The Insect God
Oh, what has become of melecent frastling?
Is there any hope she is still alive?
Why haven't they found her?
It's rather ghastly to think that the child was not yet five
The dear little thing was last seen playing
Alone by herself at the edge of the park
There was no one nearby to keep her from straying
Off in the shadows and oncoming dark
Before she could do so
A silent and glittering black motorbike
Pulled her up where she sat nibbling grass
From inside came a nearly inaudible twittering
A tiny green face peered out through the glass
She was ready to flee but the figure beckoned
An arm with two elbows held out a tin of cinnamon balls
She paused a second, reached out as she took one
And lifted her in
The nurse was discovered collapsed
In some shrubbery
But her reappearance was not much use
Her eyes were askew, her extremities rubbery
Her clothing was stained with a brownish juice
When questioned with hopes of her answers revealing what had happened
She merely repeatedly said
I hear them crawling about on the ceiling
She had gone irretrievably out of her head
Oh, feelings of horror, resentment and pity
For things that so seldom
Turn out for the best
The car, unobserved, sped away from the city
While the last of the light died out in the west
The Frastleys felt sick with apprehension
Which a heavy tea only served to increase
Though they thought it hardly genteel
To mention the loss of their child
They called in the police
Through unvisited hamlets the car went creeping
With headlamps unlit and the curtains dry
The police were drawn
Those natives who happened not to be sleeping
Heard it pass and lay awake until dawn
The police with their flashlights and notebooks
Descended on the haunts of the underworld
Searching for clues
In spite of their praiseworthy efforts
They ended with nothing at all in the way of news
The car, after hours and hours of travel
Came to a gate in an endless wall
It rolled up the drive and stopped on the gravel
At the foot of a vast and crumbling hall
As evening wore on, hopes started to languish
And soon were replaced with all manner of fears
The family twisted their fingers in anguish
And got them all damp with the flow of their tears
They removed the child to the ballroom
Whose hangings and mirrors were streaked
With a luminous slime
They leapt through the air with buzzings and twangings
To work themselves up to a ritual crime
They stunned her and stripped off her garments
And, lastly, they stuffed her inside a kind of pod
And thus it was that Millicent Frastley
Was sacrificed
To the Insect God
Yow!
Jeepers!
Okay, let's keep it moving
We've got quite a lot to do here
Yes, we do
Well, that's the last of the $20 questions
Okay, all right
We were doing the, the, uh
All right, let's deal with the small fry
Where can I get more microbead condensers
For my interocitor?
Asks Reverend Fox
Well, I'm afraid the company that, uh, used to be called, uh,
To offer them is no longer in service
You could try the internet
But people are unwilling to give up these things
Not everything is available on the internet
But, uh, Metaluna Products, uh, went out of business, uh, many years ago
Uh, their, uh, their planet, uh, became a star, you know
It was heated when it was attacked by flame-bearing, uh, meteor ships
From the planet Zagon
A planet which was once a comet
Oh, hygge!
Uh, here's another, uh, $1 question
$1!
Who would win in a fight?
Mixelplik or Modok?
M-O-D-O-K
Uh, who would win in a fight?
Uh, Mixesplitlik
I think that's how you say it
Or Modok
Mixesplitlik
Mixesplitlik
As all people know

As every schoolboy knows
Uh, Mr. Mixesplitlik is a tiny, uh, imp
Uh, from the, uh, fifth dimension
Whose sole light, uh, delight in life is to torment, uh, Superman
Uh, I think even over Modok, uh, Mixesplitlik has to win
And why?
Because he uses magic
Because he cheats
And that's the trouble with magic
That's the problem
My father always said
That was the trouble with the super- supernatural
It's not fair
It's weighted against you
You've gotta use the tools, uh, and the materials, uh, that are at hand
And so if one has infinite power to cheat
Then one wins the contest
Which is really no contest
Okay
Alright, um, here is another
Oh, this is, uh, several bills wadded up
Alright
Should've done this one earlier
Let's talk about wadded, uh, quality of bills
Uh, yes
Yesterday I heard your discourse on the new feathered dino fossils coming from China
And your doubts on their veracity
Can you speak on this again?
Well, most of you probably know about the marvelous treasure trove of fossils from Leonong province in China
You've heard of these things?
Uh, they are a remarkable example of a preserved biota
And they exist in a lagerstadt
That's the German name for a perfect field of fossil preservation
Which shows not only the, uh, animals that perished there
But also leaves, sticks, insects, uh, everything that tells you what life was like at that time
And truly wonderful things have been found
However, there is a problem
And the problem is that whatever people in America want
China is happy to produce and sell to America
This is a real problem because it has been estimated
You can read about this on the internet
That not most, but all fossils coming from China are somewhat faked
One thing that one never finds as a paleontologist
Or someone who finds fossils in the field
Is a perfectly articulated fact
That the bones of a prehistoric creature
Are all the bones present
This is almost never the case
Now there is an exception
The, uh, skeleton of Dilophosaurus wetherilli
Which was discovered by a Navajo Indian in Arizona
With all the bones intact
But usually what you get is a huge jumble of bones
Some that have been chewed by other dinosaurs
Broken, some bones from the wrong species
Uh, some missing
All mixed up with mud
Mixed up with, uh, animal feces
Mixed up with the bodies of other animals that were chewing on it
The mess has to be straightened out
But from China, we not only get perfectly articulated skeletons
We get two perfectly articulated skeletons on the same slab
This is just not possible
To keep doing it
And another bad thing is they won't let us look at these fossils
But there are other reasons
Uh, not to suppose that the so-called feathers
On fossil dinosaurs are feathers
They say whenever they discover a fossil bird
That a feathered dinosaur has been discovered
Since to them a bird is a dinosaur
So it'll say we found several flying dinosaurs
With wings and beaks and feathers
And I would call these creatures birds
When you read of a dinosaur found with a fine array of feathers
A phrase I once saw in an article
If you look more closely
There are no feathers whatsoever
When we think of a feather
We think of a penacious bird feather
With asymmetry and barbs which interlock
A perfect engine created by evolution for flight
Not likely to be created to insulate a turkey-sized creature
That runs along the ground
With long hind legs and little tiny front legs
Don't we want to look for the ancestor of a bird
As a creature with short hind legs and long forelegs
That lives in a tree and leaps down
Instead of runs along the ground
That uses gravity to learn how to fly
Today in our world we have flying dragons
The Draco Volans
Flying lizards that have a wing made out of extended rib sections
Flying snakes, flying squirrels
Flying foxes, flying bats, flying fish
They all use gravity to support their habits of flight
And some have developed advanced habits of flight
No matter how you put it
There is no evolutionary advantage to running along the ground
And leaping in the air and flapping your tiny arms briefly
The moment you're in the air you're losing traction
And what is ever after you can get you
And there are many things that could be talked about
I recommend a wonderful book
If you're interested in bird or dinosaur evolution
Called The Origin and Evolution of Birds
By Dr. Alan Fadukia
Of the University of Chapel Hill, North Carolina
But we don't have enough time to keep on with this subject
So let's keep chugging along with Ask Dr. Howe
Here's a question that reminds me of my own worries
About the race between the singularity and the dumbassularity
Where's the question?
The question is
Oh, thank you
I see you gave me the answer
I gave you three dollars and you gave me an eight dollar answer
Oh, thank you
All right
Oh, Reverend Joy DeVieve just gave
She gave him three dollars but he gave her an eight dollar answer
Yeah, that's the way I am
I was distracted delightfully by Joy
So you have to read that one again
Right
What are the odds on either the universe collapsing in on itself
Or expanding onward forever ending in heat death?
Asks Alexander Salamander
Salamander, eh?
Well, you would be interested in the heat present in the universe
The heat death of the universe is not likely to occur
Particularly in the lifetime of anyone here
And when we are in our future lives
After we are conveyed there by our exes to friends
This will not be a concern
But the universe rather than collapsing
As at the moment expanding faster than ever
Faster and faster
You would expect the expansion from the moment of the big bang
To be slowing down entropically
Instead it is rushing outward
Faster all the time
And so any collapse will have to occur
Owing to the theory of eternal recurrence
Countless light years
I mean that's not even a duration, distance of time
But countless eons
Beyond the death of our own solar system
And perhaps if it collapses back into a small golf ball
Bursting with kinesis and potential
Then it will burp and erupt again into another universe
Perhaps the same one
How could we ever know?
If it falls into the most likely configuration
This is probably it
So perhaps after lustrums and epicycles of cosmic time
We'll still be sitting here
And I will still be answering this question
I just noticed that Tommy Amoeba is wearing that Robert Curum drawing
Of Princess Wee and myself
The day we met
Let's see
Is this the last of the one dollar questions?
The last of these questions
I think Fat Mandy handed this to me
Oh boy
Is it possible that the fruit
Which cast Adam and Eve
From heaven
Could have been a persimmon
Or maybe a pawpaw?
A pawpaw is certainly more likely
Considering the area in which Eden lay
But the entire tradition that the fruit
Of the tree of knowledge of good and evil
Is an apple
Is not a biblical tradition
But a later medieval tradition
All we know about this fruit
Is that it tastes really good
And that if you eat it
You shall surely die
However
You won't die on the spot
So actually the snake told the truth
And God lied
Because God said
On the day you eat this fruit
You will die
How long did Adam live after that?
900 and something years I think
I don't think God was playing with a full deck there
So the fruit is
You know
I don't know if anybody ever got detailed

By Scott
I'll tell you
The tree of knowledge of allb transparent


It was supposed to be
Imagine death
But the foodstuff
And all the lies
Made my eyes see
The densely focused

I'll daresay
Everything I have
contains women
eight. It is now destroying the bananas that are grown in South America because rather than keep
the rot out, they hire the poorest, most desperate people who bring the rot on their shoes to the
banana harvest. The only possible salvation from the banana is the genetic engineered one, which
is resistant to the rot, which has been produced in Europe. But there's so much opposition to
genetic engineered food in Europe, too, that this thing can't get a foothold. Anyway, we'll see what
happens in the long run. It's not only the banana that's in trouble, as we all know. And as for the
fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, it's really not so much the fruit itself,
but disobedience to the old bearded boy, the ancient of days, that was the cause of the trouble.
What the fruit of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, it's really not so much the fruit itself,
but the serpent said was true, and what God said was the first of many regrettable lies.
This question, what he said, what he said, this is the kind of question that the person who asked it
may be sorry they asked. What are the ingredients in a hot dog?
No!
Nobody wants to hear this list.
A list of ingredients?
Why don't we start with the benign ones?
Say, pork and pork byproducts.
Beef gristle.
Plasma.
Now, plasma is not a liquid, but it is a powder made of slaughterhouse refuse that is added to hot dogs.
Casein.
Calcium.
Gypsum actually exists in non-kosher hot dogs.
A slight amount of gypsum. Did you know that, Stan?
No.
And the casein.
The casein of hot dogs used to be made of animal intestines, but these days we have a marvelous machine
which produces and solidifies it.
But it depends on the brand of hot dogs.
In San Francisco, where I come from, there are all sorts of hot dogs made of holistic ingredients.
You know, they might as well be sawdust.
It's still a hot dog, and it's still going to get you the way any hot dog will.
Mm-mm.
But they have, you know, apple sausages with cinnamon.
Nonsense.
A hot dog is a hot dog.
The cruder, the better.
That's what a hot dog is all about.
I didn't get down to the pancake breakfast in time to get my scrapple.
Oh, that is terrible.
My breakfast was rushed.
There is some scrapple left.
I barely ate anything.
Oh, here's a question.
Yes?
Where did the word hippie originate?
Hmm.
Hippie spelled the way I spell it.
H-I-P-P-E.
H-I-P-P-I-E.
First of all, let's settle that.
That is the way to spell hippie.
H-I-P-P-I-E.
And not with a Y.
You are suspected of right-wing tendencies if you spell hippie with a Y.
Despite the guy who's now trying to put out hippie comics,
who is trying to gain control of underground comics and put them out with sex comics
and thoroughly confuse sex comics and underground comics.
Anyway, he calls his enterprise hippie comics with a Y.
That shows how wrong-headed it is.
Why is I-E correct?
Because I-E is a diminutive.
And like all diminutives, it is an affectionate diminutive.
In some diminutives, the amount of affection is quite weak.
Like, for example, Dracula, which means little dragon.
Dracula is not quite as bad as a dragon.
So that's not too affectionate.
But,
another one, for example, cigarette.
There, et is the diminutive.
It's not a cigar.
It's a small thing.
A cigarette.
A hippie is a little hipster.
A cute little hipster.
And they were cute and little back at the end of the 50s,
at the time this term was coined.
They weren't old, smelly, and decrepit.
Stinking of patchouli oil, cynicism, and despair.
That came later.
But the name,
is from a time of freshness.
And that is the name which is properly used.
Dr. Howell, there was a song once called South Street.
Yes, there was a song that Greg is pointing out called South Street.
If I remember it, it said,
Where do all the hippies meet?
South Street, South Street.
I guess that location is like Ichiku Park,
a sort of legendary hippie great good place,
like the happy,
hunting ground.
Maybe the hippie huffing ground.
Totally imaginary, I'm afraid.
Many have sought it,
but few have found anything but death,
as in the hippie episode of Star Trek.
Dr. Howell asks,
trademark,
Can you sing your two most memorable TV ad jingles?
But I remember them all.
That's the curse of remembering them all.
Dr. Oh, damn TV ad jingles.
Name a product.
Pepsodent.
Dr. Oh, everyone knows that one.
That's not my favorite either.
But that's of course,
You'll wonder where the yellow went
when you brush your teeth with Pepsodent.
And then of course, there was Bucky Beaver,
the slogan here for Ipana toothpaste.
Remember him?
No.
Dr. Brush a brush a brush,
use the new Ipana with your brand new flavor.
It's dandy for your teeth.
He was a beaver.
He'd flash his incisors at that point.
N-E-S-T-L-E-S,
Nestle's makes the very best chocolate.
That was Danny O'Day and Farfel.
You remember?
More people remember.
Empire.
Dr. Empire?
That's got their telephone number.
That's got computer generation in it.
That's not a classic one.
That's not a classic one.
But it's good.
It's corn ball.
It's in that tradition.
Freaky cereal.
Dr. Which cereal?
Freaky's.
Dr. I don't know Freaky's.
Breakfast of champions?
No.
Let me try this one.
Dr. Alka-Seltzer.
Dr. Round, round, round the stomach through.
Round, round, round the system too.
With Alka-Seltzer you'll be glad to say,
Relief is just a swallow away.
When Josephine met Bonaparte,
He simply ran off with her heart.
No gal could ever resist him.
But then she felt a new emotion,
One with new aqua-velva lotion.
And a great new romance began.
Because there's something about
An aqua-velva man.
Dr. That makes me feel
So old.
You're lucky I didn't do cigarette commercials.
That'll really make you feel old.
Dr. Now, here's,
I get the impression that this questioner
Is a little worried.
How long do you...
No need to be worried.
Dr. Well, how long do you give me?
Is the question.
I long to give you...
Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, how long do you...
Yeah, okay.
How long do I give you?
I give you as long as you have.
I cannot give more.
And I would not wish less.
Now it's up to you to extend your time.
So be not coy, but use your time.
And when you may go merry,
For having once but lost your prime,
You may forever tarry.
Stay off railroad tracks,
Keep your fingers out of electrical sockets,
And remember, we, the subgeniuses, care.
And we, the space princess, cares the most.
She is stooped with the burden of caring for you all.
Give her a round of applause.
Well, is that it? Is that the end of that?
No, no, we've got plenty more.
All right, bring them on.
What if speculation is futile?
Speculation may be futile as a method of resolving a problem,
But it does infinite good for you
When you are able to say,
Well, I thought about this and I did as much as I could.
You know, I did what I could.
Now let the chips fall where they may.
Because I tried.
I did my best.
So what if it's futile?
Now at least it has provided a tiny succadenaeum to you,
A brief comfort in an endless universe of darkness and solitude.
How pleasant.
Here's one with almost common sense.
It's got comic book-like lettering on it.
What is that noise?
Well, if it's not emanating up from this platform,
Or from the fans here,
Or from the multitudinous sounds of animals
And the sowing of winds in the trees
With all the multitudinous goings-on of life,
Inaudible as dreams,
You may have exceptionally acute hearing.
You may, as a subgenius, have this unusual talent.
Subgeniuses have all sorts of
Weird and rare talents.
And sometimes they don't recognize them until late in life.
It may be that you are a kind of subgenius Roderick Usher,
Cursed with unnatural sensitivity
And forced to listen to the tiniest sound that the universe makes.
You know, a lot of people who order hearing aids
Because they can't hear very well,
Find themselves not satisfied with them
Because they can hear every damn sound,
Which they had grown comfortable with filtering out.
Every remote board popping in the house
Now comes with awful clarity.
And they end up tuning out their hearing aids.
It is not beyond the bounds of possibility
Since a subgenius wrote, and so elegantly lettered this,
That the noise you hear
Is the sound of the crystalline spheres of the universe
Turning in majestic splendor,
Which most of us cannot hear
Because of the susurrus of the blood in our own veins
And the beating of our own hearts.
What form of sacrifice must I perform
In order to gain the ability
To fix the automatic record loader on my record player?
It's a repair question.
Oh, it needs repair, or it just needs to be learned?
They don't say.
The automatic record loader is out of whack.
You must sacrifice a certain amount of income
To have the expert repair it.
Or you must sacrifice an even greater load of time.
Your personal, private, precious time
Sweating and cussing and fiddling with this record player.
And then you will learn about it.
You will learn how it operates.
How it ought to operate.
And moments of your life which can never be replaced
Will be irretrievably gone.
Why don't you sacrifice a few moments of your time
To find out who tinkers with antique record players.
And then sacrifice a little bit more time
To haul your unit down there.
And finally, sacrifice whatever simoleons
You need to expend on this project
To get it fitted with a spanking load of energy.
A spanking new record loader.
There's one other sacrifice you might make.
And that is a sacrifice of time
Inspecting other similar models
Which you might cannibalize
To extract, for your own benefit, a working part.
All these have to be considered in the light of
How much you want to give
In order to receive your goal.
Just like everything else.
Here's a question.
Dr. Howell, that probably is on the mind
Of quite a few people.
But this one dared to ask it.
Do you think Reverend Baby Bear
Would go out with a subgenius like me?
You know, all things are possible to Allah.
But I wouldn't ask Allah in this case.
I think Reverend Baby Bear
Is already tied up in that way.
But of course she could have her pick
Of anyone here if she wanted.
All you have to do in this case
Like any vain hope
Is to preserve in your hope.
Because that may be your only cold comfort.
Still, faint heart never won fair lady.
So get in line now.
Oh, this is a good one.
It's a loaded question, Dr. Howell.
Well, they're always loaded.
What is the most endangered animal
You've ever had sex with?
Well, of course it has to be the human.
Nothing is more endangered than that.
The human is unique in hubris.
But the humans that I have had sex with
Had very little to do with the problem itself.
The problem was created by other humans.
You know, I'm not lying down beside the humans
Who are responsible for the mess
That we're in today.
And it is unlikely that I should do so.
Raise up!
If people wear underwear
More than they do pants,
Are underwear still underwear?
Or are pants now over-wear?
Why? Or why not?
Well, pants are over-wear.
Because they're not underwear.
And there was a fashion a few years ago
For wearing underwear.
And now we're wearing underwear as outer-wear.
Wearing underwear over the pants.
But underwear has always been the ligature
Beneath the ligature.
As the Latin word for underwear
Subligaculum shows.
So, the question is
Are you going to go without underwear?
Are you going to go commando?
Because then your pants will be your underwear.
Then your over-wear will be your inner-wear.
Is this what you want?
It may not increase your popularity.
Something to think about, kids.
Here's another one with
Alex and his troops wore them outside.
This has nice handwriting.
We like nice handwriting.
Dear Dr. Howell,
Is the earth expanding?
Best regards, Hay Seed.
Drinks provided in lieu of cash.
Is the earth expanding?
The earth?
The earth is expanding.
The earth receives all kinds of trash
Constantly from the rest of the universe.
We are being pelted with cosmic refuse
And with junk left over from the formation of the solar system.
Our oceans largely came from a bombardment of cometary ice.
And there's plenty more water out there.
There's a lot of junk left over.
In the asteroid belt.
Everything that falls to earth stays here.
Then the molten mantle of the earth
Though it has expanded to as far as it gets
Creates further expansion by heat
And the process of subduction.
The process of subduction moves the continental masses around
On the nickel-iron-molten-magma crust of the earth.
And its magnetic pole shifts
Every few eons to another sign of its instability.
But the earth will never expand enough to cause you any problem.
Even though a future earth may be large enough
So that the gravitational aspect of the equation is different.
What would our remote descendants look like
To deal with this problem
If we were lucky enough as a species to continue?
Looking into this matter, I've found that
If you take a human baby
And scale him up so that he's ten or twelve feet high
That's a good picture of what human future evolutionary individuals would look like.
The principle of neoteny is at work on the human today.
But we may interfere with our own evolution
Because it may be convenient to do so.
One way to distinguish between human and human

Is that we have to control the future.
And one reason why we must control the future
Rather than the humans controlling the future
Is if the humans control the future
As we gradually evolve
Of course we'll become giant heads floating around.
That's a remoter stage of the future.
Right. If the humans are in charge
We'll be giant heads floating around with no genitals.
The subgenius heads floating around
Will still have wieners and vajayjay's.
And not just plug into some ungodly machine
Protracted by perverted science.
Right. That's why it's really pretty important
That we win and that X Day happens.
By the way, I've...
Gotta get those plugs straightened out.
I've been having to reassure people
About X Day and what happens to the Earth.
Some subs are concerned that we'll just wreck
What could be a perfectly useful planet.
And we want to make it clear
That what we're doing is returning it
To its pristine state.
That's right.
The way it was before we were here.
We're not wrecking shit. We're saving it.
A giant molten mass belching out toxic gas.
Yes, to return it to its pure primordial state.
Right.
And Operation Clean Slate, we call it.
And here's the last question for Ask Dr. Howell.
Very well. We're about to end this whole
Ask Dr. Howell malarkey.
And we're gonna start the Bulldada auction soon.
So prepare for that.
And now for the last question.
The last Ask Dr. Howell question.
This was handed in by Dr. Dark.
And I suspect maybe he hadn't had his morning coffee.
Because this is strangely worded.
Uh-huh.
Was your first round of applause experienced
A spanking?
Did you experience your first round of applause
As the sound of hands whacking your ass?
Did I exp...
Dr. Dark has just rephrased this question.
That's a good idea.
Did I experience the first round of applause
As hands whacking my ass?
This was not applause.
You know, any performer knows the difference
Between applause, which is on your side,
And hands whacking your ass,
Which may or may not be in your favor.
No, applause is a special thing.
It is the lifeblood to a performer.
And no mere whackage on the buttocks
Can possibly be the same thing.
Good in and of itself, but not the same thing.
And now we are joined by Reverend Angry Larry.
He can't write, so he had to ask his question.
No, I didn't have a question early,
And then all the while I was sitting there,
I thought of a couple of them.
One popped into your mind.
The proper definition of a few words.
Faggot, queer, fuck, prick, anything like that.
I know they all have actual meanings
Besides what we think they are.
How about fun?
Fun? Oh, for all of them?
Yeah.
Okay, well, they're...
And are we not men?
You are men.
Oh, that was my question.
You are not wood, you are not stones, but men.
And, oh, did you have another question, little boy?
No, that was it.
No, that was my question.
The true definition of all of those words.
I hope I didn't disappoint you.
Maybe we could find out...
Or call them fun words.
But fun words boils down to fun.
And as you must know,
Everything either boils down to fun or not fun.
So boil it down to the proper residue.
And, friends, that ends this session of Ask Dr. Howell
and this hour of slack.
We've actually...
The recorder's been on for 56 minutes.
Do I do the outro poem or shall we not do that?
Yeah, you could do an outro poem.
And then we'll have the Bulldada auction.
All right, folks, we're gonna do the outro poem.
And then the Bulldada auction.
Have I done the skeleton in armor here at Ex Day before?
By Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
The Skeleton in Armor
Speak, speak, thou fearful guest
Who with thy hollow breast
Still in rude armor dressed
Comest to daunt me
Wrapped not in eastern balms
But with thy fleshless palms
Stretched as if asking alms
Why dost thou haunt me?
Then from those cavernous eyes
Pale flashes seemed to rise
As when the northern skies gleam in December
And as the waters flow under December's snow
Came a dull voice of woe
From the heart's chamber
I was a Viking old
My deeds though manifold
No scald in song has told
No saga taught thee
Take heed that in thy verse
Thou dost the tale rehearse
Else fear a dead man's curse
For this I sought thee
Far in the northern land
By the wild Baltic's strand
I with my childish hand
Tamed the Gyrfalcon
And with my skates fast bound
Skimmed the half-frozen sound
That the poor whimpering hound
Trembled to walk on
But when I older grew
Joining a corsair's crew
Over the sea we flew
With the marauders
Wild was the life we led
Many the souls that bled
Many the hearts that fed
By our stern orders
Once as I told in glee
Tales of the stormy sea
Soft eyes there gazed on me
Burning yet tender
And as the dark stars shine
On the black Norway pine
On that dark heart of mine
Fell their soft splendor
I wooed the blue-eyed maid
Yielding yet unafraid
And in the forest glade
Our vows were plighted
Under her loosened vests
Grasped I her trembling breasts
Like birds within their nests
By the hawk frighted
Bright in her father's hall
Shields gleamed upon the wall
Loudly the minstrels all
Chanted his glory
When of old Hildebrand
I asked his daughter's hand
Mute did the minstrels stand
To hear my story
As the brown ale he quaffed
Loud then the champion laughed
And as the winds that waft
The sea foam lightly
So the loud laugh of scorn
Out from those lips unshorn
From the deep drinking horn
Blew the foam brightly
She was a prince's child
I but a Viking wild
And though she blushed and smiled
I was discarded
Should not the dove so white
Follow the sea-mew's flight
Why did they leave that night
Her nest unguarded
Scarce had I put to sea
Bearing the maid with me
Fairer by far was she
Than all the Norsemen
When on the bright sea-sand
Waving his armored hand
Saw we old Hildebrand
With twenty horsemen
Launched we against the blast
Bent like a reed each mast
Yet we were gaining fast
When the wind failed us
And in the gusty flaw
Came round the sudden scar
So that the foe we saw laugh
As he hailed us
And as the flapping sail
Veered round to catch the gale
Death was the helmsman's hail
Death without quarter
Mid-ship with iron keel
Struck we her ribs of steel
Down her black hulk did reel
Through the black water
As with his wings aslant
Soars the fierce cormorant
Seeking some rocky haunt
With his prey laden
So toward the open main
Beating to sea again
Out through the hurricane
Bore I the maiden
Three weeks we westward bore
And when the storm was o'er
Cloud-like we saw the shore
Stretching to leeward
There for my lady's bower
Built I the lofty tower
Which to this very hour
Stands looking seaward
There we lived many years
Time dried the maiden's tears
She had forgot her fears
She was a mother
Death closed her eyes
Her pale blue eyes
Under that tower she lies
Never shall sun arise
On such another
Still grew my bosom then
Still as a stagnant fen
Hateful to me were men
The sunlight hateful
In the vast forest here
Fell I upon my spear
Clad in my warlike gear
Oh, death was grateful
Thus seemed with many scars
Bursting these prison bars
Up to its native stars
My soul ascended
There from its flowing bowl
Drinks deep the warrior's soul
Skol! To the Northland!
Skol!
Thus the tale ended
Thank you everyone
Thanks for watching!
I hope you enjoyed it!
And I hope you'll come back
And see you next time
See you then!

See you next time!

















Bye!
We have many wonderful new things
For the Bulldada auction
So don't think it's all
What you saw yesterday
How about this handsome
Doug Wellman action figure
Or this honey boo boo pair of glasses
We've got it all
From the benthic bottom
Of the conspiracy
All those scraps and things
Reverend Two Beans
Just gave us a huge delivery of stuff
And we've got it all
So be prepared for
The Bulldada auction part three
The conclusion
Thank you
You could call it
The Bulldada auction part three
The final indignity
Thank you
Anyway after a few moments
We'll be progressing
With the Bulldada auction
Thank you
You've been listening
To the subgenius
Radio ministry
Hour of Slack
For free information
Write to
P.O.
Box
One eight one
Four one seven










Cleveland Heights Ohio
Four four one one eight
Or see
www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob
