Jesus Christ, what the hell is that?
I don't know.
It's horrible, isn't it?
It's making me feel sick.
It's disgusting.
It is disgusting.
Well, why don't you do something about it?
Why don't you get it out of here?
Isn't there any way you can get rid of it?
I'm not going to touch it.
Oh, God.
I'm not touching it.
It's filthy.
It stinks.
Well, we're going to have to smell it for the rest of the goddamn night if you don't get rid of it.
It stinks.
I'm not touching it.
Well, what am I supposed to do about it?
I'm not going to touch it.
I'm not.
It's filthy.
It's disgusting.
Just get it out of here.
It's no big deal.
Jesus, just go on.
Get rid of it.
Where do you want me to put it?
I don't know.
I don't know.
What do you want me to do?
Well, just throw it outside.
I don't know.
I don't care.
Just put it out the door or something.
Just get rid of it.
Go on.
What are you waiting for?
I kind of like it.
What?
What?
Is it starting to grow on you or something?
God.
Yeah, I'm beginning to grow attached to it.
Once you get used to the smell, it's...
And you know what it is?
It's the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack, dear friends.
Good to be back, ain't it?
I built a little empire out of some crazy garbage
called the blood of the exploited working class.
But they've overcome.
They're shyness now.
They're calling me your highness.
And the world screams,
kiss me, son of God.
I destroy the bond of friendship and respect
between the only people left
who'd even look me in the eye.
Now I laugh and make a fortune
off the same ones that I tortured.
And the world screams,
kiss me, son of God.
I look like Jesus, so they say.
But Mr. Jesus is very far away.
Now you're the only one here
who can tell me if it's true
that you love me
and I love me.
I built a little empire
out of some crazy garbage
called the blood of the exploited working class.
But they've overcome.
They're shyness now.
They're calling me your highness.
And the world screams,
kiss me, son of God.
Yes, the world screams,
kiss me, son of God.
The world screams,





How lovely dear friends.
That was, first thing there was
my sweet Lydia lunch,
and what is it?
Hey, you know what it is?
It's a hot dog.
followed by kiss me son of god by they might be giants and yeah i'll tell you dear friends
dear hour of slack listeners dear friends and the rest of you i've got a a big decision to
make tonight actually i've got this wonderful tape here that was uh put together by reverend
brooks carothers sent by way of uh mrs nancy regalia i was in new orleans marrying her off
my second legal wedding for the whole family too a family pg rated wedding no cuss words
uh and it you know it's a it's amazing to be able to i made a hundred bucks too
being a preacher uh hitching people up and what's really amazing is it doesn't take any credentials
to to marry people together although to separate them in a divorce you have to go to
eight years of
law enforcement
law school or be a judge anyway well i've got this long rant i could do and uh i've got this
this wonderful bunch of music mostly by bands that well i i never really heard of and i'm trying to
decide should i do the rant because it's well it's not universal subgenius material really
it's in answer to some of you or should i just play the music well i'll play some music and
and because i have to to get to the end of the tape and flip it over then i'll decide
i just don't know what to do help me android sisters and now it is my pleasure to present
two of the hottest frankies in town here they are live from the digital circus the android sisters
hi my name is angel
hi my name is angel





we are the android sisters
last night i had a digital dream last night i had a digital dream there was a big nose there was a
little nose the big nose kept sniffing and sniffing the little nose the big nose the big nose
kept sniffing and sniffing the big nose said someone stinks around here a little nose said
someone stinks around here sniff sniff sniff a big nose sniffed along the floor a little nose
someone stinks it is not me it is not me it must be you the big nose slid along the floor until it
found your foot a little nose slid along the ceiling until it found your head the big nose
slid up your leg the little nose slid down your
face the big nose slid over your knee the little nose slid down your neck the big nose slid up your
thigh the little nose slid under your arm the big nose the little nose
your belly button hello hello hello this sticks all over
they are human are you a human do you stink do you hate your smell would you like to smell like me
i smell like plastic do you smell like plastic do you want to smell like plastic
do you want to be plastic we are plastic
we smell good you do not smell good
yeah tell me about it well um they called they said they wanted the rant
they think they want the rant see friends for the last couple of weeks we've gotten some very
interesting mail here at the hour of slack the subgenius foundation always gets mountains of
mail from our other enterprises but the hour of slack is always the best mail that we get we get
all the fast-fast mail that we have thanks to all the people that need to send them mail
from the world we've gotten two hauled some mail today from we have two of myjam store shoppers
we even have saloon shines we actually sent them a在台里 episodes of Brussels and they they were
coming out to thearlos especially because i've bought some very collectible series i think there
were quite a few here and there other than that you know the two gossip sites what kind
the way, they said they thought the show had improved due to our playing more universal
subgenius material and less, quote, Dallas parochialism, unquote. Yet we got another
letter, nay, two whole homemade magazines or church spinoff fanzines, whining somewhat
shrilly about how this show doesn't play enough material on or by local Dallas subgeni,
specifically, of course, the publishers of this self-same magazine, which I'll go into
in a minute. But then we also got this well-written letter. Hold on a second. I didn't even have
my material. Had to dig around in the show bag there to get this. Yes, this letter from
the desks of expert women. Give us a man and we'll scare him to death, they say. And
I'm not sure if that's a good idea. I'm not sure if that's a good idea. I'm not sure if
that's a good idea. I'm not sure if that's a good idea. I'm not sure if that's a good idea.
This particular expert woman says, as an expert woman, I feel I must comment on the October
1st alleged live broadcast. I was there with a fellow expert woman to experience that famous
subgenius ambiance and was severely disappointed. Is this the way you guys always party? Looked
like a bunch of ritualistic male bonding crap to me. Well, no, that wasn't really the way
we always do anything. We'd never done that before and it wasn't really our choice. The
station told me there was this benefit of having a subgenius on the show. I said, well,
maybe you should do this show if you're going to be happy with what you've done, not if

you're going to do this show, especially if it isn't positive. So I did say, well, this
is going to be a great benefit to this club and I'd have to do the show from there, remote
broadcast. And we were happy to try to help out the station in any way possible. So here
we were, having to do an entertaining show primarily for the home listeners but in a
chaotic atmosphere where we could barely hear each other talk. We had a crowd of people
standing around watching us, mostly also unable to hear us. And on top of that, there were
serious technical problems the whole first half hour. So the home audience couldn't hear
hear much either. But it was a noble experiment and did have a few high points, which were
fortunately caught by my home portable recorder. So we weren't partying, really. We were doing
a show that happened to be supposed to sound like we were partying. Now, as to the ritualistic
male bonding, we'd really been doing that all weekend, and you'd better be darn glad
that we indulge in ritualistic male bonding, because that's exactly what keeps us among
the last of the real men around. And in fact, it's indeed what makes our male-female bonding
all the more meaningful and oozeful on stage or off, as many will attest. Maybe you didn't
hear us loudly and publicly bemoaning the fact that the whole audience we could see
was composed of what looked like male-female bonding.
Well, we were all male science fiction fans. In fact, we were begging for a glimpse of
female brain power or flesh. And there was a brief moment when a brilliantly inventive,
wild and coincidentally gorgeous lady acquaintance of Sterno's, mine and Snavely, handed us $22
to burn. And oh, if only she and her companion had stuck around and shoved their ways up
to the mic, we'd have been ecstatic. But by the time the cash was burnt, they'd disappeared,
I suspect, to pen this very line.
You know, we decided to keep it short and get more detail in the next episode.
But, I have to wait another week to get any slack whatsoever, and that always makes me
cranky. I must admit-oh, no, wait. It says, My friend and I came to hear the word of Bob,
but instead had to listen to Bob Dylan whinny about whatever he's into. I'm not sure what
she means by that, because I didn't see Bob Dylan there. Maybe she means that metaphorically.
It might have been interesting to hear what was being broadcast, but the young Republican,
skinheads surrounding your table looked like their disease was contagious.
Well, like I say, we weren't doing a subgenius revival. We couldn't in the middle of a blues
jam, see, and not under those technical limitations. That's why Will back at the
station kept cutting the tape. Ideally, we'd have been on stage with somebody else engineering all
the radio gizmos, but even then it probably would have been just as frustrating to the radio audience.
But the thing about young Republican skinheads around our table, well,
you know, I mean, how do you imagine we felt? But the church doesn't exactly have a dress code,
on the other hand, and you shouldn't be judging books by their covers so quickly,
because in many cases our audience are indeed despicable, mal-aligned normals that think they're
cool subgeniuses. But on the other hand, haircuts bespeak nothing. I mean, after all, just among,
for instance,
the old old-timers there, Sterno and I have fairly long hair, but G. Gordon Gordon, Onan
Canabite, Snavely Eklund, all are very well-groomed. And nor does age matter, because, you know,
Onan's 22 and Guy's 49. Sterno and I are in the middle, and Snavely is Bob's age.
And as far as the Republican part goes, well, I mean, some of my best friends are old Republicans.
I understand what you're saying, though. I mean, but what you really mean isn't young
Republicans.
Not Republicans, necessarily. Often, yeah. But what you mean is pinks. Pinks. Plain and simple.
And of course, the worst part of any subgenius live show is the gushy, nerdy, adolescent
adulation. And although that is embarrassing, it doesn't necessarily bespeak a permanent
Bobbyhood, but possibly rather mere youthful ignorance, you know, of how small the big-time
room is.
And I think that's what it really is, and most of us were almost guilty of that at one time.
She continues here,
I must admit I'd also hope to see what true subgenie are like, and as I am still trying to save up
enough dollars to become a subgenius minister and fight the insidious poison-tentacled beast
that is the conspiracy, I just hope that the next event you invite the public to is worthy of my
attention, because if it ain't, I may be upset.
I have hopes of learning subgenius techniques for punctuation, expectoration, and graven
image-tumping.
Don't disappoint me again!
Sorry to make this so brief, but I have to go and pretend to be a normal employee for
a while, spleenishly yours, Pope Anagram, or Gannarama, in Dallas, Texas. Well, uh,
sorry babe, like I say, you know, we wish you'd, uh, had just kind of pushed those wimps
aside, pushed us aside, believe me, it's been done by the females of the church before,
and, uh, you know, grab the mic. Do it. That's what we're there for. It's to take it back
away from you, actually, once you start. But, anyway, on to the Stanghate Church. Yeah, we
got this magazine and a letter from the Ideology of Madness boys in Arlington, and I'll give
their address later. But the letter here, I'll...
I'll read it.
The war is on, Stangh. Sorry if it must come to this, but Ideology of Madness magazine
has become the galaxy's first official Stanghian hate zine. This is just the beginning. In
issue 10, we begin our giant double-sized assault on your invisible conspiracy. It's
over, Stangh. We're taking over. And we're gonna expose you for what you really are.
Used up.
Well, used up, gah, you know, I mean, it's
true I do often feel sorta used, but being used up, that sounds kinda funny coming from
somebody when their whole format, jargon, language, and philosophy that they're using
to even make that statement comes largely not from them but from the materials provided
to them, theym, by Dr. Philodrummond and myself and the rest of us at some point in the past.
As for theirs being the galaxy's first Stanghate zine, I'm afraid it's... it's not even Dallas
is first. In fact, I can think of several much, much more highly qualified producers
of Stanghate literature dating back many years. The infamous Bob Black being the foremost
that comes to mind, bless his poor heart. I mean, heck, Sterno and Guy are better at
it than anybody, and that's where they're so highly placed in Dobbs' hierarchy. But,
uh, anyway, let me read this from Ideology of Madness.
Friends, I hope that this is of interest to the average listener, at least in some
sort of, you know, as you try to dredge context about the Church from this, and just what
we have to go through. That's sort of the reason I go ahead and do this. Okay, from
this little magazine here, Stanghate Church, a real quaint phrase these days is, I'm sick
and tired of being sick and tired. I guess that's what makes me the most ill and weary
or foley.
that just won't stop bitching and moaning.
Within the subgenius foundation's hierarchy
is a whiner among whiners.
His name is Reverend Ivan Stang,
the church's sacred scribe.
This man has so much power within foundation
that he actually owns the trademark
on our high EPOP's face.
Meaning the face of Bob Dobbs, dear friends,
and it's true.
There is a chain of command, they say.
Stang is right up there in the top three.
He is actually one of the founding fathers
of our faith in Bob, or FIB.
He is the host of Hour of Slack, blah, blah, blah.
Stang continuously puts down the local subs,
dismissing them as bobbies.
I didn't know it was that continuous, actually.
He often moans about how the only good revivals
can be found out of state.
Well, Reverend Pastor Buck Naked
hosted a devival last year at Dallas
as a member of the church.
He was a member of the church's bar of soap.
But you wouldn't know about that one, would you, Stang?
Well, yes, I would, actually.
No, Buck, and you don't get along well on stage,
so the two of you don't frequent the same pulpits.
Well, um...
Actually, Buck Naked is one of the most honest,
generous, abnormal yetis in the world,
at least to me and everybody else.
But our styles clash.
Now, all subgenius preachers have different styles,
and while some complement each other,
some do clash.
And, like, Buck goes great with Janer, say,
but not with me.
And big deal.
I mean, at any rate,
he and I have been through unbelievable hardships together
involving people like this,
and I think we understand each other.
But, uh, to continue, they say here,
but that's okay, Ivan.
You go ahead and put that down also.
Yes, I did.
You weren't there,
so you can't be expected to understand
any of the good, wholesome family conversations,
or any of the kind of weirdness that happened
that hot summer evening.
That's kinda old news, actually.
And hey, let's put your listeners down, too.
They're...
They're just a bunch of slack vampires
trying to slurp up some of your abnormality.
And while you're at it,
we're just a couple of pink boys
putting out a rant scene that pales
in comparison to your mighty,
mythical, stark fist of removal.
Well, you said it, pal, not me.
Just go ahead and discount us,
along with everybody else.
After all, you're not really a subgenius,
unless you're from Arkansas,
or some other faraway place.
Frankly, I'm tired of it, they say here.
Stang has every opportunity to make
Dallas-Fort Worth a paradise for the mutant.
The time has come for local subgeniuses
to rise up and join together
in sharing their Bob-given oddities.
Stang could do a show comprising rants
from local abnormals.
It could be a pre-taped show
that he could play on one of those many occasions
that he goes out of town.
He could delegate the responsibility
to his faithful sidekick,
the Will of Dobbs,
and give that oozing cis-tune a rest.
Which I think Will played twice
in the last two years.
Actually, Will's not a faithful sidekick,
Will's a good buddy.
He's also paid, so there.
Stang could broadcast over the airwaves
a request for someone to head up
a North Texas devival and any other needs
the person heading it up might need.
I.e. a place to have it people willing to do
publicity work, etc.
But has he done this?
No!
Well, actually, yes.
It's much easier for him to just blow everybody
in Texas off as a bunch of bobbies.
Well, we here at the Yggdrasil Press
are striving to make a difference.
We are attempting to host the second
North Texas subgenius conclave and devival.
If you would like to help and or know of a place
where we could hold this party for Bob,
write me care of the P.O. box,
which I will give in a second.
And while you're at it, send Stang some hate mail
at his box or give him a call Sundays right now
at 214-823-7490.
Which you can do.
Please do that right now.
Break your chains.
Demand your rights.
It's all or nothing.
Signed, Don.
Praise Don!
Well, that's another subject.
And the P.O. box here is those witty guys.
Box 111423.
Once again, that's box 111423, Arlington, Texas, 76007.
Yeah, well, you know, friends, honestly,
I can't remember if I've ever met these guys or not.
But to tell the truth, I just eat up this Stang hate stuff.
I mean, I really love it.
I feed on it.
There's no greater compliment, really.
It makes you feel like you're well on your way to finally making a buck.
Now, the kindest thing I could do here would be to say,
no comment.
It would be much kinder.
But you listeners, the rest of you listeners,
don't want to hear kindness.
I know, you want to hear vindictiveness and obnoxicity.
You want to hear slack at the expense of somebody else.
So, I will answer these accusations against King Stang, the great Saitang.
And to begin with, as far as excluding Dallas subgeniuses from the show,
a short list of local mutants whose works or bodies have appeared on Hour of Slack include,
of course, Willa Dobbs, Buck Naked, Buddy West,
the wonderful bands Lost Souls Incorporated and The Walk-Ins,
and Buck's bands and other buddies.
There they go.
You can see them rising away in the background.
Ann McKinney, Jay Cotton, Dealey Lama, Pope S. Cecilia,
Reverend Shimon, Zeyfaud Rokitansky,
Homer Henderson, Tommy Lopez, John Hagenbrenner,
Philo Drummond, Kenneth Huey, Reverend Bob.
Well, actually, we have never had Reverend Bob, but we ought to, you know.
I should have thought of that a long time ago.
It would be a great show and probably set things straight as to the difference
between the Reverend Bob that performs in clubs,
and the Bob Dobbs who maintains the economic balance of the universe.
So we ought to do that.
Anyway, okay, so those are the people you hear on the show,
but then there's the people you don't hear on the show.
And often it's just because they never bother to send so much as an audition tape
and think they've got the God-given right to supplant whatever fantastic material
I happen to have ready to play just by showing up at the locked door of K-N-O-N.
As some wannabe subgeniuses, we get their tapes and stuff,
but they're just plain bad.
But bad by whose standards, you may ask?
Well, mine, dear friend, since Dobbs can't be bothered with mundane matters like that.
So you ask, how can I get to contribute publicly to this vortex of creativity
that is the seemingly impregnable subgenius hierarchy?
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Well, now, friends, take the Dallas subgeniuses whose material we broadcast or publish.
Now, some I've known for years, some I've never met.
Doesn't really make any difference whether they're from Texas or not.
The church existed long before the hour of Slack show on tapes and books,
and from the beginning it was always a national disorganization, not a local one.
I mean, we've got enough problems trying to keep up with a hundred other countries and states.
But what the Dallas hierarchy, you might say, have in common is that they have some degree of sense and maturity.
Not too much, of course.
They figure out what's going on before they shoot their mouse off, for instance,
and most of all, most of all, they give good slack.
Their rants or music or collages are clever, poignant, biting, and funny.
And original.
Not too tehe-teh.
They're the church of the inside joke.
And they don't come off like frustrated sci-fi or computer nerds,
even if they're into sci-fi or computers,
and they don't suck up to Stang,
nor imbue him with imaginary powers to turn North Texas into a mutant paradise.
In fact, they don't even call me Stang in person.
They realize that Bob is the real boss,
and he helps those, dear friends, who helps themselves and put their good where it does the most.
And for those people, dear friends, we are grateful.
Oh, so grateful.
Now, if you out there are offended by our all-inclusive put-downs of listeners in general,
then you must be insecure about something.
Because I think most listeners understand the put-downs and the spirit in which they're intended.
The great tradition of obnoxious use of radio.
It- well, that's why most people enjoy it.
They realize that there are those who are the buts,
and there are those who are the tellers of the joke.
And some of the buts are those who are trying to tell the joke the loudest.
Not just here, but everywhere.
Not knowing that the punchline actually came somewhere near the beginning.
But it doesn't all add up, does it?
Until you get to the end, which doesn't sound like a punchline,
and then you think back,
and then you get the joke which we know to be all too horribly true.
Elitist? You bet.
Now, some call it quality control.
Not letting you on the show doesn't mean that I'm hogging the airwaves.
It means the airwaves are already hogged,
and we gotta use what we consider to be good,
and which honors Bob's sweet name.
Or at least...
you know, something like that.
Because Bob started a church, friends,
and not a comic book or a gaming club or whatever.
And because he did that means that we can't tell somebody
they can't do a stupid show or booklet on their own,
unless they make money off it,
in which case it becomes a legal question.
Then we don't care how bad it is as long as we get a cut.
But being a church,
most shows we do aren't really done expecting much money,
aside from the occasional fundraiser for K-N-O-N.
At least not the parties.
Rantings, anyway.
So, no matter how corny or embarrassing
your particular watered-down or over-amped,
shallow presentations of Bob's teachings may be,
neither Bob or us are gonna do anything but make fun of you.
And your problem's gonna be that we're better at it.
Not necessarily because we're older, which is often the case,
but simply because we've had more
experience.
I mean, my kids at the ages of ten and eight
have been in it longer than so many of these
pablum-pukin-pew-packin' papas
that wanna think they can produce a wonderful subgenius revival
as long as they end up on the stage
bleating their generally not very good sermons
to an uncomprehending and rather embarrassed audience.
And what it comes down to is there's a big difference
between bold surrealism and bad surrealism,
and some people don't even know what either one of those are,
and they think the whole thing is light comedy.
Or else it's rather vindictive and narrow-minded,
bitter ranting against a conspiracy
which they're seeing through blinders
and limiting to, say, Republicans.
Whereas the con is, nay nay,
just as well embedded in the anarchists, say,
but simply not as powerful,
just because the anarchists haven't had a chance to screw up
in quite as big a manner.
So friends, it is us versus them,
and most people seem to have an opinion
as to whether they're us or them.
Some, unfortunately, who hate the church
and think they're not subgeniuses, in fact are.
They just haven't had quite the right background
to pick up on what our particular style is really saying.
Others are certain that they are true subgeniuses,
but in fact are merely case studies of advanced Bobbyism
that we allow to continue simply
because they do occasionally buy products
that fill Dobbs' ever-growing and yet depleting
black hole of a coffer.
The black hole that is the divine wallet
of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Eventually, friends, all, all will go into that great wallet
and nothing will come out again.
Ah, yes.
The harvest.
And what it all boils down to is
they're basically asking,
why don't I get more attention, Reverend Stang?
And it's because you didn't catch our attention, see?
Sorry. Try again.
Schisms are, of course, Bob ordained,
and for some reason some people fixate on
this Stang demon rather than the real source,
old Bob or young Bob.
Hey, Bob's as old as the mountains
and as young as the streams.
And his church has not, is not,
nor has it ever been an amateur publishing co-op
whereby we all swear to take turns
printing each other's crap no matter how bad it is.
We're not communists, I'm afraid,
but rather a compendium of the best of Bob.
And by whose standards again?
By mine.
Sure, they say there's, there's freedom of the press
for whoever owns a printing press.
Well, we don't own a printing press,
and yet we've had about as great a degree of freedom
as one could reasonably ask on this planet,
in this particular benighted millennium.
And we get death threats, sure, but nobody kills us.
So nobody here or anywhere else is stopping you
from putting together your own press.
You can put together your own fantastic subgenius magazine
or show.
Only because, you know,
if it's not really as fantastic as you think it is,
it's not going to be seen by as many people
nor make any money anyway.
And if it does make money
and we still don't think it's fantastic,
why, then we have a legal ability to shut you down.
You can always start a church of Bill,
but that's already been done.
Praise Bill.
Just because you sent in 20 bucks
doesn't entitle you to walk in on any production
that has the name subgenius on it.
It does entitle you to four issues of the stark fist
which you have not gotten
and which is what you should be angry about,
rather than these side issues
of getting your material out where everybody can see it.
You can do that the same way we did,
with a little more elbow grease than you might have suspected.
So I don't invite you on.
What are you going to do about it?
Boycott the show?
It's not like we have advertisers or ratings to worry about.
And showing up here at the station
expecting to be given a microphone,
as some have done,
well, that's an admirable gall,
but it's deplorable manners, dear friends.
So there.
Let there be slack for the deserving.
Back to the music.
Here's a purdy one.
For the music.

From the son of Mr. Peppermint
and the butthole surfers.
It's a lovely tune.
Called Sweat Love.
And along with my difficult music é
If you see your mom this weekend, would you be sure and tell her...
Satan!
Satan!
Satan!
Satan!
Satan!
Satan!
Satan!
Satan!
Satan!
Satan!
Satan!
We smell not this.
We smell pop.
This Sunday, stay tuned right after Tapeworm Baseball for...
Abbott and Costello meet the Antichrist.
But Abbott is the Animus.
Lou Costello is the Anima.
Spring.
And Byington is the Magna Mater.
And John Ireland is the Beast.
In Abbott and Costello meet the Antichrist.
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!
Jack!






What is it now, Costello?
Look at that throne.
Which throne?
That throne, the Holy of Holies.
You mean the seat of the throne of Jerusalem?
I mean the throne of Jehovah.
I saw him sitting there.
What's the big deal?
There's nobody there.
Will you stop fooling around?
Shut up and pass me the Kabbalah.
Jack! I saw him there.
Who?
David Rockefeller.
But if I see you hitting the Holy Sacrament one more time...
See our two G.I. jerks say nuts to the Nazis like this.
Now Homer, listen to me.
It's simple.
The forces of dark and the forces of light.

Will fight for the last time.
You mean like Joe Louis?
No, no, Homer.
The apocalypse.
Oh, yeah, apocalypse.
Oh, I like that Jamaican music.
Oh, no.
Don't you understand?
It's Armageddon.
Armageddon what?
No, not Eurogeddon.
Armageddon.
I don't understand.
You tell me there's a final fight between dark and light, but it's not a title battle.
That's right.
You tell me it's apocalypse, but it's not Jamaican gong music.
That's right.
You tell me it's Armageddon, but the only thing I know is I'm getting killed.
I'm tired of trying to figure out this book of revelations.
See Lou go gaga over curvaceous Hillary Brooke, but bite off more hosts than he can chew when
he winds up up to his stripes in hot holy water.
Homer, it's kind of hot in here.
How about if we step outside to the veranda?
It's okay by me, lady.
Why, you adorable little thing.
You're shy, aren't you?
Ah, shucks, yes, ma'am.
Call me Hillary.
Oh, shy Hillary, are you?
Well, if you're ever lonely, Homer, you can give me a call.
You won't regret it.
You're a nice lady.
What's your number?
Here, it's 666-6666.
666-6666.
That's right.
666-6666.
666-6666.
666-6666.
666-6666.
666-6666.
666-6666.
Yeah, Ab and Gustello meet the Antichrist this Sunday right after tapeworm baseball.
On KNON 89.3 FM, that was Hubert Goetz.
Curlin' on the devil, curlin' on the lame
You must be curlin' on the devil
O child, it must be a shame
You must be curlin' on the devil
Curlin' on the lame
You must be curlin' on the devil, right
It's time to take that
away from the valley
It's time to realize
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Do androids dream of electric sheep?
Electronic media creates reality.
Electronic media creates your mind.
Do androids dream of electronic sheep?
This is Angel.
We are the Android Sisters.
Last night I watched the nightly news.
Last night I watched the nightly news.
Do you watch the nightly news?
Do you watch it faithfully?
Night after night after night.
I watch it. I watch it.
We watch the nightly news.
Nightly news.
But last night was different.
Something happened.
As I watched, I suddenly saw that
my hands had become little hooves.
My feet were little hooves.
My nose was long.
My nostrils were big.
I had two.
Furry ears.
I was covered with wool.
When I opened my mouth, out came
and the anchorman was saying,
blah, blah.
And I replied,
and the anchor woman was saying,
blah, blah.
And I replied,
bah, bah.
Then I remembered.
Then I remembered.
Electronic media creates reality.
Electronic media creates your mind.
Do you watch the nightly news?
Do you watch it faithfully?
Night after night after.
When they go blah, blah, blah.
Do you go?
Bah, bah, bah.
And you have the nerve to ask us,
do androids dream of electronic sheep?
And so we reply, yes.
We dream of electronic sheep.
We dream of you.
Hey, what happened to little babies like Dermal had?
There's a little baby Dermal was in there last night.
What happened to that?
What happened to him?
What?
Did Dermal mommy eat the baby?
Oh!
Hey, why can't we do that?
Why can't we eat our baby?
Why can't we eat the baby?
You always say we eat too much.
You always say we respect too much.
We eat too much of food.
I'm sick of eating the stupid chicken.
We have chicken every night of the week because it's cheap.
Why can't we eat the baby because the baby was free?
The Dermals ate the babies.
Why can't we eat ours?
Why can't we eat ours?
Why can't we eat ours?
Why can't we eat ours?
Why can't we eat ours?
Why not?
Come on, I'm sick of chicken.
Let's have something different.
Oh, the baby doesn't cry all the time.
It stinks.
The baby smells like she wears pants all the time.
The bathroom smells like we're stupid diapers.
Why can't we just eat her and get rid of her?
My Dermals did it.
Why can't we eat our food?



All she does is wake you up in the middle of the night.
All you do is complain about how much it costs to feed an extra mouth.
Well, if we eat her, we won't have to.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.




Let's eat the baby!
.

Oh, what a lovely, lovely...
Would you like to sit on the bottom of a tree?
What?
Alright.
Hover hover to you.
Yeah.
Well friends, what you just heard there was Happy Flowers doing Let's Eat the Baby.
I think Happy Flowers is going to be one of my new favorite bands. I've never heard of them.
There's several others on this tape that we'll get to next time, including my favorite I Want to Watch cartoons.
Funny thing is we got a letter from England just Saturday saying,
Have you ever heard of Happy Flowers? And just that very day we had.
The first one there after Abbott and Costello meet the Antichrist was Diamanda Gala.
You must be certain of the devil. And in between, Android Sisters and Electric Sheep.
And you're listening, dear friends.
To the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack for free information about the Church of the Subgenius,
the mysterious oriental religion.
Please write the following post office box for free information.
If you dare. That is,
Abhab Sultan Bab
at Box 140306
in exotic Dallas, Texas 75214
Once again, Box 140, Sahib, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Ah, the beautiful dancing maidens.
And you are listening to...
Money means security. No money means terror.
Oh, oh.
This is Angel. This is Angel.
We are the Android Sisters.
Today's topic is money.
Money is important. Everyone needs money.
Have you been deprived of money?
Do you suffer from money withdrawal?
Do you need a money fix?
Is your money fix not big enough?
What if you lost your job?
The job you can't stand?
The job a machine could do.
Then do it better.
What if you lost that?
Then what?
Uh-oh.
No money means terror.
Oh, oh.
Are you happy?
Do you wonder why you are not happy?
Do you live in a constant state of fear?
Have they made you into a money junkie?
Do you hate your job?
Do you have a job to hate?
Are you looking for a job?
Are you looking for a job you will hate?
A job that could be done by robots?
Is this not a stupid way to live your life?
What?
Of course, it is!
You need money.
How can we see why this girl Fit think no мед Brain?
0
0, 2, 3, Go.
She down.
Sit.



Do you but formed the Buddha and this destruction is seen in the western culture?
Asexual, this life- workflow journey humans rights to do for the sole purpose of the people
who call them V
Z
hours of the day and think about money. Do you ever think about how much you think about
money? Aren't you sick of thinking about money? Money? Uh, eh, who are you? But money means
security. No money means terror. Oh, oh.
The pyramids were in construction. The Pharaoh flowed with satisfaction. But then two hills
of men surprised. His empire fell before his eyes. A hundred thousand busy slaves down
their toes and stood in space.
The Red Sea walls stood like the canyon. The Pharaoh pulled up in his wagon and saw within
those walls of glass a herd of whales go raving.
The Pharaoh's men were chasing past. A hundred thousand fishy tales crossed his mind about
the day.
The child contestant put his vest on. The broken tablets had been mended. The golden
calf had been uprooted. The Pharaoh's men were in the middle of the night. The Pharaoh's
men were still in the middle of the night. And old folks sitting around the fire were
talking voices from the sky. Babies sailing down the Nile. The recipe for locust pie. A
hundred thousand frogs per mile, we'd always ask them to describe.
A child contestant put his vest on. They shout, not kill. They shout, not steal. Shout, not
commit adultery.
Boils the size of 50p
Lights! Camel! Action!
Bushes that refuse to burn
See these sand rolls hardly warm
Raining blood, raining bread
The night we painted Egypt red
Now shut that covet, shut that lie
Now shut that bonk, your neighbour's wife
The recipe for egg-dried lice
A hundred ways to kill a fly
Love your daddy, love your mummy
Put your bread and milk and honey
What is fishy diddy diddy
What is fishy diddy diddy
Never beat the wife and kids
Out through deserts, out through sand
Until we reach the promised land
Thou shalt not kill, thou shalt not steal
Shalt not commit adultery
Boils the size of 50p
Lights! Camel! Action!
Bushes that refuse to burn
Boils the size of 50p
Lights! Camel! Action!
Boils the size of 50p
Lights! Camel! Action!
Boils the size of 50p
