I come from Thebes, and the women of Thebes are warm-blooded, passionate, and we know what we want.
What?
The Soap Genius!
Powerful!
Soap Genius!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
The secret is obvious.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
There are Bobbies to my left, there are Bobbies to my right, there are Bobbies versus Bobbies
and they refuse to fight.
Yeah!
Hey!
You've heard the phrase, you know, uh, you know, oh man, yeah, he looked like he got
beat with the ugly stick.
Alright, or uh, yeah, no man, I've thoroughly been beaten with the tired stick.
Alright?
Yeah, well, uh, I've got an approach to mental health here.
Unless I've been getting hit, oh, I've got a little better at it.
Okay, so I of all the people in the studio today, uh, we were stopping by the guy that

So, uh, we started and it just sort of pretty easy, man, morene here, more goofy fun.
So, red slip Saturday evening.

What's up, Harry?
What's up, Catalina?

It's so amazing, the three of us Friday night together, eating lunch together in Taer ANDA.
Wow!
Everywhere I go it seems exceedingly easy to find
Some poor old fool who's miserable and imprisoned in his own mind
And it's always kind of pissed me off because there's no excuse
I've had it developed and tested a hell of a treatment for the blues
Every now and then I meet some sad self that I'd like to beat
With a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick
It came to me within a dream, one cold and restless night
Ten thousand souls in a deep dark hole and I possessed the light
And one by one they climbed on up a parade of misery
I had this big stick and each one I hit fell laughing to their knees
Ha!
My purpose here was suddenly clear I'd rock the earth spreading cheer
With a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick
And when I woke it dawned on me the stick was already mine
I got it at a yard sale about a mile down fifty-nine
And it must have been the stick that day when I smacked poor old Vince
He cracked a smile and said,
I'm not the first in a while but happy ever since
Hey Vince!
Come on up!
He used to be a mopey kid but that'll change when he got hit
With a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick
Now a family man and a CEO Vince owes it all to just one blow
From the happy stick, from the happy stick, from the happy stick, from the happy stick
Hey!
You!
Come here!
Hey!







Thank you.
Thank you.
With a happy stick, with a happy stick, with a happy stick.
Hey.
You.
Come here.
Thank you all very much.
That was great.
Yeah.
Try that at home.
Yeah, happy stick.
Just find a club and, you know, and try.
You know, if somebody's fucking miserable around you, just hit them.
Just hit them once.
See if it works.
And maybe it won't.
I can't promise, you know, the same results that I've had with the stick that I have.
But give it a try anyway.
Hit them with a happy stick.
That was St. Andrew the Impaled live at the X-Day Drill last July.
In fact, everything on this episode was recorded by Reverend Suds Bashaw or myself.
At the 18 X-Day Drill.
And best of all, each track is self-crediting.
Oh, here we go.
It's on now.
Who's the fool?
This is on.
The fool who follows him.
Because what?
Who's the fool?
Because this is Fid.
Julie.
Fid.
Julie.
Because what are y'all talking about?
What are y'all talking about?
Slack.
Some conspiracy member stole your Slack.
Some peep boy got on your nerves.
Hit you in that spot.
Well, let's talk about something important.
Okay.
Are they all here?
Yeah.
Are they all here?
Okay.
Well, I'm going anyway.
Let's talk about something important.
I know.
Okay?
All right.
Put that prop down.
What?
What?
No.
What?
You think I'm fucking with you?
Get off the stage.
What's wrong with you?
You think I'm fucking with you?
I am not.
I'm fucking with you.
What's your name?
Reverend Funny Name?
You call yourself a subgenius, you son of a bitch?
I am not fucking with you.
Because I'm here from Bob and Connie.
And I'm here on a mission of mercy.
Because the good news is, you're on a mission of mercy.
You're all fired.
I'm going home.
What's going on?
What's the bad news?
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
Oh, wait.
That was the bad news, right?
My first answer.
But the even better news is that you've all got, all of you have got until July 5th,
1998 to get your job back starting tonight, starting with tonight's rant.
Oh.
Have I got your attention now?
Good.
Because we're adding a little something to this X Day sales contest.
First prize is a trip on the saucers.
You all know that.
Second prize, you all want to see second prize?
Second prize is a prop stick.
Third prize is you're fired.
I want third.
How do you get third prize?
You can't all get third prize.
I'll take second prize.
But what really, what really is your project?
I could use some steak knives.
What really though is your project?
I mean, we talk about it a lot, about hey, what's your conspiracy job?
You know, what do you do for a living?
What do you do to earn a living, earn a paycheck?
And although it might be different from person to person, you know, I work at the thermometer
factory, take some of the mercury out of the






mercury to make sure it's still poisonous to, you know, infants and whatnot.
You may work at the nine volt battery testing station where you put it on your tongue and
make sure it still gives you that zippity do da that we all expect from our, you know,
top of the line nine volt batteries.
But regardless of what your conspiracy job is, what we say it is, when we know what we're
talking about in parlance and colloquialism, we all have the same conspiracy job.

We're all employed by the conspiracy to be pink.
No!
No, no, no.
What do you mean pink?
I'm employed by Bob to be pink.
They do.
That's your real con job.
Whatever, whoever gives you the paycheck, okay, that is not your true conspiracy job.
Your true conspiracy job is to buy into the conspiracy.
Okay?
At large.
You're supposed to look at the context as opposed to the subtext.
You're supposed to look at those posters of the people so happy at their jobs.
Hey, come work here.
Look at the smile on my face.
And buy into it.
Really, we all have the same conspiracy job.
And we're all employed by them.
And we can't get away from it because we are all in enemy territory.
We don't want to think about it right now.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
It's okay though, because you carry your kingdom with you.
The couple of dozen square centimeters underneath your feet that you take with you everywhere you go, that's your kingdom.
No matter how far you are behind conspiracy lines, no matter how deep in the depths of pinkness you may be,
you still carry that slack with you.
Everywhere you go.
Underfoot, above brain, subgenius.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Let me hear it.
Let me hear it.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise that face.
Just do whatever you want to that face.
He's going to kill Bob.
He'll kill Bob too.
You kill, you praise Bob right away, and then you kill Bob.
And you pee on his head.
You pee on his head.
I grabbed that and then look.
You know there's something that we can learn from our competitors as any good, strong salesmanly, salesmanly, shipley based organization should do.
Which is learn from their competitors.
And there's a guy named Judas you might be familiar with.
This guy, if it wasn't for him, you know, never sold Jesus out to the Romans,
there would never have been the salvation of all humanity.
But the important part is he made money in the process.
I mean, he got 30 shekels of silver propagating the entire salvation of all humanity.
What a bargain.
I think we can all learn from his example.
Take advantage of the guy that's already going to do it first.
I love you guys.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Give up your jam solos in the name of Bob
Give up your jam solos in the name of Bob
I commend you!
Give up your jam solos in the name of Bob
All your bass are belongs to Bob
Give up your jam solos in the name of Bob
Give up your rockin' beats, funky beats, your sandals to Bob
Give up your spiffy riffs, give up your cool tricks to Bob
Give up your bass solo, Sarah, make it hard to Bob
Give up your rhythm and all of your livin' to Bob
It's what Bob wants
It's what Bob gets
Give up your rhythm and all of your clothing to Bob
Give up!
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
door slams
Just when you forgot to laugh
laughter
doorbell rings
hear Mitch screaming
Oh, you even got a mic on me?
Where is Princess Wee?
Oh, where, where, where is Princess Wee?
Oh, how many times have I asked that question in my life?
This is the soundcheck part of the gig.
We're still at the soundcheck part.
I'm just telling you, man, I'm telling you, this is still the soundcheck part.
We're not actually in the performance part of the gig yet.
That's not what my script says.
This is the soundcheck?
I thought we were almost finished recording the album.
You see the challenges that a doctor faces.
Does this work?
Check, check, check.
He remembers the lyrics.
Check, yeah, that was the...
The soundcheck, the check, the bounce check.
The bad check.
But I gotta get over there to my instrument.
So, is our first song numbered?
And where is Princess Wee?
Where is Princess Wee?
Where is Princess Wee?
Where is Princess Wee?
Where is Princess Wee?
A random dollar.
We got a random dollar.
Hey, there's something we haven't done yet.
It's the important part of Dr. Float Hand in every revival and every act's type.
And he just handed me this dollar and it reminds me of what we haven't done yet.
You're supposed to tuck that in your pants, I think.
No, no, that's that dildo thing.
Oh, Dr. Drummond, remember what you do with the dollar?


Oh, Dr. Drummond, remember what you do with the dollar?
At the start of a subgenius show?
You set it on fire!
Because, dear friends, as long as the smoke from this dollar bill rises up into heaven,
that means the exes can smell that money burning.
They know there's somebody down here on Earth worth saving.
Or else...
That's probably one of the best spent dollars all night.
I can probably still smoke.
I've never been a part of that.
Don't call the fire marshal, please.
I thought it was making a joke, but now that I think about it, we actually did that.
Dance to the doctors or die!
Dance to the doctors or die!
Dance to the doctors or die!
Dance to the doctors or die!
Dance
to the doctors or die!
They're dropping on fly
Dance to the Dr. Morty
Die, die, die, die
Dance to the Dr. Morty
Die, he's a favorite
What is he?
Dance to the Dr. Morty
Die
Dance to the Dr. Morty
Die, die, die
Dance to the Dr. Morty
Die, die, die, die
Die, die, die, die
Die, die, die, die
Dance to the Dr. Morty
Dance to the Dr. Morty
Dance to the Dr. Morty
Dance to the Dr. Morty
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
just heard was first the Doctors for Wotan reunion last summer and then the original
version of the same song from 1980. And now, Priestess Pisces has some very important words
for newish subgeniuses. I could, you know, what I could do is I could, uh, I could tell some secrets.
Secrets. What? Tell what? Did you say secrets? Yeah, I could, uh, explain a little bit of secrets
to those who are brave enough to stick around. Secrets about who? Not really secrets about anyone
in particular per se, but one of the things that people get kind of confused about is, you know,
you'll have people who join the church, then some people get really butt hurt. And
I'm not sure if that's true. I'm not sure if that's true. I'm not sure if that's true. I'm not sure
A lot of people don't understand what gets you to that point. What, why are there some people who
get it and some people who don't? So let's talk about the fall of the Bobby and the making of
the kook. The Bobby in reality is just a pre-Overman, right? He's not yet fully developed.
Now, all Bobbies have the potential to become a true Overman or Uberfem.
What happens on the way? Well, that determines the final outcome. Many Bobbies have what is known
to the subgenius doctor community as studeo-tenarcanis, which, or eager puppy syndrome.
Symptoms of studeo-tenarcanis include annoying sycophancy, demands of attention,
and a tendency to think everything is the best idea ever. And it's usually not.
Okay. So, I'm going to go through a few of them. So, I'm going to go through a few of them. So,
to put it simply, eager puppies run about trying desperately to get established dogs to notice.
In truth, they are full of energy and they're really just looking for a spot in the group.
There are two ways that the subgenius community handles these eager puppies.
What is gentle training and coaxing? Where we take the eager puppy behavior,
we pull them aside and gently point out that,
as a matter of fact, good yes Cuando el chumel esicularly most
vulnerable, we help support it. If, as they say, we need my best voice because I might be a hungry melhor.
Have you heard the dog would have a perfect choices of integer?
Shout out to you權 there.
Wow. Oh, there it is. Nice dog, baby. There it is. Nice dog, there it is, right?
Watch out for it. Ask it. Can you? Take care of him right away.
As they move their figure, the dog will not follow them. That's why we feel like this boy with a flare on it.
like that puppy, all a Bobby wants is to be loved and accepted. Just like the puppy, the Bobby doesn't
mean to piss on the floor or break the vase. They're just not mature enough to understand it.
So what ends up happening is when approached with even the gentle coaxing or the full-fledged
aggressive stop being fucking annoying asshole type stuff, the Bobby comes to a crossroads.
A true good Bobby, one who was destined to become an overman at that point,
accepts the criticism in his heart and usually learns to sit down and shut the fuck up for a
little while, pay attention, and then in that process develops into an overman.
Let me digress for just a moment because there's another group outside of the
Eagerness Club that I'm going to talk about in a moment.
And that is the intelligent lurker. These are the guys who show up at X Day, we've never seen
them before, but they know everything about the Church of the Subgenius. They have read all of
the books. They listen to Hour of Slack on a weekly basis. They have gone through and watched
all the videos. They are often the archivist type of the Church of the Subgenius. Those actually are
the rare exception of the Church of the Subgenius. They are the ones who are the most intelligent
of a Bobby that skips growing stages and goes straight to overman.
Those are the, many of them are the emergentiles of the group. Some are, of course,
rewardians. Some of them end up hanging out in the background and deciding to run sound.
Some of them end up hanging out in the background and doing incredible art out of nowhere,
as Stang was speaking of before. However, what ends up happening with the other group,
those eager puppies, is the ones who can't take it.
The ones who can't take the general guidance or the ribbing, those become, unfortunately, the kook.
Because all I ever wanted was for Stang to acknowledge me because I like Bob, and Stang
didn't say hello to me, and then Sudds told me to shut up. And then mean old Pisces wouldn't
pay any attention to me. I would have been surprised if the Ch drone had gone by. I would have been

to me and and that's it i quit they're a bunch of they're a bunch of buttheads and and i hate
the church and you know what it's all wrong and and and it's just they suck they suck and i don't
like them and they're mean and they go on usenet or facebook and post a bunch of stuff about how
we all suck now i know there's some bobbies in the audience i can see you and i know this will
be on the radio later and i know they're listening the best guidance i can give you
bobbies the best guidance i can give any of you is take a moment and shut the fuck up
just a moment i'm not asking you to stay silent for the rest of your life i'm not asking you to
never participate in fact i'm saying the exact opposite i want you to participate i want you to
come up on stages like this one i want you to go to
devilement
i want you to be part of this organization but before you go up in a group of us
and put your foot in your mouth so far that shoelaces are coming out of your asshole
pause just for a moment pay attention and make sure utterly and completely sure
that you really get the fucking joke
now anyway
this is evolution control committee specifically trademark g if you're not familiar with him
you're in for a great treat if you are familiar with him well you're still in for a great treat
so without further ado prepare to be slightly mind fucked and uh just as a a slight introduction
here i uh this is something i have not done i've not performed any of this uh before uh that i'm
doing tonight um about 17 years ago i was a student at the university of california and i was a student
at the university of california and i was a student at the university of california and i was a student

the girlfriend i was with at the time told me you know pants are funny and she was right pants are
funny in like just about every context and after that i started djing under the name dj pants head
and i also had cheese and pants theater where i'd made a giant costume of a pair of pants
with the waistline above my head and that all began before any of that happened i had started
collecting samples
with the word pants. So spoken bits, musical bits, whatever. As long as pants
showed up in it somewhere, I was collecting it. And I've never done
anything with these samples. These have been used for nothing until tonight.
Tonight it's all about the pants. And that's my introduction.
Something about to lit me up like July. And with the millions in the pants, I couldn't help but cry.
We sick of these scams. Sick of these plans. Sick of this dance. Walked into his office, took the nine out my pants.
How about a pair of pink sidewinders and a bright orange pair of pants?
Then it's out into the night.
With their pride in their pants. With a slut that they tow underneath the street lamps.
Tell you to tell you to tell you to tell you to tell you to tell you to tell you to tell you.
I can barely fit my dick in my pants.
Went flashing on down to the swimming pool.
Give me a kiss.
I gave them critters a citation.
By the time we arrived it was too damn late. Them critters had all had their pants down.
Them dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog-dog- dog-dog-dog-dog- dog-dog-dog-dog- dog.
Don't think that you're charming. The fact that your arm is now around my neck.
Who got you in my pants. I'll have to kick your ass and make you never forget.
Kewit!
Duh duh duh.
Heart pain
Heart pain
We blasted Glasgow
Invaded France
I saw the Sweden
Shut down our pants
Are you still mad
I wore the pants
Most of the time
Knew you'd be a vision in white
Had to get your pants untied
Say, who wears the pants in your family anyhow?
Excuse me?
Don't make pants out of my skin!
Hey everybody, I'm taking off my pants!
The rolling hills are soothing
The wind isn't
I think my pants are falling down
Doesn't really trouble me here though
Eat my pants!
I'm a pants, pants, pants!
Saw the songs of the plaid bartenders
Western unions of the country westerns
Silver Fox is looking for romance
In the chain-smoked Kansas flash dance
Ass pants name
Whoops
Ray Ray
Ray Ray
Well, a beer won't get mad
If you come home real late
Or make you put pants on to eat
Wanna try a new kind?
Go ahead, it won't mind
Cause a beer doesn't care if you cheat
Ray Ray
Ray Ray
Raise the curtain
Lower the boom
I can't seem to find a pair of pants that rhymes
Maybe it's a pair of pants that rhymes
Sounds unorthodox
But you might do well by thinking like
A box
Why can't I get just one kiss?
Why can't I get just one kiss?
There'd be some things I wouldn't miss
But look at your pants and I need a kiss
Say
And they'll say I'm naive as well!
There's no way you can baby over a P twice
A lie is a big deal
I'm too low for that
So if I don't have a baseball bat
Well, I gotta go
Oh, hey, Thomas
O'Clay
What do you do when you use your video?
Non-وفhit
Oh, yeah

Oh, you don't want to hurt a person






Hey me
Those classics
Thoughts


Are you hungover?
Quite a bit




One
Arty farty
You'll never fool your auntie
Who knew you when you picked your nose and wet your pants
How did she know when she did that
One day in the canyon, no pants on her quim
A rattlesnake saw her and flung himself in
Charlotte the harlot gave the cowboys the frights
The only vagina that rattles and bites
This is Precious Roy, and I'm in the mood for pants
This is the big one, all right
This is Mr. Scary Pants
You do like to jump, but who would have thought you'd jump into somebody's pants
Not so fast, happy pants
Restaurant's on the other end
You can't shoot your pants there
Skip the goodbyes, where are my pants?
Luella
Luella
Luella
Luella
Luella
Ripped her zebra pants in the polo lounge
And Errol Flynn was not let in cause he was coming down
So he sits and lets the curve in take him
A gentle please will leave his pants in disarray
Cheek, cheek, cheek, cheek, cheek, cheek, cheek
In bed for once a day
I had a fun day
and grip on my pants.
Then I had me a girl from France
Just wanted to get in her pants.
We go to college, eat Christmas dance
We don't wear bras and we don't wear pants
We like to give the freshmen a chance
We are from Campus Hall
We're from the top of the class
We're from the top of the class
We're from the top of the class
Johnny had a habit
Didn't stand a chance
Walked right up behind him
Shot him in the pants
Johnny!
Little General
Napoleon
Son of France
Tried to conquer
The world but lost his pants
Made defeat
On a park track
That's when the
Someday
You'll be able to walk
Someday
You'll be able to talk
No more diapers
You will wear pants
You'll be able to sing
What? What? What? Where's my pants?
I know you wanna be grown up
So I brought you your very own pair of grown-upers pants
Do you like to try them on?
Don't stop now
You need some pants to go with that outfit
Yeah
Why'd you take his pants off, Sharon?
Why'd you take his pants off?
For $750, according to the World Book
What is the main reason your dog pants?
Because he can't talk dirty
Ha ha ha
She spins and pulls her pants down
The cold air holds her like a thief
She might even smoke no cigarettes
Ah
Play my guitar like Dickie
But
Get in Miss Shania's pants
I don't think I gotta check ass on his
Ass
Down
Down
Down
Down
Down
Down
Down
Last night she dressed me up in hip-hop pants
So
The fadgy style that rides below your ass
Crouch

Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out
Out


Out
Out

Out

Out


Out


Out Out Out Out
Dah
Not
It's
It's
Uh
My
My
Touch
Of
girl
I
Have
No
Grain
To
Go
Oh
rete
流
Be
Though he's a fool, he wets in his pants, and he falls off a stool.
He falls off a stool.
Knew you'd be a vision in white.
How'd you get your pants so tight?
How'd you get your pants so tight?
How'd you get your pants so tight?
Now my friends say to me, Eddie, Eddie what do you think of the new double knits?
Eddie, what do you think of the new double knits?
And I tell them, I'll tell you something frankly my friends,
when the new double knits first came out, I was not impressed.
But as you can see, these pants I'm wearing are double knit,
they stretch in all the right places.
Oh, that number scared the pants off me.
Are you sure you didn't just forget to put them on again?
And I suppose this is the on button.
No, that's the button that makes Beaker's pants fall off.
That's the button that makes Beaker's pants explode.
Beaker, go change your pants.
Come along.
This is what I was wearing.
Well, then they had to put it on your pants.
So I put it on my pants.
What's the deal?
They say, look here, smarty pants.
And let us not forget, look here, smarty pants is what democracy is all about.
The pants, the ones in the pants.
Pull up the pants.
This room costs $2,000 a month.
You can believe it, man, it's true.
Somewhere a landlord's laughing till he wets his pants.
The hip parade, great train, the saving hawkers dance.
Pedal pushers, duck tails hanging, begging your pants.
So here I am in the alleyway.
I want a cash in my pants.
I get paid by a ten.
Now we go steady to the pictures.
I always get chocolate stains on my pants.
Here comes the blind commissioner.
They've got him in a trance.
And he's tied to the tightrope walker.
The other is in his pants.
We were sitting in the backseat just shooting the breeze.
With our hair up in curlers and our pants to our knees.
Dead man with no eyes, won't you look at me tonight.
Tell me why I look good.
With my pants all so tight.
She'll, she'll beg, she'll, she'll, she'll, she'll beg you to come to the country dance.
You ride 20 miles for the big romance.
She shows up in her brother's pants.
What did you expect?
The New York Times should grow a beard and take off its pants.
We must act now.
It's so bad.
They're so poor that some families have to share a single pair of pants.
Who gets the wearer?
If you have jump, you wear the pants.
Oh, wow.
Pants that are too tight or a skin tight shirt may look like a million.
But you'll bowl like two cents.
Did you see what I just saw?
What?
Oh, pull your pants up, Roddy.
Don't you want to live forever?
Not if drawstring pants come back into style.
My pants feel like they're shrinking too.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Pants around the ankles?
Oh, that's great.
I think it's meant to do as much as we need to, though.

It's great for the You 어려y withِ






relies too much on the


to be nosy but I went into a bank to get some bail for a-rab and all the boys back in the tank
they asked me for some collateral and I pulled down my pants
my my the time to fly when it's in another pair of pants
I remember Ruby she always dressed in red
wearing skin-tight pants lord and how she could dance with a rag wrapped around her head
I've never must a crease in your blue search pants
I never
get the chance this is a fine romance
you're talking about me
and your pants are up
we're re-
we're re-
hello my name is Nigel and I don't have any pants on
sitting in the garden in the shade
sitting in the garden
with my little puppy
I named him
I named him
King Tester
we're at we're at we're at we're at we're at
we're at strangling
you can't angle us
I know you're listening
I caught you pissing your pants
you're scared of pissing us
the crowd is missing us
we're on a
when the rabbit of chaos is pursued by the ferret of disorder through the fields of anarchy
it is time to hang your pants on the hook of darkness
did your mother tell you anything else today?
did she give you any instructions today?
yeah
what'd she tell you?
to keep my pants pulled up
it's Elzar again
oh my god I'm so excited I wish I could wet my pants
take it easy big boy
I still want to know how many female pants you've been in before you've got me to take mine off
but that was merely prelude of what was to come
then in 1997 even more complex formations occurred
and I'm not wearing any pants right now
if I knew you were coming I would have put on pants
buy my potato powered pants
what?
suckers
no I'll do a dance I'll knock your pants off
what store are we going to go to?
Marvin's
where then?
what are we going to buy at the store?
pants
pants?
for mommy?
yeah
and that's it thank you very much
that felt much quicker than I actually thought it was going to be I had no idea how long it was I didn't even time it out
anyway that's it that's all I got
an amazing gym
thank you very much
xenopathy
the error Sudoku
so many homophobic faces


And everything is fixed and you can't change it.
So yeah, it's about pants.
What did I say?
Down with pants.
Up with skirt.
Sideways with pants.
You're wearing too many pants.
Take off your pants.
Without no pants on.
Oh, that's our motto.
Well, some of us, not me exactly.
The music tonight was mostly Six-Fisted Tales of Connie,
the X-Day Jam Band,
including Reverend Angry Larry of the Amino Acids,
Bishop Stick, Reverend Rock God,
Reverend Hazel of the Windmills,
Reverend Finn Chooley,
Trademark G from Evolution Control Committee,
Reverend Sinfultimus Ex Mortis,
Reverend Shover,
Rev 80,
Lord Ferg,
Reverend Suds Bashaw,
Dr. Philodrum and Overman,
and on vocals,
Pisces,
Finn Chooley,
and DJ Gravity.
Praise Bob!
I went out to the package liquor store the other day
to get some rolling papers
to make some prop sticks.
And I say to the guy,
Hey, do you have any Topps rolling paper?
And he says, no, we don't have any Topps rolling paper.
And I said, do you have any zigzag rolling papers?
And he says, no, we don't have any zigzag rolling papers.
And I said, do you have any Mackwoods,
cigars that I can break into some sort of disgusting clip
and have to force myself to choke down?
And he says, no, we're out of those too.
And I said, what do you have?
What do you have?

So this guy, he looks at me and he says,
I've got for you one gigantic piece of aluminum foil.
And what you can do is fashion it into a bowl
and I'll crude fashion around a pencil
like some sort of retarded five-year-old in the craft museum.
And you can deject yourself
to using human garbage to smoke your drugs.
I say to the guy,
I'm not a guy.
So you're just going to give this to me?
And he said, no, we're going to charge you $5.
So I gave him $5 and I went home to smoke my prop.
And is it any coincidence at all?
Is it any coincidence at all that the name tag of the man
behind the counter at the back is Liquor Star?
Stan Bob!
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry,
Hour of Slack.
For free information,
write to P.O. Box 181.
P.O. Box 181.
417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Or see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob!
And make sure you subscribe to the channel.
And hit the notification bell.
And if you're watching this on YouTube,


And I hope this is a good show for you.
And I hope you're going to find some of the best things
that are going to happen to you.
And I'm Bob.
And I'm Bob.

And I'm Bob.
And I'm Bob.
And I'm Bob.



didn't have any Subgenius's to make their
own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference,
even if it's only once a month,
from enough of you.
50 bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way
of Steve jobs, if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to
Subgenius Foundation
P.O. Box 181417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Thanks for anything you can do to help Let There Be Slack.
