S is for the suckers that live all around.
U is for us, they're always putting us down.
B is for Bob, he gives us our bread.
G is for the guns they put to your head.
E is for the eunuchs they want you to become.
N is for the nuts, they wish they had some.
I is for that eye in the back of my head.
U is for you, they wanna see you dead.
S is for the shit that's all around.
I'm a subterraneous motherfucker and I ain't no fucking clown.
And it comes down the street like a garbage wagon.
So their brains may live on forever.
Fresh venison.
Or has he created another?
Suck it, monstrosity.
Suck it, monstrosity.
If you wanna cast a spell, you gotta use one of the magic words.
Perhaps the most famous one is a tits.
It's a very old word. It first turned up in a second century poem.
Another famous one is GET THE FUCK OUT!
Which has been around since at least the 17th century.
Ts-a-neem-hoke.
Hoke S-s-est.
Corpus Meum.
Spoken during the Roman Catholic Mass.
When the lion and the wafer are said to be transformed into the
Bullshit!
Other magic words are
Bull!
Damn it!
And
FUUUUUCK!
But to me, the most magical words are
I'm coming!
Bom, would you have the convenience of the smoke?
And all your rank?
Anytime.
your mother yeah all good stuff saloon ball shank lipstick on the tips and no
gumming lovely so many people are invalids or perhaps in their grave
because of this filthy dirty stinking weed
from this moment you will become anti-smoking
I hope as anti as I hate it loathe it despise this filthy weed for what it can
do think of it
horrible and dirty from this moment you are no longer a slave to that filthy weed
that you have buried mentally for good and all
I think the goddamn terror the fucking gods out of my nose I'm part of my
language but let the sons of God and man bear witness even in the belly of the
Thunderbird I've been casting out the false prophets I'm bustin I got and
blow my own ring and right to go alone but I speak only the fucking truth and
never in my days have I spoke other than for my every utterance is a lie
including this very one you hear I say
fuck it
fuck it
they can't take your joke by God anything for a laugh I say I am the
last remaining homo correctus I am the goddamn man of the future I'll drive a
mile so not just to walk a foot I am the human being of the first goddamn water
yes I am the javelina-humping junkie the jumped the men from mars I drank the
devil on the seven tables I am too intense to die I am fuel of the acts of
God and Satan I was shagged by boneless
fiends and alien Jews in my corporate galaxy and got away with their hookahs
I cannot be tracked on radar. I swear nothing uniform. I wear God no, God no, no goddamn uniform. I tell you right now, I was suckled by a tricytopsis. I gave the antivirgin a high-protein tassel wash. I'm a bacteriological weapon. I'm armed and I'm loaded. I'm a fission reactor. I fight plutonium.
Power plants are fueled by the sweat from my brow. When they plug me in, the lights go out and honk, fucking, conk. I weigh 666 pounds and zero gravity. Come and get me, motherfucker. I sign retired space baby bastards across the cosmos. I cook and eat my death. Yahoo! I am the unshaven thorn tree of the Atlantis Zoo. I pay no motherfucking taxes, goddamn.
Shit! Piss! Pee!
Yo!
Your own damn ass! The devil's hands are my ideal playground. I hold a seven-bladed windbreaker. The wheels are turned on behind me. I think backwards. I do it for fun, motherfucker. I do it for motherfucking fun. My imagination is a fucking canter. And I'll poke it before it pokes me, goddamn.
They say a godzillion is the highest number there is. Well, by God, do I do count a godzillion and one? Yes, I'm the purple flower of hell county. Give me wide berth. When I drop my drawers, mother nature.
I use a python for a prophylactic. I'm thicker, harder, and meaner than the Alaskan pipeline, and I carry more spew.
Yes, I'll freeze your seed before it hits the bathroom floor.
Yee! Yee!
I kidnapped the future and ransomed it for the past. I made breath wilt the tree of life.
I left my spore on the rock of ages.
Who'll tear the flesh with me? Who'll split their juice?
Who'll guard with me? Whose candle will I fight out?
Woo! Woo! I'm ready! I'm ready, daddy! Take the job, daddy! I'm ready!
Step aside, all you butt-limb, neurotic, insecure, bespectacled slabs of whip-meat.
I'm a crime-fighting master criminal. I am not insane!
You hear me, motherfuckers? Not insane!
I'm a screamer and a laugher. I make a spectacle of myself. I am a psych!
God damn, my physical type cannot be classified by science.
My familiar is a picture-exact life. I feed him dipshits.
I communicate with our...
...wiser strengths.
I am a thuggy. I ain't feeding the togs.
I have the evil eye. I carry the mojo bag.
I swear in the Bermuda Triangle, it didn't get wet!
I circumcise dinosaurs with my tips and make them leave a tip.
I change tires with my tongue and my tool.
Every night I hook up a lunger and extinguish the sun!
The sun goes right out of the atmosphere, you quip!
I'm the Big Buddha Devil of level 14.
Who'll come shoot me?
Where's the robot giant who'll try to blow me down?
I pack in the brownies of the guard.
I leak the blood from my nether pods.
Opiates are the mass of my religion.
I take drugs!
Yes! I'm a ripstone!
I cram coca leaves right into the arm veins before they print out the tree!
Space monsters cringe at my tread.
I wipe the pyramids off my shoes before I enter my house.
I'm fuel-injected.
I live forever and remember afterwards.
I'm immune. I'm radioactive.
Come on! Give me cancer! Give me cancer!
I'll spit up the tumor and butter my bread with the juice!
I'll spit up the tumor and butter my bread with the juice!
I'm supernatural!
I'm supernatural!
I've been crow-viled with my meat, axe, and thumb!
My eye droppings bolt through the earth
and erupt from kuzum-china.
Yes! I can drink more wine and stay sober
than all the heathen Hindus in Asia!
Yee-hoo!
God, blow out!
I am a moray eel!
I am a Komodo dragon!
I am a killer whale befitted of its pup!
I have a triple jack bone!
I was desired by the movement!
Give me all, all, all your slack!
I told Jesus I wouldn't go to church
and he shook my hand!
I am my own personal savior!
I change him every hour!
I don't give a fuck if there's life after death!
I want to know if there's any fucking slack after death!
I am a goddamn visionary!
I see the future and past in comic books and wine bottles!
I eat black holes for breakfast!
I bend my jeans and whittle in my DNA
with a shift!
I am the force of my mighty will!
I steal my own goddamn evolution!
I ran out of heaven and sold it to hell for a profit!
Goddamn it!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
I am enlightened!
I achieved Nevada and took it home with me!
Yee-hoo!
I am so ugly this meal of light
can't slow me down and gravity won't
tug at my cuffs!
When the rapture comes, I'll make them wait!
They'll never clean my cage!
I'm gonna go ahead and do the credits
without music.
Oh, yes, that was
Brother Cleve Donut Duncan reciting
The Brag of the Subgenius,
which is by yours truly, Reverend Stein.
That was actually the very first thing
that I ever put together
for Bob.
Off the 1980s
Subgenius album, Bad
Doctors. My personal favorite.
That's a lot of people's personal favorites.
Before that,
the saloon
bar shag business, I don't know who
it is really, but Slackmaster
Castro submitted it.
We started also with Brother Cleve
doing the Subgenius alphabet.
Those were the days,
as was yesterday, come to think of it.
Or am I thinking of last week? I don't know.
I'm at Dr. Philo Drummond's
overhouse
this week.
And, um,
I still haven't listened to the Puzzling Evidence
show that we did.
It's good!
That's why this is Hour of Slack number
fourteen hundred
point five triple
X. An X-rated
for language.
Internet only special
show, and it's mostly
X-rated X-Day 15.
As we
go back to the Wisteria
campground in 2012
for some not for
kids jams, rants, and
potty poetry.
Oh yes.
I can hear that there's at least four
people out there, and they're all assholes.
So this must
be X-Day.
I fucked
an old gal by the graveyard.
God damn
whore per
soul she was dead.
The worms
crawled out of her eyeballs, and the
hair slid off of her head.
Once I'd
finished my business,
I seen I'd
committed a sin.
And so from my pocket, I pulled
out a straw, and sucked
out the load I'd shot in.
And I was

bit
more

a
little
girl.
I was
a little
bit
more
than
a
little girl.
Going to the mall was fabulous.
And Ginny said that
she felt that
boys should be nicer to her,
but not
just treat her like a piece of ass.
Then Betty said to me, you know,
I just don't understand
why you can't be normal like the other
girls. And Betty said
to me, you know,
I just wish you were
a little more pretty.
A little more
skinny.
Have you tried
the new Cover
Girl Foundation?
I hear there's a
sale on at the Gap.
Betty can't understand why I don't give a
flying fuck about
that.
Nothing
worse in this world
than a paint girl.
Nothing worse in this world
than a paint
girl.
Debbie said to me, she said, I don't want you
talking to
her. And
Debbie said to me, I don't think I like
the cut of your jib.
And Debbie said to me, I'm gonna
kick your ass if you start shit with
me.
But that's not
what Debbie did.
And then Jessica
said, you know,
I don't,
why do people get tattoos?
And then Jessica said to me,
why don't you go to church like
everyone else does on Sunday?
But I don't.
And neither do you.
And boys,
I've got a message for you.
You've got a choice in this world,
boys,
and I know there's not a lot of us
superfims around, but
if these paint girls
bug me,
even half as much as they
bug you,
they're not worth the time.
Do not
put your
wang in pink
snatch.
Fuck the paint girls.
And fuck the pink boys.
They're nothing more than conspiracy
toys.
pense a peacock
when they're
прис曼ah
addictive

uet
your
Sec I
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
This is Tranquility Base.
The Eagle has landed.
Jesus H. Christ.
Houston.
We're on the fucking move.
Over.
Roger, Tranquility.
We copy that.
We cannot believe you are on the fucking move.
Repeat, cannot fucking believe it.
Over.
You're cleared to hook up lunar equipment conveyor to walk, fucking walk on the moon.
Over.
Over.
Holy.
Holy.
Living.
Fuck.
Are you fucking believing this?
Over.
We read you.
Over.
I am so fucking glutely am standing on the surface of the fucking moon.
Am talking to you from the surface of the fucking moon.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.


Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.

Jesus.




I saw that!
Oh my!
Bye!
Bye!
Bye!
...
Fucking moon.
That's all I got.
Oh boy.
This one seems to be having a problem.
This could mean a thimbletronic leap of causing the thimbletronic radiation leak.
Please, I just want you to be aware for your own health and your own safety.
That was the Evolution Control Committee live at 50 next day with help from The Onion.
Before that, the Pink Girl song was Priestess Pisces improvising with Reverend Angry Larry, Suds Bishaw, and many others.
The first night of the festival, I believe.
This is a subgenius end of the world festival we're talking about.
When they know the world is ending, people tend to do and say things that they might not under normal circumstances.
So true.
Sometimes this upsets other people.
For instance, Dr. Drummond here, his presentation at 60 next day may have ruffled some feathers.
I'm sorry.
This is the Boys Will Be Boys.
They're kind of bad when they get together.
You're not sorry.
No.
I'm not sorry.
You really hope it ruffles some feathers.
Yeah.
That was the intent, I guess.
Now this next reading is by me and little Ivan Stang and Stern Elkekaver.
Back when we were just tiny little children.
We're supposed to snap like a bogey or something?
No, you could snap if you want.
That's fine.
You hear the progression of the frop enhancement.
As the reading goes on here.
This is called Boys Will Be Boys.
Chapter one.
The Mooney problem.
Once upon a time when the Moonies were fixing him his four sliders,
Philo accidentally shat his pants when he farted what he thought was a completely gaseous fart.
Ignorantly, the Moonies continued to fix the four sliders into infinity.
Using secret techniques developed by Lepidomane,
Philo maneuvered the material to the moon.
He then used the material back up into his own anal passage,
thereby storing it to further ferment,
somehow allowing him the opportunity to fuck it when it would be totally ready.
While he was vigorously disenfranchising a pile of rejected anal fissure tissue
and making a big deal out of wearing his new garments,
Philo deduced that banking his own anal squat droppings
was the most prudent and economically stabilizing move he could make in the current financial climate.
So who's the Mooney?
While half-heartedly fucking the aforementioned pile of rejected anal tissue,
as Wanda was eating their fuck in the next county over,
there was, after all, plenty of fuck to eat.
So they decided to pass on the sliders for the time being,
continually being offered much to the Mooney's chagrin.
As the loudspeaker rang out,
we fuck at their shit.
Chapter two.
Your mom's fat ass.
Two counties over.
While contemptuously eating their fuck,
he, Philo, and Wanda's illegitimate bastard son
dreamed in vain of someday fucking the shit out of an entire squat dropping pie festival.
But, after half-heartedly pie-fucking the neglected squat droppings,
the anal fissure rejection tissues just didn't seem to be worth a damn to him anymore.
Meanwhile, his mom continued endlessly,
relentlessly ringing that damn doorbell,
relentlessly striving to get in and sell someone some more Avon products,
while he was fucking the bucket full of rejected anal tissue, if possible.
After all, she was whipping the fuck out of the act of eating their collective fuck.
Later, Philo shat at the woman next to him in line at the fuckery about eating their fuck later on that evening.
Oh, don't worry, we have an ample supply of toiletries for those hard-to-reach areas, he assured her.
That night at the office, Philo was sitting in the back of the car, looking at the wall, and he saw a woman.




As he walked out to the door...
Philo continued to soak his butt in a bucket of anal fissure tissue,
while weaving a bellybutton-lint sweater,
when just one last thread between the spaces of the face
and his return lap, without the slightest twinge of pee, he re-decided again to eat his own fuck.
He still had no idea his mom was eating his fuck in the next county over.
In fact, to get the most money for his slacked-fucks, he would have to re-eat the re-shat fuck pie.
And not a pack of flies,
the panic that at this moment any of the dijakate hagumovs would want up loaves in the dirt room.

and was more than satiated with fuck, he murmured,
we fuck on their shit, as he farted shit with his dick.
Haphazardly removing his damn garments,
and absentmindedly butt-sucking the regurgitated fuck vomit pie,
and again utilizing the tried-and-true disenfranchised butt-split moony
and his fuck-sucking techniques,
he double-re-fucked the puke fuck that he'd eaten
and sucked it back up into the warm, comfortable depths of his own butt.
After regurgitating the fuck,
re-eating it and defecating on it again,
not necessarily in that order,
he elected to take another nap,
but not alongside random homeless guy and pee-bear himself,
still carrying his smelly barrel of decayed, cast-off dicks,
also formerly used to fuck buckets of anal fissure tissue.
Seemingly unkind,
he nevertheless ate the whole barrel of dicks.
Chapter 6, Disenfranchising the Rejected Anal Fissure Tissue
Suddenly, he remembered he had run completely out of garments.
Not to be dismayed,
Philo absentmindedly made a mental note to himself.
After gathering enough belly-button-blint sweat to make another sweater,
Philo elected instead to make a big old pair of shit pants.
After he had devoured the entire quantity of fuck that had been shit that day,
he resumed methodically fucking the rejected necrotic anal fissure tissues
until he puked the fuck back onto his own dick
and gazed dreamily into the pool of lap-fuck vomit.
He was struck with the realization he would simply re-re-re-eat
the hideous aforementioned piles with a straw,
while simultaneously re-re-fucking it slash them.
After strenuously fucking the shit out of Philo,
re-fucking the regurgitated fuck,
the fuck decided to re-eat itself,
thus reintroducing the fuck back through its own alimentary canal.
Care maggot, vomit ultrasaurus, junior butt pain,
and nose-hair dwarf had just joined in and were fucking
when Philo realized it was time to butt-suck the anus-excreted fuck
that he had already re-vomited back up into his own dick.
Butt-dicking the regurgitated shit
and utilizing a disimpeded butt-split Scientologist
and his merciless fuck-sucking techniques,
he unflinchingly re-fucked the dick-shit that he had so valiantly eaten
and sucked back up into his own nipple.
After vomiting up the pee, a blessed respite from his travails,
re-eating it and post-felching it again,
he elected to take a nap.
After the anguish of peeing those selfsame necrotic squat-fuckings,
the urethral fissure, and the pain of the penis,
Philo's fissure-rejection tissues no longer seemed worth a pee,
for after all the endless butt-sucking in their respective fucks,
Philo had to again, sneakily, re-shit it all into a fuck-bucket
already half-filled with necrotic pee-slash-tit-soakings
and rejected shit-fisher cum-dumps.
Suddenly he realized he was soaking his butt in the cum-dump of anal dick tissues.
When, without the slightest twinge of pee,
Philo's fissure-rejection tissues were completely re-declined,
he decided to eat his own fuck again.
Chapter 11
So what did actually happen?
Well, Philo shat the pee vomit that he'd previously and oh-so-carefully
butt-sucked back up into his own rejected booger shit-tissues,
and after butt-sucking their snot-fuck,
he monotonously continued to shit it discreetly into a cum-bucket,
already half-filled with necrotic subgenius squat-butt-fuckings.


He then re-declined his own cum-dumps,
and rejected anal urethra vaginas.
Though he was grooming his butt passage,
and simultaneously categorizing it in another room,
Voodoo Booger and Oosie Cloaca ate their own nay-nays in petulant silence.
Bung Monkey, nevertheless, continued to urinate on the electric guitar,
obliviously shocking the living pee out of himself,
yet even after Philo had fully devoured the fuck,
he pi-peed the unrejected,
necrotic puke-tissues,
even while de-pee-fucking both of them,
seemingly unperturbed,
Care-Ass's mom, Pet-Mom,
continued to methodically pick the peanuts out of Bung Monkey's shit
in order to gin out gallons of shit-peanut brittle.
After vomiting up the rather expensive imported fuck,
re-eating it again, and fucking it again,
Philo elected to take a nap alongside Pee-Bee
and his newly-arrived shipment of barrels of out-of-date Oosie Dick anuses.
Philo politely refused,
and turned his head to spit the fart that he'd previously held back in his own anal-mouth aperture.
Even his maggot-hair eco-swagger fixed him his four sliders again,
and pulling them back into her distended anus while simultaneously re-de-fucking them out again,
meanwhile, Philo was forced to invent a time machine, and fast.
Finally, after going back in time,
Philo, in order to obfuscate a future lawsuit,
while butt-fucking the Moonies as they fixed him his four sliders,
changed his name to Bung-Hole Hair Pie,
and shat the fart he'd previously butt-sucked back up into his own previously-rejected anal fissure tissues,
the whole time babbling coded messages to the woman next to him in line at the Safeway about déjà vu.
The end.
And now I think the, uh,
not quite yet, the amino acids will be here.
They're still on over Seattle or something.
Can we get a little bit more noise for Philo?
Philo!
Philo!
Philo!
Philo!
It's okay, honey.
I love you.
Now, some of you may need to change your pants.
I love you.
Anal fissure changes.
And I think that was a very educational lesson on anal fissures.
Are you okay, Mandy?
Anal fissure changes.
Something is wrong with fat Mandy, and she can't stop saying anal fissure.
I love you.
As we say in the church, you can break some of the things some of the time,
or the subgenius can break all of the things all of the time.
Philo said, Doctor, I broke my dick.
Doctor said, Philo, I'm gonna have to cut your dick off.
Philo said, then you'd better cut it down to the motherfucking bone,
because if you leave any meat, I'm gonna fuck right on.
Eh.
What's wrong, Suds?
Uh, I, I went and fucked up.
You fucked up?
Yeah, I fucked up. See?
There was, I had this whole thing planned out, and then I went and did a bad thing.
See, a few years back, uh, somebody close to me learned an important lesson.
That, uh, she, we, Monkeyhide was getting ready to do its first, uh, thing at, at X Day.
And we were backstage, you know, getting dressed, and Pisces, we'd worked out this whole number.
She was gonna sing a song with us, and she walks up and, uh, she's like,
uh, we're mere moments from going on, and she comes running up to me with this look of panic on her face.
And she goes, I, I can't go on stage with you.
And I'm like, why? What, what happened?
She goes, Philo came up to me with a bowl.
I said, say no more.
I was completely effed.
So, there's this song out there that, when she told me that story, it popped in my head,
and I was like, oh, I've gotta do this some X Day.
Uh.
But then, on the way up here, Philo intercepts me.
Suds!
And, well, let's see if I can actually get through this.
Hmm.
I always heard that his herb was top shelf.
I just could not wait to find out for myself.
Don't knock it till you tried it.
Well, I tried it.
I tried it, my friend.
And I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
I learned a hard lesson at Ohio Town.
He fired up a frop stick and he passed it around.
But the last words I spoke before they talked me in,
was I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
My X Day's all over before it began.
You could pour me some old whiskey, River, my friend.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
Up at the big house after the fifth.
The party's just started and he rolled up a spliff.
Alone in the front room, just me and him.
With one parting puff, getting creeper set in.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
My X Day's all over before it began.
You could pour me some old whiskey, River, my friend.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
My X Day's all over before it began.
You could pour me some old whiskey, River, my friend.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
Now we're up at the big house and passing the guitar and I'm really stoned.
We're passing the guitar and telling good jokes.
I know one's a-coming cause I'm smelling smoke.
No I do not partake, I just let it pass by.
With a smile on my face and a great smile.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
My X Day's all over before it began.
You could pour me some old whiskey, River, my friend.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
Everybody!
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
My X Day's all over before it began.
You could pour me some old whiskey, River, my friend.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
You could pour me some old whiskey, River, my friend.

In the fetal position with drool on my chin.
I fucked up and smoked frop with Philo again.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
I'll never smoke frop with Philo again.
It's really funny because I came up here and he goes,
you never guessed just what happened to me
right before I was gonna do that song.
Well I don't know about you,
but I hope I get to smoke frop with Philo again.
Every now and again I find myself in this strange part of the world
known as the Bay Area.
I don't know if you've been out to the Bay Area,
but the Bay Area, they're different out there.
They function a little more freely than the rest of the world.
And it's a beautiful thing.
It's a beautiful thing, but every Thursday at 4 a.m. Pacific Time,
my very good friend Puzzling Evidence and Philo and Dr. Hal,
they converge on a little radio station called KPFA.
And they're all like, oh, I'm gonna smoke frop with Philo again.
And it's a wonderful thing.





and a Berkeley there where the hippies come from.
And what we do is if I'm in town, I get to join him
and what you do is you gotta show up to the radio station at 2.30.
Nobody's got a cell phone.
So you just have to hope that he's gonna show.
and eventually puzzling evidence rolls in with this giant truck
Dr. Hal and Philo shows up
and we put the hour of slack on, see
we put the hour of slack on for oh about an hour
and then we go up to the roof
where we frop heavily
with that fancy medicinal frop
and it's a beautiful thing
and then at that point it's like 4.45, 5 in the morning or something
and we're on the air live and people are calling in
and half the time the auxiliary vocal booth
doesn't have lights so I'm sitting there in the dark
stoned out of my ever-loving gourd
and I'm sure the shows are archived but I know I don't want to listen to them
because if I do I'm afraid that I too
will be singing I'll never smoke frop
with Philo again
I don't want that to be the case because that man has a yodeling pickle
so please
I'll give
I'll give


a big praise to Philo and his yodeling pickle
that hurts
okay thanks to Reverend Fat Man D for sharing with us
and to Reverend Frodus Suds Shaw
for that Willie inspired song
I'll Never Smoke Frop
with Philo again
man how I wish I could say that
I was so inspired by that
I don't have any
it's a good
it's kind of
a good idea that I threw this show together
while I was here with you
because this has you all over it
Dr. Drummond
oh thank you
kids you can learn to cough like Captain Drummond
let's see okay now
a truly horrible song from several fisted tales of Connie
the X-Day ever-changing jam band
I think this one has Dr. Sinister on drums and other things
Reverend Angry Larry on guitar and sing ranting
with Pisces
oh it's a good thing we didn't bring your daughter in here to help with this
yeah
because this is a piece I like to call
the Bob Cox song
oh yeah
Bob
put it with
promise on deck
Bob
put it with
promise on
penis
through his own deck
Bob
put it with
through his own deck
Bob
Bob
Bob
put it with
through his own
deck
Leila
and it
too fueled to the light by a good
It's aunt
here
Realized and you Gordon Gordon was the only way that he can relieve himself and his own
Only way that he could rewrite

so these yeah
how to be ready for mistakes
dotta
My
or anything like that, like I'm talking about
Pony Express here.
G Gordon Gordon had said,
could you please piss for me about a month's worth?
You might want to flush or get the city in
to come on out and clean out your drains
because I got a big piss coming on.
Bob had been drinking beer that night heavy.
Cheap beer, he was drinking Milwaukee's Pest
and it was getting more and more pressure upon him.
He meant, G Gordon Gordon,
please, please release this
intense, horrible pressure building.
He sent out the call again and Gordon,
Gordon didn't answer.
He sent out the call again
and Gordon didn't answer.
G Gordon next night he got a call from Eric
on schedule, thought he had been
sent on to34BJHU, into Mt.
ÖK, to address.
Well yeshire.
Ah Ari.
RiM 쳬 Over.
At the sun
Get out
Bob
Bob finally realized that he could piss from his own dick.
So he got a hold of D. Gordon Gordon and said,
Hey, you know, I don't need you pissing for me anymore.
Because I can do it by myself.
Consider the penis.
Um, okay.
Penis, penis, penis, penis, bob, bob, bob.
Penis, penis, penis, bob, bob, bob.
Penis, penis, penis, penis.
Consider the penis.
Bob, bob, bob.
Penis, penis, bob.
Penis, bob, bob, bob, bob, bob, bob.
Penis, penis, penis, penis, bob, bob, bob, bob, bob.
It's such a large member, it just would never fit in such a small package.
Oh, your penis is so powerful.
I'm coming.
Okay, thanks.
Get off me now.
Whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa.

I knew it was wrong.
When he tried to get my bone.
But he'd beg and beg and plead.
All the while on his knees.
I told him I preferred vagina over the producer of diarrhea.
But I don't know what to do right now.
Because I'm in love with a Catholic priest.
He's got me down on my knees.
Catholic has a new meaning.
I'm in love with a Catholic priest.
He's got me down on my knees.
Catholic has a new meaning.
I asked him why I had to lick his asshole.
He said,
The Bible says so.
He lured me in with gum.
Then he baptized me with his cum.
I'm not saying I'm complaining.
But it took a while to get the nut stains off my butt.
I scrub and scrub but the sin just won't come clean.
But I'm in love with a Catholic priest.
He's got me down on my knees.


Catholic has a new meaning.
I'm in love with a Catholic priest.
He's got me down on my knees.
Catholic has a new meaning.
He converted me.
Where it's dirty.
He converted me alright.
He converted me.
Where it's dirty.
He converted me alright.
He said I've been a bad boy.
As he punished me with ash joy.
He converted me alright.
I'm in love with a Catholic priest.
He's got me down on my knees.
Catholic has a new meaning.
I'm in love with a Catholic priest.
He's got me down on my knees.
Catholic has a new meaning.
He converted me.
Where it's dirty.
He converted me alright.
He converted me alright.
He converted me alright.
He converted me alright.


That song was by Dead Body Sex.
Sex spelled S-E-C-T-S.
And before that, a collage by Ministry of Slack.
Thanks to Ministry of Slack.
And now, for about 10 minutes, I'm going to sing a song called,

We'll hear an uncut recording of the amazing self and others mutilation performance at X Day
by sideshow marvel, St. Andrew the Impaled of Pittsburgh.
I believe that Fat Mandy is setting up a Pittsburgh revival for April, maybe,
with us and her and Andrew and Tommy Amoeba, I'm sure.
But now, Andrew.
I'm going to turn this stage over to a deranged young man,
we in Pittsburgh call him the Prince of Pierogi.
We call him Pittsburgh's premier pain-proof clown.
You may call him Andrew the Impaled.
Thank you Mandy, thank you. That was lovely.
My goodness, that was absolutely terrific.
It is an absolute thrill to be out here at X Day, umpteen times.
I'm going to use that forever since I'll never bother to remember actually what year,
you know, because that involves math.
And I was told there would be no math.
Give me one second. Masturbate among yourselves.
Put some lube on it, for fuck's sake.
I hear a lot of dry fucking masturbation out there.
Hey, that's an important thing that needed to be done.
And if it didn't be done, well, you'd fucking suffer for it.
But that is the theme of this evening's show.
Yes, good evening everyone. I am Andrew the Impaled,
Pittsburgh's premier pain-proof clown.
As Mandy says, the monarch of the mon, the Prince of Pierogi,
the Duke of Yinser.
Thank you, thank you.
And I have the special privilege of guaranteeing to hurt myself bad,
for Bob, all the fucking time.
It is, it is a true, a true vestige of slack,
what I do in my life and my day-to-day efforts.
And it absolutely is by the grace of the slaughtered corpse of Bob
in my garage that I'm able to do these things.
Don't start with me that it's not the real Bob,
because I don't fucking want to hear it, okay?
The fucking corpse I have in my body is fucking Bob,
and you can shut the fuck up if you don't believe me.
All right.
All right, now we got the show started,
let me introduce the star.
Right, right, it's not, it's not me.
I mean, you know, I am Andrew the Impaled,
you know, they made a big deal out of, you know, calling me up here,
whatever, you guys have plotted for some reason, or whatever.
But I am not, in fact, the star of my show.
So, if you'll bear with me for just one minute,
I will introduce to you,
the star of tonight's show.
As if you dumbasses didn't know,
it's the Toolbox of Death!
Yeah!
What?
Cheer for the fucking Toolbox of Death!
Yeah!
There you go.
People don't know shit if you don't know the Toolbox of Death,
for crying out loud, you can aced act like you've had some culture
for once in your godforsaken lives.
Yeah.
All right, now I'm gonna need a volunteer, the girl over here.
Come here. Come on.
Hurry up.
Please.
Please.
Please.
No.
Get the fuck up here.
Come on, there's the girl over here.
Yeah, I can't see shit, so just get your ass on up here.
Come on, hurry up.
We got a show waiting for you.
This is real.
The boy's got a chair.
Fuck's sake.
What, you just got a chair?
You lazy fucks.
Here, you person on the ground, here, come here.
Get your ass up here.
Come on, get your ass up here, I need some help.
I need a volunteer, and it's fucking you.
Yeah, I don't know what the word volunteer means.
No, not you, the pretty lady next to you.
Sit the fuck down, Janice.
Fuck's sake, you had your chance.
All right, get on up here.
There's a little walkway over there, and we'll hurry your ass up on here,
and we'll get this show underway.
Come on, we're already running behind.
All right.
But hey, we're running behind with excellent slack,
because how about fucking Tommy Amoeba?
Amoeba Knievel, everyone.
Huh?
That's some great shit.
How about that bass player?
He was pretty cute, huh?
Whoo!
Huh?
Huh?
Yeah, okay, fine.
All right.
Anyway.
All right, you, what's your name?
Segan.
Segan?
Carefully reach into the toolbox of death and grab me a nail.
All right, examine that nail carefully, make sure it is indeed a real nail.
Make sure it does not bend, doesn't fold, doesn't retract,
doesn't telescope inside of itself.
As far as you can tell, is that indeed one genuine 20-penny spike?
Is it real, ma'am?
Yes.
Yes!
Wait, wait, wait.
Do you have any question?
I'm going to ask you a question of your perception of reality at this time.
Yes, more or less.
Okay, very good.
I was going to say, your pupils are like this fucking big, you know.
They're like the saucers that didn't take me away again.
All right, now, if you would, hand the nail back to me.
Now, no offense to you, sterilization is very important.
If you thought the odds were bad, trust me, the teens are going to be a fuck of a lot worse.
Although people are not vaccinating at all.
And now, ladies and genitalia, examine carefully as I, Andrew the Impaled, attempt to take
this very real 20-penny spike and hammer it directly into my fucking face!
Oh my God.
No, God can't help you here.
No, no, no, no, no.
He won't come to any of my shows.
Not since an incident in 1983.
He won't come anywhere near me.
Not with a 20-foot fucking clown God pull.
All right, here we go.
I did say, I did say, all the way into my face.
And all the way is a promise that I can deliver on.
Yeah.
All the way into my fucking face!
Jesse, this is the part where you applaud, people.
This is genuine highbrow entertainment here.
Genuine culture.
I mean, maybe, maybe you've never seen culture before, but trust me, there is some culture
in Pomeroy, and unfortunately, this is it.
Yeah, see, you can't even laugh at that, because you guys don't even fucking know where you
are.
All right, let me get this thing out of my head before I fucking lose it over all of
you.
And somebody might want to watch out during the extraction.
I sometimes tend to spew, and you're wearing nice clothes there.
I've heard Paul and I.
Very nice.
I'm joking, I'm joking, I'm joking.
Those are terrible fucking clothes.
How do you fucking leave the house with that shit?
Oh, that's fucking sad.
Oh, shit.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.

Guys, hey, I wanted to point out to everybody that's watching the video here.
Anybody who is out here watching this video media soリ they know there may be something
that is a little strange.
There you go.
Check out what we've got in here.
We've got debido on
some...


can tell the clown what to do. Until then, I'm trying
to do something here!
Hair man!
You!
Reach into the toolbox of death and grab me a screwdriver.
Fuck please. You fucking shit.
Examine that screwdriver
carefully. Make sure it is indeed real. Make sure it does not
bend, does not fold, does not
retract. You might not want to touch
that end.
You can just stab into the stage if you want
to check its validity any further.
Hey, I'm not responsible.
You have a moral compass.
Stab it! Stab it!
Is that a real screwdriver?
All right.
We won't make any further assumptions about your
altered state.
Once again, hand the screwdriver back to me.
No offense.
Like I said, sterilization is very important.
I see the time.
That's the people with whom you associate.
And by that, I mean all of you.
Fucking subgenius.
And now...
Fucking the screwdriver.
I'm fucking my face.
Yeah.
Jesus.
All the way into my fucking face!
This is the part where you
join the pain by beating one hand against
another in self-appreciation for what you're seeing
on the stage. All right, now shut up for a second
because here's the thing. All right, here's the thing.
This is the thing.
Here's the thing.
This is the thing.
The thing is this.
This is the thing.
You see, at this point in time, the tip of the screwdriver
is four inches all the way back into my fucking face,
brushing against the medulla oblongata at the base of my brain.
At the top of my spine.
At the front of the back of my head.
Yeah.
And when I push that very small but very important part of the brain
in and out and in and out and in and out and in and out.
Twist it just so
I can adjust the radio stations that I pick up on my fillings.
Let's see if I can get this going here.
Here.
And it got it.
A viva
Los Angeli!
No
sleep
till the morning light.
My father yelled.
He cried more than a field into my carpet ride.
Well, you
shook me all I need.
It's just a little red Corbin.
Baby, come back.
Blame it all on me.
And the boys don't cry.
I am over.
All right.
I got to buy it before I start losing other shit.
I really fucking weird.
Oh, don't smile.
Don't smile.
You fucking ugly enough as it is.
You fucks.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's completely beyond the limits of good taste.
I apologize for that.
But you know what?
You know what?
Brain goo.
Brain goo tastes like.
Chicken brain goo.
Anyway, you've been a great help.
What's your name again?
Sigan.
Hey, everybody give a warm round of applause for the toolbox of death.
Get off my stage, Sigan.
You've been great, lovely, and wonderful, and helpful, and all that.
All right.
Good.
Good.
Take off your knickers.
Good.
Slip the brassiere off of your pendulous sagging old breasts.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.






Let me clean your teeth with my tongue.
Good.
Let me clean your armpits with my tongue.
Good.
Good.
Good.

Let me clean your toes with my mouth.
Good.
Good.
That was me, Reverend Stang on Bad Doctor's CD.
And that is a lot of people's favorite of our old stuff, because it's so awful.
It's just awful.
You're crazy.
Yeah.
We were in the height of our craziness then, I believe.
We were really into audience elimination, but like so many things, we failed.
When we tried to eliminate the audience, it ended up being our most popular thing.
Did we do Louie Louie, Are You a Girl or a Goat Woman on that one?
I think that was on Doctors for Wotan 2, which is no longer in distribution.
Oh, that's too bad.
You've got to be really cool to get a copy of either Doctors for Wotan album.
Yeah.
Although I've got a CD of it in my car, I think.
Anyway, this is Hour of Slack from Church of the Subgenius.
You can know too much by looking at subgenius.com or quiveringbrain.com.
That's Dr. Drummond's website, which has all kinds of filth and also really, really good music.
Because Dr. Drummond was in a great band called the Swinging Love Corpses.
There's not a lot of filth there, really.
Huh?
There's not a lot of filth there, really.
Well, there is.
In spirit, there is.
In spirit and in some of the song content.
And you've got solo albums on there, right?
Yeah, solo albums.
They'll scare you.
Yeah, they'll scare you.
Hideous, hideous.
Well, and now to close this long show, a long six-fisted jam from X Day.
It's a phone message jam.
Ladies and gentlemen, yet another night of the multiple fists of conning.
With special guests, Philo Drummond on random instruments.
Scotty on drums.
Suts Bashaw on guitar.
Angry Larry on bass.
He just waves.
And Trademark G on lute.
Oh, my God.
Electric noise?
Yes.
And I'll probably ruin it with vocals at some point.
And I'm Bruce's license.
And I'll probably ruin it with vocals at some point.
And I'm Bruce's license.
And I'll probably ruin it with vocals at some point.

Let's do this.

Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Let's do this.
Remember men!
I'll close the music for you tonight.

As you turn it into a commercial song ...
But I don't even remember songs yet.
Yeah.
That sounds 법 Johansson.
Do you remember man?

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hey, baby.
Hi, baby.
I'll be coming around to get you in a minute.
Okay.
Hey, baby, we'll be back around to get you in a minute.
Message number four. So much for Beltrides and other things. So, I'm off to see the Wizards.
Wonderful, Wizard of Oz.
Hope you're home tonight.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money.
That dirty Turkish harker backflagging Wharton Philip Buckaburton percoloma Burton doesn't wash tonight at all.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show, and we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you, you should go to subgenius.com front page, or especially the radio page, or the catalog store pages.
And help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty, and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Stevejobs.
If you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
We also take checks and money orders to
Is sources available on site?
Its
Subliminal
Can't
Fab А
Fail
Have You And her Had, Love Us Love Her More, Sadose button isHSMicheal.netate,
Sex, money, bar!
Green pills!
Sex, money, bar!
Kill me!
Sex, money, bar!
