From PR News in Washington, I'm paid in wages and benefits.
I'm broke.
Coretta Scott King shot and killed six civilian workers at a mall in California today.
How many must die?
King founded the Center for Violent Social Change on Wall Street for 1085-8259.
This is PR News.
PR News.
PR News.
The new PR Compensation Index rose 3.1% last year.
That year saw a gain of 3.7, PR News.
Welcome to the joy-free realm of Quadrant 9.
Please line up and do as you're told for the next 90 years.
We do ask that you try to die before you're 100 years old so it's not convenient for the new members.
Please stare into this painted window.
Until tomorrow.
Until you're dead.
I mean, until you're happy.
Which in this case will probably be the same time.
Thank you for coming to Quadrant 9.
Sorry, what was it you said?
Prepare to activate.
Don't touch it!
It's the history eraser button, you fool!
The
sound of a train.
But it's far, far away.
Behind the moon.
Beyond the rain.
Somewhere over the sun.
The sun's genius.
The sun's genius.




Power of...
...work.
I guess it doesn't really matter.
Talk, talk, talk, talk.
Doctors.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
All in the name of increasing talk.
Join Bob.
My name is Bob.
That's right.
Anyway, trying to get somebody excited.
Basically, I wrote an article on my butt.
Yeah, yeah.
But basically, the, uh, the, uh, these...
They give these, these...
They give these gobbledygook...
Yeah, and then, and then I...
Your steak.
And then, and then I...
And then, and then I...
Your steak.
And then, and then I...
Somebody could figure out how to put a fart on a screen.
Psychogenic consumerism...
Double speak.
Yeah, basically...
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
You turned over your janitorial duties?
Yes, yes, to your wife, actually.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
No, no.
I'm just...
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Yeah, yeah.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
And, I was, I was just, you know...


And they're on the other side of the planet, so you know they have to have Chapman.
So, you know they have to have Chapman.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Did I break your concentration?
For two weeks.
Exactly.
But, uh...
For two weeks.
Exactly.
But, uh, but, uh, but, uh...
There's an issue with 911.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Reloaded hermaphrodite forms dance like candies through the planet itself.



fields. Erstwhile and young-born, the canterberries float like treelets in the night. Piss-born
and shovel-bound, the angry tenants of yesteryear clamor for remorse. Through the starlit nether
regions, the grovers shout delight. Tantalizing but unrelenting, the government cheese steaks
dance like musselberries in the cantilevered wind. Born to shake a monkey butt through the
quivering lobes of love. Taste the paste.
At the back of your mind.
What are you going to call it?
I think I'll call it Bob.
Bob?
Bob?
You don't like Bob?
You can't call a planet Bob.
Oh, so now you're the boss. You're the king of Bob.
Well, no. But...
What?
Can't you just call it Earth?
Well, no one said you had to live on Bob.
Yeah, but...
They said I had to live on Bob.
I have to live off...
Me too!
Yeah, and Princess, we...
We had to...
We have to live on...
Live on Bob.
On planet Bob.
Oh, and welcome, dear friends, to Hour of Slack, number 1038.
Can you believe it?
And, uh...
What?
1038?
Yeah, and we're live tonight, this 1038th.
So, that means Dr. Sinister doesn't have to hurry towards the station so fast.
We're hoping that Lonesome Cowboy Dave, that ignorant, ignorant cowboy, will call in.
And, uh...
In the meantime, I should mention that this show tonight, we're presenting a new talent that we've gotten turned on to.
He's our new short-duration personal savior to replace Bob temporarily.
You know, I mean...
That's the nice thing about this religion.
You get tired of Bob every now and then.
You can just throw him off your back.
Throw the old monkey off your back.
And worship Johnny Future, for instance, who was the person just, uh...
The redneck talking about the bloated...
Her...
Her Mofra forums a second ago.
And also helped, uh...
Bring the show in along with all the lemur...
And nor-el-pref...
Clips and cut-ups.
Yeah, Johnny Future.
We're going to be playing...
More songs by Johnny Future.
Some of them are kind of raw and rude, so I've...
You may hear some of the cuff-cutting and tish-cutting that we have to do.
He's from Arkansas.
And he seems to be like a singing...
Another, uh...
A Jane or Hyperclete, or a Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Only, uh...
He's probably not as mean as Jane or Nora's nice as Dave.
We'll be playing more of that.
And, uh...
And the usual.
Actually, if Dave doesn't show up, I'll read to you from my new favorite books.
By Terry Pratchett.
There's this British writer.
Some of you may be...
This may be really old news to some people, but there's this fantasy series of satirical books, actually.
They're not so much fantasy as satire using a fantasy world that's great, called the Discworld.
And these books by Terry Pratchett.
There's...
There's, uh...
Like 35 or more of them out now.
Princess Wee and I are both hooked on them.
And you'll see why if I get around to reading any of the stuff from that.
This music in the background, which is sort of insane and possibly annoying, I don't know,
is by Just John, Reverend Just John, a subgenius who makes his own, rolls his own CDs and sends them in.
You can do that, too.
No.
No guarantee that we'll play them.
Anyway, friends, Dave may be calling any second now.
So, uh, while we still can make a little bit of no sense, let's do it.
We're alive!
Alive, I tell you, alive!
Let's go, man!
Hello, you're on Car Talk.
Oh, Toyota 4Runner.
I had about 100,000 miles on it.
Yeah, they feel their own bodies.
Their bodies.
They're hopeless.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob!
Bob!
Looking for ways to microwave some grandkids on a rainy Saturday afternoon?
This rainy day or any day entertainment fun is available by microwaving your grandchildren.
Me and we're signing a pledge of allegiance.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic in which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
You're just 10th.
You need the kind of relaxation only the bedroom of next Tuesday can provide.
Satan is home.
The biggest major.
Major weapon.
Swallow.
Swallow.
My big, big gun.
Swallow.
Inch by inch.
Communist corn.
The war against your penis was fought on the planet Zorbi.
100 years ago in the dark.
The only war that was ever fought in the whole dark.
The whole war was fought in the dark.
Nobody could see a damn thing.
Nobody knew what they were doing.
They were making.
Battle plans in the dark.
They didn't know who the hell they were after that.
Nobody knew.
No one cared eventually.
I can't say a goddamn thing.
I'm going to tell you what.
Well, I'll tell you what.
You know, one thing is, you know, people say the Holocaust was never happened.
You know what never happened?
Really?
Civil War never happened.
It's all made up.
It's made up by Mark Twain.
It's actually a chapter in the Huckabee family.
Civil War.
Yep.
That's where it happened.
And then people heard about it.
And they thought, you know, well, if Mary Penn's real, the Civil War must be real too.
And that's how that happened.
There never was a North or a South.
It was all made up.
Made up as lies.
It was a lot of propaganda started by the Indians.
And the Indians wanted the white man to fight each other because they wouldn't be fighting them as much.
They'd be like, hey, big chief, look here what I'm thinking about doing.
Watch out.
Well, look here.
When we get them Northerners fighting the Southerners.
The East Westerners and the Easterners fight.
And each other wasn't up.
And they wouldn't be killing Indians all that long.
That's a pretty damn good idea.
But how are we going to do it?
Well, why don't we just lie about it?
All right.
That sounds good.
I'm an Indian.
I love to lie.
Because Indians, you know, they love to lie.
They've never been an Indian.
That's the whole truth.
Never was.
Never was.
Never.
Never.
All Indians do are make these broad generalizations.
That's all they can do.
That, that, that, that.
And they must have been a little lucky.
They won't ever.
I would call up Mark Twain on the phone.
I'd say, Mark Twain, that was what they do.
But you lie about the Civil War and making people think it's happening.
I'll put it in my next book called Hope, Mary, Man.
All right then.
That's how that happened.
I studied history.
I know.
Next.
Friends, that was Johnny Future.
I told you I was going to be playing some Johnny Future.
It's really weird.
St. Byron Warner sent me that.
And I don't think it's on any real record company.
In fact,
I think it's some friend of Byron put that thing together using this Johnny Future guy.
Very, very strange.
Well, we'll, as we, I am going to go ahead and read a little bit out of this,
one of my favorite Terry Pratchett novels.
I prefer to think of them as nonfiction.
This is from one of my favorites called Small Gods.
It's, it's about a god who has,
he had this huge religion on Discworld,
but it turns out that all the believers were kind of believing in the,
everything but the god itself.
And he's, the god is turned back into a,
well, he's just a turtle now.
He only has one believer left.
That believer is an idiot, a subgenius.
But as it says here, where do gods come from?
Where do they go?
And the attempt to answer this was made by the religious philosopher,
Kumi of Smael,
in his book, Ego Video Liber Diorum,
which translates into the vernacular roughly as,
Gods, a spotter's guide.
People said there had to be a supreme being,
because otherwise how could the universe exist, eh?
And of course there clearly had to be, said Kumi,
a supreme being,
but since the universe was a bit of a mess,
it was obvious that the supreme being hadn't in fact made it.
If he had made it, he would, being supreme,
have made a much better job of it,
with far better thought given taking an example at random
to things like the design of the common nostril.
Or to put it another way,
the existence of a badly put together watch
proved the existence of a blind watchmaker.
You only had to look around to see that there was room
for improvement practically everywhere.
This suggested that the universe had probably been put together
in a bit of a rush by an underling,
while the supreme being wasn't looking,
in the same way that Boy Scouts Association minutes
are done on office photocopiers all over the country.
So, reasoned Kumi,
it was not a good idea to address any prayers to a supreme being.
It would only attract his attention and might cause trouble.
You can see how a subgenius might enjoy this Terry Pratchett philosophy.
And yet there seemed to be a lot of lesser gods around the place.
Kumi's theory was that,
the gods came into being and grow and flourish
because they are believed in.
Belief itself is the food of the gods.
Initially, when mankind lived in small primitive tribes,
there were probably millions of gods.
Now there tended to be only a very few, very important ones.
Local gods of thunder and love, for example,
tended to run together like pools of mercury
as the small primitive tribes joined up
and became huge, powerful primitive tribes
with more success.
They were sophisticated weapons.
But any god could join.
Any god could start small.
Any god could grow in stature
as its believers increased
and dwindle as they decreased.
It was like a great big game of ladders and snakes.
Gods liked games, provided they were winning.
Kumi's theory was based largely on the good old Gnostic heresy,
which tends to turn up all over the multiverse
whenever people get up off their knees
and start thinking for two minutes together,
although the shock of the sudden altitude
tends to mean the thinking is a little whacked.
But it upsets priests,
who tend to vent their displeasure in traditional ways.
When the Omnian church found out about Kumi,
they displayed him in every town within the church's empire
to demonstrate the essential flaws in his argument.
There were a lot of towns,
so they had to cut him up quite small.
W feast rtugs

On my meds again
Kousaka
The
man Everyone You Do
Lose
engo
Understand




I can't wait
I can't wait

more
Gotta take my Zyprexa and my Klonopin
I can't wait to get on my meds again
On my meds again
Cause when I go off them I go down the highway
I'm at odds and ends
With strangers I think should be going my way
And they all say
On your meds again
You really need to get on your meds again
Maybe when you do we can make some amends
Get on your meds again
On my meds again
Cause when I go off them I go down the highway
I'm at odds and ends
With strangers I think should be going my way
And they all say
On your meds again
Gotta stop smoking that brown Mexican
Maybe when you do we can just start again
Before I now get on your meds again
And I'll be on my meds again

With strangers I think should be going my way
On my meds again
Cause when I go off them I go down the highway
I'm at odds and ends
With strangers I think should be going my way
Before I now get on my meds again
And they all say
On your meds again
I'm at odds and ends
Before I now get on your meds again
So I'll just be going my way
Which they'll say
And I'll be on the road
What's the worst scary adventure

Alongside all the
The ramparts you've illustrious
With reli



Who've made their relationship
Of a town
Do not need
The comfort of someone

But football
Would refuse to additional
Coz they engaged
about this God who, he used to be really big, but he's small now,
and he's trying to get his powers back.
And his one believer, the subgenius, who's half-wit,
an idiot savant, is praying again.
The name of the believer is Brother,
and the name of the God is Om, the great God Om.
Om listened curiously.
He could remember prayers.
There'd been a lot of them once.
Once so many that he couldn't make out an individual prayer,
even if he had felt inclined to, but that didn't matter,
because what mattered was the huge cosmic susurration
of thousands of praying, believing minds.
The words weren't worth listening to anyway.
Humans, they lived in a world where the grass continued to be green
and the sun rose every day and flowers regularly turned into fruit,
and what impressed them?
Weeping statues and wine made out of water.
A mere quantum mechanistic tunnel effect that'd happen anyway
if you were prepared to wait zillions of years.
As if the turning of sunlight into wine by means of vines and grapes
and time and enzymes wasn't a thousand times more impressive
and happened all the time.
Well, he couldn't even do the most basic of God tricks.
Now, thunderbolts with about the same effect as the sparks off a cat's fur,
and you could hardly smite anybody with one of those.
He had smitten good and hard in his time,
and now he could just about walk through water and feed the one.
And friends, now I think, I think I hear...
It is the Dave!
Do I hear, in fact...
It might be the Dave!
Do I hear a Dave?
Muck turtle to command headquarters.
It is Muck. He's traveling along at Muck turtle speed.
And just about three centimeters above the ground,
and at this altitude I can see quite clearly.
You have no idea of what you're talking about.
Oh, how can you...
Could you figure that out from there, Dave?
You can't hear the show, can you, from where you are?
I was intuiting that you were talking about the mutations tonight
among the, bless their hearts, the subgenius bobbies, so to speak.
You used to call them back before you had your thoracic implant.
No, we still call them that.
But here some of them are growing new appendages.
And, you know, I know it's an old subject,
but some of the subject material itself is quite new.
Well, you know, if...
The more you give Bob, the more will miraculously come to you.
Such as...
New things will grow on your body.
Tumors, warts, boils.
Gifts from Bob.
But therein lies the slack.
Those tumors, warts, and boils may provide you with a lot of extra...
And a lot.
You know, I noticed something in the back of my...
I quit doing those.
Luck.
Some people still smoke.
Those tumors and things.
I quit doing that.
For health reasons.
Why would you quit?
I mean...
No, health reasons.
You know?
Yeah, it was blissful until you came down.
It's not like frop, which you don't come down from.
You parachute lightly into a field of clover,
and then assassins jump out and begin flailing you with weird guilt trips and stuff.
Well, that's only in the first part.
That's when you're coming on.
That's the initial rush.
Before the actual little mini explosions in the DA
where they...
They lay the larvae, you know, right in the cell wall or something like that.
Well, as I understand it, the herb, habifrop, zipulops,
if you smoke it or drink it or whatnot,
actually just strips the sheath off of your ganglia, your nerve cells.
You know, they have kind of a tough sheath on them.
Well, that sheath is stripped away by the frop.
It doesn't really accelerate your thinking.
It just removes any hindrances such as common sense or...
Jimmy Hendrances.
Yeah, man.
I saw him when I was 15 years old.
I saw one of them concerts.
The Jimmy Hendrance?
It was terrible.
Yeah.
It was awful.
I bet you were packing with about 20 pairs of socks
to make yourself look, you know,
encumbersome to all the young ladies.
I was only 15.
I was wearing a suit and tie
because I thought that's what you wore to a concert.
It was my first concert.
I'm not being funny either.
I wish that I could.
Wow, man.
After all these years, you still are, you know, for Bob.
You're wearing a suit and tie,
going to various doors that have nothing to do with a,
you know, like doors of perception maybe or something.
I'm a Jehovah's One witness.
Jehovah One's witness, I mean.
And what a sorry witness.
You're threatened many times as a Jehovah's One witness.
Well, we're better off than the Jehovah Two's witnesses.
Yeah, they don't even come around and threaten them.
They just, you know, don't make a trial.
Well,
it's rough running a huge world religion
when you have no help.
That's the kind of religion it is.
Half-assed believers.
You have enough slobbers.
Half-assid believers, I should say.
But don't you have enough slobberers
coming out of the depths of Dobstown?
Don't you have enough pickerel
to amass a mighty fishy fortune for me?
What the hell?
That's about what it would be.
It would be a big mess that smelled like
fish and was whining and wanting more Bob.
And, you know, that's great.
But that's between them and Bob.
But they can still diddle around the furniture,
you know, and polish things up, you know,
like put the neck highs in order.
That would be nice if they could.
But remember, this isn't the Scientology Church
or the Catholic Church.
This is the sub-genius church.
So, first off, you know it's not geniuses.
They're not even allowed.
Don't even qualify.
Right.
Cut-off line is right there at sub.
As Bob's pointed out a thousand million times a second,
think how dumb the average person is.
Well, by definition, half of them are dumber than that.
And that's where we come in, Dave.
We're like the little dwarves at the circus
that run along behind the elephants
with our brooms and little carts.
I had a vision of those guys.
Did you?
Did you?
Yeah, I did.
I was thinking of little dwarves with brooms.
I couldn't imagine the elephants' derriere,
you know, quite yet.
But I knew what they were doing, kind of.
Isn't that weird?
Well, there's been a lot of coincidence
and synchronicity in the air lately.
There was a full moon earlier this week
as the reason for it.
And your lunacy causes you to notice
all those so-called synchronicities.
Actually, Bob causes these simple coincidences
to happen.
So that your human brain will misinterpret them
as being meaningful.
It's the same difference, though.
If you think it's meaningful, then it is.
But how and why does he do this to me and everyone?
So that you won't feel like your $30 was wasted
when you joined his cult.
It makes you feel like the magic is going on.
And it is.
The magic of your mind interpreting
such simple things as magic.
That was what we were just talking about.
But you couldn't hear,
because you were praying too hard, weren't you?
Of course I was.
You could have been listening to the Lord,
but you was talking to him.
Like he didn't know.
Like you had to explain to him what was on your mind.
I was focused on the pale heart of Somnaga
and all the other alien religions
that were going to be forced to bow down
and lick dirty boot to with.
Right.
At least Bob gives you a certain amount of slack
as mind control authoritarian figures go.
Relative to the other ones.
A non-existent trial period too.
Of which many people, if they care to,
you know, if they choose to use it or may not.
Except it's another example of free will at its worst
because Bob is controlling,
I still don't know how,
is controlling everything behind and in front
and right next to the scenes.
Well, you know, Dave, the great thing about Bob is
he's not really controlling it.
He's not, he doesn't even know what he wants.
But he always wants something.
And whatever he wants, because he's Bob,
fulcrum of the universal luck plane,
whatever's going to happen happens to be
what he happened to want to happen.
So Bob's prayers always come true at your expense.
And mine.
That's so cool the way that happens.
It is, it's cool.
At least somebody gets perfect luck
and slackdomness at all times.
But while the others berserk off into angles
that don't fit their nature.
Well, you can get,
you know, well, it's like,
it's like homeopathy.
I was reading an article about homeopathy earlier today.
And it said that homeopathy worked because of the energies.
Of course, it didn't mention what energies they,
that you don't, you aren't supposed to ask that
if you're being healed by faith.
Yeah, you don't say what energy is healing me,
you just hope it works.
But they had a good point.
It won't hurt you.
Your homeopathic medicine won't hurt you.
It won't do a damn thing.
One way or the other.
What about the steroids?
No, but you could say that about a placebo.
And yet a placebo like J.R. Bob Dobbs
can yet have profound brain damaging,
crippling effects on a person.
Just belief.
That's all it takes.
Belief is the medicine and it is the disease.
It's the, it's the gangrenous leg.
That has to be sawed off.
And it's the saw.
And it's the strap of leather you bite
while they're sawing.
And it's the slug of whiskey they give you
as they, as they start cutting away that bad thought
called your leg.
Yep.
Thank God for me, tenderizer and heroin, you know.
Or else we'd all surely, you know,
disappear into that vapid duct mark out of here.
Well, we will eventually.
We'll all, uh,
we'll all have to walk that desert.
But still, why?
With that skeleton man.
If Bob was just an immaculated schmo
like the rest of us schmos,
how come his schmohood has grown?
Well, he wasn't.
He never was normal.
Or rather, let us say he's so utterly,
he's the one true normal.
He's so normal, so perfectly
the epitome of the average
that it's weird.
It's real weird, man.
So then he's been picked as some sort of
classical icon that exemplifies weirdness?
It wasn't that he was picked.
It was that he was there
and we simply managed to finally notice.
Hmm.
See, once again, it's not Bob.
It's the belief in Bob that does all the, the, the work.
You, Bob doesn't have to do anything.
That's why I think my, my faith is so spotty.
Well.
You know, it's like a, it's like a charcoal thing.
You know, it, it just flakes all over the place.
It has no internal substance.
It has no drive socket.
I can't, it's, um, why he, it, where, who, where he,
Well, now, Dave, let me, let me ask you something.
Why?
When was the last time you tithed financially to Bob?
I think,
And I don't mean the gas you spend driving to the station
when your car works.
I mean, I mean, how much money did you give to J.R. Bob Dobbs?
Well, I think we,
Last year, for instance.
During the great blow drill, blow drills off, blow dry drills off Gitmo Bay there.
I think on Wednesday.
Uh-huh.
And how much exactly did you give him?
I thought it was another 30 smackaroos, but it could have been, you know, just a pittance.
Yeah.
Because I don't know what, you know, I was hanging out and it was fun.
And, uh, I may or may, I may have put more in there.
I can see you people from up here.
I know what you're putting in that car.

I know what you're putting in that collection plate.
I can see.
Do you think I'm blind?
You think I don't know what you people are doing out there?
I seen you stepping out with old Witter Jones.
I know what you're up to.
All you with me.
I know all you listeners out there.
I saw what you put in that pledge drive.
I know how much you love Bob.
You love Bob as much as Bob loves you, don't you?
For one who can see into the hearts and minds of the people,

not only the radio listeners,
but those who have either tithed or failed to tithe to Bob.
I, I, I forgot what I was talking about.
Me too.
Me three.
Did you have the Weltbekannt, the Vigaitwischlappen,
or what is it, the world-weariness,
the Weltbekannt, Weltbekannt,
or what are these to call it in the old German times?
The Dachsnefuschne-miners?
Yeah, in the, you know, in the,
The Baffnefuschne-miners?
In the, what do you call it, theater, you know, before fascism,
The Dachsnefuschne-miners?

took over the Europes.
What was it, not Rococo Abando,
what's the name of it, not Art Deco,
Bauhaus, not Bauhaus, it was the, you know,
Doghouse.
Cabaret, yeah, yeah, cabaret.
I don't know, man.
Cabaret.
You know, when they were all making fun of
Hitler's schlong size and, you know,
Goebbels' pooper tube and things.
Is that sort of like when we make fun of our leaders here in our country?
Well, it could be.
Except we have to remember they all died.
All of those cabaret guys who were great satirists and not just burlesques
were liquidated, much like maple syrup.
Oh, well, but that was in Nazi Germany.
Thank goodness we don't have to worry about anything like that happening here
in the United States.
Certainly we don't see any parallels to early
I think it's
the fourth Reich, or third Reich.
What Reich was that?
I think we're on number six now, really, but if they
What was that cover article of the scene we were just looking at, dear?
I'm glad I'm not that guy.
I've been made of, made fun of slightly in the scene and I'd really hate to have them
rip me a new mouth like they did that guy.
Anyway, friends, those of you who can't read our minds and don't know to which we refer,
just take my word for it.
It's really important and it's too late.
You missed out.
The easy way out.
The fat man's barbecue.
The insipid way of in-sipping.
Never mind.
Our previous show host, Charleston, says that he thinks that Chaney wanted to kill that guy that he shot.
And I was pointing out that any idiot can accidentally shoot another idiot in the face.
Yeah, I've done it myself.
You know, we've all done that.
I mean, haven't you shot somebody in the face accidentally once or twice?
Yeah.
I think everybody, everybody within calling range right now, anybody within that, with an earshot of this transmission,
if you've ever shot anybody in the face and not reported it to the police for either 14 hours or perhaps the rest of your life,
would like to tell us about it or anybody else, don't do it.
Yeah, don't tell us.
We don't want, we were trying to keep what they call a plausible deniability or deniable plausibility.
Well, when birdshot is in the face, you call it a low profile.
It's a joke.
Unfortunately, I think it was all a ploy, like one of those, like, leather nun masks, you know, like when you think it's Sister Mary,
and all of a sudden she pulls off and there's like, erectus nickels.
Like Myrna Ploy.
Yeah.
And then what do they call those titty things that, oh, geez.
The ones that bark, that make noise, the breasts that make noises, they squeak and squack.
The breasts that make noises?
Yeah, like, you know, she's dressed like a nun.
You know, she's like sister, she's like a sister.
And all of a sudden she's like, you know, wearing these weird like armaments and stuff like that.
A lot of it's spent plutonium stuff they're turning into craft industries to try and revive the Northeast.
Have you been to any of those places yet?
I've seen the glow from a distance.
A lot of good porn stuff made from spent plutonium.
Porn stuff, did you say?
Well, yeah, you know, like...
I was starting to get bored until you said that.
Well, evacuator tubes, plugies, snipper snappers, I guess they're called them now.
All those little devices that are fun for, I don't know, some form of animals using, but...
Well, Dave, you live near a power plant, nuclear power plant in Ashtabula, right?
It's actually closer to Cleveland, but I guess the wind, they expect the wind to always go one way.
My family in Texas lives within the shadow of a gigantic nuclear power plant.
And I used to ask my mom, don't you know?
Don't you worry about, you know, China syndrome or something?
And she said, ah, protesters came out here from Dallas and they sent up a bunch of balloons to show which way the wind would blow all the radiation.
And it all went towards Dallas and away from us.
So screw them.
Well, that's a genuine thing your mom said.
That was my mom.
And many others have said that.
Bless her heart.
Yeah, it's going to blow the poison the other way.
I don't care.
That's what I've heard many people say in this area.
Which is why they worry about this and not the stuff the other way.
You know, it's just human nature.
If it's going to happen to the next guy, then you want to make sure everybody knows how bad you feel about that.
If it happens to you, well, nobody's going to really be hearing from you unless you're that lucky person that gets interviewed on television.
The only real person in any disaster is the one who makes it on TV.
Going, it was the most horrible thing in the world.
And nothing could be worth it except this chance to be on your show, Geraldo.
Yeah, Geraldo has to look real sheepish.
He actually has to be wearing sheep clothing.
We hate to make money off of tragedy and horror.
But, you know, isn't that what most religions do?
I mean, we're here to make money off of people's frailties, foibles, foolishness, mumbling.
They thought I was a good man.
I'm a fucking clutch and they pull me and drive.
Hey, as we get this, Dave, somebody else is trying to call in.
I actually know how to push the buttons and work this.
And I could, but you know what I'm afraid of is that we'll just get the, hey, hey, did you guys hear why Cheney really shot that guy?
Well, you're not certain that they could actually...
No, I don't know.
It could be a tax collector.
It could be the...
It could be one of the...
Yeah.
It could be George Bush.
I have so many occupations, I think it could be...
Maybe we should find out.
You ignorant cowboy.
You ignorant, ignorant cowboy.
I really want to play that.
He's dying to play that.
It's just burning a hole in his consciousness.
I think the Streets of Laredo was the first anti-gonorrhea syphilis song shortly after the Civil War when that cattle tune bombed.
And they were full of prostitunes.
You were telling me earlier you thought that classic song, The Streets of Laredo, was about the cowboy dying from syphilis from hanging around with all the prostitunes.
This is one of the undercover, underbelly, so-called sodomizing werewolf theories that are circulating right now.
But wouldn't they just say it in the song and then it died of the clap?
It felt just like crap.
What would they call a person's rod of presumptuousness back in the days of...
His Dave.
I'm not familiar with that literature.
His Dave.
Dave.
The knave's Dave.
The knave they called it?
His Dave was sticking proudly from his suit of armor.
Ah, the knave.
Yeah.
Now, what was the woman's blossom referred to in the days of the glorious?
The glorious south and the...
The plum.
...thrifty north and all that crap.
The plum.
The plum.
Right.
The plum.
Fruits and card houses.
Yeah, or the crabapple.
That was another name for the...
For elderly women's vaginas, right?
Dave, we're trying not to spell these scientific terms out.
It's better if you use gutter talk so that the kids don't understand.
The old-timey gutter talk.
I thought that was one of them, but...
What a plum.
What a plum job that was.
What a fine...
Well...
So, we see tomato emerging much later, perhaps even in 1920s or 30s in the jazz area.
Wow, what a tomato.
What a pippin.
These are sexist terms, though.
What a dish.
What a melon.
What a pair of melons.
Yeah, boy, he had a big dish on him, didn't he?
I remember they used to say that.
You're telling me that's a dish?


I'm talking about the people who wear satellite hats.
Yeah, they talked so funny back in the olden days.
Not like now.
The way people talk now, you know, saying things like, you know, that's gonna last forever.
People will always talk this way, and they will never sound funny to say things like,
been there, done that.
That'll never sound like a stupid 1990s or 2000s cliche.
Yeah, you can't use this euphemistic...
Euphemistic early 21st century language when you time travel.
If you were like to go back into old silo to be amid the gunfire and the rancorous ointments
and the, you know, whatever they were doing there, I think, or perhaps you went back to
medieval times, you know, and they speak English here, you know, it would sound like Beowulf
or one of those guys, I think.
You know, and you'd...
Well, by the same token, if you were to go forward into the future, you know, you'd be


in the future, the first few words out of your mouth would have people rolling on the floor.
They'd be going, God can't believe it, he said, dude.
Everybody says man now.
They would think you're from the, one of the like sticks, from the communities that had, you know, like sticks in them and stuff like that.
And then maybe you were a, you were like pigs and things.
Yeah, twig people.
Yeah.
The sticky people, sticks from the, from the hicks.
Out in the hicks.
Yeah, that run generators with pig parts.
Well, Dave, I want to, I actually want to quit talking and just play some recordings because we do have this, it is a radio show.
Oh, so I suppose you're calling it a radio show now.
Yeah, and well, it's a religious radio show and although, although we're the most entrancing conversationalists in the whole world...
Sometimes.
No, all the time.
It's just that you can't hear just human voices all the time.
It makes you...
It makes, it makes my teeth hurt to hear your voice for more than 15 minutes at a time.
Now my, hearing my voice for a long, long time, it kind of turns me on sexually.
I get excited.
I come home from these shows and listen to my own voice and sort of, you know, do whatever I want to with it.
You know what I mean?
I have the adverse effect.
You know, when I listen to myself for a protracted period of time, I go into orgiastic, you know, things here.
I've passed out before.
Out of shame?
No, I, you know, I think it was pure...
Oh, pride.
Oh, because the...
Yeah.
The blood all went to your pride.
The blood went to my pride?
Yeah, and you lost your head.
That was the way I, that's what I thought always happened every single show.
Well, that's what, how Melville would describe an erection.
Oh, now listen to this, Dave.
Okay, I'm going to read to you this little bit about, speaking of erections.
There's this country called Ephibia.
Where they have erections.
The Ephibians believed that every man should have the vote, it says.
Every five years, someone was elected to be tyrant.
Provided he could prove he was honest, intelligent, sensible, trustworthy.
Immediately after he was elected, of course, it was obvious to everyone that he was a criminal madman.
And totally out of touch with the view of the ordinary philosopher in the street looking for a towel.
And then, five years later, they elected another one just like him.
And really, it was amazing.
How intelligent people kept making the same mistakes.
Candidates for the tyrantship were elected by the placing of black or white balls in various urns.
Thus giving rise to a well-known comment about politics.
And black balls, I guess.
Well, right, you've been black balled, meaning you've been omitted from the ballot.
And having your parts stricken.
And that was, that reading was from my favorite book of the hour.
Small Gods by Terry Pratt.
Not to be confused with, what's that book by Dave DeLuca that's going to be coming out someday when that agent finally sells it to somebody?
InfoZone or Infomercial or something like that?
Something like that.
It's about Upton Sinclair's plan to take over the world.
Yeah.
And luckily, Sean Hammer, Hammer, Hammer, whatever his name was, discovered the plot.
So I don't know, maybe things won't work out, but maybe they will.
So I've still got my eyes crossed.
And just praying for him.
And praying for the sun to shine.
Dave and I both have our eyes crossed because we both got a literary agent.
And he's a happy kind of fellow.
He's a nice fellow.
He's a good subgenius.
When he was a young fellow, he played in a subgenius band in Houston.
We don't know if he's, we don't think he's slain any Malaysian children.
Right.
And so he's shopping Dave's Bible around.
And of course, they're going to reprint Revelation X.
And I'm supposed to whip out another Bob memoir or collection of Bob's memoirs.
Well, it'll be the first thing you have whipped out in a while, Johnny.
Sorry.
The TV from Civil War commercial.
So we've had the first subgenius testament and the second subgenius testament have been published or in bookstores and so forth.
Well, one of them's not, but it will be again.
And now there will be a third.
The third text.
The third testicle, you might say.
If you've got to have to be confused with the fifth elephant.
It's good to have an additional one.
Third nostril.
A third testicle staying.
What a beautiful, brilliant vision of what man or woman should be carrying an extra.
I mean, why didn't the women have a third testicle?
They wouldn't need men around.
Um.
Um.
I don't understand that one.
Well, Dave, really, we should get off the we should get off the talking like I promised a little while ago.
I just want a third arm.
Let's see.
Now I have two cowboy songs, the subgenius midnight cowboy and that ignorant, ignorant cowboy.
Those would be on.
Well, we'll see.
Dave, I'm going to bid you farewell.
And I bid you one also.
And to all of you.
And to all ignorant cowboys out there.
Keep yourself well sheathed.
And remember that it's not the Lord who protects.
It's Bob who controls.
So, you know.
Brace, Bob.
Yes.
Brace, Bob.
Brace, Bob.
And Brace, Dave's.
And.
Naves.
Raised the wrong groove from the wrong track.
Bless your little nads, Dave.
Bless yours also.
Your tiny little naves.
I've, you know, I've thought about them.
You've thought about my naves?
Yeah, but not, not very.
They're not, not in a, it's not an appetizing way or anything like that.
Dave, keep those naves warm now.
Which side of the solar winds you're drifting on, pal.
You know, I mean, some beings out there find three extra naves pretty, pretty, um, uh, tillating.
You know?
Yeah.
Okay, man.
Bye.
Okay, man.
Bye.
Okay, man.
Bye.
Don't make me angry, man.
You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
Yeah.
I'll just lie back and think pleasant thoughts.
Chicken pot pie.
Chocolate covered raisins.
Glazed ham.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Okay.
Yeah.
Yay.
Okay.
atch.
Okay, bro.



You're famous and you enjoy being a con.
You know I have дивa radio and you�
Hello, Prairie.
Good to see you.
I get to eat, right?
I know you like the thing.
That's too spotty.
Multi of the people that enjoy kind of being around here, does it.


You think you're too young?
Does chip porta with a fork look like?
Terry.
Are you kidding?
Let's take the rest of the morning off and take Fry to do everything he ever wanted to do.
Everything?
Except that.
Oh, a lesson in not changing history from Mr. I'm-My-Own-Grandpa.
Screw history.
Commencing excavation of the subject's chest cavity.
I'm your mistruster, Zornberg.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Come on, lighten up.
What is this, a funeral?
Why, you know what always cheers me up?
Laughing at other people's misfortunes.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, well, it so happens I'm in the mood to make a deal with you.
Forget it, you can't tempt me.
Thank you and good night.
Good news, everyone.
Uh-oh, I don't like the sound of that.
I can't make this week's loan payment.
Look into your hard drive.
And open your mercy file.
File not found.
File not found.

Let that be a warning to you.
Let that be a warning to you.
I'm a cyclops.
I'm a spaceship captain.
I'm the only one of my species.
And I'm interested in meeting a man.
A woman? I'm scared.
A woman? I'm scared.
Uh, professor, are we even allowed in the forbidden zone?
Uh, professor, are we even allowed in the forbidden zone?
Why, of course. It's just a name.
Like the Death Zone, or the Zone of No Return.
Like the Death Zone, or the Zone of No Return.
All the zones have names like that in the galaxy of terror.

All the zones have names like that in the galaxy of terror.
Good news, everyone.
Uh-oh, I don't like the sound of that.
But there's probably some cool forbidden stuff you can steal.
I don't know, Fry.
For the first time in my life, I feel like...
I've stolen enough.
Ginger, snap out of it.
Sorry, I don't know what came over me.
Let's go
And what is our space pilot have only one eye there's someone I like me his name is
perception
Little wow
The air
Sir put down the lamp
Okay, okay, I'm cooperating. That's it now put up your hands nice and slow
Oh
Searching
Why are you looking for flexo in my underpants drawer? I didn't find him here ten minutes ago
So I thought it was time to check again
Don't be so hard on yourself fry you lost the woman of your dreams, but you still have the light burn
Oh
Money doesn't make good people no siree
Okay
Oh
Don't write
Oh
Oh
Tell me where you came from







Looking for
JABS
Ain't the fuck
I'm an agent
and a midnight
Cowboy
Everybody
Everybody calls me baby
I don't care what they say
I don't care what they say
Gonna ride to the next town
See what trouble can be found
Kiss the ladies but the fellas
Kiss up genius and young
My daddy was a yeti
My mom a crusade
On the day I was born
I was ruptured and torn
Raised as a mutant
A subgenius student
And a midnight cowboy
Oh that's uh
Reverend Ed Fred did that song
Midnight Cowboy
Now some lemur
And then Johnny
No, then Tom Gleiser with the ignorant cowboy
The laundry followed a 14 year old boy
There was a strange, unexplainable interest in the boy
The laundry himself seemed to be so like the laundry that Tonto was amazed
Yeah, I see what you mean
Let's go to the house
Here we are
Let's go in
Of course
Yes
These are mine
I've never showed them to anyone before
See?
I see
Did you send for a doctor?
Well
Tell us about it
An ignorant cowboy went out on a spree
And oh what an ignorant cowhand was he
He had a few drinks and his head was a-whirl
And he ended up in the arms of a girl called Katie
That ignorant cowboy
That ignorant, ignorant cowboy
Now that cowboy was awfully handsome they say
As I'm sure he could tell from his mirror each day
But many weeks later one morning he saw
A rash on his face and he cried with a roar
What is it?
That ignorant cowboy
That ignorant, ignorant cowboy
That cowboy was worried and fretted and frowned
And he went to his medicine chest and he found
Some wonderful tonic that must have been hot
Supposed to be good for whatever you got
And he took it
That ignorant cowboy
That ignorant, ignorant cowboy
Now that cowboy each morning he washed at the sink
And then came one morning when what do you think
The spots on his face they had all gone away
He looked and he shouted tie yippee tie yay I'm cured
That ignorant cowboy
That ignorant, ignorant cowboy
That handsome young cowboy was happy once more
Cause nobody ever had told him the score
But the germ that had got him was still there inside
Cause this is a treacherous germ that will hide inside
That ignorant cowboy
That ignorant, ignorant cowboy
Now partners it surely is sorrowful strange
To think of that cowboy a-riding the range
Not knowing someday he'll be surely struck down
By the germ that he caught when he went up to town
On a spree
That ignorant cowboy
That ignorant, ignorant cowboy
Now a ranch on the range isn't likely to find
Much use for a cowboy who's dead, lame or blind
So if you've known Katie please listen to this
Only a doctor can cure syphilis
Don't be
An ignorant cowboy
An ignorant, ignorant cowboy
An ignorant, ignorant cowboy
An ignorant, ignorant cowboy
Like Dave, that was Tom Glaser
I'm sorry honey, but I don't love you no more
Honey, I'm sorry
But remember that time you went to help those children in the burning house
And the fire burned your skin and caused that scarring on your face
That's why I don't love you anymore
I don't love you anymore
Because your face has been disfigured while you're helping save those children
And I just can't love you anymore
Come back when you're younger
Come back when you're not so old
Apple told you how old my grandmother is
Well, she's desperately old
She's terribly, terribly old
She's about to cross into the future
And that was Johnny Future
Take a rest, take a rest
I'm sorry sir
What?
Yes
That's okay
Listen sister
Well I do
To a servant in this office
Is to have felt a very personal sense of
Well
White House
With a
An ordinary mundane chore
History was being made
In our ordinary and mundane car
Likely to see again in our lives
A president
Resigned his office
Tomorrow
And the world
Goes on
Their
Gel-to-the-cheat
Gel-to-the-sheet
Happy
Happy
I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
what to do. I don't know
what to do. I don't
know what to do. I don't
know what to do. I don't
know what to do. I don't
know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
Yes, dear friends, little
Theodore does not know
what to do, but I know what we
must do, and that is leave. You're
listening to the Subgenius
Radio Ministry Hour of
Slack, and
you can get more information about the
Church of the Subgenius, if you want,
from the website
subgenius.com.
I know what you should
do, and that is
check it out. Little
Theodore, by the same token, is
available at
littletheodore.com,
and Theodore is spelled F-Y-
O-D-O-R.
We heard some cut-ups by Norrell Preff.
I wish I could tell you how to get
hold of Johnny Future.
The ignorant, ignorant
cowboy was by Tom
Glazer of the olden days,
and I think that pretty much covers all the credits
and so forth, friends.
Stay tuned
for
the wisdom
coming up next.
Ha ha ha.
And praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.

Praise Bob.

Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
