When the Security Council of the United Nations met Bob Dobbs in New York,
radio faced the task of broadcasting its historic sessions.
Few listeners had the time to devote to a meeting of six or seven hours.
This station therefore prepared a specially condensed version.
The subgenius hour of swag.
The tape was then edited down to our show.
It was then re-recorded and finally broadcast at night,
when the largest audience could listen.
The program became so popular that the station was requested to release it to the United Nations
so that they could broadcast it themselves, thereby providing another source of income.
For the value of radio time is judged by the amount of goods it sells to the public.
This is independent radio in a democracy.
The End
The End
Kids, I'm afraid I've...
I've lost the most precious thing there is to me.
My personal slag.
Oh children, gather around.
The older girls, look up closer.
The ones who are starting to sprout.
Are you missing your slag, brother?
Have you no slag?
Well, praise Don.
Don brings slag.
To the slagless.
If you down in your mine or your quarry have not enough slag,
why, R.L. Don Glods will bring you slag.
Smooth. Soft.
And he will teach you the story of the Mists from outer space
who will come down to Earth and save all those who spent their thirty-one dollars.
Oh yeah.
Yes.
Praise Don.
Praise Don.
Yes.

Don will let you play with your thermometer in the rain, unlike Bob Dobbs, who'll let you
stand in hackneyed and short.
He's the kind of man who visits and blots...
Whew.
What was in that stuff?
Is that stuff?
Or is it just something else?
Oh, that's that stuff J.R. Bob Dobbs sold you, ain't it?
He ate it?
You can't...
He ain't...
He can't...
He can't skip...
He can't...
it all the time.
It just goes like
Bob. It gets into
your brain and then it just scrambles everything up.
Thank God we're into dawn now
and forgot that evil slackmeister
Bob. Trying to heal, you know,
those
who've been
brainwashed by the Bob cult.
Those who
are recovering.
Those poor people.
Cult addicts.
Are you hurt?
Bob. Bob.
Hi.
You faker.
Steve, you know what this is, don't you?
It's a time space warp.
I'm not sure I know exactly what that is.
I don't suppose anybody
really does.
We've seen some strange things tonight.
Strange
creatures that we know don't belong on our
planet.
God only knows where they came from.
Jenny and Beth.
The Vortex
took them.
Just...
Just took them away.
Welcome to Sub-G Sci-Fi.
When last we left
our heroine, Severia Yeti
Blood, she had pursued her nemesis,
Lord Niki, into the very
bowels of the great starship,
Capstown.
Give it up, Lord Niki.
There's no place left to run.
Never.
I'll hunt you yeti until you're extinct.
I will have order.
Do you hear me?
Order for the billions and billions of star systems.
Order and discipline.
I've fallen for your conspiracy tricks often enough
to know you're full of crap.
You're not a clone of Carl Sagan.
You're an evil agent of the conspiracy.
But what will you do now?
I've magnetically fixed the power of the conspiracy.
I've put the luck plane in place.
All the odds are against you.
Permanently.
Typical conspiracy thinking.
How will your evil machinations ever hope to defeat this?
Good God.
That's the very pipe of Bob Dobbs.
How did you get it?
Sent $30 to the Reverend Ivan Stang.
You idiot.
How else would I gain access to the one true pipe?
Let me smoke from it.
I beg of you.
You disgusting conspiracy peon.
You don't smoke the pipe of Bob.
You let the pipes run.
Smoke you.
Don't do it.
If you fire that in here, you'll destroy the ship.
What makes you think that's not exactly what I intend?
You conspiracy fool.
But you also destroy the space fighters
led by Nikki Deathchick
that are even now surrounding the ship.
Commander Deathchick can take care of her squadron.
Worry about your own miserable hide.
Why are you doing this
when we could rule the universe together?
I'll tell you why next year.
The Exists will definitely come to Brushwood.
And rupture us all the way to Planet X.
You subgenius fools have been saying that for years.
Don't you realize you've been duped?
You must be insane to believe in that charlatan Bob.
That's exactly what a pink boy like you would say.
Now eat hot plasma balls.
In a small way, I pity Lord Negi.
He simply wasn't willing to pay the price.
To find out what he really thought.
Tune in next week for more sub-G sci-fi.
By the Bishop.
the information he could not reveal.
see more clips at deputy go
받아
i
the heart
Heart Ignition.
Colorado D.O. is possibly severe.
You're in bar.
The million dollars.
Thanks.
Thanks.
This is low-income students.
Some low-income students are encased in rock on public lands in Colorado.
These little creatures are poised to wreak havoc.
They say it violates the state constitution, creating a black market for...
Thanks.
Bye-bye, Fernanda Nende.
Lee Moore.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Papa John's.
Joe Mama's 1998 subgenius radio play called I Was a Cultist for the ATF
is but one of several short radio plays in this rerun from 2003.
Hour of Slack number 902, it was.
We also get subgenius sci-fi by The Bishop
and the classic high school madness by the Firesign Theater
from their album Don't Crush That Dwarf Family of Pliers.
Oddly.
All of these old skits seem remarkably pertinent to this week's news events,
despite being such ancient parables about authoritarianism in The Conspiracy.
A Lonesome Cowboy Dave and the late Chaz Smith are also heard in some great clips
from ESO's Swamp Radio from WCSB,
and there's loads of keen Lee Moore collages,
plus Radio Lee Murraya, which has nothing to do with Lee Moore,
but features a fine rant by Reverend Lemuel Atom.
Music cuts include Reverend Mojo Nixon and Reverend the Amino Acids.
And now this.
After sterilizing all of the little children by the fire
and making sure they'd never make babies with big orange heads like them,
we commenced to sing a song.
Old Uncle Floppy was the head clown, and believe me, the children just loved him.
The sores were still bright and burning in there,
there weren't very many things they could say.
Many of the tongues had been removed.
But he was, Uncle Floppy was so great.
Everybody loved Uncle Floppy.
He talked about Bob at the Church of the Subgenius.
He talked about Sloth or whatever that, he talked about...
And they hit each other and threw pies and then knocked each other down,
and they were little and funny.
And they sang like a Cacophonous sound.
It was like the Munchkins in The Wizard of Oz.
Electro!
It kept you from talking.
That was the best thing about it.
Those clowns, they just, they kept you from...
Hanging on, man.
From having to talk.
They just filled everything up.
They stopped you from believing, man.
With fun.
That's what's wrong with you now, man.
The cork's out.
You're evacuated.
All the belief is gone, man.
You've got no more belief left to go.
Come on, buddy.
Buck up, there's just three more miles.
Bob said, believe me out of it, dude.
Bob said a lot of things.
He didn't make any damn difference.
He didn't make any difference to anybody.
He's a liar then, he's a liar now.
He's perfected his lying arts.
His ability to deceive and confuse.
But he was honest about it.
I suppose if you bold-faced lie,
and then you confuse and deceive behind it,
and say that's what you're doing,
and then say you're not,
because it's like the lion's sister in the mountain,
and the two of them were stuck together
at the midriff hemispheres.
It's like that.
But if not, it's...
Well, no, I mean, often,
when he was a salesman,
he always just dressed his best.
But when he would go out,
and preach,
he had the word liar written
in thick magic marker across his forehead.
But nobody paid attention to that, man.
They looked at his shoes, man.
They were so shiny and bright.
No, they thought that was part of his message.
They thought that was what guaranteed
that he was telling the truth.
That's serious.
Because he was the one guy
that had liar written across his forehead.
It guaranteed the laughs.
It kept the small force going.
It'd make things bright.
But no, no, man.
It was the shoes.
Do you remember?
No matter what he did, though,
he kept losing ratings to Rush Limbaugh.
Yeah, and he kept on...
They just...
They went for the subtle approach
rather than the direct, honest approach.
And then after the third year,
he kept on gaining radium,
and then he was more dishonest.
And the next thing you know,
he had taken over the clear channels
all over the places.
He was the one.
He was the one, man.
The big, big, big one.
Speaking of big ones,
I was looking through some article
in some paper about local radio stations,
and it turned out that they were all owned...
All 20 or so stations
were owned by only
three different radio stations.
And they were all the same people
who also were the same ones
who own that many stations.
The Puppet Meister.
In every city.
Yes.
In every town.
In every planet.
We know who the puppeteer is.
It's Rupert, baby.
Rupert is the puppeteer.
You know, man.
He pulled the strings.
He made the money dance.
No, if you know his name,
then that's not the puppeteer.
That's only one of the puppets.
For his name shall not be named,
he shall not be known.
He shall not be known.
Somebody owns Rupi.
You can't follow the strings up that far.
No, man.
It'd be easy to cut them if you could.
If you'd like to know the real truth,
the strings go on beyond this planetary sphere.
They go way, way, way, way out there.
Well, they're very sophisticated
because now they have puppets
that can work puppets.
You see.
You don't know how many puppets
down the line you are.
There's not...
Notice, you're not running
a marionette right now.
Can you fly this plane and land it?
Surely you can't be serious.
I am serious.
And don't call me Shirley.
I am Shirley.
We're all Shirley, aren't we?
B.O.P.
B.O.P.
Bop.
B.O.P.
Bop-bop.
You are listening to the voice
of the Maria Radio Service.
Attention.
May I have your attention, please?
This regularly scheduled program
has been interrupted to bring you
the inaugural broadcast
of the Voice of Lemuria Radio Service.
My name is Captain Willard Vroom,
commander of the Lemurian airship
Spirit of St. Elmo,
the flagship broadcasting platform
of the Voice of Lemuria.
Currently cruising at 65,000 feet
above the Pacific Rim,
the Spirit of St. Elmo
is beaming this broadcasting
to conspiracy-occupied territories.
The Voice of Lemuria Radio Service
brings you information
and entertainment unavailable
in conspiracy-controlled media outlets.
This lack of worthwhile news
and music should be evident
to all but the most dim-witted
mass media consumer.
You have been consistently lied to
and force-fed bland, idiotic fare
in the form of pop culture
and infotainment.
Many are the forces that would keep you
ignorant,
and you are not.
Heartless, soulless corporations
grubbing for yet more money.
Sinister, vampire-like government entities
seeking to further their hidden agendas.
Cash-fattened, Texas-based religious cults
attempting to expand their sales
of t-shirts and marilades.
All of these groups would deceive you
to achieve their own twisted goals.
But no more.
The Voice of Lemuria is now available
to bring you the true sounds of liberty.
We offer you the opportunity
to learn the unvarnished truth
about the nature of reality
and how you can use it.
Break the bonds of ignorance
and satisfy your own wants and desires
and twisted needs.
The Voice of Lemuria can help you
achieve all of this.
Lemuria represents the last
unsullied territory in this area
of the cosmos.
It is the final hope for all those
who realize that the general situation
has gone way past what can be
considered tolerable.
The Voice of Lemuria,
offers you truth and hope
through information and entertainment.
But enough of that for now.
I'll be back later with further information.
For now, just sit back, relax, and enjoy.
It's a man I love.
Maybe a governor in German, the party.
I was born in the land of the war.
I try to be a hero.
But the war,
they let me wait.
Watching.
Laughing.
texting.
Sit down.
Sixty feet.
And she says shouts.
You're a police officer.


You will never race
in this hall
to the German border
This moron
He is a hero
a hero
special



on the underground
work of p. c.
You are listened,


to the voice of
the Radio Service.
Oh, baby.
Here we go.
Yeah!
My TV is watching me.
My TV is watching me.
L. Ron Hubbard is messing with me.
The bats are flying, baby.
Can't you see?
Oh, the CBSI is watching me.
I need my lithium, baby.
Can't you see?
Oh, yeah.
My TV is watching me.
Oh, my TV is watching me.
You know, a solar flex ain't nothing
but a very expensive hat.
Crack, baby.
Oh, and my goal in life
is to be picking my nose on TV
because my TV is watching me.
I can't find my remote.
I can't find my remote.
I don't know where it's going.
My TV is watching me.
I see Michael Jackson
and Lisa Marie.
Malcolm X is a hat.
Martin Luther King is a street.
My TV is watching me.
I see the one, two, three faces of Bob.
I see the one, two, three faces of Bob.
Bob and the replacements.
Bob the subgenius.
Bob.
But I don't drink
to get me
Everybody say
My TV is watching me
My TV is watching me
I got Latter Day Saints
messing with me
And knock it on my door
Won't let me be
My TV is watching me
Well the outcasts will be heard
You gotta speak the truth
Make the weak and the greedy
It's crap in your pants
I'm weak and the greedy
Crap in your pants
I'm My TV
So watch me
Break me my lithium
Break me my lithium
My TV is watching me
My TV is watching me
My TV is watching me
Take your eyes off of me man
Take your eyes off of me
Thank you for listening to this inaugural broadcast
of the Voice of Lemuria Radio Service
This is Captain Vroom
Commander and DJ-in-Chief
of the Spirit of St. Elmo
Airship Broadcasting Platform
Please forgive any minor mistakes
or technical difficulties
and glitches that may be encountered
during this very first broadcast
Our crack team of technical wizards
are still in the process
of fine-tuning the St. Elmo's
high-powered equipment
to bring you the optimum
in broadcasting quality
Similarly, once the expansive
broadcast studios and luxurious
guest orders have been fully refurbished
we will be expanding our repertoire
of entertainment and information
to the finest level attainable
including original musical programming
the trenchant and biting political commentary
of There He Is
and perhaps even trained chimpanzees
on roller skates
For now, we are proud to present
nostalgic entertainment from yesteryear
from the classic radio serial genre
Porgy and Mudhead
in High School Madness
Porgy
Tirebiter
He's a spy and a girl delighter
Porgy
Firefighter
He's a student like you
If you're looking for a captain
of the ring ball team
You can bet he won't be there
You'll find him a-poppin' off
at Pop Sodium Shop
To trade in a red
with red hair
To be to a
Porgy
Tirebiter
Just a student like you
Like me?
Just a student like you
Just a student like you
Hey doll, come and get it
Your clam cakes are getting damp
Ten-four, Eleanor
Ha ha ha
Phew!
Defoliating!
Defoliating a victory garden
certainly works up an appetite
You sit down, father, and dig right in
Oh, that's right
This afternoon I'll be able to start digging the pit
If I can get some work out of that boy of yours
I can have the bunker finished by election day
Where is Porgy anyway?
He's up in his room
helping Nelson and make it to bed
Oh, Porgy
Oh, Pa, oh, Pa, oh, Pa
Porgy
Porgy Tirebiter
You've come
You're coming, mother!
You're coming, mother!
Stop calling me Fred
My name's Adolph
Oh, bombs away, Dad
Morning, Mom
Oh, hot dog!
Roast cakes again
Heavy on the 30-weight, Mom
Don't, don't eat with your hands, son
Use your entrenching tool
Aw, gee, Dad
I'm just trying to save time
It isn't every day a guy graduates from high school
How many times have I heard that before?
Well, you boys fight it out among yourselves
Okay, mother
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, boy
I've got to dress for my bridge club
Gee, Mom, isn't that bridge built yet?
No, son
And it won't be
until free hands on both sides of the big ditch
can press the same button at the same time
Okay, Dad, I give
Oh, boy, can I eat my breakfast now?
Only if you stay out of trouble, boy
Your shenanigans could cost me this election
Oh, come on, Dad
No Irishman can stop you
from getting the big dog killer this time
You're a natural-born man
You're a natural-born man
Don't wolf your food
Oh, oh, there's Mudhead
Congratulations, here I come
So long, Dad
Keep flying
Oh, that son of mine
He's not your son, Fred
Stop torturing me, Ethel
Come on, step on it, Mudhead
Oh, I'd love to, Porgy
But I got my two toes through the floorboard already
Well, okay
Then we could take the shortcut through Frogtown
All right
We could stop off at Pops and dig some junk
Some what?
All that Louise Wong's got a belt for you?


You could do Shakespeare, bro
Aw, not now, Mudhead
They need me at the last meeting of the Philatelist Club
I didn't know you could do that, sorry
Aw, creepies, Mudhead
Where's your school spirit?
That's in the rumble seat
You want to snort?
Oh, very funny
Gee, everybody at Moore Science High
has an extracurricular activity but you
Well, then Louise, pal
Only to ten, Mudhead
You know, that's just it
Just what?
Well, we're the leaders of tomorrow
Yeah, but it's today
Well, yeah, but what are you gonna do tomorrow
after we graduate?
Oh, well, I thought maybe we could do that
Go out and find a bunch of guys
and dress alike
and follow around
What?
Oh, quick, go pick up a couple of girls
Oh, is that all you think about
picking up things?
Golly, Mudhead
Don't you remember what Principal Poop
put down at the pep rally yesterday?
Principal Poop?
P-E-P-E-P
Moore
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Pet Pills
Say something
Thank you, fellow kids
Quiet
In addressing for the assembly this morning
Thank you
Thank you
I am recalling the words of the foundry
founder
of Morse Science High School
Yucaipa Heap
who pressed the first bricks
with his own hands
hands. Knowledge for the people, he said. Give them a light and they'll follow it anywhere.
We think that is a fair and a wise guy for rule to be guided by. And we're not afraid of it,
are we? You bet. Raw, raw, raw. That's the spirits we have here.
Okay. So come on, kids. Line up, sign up, and reenlist today.
Because we need more schooling for more students for more science high.
Thank you.
So you see, Mudhead, it's like the pooper said. With counter-subversive educational
priorities the way they are, well, it really helps our side to reenlist.
Is that what you're going to do? Oh, hell no. Right after I graduate,
I'm going to cut the soles off my shoes, sit in a tree, and learn to play the flute.
Hey, look, Mudhead. Watch it.
Where are you going to graduate from? Holy Mudhead, Mackerel.
More students.
Science high. It's disappeared.
I'm going to go to the library.

Isolation. Seclusion. Paranoia. Always looking over your shoulder to see if you're being watched.
And always keeping alert. Waiting for your chance to finally make contact.
These are the anxieties I know firsthand because I was a cultist for the ATF.
From actual court testimony and declassified government records comes the unusual story of Joseph Mama,
undercover agent for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms.
This is the real-life drummer of Agent Mama, who for nine fantastic years served America from deep within one of her most feared and notorious cults.
I was a cultist for the ATF.
When you pose as a cultist for the ATF, you're on guard constantly, always wondering if the church leadership suspects you.
You can never relax, never forget who you are and what you do.
You must always stay alert.
You never make a slip, never do or say anything wrong.
This is all part of my nine years as a cult member in the dreaded Church of the Subjunius.
In a moment, you will hear one of the many stories from the files of Joseph Mama, undercover agent for the ATF.
And now, a story based on the real-life adventures of Joseph Mama, undercover agent for the ATF.
When you're an undercover agent for the ATF,
you live the life of a spy.
You trust no one, tell nobody what you're really doing, not even your own family.
And, hanging over you every minute is the threat of exposure, of being found out.
You know what that can mean, so you stay on your guard.
But still, you can't cover everything.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello, Mama, this is Joe.
Son!
How, how are you, son?
I'm fine, Mama.
Any messages for me?
No, but there was a man who stopped by the house to see you earlier this evening.
A man?
What am I...
Yes, one of them.
One of those satanical...
You mean subgenie types, don't you?
Look, I have to know what he wanted.
He said something about a meeting at the station tonight.
Joe, when are you going to come to your senses and break away from this horrible outfit and...
Mama, Mama...
And move back home with the rest of us?
Mama, we've been through all this before.
But those people are crazy!
That man who was here?
His hair was wild and dirty!
He looked dangerous!
I'm a satang, or whatever his name was.
I'm a satang?
Ivan Stang, what, was that his name?
Yes, that was it.
Stang.
Are you sure?
Are you sure that was his name?
Yes, I'm sure.
Joe, you're not in some kind of trouble, are you?
Trouble?
Of course not, Mama.
I gotta go now.
I'll be calling you later.
Bye.
Ivan Stang.
Mr. Big himself.
I didn't know what had brought him to town, let alone to my parents' place.
But it had me worried.
Stang was a self-proclaimed sacred scribe of the church.
He had written many of its most bizarre teachings.
The idea that the subgeniuses were persecuted by some sort of conspiracy.
The notion that church members were a master race, destined to rule normal human beings.
The mad dream that Bob Dobbs would one day rise from the dead to take over the world through revolution and murder.
These were all theories from the twisted mind of Ivan Stang.
Church prophet?
Leader?
An executioner, all in one.
I showed up at the station at 9 p.m.
It was a community radio station that the church had paid off to play their brainwashing radio series.
How Americans could actually listen to that crap made me sick.
But I had to play the part.
Three men were waiting in the conference room.
Dr. Howe and St. Jane are hyperplates, I knew.
But the third one was a silent stranger with long, stringy hair.
Joe, glad you could make it.
We've been trying to find you all evening, man.
Hey, Hal.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I didn't get home until early this morning, and Mom almost forgot to relay the message.
Oh, hey, Jane-er.
How's it going?
It was going fine until yesterday afternoon.
Yesterday afternoon?
What happened?
Uh, Joe, this is Reverend Stang.
He flew in from Dallas last night.
Ivan Stang?
The Ivan Stang?
Well, of course.
It's an honor to meet you, sir.
I've always wanted to.
I listen to your show all the time.
I think you're great.
You really get the word.
Bob?


Bob out to the masses.
You better shut up and listen carefully.
Brother Stang is here on important business.
Very important business.
Uh, yeah, Joe, uh, or Brother Mama.
We had a bit of a setback yesterday.
You may want to take a seat at the end of the table.
What's this all about?
Brother Mama, you said something about getting home early this morning.
Yeah, so?
Are you sure you even went home?
What do you mean?
Puzzling evidence was waiting outside your home all day in a parked car.
He just...
He just phoned and said you still hadn't shown up.
Hey, look, what's this all about?
What difference does it matter what time I got home?
And what's the idea of having Puzzler spying on me?
That's enough, Brother.
Just calm down.
There's no reason for you to get excited about a few questions.
Unless, of course, you've got something to hide.
Why all of a sudden the interrogation?
Everyone knows the work I've done for the church.
Perhaps we know only part of the work you do, Mama.
Janeer, I'll handle this if you don't mind.
Brother Mama, since I know you're working,


I'm wondering, let me tell you why I'm in town.
There seems to be a plumbing problem here.
We've been experiencing a few leaks of information.
My job is to find that leak and plug it.
I don't get it.
What does this have to do with me?
I'm getting to that.
But first, tell me what you know about Dobstown.
Dobstown community?
Why, it's a private compound.
The subgenius church finances to indoctrinate and brainwash new abductees.
Since it's across the border, the government has limited jurisdiction, of course.
Then again, if they knew what we did to the young women and children there,
they'd close us down in a heartbeat.
But we're careful. No messages get in or out.
Who knows about the stockpiling of weapons?
Just me, Brother Hal, and Janeer Hyperkleets.
And of course you.
We didn't want to give the government any legal grounds to cross the border.
But if they had found out about the stolen army weapons,
that would provide them with just such an excuse.
Exactly. Only four of us knew.
And yet, all four of us have understood
and questioned loyalty to Bob's church.
I don't get it, Stang. What are you driving at?
Just this. At 2 p.m. yesterday afternoon,
Dobstown was raided by the ATF and all our weapons confiscated.
Now they're holding members who they claim want sanctuary from the church.
Before you know it, civil suits will be filed,
and who knows what other problems will arise as a result of this raid.
All because someone got information about our stolen weapons.
I was caught off guard. I hadn't heard about the raid.
I needed time to think. The three of them sat there, watching for my reaction.
The heat was on. I could feel it.
Of all the lousy luck, how did they find out?
We were hoping you might know, Brother.
I sure wish I did. I don't see what could have possibly gone wrong.
It would almost seem as if the ATF had been tipped off about it.
Tipped off? No one knew about the weapons except the four of us.
Tipped off by whom?
Tipped off by you, you dirty rotten rat.
Now wait a minute, Janeer.
Mama, the evidence at the moment seems to bear him out.
Evidence? What evidence?
Puzzling evidence. And the process of elimination.
It seems highly unlikely that Janeer Hyperclete or Brother Howell would be traitors.
They've been in the church for years, almost as long as I.
Well fine, but why pick me?
You're the only other person that knew anything about the guns,
and that's the excuse they used for the raid.
So I'm elected, eh? Is that it?
I'm afraid so.
So unless we get different information from those still under arrest,
meanwhile, you'll check in at the Bandito Hotel with puzzling evidence.
He'll stay with you until we get all the information necessary to make our decision.
Stay with me? You mean guarding me, that's what you mean, isn't it?
Yeah, you could call it that. Puzzling evidence will be guarding you.
Puzzler and I checked in at the Bandito Hotel about an hour later.
I was on the spot and I knew it.
But I did have one advantage.
I knew Stang and the others were only guessing.
They had no real proof of my connection with the Bureau.
If I could manage to slip a red herring, some other fall guy...
A plan began to shape.
Somehow I had to contact the ATF, and fast.
I got my chance when Puzzler took one of his all too rare showers.
I waited until he had the water running, then I eased the phone off the hook very gently and dialed the Bureau number.
If someone answers, then a speeding season.
If a fighter has not repaired something yet hemos diez Father's Instituto,
then nobody overseas knows again about gun tyranny being learnt.
Anim кнопona bipona bopona.
Aparat venom tonight, so-
Hey, sorry for making you wait!
We've got aPC.
We need to take a look at some of the available reporting sources.
So?
Hey.
What?
hotel room 417. Look, I need to make contact tonight. Okay, where? Downstairs in the Bandito
Grill in about an hour. Puzzling evidence will be covering me. It'll have to be smooth.
Check. Bandito Grill in one hour. We'll get to you. Be careful now.
Hey, Puzzler, what's the three-letter word for a disease-carrying rodent that resembles a large
mouse? Hey, how should I know? Three letters resembling a large dirty rodent. Hey, maybe it's
the ATF. Yeah, good guess. But the first letter is an R. Oh, gee, I don't know. I hate those things.
I hate puzzles. Look, you don't really think I work for the lousy ATF, do you? It ain't up to me,
Joe. All I'm doing is making sure you stick around until they make up their minds. After that, well,
I do what they tell me to. Well, I'll find out tomorrow. How about something to eat? You got
sandwiches or something? The grill's open downstairs. We can get something good there.
Who's buying? I'll buy.
Well, as long as it's still in the hotel, I don't see why not. Wait a second. 37 horizontal.
Slang term for a gullible person who is easily fooled. Four, five, six letters. Forget it, Joe.
I don't know nothing about that stuff. Oh, wait, I got it. S-U-C-K-E-R. Sucker. Okay, Puzzler, let's go.
The crossword puzzle was only a blind. I'd folded a piece of notepaper underneath it.
Along with working the puzzle, I scribbled some quick instructions,
passed along to the bureau, if they were able to make contact. It was all up to them.
It was a late supper crowd, and the grill was about half full when we walked in.
I took a booth in the corner and ordered some food. I looked around, trying to spot my contact.
No luck. Several minutes passed. Then some blonde number with a dress so tight it looked painted on
decided we were available. Hiya, boys. Mind if a lady sits down? Why, sure, baby. Just slide right
in beside me.
Nah, you're too anxious. I'm gonna sit over here by Mr. Woman Hater.
Where do you get the Woman Hater idea?
How'd you act like it? You're unfriendly. You know, you remind me of a fella I saw in the elevator.
He thought he was so cool, but all the time he was X, Y, Z. You know, his zipper needed examining.
Oh, I see.
Hey, the music stopped. Anybody got some spare change?
Why, sure, baby. What you wanna hear?
Play some Devo. I'm crazy about Devo.
Sure thing, darling.
Okay, honey, it's Agent X, Y, Z. Are you from...
Sally Bean, Washington office. I just got transferred here. What's up?
Plenty. They've got this goon on me until they decide whether or not I work for the Bureau.
Hold still. I'm slipping a paper into your pocket.
Got it. He'll be back in a second.
Most of the instructions are on the papers. Tell them to use Agent Jackson for the frame-up. My guard will recognize him.
Jackson for the frame-up. Check.
If they stick the coffee shop from 7 o'clock on, they should intercept Jayner. The meeting isn't till 8.
Right. And you?
Good luck.
Well, well, well. Joe Mama.
Uh, Jayner?
Where's Puzzler? And who's this chick you're with?
She ain't with him. She's with me. What are you doing here?
I live upstairs, you blockhead.
Oh, yeah, I forgot. This is your hotel.
Where were you just now?
Feeding the jukebox. What's eating you?
Get rid of the broad.
Now, hold on. What's coming off here? Hey, I bet you're a cop. A plainclothesman.
I said beat it.
Oh, why, sure. Sure, officer.
I don't know these guys. I've never seen them before in my life.
You didn't have to do that, Jayner. We was just having some fun.
You were given an assignment. Now get up to your room and stay there. Both of you.
Yeah, but...
Come on, Puzzler. He's frothing at the mouth already. He probably has some date of his own to meet down here. I wonder what the poor guy looks like.
I'm gonna see you go down, Mama. You and that smart aleck mouth of yours.
Sounds to me like you've got a personal axe to grind.
I always thought the church came first. I wonder if you're as dedicated as you pretend.
Why, you, I oughta...
Give my love to what's-his-face. Toodle-oo.
Jayner was a rabid hate-monger. He carried a sullen, sadistic hatred towards the entire world. Even the other cult members detested him.
That's what I was counting on, because I had picked Saint Jayner Hypercleans as my fall guy.
But that theory could be new before I triedpieces such as these came into existence.





Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
You keep saying Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Thank you, Lemur.
And now, a word about I Was a Cultist for the ATF.
Part two is coming up.
It was produced at the huge X-Day drill of 1998 by the great Papa Joe Mama,
recorded in a large tent around noon on July 5th,
mere hours after the insane events of 7 a.m. July 5th, 1998, so-called,
when the world failed to end and I, Reverend Stang, was mocked and dunked and so forth.
I'd also gone without sleep the night before,
and you can hear the hoarseness and maybe,
leave some exhaustion,
and Papa Joe also had an exciting morning that day.
Some subgenius old-timers play themselves in the script,
but not all of them are present.
So, for instance, Puzzling Evidence is played by Potter Nostril,
and Janer Hypercleets plays himself,
and this was, in fact, the very last time that Janer performed under subgenius auspices
before pursuing his illustrious solo career as Mr.
T.V.
And now, back to the second act of our story based on the real life adventures of Joseph Mama,
undercover agent for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms.
I was a cultist for the ATF!
Janer followed us to the elevator to make sure we returned to our room.
What he did after that? Well, I can only guess.
Puzzler and I turned in. I lay there for a while thinking, as I had done many times before.
This cult wasn't just operating in South Africa.
America or Europe. It was here in the USA in my own country. I had grown up and never even heard
of the Church of the Subgenius until I worked for the ATF. Now it was all I heard about. Child
abductions, mind control, drugs, armed shipments, revolutionary plots, the whole rotten mess.
It was all here in my own backyard. Most of the world knows nothing of the Subgenius Church.
Those who do think it's some kind of joke or religious satire. Well, the only ones who are
laughing are the subgeniuses themselves. While the rest of society sleeps, the church busily goes
about laying the groundwork for their bloody takeover. The so-called X-Day, where every non-cult
member is eliminated in a general massacre. The only thing between the subgenius and their sick
goal was me and the ATF. It was just before daybreak when the knock came at our door.
What's that? Who's there? You better answer it and find out. Who could it be at this hour?
Good morning. Glad to see you're up. Brother Stang. Joe Mama, have a seat over there by the window.
We have some talking to do. Puzzling evidence? You can go back to bed. This doesn't concern you.
Sure. Whatever you say. Let us review the facts of this matter again. Now? This time in the morning?
There's nothing as truthful as a drowsy witness. We've proved that often enough at the Subgenius
Foundation. Suppose we turn the lamp just...
But it's in my eyes. Exactly. Just another little technique of the Foundation.
We've just lost a very important tool in our fight against the conspiracy. We seem to have
a traitor in our midst. I'm sure you're eager to help assist us discover that traitor so
we can carry out the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs. So lean back, Joe. Relax. Look into the light.
There's nothing to worry about, is there?
The questioning went on.
on and on. Stang was clever, very clever. He reworded phrases and used trick questions.
But when he finally turned off the light and left, I felt fairly certain I hadn't given
anything away. Not that I was any closer to being in the clear. That would depend on what
happened outside the coffee shop between seven and eight in the evening.
Well, it's a quarter past seven. I guess we've got plenty of time to eat and still make the
meeting by eight o'clock.
Yeah, plenty of time. How's the crackers?
It don't matter. I'm so hungry I could eat a three-pound steak.
Careful now, that would be normal food.
Yeah? Wait till we take over and see what we feed then.
No share-in-share like, brother?
Not for those corporate yuppies. We'll be the big shots then. All us guys who've done
the dirty work.
What about the redistribution of the wealth? The slack for the common man?
Ah, phooey. That's dogma for the dupes and you know it. We'll be the guys with the limos
and harems. Anyone who don't like it will be.
Bang! Zoom. Off the planet.
You know something, Puzzler? You and I think exactly alike.
I kept talking to Puzzler as we ate our meal, but all the while I kept my eye out for Jayner.
I knew his habits. He always left early for the eight o'clock meeting, but when seven
thirty came, there was still no sign of him. I began to sweat. Finally, I spotted him leaving
the hotel and crossing the street right in front of our window.
Look! There's Jayner leaving for the meeting. We better get going.




Jayner? Oh yeah, there he is. Looks like he's running to a friend.
Yeah, I've seen that guy before too. Can't remember where, but he obviously knows Jayner.
Well, maybe not. Looks like he's just getting a match.
That fellow's doing a lot of talking though.
Probably another fellow that lives in the... No, wait. Now I remember. That's the guy who
picked me up once on a handgun violation. He works for the ATF.
What, him? Oh, you must be mistaken, Puzzler. He's a friend.










A friend of Jayner's. Look, he's shaking hands with him and pounding him on the back.
I ain't mistaking. His name's Jackson and he's ATF. How come he's so friendly with Jayner?
I don't know, but I'm beginning to wonder. Why? What's to wonder about? Jayner's the
guy they're looking for. He's the stool pigeon.
Oh, there must be some other explanation. That match business is just a cover up. I
bet he handed a report or something to Jackson right then.
Or took something from him. That's it. A payoff.
First stooling on Dobbs Town. Look, Joe, you saw it too. I ain't imagining it. You'll
back me up, won't you? All right, if you insist I will.
It was eight o'clock when we showed up at the deserted warehouse. Stang, Hal, and Jayner
were already there waiting. We went inside. You're late, Mama. What's the matter? Afraid
to face the music? I've got nothing to hide. Like I told Stang
at this morning's, uh, discussion.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't want to be timid now.


Well, have you come to a verdict? Joe, our lawyer got in to talk to some of
the prisoners from Dobbs Town. They say they followed procedure completely. There was
no way any information could have leaked out of that compound. They figure it was a tip
off. A tip off from the outside. Then we're right back from where we started,
nowhere. Nowhere? You're the only one it could have
been. What more evidence do we need? You call me? Stay out of this evidence. So I get selected,
nothing more than a wild guess.
All the work I've done for Bob,
the speeches, the publicity,
the under-the-table stuff,
all that doesn't mean a thing.
It's a matter of security
for the good of the cause itself.
Don't you agree with that principle, brother?
Why, of course I agree with it, but...
Hold on a second.
I've got a question here of my own I want to ask.
You're only here on assignment.
Nobody's interested in hearing your stupid little question.
Oh, I think they might if they heard it.
Yeah, we can deal with you after we've dealt with the traitor.
But I'm not the traitor, I tell you.
I'm...
Jayner, who was that guy you met outside the hotel
a few minutes ago?
The guy you were so friendly with?
I don't know and I don't care.
This is more important.
Jayner's right.
This is hardly the time or the place to...
The guy's name is Jackson.
He works for the ATF.
The guy who wanted the match?
Yeah, the guy you talked to.
Never seen the guy before in my life.
Then why'd he shake your hand?
How should I know?
I just bumped into him.
When he bumped into me, he arrested me.
But when he bumps into you, he pats you on the back.
I'd like to think there's another explanation, Jayner.
But you gotta admit, it looks a little fishy.
He commented on the weather.
Small talk.
Nothing more.
He gave you something, too.
What was it?
Nothing.
That's a lie.
Search me if you want to.
I think that's a good suggestion under the circumstances,
if you don't mind.
Go ahead, check me.
Because they're lying.
Both of them.
I only know what I saw, Jayner.
I didn't think twice.
I didn't think twice about it until Puzzler recognized the man from ATF.
Come to think of it, it was Jayner who accused Joe from the very beginning.
Almost like he had it in for him.
Of course he did.
He was trying to cover up his own game.
This is ridiculous.
Everyone knows that...
Quiet, Jayner.
What's this in your coat pocket?
An envelope?
That's not mine.
I never put it there.
Of course you didn't.
The tooth fairy did.
Bet you know what's inside it, too.
It's money.
All hundred dollar bills.
Got something going on here.
You got it on the side, Jayner?
It's a frame-up.
Somebody planted it on me.
We've got to get to the bottom of this and find out who's...
Silence, Jayner.
That's an order.
We've listened to your advice enough already.
Brother Mama, it seems we owe you an apology.
Not at all, Brother Stang.
I'm just glad I found out the truth.
I'm happy I can go on devoting my life to Bob and the Church of the Subgenius.
Thanks for the movie, Joe.
I'm glad you're not sore at me
for not taking your side earlier.
Not at all, Puzzler.
You were only doing your duty, just as we all should.
I'll make it up to you, honest.
Hey, why not let me treat you to dinner?
I owe you one.
And the grill's just across the street.
It looks like it's still open.
No, thanks, Puzzler.
Think I'll grab a taxi and get back home.
Maybe next time, then.
I wonder what they'll do to Jayner.
Oh, excommunicate him, probably.
Beat him up and run him out of town, perhaps.
I wish they'd let me do the pounding.
The way he always called me Dumbo.
And all the time he was working for the ATF.
You just never know, Puzzler.
You just never know.
Joe, it's a body.
Yeah, let's get out of here before the cops come.
Pardon us, please.
Excuse us. We gotta get through.
Joe, that was Jayner.
It was Jayner.
He couldn't take it.
He couldn't face the disgrace of being kicked out of the church.
He took his own life.
Maybe. But then again...
I didn't know if Jayner had tripped or jumped or whatever else out that window.
I still don't know for sure.
But I do know that staying left town that same evening, as Dr.
Howell put it, his work here was finished.
I left Puzzler and walked along the street alone.
I felt sick.
Maybe Jayner deserved what happened to him,
but I never planned on putting him in that kind of spot.
I tried to push it all out of my mind.
An undercover agent can't afford feelings any more than he can afford friends or family.
My one main objective was still safe.
I was on the job.
Still a cultist for the ATF.
I walked home alone.
In a moment, Agent Mama will return with some closing comments about cults.
This is Agent Mama.
Many of these stories are based on actual events that occurred
during my nine heart-stopping years as a cult member for the ATF.
Although the names and places have been changed to protect the innocent,
all events did take place as depicted within the continental USA.
Our country, America, must be kept strong,
must be kept free of the pestilence of unwanted cults.
We, who love this country, must constantly be on the guard against these traitors.
The Founding Fathers never envisioned the use of mind control techniques
or brain-altering drugs used by today's sinister cults.
That's why we, the ATF, must assume extra-constitutional powers
to eradicate these weeds from America's sacred soil.
Join us each and every week as we continue our crusade.
This week's program is dedicated to real-life hero, Boston City Councilman Ken Reeves,
who, after hearing an anonymous phone tip, activated local police authorities
and banned the subgenius cult from recruiting in his fair city.
The ATF salutes Ken Reeves and other real Americans for protecting our communities.
Featured in tonight's story were Joseph Mama as Agent Mama,
Ivan Stang as Reverend Stang, and Jayner Hyperkleets as Jayner.
Tonight's cast also included Craig Mitchell as Puzzling Evidence,
Nikki Michaud as Mama's Mother, Jeff Howe as Dr. Howe,
Wayne Aiken as Agent Jackson, and Willie Gordon as Agent Sally Dean.
Your announcer is Gary Allen.
And this is the Blue Network.
If you want to take it easy and you want to take a hike,
then you'll get a Regal Pale and you'll always know you're right.
It's the life and better, better together.
Mellow, mellow brew, Regal Pale.
Never afraid.
It's the better, better brew for you and you and you and you.
It's the better, better brew for you.
Be a good member of the crew.
You're doing great.
Based on a reading of that book,





come find out who thestars star.
We'll cut out a finished length and we'll shout theinson out of Arkansas go
state is very sorry thatistance is over.

The amino acids.
It's.
Dear parent.
This is.
According to USA Today, I'm more alarmed than ever about the quality of our children.
They're at an all-time low.
For example, here at Arizona State University, science and math are dead last.
According to USA Today, I'm literally staggering throughout America.
The good news is, it just keeps getting worse.
It just keeps getting worse.
It just keeps getting worse.
It just keeps getting worse.
Oh, bad, bad, bad.
And there's so.
Much more bad.
To be had at www.subgenius.com.
That website will tell you about the living church.
If it's money you want.
Well, this is where you can write to the business office.
Post office box 181417.
That's post office box 181417.
Cleveland.
Heights.
Ohio.
A 44118.
And praise Bob.
Oh, and now more of this.
This orangutan has clothes.
No one likes it.
This chimp clean and well-groomed.
But it's no bonobo.
But how can we prove that we can measure an.
An animal's.
Problems.
Well, you can study these gentle red giants.
But how can we know they are looking at themselves?
Very few certainly do.
One of the reasons they're so sociable.
They do each other to play.
This is monkey dolphins.
Tourists are allowed to enjoy watching them.
The Bahamas are the best place in the world in the wild in action.
Each dolphin has its babies of their mothers.
So it's no language.
Which to many dolphin scientists picking the nose recognize themselves in social lives.
But one slightly drains.
So what?
All great apes are looking after their loving tourists.
It's possible to account for this.
Some scientists may not be able to speak but does seem to be talking to his friends.
He's been taught to reply using words.
The scientists perform some odd.
Tasks.
Can you get the.
Refrigerator.
So these animal brains are probably the easiest to see.
They look manipulating termites.
Since then the males even have ties.
They are fun.
But our closest relative is an experience you'll forget.
Friends.
My internet friends.
My beloved listener and.
Close.
Close personal friend.
This is the internet only end of the show part where I remind you about the subgenius membership ministerial ordainment kit in fact whereby you can be a legal minister.
Plus you get insights into the secrets of the church of the subgenius.
And a big package of stuff.
And there's.
We also have.
Of course t-shirts and decoder pens and bumper stickers and pens and.
Everything you would expect.
CDs for instance.
Even a weekly radio show.
You know that.
Our books are the best but.
Books.
I think they're maybe they're just for old people.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Some people get the impression that.
If you're a real subgenius.
You never send money to the.
Subgenius.
Foundation.
You don't.
Buy a membership.
Because that proves you're really not a joiner.
But that's actually wrong.
I'm not sure where that came from.
I think perhaps wishful thinking.
But no we don't laugh at you.
When you send in your 35 bucks.
Finally.
And we mail you that kit.
Which is addressed by my hand.
By the way.
And.
Yeah.













I actually do.
Physically manhandled each package.
And they also.
There's a little letter in there.
That's signed by me too.
How about that.
We actually care.
We go to a lot of trouble.
We keep track of.
Who you are.
At least until you move.
Then we all forget about it.
But.
Yeah.
Friends.
Isn't it about time.
Subgenius.com.
Oh and we can.
We'll take checks.
You.
This month.
You can mail them to box 807.
Glen Rose, Texas.
And we'll see you next time.


Whatever helps us.
You know, we do that.
I wouldn't be willing to sell глубy in the States.
But, in in the meantime.
The 물어�elas.
Which every week.
It's just about time.


They didn't even.
We hurry up.
As soon as we check us.

The car just.

And that goes at them almost.

