It's getting late for the great planet Earth.
A storm of hail and fire mingled with blood is cast upon the Earth and a third of the world is burned.
A fiery mountain is hurled into the sea and a third of the sea and its creatures have perished.
A great star has fallen from heaven upon a third of the Earth's rivers and springs.
Their waters have become polluted and bitter.
The sun, the moon and the stars are struck. A third of the world is in darkness.
Woe, woe, woe to those who dwell on the Earth because of the risk of the trumpet blasts which the angels are about to sound.
The great storm of hail and fire mingled with blood is cast upon the Earth and a third of the world is burned.

It is done! The final trumpet has sounded! The mighty cities of the nations fall!
Islands disappear! Mountains crumble! As God's final wrath pours upon mankind!
As lightning flashes from the east to the west, so he comes.
The Son of Man, anointed in power, returns with majesty and glory to take his kingdom.
Uh, Bob, let's really have some smoke on this one, alright?
Alright, let's go.
Time is running out for the human race.
Get ready for the judgment day.
The sun is shining, come on, get happy.
The Lord is waiting to take your hand.
Shout hallelujah, come on, get happy.
We're going to the promised land.
And if she wants to get some white underwear, it might be best she get them in asbestos, alright?
Might better get them in asbestos. And I'm teasing now, of course.
Don't let her put on asbestos breeches, alright?
It might get, uh, might be harmful to your breathing.
First I want to remind you that in the last days there will be some scoffers who will do every wrong they can think of and laugh at the truth.
If you are scoffing right now, in your heart, if you are not believing...
Bob!
...coming back, you are one of the signs of his coming.
If you're going to continue to scoff, will you do me a favor?
Prepare for the end!
Oh, wow!
Well, there's a day soon coming when the judgment of the world will begin.
When the sky will be darkened and the mountains dance like drunken men.
When the people of the earth will fall like fruit from the tree.
Oh, I wish you'd all believe me.
I wish you all could see.
I wish you'd all believe me.
I wish you'd all believe.
The truth will not hurt you, only the lie.
I wish you'd all believe me.
Yay!
You don't really believe that, do you?
I don't know.
Impossible, fantastic, ridiculous, absurd, really?
The ambush is set, and it's working.
1998, the year of fear. Jack, explain it way, please.
Now, these are not my dates. We don't set dates.
This is one of the best intelligence sources in the world, along with Jane's defense out of England.
But let me tell you this, friend.
We believe things are going to come and happen sooner than we think.
The world must have seen it coming, right?
I'm afraid not.
Even though the technology had been around for years, nobody really paid too much attention to it.
Almost no one saw it coming.
Almost no one?
Yeah, almost.
Those of us who did express our concern were just branded as paranoid, as people who hated technology.
People who just weren't ready to be part of a new, united world.
Don't listen not to this child of Satan.
Reverend, I gotta admit, this doomsday warning has me just a smidge twitterpated.
Oh, now be calm, Ned.
But be afraid also, tremendously afraid, for the day of reckoning is upon us.
The reckoning sounds!
We're heading across the river, wash your sins away in the tide.
It's all so peaceful on the other side.
Forget the troubles come and go.
Come on, get happy.
You better chase all your cares away.
Shout hallelujah, come on, get happy.
Get ready for the judgment day.
What about tomorrow?
Yes, four lives ahead.
Will there be a brighter future?
For just how the world's gonna be?
Let us finish things, little brothers, a little more than dirty and Alfie spent were able to finish.
Isn't it better than this soon?
artifacts
vital
victims
Minotaur
Oh, what a horrible dream.
Oh, man.
Boy, that bitch was right.
I have fallen down on the job, ear seekers.
I've been pussyfooting and fiddle-farting around at the most crucial juncture here of mutant existence ever.
Because this is a damn ministry.
So from now until X-Day, it's no more Mr. Nice Girl.
Oh, I've got to be more than just the mere Reverend Susie the Floozy to get this job done.
I've got to be the whore of Babylon on a three-headed pea dog, too.
Because it's time to sound the mutant survival call.
Too much is hanging in the balance here.
Because there are still unsaved subgenius souls out there.
I can whiff-read your stench from here, baby.
Oh, yes.
It's the twilight of the elder gods for the Yeti Uber race.
And praise be the holy name of J.R. Bob-Dogs.
Because thanks to him, we're scraping the crappy dirt off this planet off of our shoes, baby.
The doomsday clock is ticking down the final moments.
We're on a drunken chicken run with the end times.
And it's zooming up on us a lot sooner than they think.
Yes, X-Day is coming up July 5th.
This very year, Seekers.
It's 7 a.m.
Think, if you haven't thought already.
Have you decided how you're going to spend eternity?
As a human pork rind screaming,
in the stinking wreckage of a dying planet?
Or as a satisfied member of the fastest growing apocalypse cult,
snugly ensconced aboard the escape vessels of the sex goddesses,
en route through space and time to an idyllic future of sated lusts and mind-reaming pleasures?
Ha ha ha.
Duh.
Tough choice, huh?
Oh.
But there are...
There are some among us who aren't sure yet.
Maybe they can't quite tell if they're pink.
Or if they're truly a mutated son of Dobbs.
Hell, just send in that membership fee.
And whether you're pink or not, chances are everything will be fine.
Hell, those saucers come with airlocks and torpedo tubes.
I'm sure we'll be able to do a little weeding out once we're airborne.
Oh, but that can come later.
And hopefully there won't be a lot of weeding.
I'm sure there will be a lot of weeding to do.
Because weeding's hard on a girl's knees.
But I don't expect a lot of the wrong kind of people to be on board if you catch my drift.
Because they're going to be misreading the flaming signs in the heavens
and trying their brand-X apocalyptic solutions until it's too late to turn to Bob.
Oh, but they never have been able to figure out how to get it right anyway.
Oh, they screw me.

They screw it all up.
They can't tell a 999 from a 666.
And I can see how they could mistake our triumphant subgenius Ragnarok for their cheesy bargain basement Armageddon.
Oh, but hey, you putzes.
Armageddon tired of waiting for you to get around to it.
Your god can't get it up to destroy the Sodom and Gomorrah that it has created for itself.
Oh, but Bob's going to clean house on this cat box, but good.
And the mighty wrath of Jehovah One and Negi and the Elder Gods and the Sex Goddesses are just for the overkill.
Oh, Bob, great is thy power.
Cream rinse us all in your sweet load and rupture us up into the heavens.
Yay, we strip naked and light the sacred froth and implore your mercy upon your beloved.
Oh, believers.
Yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay.
In the days of the end, there shall come from among the race of men a new ruler.
From the chaos of the nations, he will forge peace and security.
As one risen from the dead, he will entrench the world with his sorcery.
And at the time appointed, he will take his place in the very temple of the Lord of Hosts.
Scattering the true children of the Father over the face of the whole earth.
He is Bob.
Oh, yeah.
My name is Chaz.
And I'm broadcasting you tonight from my little holding cell here.
All quarantined.
All strapped in my suit.
Pressure suit's all pressured up.
Yeah.
It's here.
The ship is waiting.
Hissing away.
Spewing out its little steam.
Waiting for the moment.
The final countdown.
And that's where we're at.
Just hours away from the final hour.
The final minute.
The final second.
Ex-Daddy.
Thought it'd never get here.
It's kinda late now.
We're there.
There's nothing else to do.
Just sit.
Look out the window.
And wait for the light.
Is your pleasure ship hovering above?
Waiting for the final hours to pass?
Is your alien sex goddess waiting for you somewhere in Eurasia Blue?
Mine is.
We'll see you.
One, two.
Hey, Bleepo.
Yeah?
Um, Chaz and I have been planning our, which reruns we're gonna, we're gonna run as since
there's only another, uh, one or two.






Like, week of broadcasting left on the planet.
Oh, God.
You know, I've, I've done 638 hours of sweat.
Down to a few hours now.
And we're gonna start rerunning number one.
I mean, for what radio stations are left.
Right.
And, uh, what were you plan, thinking of doing, Chaz?
I don't understand how a lot of this is gonna, you know, take place.
I don't understand how a lot of this happens.
I just know that it won't fail because of me.
We all are in this together as a family.







We're gonna make it work.
And I don't know how to make it work.
I don't know how to do most of this mission.
But I do know that I can assure you that my piece of it is gonna work.
And it won't fail because of me.
No, on, on X-Day, Negi will return to us all the greatest tapes that we ever recorded.
Praise the Negi.
Which he has been keeping.
Right.
Praise the Negi.
Oh, God.
That's so good.
Negi has been keeping all of our lost tapes.







And he's recording in a special vault.
That's where everybody wonders where they're going.
Oh, you hear that, brother?
And those will all be returned to us on X-Day.
Oh, that's so glorious.
Jane-er will get his, his eight millimeter films back.
Oh.
Oh, the stone.
You know, your first show will come back.
I'll, uh, actually, I never did lose anything.
Will I get those videos that I erased by accident back?
As long as you saw them.
You mean everything I've ever seen?
You know, that you never got around to looking at.
Uh-huh.
Even if I've only seen it once?
What about a couple of times?




I've seen it for a fraction of a second.
The events that I've next taped have never were taped.
There's a thing called the new program.
The things that you thought, that you imagined very vividly doing.
This is too damn confusing.
I'm getting out of here.
Will then be done.
They will have been done.
When you want to do a wonderful new show, that show will materialize in your hand as
a tape.
Yeah, the new program.
But as soon as we're gone, you folks who are here unsaved, you folks listening by radio,
you folks listening by record, once the church is gone, there is going to be a cataclysmic
judgment.
And millions will die in those next few years.
I'm not going to be a cataclysmic judge.

And they'll be glued to their sets, watching rockets and jets, blowing up schools and
factories, putting an end to the birds and bees.
It's worth every penny to tune and then see who wins the Emmy at the Rune of the Academy.
Watch World War 3 on pay TV before your television melts away.
It's the end of the world as we know it.
It's the end of the world as we know it.
It's the end of the world as we know it.

It's the end of the world as we know it.
I feel fine.
Hey, oh, let's go.
You see them in the back now.
What they want, I don't know.
They're all ripped up and ready to go.
Turn around, go back down, back the way you came.
Can't you see that flash of fire?
Ten times brighter than the day.
And behold, a mighty city broken in the dust again.
Oh, God, proud man, broken in the dust again.
It's gonna be me and it's gonna be you.
We're gonna do everything we want to.
It's gotta be now.
And I can't wait.
To think about a beer and all that pain at hand.
Oh, like a flaming baton that's burning us warm.
Like George Bush on acid, singing in the duper.
Gonna be a new world.
Gonna be a new world.
Gonna be a new world.
Gonna be a new world.

Gonna have to say it to anyone's last words.
There's nothing left for you to say.
Soon you'll pretend anyway.
Well, no one here is getting out of line.
There's something really lost in my mind that I don't get.
So close your eyes and give yourself goodbye.
And think about the times we've been and what they've been
To me it's nothing, to me it's nothing
To me it's nothing, to me it's nothing
We're only gonna die from our own arrogance
That's why we might as well take our time
So stop the traffic, stop the clock, stop the clock
I wanna get off, I wanna get off with you
I wanna get off, I wanna get off with you
One more job in the supermarket
One more kick to get me started
Everyone get on board, this ship is sinking
Looking for a way in, searching for the way out
Angels ride free in your mind
But you're never gonna find it if you're never gonna try
Get your eyes on the road and suck the wild
Hey man, get hip, climb aboard our pleasure ship
Speed boy, we know
We're all king of the freedom, yeah, come and go
We're all king of the freedom, yeah, come and go

We're all king of the freedom, yeah, come and go
Go Apollo 69
Rock it baby, walk the line
We feed the fire, now's the time
Fly Apollo 69, yeah, yeah
The beginning was the end
Of everything now
The ape regards his tail
He's stuck on everything now
He sits there and eavesdropping
How long keepin' on the teachin'
He could
Take a seat
Трейд рейт кейм Κοι 101
He's just within thatē
risin'

Like me, he's an Oscar winner
octogen ties
today
Burned like a red
cold carpet
Mad bull has lost
its way
Born a
children
It's just a shot away
It's just a shot away
Born a
children
It's just a shot away
Shot away, shot away
When we were born
into this life
We were destined
to make it right
And it's predetermined
And this is our fate
We're singing this song
So you can relate
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
We are going
to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
Goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye







No future for you
No future, no future for you
The universe is not a frame
What of the limitless sex and violence
In the wake of Ragnarok
Welcome to the slaughter
What are you going to do?
What will be your epitaph?
When we get done with you
Are you gonna cry for your mama?
Or are you gonna have a good time?
Are you gonna be a bohab?
When it's your turn to die
Don't get crazy
Redlam all around
Anarchy here
Rural streets in Ragnarok
Haunted town
Three- frank ball
personal
Student Eagles
Uام
You've forgotten
Already
Penguins
pole
QUESTION

Daaang
You got to throw some wood
Just put some bleachers out in the sun
And have it out on Highway 61
Oh yeah
It's the end of the world as we know it
It's the end of the world as we know it
And I feel fine
With ease down
I know what's coming
And I've got to beat you to make you understand
It's the
Genius Power of
Satellite
It's going to end more horribly than anything in all history
That much I know
And it's a
It's a

The very
The very door of the day of the wrath of God is at hand
And that if you plan to be saved
You'd better do it now
In this temple lodge of the church of the subgenius of the rock
And before we begin the sacred spouting
I think that we should all bow our heads
Sometimes a thousand twangling instruments about mine ears
And sometimes voices
Voices?
Yes, voices, you see
Well
I've been usurped
Maybe another time
The quill knobs and the knobs
Don't be nubbled
But there you go
Thank you for helping us get here today
And I hope you'll get going
We need to start running west
As fast as we can
Testing, testing
And something I noticed is that the chaos
Testing, testing, ah
Ah yes, there's no contesting this
This testing
Ah, yes
Well we'll take out that
Ancient media barrage
That we've been running here
But aren't they fun?
There's a third mic, by the way
Yeah, you want to, uh
No, I'm fine, thank you
Ah, well, I'm fine, thank you
I thought, uh
I think he wanted, uh, Bo wanted to sit down
Yeah, well he could if he could bring a chair
I was trying to get Susie the floozy up here
I know, she said she was tired of hearing the sound of her own voice
Oh, darn it
I see I was afraid of that
Ivan, would you like some absinthe here?
Oh, no thanks, I better not start that game
Alright, well we are going to have some
I have a story of absinthe for my friend
And we also ate all sorts of psychedelics

Like, uh, uh, cookies and stuff like that
What?
Uh, yeah
Well, maybe you're the one who laid this egg, Dr. Howell
I found this under your chair this morning
That was here yesterday
I take no responsibility for it
Listeners, it's a, uh, I thought it was a coprolite
I thought it was a fossilized piece of dung
It is not
Yeah, I know
But it looks sort of like one
And that was the idea
It's egg shaped
Like a dinosaur sour egg
I want a dinosaur egg, I want a dinosaur egg
Well, no, it's not an egg
It's not
I know, it's just a
My, that absinthe has a heady aroma
Oh, I can smell it
Yes, friends, this isn't WCSB
It's actually warming
This is Tarzan's radio station
On a picnic table
Outdoors, although it's sheltered
And beautiful caffinas
Yes, in beautiful wisteria
Former strip mine
Now a nature preserve
Nature's natural
And an event center
And we're having an event
It's that little party called X Day
Where we wait for the flying saucers to come
And take us off to our own heavenly perfect world
Where we can live forever and do anything we want to
And all the non-believers die horribly and slowly
As far as we know
As far as, yeah, some are more interested in the
Horror and revenge part
I'm more a nature boy
I just want to get away from this
Sad, tired world of chores and work
Vile tasks
And have slack
And in my case it'll involve beautiful replicas
Of all my favorite landscapes on Earth
Plus monsters
Cool monsters
And 별
and some of them stuck, explaining what Earth life looks like today.
But this also indicates that on other worlds,
there are forms of life that resemble our own.
Well, and moam can cook up just about any kind of workable organism.
It might take a little while.
It's necessary to make changes for different extremes of climate
and gravitation and radiation.
If you want a unicorn, you can probably get one.
It may not function exactly the way you were expecting, though.
Well, you just have to shift until you get the right unicorn.
The unicorn that lived on Earth
was not quite like the one that is depicted in medieval tapestries.
Or was it?
We don't know because that form seems to be extinct.
And yet...
You see, Baron Cuvier said that the unicorn as popularly conceived
was impossible because the frontal bone of the horse is divided,
so a horn could never be there.
Yes, that's quite true if you think of the unicorn as one does popularly,
as a horn glued onto a horse.
But that is not the way the classical unicorn looked.
For one thing, our unicorn had cloven hooves, right?
Didn't it?
Like the mono-hoof of a horse.
Maybe they were carnivorous.
Maybe they had sharp fangs.
They had a little beard on the chin.
What does that suggest?
Well, that they would pee on their own beard
in order to smell funky for the ladies.
Oh, they smelled great.
Males or whatever.
You see...
The billy unicorns.
A woman could tame a unicorn,
but they would kill men.
They would run the men right through.
Oh, I didn't know that.
No wonder...
Unicorns are so popular.
Don't you know that how they caught unicorns,
a virgin would come and sit in the glade and sing,
and the unicorn would come and rest its head in her lap.
I get it.
She would catch hold of the horn
and call to the hunters who would come out in spirit.
No, I didn't know that.
That is the classical way of catching unicorns.
They didn't teach me that in science class.
Well, you need to read Mallory.
So then, or rather long before, on the tundra,
of Siberia, the gigantic Elasmotherium lived.
A huge beast with a single horn.
Over the years, this form became more gracile.
And although they resembled equines, horses,
that's simply convergent evolution.
So there were Elasmotheres that looked quite unicorn-like,
that had the single horn,
and looked horse-like.
But they had cloven hooves.
Now, it takes a small leap,
of faith or imagination,
to imagine that just as the gingo tree
was preserved by monks,
or otherwise would have died out,
that perhaps in aristocratic enclaves,
they kept cuddly, bread-white forms of these
for the...
For the...
The emperor's grandkids.
Yeah, for the aristos to hang them.
Now, you know, a few years ago,
or a few by our age and standards,
there was that hippie couple, and I met them,
who ran around from Renaissance Faire to Renaissance Faire
with their pet, Lancelot the Living Unicorn.
You're talking about Morning Glory and Oberon.
That's right.
Morning Glory and Oberon, right, exactly.
I met them, I saw them, I saw their unicorn,
which they got by causing the horn buds of a goat
to grow around each other and produce the spiral horn.
It had the beard, it was white, it had cloven hooves,
they groomed it, they grew its mane,
it looked very unicorn-like.
Unfortunately, it acted unicorn-like.
It's one thing to be butted by a goat,
it's another thing to be stuck by something
with a long, rigid thing coming out of its...
I quit my job so this wouldn't happen anymore.
Yeah, well...
You know, Dr. Howell, I didn't just know Oberon and Morning Glory,
I see Oberon.
I hang out with Oberon every year at Starwood.
Yes, he's coming this year, right?
Yeah.
Please say hello for me, he may remember me.
Oh, I'm sure he would.
Morning Glory, unfortunately, died about five years ago.
But Oberon is one of the few people
who has a similar career job description to me.
He runs a sex cult, only it really is a sex cult,
the Church of All Worlds,
which was a...
It was a polygamy-based thing,
loosely based on Robert Heinlein's sci-fi religion
in Stranger in a Strange Land.
And they used to have the...
Well, they had a lot of those aged, out-of-shape polygamists
in the swimming pool at Brushwood
doing the water-sharing ceremony.
Oh, yes, water-sharing, important on Mars.
It was very difficult for me and my subgenius friends
who were watching this not to laugh out loud
because it was very, very, very serious,
sharing the water and so forth.
The water was grayish-brown, though,
with that many old hippies in it.
Not like me.
I don't fall into that category or anything.
But, yeah, it's interesting.
When I go to Starwood, I hang out with a lot of rifle cults,

some of whom I initially made fun of
in that old High Weirdness by Mail book,
and now we're friends.
Gavin Frost and his wife
helped invent Wicca.
And you put them in touch with everyone
in the pre-internet days,
in the pages of High Weirdness.
Right.
But we were mocking our rifle cults.
I didn't see any of this whole idea
of Wicca and so on really got started in the 1920s,
as far as I can tell.
Gardnerian.
Yes.
Wicca.
When Margaret Murray published her book
Witchcraft in England, that was very influential.
And a lot of people...
You know, a lot of stuff that absolutely drives
our pop culture today
was made up out of whole cloth in the 1920s.
No!
Why, yeah.
No.
Sure.
What, you mean people believe things that aren't true?
That's fake news!
Nonsense.
Fake news, I tell you!
I'm talking about the legitimacy of invention itself.
For example,
Charlie Chan, Zorro, The Lone Ranger, Tarzan,
all fictional characters,
all coming from the 1920s.
They had a lot to do with forming people's attitudes.
Zorro is set in a historical period,
but it's utterly from...
the 20s.
Charlie Chan and his large family,
based on one Hawaiian policeman,
still did not actually exist.
And the others have an even more dubious provenance.
J.R. Bob Dobbs was dreamed up in the 20s.
I'm not at liberty to say exactly when.
You mean just a little squirt in his father's eye,
or something like that?
That's right.
Hmm.
That wandering milkman.
They say the Fuller Brush Man...
was born in the, uh...
in those comics that were popular during the 20s, too.
The, uh, eight-pagers.
Ah, history.
History.
That's all fake.
That's all fake news.
There's no such thing as truth anymore.
We don't just write the news.
We make it.
Yes.
If you don't want it heard on subgenius news,
don't let it happen.
Oh, thank you.
Hey, are we gonna hear that?
That's fine.




That song again that you were singing
during my sound test yesterday?
Ock, Sput.
I left it back up at the ranch house.
Well, I mean, at some point...
Oh, yeah, sure.
And I have written other songs.
I'd be happy to record each and every one for you
in excruciating detail.
Yeah, I've got some songs.
Well, they may work better
when there's not guitar players
accompanying you who don't know the song.
They may, although it would be nice
to have a voice come in on the chorus
when there's a chorus.
But we shall see.
Well, you've got Princess Wee.
She's a good backup singer.
That's right.
She's a professional.
Right, Reverend Dr. Mother Miller
is quite capable of coming in on the chorus.
We've got a heavenly choir right there.
Just so.
Such is my hope.
So, we've got that.
So, that's a promise.
Yeah, we're gonna hold you to it, Dr. Howell.
We're gonna hold Bob's nose to the fire.
Sure.
I think there's gonna be
a burning tonight.
Of Bob?
No, of an icon.
Okay.
Who put that together?
Who had the energy?
Dr. Fox and Cosmack.
Oh, good for you.
My God, those guys.
Young, energetic fellows.
Right.
They seem to think it'll last forever.
No, they're out buying lumber right now.
They drew up plans.
Can you believe it?
They must be emergentiles.
They actually drew, measured a diagram
of the boards they were gonna need.
I thought,
what?
Perhaps they didn't see the weather report
that it's gonna get hotter and hotter and hotter
with intermittent rains and so forth.
Well, eventually it's gonna get hotter and hotter
and hotter until fire and lava are raining from the sky.
That was what the Lord said long time ago.
People are always saying,
well, you see, he put his rainbow in the sky
to show that there'll never be another flood.
Sure, there'll never be another flood,
but he didn't say nothing about the fire that's coming,
which is, which actually did,
he did mention it.
He did say that there would be intense heat.
The fire age, which we're rocketing toward.
Yeah, that's a forecast for 7-10, July 5th.
You know, at the end of the Permian era,
the great dying was produced by a rise in heat planet-wide
by just a few degrees.
Hey!
99% of all life died at that time.
Yeah.
But...
Yeah, there were no trilobites after that, were there?
Trailer bikes, chiggerbites, and mosquitoes
collided aimlessly in the dense gas.
Right, that's what I care.
Then came the sponges that sucked up 90% of all life.
No, the world was also desertified.
The plant forms were dying out.
And if it was just unbearably hot,
because heat generates more,
there are conditions that generate heat.
So this temperature gradient has to be watered.
Yeah, but in the 70s, this liberal guy,
they wrote this book, he said,
the whole world was going to just be frozen.
It was going to be global cooling.
That's what he said in the 70s.
That proves that the scientists don't know nothing.
Well, it should be.
You probably fall for that millions of years old thing.
It should be, because we were due for another ice age,
but we circumvented that plan.
We're wiping out this science crap.
We're just going to put an end to it.
It's just, it's inconvenient.
And it's slowing us down.
We got money to make.
It's just pointless.
Here in the Church of the Subgenius,
this science stuff is going to be outlawed.
With the forbidden sciences,
and since all science is forbidden,
now we deal with all science.
All science high.
Yes, all hail, all science high.
Yeah, now that we're not supposed to do it,
we're going to do it 10 times harder.
I was doing it anyway.
I had decided that I'd return to my childhood religion
as a junior scientist.
Yeah, weren't you a little scientist?
Me too.
A junior scientist.
We all had our laboratories and experiments.
I'm still just a junior scientist,
and I'm a clown junior scientist.
A clown scientist.
My cousin had to have hazardous materials people come
with his laboratory.
And after my brother died,
I had to call them to have him
haul some of the stuff away from his lab.
But it was, you know,
they won't turn you into the authorities.
They just want to get it.
And they thank you.
And so there's, that's that.
Well, here at X-Day,
we don't care about these worldly things.
Well, we could make infernal devices right here.
If we had the ingredients, I could, I remember.
You could make what?
Bad things that people don't like.
But I could make them in my lab, and I still could.
All I need is the ingredients.
Oh.
Well, what kind of bad things?
Oh, like amusing.
Dynamite?
No, amusing smoke bombs that create dense walls of smoke
when you throw them and things like that.
Stink bombs?
Yeah, you just add sulfur for that.
Wasp attractant?
No, you have that.
I don't know where it is, Dr. L.
It might be punctured.
Oh, that, maybe that's what happened to me.
One year, I remember he had, saying he had a...

a package of yellow jacket attractant,
and he was saying,
well, whatever we do, we're not going to bring this to X-Day.
You know, because pranksters just couldn't keep from using it.
And lo and behold, the next time I saw it, it was at X-Day.
Yep.
That's before...
Tell us a genius not to do so.
I got stung in the face by a wasp
that just seemed to bumble into my face and sting me as an afterthought.
Well, like I was telling you yesterday,
the insects are my friends,
and I've ended up with my face like two inches from crawling red hornet nests.
And a bee of beards.
I mean, a beard of bees.
My camera does super slow motion close-ups.
And they love it.
It's like, you slowly move in and don't go at them fast.
You can end up just buzzing right by your face.
They don't...
I don't smell as sweet as Dr. Howell, though.
Unfortunately.
That's one reason he's here.
He keeps the bugs off my arms.
The wisteria chigger and so forth.
Mm.
I got a tick in Arkansas without ever being in nature.
I was only in airports, cars, a hotel, and Sterno's house.
And when I got home, Princess Wee found a tick on my ear hiding up in here.
There was a tick crawling on me in the pond last year.
I just flicked it off.
But it's similar to the mysterious bed bug that Pete Goldie was bitten by in our studio at Radio Valencia back home.
Because it created quite a panic, you imagine.
And everything had to be fumigated.
But the odd thing is he came in and there was a bed bug on him which then bit him as he watched it.
As you know, bed bugs just don't do that.
That is...
They didn't used to.
But they've been emboldened by the Trump administration.
Ah.
That must be it.
Yes.
That's right.
The bullies are back.
See, they're supposed to creep on you at night and delicately scrape away some skin until the blood wells up and then sip delicately instead of marching around in the daylight where you're seen and killed, you know, and biting so you can feel it.
But nonetheless, that's what this crazy mixed up bed bug did.
Oh, they were encouraged to just walk up and grab you by the pussy.
Well, uh...
It's okay to say that now.
Yes, anyway.
But a year ago, God, you'd go to jail for saying that.
Now you have to say it.
Now it's part of American political discourse.
Right.
And that's not all that's out there.
Who was it?
Reverend Carter LeBlanc wrote me...
Shooting blanks again.
...said in a little message to me, he goes, I really appreciate how the Church of the Subgenius helped prepare me for the society we have now where political discourse is basically...
...flame wars. Internet flame wars.
Screams of abusive invective.
Yeah, we all....slack was full of...it was completely uncensorable. And of course, it was full of just absolute jerks being mean all the time.
And that prepared us.
And that's why scrubgenius was created.
Yeah, it was. And it's much, much nicer.
I keep having people...
There's that contingent that thinks that we're somehow in control.

...of encouraging sexism by allowing stupid jock dorks to post stuff occasionally on an uncontrolled Facebook page.
And it's not uncontrolled. And actually, Reverend Eggplant or Dow Jones or even me, somebody comes along and usually takes down anything that's really stupid and shocking.
By the time I get there, it's already been taken down.
Right.
So I say, oop, surely nobody put that up. And I go there. And by the time my computer focuses its bleary screen on it, this post has been removed or could not be removed.

And so, on the next day, it's been gone.

Goddarn, I missed it. It must've been another bear picture...
Probably something like that...
A cute bear picture.
Yeah.
Which now somehow symbolizes the ultimate evil of all patriarchal white men.
Apparently it does. I didn't realize it was that detested or I would've stopped it down somewhat. But I never meant...it was never my joke anyway. It was somebody else's joke.
It wasn't a joke. It was a parable.
Do you need a third pair of headphones?
Yeah, we do need another headset. Oh, great. That would be really good.
Good. You got it.
I don't know what happened to my third one.
Your third nostril, your third pineal eye.
My third fist.
Up my third butt.
My third bun.
Speaking of third, did you know that whereas most of us are lucky just to be able to do number one and number two,
J.R. Bob Dobbs can do number three.
Oh, that's very disturbing.
It's beyond our understanding.
Yeah.
We know that he groans when he does it, and he has to have a special standing up ceramic thing in front of him.
A standing ovulation.
But yeah, Teeters Laverge actually was the one who brought us that information.
Is he here this year?
He should be showing up any minute.
A lot of people are going to come in tonight, I think.
Well, that's good.
We'll have a quorum, a consensus.
Dr. Legume is here.
Merry revelry.
But he's hiding.
Oh, yeah?
I guess.
You think he did come?
Is he here like Philo?
That is, he's here and then he's gone?
Maybe if he hears me say, I've got a bathtub full of pills and a big bag of froth for Dr. Legume,
maybe he'd come out of that trailer.
I can't guarantee.
A trailer, eh?
I'm just trying to lure him.
Yeah, he got the trailer.
He's a heart patient like me.
So we get special consideration.
Is that full of...
Chocolatels?
Oh, Sharpies.
I don't know which mail or thing I have, but you got them both.
Yeah, all the old subgeniuses have stents.
That's how you...
Splendid.
Yeah, you plug them in.
All right.
All right.
Oh, look at that.
Now we got even the right size adapter here.
We're cooking with gas.
You keep that.
Thank you.
And...
Now we're going to be more techno capable than ever.
This way, Reverend Mother Miller can hear the Esquivel.
Oh, yeah.

Yes.
Yes.
Which will add immeasurably to the experience.
But what about the...
Well, it's not monster movie music this time.
That's all right.
It's a light...
It's warm.
It's a warm day.
It's fine, yes.
So we...
I was trying to figure out how to turn that on.
I started it warming up, I thought, and then I walked away and forgot.
How about the...
There's a disc in that little...
There's a little machine that...
I guess if you push play, it might...
The few audience members, are they able to hear Esquivel's, Dalset musical signature?
If I can hear it, anybody can hear it.
That's true, Professor Calculus.
It's definitely a thing.
I can nose it up a little.
Let us see.
This is so much fun.
Glad you thought of it.
Art?
The great subgenius of art.



The genius brother, Cleve Duncan...
Yes?
...composed music with the Esquivel in his final years, in Esquivel's final years.
He was bound and he was in a bed, I think, but he was still...
He was still composing.
Yeah, he and brother Cleve actually did some stuff together.
At one point, Dr. Howell, I got to see a stack of hand-labeled reel-to-reel tapes in boxes.
It was Esquivel's old tapes.
He let Cleve have them to copy and remaster and stuff like that.
So, if subgenius gets obsessed enough with their mentors or their heroes, you never know,
they might end up working with them.
Reverend Bleepo Abernathy is working with the surviving Firesign Theater.
That's good.
That's...
That's...
You never know.
Maybe someday Ray Harryhausen won't be mad at me anymore.
Oh, wait, he's dead.
Well, he was really not mad at you for a long time.
He probably doesn't remember, but you know the weird thing about Ray Harryhausen,
the great special effects artist, he could know, he knew just by looking at a picture of Bob
that it was a cult.
I had a Bob t-shirt on.
Well, that is interesting.
Well, the word subgenius foundation in small letters, un-bubble.

Yeah.
So, it was under Bob's head with copyright information.
Harryhausen put two and two together and said, so is this a cult?
I was trying to get him to say, this is Ray Harryhausen and you're listening to the Hour
of Slak.
That was all I wanted, but he said, I just don't do, I don't know what it is.
I don't do endorsements for things I don't know.
Well, that's fair enough.
In your bathroom.
But I bothered him.
I came back and tried to get him.
I tried to convince him again.
And what happened?
He didn't answer.
What happened then?
Then he got kind of fed up.
Oh.
And his handler, the guy helping him out at this fantasy fair.
Yeah.
Said, I'll explain later, Ray.
You've got to watch out for these trolls.
They're such genius guys.
There's ones in the Acre mansion to keep you from going too far into Flory's shrines.
But in your bathroom, you have that plastic Tyrannosaurus Rex behind the toilet.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, sure do.
That was sculpted by Arthur Hayward.
Yeah.
He was the director for the British Museum.
The whole Invicta dinosaur series was.
Arthur Hayward worked with Harryhausen.
He sculpted some of the mysterious island things, the one million years BC dinosaurs.
He and Harryhausen together worked on them.
Wow.
Hayward kept Harryhausen paleontologically correct.
So there was a...
Then Hayward published a book of his.
Of his own about prehistoric animals where he showed some modified Harryhausen-esque creatures.
And Harryhausen himself felt like it was a betrayal, a personal betrayal.
So they were estranged for a time.
But they eventually made up because you see, Harryhausen never was mad at anyone for long.
They did make up and they were happy to make up and be friends again.
Okay.
As for not caring for cults, when Ray and Diana Harryhausen were house hunting, they
were shown a really nice place with a tower, a sort of medieval, pleasant looking.
They could get it for a song.
But they felt very uncomfortable and at ease there and didn't even want to sleep in the
place.
And finally, they got the real estate agent to admit that this was owned by Aleister Crowley.
And...
Nobody really wanted to stay in it for some reason.
Oh, give me a break.
Rock stars would pay extra for that.
They had trouble getting anybody to...
Didn't Jimmy Page live in Aleister Crowley's house?
Maybe he did get it instead of Ray and Diana Harryhausen, possibly.
Well, Ray was obviously interested in UFOs early on.
He was interested in...
The first flying saucer maybe, pretty much.
Fate, destiny, predestination, things like that.
Oh, see, he was in a cult himself.
Yes.
Some kind of crazy new age freethinker guy.
The idea that every movement was preordained from the beginning of time.
Okay.
Well, prove it's not.
Prove it's not.
See, that was ordained too.
That's proof.
The Persian mystics thought so.
The Sufis thought so.
Omar Khayyam, the astronomer poet of ancient Persia.
The Sufis thought so.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But then there's no wiggle room.
He was telling us that the world is going to end any minute.
If you believe that, you can't escape your fate, you see.
Wouldn't it be better if there was some escape clause?
Some way you could get out of it?
That's the problem with all such rigid system.
And what if our universe is rigidly determined?
It's not the only universe around.
Well, so they say.
That's what they say.
I'm supposed to take some egghead's word for it.
Well, they also...
Why don't you spray me with some quantum foam, and if I go back in time or turn into a giant monster, then I'll believe it.
They're trying to wriggle out of it too.
You see, you've got to give them credit.
They're trying to escape this plan.
Oh, yes, thank you very much.
Certainly.
Ah.
Reverend Dr. Mother Miller.
Reverend Dr. Mother Miller is bringing me some revivifying ice.
Little does she know, she'll have to pay 25 cents for a cup.
Yes, at the subgenius rockathon, young people are dancing up a storm here.
Oh, look at them frug.
It's been years since I've seen people doing the frug.
The Madison...
Oh, and there's some other ones doing the frog.
They're frugging and frugging.
That is amazing.
It's like we've crossed many boundaries.
It's like X-Day is like a time machine.
Just so.
Speaking of time machines, there's something I...
I've only read one sci-fi book that pointed out this particular problem of time travel.
And that is?
Our...
That you get left in the middle of space?
The minute you shift in time, yeah, you end up in your...
As soon as you stop traveling through time, you will be in the middle of outer space.
Clark Ashton...
Smith also wrote stories in that vein.
But...
He did, good.
Because H.G. Wells just kind of glossed over it.
I know he thought about it.
I think H.G. Wells is correct.
Well, that would wreck the story.
I think it's a matter of relativity that you do stay in an approximation of the locus.
Because otherwise...
So gravity affects you throughout time traveling?
Time travel is...
It would be an epiphenomenon of gravity.
Even the time machines that they figured out how to build now couldn't be built on planet
Earth and require massive gravitational objects and so forth.
You've read about those, the huge rotating gravity heavy structures that's supposed to...
How do you think I got here, past man?
Oh, you just...
I'm sorry.


I'm sorry.
You're not gonna slow down, are you?
Let the future speed up and fizz around you?
Well, I read one sci-fi book that they managed to send a man back in time in as much as his
mind was encoded and sent back in time, using titanic energies.
They were fairly...
And it was gonna be implanted in the head of an Aztec king, because they knew that this
Aztec king was gonna be at a certain place at a certain time, but they had to figure
out where the planet had been astronomically in order to beam this consciousness there.
And of course, unfortunately, it misses the king and hits the medicine man, the guy who's
about to be sacrificed and thrown down the pyramid stairs.
And hilarity ensues.
Naturally.
For free information, see...

www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob!
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
