The one God, one aim, one destiny for all, one race.
The human race.
The human race.
That was his last show on WCSB.
His show, African Abstract, has preceded Hour of Slack at WCSB for many years.
And he's the nicest guy in the world.
And I always loved his sign-off.
But he's moved on to another station.
We did two, actually.
We're on three more stations than we were last month.
But we're still in Cleveland and still faithful to WCSB.
For they...
Took us in when we were banished from KON and Dallas 20 years ago.
Ironically enough, for not being the right color.
This way to pink, right?
It's pink. It would be really pretty on you, though.
This way to pink, right?
It's pink. It would be really pretty on you, though.
This one has a little bit more pink.
This one has a little bit more pink.
This one has a li...
This one has a li...
This one has a little bit more pink.
I let Bobby Jr. do music for him one day.
One of Bobby's songs is perfect.
Welcome, welcome.
Everything's pink.
Everything's pink.
There's a large...
A large...
A large...
There's everything's being recorded.
There's a large...
There's a large...



There's...


There's voice...
There's...
There's...
There's voice...
individuals.
Everyone's hearing me?
I've been hearing you.
One ofроftheIsorsons has apparently been Barack Obama.
Truth is...
Now, Inex Wear.
I'm Bobbie.
I know, I know.
Listening to the same sounds over and over and over again.
Well, now, sometimes you hear it backwards.
I?
I'm Bobbie.
Drunk as Lemur, lurched out of the darkness.
This is the season for the house.
I'm alone.
From PR News in Washington, I'm Omar Gaddafi's son, sentenced to life in prison by Thursday.
NATO says the situation in Japan is very serious and very dangerous.
A change in tone from Monday when rebels hit the U.S. mainland.
One reason, the unexpected appearance of Vice President Trump.
President Biden, as he rallied his father's dangerous supporter, praising the people of Tripoli,
fighting two Somali men with the National Piracy Center.
Both admitted helping take over PR News in Washington.
Only J.R. Bob Dobbs can show you the subgenius power of the slacker.
The
U.S. is a country of the rich.
And all that wonderful mess there was edited by The Large, who, we were surprised to learn,
lives in...
Finland.
At 14X Day, he got the Bobbie Award that used to always go to Mr. Fernando Nani Lemur,
who has vanished.
I think he got mad when we made fun of the baggers instead of the choosers.
Anyway, this is Hour of Slack number 1324.
And we're kind of randomly running through some of my favorite recordings from 14X Day.
Mostly bands.
And singers.
And the lone ranters.
Starting with the gal whose diligence and bloody woolly brain is what kept X Days going
when I was about to give up in 2006 due to exhaustion and rage at the number of lazy
pinks who had green money but nothing else at all.
So now, the bloody woolly brain of Priestess Pisces.
So, 6 got the rage.
I got the impatience.
You know?
I get...
I'm so fucking tired.
And not just tired of being uninspired by the people who I see around me who are too busy
trying to drown me, who are too busy trying to bring me down because they've been saddened.
They're on the ground.
People who decide to fight not because it's their right but more because they feel bad
and they want everyone else to feel sad just like they do.
And that's a really fucking pink thing to do.
I'm so fucking tired.




I want to say to you, brothers and sisters, I still love you because you are members of
my cult.
And I accept you with open arms even though you may wish me harm because I know the great
secret that Bob's foretold.
I'm so fucking tired.
And it's true that even if they are pink, their money is still green.
But Bob has his own method for dealing with those who would do the most obscene thing
that you can ever do as a subgenius.
The most horrendous sin that you could commit.
Which is stealing.
And I'm so fucking tired.
I want to kill that subgenius who really can flatten the

Or maybe even all theCUchnage.
Because they don't like walrus-4 impossible stuff.
I have to find a way to get them to truly climb the hills amid their wilfulness.
Or maybe a more
pantalla watch.

They're not impressing me.
It's the vaunes that will tell me who's the feelest king in this fucking world.
your own saucer on X Day.
I don't wanna steal your slack, boys and girls.
That's not what I wanna do.
And I would love to see each and every one of you
share what I know you've got inside of you.
Cause we're a group of people who are the unwanted.
We're the mutants, the unloved.
We are the different and the peaked.
They would love to bring us down.
They would love to drag our souls into the mud,
into the ground, but it's a real,
real,
real bad shame when someone who bears their subgenius name
would choose to tear apart another's slack
by putting their own knife in the back.
That's really all that I have to share.
And I hope that now everyone is aware
that I'm not the only one who's a mutant.
And I want you to repeat after me
that most important rule
so that it's nailed into your skull.
So repeat after me, boys and girls.
The subgenius must have slack.
I can't feel that from you.
I don't think you're really into it.
So let's try it again.
The subgenius must have slack.
That's what I like to hear.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the point actually
where I could actually use a little bit of your help
because we need to know, I need to decide
what vocals to use next.
But the scary right bit,
I mean, it's good and everything,
but Miss Frilly Pants, by the way,
could I hear it, please, for Assistant Frilly Pants?
Normally for the wheel of mashup,
she is the vana for our wheel of mashup.
I have the virtual wheel.
She is here to negotiate the decision of vocals
for this next track,
which is going to be between Ozzy and Queen.
Ozzy and Queen, those are your choices.
So, all right, let's take a vote right now, please.
So first, Ozzy Osbourne!
And now Queen!
Whoa, kind of close.
What do you think?
Well, I think they asked for Queen,
but I like Ozzy better.
Oh, no.
Wait, so what do I do?
What do I do?
Can we do both?
I mean, it was your birthday recently,
so I'm willing to give you a little bit here.
Maybe I should do both.
Let's do both.
Okay, I'll do both.
We can do both.
That's all right.
And I think the best way I can send her,
though, is to make her run back.
Oh, okay.















Cast like witches at black masses
Even minds that plot destruction
Sorcerer of death's construction
In the fields the bodies burning
As the war machine keeps turning
Death and hatred to mankind
Poisoning their brainwashed minds
Oh Lord, yeah
Oh Lord, yeah
Oh Lord, yeah
Oh Lord, yeah
Oh Lord, yeah
Bloody or a boy, make a big noise
Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday
You got mud on your face, you big disgrace
Kicking your can all over the place
We will, we will rock you
We will, we will rock you
Bloody or a young man, hot man
Shouting in the sea, gonna take on the world someday
You got blood on your face, big disgrace
Waving your banner all over the place
We will, we will rock you
We will, we will rock you
Bloody or a poor man, poor man
Sitting with your eyes, gonna make you some
Be some day, you got mud on your face
Big disgrace, somebody better
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you
Put your bag into your waist
We will, we will rock you
We will, we will rock you
Everybody
We will, we will rock you
We will, we will rock you
Alright
Willie, can you handle this?
Michelle, can you handle this?
Beyonce, can you handle this?
I don't think they can handle this
McCoy Kelly, can you handle this?
Michelle, can you handle this?
Kelly, can you handle this?
Michelle, can you handle this?
It's actually very quiet up here.
Did we lose an amp?
How's the sound out there?
Oh, that's better.
Much better.
Can you handle this?
Get those UK handles, bitch.
Then we came alive.
Looking sexy, looking fly.
Nothing bad is tricking, tricking time.
DJ Gemini.
Tonight, spy on me, attend the fan, baby.
There you are, the common brain, baby.
Don't you want to put me to sleep?
Get the hip, hand me.
You're gonna do much better
if you're gonna dance with me tonight.
You're gonna hurt your jet lag
if you're gonna dance with me tonight.
I don't think they're ready for that jelly for no more.
I don't think they're ready for that jelly for no more.
I don't think they're ready for that jelly.
Me, I'm Taylor, Michelle, and Kelly.
It's time for take off.
I'm ready for this jelly.
I'm ready for this jelly.
I don't think you're ready for this jelly
My body too foodie, this just for you, baby
I don't think you're ready for this jelly
I don't think you're ready for this jelly
I don't think you're ready for this jelly
My body too foodie, this just for you, baby
Oh, I'm telling you, what a chance
When I walk with my hips just like boys in a dress
I'm hoping you can handle all this joy that I have
Now let's have a run while we shake it off
I'm about to break you out
Every time I'm going home
From my hips to my thighs
To my hips to my eyes
Looking hot to hot to hot to hot
Telling you who the light
I'm from the hood, let go of my shoulder
I love you, kid, can you handle, handle this?
Gotta do much better
Don't dance with me tonight
Gotta work your chest
Don't dance with me tonight
It's got the music in the Burger King bathroom
If you like what you see
Don't go fool with the hang with me
Bottomless, I got you too, so forget me
See, girl, it's time for takeoff
It's got the music in the Burger King bathroom
Give it up, this jelly
We had two bags of grass
Seventy-five pellets of mescaline
Five sheets of high-powered flora acid
For salt, sugar, and for cocaine
And you know the whole galaxy
We had bumpers, downers, screamers, whackers
We were bound to get one line of law
We got two dozen tables
And once you get locked into a serious drug collection
The tendency is to push you this far as you can
Bumpers, downers, screamers, whackers
Bumpers, downers, screamers, whackers



Somebody better warn you
Break the shunning, kill the twiddling, do it on
Blocking this pot like California
Bumpers, downers, screamers, whackers
Bumpers, downers, screamers, whackers
Make your No. 2 side last
Oh, I know all about those screamers
and laughers. That was the Evolution Control Committee live at X-Day 14, Wisteria Campground,
Ohio. It was really fun to watch and videotape Trademark Gunderson at work doing these mashups
live because he has his interocitor hooked up to a big screen so that the audience can see his
virtual desktop as he moves these loop tracks around on it. He's not just playing a CD,
and it's also fun to watch Princess Frilly Pants go-go dance and lead the crowd.
You can get it all, including their new album, at www.evolution-control.com.
I will try to get a YouTube of them up on my RevStang account.
Not finishing up the X-Day videos is one of my greatest sins.
Speaking of sins, we're doing something wrong, boys.
And what is that?
Over there, there's only about four guys and about 20 pretty girls.
Why don't you go and join them, Stang? It would be amusing to see them rise like a flock of
pigeons and come over here. No, I'm just kidding. You should go there. It would obviously ease
yourself to go over and give them a familial greeting from their pastor and friend.
Precursory glance reveals that they're all...
All gathered around bald men. Women like bald...
One in particular, Dr. Legume and his magnetic personality.
See, women like the men without hair. We don't learn this until it's too late in life.
By the time we figure it out, it's just not the same.
That explains a lot.
Yeah. They're just regiled. They're all staring straight at the scalp, I can tell from here.
Hmm. Well, of course, that's why the scalp is such an important prize to be taken,
by the way.
Native American warriors.
And yet, just beneath that little flap of skin lies the most important subgenius organ,
second only to the other most important subgenius organ.
What lies within that pulsing mass of gray matter?
What, the solid bone, you mean?
You got a bone up there?
The human Pachycephalosaurus. It's a solid mass of bone.
Yeah, if you...
If you were to X-ray J.R. Bob Dobbs' head, you would find that it was solid all the way through.
Almost solid. There is a small brain in there, but it needs protection from this bony layer.
Like the mighty Stegosaurus. He has a secondary brain at his hip bones.
I'm afraid that's a myth.
I know. I know that is.
What this is is a large glycogen body. It does help move the hind legs, though. The front end is somewhat forgetful.
Future subgeniuses.
Future subgeniuses will have to cut through that bone, remove it, and replace it with a slightly larger piece of plexiglass.
Yeah, they'll wear out a couple bone saws if the conspiracy ever gets their hands on Bob, but that will never happen.
It is then and only then will the hats come back into fashion so that when we tip our hat to a lady, they'll actually be able to see the size of your brain.
Well, you can put a clear dome over there so you can look in and see the brain.
And the brain is not that impressive to look at.
We have to take knowledge before.
And certainly if you've ever touched...
Or touched it or felt it, it's very unimpressive.
We could have done this years earlier, but the fact is...
It doesn't have a solid, meaty feel. It's like a meringue or something.
It's the little LED lights that make this really possible.
Because now, along the chrome edge of the plexiglass, the LEDs will light up the brain, so you'll be able to appreciate the...
I guess that's what was happening with Brainiac, Superman's... one of Superman's many enemies.
You remember him? He was a robot made to look just like a human, but the aliens who made him...
just left this little part sticking out, these little lights around the outside of his head or studs that stick out.
You'd think with all their skill, be able to make a human being a very marvelously contrived thing, they wouldn't have to have anything stick out.
But these little lights that Reverend Papa Joe Mama discusses will be a badge of status and honor in the unthinkable wonder world of tomorrow.
Of course, it kind of makes you wonder just how smart Brainiac was if he was trying to blend in.
Why didn't he wear a hat?
He had delusions of grandeur. You know, that also distinguishes these supervillains.
They have to stand out in some way.
I think they just want to blend in.
Now, take Superman. Superman is an alien pretending to be a human.
All these other guys are humans, and then they transform into the super guy.
Batman is really Bruce Wayne.
But Clark Kent is Superman.
Superman is not really Clark Kent.
Clark Kent is the fiction, and Superman is the reality.
And you know, folks, we've been over this before, but he's not even human.
Sex with Lois Lane or any other babe with the initials LL would be bestiality.
He's shaped like a human because of a phenomenon we call convergent evolution.
And if the sperm of a Kryptonian were to escape,
it would also have super powers, be able to fly and transect normal speed.
And if Clark Kent, so-called, had a nocturnal emission,
the whole vicinity and environs of Smallville would be illuminated by the purplish glow of Cherenkov radiation
as these super sperms flew about.
And where would they be going?
To the house of Lena Lang or whatever teenage babe they fancied.
Lisa Lefkart.
Yes, any with LL that allows you to be the mate of a superior being.
But, of course, in the normal course of things, as we know from our sex education lectures,
the conception of a human occurs as a sort of gangbang
where all these spermatozons try to be accepted by the egg.
And they all cluster in, but only one is accepted.
The membrane then keeps the others out.
But with these super pensozoins, you have very young spermatozoans and the other spermatozoans is already dead.
super sperms, there'd be no contest. They'd all pile in there, you know, and there would be no
generation, which is perhaps a good thing since if such a cross-fertilization were to occur,
the resulting offspring might kick its way out of the womb or do something even worse with its
developing x-ray vision. So you wonder why none of this ever happened. Well, that's also part of the
bothersome aspect of Superman. He also has super self-control. He doesn't get to have an orgasm on
his own or let himself go. No, and when he punches a bad guy, he's pulling his punch 10,000 times.
When his punch could send a planet out of orbit, he's barely nudging the guy, and he's causing
multiple jaw fractures, loss of teeth, broken collarbone, all these problems just by barely
tapping them. Where is the satisfaction?
Where is the full-blooded enjoyment? That doesn't come with the superhero. That comes with the
supervillain who gloats with pleasure over what he does. And usually has a cute girlfriend.
Yes, in some fetching costume, too. Maybe Superman is just not out yet, and he's trying to, you know,
give all appearances that he's straight and hanging out with these gals, but he never really
consummates it. It could be that Superman is in an undeveloped or immature
situation.
We don't know how long a Kryptonian lives. His nads may not even have developed in the natural course of things.
And under our yellow sun, they may develop in an abnormal fashion. Who needs red kryptonite?
But these are abstruse matters of theology, which probably don't interest most of our audience.
It's also possible...
I don't know. Actually, this is my favorite part of the whole show so far.
They may not actually give a normal childbirth.
They may not actually give a normal childbirth on planet Krypton. They may have to do test-tube babies.
They may decant them out of bottles. You know, there's such a thing as being too scientifically advanced.
It would explain a lot of things.
Well, you know, how can they come? They can only send one baby.
Actually, a lot of Kryptonians survived the catastrophe.
Yeah, what about Supergirl?
The bottled city of Kandor, or Supergirl's hometown, which was blasted out as one...
Is she related to Superman?
Distantly, yes, but close enough so that they can't have sex either.
However, he could shrink down and go into the bottled city of Kandor for R&R, and maybe that's what he does.
Did they come to bodily harm?
Well, it would if someone blundered and smashed the bottled city of Kandor, as in one so-called imaginary story where the Superman bizarro did just that.
Or actually startled Superman so that he broke the bottled city of Kandor.
I always wondered how they got those ships in that bottle.
It was, you know, the skyscrapers and everything.
They just shrink them down.
But there were a turn deposit for the bottle of Kandor once it was used up.
There will be one day, but it's Kryptonian, and probably if the entire Earth blew up, that would be floating among the detritus.
Don't tell Brady, eh?
Oh, we got one more?
And who is a Misfits fan?
Me.
Okay.
I am.
Because?
Because?
Well, I got something to say.
I killed your baby today, but it doesn't matter much to me as long as it's dead.
Well, I got something to say.
I raped your mother today, but it doesn't matter much to me as long as she's dead.
I had the salted meat, I had the
I got something to say
I raped your mother today
But it doesn't matter much to me
As long as she's spread
Sweet lovely death
I'm waiting for your breath
Come sweet death
One last caress
One last caress
Sweet death
One last caress
Sweet death
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
You're up for buddy day
The Duke of Uke
Live at 14X Day
Accompanied in this case
By
By
By
By

By
By









I recently had to admit to the Duke
That I'm so ignorant of pop music
That usually his versions of tunes
Including that one
Are the only versions I've ever heard
Only when he does real oldies
Like Anarchy in the UK
Do I actually get it
I quit hearing pop radio
When my kids learned to drive
And the big hit song then
Was called, I think, something like
Can't find the butter man
Duke of Uke, by the way, is at duke-of-uke.com
Before that, Papa Joe Mama, Dr. Howland, you are truly at the Wisteria Cafe stage.
Next up, and also heard in the background on these credits,
Boron Nuzzle, live at X-Day.
I might get a remix of this next week.
It'll make me wish I hadn't used this soundboard version, but it sounds good to me.
Of course, I need a hearing aid.
Boron Nuzzle is not just on Mars, as heard below, but also on Facebook,
and their name is spelled Boron, one R, Nuzzle, not nozzle.
We are...
tuning in our receivers now to receive the year 2037.
We have triangulated on the planet Mars.
We're receiving the last known transmission from the ill-fated Argo.
Terraforming mission to turn the red planet blue.
Here is what we received.
We received a warning that the planet is under attack.



I'm not sure how much of this will get back to Earth.
Maybe none of it.
The equipment is in really rough shape.
Still, I feel like I have to try to explain so people back home will know what happened.
We had just sent down the last automated equipment.
Seems funny, doesn't it?
The robotic components will set the terraforming machinery into motion.
The farms will start their work.
Food growing on Mars for people who will never be able to get back home.





there to eat it. It will get harvested and then rot in the retrieval bins. Well, at least
until the next group of astronauts make it here. I can't remember how long the terraforming
equipment can run without human intervention, but I imagine it will be long enough for the
next mission to find it in good working order. Water in blue skies, here we come. Wish I
could be here to see it. We never knew what exactly hit the ship. Like I said, the last
payload was deployed, and we were prepping the lander to make our descent. All I know
is it had to be a billion to one that it would happen at all. Something hit us! It was that
fucking simple! I saw Dr. Jenkins and Dr. Watson sucked into the black without suits!
They had it easy! Beverly actually clawed at my faceplate in her last few seconds as
her capillaries froze! I saw them all! They're all dead!
I'm the only one alive up here! I was just coming back in from an exterior shipwrap!
It doesn't matter! They're all dead! I hadn't removed my helmet when the hull was breached!
The atmosphere was sucked out! There probably isn't much air left in this suit, but even
if I had a lifetime of air, it wouldn't matter. The ship's orbit is degrading quickly! I'll
be burned up on entry! My ashes will rain down on Mars!
I love you, Mom and Dad! I'm sorry I won't be coming home! Thank you for all you gave
me!
For raising me! For singing me goodnight when I was a kid! Remember the itsy bitsy
spider? He climbed up the water spout! Down came the rain and washed the spider out! We
were the spiders! And an asteroid was the fucking rain!
What's next is an absolutely sweet acapella piece, I believe, by one of the most sweet
and seemingly, seemingly innocent women in the church. So without further ado, I would
like to introduce to you with a special song she wrote just for you, Popus Pantiera.
Woo!
Huh?
I got it.
I got it.
Yeah.
Thank you, Pisces. And after that really energetic song, I want to bring you back down
just a little bit. I want to remind everybody that the Pleasure Saucers are going to be
here in two fucking days. I can't count. And of course, the pleasure is the first priority,
but the second priority is to destroy the fucking planet! Destroy the planet and everyone
in it.
Woo!
Yay!
I love the feeling!
Bring it on!
The rhyme I was
going to give to you is called, when you rage upon the pink, doesn't mean you're not happy,





matter what you think, anything your heart desires will come to you. If you make those
pink boys scream, no punishment is too extreme. When you rage upon a pink as yeti do, Bob
is kind. He gives to those who hate a chance to masturbate to their secret longing. Look
for spaceships in the sky. Blood will rain and they will die. When you rage upon a pink
your dreams come true.
Holy fucking shit. What the hell?
And you can see Popas Pantiera Ivakovich with her shirt off at the 14X Day
photo pages at subgenius.com. Actually, there's some good Bunny Day cleavage there too, not
to mention Susie the floozy and many others. Anyway, it's not all good looking women at
X Day, friends. There are many short, funny looking men like yours truly, and also the
great St. Andrew the Impaled from Pittsburgh, who will be heard next. He's best known as
a sideshow marvel who has nailed screwdrivers.
He's only killed some people KEVIN SHERMAN AND AL這樣 ayakdemと TIME
VIKINGS
TOURISM
S었습니다
SAV buya
The
этот
WORLD
KLEIN
VH
MUL recommendations
S Teams
creates
Do
Kind
I saw you looking me up and down
Then I saw you looking all around
That cool guy at the bar, his name is Jim
But he's got good taste so you ain't leaving with him
You need a guy gonna make you feel good
Not dwell upon your faults like the other guys would
Like your green teeth and your knobby ass knees
What you really need is a fella like me
Cause I got low standards
I got low standards
I got low standards
So why don't you get with me
Now you might think that I'm very refined
But I'm just looking for a kind of good time
So what if you're bald?
If it's too nice, I'm not that guy
I'll just dim the lights a bit
I'll just dim the lights a bit
Weird diseases from your previous foes
Don't bother me, I got some of my own
Cause I got low standards
I got low standards
I got low standards
So why don't you get with me?
You got a list with every letter but N
You say who and I say when
You say most of you is starting to sag
I say grab that colostomy bag
And get into my car
It's a piece of crap
I just toss a bird's-gig
The trapper's right in the back
And we'll head off to your place or mine
Or just find the parking lot
Shit, that'll be fine
Cause I got low standards
I got low standards
I got low standards
So why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Oh, wait, wait, wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, oh, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit
I forgot the last verse
I chalk it up to a poor choice of words
When you say that the Holocaust never occurred
You think stem cells are part of your phone
And that bathing is for those too cheap for cologne
Well, I got a can of spray here to cover the smell
And earplugs cause your voice is grating as hell
Be sure to wear a mask when you go to the bathroom
Besides, the things you say, you must be out of your mind
You make the guests on Springer look like fucking Einstein
But I don't mind
Cause I got low standards
I got low standards
I got low standards
Why don't you get with me?
I got low standards
I got low standards
I got low standards
So why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
Why don't you get with me?
honor of officiating at their wedding many years ago at a church in Pittsburgh.
Next, the first of some descriptions of getting to X-Day at Wisteria.
Soon we'll play the hilarious testimony of Dr. Zeronius and Reverend Milquetoast, but
for now, because this one has less cussing, we'll hear Dr. Sinister's description from
his show Radio Synesthesia, which happens to follow Hour of Slack on Sunday nights on
WCSB Cleveland.
The views and opinions expressed on this program are not necessarily those of WCSB or Cleveland
State University or anyone associated with them or anybody with their head screwed on
straight or their sanity half intact, or these might not even be the views and opinions of
those expressing them.
You just don't know.
What it is.

What it is that's going on here.
I might be the last person to know myself, and in theory, I'm here sitting at the controls,
but I haven't a clue what I'm doing.
I'm Dr. Sinister, and I'm not a real doctor.
I just play what on the radio.
The name of the program is Synesthesia.
I'm going to talk a little bit about my adventures in Southern Ohio.
I had an awful time getting to X-Day.
This was...
And you know, I can't put...
I can't put any kind of blame on Reverend Stang for this.
It's, you know, Wisteria is a very interesting venue for a festival.
It's a very interesting venue.
It's in this little corner of Southern Ohio off a state route that forms a triangle of
state routes, but you would not guess that these were state highways.
I mean, the roads were well maintained.
You know, they appear to have been freshly paved within the last couple of days.
It's interesting because the speed limit is 55 on these roads.
Periodically, you see these signs saying, warning, curve ahead, you know,
the little curved arrow on the yellow diamond sign, you know, that kind of thing.
And frankly, I don't know why they even bother with those signs,
because really, the road is just one curve after another.
And the speed limit's 55, and they say, hey, there's a curve up ahead.
You might want to slow down to 30.
I take turns in the city fast and tight all the time.
I consider myself a pretty good driver.
But I found myself slowing to a crawl with these curbs and these roads in Southern Ohio.
Meigs County, Meigs County, Meigs County.
I don't know how you pronounce it.
I read about it in High Times many years ago.
I'm not kidding.
First time I ever heard of that county.
Was in High Times.
High Times has a reputation for growing spectacular wild ganja.
And there certainly is a lot of wilderness where someone might, you know, grow something there.
So these roads were twisting and turning.
And of course, I really wanted to get there before dark.
I really wanted to get there before dark.
My intention was to go there on Friday.
Really, really, really wanted to get down there before dark.
Well, you know, it got to be dark sometime, sometime, you know, down.
And by the time I got down to, you know, Guernsey County or something like that on I-77.
And I got lost in West Virginia for a time.
Man, you don't want to get lost in West Virginia.
Actually, the proper name of the state is West Bagad, Virginia.
That's the proper name of the state.
Now, I don't want to insult that state because, you know, I have ancestors from that part of the country.
I got some hillbilly blood in me.
I do.
But I ended up in Parkersburg, downtown Parkersburg, like 10 p.m.
or so.
And let me tell you, man, downtown Parkersburg, West Virginia, there's nothing but strip clubs there.
It looked like a great place to buy meth and get a lap dance from someone with no teeth.
That's that's what it looked like.
I'm not sure how long Dr. Sinister would last down in Stang County, Texas, where my family lives.
Anyway, up next is a relatively new subgenius ranter.
Our latest superstar, you might say, because he's young.
And handsome and hides the more sub part of his subgenius ism.
Well, he's become the new co bulldada auctioneer with Dr.
Howl at X Day Drills.
And I had no idea he was also a singer until he suddenly appeared on stage doing this.
We've been having a lot of drama over the inter lately, but people seem to forget that the Internet is just made of people.
Mostly pinks.
But, you know, some of us are on there.
Um, quite a few of us.
We're on there more than we should be.
And we tend to forget that all these perversions and all these assholes and everything were there the whole time.
It's just made it easier to communicate.
This is a little song about that.
You think of yourself as a regular person, although lately it seems as though someone's put a curse on you.
Become a cesspah CP and music of Rick Astley.
You find yourself seeking the attention of strangers.
You don't want to leave your home or crave a sense of danger.
You might not know what to do.
Well, have I got news for you.
You can do it on the Internet and it's okay.
Nobody's really watching you anyway.
Just the FBI and the CIA.
Hey.
You'd be surprised what you can do with anonymity.
Shop for railing from a girlfriend to a new TV.
You're a 50 year old man.
But to all your friends, you're a swimsuit model named Roxanne.
There's a wealth of information at your fingertips.
Like what a 12 year old thinks of Russian politics.
You'll find experts with plenty of clout.
And if you're lucky, they might not know.
What they're talking about.
But the Internet might seem like a scary place.
When you're a picture of innocence.
You haven't even seen your first tits.
But you've always dreamed of it.
Well you can see them on the Internet with no problem.
Every size and shape and color.
We got loads of them.
A word to the wise.
What you've seen.
You won't be able to see.
You won't be able to erase from your eyes.
Oh, R-O-F-L-G-T-F-O-L-R-A.
If you understood any of that, it's far too late.
Your girlfriend is about to give birth.
Oh honey, give me a sectary for slash dot first.
Oh Faraday cages and tip oil hats.
Tape some bacon to your cats.
Here's your fist.
Fifteen minutes.
Oh come and get it.
Oh you shouldn't have posted those pictures on 4chan.
You're being taken away by the party van.
This may be the best it gets.
Hope you leave with no regrets.
It's probably best just to forget.
Welcome to the Internet.
You know there are rumors and always have been of special substances which are not subjected to age.
The famous gateway over the entrance of hell, for example, is made out of some kind of eternium.
Only those elements time cannot wear were made before me and beyond time I stand.
And in the same way the bodies of angels and demons are made before me.

I am an animal made of eternal stuff.
An animal like that would be stick-sit up your ass.
It could happen.
What does that sign?
But it's actually a privilege to be temporary and not have the responsibility of an eternal existence in one particular shape or form.
Remind us, Dr. Howell, what does that sign above hell actually say?
Abandon hope all ye who enter here.
Abandon hope all ye who enter here.
Lasciati ogni speranza voci in frate.
Yeah, it was in Latin I was looking for.
It's Italian.
It's Italian.
Dante didn't write in Latin and that's why his work was considered low-class trash.
It wasn't written in Latin that educated people spoke.
It was written in Italian, some kind of pig language that was spoken by people.
And only after years and years did it gain the luster of some sort of musty classic.
But it's actually quite a spicy read if you follow it.
What was wrong with him?
There was nothing the matter.
He simply had lost his way, confused in a wood.
Another poet who was responsible for pig Latin of sorts would have been Geoffrey Chaucer who refused to write the Canterbury Tales in French.
And instead he wrote it in the pig English.
He wrote it in fine, vigorous 14th century English, which he got to help because of the permanency of language.
The success of that treatise of all the tales in the Canterbury Tales led to the English language being written for the first time in novels being written.
Or not novels, but stories.
Well, stories.
There had been such stories before.
I know we have an urgent question from the audience, Papa Joe, if I may interrupt you briefly.
And what is that?
What is the definition of New Guinea?
Why, it's a land far from here where they don't get to have a lot of people.


They don't have X day the way we do.
No, it's an Italian baptism.
Well, as you wish.
Our baptismal ceremony is superior.
You will find that out.
More New Yorkers are working here today.
A live bit of slack there from Dr. Hal and Papa Joe Mama being tormented by perennial Bobby Award winning heckler Dr. Dar, who not only heckles ponderfully, but also provides the bull dotted drive-in.
Show at every X day drill.
Incidentally, you're listening to the hour of slack from the Church of the subgenius.
More information about all of that and our books and links to our guests websites can be found at subgenius.com.
And now we close with a classic bit of Fat Man D and her amazing pipes, a song with a story behind it.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I think we have a little time left.
I know we've got a bunch of other performers tonight, and I'm really excited about every single one of them, especially Andrew the Impale and his new drummer and my good friend Trademark and his beautiful lady.
I'm so excited.
The evolutionary fucking control committee came back to the Midwest.
Fuck.
Yeah.
Breakfast, breakfast, breakfast.
Sorry, I got excited.
Don't.
I haven't seen you since we shared Indian tacos on Highway 47.
Those were some fucking delicious Indian tacos.
Fry bread, ground beef.
The Indianist.
Oh, man.
So I'm going to plug this in.
I met Trademark here out of this little wing ding in the desert.
It's called the Burning Man.
I learned today that the act that went on before me, the adorable and unquenchable DJ Shaver, he and I were at Burning Man in 96, and how we did not end up fucking in the camera obscura, I will never know.
We must have been just like one little bald fat girl and one tripped out dude from Massachusetts passing in the night.
So anyhow, he asked me if I had ever been in one of the operas put on by Pepe Ozan in the desert who used to do these ridiculous things.
He would build mountainous sculptures out of clay that he harvested from the nearby hot springs, and he would fill them, these hollow sculptures, with fire.
And they had bridges and spires and copolas and all kinds of ridiculous shit.
And teeming casts of naked hundreds and hundreds.

And hundreds of people doing the most debaucherous things.
And they would sing songs like,
Devil tonight, fire delight.
We would always make fun of him going,
I'm so hungry, chicken delight.
Anyhow, he didn't like that.
Anyhow, in following years I begged him, Pepe, please let me be in your opera.
I really want to be in one of your operas.
I even took a ride with my cello strapped to my back,
on the back of a Harley Davidson.
My friend Flynn Mouthy drove me across the playa to go find him.
And I said, please, you know, let me do a little something.
It doesn't have to be Mike.
No one has to know.
I just want to be part of it.
And he said, you know, I think we have very good singers from Europe,
and I don't think we will be needing you, but I appreciate your interest.
So anyhow, I wrote him a little song.
And I sang it for him once out there.
The Burning Man in his trailer.
I sang it to him.
It was before I had a backing track or a band to play it.
And he said, this song, it is making a little fun of me, yes?
And I said, how can you say that?
I love you, fucker.
I just wanted to be one of the reindeer games.
So anyhow, this is his song.
It's called Pepe.
I'm sure you all have a little Pepe in your life.
And for that, I am...
equally happy and sorry for you simultaneously.
Pepe.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Pepe.
Ooh.
Ooh.
He ain't no gypsy yet.
He ain't no Jew yet.

He ain't no gypsy and I know he's not a Jew.
But he's my Pepe.
And he's better than you.
If you should see him, don't run away.
If you should see him, you must not run.
Run away.
If you should see him, be sure to praise him.
He.
He.
He's Pepe.
Lord, he's Pepe.
Yes, he is my Pepe.
You know he's my Pepe.
Wouldn't you like to be a Pepe too?
But if you were Pepe,
what would you do?
Take it away, Coral Chinador on the saxophone.
He couldn't be with us here tonight
because he actually plays with the Goo Goo Dolls now
and they pay him better than I ever did.
But we can enjoy his music.
He's Pepe.
He's Pepe.
He's Pepe.
He's Pepe.
He's Pepe.
He's Pepe.
He's Pepe.
He's Pepe.
He's Pepe.
He's Pepe.

He ain't no gypsy, yeah.
He ain't no Jew.
He ain't no gypsy and I wish he could be a Jew,
but he's my Pepe.
And he's better than, my damn it, he's better than you
If you should see him standing right there
If you should see him with his long flowing hair
You're blessed with Pepe
Because he has no, yes he has no hair
Wouldn't you like to meet a Pepe too?
I don't know that I ever met a Pepe

I never felt like a Pepe myself
Fat Mandy at X Day
That was her
Fat is spelled P-H-A-T
And Mandy is spelled M-A-N-D-E-E
This has been our Slack number 1324
The uncensored version is on our website
Praise Bob
