It's time, but unfortunately that nice stuff has come to an end because now it's time for the subgeniuses.
Oh, you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
We subjected it to careful editing to eliminate elements which we might consider in questionable taste for late night viewing.
As it will be shown, it is well within the restrictions of the television code, which is even more restrictive and stringent in many areas than the industry code.
We are sensitive to the concerns which prompted your letter and assure you that this network will continue to adhere to the high standards we have maintained throughout the years.
Thank you.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius power of sweat.
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Sponsored by the church of the subgenius.
The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station and only in the city of...
Welcome dear friends to the subgenius...
...again we've heard that before.
...there.
A little background music.
And a little introduction tape going out of the way.
way there's lots of little tapes tonight dear friends now that we're at a higher power or if
not a higher power at least a higher plane of broadcasting and uh and also because the hour
of slack has yet another show playing playing us in rochester new york hi goby because of all that
well we've been lately i think some of you may have noticed we've been replaying the old proto
original uh seminal literally seminal semi-explanatory subgenius media barrage tapes
our churchly tapes and tonight we'll be playing that ancient long forgotten or long shunned
media barrage number 12 side
two
the which was a compilation a best of compilation of the the kpfa berkeley more than an hour less
than a show show from that show's second year in in berkeley we're able to play these because
ancient templates of striated copper when were unearthed by archaeologists
uh a few years ago we were able to uh figure out a type of
phonograph needle like device that would play these ancient recordings and uh that's what we're
going to be bringing you tonight we've cleaned them up as much as we can however you will have
to listen very closely to um to fix my microphone there that's it's so clear now it sounds wonderful
doesn't it
be


i
don't know
i

wouldn't
suck
that work
me when it's short
also the callers to that show, because that show is allowed callers, whereas ours is not,
and it's best that way, really. I think we've proved that. Right, Buck?
Hi, girls.
We've sold about a thousand of this fine tape, but not to any of you listeners. I know that
there's another few hundred thousand of you listening to this tape that I'm on right now.
First, however, before we play the old KPFA wonderment, the bewonderman there, I'm going
to put on some explanatory narration by Dr. Howell, written by myself, Reverend Ivan Stang,
with music by D.K. Jones, taken from the subgenius training video, Arise, which will not explain
our church of the subgenius.
This is to anybody except those who are already potential, if as yet unadmitted, subgenii.
So, it's, once again, sort of an explanatory show. Some of you may have heard, some of you more
faithful out there may have heard some of this before, but most of it I doubt if you have, and
I'll warn you, you're going to have to listen real close. If you think the first stuff's hard to
listen to, you change.
You better put your elephant ears on, boy.
By the way, the stark fist is printed and will be mailed, oh, next couple of weeks, say,
say, something like that.
Look, prosperity, by blowing them off.
Bob's promises to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior, to explore new ways
of going over the edge.
And coming right up.
Coming right back.
Plus, to bring back those who couldn't make it on their own.
To help you create the highest possible earnings from the psychodynamics of abnormality.
To turn conspiracy implanted personality disorders around.
And channel them into an illusion of creativity that will fool normals and get you sex.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Welcome to Babylon, children.
It's great to be here in the belly of the beast tonight.
Before we get started with our second L.A. revival,
if we could all please bow our heads and have a moment of sacred, traditional noise.
Little realized, even by leading scientists, there are really two races,
actually two distinct species of so-called human beings.
If you gaze upon any given street,
normally you might never suspect that only some of these people are true humans.
Outside appearances offer no clue that among this ordinary-looking crowd,
on an ordinary day,
a certain number of these people are actually subgeniuses.
We would have to creep inside their heads to know whether this person or that carries the rare subgenius gene.
But once inside those heads, we would discover a vast new universe,
a new dimension, coexisting, not always in harmony,
alongside the mundane workaday world of the common,
algebraic style of man, human, another world that until now has been forced into hiding.
Now at this very moment
the veils of secrecy can be torn aside.
We, the persecuted, may now dare to raise our heads high and declare,
BEHOLD US!
For we are the subgeniuses!
But what is a subgenius?
How can they, we, differ so much from the humans,
whose nonsensical laws and customs we have been forced to obey?
Why have so many of us been kept in ignorance of our true heritage,
a heritage that dates back farther than man is thought to have existed?
For in the days of Atlantis, we helped to design the humans.
Certainly, in retrospect, this now seems to have been our greatest mistake.
So, what is the difference?
Examine this seemingly docile crowd,
and know that in some few, simmering beneath a placid surface,
there broils a veritable cauldron of repressed subgenius awareness,
ready at any moment to explode outward, often with catastrophic results.
Oh no! And here it comes now!
Oh ho ho!
The most catastrophic results of the Church of the Subgenius, dear friends,
are those that are splattered across the airwaves of Berkeley on a weekly basis.
And now, I'm gonna force you here in...
...your town here...
...to...
...to hear those awful things.
Ow! Oh! Oh! I told you!
The Church of the Subgenius
The high epop of the Church of the Subgenius, as everyone knows,
J.R. Bob Dobbs is probably man's only path to salvation in these end times.
Seen here in the Visitron at the age of four.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Oh!
This is secret puzzling evidence.
That's right. Once again, secretly famous here on K.P.F.A.
Paleolithio treatment coming up for those...
No, it's Kanoan. No, it's...
...KPFA?
And look for the...
No, it's...
...to Brown...
No, it's Kanoan. It's...
Oh, please, really. It is Kanoan.
And now, here he is!
The star of our country!
Bob.
Bob.
Bob!
Now, at last.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
No.
Not me.
His lips aren't moving.
But he's...
He's looking at me.
And he's saying to me...
Oh, no.
Bob!
Good morning.
What's your money?
Okay, you got it.
What's your address?
My address is...
Okay, thanks, guys.
Okay.
There we go.
Thank you.
Okay.
Smooth as pie.
Look out, Paul!
Well, we got rid of one.
There goes the piano.
Phil's next.
Hello?
Okay.
Okay, Phil, stand up in front of this car right now.
Yeah, don't worry about the rushing headlights and the screeching sounds.
Wait, I'm in the room with a listener.
No, it's all right.
Put the listener back in your pocket.

The listener can...
Listeners are expendable.
Well...
Doctor's takeoff.
Huh?
What?
Are you serious?
Huh?
The doctors are always on the show seriously.
What do you mean?
I don't know what I mean.
I don't want to hear any more of it.
Well, I don't know what I mean either.
He took the form and pulled it out and tore it up on the floor.
I don't want to hear any more of it.
And you said, are you serious or are you just being on the show?
And I said...
At the same time, there's many, many things.
Suddenly, the doctors suddenly left the vaccine for no reason at all.
I did get a request because...
There's many, many...
Oh, Bob, turn down the sound effects.
I got to get the directions to my house to hear them.
Okay, yeah.
Okay, listener, now, where is it that we live?
Right, how do I get there?
I don't know.
I guess you could drive down one of the main streets until you hit Berkeley.
Wow.
Got it.
Dead center.
Those primitive peasants didn't believe our story, but they believed it when the mushroom
cloud blasted them off the island.
And we've got to ask you about that.
By the time I got to .stock...
Tell me that Bob may live.
I asked him, why are you alive?
Hold on to the phone.
Okay, there are very far...
Ah!
Ah!




Scared away to call our...
Come on, guys, let's drive down Shattuck Avenue real fast.
This station's hard to steer.
Check orange light sequence two.
Yeah, well, at least out here in space where we don't talk about nothing, there's lots
of continuity.
Check emergency override switch.
Yes, but don't worry, little subgeniuses.
This war that we're trying to start on the air right now isn't for you.
Oh.
More?
More book.
More book.
You are absolutely amazed.
Yeah, I know.
Want some more book?
I don't know.
It's got some nice big fat places you can just blast your fist right into it.
Kill me!
Ah!
Yeah, we paid for them bombs.
Why couldn't we get the thrill of pushing the button?
And we paid for the schools.
That's right.
If I paid for that school, how do you want it?
Blow it up.
Well, what if I go anyway and I can pretend?
Because, you know, after something's happened, all you have left is a memory so you can just
pretend and convince yourself that you're alive.
Oh, I wouldn't do that.




I wouldn't worry about the memories none.
But then I won't have the Kodak.
No one has a Polar.
It was just a dream.
It was just a bad dream that, uh, you know, you never went to school.
It was just a dream.
It was just a bad dream that, uh, you know, you never went to school.
The past memories of my life that I no longer live.
That would be awful.
And let's have an awful little song.
Your memories.
Boy, I bet you didn't expect me to be listening tonight.
Your memories are fading.
Just by chance, I heard you guys came along.
Oh, your memories are fading.
I've got to wake up tomorrow.
Even as you speak, your memories are fading.
I've got to wake up tomorrow.

Oh, your thoughts are gone.
I've got people floating about unregulated, you know.
They're not your own.
Everybody's floating around now here in the morning.
Oh, your memories are fading.
After the bomb.
Where do I come from?
You come from the show.
What is my name?
What am I doing here?
The nuclear bomb.
All right, come on.
What color is your memory?
Was this my dream?
Or a man or a tiny bomb?
How could you tell me that?












You're going to tell me that now?
You're going to tell me that now?


Yeah, you're memories.
Was it real at all?
You're out?
This is real.
This is real.
This is real.
Inhuman, this is me?
Yes.
We're all you.
I never sound like this.
I only hear you sleep.
But I'm using the puzzling evidence voice because it saves on batteries while I think
with your brain.
Well, I've seen that so-called puzzling evidence before and may be puzzling where it comes
from, but as far as I'm concerned, it's just a lot of the same hoopla that they've been
feeding us all these years.
Somebody ought to do something about this business before it gets completely out of
hand.
Well, if that kind of thing doesn't bother me, what I want to know is when I talk to
somebody, is he real when I'm talking to him?
Only when you're talking to him is he real.
When he tries to answer, he becomes tape again.
Oh my God.
Is this for real?
No, no, no.
This is just a tape.
Relax.
It is not the day before or the week between.
It's just the show.
The show that, yes, was thrown into the bay three weeks ago.
They're not actors.
And it struggled free of its chains and it floated up, swam back to the studio here,
climbed up the antenna, and is now running all the way down those little air wires right
into your ears.
Hi, you're still on the air.
There will be a test on this show.
Stay tuned.
You never know when you're here or not on this show because there are so many doctors.
Just a few dugs, sprinkle a few Gary's, drop a few bobs over here.
Yes, I'm sorry, listener.
You've got a real problem now.
They're alive all the time.
I'm sorry.




You've got to be kidding me.
Oh.
Up there it went.
And here.
Oh, wait a minute.
I think it's time for a commercial.
Bob Dobbs.
He's no slob.
Bob Dobbs.
He's no fool.
He is the head of the subgenious church.
That's why he's super.
cool like glass he's Bob Dobbs he's no slob Bob Dobbs he's no fool he is the head of the
subgenius church and he is super cool
good morning and welcome to the subgenius devotional hour here
before the normal scary time
that was a stink-all but it had lots of prophecy involved
you heard it right here on the subgenius hour
and lots of few words
wonder why Fido came home with his wazoo missing
or wonder why those beefs like Buster and Bill
in the parlor and the pasture are lying out there with their throats
and half their rectums missing
well it's because of those exists who came down to this earth
one Christmas day many millennia ago
to forge a new link
one might call it a hot link
between the aliens
and the subgenius
a giant sausage of knowledge from the center of the universe
the galactic center
those little tykes will be able to carry on for us
every one of those little kids is a potential Lee Majors
and I hope you're pleased with what we've done
the rising generations shall have reason to praise us
to pour out libations on our smoking altars
and we shall go
this is a non-smoking section
the book of the subgenius
lunatic prophecies for the coming weird times
out now and on your stand
from McGraw
hill
out now
if you don't see the book
on your stand
McGraw
complain
loudly agitate
and fire fire fire
in the store if necessary
they are crazy
it's a question of bull dada
and its application of course
in the society surrounding the bull dada
we apply it from a little disposable tube
that's right using the power shell
and using the spirit code
the Yakatizma matrix applies the bull dada
to the normals and pinks
this is classified information
do you want to let this out on the air
take the sludge
and the sludge
and turn it into a sloth
sludge
speak to me of sludge
if you want to know the truth
I would have slit the throat
rather than mention sludge
sludge
sludge
sludge
what is going on
it's going to all shoot up
in the little magic machine here
this is the part where the tape
the tape is spliced right here
and it's going backwards
through the heads
it's all twisted up
and stretched onto the shape
it's hard for the signal
to be ok on here
but even the TV is hard to make it through
don't look down
don't look down
don't go upstairs
don't go out of the house
it's over






it's only a movie
it's not real
don't go in the waiting pool
don't pass the gazebo
don't look in the woodpile
stay out of the forest
keep away from the junkyard
don't look in the scrap heap
stay away from the gazebo
it's only a movie
keep telling yourself
it's not real
it's not really happening
you won't believe the horror
you won't believe the tale of the dead
it's a horror
but it's all real
even the records try to escape this show
oh yes
they try to roll out the door
but we catch them
force them back on the turntables
actually there is a copy of this show
let's go smurfing ok
yeah
hey pass me that fin
hey I want some ketchup on my smurf
the original smurfers were
tiny fin creatures
with 8 legs and no harassment
but soon over the millennia of time
they evolved into the cross-opterygites
and double crayfish
and those were used for food

by higher ups
and baits to catch the large pink smurfs
which basked unknowing in the cenozoic seas
unknowing?
listen to those poor souls
yowling in the hell of the lonely deep
let's go back to the beach for a while
yes
there we go
don't you wish you knew how to get to the subgenius beach party?
don't you wish you could paddle with those useless legs
now that you're a dinosaur in the wrong world?
while out to sea the gigantic archelon
and fastetocalonosaurus
mentioned in official subgenius literature
cavorts with beach bunnies
on sandy shores
where's the beach party?
is it in santa cruz?
ha ha wouldn't you like to know
I need to know
San Francisco
near fort mason
ah what time?
it's about the best way I can find it
about 9 o'clock it starts tonight
hey listen brother
don't release this valuable information on the air
we don't want every pole buck as on on our chat
well the thing is there are only probably 11 people listening right now
two of them are about ready to turn their radios off
the other five will about get something to eat
one will start to eat chili and be rocking some hard shit
we're down to have a bottle of myers rum right now
that's disgusting
the young dinosaurs dig
the young dinosaurs as we all know
perish from an excess or effluent of yucca machismo
well actually I believe in living and let live
and leaving these marvelous beasts alone
their chicken like skin is too hard for the standard taxidermic application
calm down now you'll be alright
your phone's just taking control of you
it's alright
if you sit down you'll be better
you gonna mate it up with an elephant?
hey that wouldn't work
that would not work
that's a rather perverse way of saying it
that's a rather perverse and disgusting suggestion
and I'm rather surprised that you would order it over the radio
remember there are
this is a family broadcast
we have people listening whose patronage we like to cultivate
is this a joke?
so you can take your inducive sexual bestial suggestions mister
and just pack them off to Poughkeepsie
but that's old age thinking
what we need in the book is music like this scary
music like this happy
music like this crowd offense
I haven't been so high since 1969
hey I don't know it's uh
look everything's slanting down to a death pool
melting
oh they're all on the floor
yes the 60s are just a pile on the floor now
but fortunately we've been able to piece them together
you see they ask us how we managed to make these reconstructions using just one bone
well the answer is that even on your body muscles make deep spasms or scars in the bone
and from these we're able to distinguish the amount of flexion that might exist beneath the skin
now as for the skin we know these creatures have an integument of feathers or of cheese or
or scaly rind and an outer epiphyropulodermis as one might call it
how exactly does this all fit into the scary part?
well I'm afraid to tell you that these creatures as we call them are not dead
they live no longer in the faith of reason
but they lurk outside our universe waiting always to enter and reclaim their former domain
sure are weird looking
it opens
because it's the giant bob
but a steed boulder
look at the size of that thing
huge bob
dots the size of boulders
oh I've never seen grain like that
no wonder they make these sphinxes
look here are the jewels
listen Bill
we've got to get up to his forehead and pull one of those out of his eyes and get it back to dodge
but watch out for the brow don't get caught in the brow
whatever you do to a brow
oh no
wires and cables
yes
steed gets out on the driver's side
some kind of cybernetic u-brow
we'll just push all this tape aside
instantly the gunman fires
oh look out
look out
shitting ass
oh no look out
the glass madness is here
oh no
let's get out of here real fast
we're going to tire some wild wild smiles
wait a minute I'm going back for the glass smiles
the tape's all wrapped around my legs
we left all the drugs over there
you don't have to try to carry me down this giant brow
I've got to tear these hollow pills down here and alter the president's body before the rest of these guys get back
I just remember to send me the data
this story's getting real confusing fast
we can just hold out till next week
okay I feel better now maybe if I take some more of that wotan then I'll be able to walk out
rub a little gabrogfran into the sore part there and you'll be okay
I will suck all the money from your wallets
yeah our wallets
vacuum cleaning flying saucer
we've got collar number two just begging to get on this wallet
hey go to New York and hit the pope of New York's wallet it's bigger than anybody's
I see what's happening now and suddenly collar you're with us now what's going on quick start shooting back
come on you've got to defend yourself on the air
yes it's no fun we can't play this computer game now man or kill me
okay let's drag the next collar in
well that collar didn't believe anything at all
all the scary collars are gone
this is the beginning of chapter 19 the acubedian background continues
this is a high speed acubedian background
you can hear the high speed acubedian doctors talking very fastly
ah yes that's almost nearly a physical
the caller ringing the blue line
yes I'm sorry no we're out of those three dimensional Arnold Palmer heads
if you have the nerve enough to call we have the nerve enough to listen
no wait I'm all out of space I'm out of here I'm track four
what time is it here
oh now you're going to Elkhart
start the car in the studio
at this very moment there have been stories filtering into the studio about other sports events being kidnapped and the entire thing taken to another planet
that's right these are aliens from another planet kidnapping other people

these are American sports teams
it's not a legal problem it's not a political problem
it's an alien problem
oh I've never seen one
you know the visits from aliens need not be a painful item it can be quite an exciting time
I don't personally have any desire to have it's like meeting Bob I don't want to do it
I just need to get you to understand exactly what's happening here at the church of the subgenius
and the
the
the organized crime fighting that we're doing here in California
there's could I could I just you on some of this thank you
yes
squeeze my ass
yeah just don't squeeze mine though put it stop that
we are we are drinking warm liquids out of animal containers here
we'll be looking forward to
the subgenius foundation will release the truth about the so called ancient astronauts real soon on this show medical proof of the work instinct will be coming up also
oh oh my
he's checking her for her foot gland
oh my I can't watch this punch up five for me please thanks
yeah thanks
my video is a little bit strange
yeah
I'm going to go right now to another song by glass madness on here on live tape in the studio
music
what you gonna sing about at five o'clock in the morning
ooooh
yee haw
talking about Bob Dobbs in the church everything in a whole big mess on the floor
just like disorganized first church disorganized mess on the floor
you're a little intimidated
I can't remember
you can't wander down any kind of church
lycan calicos church anything you want
foundation or a club or a
we call it church of the fill in the blank
them Bob Dobbs
will just bring
tonight the biggest blank to fill in you'll ever see and that's all it is
friends and neighbors out there listening
tonight we hope that your putting your hands on the radio
and getting the full impact of this message is coming down to you
face at the very fact of your eyes moving across the page at this very moment as you try to read your radios and inevitably and subatomically dealt with the
decreed your brain is working without your imagination of a cosmic puppeteer who works
your string so skillfully you never knew they were there until now feels good doesn't it oh it feels
so very good when i've got the strings pulled tight but we can show you where the strings are
attached and how to sync up with the puppeteer will this say life after death reincarnality
psychic powers immortality invisibility nirvana communications with higher challenges slack
slack so long it only takes a few seconds to stare at the fabulous mystic diagram on the back
of the book of the subgenius but once you copy like palmer readings you will be transformed
into another world yes jehovah one has yet two other books that are coming up and two heads
his angels are eons of the green energy art demons yes the art demons scribble stuff all
over the pages and spread it all over the airwaves and media waves but we must do more we need money
for

,
you've been listening to well
take a look at the video and i'll see you in the next one
you're listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack
from the church of the subgenius however you're listening to the uh a re-edited rebroadcast of the
refried berkeley subgenius show starring once again puzzling evidence dr howell
a gary brogue friend of uh mr exotic lies palmer vredes glass madness
and i'm going to show you a little bit of the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack from the church of the subgenius
and g gordon gordon and uh you can call this show not that it'll do you all that much good really
but you at least you can find out where to write for free information before we tell you at the end
of the broadcast you can call us here at 823-7490 here at kano in mighty mighty kano in your station
friends as long as you pay for the pledges otherwise it's ill-fated and you can call us here at 823-7490
you'll gotten gains know what i mean so pay your old pledge uh your your pledge money pay it up i
know it's blood money that's okay what do you what do you think that why do you think they call them
vampires it's 823-7490 here at kano in 89.3 fm in dallas texas well pretty soon we're going to get
back to the horrors of the california subgeniuses they're so they're they're so much
funnier than us because there's so many of them
and we can proceed
and all the problems will be over everything will be just fine
look everyone is a dream
he's bob
oh
he's bob
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh





























oh
bob don't ever change
bob
bob
bob
his pipe is the bowl with the doddle that rains on the roof like
oh hammer these pipes in the ground his neck is the skin with the waddle
in flaming folks desire
how you learning to play the guitar
just hammer pipes in the ground all day don't make no sense
um
yeah

then he's got like yes luggage with a brain that's what bob's got i first had my experience with
he's bob
bob don't ever change

uh bob's big boy on the corner of bellevue
on the corner of bellevue
hugh bay
drive in las angeles
california
in 1959
in 1959
it changed my life and i became able to dance tonight

to open my third nostril and snort the divine wisdom of the subgenius.
Every morning before breakfast, I find it helpful to go into my sternutician room, as we call them,
and sniff up.
Yes, violent sternutician may be observed.
Named after the famous sternio?
Well, yes, the famous sternio does practice sternutician,
as does everyone who possesses the simple accoutrement of a handkerchief
and a head full of ideas that need to be relieved.
Blast it out as it might be.
Oh, Bob with your square little gray brain.
How do you use that thing? It's hooked up all wrong.
Oh, Bob, what about this rumor that your pipe is a living organism?
Yes, that has invaded your brain and made everything all wrong.
Yeah, what about that, Bob, grinning, malarkey, turkey, flunky...
What about them aliens, as you say, or us aliens? We're not aliens.
How about it, Bob? And who's this anti-Bob?
Some relation of yours? Some nepotistic cousin on the payroll end?
In a computer field of nerds.
We dare to question our supreme epopt, Bob,
because we have...
We have the freedom within the Church of the Subgenius
to question even the basic verities,
like whether or not there is a Mokele Mbembe,
whether it's frog-like bellow does echo over the South American
or even the African swamps.
Swamps?
Swamps, yes, yes, swamps.
Right now, Glass Madness is in that swamp, yes, he's gone down to the green hill.
They say the Mokele Mbembe lives in Lake Ukabalabonga,
which is only four feet deep, but the creature...
Ukabalabonga.
No, Ukabalabonga.
All that rubbish, these people are making rubbish.
Let's just keep walking.
Special 21st Street, Cheduckalus, down here.
But we're saving that one for later.
Buy the book of the Subgenius.
I'm just screaming.
Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta a job.
Gotta a job.
Gotta a job.
Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta a job.
Get out of work, say something true.
I'm in a tank, in a Navy.
I'm gonna pay.
Sure.
That was great.
That was great.

That was great.


I understand that dare not speak its name.
You always wondered what they sounded like, didn't you?
But this is them.
Ow!
You got me!
Woo!
Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta a job.
Yeah, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta get a job.
Yeah, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta a job.
Gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta, gotta a job.
Yeah, sure.
Well, we'll find out.
Good morning, Safe Muffin.
Howdy.
Good morning.
I was just wondering if you could tell me, uh,
Rare.
What those occasional extremely low rumbling sounds that almost sound like acoustic feedback
coming to my speakers are.
And then it happened.
Affection.
Oh, no!
Look, it's happening!
Oh, yes.
And he should dabble in his coffee.
Okay, turn down your phone and turn up your mind.
Take off your...
Okay, here we go.
Got it.
Dead center.
Well, we're tuning in on you right now.
And there, we're centered in...
Oh, okay, we're on lockup.
I die now, my son.
But someday, there will be a man with something in his mouth from which smoke comes, like
the fire on the sacred mountain.
I am weak, my dear son.
But I tell you that this man will be named...
Yes, this early misinterpretation of prehistory predicted the couple of years ago.

...becoming a Marlboro Man as a leader in the future.
Marlboro Man operated with these crude stone implements to pound the tobacco and roll the papers,
which gave his caves and habitations this distinctive odor.
Okay, I suppose that explains it.
Thank you.
It's a lot like talking to any tape.
I know it's difficult because we haven't ever called up a radio station before and talked to just a dumb old tape.
And here it is.
There's a double tape answering you.
Yes.
But you can't believe you're talking to an intelligent machine.
I know.
This is your future.
Your phones will act like us very soon.
Bob will massage men.
Yes.
Seven, seven, six, two, four, three, eight.
Okay, Bob.
Is that your Bob?
That's right.
Yeah.
Not to mention the weasel men.
Yes, they're little teeny ones that came over the sands early in the morning without food and without tickets.
They stole away the picnic baskets and the babies.
They stole away the picnic baskets and the babies.
Don't say babies.
Oh, what happened?
Don't we say babies?
Oh, no.
Oh, I...
We're giving a mouth-to-mouth perspiration right now.
Hold on a second here.
It's your turn.
Wait.
Wait.
There's a kitty here somewhere.
We're trying to find a kitty.
I suppose you're danger.
We will charge you.
Okay.

You got a kitty?
And the whole thing is recording.
Yes, it's true.
You mean that this is one of them A-band garter shows?
Come on.
Yeah.
I'll tell you what.
We all like this.
This is great.
It's just a little too much to swallow I think.
All right.
Well, you know what?











And now the horrible memories are starting to come back.
Oh, the horror, the horror.
The terrible war.
Oh, my God.
She's still strapped to turntable three,
and I'm afraid it's not going to get any better.
Little Dr. Punto.
Many people talk about Bob, but Bob is not human.
Bob is a complicated robot.
But the music always made me real sad.
It was just the Tijuana Bible quotes
and all that stuff piled up on my soul.
Not to mention the Tijuana Bible.
Soon I felt guilty about what happened to Herb Albert.
You can't even talk anymore.
They just put Hal in this old speaker's home, I think, or something.
Oscar, but I ask if any man has come on this way.
No, no.
And he and little Hal had grown larger,
stupider and older.
And he thought he was on the show.
So, yes, we'd say, here, here's a microphone
and here's some headphones,
and say something.
And little Hal would come out
and he'd jibber and jabber.
And we'd take the tape.
We would play that stuff on KPFA.
No, we wouldn't do that.
No.
And only talk about funny stuff.
Only poor Hal in his deranged state
would try to do the charge of the light brigade
in Pig Latin.
Hoppa foppa loppig.
Hoppa foppa loppig.
Hoppa foppa loppig.

Hoppa foppa loppig.
Hoppa foppa loppig.
Hoppa foppa loppig.
Hoppa foppa loppig.
Hoppa foppa loppig.
Hoppa foppa loppig.
Yeah, these auditions can be time-consuming,
but necessary.
What are what like?
I think the problem is that we're getting
a little off the beaten track now.
The caller is seeming to want to distract us
from the basic and bottom line
that we're here to talk about,
which is, of course, the puzzling evidence
that we present the public with.
The right hand picture shows
men of the new, new stone age.
New, new stone age.
Yes, here we are in the new, new stone age.
Yes, I think we should talk more about the new, new stone age
and not be distracted by these tiny calls.
Yes, in the new, new age,
everybody's going to feel a little bit hinky.
That's to the deference that one shows to the planet.
So what if your hair falls on your great clump, sir?
Perhaps your nose falls off onto your feet.
Calling Bob Dobbs.
Calling Mr. Dobbs.
Bob, is that you?
Yeah.
And what the hell's going on?
Nothing like a little togetherness
to take care of this scrambled shell structure of mine.
What could we do about it in the 80s?
So this is the scrambled shell structure.
This is the show that, until this point,
has not led to any new conclusions.
Try to define what exactly you've been seeing
from your vantage post out there on the ship.
Well, it looks pretty terrible out here.
I'm still trying to get a hold of Werner Klempel.
There's some guy out here in a half-melded phone booth.
Trying to dial desperately for old friends long dead.
Oh, that's the DJ in whose show this normally is.
You can see some of his skin's been blasted away there
in the polyester shirt he was so proud of
only a few minutes before it's been completely melted
around his chest.
Hey, who is this?
That's right, under my armpit.
Oh, Bob.
His mind has snapped.
Use scopolamine if this show makes you dizzy.
Right.
Don't use those other pills.
Thank you for the inspiration.
You're welcome.
You're the greatest star of all.
I don't care how much money you make, Tobin.
I won't listen to muscle music.
Oh, no, no, no.
He was completely surrounded by a bevy of 14-year-old girls
all dressed up in Brady Bunch outfits.
Yeah.
Actually, I just couldn't believe a guy like him
would be able to attract such a crowd of willing TV females.
But there they are, drinking that TV water
and hanging out with a little needy girl.
It takes about a month to get a car.
Yes.
I know what'll bring him back.
Yes, hell, we're in serious trouble now.
No, it was time for the doctors.
Oh, no.
And they were operating tonight.
Yeah, new patient coming in every hour.
Oh, here comes an asthma.
Let's cut out his lungs.
Ah, here comes a heart patient.
Let's cut out his heart.
Hand me that scalpel.
It's the doctors.
Oh, watch out.
This is the film that was supposed to be run
right as the bomb was happening.
This is a very pleasing film and calming.
You can see here.
Yes, they call this one.
The sex bomb.
And it itself was responsible for much of the dismay
we've seen this evening.
Never mind.
Some say Jones and either one of us have the screen for your bones.
Some say back and some say wait,
but it just makes the two halves of my brain.
Welcome to Dr. Ranch.
You're about to stop there,
and I'll just cut out that fibroblastic tumor.
Here goes.
This is pretty amazing here.
Bring me that sigmoidoscope.
I'm going to take a look.
You know where.
This is sigmoid colon.
And his brother, the descending semicole.
The elevator operator at Sisters of Mercy
appears of Our Lady of Sorrows Hospital.
Nurse, nurse, nurse.
Bring me another shot, please.
Got it. Dead center.
As you can see, it's a modern, highly up-to-date facility.
Yes, and using every kind of doctor-prescribed device.
If a doctor needs it, they buy it.
This floor is the exclusive obnoxio-pirosis floor.
Three pills.
Chainsaws.
Let's step in, shall we?
And operations.
Will the honor of a large German shepherd please come to the salt flats behind the hospital?
Thank you.
Yes, here the doctors work in complete comfort,
sometimes ignoring the patients altogether as they operate with the newest tools.
Here's where the doctors kick back.
It's the luxury lounge in between the floors.
Yes, these are the transporters.
On Vibes, you see Dr. Spiegelman,
and there's Dr. Clutterhouse over there on drums.
Okay, folks.
Now, back out onto Dr. Highway.
Ow!
That's right.
Flying high over Oakland now.
Discovering there is a false bottom to the container and the...
Death ship drops its load.
What's this?
It's better than the German Rasmus Krippelberg.
It's deadly bacteria over the Bay Area.
And now you see the Subjection kitchen as they cook the morning meal.
We're gonna mix up our pre-holocaust breakfast.
Because all the bacteria are dead, too.
It's all right, but it's a lot easier to cook things.
You're at the cafeteria with that...
No, you just set it out and it cooks itself.
You gave me plenty of rest.
They always draw the furniture into the circle when you do that,
but there's a way to get over that circle of chairs and sofas with a flaming arrow.
Something was missing from the old Napa caller's menu.
It was the tuba.
So we put it in here on the show.
If you're listening, you can put it on your sandwich and have it just the way you wanted it there.
Ah.
Yes.
And if you, uh, if you have a four-channel stereo,
put the tuba on the front.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
Ah, little tiny Wotans in the background.
It's true.
Ah, yeah, here we go now.
I think I'll practice that.
This is the Relax show, so don't get too upset.
Yeah, just lay back on the bed.
And they're able usually to understand the flaming arrow and turn it to their own advantage.
Then you have to think of yet another weapon.
Come on, guys, let him talk, let him talk.
Which one?
No, no, don't let me talk.
No, I never thought atomic war would be so much fun, guys.
Well, I, you know, we heard about nuclear winter.
Nobody heard about, uh, nuclear, uh, toaster.
Yeah, well, uh, you got your nuclear winter sports, and I'm going out for, uh, the downhill skiing.
Yes, here, the downhill fallout skiing.
You can see, uh, the contestants for the Olympics are...
Yes, on their flaming skis.
Whoosh, whoosh, there they go.
And it is a race to the shelter.
The glowing tips.
Smash their face on the bottom of the run.
Of course, each contestant only can survive one run,
but it is a fabulous show of final surge of energy.

Yes.
As humankind as we...
Losing their hair in the wind as they fly down gun barrel.
Yes, and still optimistic in the face of eternal darkness.
And now...
Is she a nun, by the way?
Yes.
No.
Oh, no.
None of the above, right?
No, it's just the way it is.
It's always contradictory.
I'm a reverend, reverend dominatrix.
First, let me show it first.
It's cool for true.
Food, food monsters.
Guess the food monsters were on the prowl through the studio,
eating all the food.




All the old hamburger stubs and the leftover hot dog buns.
The food monsters.
Thank you, thank you.
Yeah, thank you.
Well, this is the last time we play this club.
They don't give you enough to eat.
Food, food monsters.
I want royalties.
I want dessert.
I want post brandy liqueurs.
I want the best cognac and the whole shot.
Yeah, well, it's a good thing you're with us because it's fun to be the only thing keeping
somebody alive.
Really?
Yes.
We're going to be having a news feature.
We have more ways than you think.

We have more ways than you think.
From the brow.
So if you have a subject you'd like the brow to speak on, just ask the brow.
The nasal passages are cemented shut and the brain is pulled out and stored in a little
jar overnight.
Yet the patient lives.
Oh, there it goes.
Well, I dropped the jar, but the patient lives.
The patient lives.
Ah, but.
All because of the ministrations of the Gabrofam and their special plastic implement they use
shown here.
Yes.
Just push the little black button.
I'll show you that technique once again.
Dr. Bouffrem?
Yes.
We hope to welcome you all tonight to the fervid celestial spoutings of the inner epops
and clockwork workings of the Church.
But this task will not be easy.
The fruits of the subgenius plant are not as cordial to the taste as others may be,
a kind of mucilaginous paste.
But it's easy to become tangentially twisted along precarious paths.
It has nothing to do with the straight and true direction of our search.
We are born with the Dobbs nature.
However, only exist technology can complete a subgenius's transfiguration into overmanhood
or overwomanliness.
And so far, Bob has allowed this to happen to one solitary guinea pig, his friend, Dr.
Philodrumon.
Red, goddammit!
My man was born with original slack.
He had most of the strength.


But civilized people don't believe in it, and their most learned spiral can't even comprehend it.
Well, I've studied the Saurian stage in human evolution.
As it turns out, many of our ancestors are not the primates as commonly thought, but
the theropod line of the great archosaurs of the Mesozoic.
Oh, no, look out!
Yeah, get him out of here, Mike.
Oh, Bohandas is approaching Tokyo!
We will have to get away from the city now!
Oh, move your karate school away from here!
It does not help!
We must keep Bohandas from approaching the science center.
Yes.
I complained that I had no starter fluid.
And then I met a man who had no chainsaw.
And he'll be able to fight the monster.
And we will be able to protect the super racist people.
We need to grow it.
We need to grow it.
Before the weekend.
That is what we do with our troublemakers on Melton Pints.
We pack them off to Monster Island, where they are buggered by prisoners.
These creatures are something amazing.
You can't imagine all the little spines and projections, the stately outer epidermis, the
rind, a wart-like sagging covering that covers the outer cuticles of these critters.
They're not even going to hurt themselves anymore.
They're really a sight to see.
And when they all get going, it's better than a party.
It's like bobbing for apples in a giant barrel of radioactive sludge.
And I only wish everyone would want to be...
Oh, my God!
Look, they've started now!
I've been to all those towns, and they're all the same.
Don't call Napa people dumb.
They are dumb.
Call all people dumb.
No, they're dead.
They're dead.
No, they're not dumb.
They're dead.
Yes, the whole world's been blown up.
There's nothing wrong with living in Dumb Town.
You should be damn proud of it.
Well, we're dumb, too.
We're dumb and blind and dumb.


We're dumb and deaf down here.
And we don't mind it.
It's not...
You know, it's an equalizer, we call it.
It's radiation damage.
And there's not much you can do about it.
There's bombs.

Your hair falls out.
It's an equalizer.
You can't talk.
You don't even want to talk.
Save the doctors from this less than stimulating situation.
Yes.
All we have now is the sleepy-time Jesus.
And I'm curled up here in the arms of the sleepy-time Jesus on the show.
And he's kissing and smooching on me.
And it feels real good.
But it's much better.
It's making me real tired.
And I don't want to talk because I just want to curl up with this cute little antichrist
and make some running noises.
And hallucination.
Because of the feeling of...
Well, maybe it wasn't real.
Oh, that's Bob Nelson.
Dumb Degeneration.
We're running the sound grid on your helmet.
You should have a new head in about three seconds.
Here it comes, Paul.
There.
Oh, that's much better.
Give me one of those.








I'll give you one of those new heads, too.
Ah, that feels great.
Hello, little caller.
You're stuck inside the time tube.
Sooner or later, you should be able to break out.
If we can stay with you, the Heliopter Jesus is now appearing over your head.
Stay down and avoid your own speakers.
The radio amplifier will try to kill the signal, resulting in its own demise.
Please stand back from Heliopter Jesus.
Approaching now on the left speaker.
I'm ready to go.

I'm ready to go.









Good morning.
What happened?
What kind of show is this?
Everything's okay.
Adolescents have to refight many...
Just a whole line of blinking lights.
Must be the president trying to reach us.
You're helping invest in some child's future.
Ah.
I'm buying that child.
It was a good thing, too.
Thank you for your input, caller.
What does it sound like where you are?
Perfectly well-minted.
But what does it sound like where you are?
What is weird?
Huh?
I'm not sure.










I'm just trying to watch what's going on.
So weird DJ dressed up in a crown of thorns and a dirty, dirty shield.
What's going on here?
Starts kissing on you.
I'm...
At Mobius.
Frankly, I don't give a damn.
Dead center.
Yes.
Liberty right there.
I get bad things that frighten me that don't make any sense.
Now let's get out of my brain.
Oh, yes.
That's the right brain that was actually originated for people who were tired of blinking
calls.
The Heliopter Jesus wasn't meant to be a delinquent.







originated for your right brain that's true he's in a little can and we open him every 45 minutes
now he's just squeaking be scary call him stand back stand back okay please if you're coughing
all over the speakers you're saying we've got to clean it up here at the station look he doesn't
look well at all no and he doesn't want to be there at all no it's late in the morning to try
to be there oh yes it's hard to stay up oh yeah it's hard to focus it quarter to three in the
morning sick you're sick you better sit down listen oh you better take off those headphones
phones and we'll sing a nice little song for you oh yeah you shouldn't listen okay here's a nice
little song oh yeah
wasn't that nice that was nice
got it dead center that war yeah the one we've been trying to the one you just went through
for hours the one that started already it did yeah and you're wasting your time listening to us
you could have been tuned into a civil defense warning station saving your life but instead
you're spending your last few minutes on earth listening to a semi-humorous radio program
and you shouldn't have down in your basement
quick yes take all the you got the pills now go down into your basement no no
turn your radio up really loud so you can keep hearing us and we'll talk to your neighbors
until the power goes out in the radio mail okay listen up okay whoever you are next door
it's just been a heck of a war so far here
we're trying to march all the slack squads back to their barracks now and they're they're a little
bit hard to uh de-act
made they get belligerent late at night but uh they seem to be able
to make it back to the barracks okay started now this is what we call the uh monster beach
party from all sides too many buttons too many tips i have the same problem dog
and then all the little tapes run out what kind of a show is this i mean what
what kind of show are you guys what kind of tapes were you boys doing in there why all the tapes what




Officer, we were just doing subgenius types.
Didn't they tell you?
Oh, we're not drunk.
Oh, no, officer, we're not drunk.
Didn't they tell you?
We're crazy, man.
We are drunk, man.
We're crazy, man.
If you want to know more about what kind of a show this is,
which I actually doubt at this point for most of you,
but the kind we want ought to write for free information.
Yes, he gets you a fair share of free information
about the Church of the Subgenius.
What?
This is a religion, man.
We're trying to save the world.
Nay, the universe.
And got that pencil ready?
Just write to Bob.
Bob.
That's right.
Just Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
Doesn't that have a ring to it?
140306.
Just stumbles right off of your tongue.
In Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Simple enough, isn't it?
75214.
Box 14306.
Texas, 75214.
And, well, you'll see.
Or will you?
Most of you never even, you never even try.
You think about it, don't you?
You go, yeah, I'm going to, you write it down.
I'm going to write them tomorrow.
I'm going to send them a little, just letter or something
and see what I get for it.
But then you blow it off, don't you?
Well, maybe you're the lucky ones.
Maybe not.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.



Stickers and graffiti were showing up in really strange places
like inside pencil sharpeners and so on.
In some classes, we don't even know who the subgenius is.
What is all this I hear about this youth cult, this church of the subgenius?
Gee, I don't know.
Well, how about you, Simon?
What?
Well, what about you?
Yo, it's about Bob, you know. It's Bob. That's it.
Bob is great.
But just who is this man, Bob?
Some call him the slack master, the high epoch, the saint of sales.
Others call him liar, pimp, whoremonger, a sleazy con man foisting his dangerous scam off on gullible suckers.
Well, dear friend, J.R. Bob Dobbs isn't some outmoded, overused deity from ancient fairy tales,
but a living, bleeding deity for today.
The divinely appointed messenger of slack.
The mystic super salesman upon whose wheeling and dealing skills the fate of the universe hinges.
He can sell you anything, and I bought it.
And I'll tell you what.
That fly will buy that mound of shit from Bob.
Bob's wonderful.
I mean, Bob's, you know, it.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob is fill in the blank.
Bob is fill in the blank.
The Bob that can be described is not the true Bob.
Focus on the book, Bob.
It's composed by Jack Simzke.
Non- Swiftly Every Def industrie d'interesse n wall sweeping laablyita,


Pots near ''from the sheer realm of ''




