Okay kids, the car is packed. Now go and get your father and we'll look at some more new houses.
Funny light tonight.
Look at my shadow.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius power of SWAT.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Now, let me introduce your tutors.
Reverend Arvin Stein.
She's also been to Nicaragua.
By the way, she may also speak Spanish.
Oh, that's right, dear friends.
We're back again with everything all changed around and...
Still my shadow, but...
It's still my shadow.
I know.
That's the whole problem, you see.
But we're going to have a special subject for the show tonight.
For some of you people who haven't been up on your subgenius terminology lately,
we're going to investigate the subject of doctors.
Doctors.
That's a rank in the Church of the Subgenius.
Yes, there's doctors out there, all right.
Doctors.
Yeah, I could...
I don't...
Well, it can...
No one can define...
No one can define...
The doctor syndrome.
It can only be illustrated by example.
And be glad you can't see this show right now,
except on Channel X.
We're having enough trouble as it is.
It has been a fun Easter, friends.
You know, last year, the Easter pterodactyl brought the little eggs for my kids out in Glen Rose.
And this year, unfortunately, it wasn't quite so easy.
It was the Easter vomit.
Ultrasaurus.
Huge eggs.
Huge eggs.
But...
I mean, you can hear them in the background, just how bad it was.
So...
Dallas viewers, may call the number on your screen, 823-7490, for information.
For disinformation, just keep listening.
And thank you.
It's just been a heck of a war so far here.
We're trying to march on.
We're trying to march all the slack squads back to their barracks now.
And they're a little bit hard to deactivate.
They get belligerent late at night.
But they seem to be able to make it back to the barracks here.
Okay, start it now.
This is what we call the monster beach party.
Hey, well, so welcome to the subgenius beach party.
Yes, last week it was in Houston on KPFA.
You'll never know where the subgenius beach party is.
And don't you wish you did.
Oh, dear, that ding.
Well, Dr. Hall, is there any way you can fight through the sound effects
and tell us about their relationship between the demopods and the...
Well, the demopods...
The demopods and the myriapods got together at the early...
No, demopods and us-apods.
Oh, the demopods.
It says right here on the script we're supposed to...
I didn't understand that.
I thought you meant this script right here,
the one with the red lines on the cover.
Listen, never read anything with red dots.
I never believe anything with red dots.
It says read addresses to...
...people you don't like on the show.
God, I can't hear them from all sides.
Too many buttons to push, too many tape recorders to watch.
Mobius, that's your server.
I don't give a damn.
Dead center.
Yes, liberty right.
I can't stand things like this.
Don't make any sense.
The mallet's got out of my brain.
I am a subgenius, and by that virtue,
I am in touch with forces greater than man.
I dare you to kill me.
I am not a duper conspiracy.
I know more than they do.
I am a subgenius.
That's all I need to be.
I'm one of the good guys.
I shall prevail.
Let out the crazy man inside you.
He knows what's what.
Smile when you call me a fanatic.
Me, primate.
Me, open man.
I say to the pigs, give me your money.
You won't need it.
The future offers you nothing but destruction.
Bob.
What do they believe in?
Everything.
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
Named Bob.
Bob.
A character named Bob.
Bob is what will bring slack to planet Earth.
And to you, young man.
And to you.
If you will send a dollar.
Who will they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
Bob is the gun and you are the bullet.
The showdown is fast approaching.
The church is still unknown, but its infectious doctrines spread across continents.
Church headquarters, the first Megafist Temple Lodge, is housed in this Dallas skyscraper,
from which Dob's secret mandates are issued to his enemies.
The
agents in the dreaded Brotherhood of Bob.
But this mighty edifice represents but the tip of a wandering rogue iceberg.
The words, hymns, and sound effects of Dob's are disseminated on a weekly basis to thousands of devout radio listeners in most major cities.
Even as far away as China and darkest Africa.
This show is so popular today that we're on his level.
We're studying it from all angles and you can even watch this show on Channel X.
As Hal plays the microphone and flies backwards around the other side of the planet.
The subgeniuses in China have to listen on shortwave radios.
Very hard to...
You'll notice we've switched to spewage music for the background for this segment of the show.
As the psychic surgery is performed, Bob's sweaty brow is wiped by a small nuclear explosion.
Oof.
Call the police.
Call the police.
It's all better now.
Call the police.
Call the police.
Call the police.
Call the police.
Call the police.
Call the police.




Oh no.
You're improving Jack.
You just can't seem to get rid of that streak of honesty in you.
He gave you a vision of moral order in the universe, and there isn't any.
Those stars twinkle in a void there boy, and the two-legged creature schemes the whole world.
and dreams beneath them, all in vain.
All in vain, Jack.
Did you hear anything?
Listen to me.
Two-legged creature won't believe anything.
And the more preposterous, the better.
Whales speak French at the bottom of the sea.
The horses of Arabia have silver wings.
Pygmies mate with elephants in darkest Africa.
I have sold all those propositions.
And they were all fools and none of it matters.
For whatever reason you refuse to feel this space we're in,
to know its insanity, really know it,
whatever your particular anesthetic is
that you hold on to so desperately,
the thing, I mean, that makes you think you know who you are,
whatever that thing is,
you allow to keep you sane, your ace in the hole,
the psyche that keeps you from trying to guess
at what your pimp has in store for you.
Whatever keeps you from screaming out at this very moment
in absolute and sheer horror,
whatever that is, whatever that is,
it's a lie.
It's a lie.
Give reality your brain, you fantasized son of Walt Disney.
It's a lie.
No.
An old off the street pimp's con game.
The magic for turning human blood into US steel.
The thing that seduces you into being satisfied
at pointing to the last tiny patch of flesh
you have on your bones as proof of your humanity
and keeps you satisfied thinking yourself human
because you live a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a life.
I know you because you live here in his space as I do.
You are his image and play his game on each other.
No.
Thinking it's your own.
I know you.
No.
You can't live in an insane asylum,
play an insane game with a madman,
and be objective, brother.
No.
Hope?
At least prostitutes get paid.
No.
Yes, while you pin your hopes, your sanity,
and most of all your individuality
on that rickety old con game, a web of words.
No.
No.
While the master pimp helps you paint
your individual death wish in your head,
feel who you are.
No.
No.
Feel for a split second the obscenity
of who you've got to be.
Really.
In actions, I mean.
Defined by, ordered up for, and delivered to your jobs
on Monday morning.
The greatest eight hours you'll spend in your entire life, ho.
Is a color television really worth that?
In this filth, this insidious insanity,
this nightmare of deception and hypocrisy,
in this United States of America,
careful not to awaken the sleeping,
we, you and I, wander around through a sea
of our own rotten bodies.
In this pimp whore's game, you pretending it's everything else.
In this sewer in which no one can escape playing,
it's normal for brothers to play.
It's normal for sisters to pimp sisters and wives
because their fathers pimped them.
Or for television stations to pimp their audiences
for perverted sponsors who whore for their own commercials.
And until the authorities catch on,
even common normals can purchase
the word of Bob itself in condensed form.
The legendary book of the subgenius,
available in bookstores everywhere.
But the only certain way,
to receive the Dobbs teachings in uncut form,
is to tithe directly to the church.
Do you really think you freed yourself
of America's special insidiousness
of being inside you?
No, brother.
America's a condition.
One thing is for sure,
a sheep is not a creature of the air.
But at the same time, we will be intent on
searching out the truth of all evidentiary components
which ostensibly have posed a threat
to our constitutional processes,
in particular, our concept of freedom
and our electoral process.
Good, because I was making, uh...
271 an hour.
Well, as a member of the stock exchange,
I would suck their brains out with a straw.
The easiest way is to write a postal card
and ask them to mail you all their leaflets.
They'll put you on, and forever you'll have everything.
Even after it's over with, you'll still get it.
They're very happy to do so.
You will be ordained as a card-carrying minister
and receive the huge official magazine
of churchly news and doctrine,
The Stark Fist of Removal.
I'd just like to say a few words about
The Stark Fist of Removal.
This is the official newsletter of the church,
and it's got all kinds of great stuff in it.
It's got the proof of Bob, it's got a picture of Bob,
with Ronald Reagan in there.
It's got all important instructions to the subgenius.
Illiterates can purchase their choice
of dozens of inspirational cassette tapes.
And there's even a line of casual subgenius wear
to fit every size or budget.
Oh, it's sprit their nostrils open with a bowtook!
That's not a very good answer.
You're heightening my concern rather than lessening it.
It's embarrassing.
It's moist.
It's moist.
It drips.
It squirts.
It's liquid warmth emitting from your body.
It's, uh...
It dribbles.
It spits.
It's nasty.
But yet it's beautiful in its own wet, slimy,
squirting, and embarrassing way.
He did.
And he did it the subgenius way, too.
He got...
It wasn't...
He had already gotten a short-duration marriage.
That's right.
From Pastor Naked, the official one.
He already had the paperwork.
He did have the paperwork.
He would have sanctified couplings, friends,
for the last few years.
But their short-duration marriage ran out.
And rather than send Buck any more money,
they went to Las Vegas and had one of those parlor chapel,
as Norm just told me they're called,
a parlor chapel wedding.
Marriage parlor.
And when he left the chapel,
this acolyte came running in.
It was one of those ten-minute ceremonies.
This guy actually had the gall to come running out going,
Sir, there's supposed to be a $25 tip,
quote, tip, unquote,
to which Pope Sterno threw down a dollar and said,
Sir, kill me.
That's right.
But we should say congratulations to Pope Sterno
and his faithful ubermatrix,
that is to say, Miss Dottie.
That's right.
And they're creating more little yetis, friends.
Yes, sir.
They are further contaminating the gene pool.
Sterno's father,
the way he became a subgenius was his father was one of the guys
who had to stand on the Nevada desert
and face nuclear tests from about half a mile away.
Wearing only goggles and a lead-shielded jockstrap.
Duck and cover, baby.
You betcha.
But they weren't allowed to in those days,
and the result is thousands of subgenius children
of those selfless servicemen who gave their genetic structure for...
Genes, gave their genes for...
For nuclear dominance.
There you go.
And every bit will be appreciated.
Let me put it this way.
If I were you, I'd give me all your money.
All right, here's the money now being shoveled into the giant money elevator
and we're pressing the money into a small pellet,
which will keep us warm until 6 a.m.
If we want to eradicate...
We've been around the world three times.
If we want to eradicate the very concept of money,
it's going to take money and tons of it.
But money is to burn.
Here come tons of money now.
So we're asking...
And we can start with yours.
Okay.
Mr. Listener.
All the listeners now are putting their money in a big pile.
But it's not enough.
If we can take all the money and burn it,
then we can start a free anarchist society.
But we've got to have all the money first.
We're the only people who can take the responsibility for this project.
Yes, air and liquid both emit from this new type of tool,
which we have now begun to provide to the ministers
and those who would spread the seed of Bob.
The seed, my friend, of Bob.
It is true there is a thing here I do not understand.
There is a pain between my ears.
And so the confused initiate was led to Dockstock,
Dobstown itself, Dobstown, Malaysia,
where he was shocked to discover the most primitive possible living condition.
Earth was inhabited by a species from another dimension.
With certain chance from the book, sacrifices,
this race, the old ones, can be brought back.
And mankind?
Destroyed.
In the vast continuity of school park
There seemed to be evil within
There were people there
With sensible hues
And there were children there
With no wounds of distinction
There were women there
Who were thought of as virtuous
For they contained the blood
Of the ruling class
Of Suopat
I said men cried
Babies died
Children fell
Men sighed
Babies cried
Men died
Children fell
Women suffered
People wanted repentance
And victims they wanted to escape
Ha ha ha ha ha
Yeah they just wanted to escape
Ha ha ha ha ha
He should know about it
He should know about it
He should know about Suopat
And the men about to perish
Ah baloney ..
He should know about it
How many baloney birds
He should know about this
Ballic była
Friends, that's the People's Temple
of Pope Michael Flores
and Pope S. Uber Dominatrix, Pam Smith,
editors of It's Only a Movie,
wonderful little fanzine,
check your encyclopedia,
you know which one I'm talking about for it.
If you read that magazine,
this is your two editors,
Funk and Away fans,
it's People's Temple.
I'd say there's about four months
before what?
Before there's a delightful smell
in the universe of charcoaled mankind.
You really mean four months?
According to the temperature rises
in the last few weeks, yes.
So that's the message, is it?
About another 300 deadlines.
Is that what we say in tomorrow's paper?
Tomorrow we report the news, the facts.
We leave prophecy to the street corner cranks.
Some purchase thousands of Bob's Handy pamphlets
with which to read the paper.


To recruit the worthy
and to perplex the normals.
To fill their minds with questions.
Questions that only Bob can answer
through his chosen apostles,
his fishers of wallets.
And what is money?
Merely another tool of the conspiracy,
except when it gains power
by passing from your pocket to Bob's.
I've been eating Bob,
and if you have a problem with your cash flow,
it's because your cash is not flowing
towards Bob.
This is the first industrial church.
We're not a,
tax write-off scam.
We're,
we are an incorporated profit-making foundation,
if there is such a thing.
We're profits, and we want profits.
Children, you've got to come back
to the old American way, yes?
You've got to come back to quality goods
for your dollar, a righteous purchase.
Now let me ask you something, children.
How many of you have been tithing unto Bob
that which is truly Bob's?
Tell me that, children.
How many of you have been giving 10% of your worth of goods to Bob?
I don't care who you are or where you come from.
If you haven't sent your $20 into Bob,
you're going to burn.
Mother Teresa,
I don't care how many people she's helped,
if she hadn't sent her $20 into jail,
Bob Dodgers is going to burn in hell.
And Bob offers a guarantee that can't be beaten.
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
Bob will protect you.
Bob is protecting you.
The genetic future.
Let him. Let him into your life.
Let Bob protect you. He wants to protect you.
He must protect you.
He has to protect you.
Jehovah One says Bob will protect you.
If you send a dollar to...
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby. My baby!
My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby! My baby!
My baby!
It's not the same thing anymore.
Famous Doug.
That's another place, friends.
Yes, it's not the same thing anymore.
You can get those prairie squid drinks.
You can actually get prairie squid drinks.
Yeah, they put them in a blender.
They put them in a blender with protein powder
and just turn them into a really thick...
It's kind of like a daiquiri in texture.
But it's not the real prairie squid, though.
It's the flash frozen stuff.
I mean, nobody does it with a live prairie squid.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Well, dear friends,
it's time for a moment of serenity and melody.
Yes, if you'll turn to page five in your program,
I'm going to lead you in the hymn,
which we call,
Bob is my story.
This is a hymn which is usually performed
in moments of extreme stress.
And such, I judge this to be.
It's very easy.
And you can support me on the second verse
and the chorus if you choose.
So we'll sing Bob is my story.
Page five.
I saw a man with a pipe and a grin
All in the new morning light
Smiling at me like a madman
Till he made me uptight
I told him don't bother me anymore
But he kept on just the same
Till I was totally brainwashed
Bob is his name
This is the chorus.
He is my story
Bob is my song
Bob is my song
Bob, my amphetamine
All the day long
I won't tear my poster of dogs down
I'll feel no sadness or shame
Till I rejoin him in dogs down
Bob is his name
He has no lack of his stagnant flag
For those of his following foe
Bob is his name
He is the friend of whoever will send
Greenbacks or foes
He's growing stronger and stronger
But he keeps redder than flame
I'll be a pig boy no longer
Bob is his name
Bob is my song
Bob is your story, friend.
And Bob is your fame.
Bob is the glands that keep you feeling the way you do.
Keep your squid juices pumping.
Yes, they say.
Bob!
Stop now!
How many more times do we have to listen?
How many more times do we have to hear the worst song ever?
This band is terrible to not listen to.



They just want to fall asleep.
Yeah, the audience is going in every different direction possible.
They're sick of Bob.
They're sick of the Cafe Depresso.
Yeah, they're sick of everything here.
They only know three chords, but you're only gonna see them play one.
I'm so tired of these guys.




This band's bad.
It's no surprise.
I wish they'd just pack it up and go away.
Well, how many times do we have to play this same song over and over and over again?
Well, how many times do we have to play these same four notes over and over again?
When I came down to this nightclub, I thought things would be a little bit different.
But it's just the same old band, in the same stupid shirts, in the same stupid bleeped heads.
You'd think they could do something new after all these years.
But they just play that same song.
They just play that song all night long.
Just play that song all night long.
Well, how many more times do we have to play this same song over and over again?
Beats party, beats party.
They're sick of Bob.
Beats party, beats party.
Well, it's one chord up, one chord down.
Wotan Music's getting me down.
I played in this band for ten hours or so.
I ain't seen my check.
Where's my check?
Oh, where's my check?
Well, how many times do we have to ask for this same check over and over again?
Beats party, beats party.
Well, how many times do we have to play the worst song in the whole world over and over and over and over and over again?
Beats party, beats party.
Well, how many times do we have to ask your mom,?'
.. And the honor's in mine.
I know I got a lot of music for our music over and over.
All right.
pisci.
Bulldada shall live, because Bulldada, having never been alive, cannot be killed.
So in this paradox, we find a pure and simple answer.
An answer to the question of what to do tonight.
Friday night?
Ah, yes. It's Friday.
Yeah.
Yes, you can start sinning now, brother.
You can sin from now till Sunday morning.
You've got a good 48 hours of solid sinning in front of you.
And by God's end, after it's all over with, you can sit there with a hangover in church and have it all washed away.
Washed away in the blood.
The blood of the lambs.
And the blood of the wolves, for that matter.
For is not the lamb of Jesus now being eaten by a black wolf?
An evil wolf?
A wolf of conspiracy.
Conspiracy.
Conspiracy, my friend.
A wolf that would take the good jokes of Jesus, the sublime teachings of Buddha,
the small business parables of Dobbs, and twist them, distort them for their own aims.
Yes, that's the way it is now.
It's true.
It's true.
It's true.
And lo, many elephants and rhinoceros came to destroy their huts and villages and to step on their albums.
And lo, the Lord was angry that they did not give their money.
And great wrath and panic and broken guitar strings don't follow.
Look at it when you take a break from listening.
But for now...
What is a rant?
A rant's a revival.
And a rant is part of a revival.
A rival as an atom is part of a molecule.
Yes.
It's when the person gets on stage and lets Bob speak through it and just cuts loose.
It's the living tongue acting on the...
Exactly.
It's the undirected energy of Bob spewing forth through the human carcass.
We need a few of the initiates, please, to squat in the dirt and let us have their chairs.
Will someone help move the bodies of those stunned by the music back to the back by the beer?
The pile is out front.
No, back. Excuse me.
And for everyone...
We're throwing them in all directions.
Their body is worth approximately $12 and it's falling fast.
Everyone that dies tonight is thrown on a cremation pile.
Every subgenius that is carrying his car gets a cut of that $12.
We need the glands for those experiments.
And we're talking about the foot glands.
The most important one in your body next to you-know-what.
That's right.
And yet nothing could still the ranting tongues of the high priests of the subgenius.
No lack of material, no complete embarrassment could stop their ever-flapping,
petulantly vibrating, ranting tongues from continuously speaking the word of Dobbs.
Even though no one was listening, even though their drugs had not kicked in...
Voices in the darkness.
Even though their brains had...
Finally...
Completely left them...
Even though their tapes had run out and had to be flipped in order to continue the lessons in...
Just how doctors for Bob...
Orphic...
Not your physician for Robert.
None of that fancy stuff.
Just your straight doctors for Bob.
How they use anti-music to surgically change what was previously in your brain.
Oh, there went some of it.
Thank you.

We tried to donate to the sperm bank, but they wouldn't let us.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob.
There's people here, there's people here who, you know, can't donate to the sperm bank because they're underweight.
Okay?
That's all right.
Let us just have just a few cells from underneath your skin so we can begin the cloning experiments.
Let us just have a chocolate.
I would like to clone that young lady in the front row because I know in about 14 years she'd be so cute.
We'd bring them our pride at Dobbs Town.
Yeah, I just, you know, think you'd have a companion.
If you're going to be exposed to radiation, let's go all the way.
You know, if you're going to do it, then just sit in front of a color TV with your legs wide spread watching Mr. T cartoons,
and you can have a boy just like Jader.
Yeah, that's right.
It's him raising his eyes.
It's him raising his eyes.
Make the tides fall off your car.
I'm sorry, Bob.
Jader's parents live next to the largest industrial waste dump.
It's a Jader device.
In the entire county.
Adam hooked up to a Jader device.
Jader, the perfect prince of the church, speaks.
Some genius cheap humors.
Genius cheap humors.
I wasn't going to drink today, but, well, since I already had this damn case,
I guess I might as well do something with it.
And, well, I could take it back, but, well, they usually don't like you to do that.
And, well, I wouldn't want the grocery store to get mad at me.
I've, you know, I've been trying to win their bingo game.
And, you know, if I take a bunch of cans back, well, they don't like that kind of thing.
And, you know, I could, well, I could probably just pour.
I could probably pour all the beer out of it, but, well, it'd probably kill my grass.
And, yeah, I don't want to do that.
And I could trade in for the aluminum, but, yeah, it wouldn't be really worth the price of the gas
of driving down to the aluminum recycling plant.
It'd probably be worth, you know, yeah, that's what it is.
I could take them in for the aluminum, you know, because if I drank them,
well, it'd probably be worth more if they were just the aluminum.
I mean, there's no recycling.
The recycling plant's going to buy aluminum with beer in it, so I probably would have to drink it.
And, well, it, you know, helps wash down my food.
And it's probably, you know, if I, you know, didn't drink any today,
well, five more days from now, it'd be Sunday, and I might want some and wouldn't be able to drink any.
So at least I could say, well, hell, I got blowed off my ass last Monday.
And, you know, well, these pop tops, well, some little kid could step on them or, you know,
even though they are still full of beers, and, well, yeah, they are in my refrigerator,
but, you know, by some twist of the imagination,
this little boy's foot could conceivably, I'm not saying that it's impossible,
but it could probably come into my refrigerator, and he could, you know, cut his foot open.
And, well, if he sued me or something like that,
the hospital bill would be far greater than this beer.
Is it probably even worth it if he did step on it?
Well, you know, so if I would drink it and properly take care of the beer can tops,
then that'd be one less thing on my mind that I wouldn't have to worry about.
And if I did get drunk, well, I probably wouldn't have to worry about it anyway,
even though the fact that the beer can tops might be in, say, a trash can along with a beer can.
Oh, yeah, but, yeah, I was going to send them, take them to the recycling plant so I could get the money for them,
and that was another reason.
And, well, you know, they went to all the trouble to paint the red, white, and blue Budweiser label on here.
And, well, I'd hate to, you know, I like to support the arts.
I'm a patron of the arts.
I'd like to, you know, support them.
Did you hear what he was saying?
Did you hear what he was saying?
I don't like that last sound.
The Lord is mine.
My shepherd.
No, that won't do.
All right, close your eyes, please.
And repeat this prayer after me, right out loud.
Ing, ing, ing, ing, ing.
Like this.
Ink, ink, ink, ink.
Ang, ang, ang, ang, ang.
Eve, meat, concrete, eel.
What makes us do this?
I don't know.
Holy shit.
You're killing me.
You're killing me.
I hear it's red and blue.
Give me a box, baby.
I'm just like you.
I don't know what's going on.
It never stops.
Well, soon in this song.
It never stops.
Two days later, I'm still going strong.
It never stops.
I don't know what's going on.
It never stops.
Beats party, beats party.
It never, never stops.
Never stops.
It never stops.
Beats party, beats party.
It never stops.
And then because we are Christians or Americans or something, I don't know just why, we began to get conscience pains.
And we began to hear people say, well, don't just do something.
Stand there.
No.
We're ready for our TV.
He's got a rod that's about to budge.
No.
Went to the doctor.
Let her go, Bob.
And I predict that our local American doctors will go on strike and be replaced by African witch doctors.
Doctors, doctors, doctors for Bob.
Doctors, doctors, doctors for Bob.
Doctors, doctors, doctors for Bob.
Doctors, doctors, doctors for Bob.
Doctors for Bob.
Endocrinologists for Bob.
Farmers for Bob.
Gynecologists for Bob.
Car Christmas for Bob.
Illustrators for Bob.
Jailers for Bob.
Kidnappers for Bob.
Lawyers for Bob.
Mothers for Bob.
Neurologists for Bob.
We kept the pussies alive.
They were in good condition.
We fed them once a week.
I didn't see why they had anything to complain about.
We had the neighbors look in on them while we were gone.
We didn't whip them hard.
We didn't kill them very hard.
I didn't see why they had any reason to sue them.
I mean, we didn't cut her legs off hard.
I mean, she didn't really have any...
We only cut off two of her legs.
I mean, she didn't really have any reason to sue.
I mean, when we ran over her face, it was with old tires.
I really didn't think she had any reason to sue with it.
I mean, it was a Volkswagen.
I mean, if we had...
I mean, if we had...
If we had run over her with a heavy car, I can understand why she had sued for that.
Just for throwing acid pits.
Yeah, Duell only took two livers, is what I heard.
And he only took two.
He only took three kidneys.
I mean, I don't see how the Subgenius Foundation is responsible.
I mean, these people want to hypnotize us into cutting their brains out with chainsaws.
Beach party! Beach party!
It never stops!
Beach party! Beach party!
I'm tired of this nightclub.
It never stops!
This band is so bad!
It never stops!
Why do I have to pay five dollars every night to stay alive?
Beach party! Beach party!
Well, how many times do we have to play this worse song over and over and over?
Beach party! Beach party!
Over again!
Subgenius Beach Party!
Over again!
Subgenius Beach Party!
Yes, it's Subgenius Boot Camp.
Drinking coffee and staying awake.
Stand up there.
Here, stand out in the rain and keep your wake.
Here, have some old Bob Cologne.
Do you call yourself a subgenius coming to drill with a beard?
That's two demerits.
All right, Mr. Hughes.
Okay, boy, three more demerits and I'll get that new baseball glove.
Look at the knees of your uniform pants.
That's disgusting.
I'm docking you five more demerits, Mr. Hughes.
Oh, gosh, gosh, get a new car!
What are you smiling about?
Orderly, that's six more demerits.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Get your own.

The one you each play.
What am I gonna get?
Nobody knows because nobody's不行.
Daddy oggi!
cares who can pay?






No, I know that.



What on earth does she want?


The good deal is in the wallet of the beholder.
Know ye this.
Knowledge of earth taken and of the moon, not of the sun.
Extremists are as this discord in mind as great as order and patriarchy.
Through my discipline, nine armies can triumph.
The harlot will bribe thee with the rams of time.
The harlot is unclean and shall be made to perdition.
The divine king will be killed in the closet by his own crowns.
Darkness will fall.
The false signs will reign you.
If you act stupid, don't treat yourself equal.
With their bestowals and their minds and their tools shall be all stirred up together.
The image will be made flashing.
I have basically nothing to say over the end.
That's what I want to talk to you about tonight.
The prophets shall be listening from their mouths.
Do you even know what you're really thinking?
You may not know what you're really thinking.
And they shall command the source of all knowledge, which is likened to a book of the score.
And they shall write everywhere like a vine.
And they shall receive the sacraments from the angels of life, which preserve the rights in heaven.
And the cherished flowers shall arrange in the right way in the place.
While they are not friends, they shall always know how it is.
And they shall always write.
And they shall spread their message.
Everything comes apart.
Some will not understand.
They are drunk.
They are not men.
If you want to be known as an original creation, make sure you imitate them.
They are not people.
The Guru Hymn.
This is a hymn dedicated to the grinning, giggling monkey guru.
Now, this is bliss consciousness.
Now, we have the roots of the tree.
This is the trunk of the tree.
These are the branches.
The branches of the tree with the pretty leaves.
Now, in order to get bliss consciousness, we must water the roots of the tree.
When the roots are watered, the bliss rises up the trunk of the tree into the branches of the tree into the leaves.
When this happens, we have bliss consciousness.
Now, bliss consciousness is something that your mother will approve of.
Unlike sex and other said things,
this fits right on in with her.
She loves bliss consciousness.
Pig.
Pig.
There is a happy land far, far away
Where little piggies grow three times a day
Oh, you should see them run when they see the butcher come
Two cut slices off their bum three times a day
This is...
This is...
Dedicated to these goon PERCEN whale descends
F cliffs
tramp forrons
p talk
you
then
was there
and then
you, from The incorrigible Beyond.
Occultly, they'll hunt you

Your mind is no longer your own!
Ha, ha, HA, HA, HA!
I have no mind, I have no mind, my mind is not my mind.
Cast off the imperialist brains of normalcy.
Because you want to, I do what I do because you're all cold with me.
You do what you do because you want to, too.
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
You do what you do because you want to, too.
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
Now that you've seen what you've seen, will you be with us in the saucers on X-Day?
Or instead will you be left crawling through the glowing rubble, a doubter to the end?
In the sweet name of Bob, you must be saved, even if it kills you.
And of course, Bob.
You know, that was after that they picked me up and they said, you're crazy, you're crazy, Jimmy.
You gotta go in and relax and just settle down.
And they said, there's something wrong with the chemicals in your brain, that's what they said.
I say, it ain't the chemicals, you understand?
It ain't the chemicals, it's the minerals.
It's true, little pills work.
Your boy is a genius.
Pencil.
Even though we're leaving the air at this time, you may still phone in any prayer request you may have by calling 331-
Oh, digital countdown.
Or on the wall, Reverend Stang.
Yes, we're coming down, we got three minutes left.
Three minutes of slack time, friends.
And I could play some Burblin background noise, or I could play the official sign-off tunes and so forth, but...
We could just talk for another three minutes, but...
We easily, easily, easily, that is...
Easily, yeah, that's...
We could talk for another three hours, friends, because...
Or three days, if that's what it takes to get you to write to that sacred post office box.
You've been hearing the learned old scholars of the Church of the Subgenius Society tonight.
That's right.
And learned we are in the dark knowledge...
And forbidden sciences of time control, slack extraction...
And the arcane secrets of the prairie squid.
Friends, are you gonna put up with what the gland owners are laying down on you?
I want you to either stand up or shut up, baby.
That's right.
Praise Bob.
You gotta hip out to it, or die trying not to.
Or just kill me.
And think to yourself, there's no place like home.
There's no place like home.
All right.
We're pretty sure he's a psychopath now.
How do we spot him?
Well, if he's wearing a Napoleon hat, it's easy.
Otherwise, they come in all sizes and shapes.
From 11-year-old girls to 80-year-old men.
Yeah, they all look perfectly normal.
I keep telling y'all, this is a sick and perverted nation.
All tired.
And nobody wants to listen to me.
Nobody wants to hear about Bob.
Nobody...
I try to tell everybody what's going on, and they won't listen to me.
Well, to tell you the truth, I can't stand it anymore.
I don't think so.


Hi, everybody.
I'm Andy Oakley, and you're right on target for another session of The Gun Show.
It's the election year game that lets legislators from all over America say good things about
guns as they try to get votes, and score a bullseye with our sharpshooting panel.
And who's tonight's first target?
Our first target tonight, Andy, is a state senator from Rockhead, New Hampshire.
Let's have a salve of applause for Harry Bolt.
My fellow voters.
Thank you very much.
Nobody in this country admires firearms more than I do.
Every American ought to have four or five.
I've got a 12-gauge in the living room,
a .238 in the den,
.30-30 in my car,
and as you can see, I'm carrying a 4.2-inch mortar.
Now, put your hands up and don't try any funny business.
Whoopee!
Hey, we got a great reaction from our panel on that one.
And who's our next contestant?
Andy, our next target, from Milmoss, New Mexico,
a congressman who's also a minister of the First Church of Self-Defense.
Let's welcome Morris Mackley.
Fire away, Reverend Mackley.
Thank you.
I'd like to show you all a beautiful full-color picture of our Lord
wearing a .357 Magnum and a hand-tooled holster.
And remember, guns are a gift from God.
Bullseye, Reverend Mackley.
You're going to be tough to beat this election year.
And let's get to our final contestant on the firing line.
From San Francisco, California,
let's hear it for Congressman Willard Wentz.
Welcome, Willard.
And what good things can you say about guns?
Well, I don't own a gun.
And I don't particularly like people
who do own them.
Whoa.
Willard, that's our warning buzzer.
You've got just ten seconds more to say something good about guns.
And remember, our panelists are all crack shots.
Well, I guess guns are all right in their place.
I'm not sure that's enough, Willard.
You've got just five seconds more.
I think we ought to register firearms.
Whoa!
Hey, everybody's done.
That's some great shooting, panel.
And that's all we have time for on the Gun Show.
The Gun Show's been brought to you
by the U.S. Department of Defense.
By Bang, Bothered Americans Needing Guns.
I'm your host, Andy Oakley.
We'll be back right before the Illinois primary.
And in the meantime, remember,
a gun is like a good friend.
Treat it right, and it won't kill you.
We're in?
...Chapman Prayer Partner
and your personal friend.
In the next 13 or 14 minutes,
something good, good, good
is coming your way.
So don't leave this radio station.
Let's have a good time.
Let's have a good time together.
He's all I need.
He's all I need.
Ah, yeah.
Thank God I'm a man.
Remember, that's Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
75.
5, 2, 1, fire.
Yeah.
Step around in a circle.
Step around in a circle.
And you all fall down.
Hey!
I don't want this anger
burning me.
It's something for which it's so hard
to be free.
And all the dreams that we grow in sorrow
We're making a difference, a change in the day
I'm gonna be dead, I'm gonna be dead
I'm gonna be dead, that's my day
So stay tuned.
Don't forget to write Bobby for that free information.
Box 1403 of 6 Dallas, Texas.
Box 1403 of 6 Dallas, Texas.
I'm gonna play I am a doctor!
A doctor's a boss?
We bring him back to life and then we kill him again!
I went and seen myself a doctor.
And he gave me a great big bottle.
Don't take him there, kid.
Throw the poison pills away, pile!
It's probably time for a little stimulation there, cadet.
So why not get up and move a little?
Comedy is comedy, but some rhythm tossed in can do anything but help.
Let it go, boss.
Oh!
They say the bigger the headache, the bigger the pill, baby.
Call me the big pill.
We're here today, Doctor, for the World Game Jam at the Club Metro in Chicago.
And I'd like to know, Saint Sulak of the Hog Butchers of the West, are you a doctor for Bob?
I am!
This is beginning a new life for me as the Saint of the Hog Butchers of the West.
As a new man, I'm free!
I'm free!
And this proves it!
Yes, but are you a doctor for Bob?
This proves it!
Boston, I'm a doctor if I prove that I'm free!
Only a doctor for Bob can be free.
Congratulations, for Bob!
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
No, I don't work charge brainwashing, I have a little, but it's a generic.
You do what you do because you want to do it.
I do what I do because Bob told me to.
You do what you do because Bob told me to.
But you, can you walk?
Two!
From the soles of my feet to the tip of my feet, I am a doctor for Bob.
And let me say that prior to this moment, I had the least ability to understand a doctor for Bob,
or any subgenius in the church.
But tonight, with the artist elimination experiment being such a success,
I truly feel that I am, for the first time, a true doctor for Bob.
But Bobby is bigger than I.
Oh, I think he's caught it. Doctor, give him something for his cough.
All right, all right. Here's a quarter.
Oh, that's not much.
Not much of a cough.
Well, thanks, Douglas. I'll take over.
It's all right. You'll be yourself again in a minute.
I'm so sorry, everybody.
Now, you just drink this.
Oh, you!
I don't feel well.
What's the matter with you?
Oh, I don't know. I was the doctor.
And he told me what to do, but I didn't do it.
He said to take one pill three times a day, but you can't do that.
I think I'd rather die than do that.
Don't die, don't die.
And it's a gas.
I figure, you know, some of those roaches they put out in grass,
and a glass of acid will put you on the moon in an hour.
But reality, that's where it's happening.
What?
What's the use of pretending?
I can't stand this anymore.
Don't die, don't die.
Doctor, please.
Please, doctor.
Chandler said you went over to Georgia Street to see that doctor.
Yeah, that's right, Ed.
Short visit.
Poor guy.
Pretty bad, huh?
Well, the guy's really a mess.
The beatnik walked up to the epileptic and said,
Oh, I don't hear the music, but go, baby, go!
Here's my million dollars.
Bob's Beach Party.
Subgenius Beach Party.
One dollar.
He said one dollar!
All right.
Bob's Beach Party.
Subgenius Beach Party.
Subgenius Beach Party.
Subgenius Beach Party.
Subgenius Beach Party.
Great combination, isn't it, Joe?
What's that?
Arm full of narcotics and a loaded gun?
Let her go, Bob.
Boy, did we get high.
Yes, sirree.
We sure got relaxed.
A physician must determine if tendon repairs are needed.
There it is.
Here it is.

Here's the last for me.
The bleeding head are no longer.
It's growing even now as you speak.
Here's the last for me.
But if the chief ever caught me taking these pills, he'd snap my head off.
Here, try one of mine.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, the chief himself's been on these for a week, and he's a changed...
Our favorite area for clairvoyance has always been in the field of science and medicine.
What's your trouble, young man?
The Venusian goop rod, doctor.
Now, see here, young man, my time is valuable.
Doctor, this is a medical emergency.
I hope you like that nonsense.
I try to make the audience a part of the entertainment, and they go along with it all just great.
That chatter with the doctor is no phony bit.
Really, it's just the way it happens.
You'll have to make it in one night when you're down Florida way.
All right, nurse, bring the next patient in.
Get up on this table.
Pull off that gown.
Raise up that right leg, let that left one down.
Pull off them stockings, that silk underwear.
The doctor's got to cut you, mama, Lord knows where.
Internal, inner, non-existent, void particles.
You can send negro-influenced voice waves, tap-shoe disc patterns.
You can send us cow vomit, tooth broken, 11-gated, elongated, creation-oriented,
spear gum, restaurant scars.
You can send us...
Don't look at me that way, Douglas.
You're mad.
Don't be frightened, Douglas.
You have to see what service you require.
Give me down the road!
Give me down the road!
