Bar.
There.
Hello.
Hello.
My name is Bobby J. Dobbs.
Jude.
Hello.
B-Rock-O-Boner Pillows.
Hello.
Hey, Bob.
We're all going to the creek tonight.
It's gonna be a gas.
You're coming, right?
I can't, guys.
Have a The Self Genius Hour of Sweat.
Anyone who is listening now,
if you have keys to the sound booth,
that would be helpful,
but we'd also like to have flashlights
and headlights pointed at the stage.
It's not dark because we want it to be dark.
It's dark because we are locked out of the power supply.
I can't hear anything.
Anyway, we need more light.
Anybody has flashlights or cars that have lights?
That would be nice.
I'm gonna eventually run out of gas in my car.
That's our only source of light right now.
Right, Bob?
Right, Bob?
Who are these people?
Hey, what do you want?
People, yeah.
People, yeah.
People, sure.
People.
With this.
Is Reverend Og Combiner here?
Oh, by the way, I just heard from Reverend Pease.
He's lost.
He's on the ground in Ohio, and he's lost.
He called me and said,
I can't, there's no Pomeroy, Ohio.
There's a Pomeroy, Michigan.
Pomeroy, Alaska.
I'm heading there.
And I said, no, no, it's Pomeroy, Ohio.
He'll...
And then he screamed and there was a crash sound,
and I didn't hear anything else after that.
You know, for lack of anything else, when there's nothing,
no other song going on, it's always possible to do.
Well, in fact, it's impossible not to do the song that refused to die.
And now that I've said it,
uh, guess what?
It's not going to die.
It's not that great of a song or anything.
In fact, it'll get worse and worse and worse.
Then it'll get real good.
It'll sound great for a little while.
Then lightning will strike, and it'll sound bad again.
It's, uh, it's not a catchy song, exactly.
But yet it refuses to die.
It is a song that refused to die.
It could, it could die.
It may want, it, well, if it wanted to die, I suppose it might.
But it refuses to die.
You can pray for the song to die.
You can, I wouldn't recommend that,
because you never know who's going to be listening.
Uh, you could, uh, you could, you could politely ask the song to die or go away.
That's not going to happen.
Uh, you could...
You could, uh, probably pay the song to at least be quiet for a little while.
But it's just going to blow up in your face.
Just when you're going nodding off to sleep, suddenly, wham, the song comes back.
The song, it refused to die.
The last time I escaped from it, I had been experiencing it for like four hours.
And that was 20 years ago.
But...
Obviously, it's not dead.
Just listen.
The damnable thing.
It refuses to die.
Like an unholy, uh, check done by Satanist.
But it's not Satanist or subgenius's fault or nobody's fault.
The song is independent of, uh, you or me or anybody else.
Even if the electricity went off, the song would continue on.
It refuses to die.
It might take different...
It might take different forms.
Right now, you're lucky.
It sounds pretty good.
But, um, it could sound like a car wreck.
It could sound like a power line falling over and electrocating everybody.
It could sound like knives in your ears.
It might actually be knives in your ears.
You'll notice that even when I quit talking about the song that refused to die,
you'll still hear something.
Well, that's...
That's it.
That's the song just waiting to sneak up on you again.
It's a bastard, that song is.
Or something.
We don't know what sex it is.
I suppose songs don't actually have to have a...
a sex.
I hope to God it can't reproduce.
Man, that would be horrible.
Think of more than one song that refused to die.
On the other hand, where there's one song that refused to die,
that usually means somewhere there's a mommy song that refused to die
and a daddy song that refused to die.

Luckily, I'm half deaf, so I can only hear half of the song that refused to die.
Lucky me.
That just means it's an unbalanced song that refuses to die.
There's one thing about the song that refused to die.
Usually it means Bob is somewhere around.
Because he's a baby.

You can kind of feel that Bob energy.
Hey, something just popped in my ear here.
I said Bob, and it popped in my ear.
I can hear again.
Say baby.
Baby.
I can hear again.
Oh wait, that was the ear that could already hear.
Shit.
I was wondering...
No, no.
No.
No.

The song killed my right ear, friends.
There's some bad sounds out there.
The sound of Christians talking bad about Bob.
Think of that.
The thing of atheists talking bad about Bob.
Pagans talking bad on Bob.
Subgeniuses talking bad on Bob.
Bad on Bob.
The only thing that's going to stop me from listening is this.














I got it. I take it. It's a B. I said O. I got B. And I stay O.
B-I-I-O-B. B-I-I-O-B.
Oh, finally something different.
Oh, shit. It came back again.
See? Let's try to get off that subject.
Let's try to think of something good with lyrics.
Leo box 1, 8, 1, 4, 1, 7.
Oh.
Oh, yes.
Ah, now I feel it.
I'm starting to feel the spirit.
Something great is happening.
Something great is happening here.
I said A.
B-O.
B-O.
B-O-B.
B-O-B.
B-O-B.
B-O-B.
B-O-B.
B-O.

B-O-B.

B-O-B.
B-O-B.
B-O-B.
B-O-B.




B-O-B.
Why won't you come back, Bob?
You were here last year.
Or was that the year before?
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
We tried to hunt him down and kill him.
And why?
Just because he murdered a few assholes and some bobbies.
Nobody needed.
He went off.
Come on back, old Bob.
Come on back, old Bob.
Old Bobby, come on.
Come on, come on, give us some slack.
Oh, shouldn't have said that.
Ask Bob to give you some slack.
He takes it right away.
Whatever you do, don't ask a sub-genius to do what you want.


You want it to do.
Demand it to do the opposite of what you wanted it to do and it might get done.
I've heard more about bears this next day than ever in my life.
What does that have to do with anything?
Oh, yes.
Yes, yes.
Yes.
I have old Bob.
B-O-B.
Bob on the brain.
Yes.

Big old brother is watching you.
B-O-B.
1-3-0.
1-3 spells Bob.
It don't make no sense, does it?
Well, that's because monsters like a demand would be around thee all about and the door
that should be locked will be open.
There will be signs in the heavens and signs in the heavens.
There will be signs in the earth.
Blood bounces from the earth.
The lights in the sky rebuke thee and science, thy sciences shall bring thee nought but devils.
See, it refuses to die.
It's started to die.
We thought it was going to die.
We were about to let it die.
We withdrew life support.
We un-plugged it.
We beat on it, we hit it, we thrashed it, we tried ignoring it, but it came back.
It refuses to die, it's on, it refuses to die.
It lives on, walks and trudges on, shuffling like a mummy.
We're one of those walkers in that show, Walkers for Trump.
Oh God.
I knew about the damn Heliopters for the broke frat.
I knew about little the broke frat.
I knew about the Screamers.
But I didn't, they didn't warn me about the song that refused to die.
No, no, no.
Put a stake through the heart mill, how about if you cut off its head and stuck garlic in its head's mouth
and pull its heart out.
Would silver bullets stop the song?
Could you electrify the song?
Could you use the oxygen remover that they used to kill Godzilla that first time?
Could the Cloverfield monster destroy the song?
Good luck on that, it's part of it.
What are we gonna do about the song that refused to die?
What are we gonna do about the bleeding man of world power for that great matter?
Hey, I know we can hit the drummer.
Yeah, hit the drummer.
That's a great idea, we'll use the drummer for a drum.
But then his screams would be part of the song that refused to die.
How about pills?
How about pills?
Maybe we can slow the song down with pills.
Anybody got any thoracy?
Wouldn't that slow it down?
No, that'd probably just get it excited.
It'd probably get behind the wheel of a car and start driving after down the highway.
That probably would happen to Pete.
Friends, when that song comes along, you're stunned, eh?
Because it refuses to die.
In fact, I bet my tightness that it refuses to die, so I'm gonna go up there and check it.
Thank you!
I have a saying, everybody.
I have a saying.
Never have a plot, please.
You'll also accept T-Bag and others who make love to you.






T-Bag and others who make love to you, you still can't tell me!
Woo!
Raise my hand!
Raise my hand!
Raise my hand!

Raise my hand!
Hey, say hi to the viewers.
Hello viewers of X-Ray number 4.
Hello viewers of X-Ray number 4.
Hello viewers of X-Ray number 4.
Bert?
Yes? Point the gun away from me.
I'm not reading your scripted apology.
I'm not reading your scripted apology.
You're supposed to read signs.
I have a little thing called Principal.
I have a little thing called Principal.
You might want to try it sometime!
Where do you buy that at?
Where do you buy that at?
Fan number 1, unplug yourself.
Fan number 1, unplug yourself.
If you are our number 1 fan,
If you are our number 1 fan,
please unplug yourself now.
Are we waiting for Doug or are we just gonna fucking go?
Are we waiting for Doug or are we just gonna fucking go?
not going yet. I mean, we're good
when we go. No, show's cancelled.
Alright, everybody.
X Day's over.
You're all
effing fired. You're all free to
leave.
Except for you.
Except for Ivan Stang,
who has to account for his crime
here on
Let's Judge Your
Crimes, a copyright feature
of Thor's Euron Incorporated.
Please fire me!
You're fired!
Where's Donald Trump when I need him?
Please fire me!
Oh, he'll be here and then we'll
all want to be fired.
You'll find a sliver in the locker room.
It's the color pink.
I think they're trying to tell us
something. You know what else is pink, animal?
They're trying to tell us something.
Hey, hey, you know what else
is pink? You know
what else is pink?
Drink it.
I'll tell you what's pink.
All the motherfuckers we're gonna kill
in a number... No, animal.
See, it was family friendly after all.
Well, as far as
UFO genocide
against the entire human race
can be, I suppose that's a
genocide. That's just quibbling.
At that point, you're really just kinda...
You've killed a lot of people and it's not gonna get better.
And it doesn't matter
what fancy words you put on it.
You're a damn ass murder.
You know, some people,
some people have arguably done worse.
What are they trying to tell us?
Some people are gonna vote for Donald Trump.
What are they trying to tell us?
Oh, but yeah, what's pink?
I just want to know what they're
trying to tell me!
Well, you shouldn't be wearing
the fucking, uh, the
aluminum helmets then.
You're blocking out all the brainwaves.
How are you gonna get...
Once again, pointed towards the keyboard.
You can just turn that away a bit.
Like so?
This is great for the folks
at home.
If you are our number one fan,
please demote yourself to
number seven.
No, number two.
You know who you are.
One last call
for fucking Frank
Flanagan
of Nevada.
I didn't want it to come
to this, peas,
but your dilettantesis
and absenteeism
and truancy
is not really working right now.
Oh, fuck, peas.
We know you like to show up
late and cause the best moments
of the party.
I don't care
about your daughter's
husband and child and if she has
to be back there.
They'll be there
tomorrow.
Hello, Reverend Peas!
You don't know me because
you've never met me before.
That's because I'm dead now.
Can we get a little more monitor?
When you were in third grade
and your mommy was driving you
to the peasatorium,
you said,
hey, look, an ice cream truck.
And that's when your mom
ran me over.
I just wanted to let you know
it's okay.
It's okay.
I was going to tell you
after X-Day, but I didn't.
We like ambient music.
Ambient.
Ambient.
Make it more ambient!
Yeah, it's a little in the moment right now.
I require ambience!
And I require it now!
Ambient?
No, ambient.
Oh!
Ambulance.
Ambulance.
Take an ice nap.
You're all drinking?
Yes.
You've got a perfectly good microphone
in front of your face, and no!
You choose the bottle.
You're recording this, right?
I mean, you're recording?
This is 2016,
the year of Zuckerberg.
I just assume everything is recorded.
Everything is on the editing floor.
We've got an obligation to these people
that are stupid enough to sit out here
and listen to us.
Well, there's a bunch over there that aren't,
but they can still hear us,
and we have an obligation to annoy them even further,
because they're not here!
This show goes out to everybody
who's not sitting in front of us,
because we're going to deal with you
with noise.
Of Scooby?
Of comedy noise.
I'm singing something less abstract.
That's because Scrappy was asking you.
Closer.
Because there's no child left behind
happened right about the time.
And a little bit of music.
On top of that, yeah.
What's wearing pants?
You asked for a single scoop of...
I'm going to throw one on top, on the house.
Donald Duck never wore pants either.
Is everybody in a good mood tonight?
I think they're miserable, Sid,
and good riddance.
They came out to see Thor's In Urine,
and they should know what they're getting themselves into.
100 episodes of pure misery.
A pinky ring.
Always a pinky ring.
Who rented this audience?
As long as you have a pinky ring, you are fully dressed.
We need to go with another audience rental company next time.
Sorry, guys, I outsourced the Costco.
I was thinking the buy-and-buy would save us money.
Were you guys doing anything over there the whole time?
We were doing our thing.
What thing?
You apologized for that sound you made
with your machine body, young man.
Stay confused.
You're doing it again?
What is this shit?
I don't know what's going on.
Do you?
I can't hear anything.
It sounds like a computer working its way up
to a really expensive orgasm.
Maybe we should switch seats
so you can see me and I can hear you.
Anna!
Anna!
Help!
Oh, shit.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the sound of a touch-tone telephone
having an orgasm.
Oh, no.
You heard it here.
Did I?
Did I?
Did I?
Oh, my.
Viewers at home back in television land,
look away, children.
There's about to be some...
some of that.
As you can see,
the traditional X-Day mating dance
continues on as it does every year before,
so I've been told.
Is that a gluten-free
physical exchange?
Because...
I'm not sure.
Come on!
Sibilants!
Sibilants!
Sibilants!
It's called cellular mitosis.
That's just the first stage.
You're making that up.
Backwards bob on the...
Those aren't even...
Science is a lie!
Where's AML?
What?
Yeah, what are you doing?
Bam!
You sick clown!
Yeah!
All right.
Okay.
Um...
When you come to Wisteria to use the Wi-Fi,
you have to...
I think you have to pay ten bucks.
And you...
This is a...

This is a...
This is not made clear in the forehead to some of us.
You get a ticket, right?
You get a ticket with a code number
that allows you to use the Wi-Fi.
Like at a motel.
If you stay at a motel, same kind of thing.
Well, my code number, the first...
I had...
Actually, I had to get three tickets,
so I had three devices.
But the first one I got had the number
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
and then dash...
one, three, two, one, three.
That was the little ticket I got.
One, three, two, one, three.
Did you put it on your tongue, that ticket?
Now, you know, if it was one, three, oh, one, three,
it would spell Bob.
As it is, it spells Batuba.
Or something.
If a worm's way becomes bees,
then it's Batuba.
But it's close.
It's like X-Day itself, so close.
And yet, so far away.
But so close.
I got a ticket!
Death looms every second.
I love this earth.
Did you have a ticket?
Yeah, but it should have a sacred number.
I don't know!
The other one's like that one.
47418.
That's almost our P.O. box.
Or our zip code or something.
I don't know.
I really haven't looked at it much yet.
What are you doing?
It's numerologically significant.
What did you do here?
Yeah, it's 66666, right?
Right.
What a coincidence.
99999.
That's almost 10.
1301303010...
Numbers can be magic.
Yes.
I don't believe that, actually.
But it's really fun to get a ticket that spells Bob in numerals.
Numbers can be fun.
I used to say, you know, Reverend 80 is only two-thirds of the man that I know.











But it depends on how much of a math freak you are.
Well, Doc Kosmak pointed out that actually if you do the math, he's less than one-tenth
of the man that Reverend 808 is, if you do 80 to 808.
So, you know, I was overestimating Reverend 80, apparently.
I was giving too much credit.
I was giving him two-thirds of Reverend 808.
Kosmak knocked him back all that much further.
That's a good point.


One is the loneliest number.
80 is 80 times more popular than one.
That's not really a question.
808, well, his name kind of spells Bob.
Kind of.
Is it 808 or 808?
If I was to ask...
Well, you know what?
I mean, I don't know that.
It could be either one.
And I've had to fill out part of his marriage license.
808 or 808.
Man, you know, if I did it wrong...
If I did it wrong...
If I drew that O and meant the wrong O...
Oh my God.
Or zero, that means they're still living in sin.
Giggle Puss and 808 are not really legally married.
And that's like...
I think we've got some work to do, Reverend Seng.
This looks like a job for Reverend Ivan Seng.
33278.
That doesn't...
It's...
It's got the 27 at 273.
Yeah, it does have 273.
That's a sacred bond.
That's the...
You know how the Discordians think 23 is so important?
Oh man, you're going to find a 23 every 23 things.
It's a lot harder to find a 273.
That's a really special number.
Yeah.
By the way, I should give credit to St. Byron Warner for identifying that number as
the number.
You see, it has 327 in it, which is almost the same number as the number in the original





book.
I mean, it's the number that's the number.

You see, it's there.
Right.
It's like the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
Because it's so random, that's why it's so important.
The stupider it looks, the more important it probably is.
Which, that would make me really important.
The stupider it looks, the more important it probably is.
How is he there?
How's Mary on the tank?
How's Mary on the tank?
No, I'm not a stupider.
I am a real important because I'm so stupid.
Well, look at the presidential election, Stan, we've been just a caveman and not the
Neanderthal, just a cave cromaggon, a weakling compared to the mighty Neanderthal or more
popular than Neanderthal.
Mm, yeah.
You've got to get it right.
My God!
All right.


Ah, yes, dear friends.
As we listen to the lilting strains
of Reverend Jimmy Ryan's melodic piece.
Called Almighty.
I'll give you some credits.
I'll give you credit for putting up with this show for this long.
Let's see.
The band that was playing in the background
on the song that refused to die at 19X Day.
I think that was Lord Ferg on bass.
Reverend Hazel of the Windmills on guitar.
Joe Goth might have been on guitar.
And I'm guessing that was Reverend Cosmack on keyboards.
Now, when it turned into this,
The Yelling People,
that was Thorazine Urine Podcrust,
which is a podcrust of sorts.
And here they are in the background again.
It's the X-Day band playing.
The podcrust that night,
I think it was Saturday night,
at 8 p.m.,


was Reverend Fid Schooley,
Reverend Anna Maul,
Dr. Shoggoth,
A.P. O'Stacey Fnord,
Reverend Baby Bear,
Reverend Cosmack,
and I don't know who all else.
This material is all from the early days
in the festival
before Reverend Angry Larry got here.
Lovely.
The books of excrement,
leviation, mumbles, and dermatology
summarize Bob's deliverance from boredom
and his 40-year stay in the wilderness.
Bob rebelled and sought frop
to make his mind explode.
But then the evil anti-Bob
destroyed the frop crops
and Bob was sad.
Bob endured and forgave the evil.
anti-Bob who had kidnapped Connie and was busy with her until her poor behind was
sore. Bob enlisted the help of the Yeti Bob, the underwater Bob, and Bob from
another time to help him attack the evil anti-Bob's domain and free the captive
Connie. When the Bobs, the various Bobs, managed to disrupt the attention of the
anti-Bob and wrench Connie from his grasp, they escaped in the magic giant
pea pod loaned to them by the wizard Bob. Because of this, Maleklips the Younger
was told by Bob to, from now on, number all the males in Karma Land according to
the Discordium system of fives. And the total
of these was six hundred and three thousand five hundred fifty men over the
age of puberty. The Leviators are numbered by themselves, every male from a
month old and upward. And thou, Hercules, shall appoint the Leviators over the
Mormon Tabernacle Choir and over the vessels thereof, and all things that
pertain to it, and shall encamp round about the Tabernacle.
And the rest shall be in the camp of the Tabernacle, and shall be in the camp of the Tabernacle.
And they shall sing and dance with the Tabernacle for forty years. And Bob spoke to Hercules,
saying, Take the Leviators instead of all the firstborn among all the children of Karma
Land, and the cattle of the Leviators, which means priests, instead of Karma Land's cattle,
and the Leviators shall be mine. The total number of Leviators was twenty-two thousand,
and there were more of the firstborn among all the children of Karma Land. And the total number of
Leviator's allowed for the fourth generation of the Macedonians.
And they were,"
Andeki quite Tes ringing too dry a month his hips, the mixing-room was around the
I Pear got 십
over.
Here there were no I and Hercules, lips Feuling rose and a cross fell on смог
a broken mouth, as in the image of creation.
These signify a kick in what was the táaku, the before funcioning conception.
Divide by 1,000 and add 2.
Calculate your income from line 6 of your tax return and add 20%.
Whichever amount is higher is your amount claimable for a tax credit.
Imagine you're on a train going 500 miles an hour and another train heading in the same direction at 650 miles per hour.
Which train will arrive at the preconceived destination first?
Sparky and Hercules shook their heads and answered nay, for both trains will collide and be destroyed.
Therefore, your tax credit return will be in indirect proportion to the amount of insurance money you receive from the government.
And of course, this was correct.
Bob knew he could not fool his two most trusted apostles, so Bob spoke to Hercules and Sparky saying,
Take a table and spread upon it beaver skins.
And then,
Put upon that the dishes, spoons, bowls, and spread them on a cloth of violet.
Cover the cloth with candlesticks, incense, bowls of soup, hashish and hash pipes, sacred frop, jugs of wine, pornography, and foodstuffs like, um, curries and rice and tasty bread and Peking duck and you know, stuff like that.
And then invite over a whole bunch of subgenii.
And the discordians alike.
And get a good band, like the scrotal twang machine or something.
And have a big party.
And get really messed up and like have a big orgy or something.
And they did.
They had a most excellent party and towards the end, Bob appeared to them with pip in hand.
I think that's probably meant to say pipe.
In hand and spoke to the congregation.
The law of the subgenius and discordianism alike has made us free from law and power of the anti-pip.
Yeah, so stubbornly had to provide the
rust�지 and the
and it could've been just a conversation with a little voice like.
aыш

And Kay
So I'm going to begin with my Yeshua.

The derfuch war is up there and everything just Dor geschwe.
The end. Bob the Slackness is coming back to redeem, receive his purchased possession.
Are you one?
And friends, I didn't really expect to read that whole thing.
But the blinky light didn't blink.
There has been no blinky light of Dave.
The funny thing is this was in a zine I found in a box in our garage.
A box of stuff I had not sorted in 1994 when this box accumulated.
And apparently this was written by Pope Armikurit III.
And it's in a zine called The Discordian Life and Reality Examiner No. 1.
Which is a fad.
A free thing.
And Dave is a free man, finally.
Who's a free man?
You. You're free of not being on the phone with this radio station.
I'm free of not being on the phone?
Well, that does make sense in a rather oblique way.
Do you mind if I use a semi-big word?
It's not the same as obstruction, which we all have in our bowel movements.
Obliquity?
Yeah, that's obliquely.
Obliquely?
Obligato, senor.
Obliquity.
Obliquity clack.
A-ha.
A-ha.
A-ha.
So I was just noticing what interesting times we live in.
Yeah, I was noticing that curse, too.
It's very sad.
It is very sad.
In fact, tonight is the end of an era, Dave, in the city of DNA level C.
There will be no more Barking Spider Tavern.
It has closed.
The Barking Spider closed?
Yes, it has closed.
It was a very sad, very sad thing.
Well, these eateries and bars do close.
Remember, the Euclid Tavern went down.
Everybody thought, there goes the Euclid Tavern.
They're one of the places that would let us play.
Yeah.
Oh, there's lots of places that would let us play.
They beg us to play, but man.
They spelled after the gig.
The day I do another, the day I set up another one of those things, you'll know that I've run out of money.
Or that you've lost your mind completely.
Right.
Well, that wouldn't.
Much easier, I would think.
Well, I don't know.
You can go broke or go insane quickly.
Why not both?
Why not both?
Yeah, and that would be real uncomfortable.
That would be more uncomfortable than having packed stools and arguments with your neighbors.
Just think of.
You wouldn't even know you no longer had any money, and yet you would try to interact as a person normally would.
And you'd be disemboweled by everyone.
Wow.
Dave.
Did you hear what Dave's voice did just then?
How did he do that?
I think he disappeared.
He transmogrified, it sounded like.
To what?
Oh, no.
He's back again.
Your voice.
It just digitized out.
When I send you the CD, you'll hear it.
You'll hear it.
You'll hear it.
You'll hear it.
You'll hear it.





I know.
I lost and vanished.
Kind of like that.
I love when that happens, when you digitize.
What do they call that?
Bad humbugs?
Satellite bounce back.
I don't know.
Satellite bounce.
Yeah.
That's the name I remember.
These modern times are much scarier for some people than they are for others.
I just read the saddest article about a little old man, but two years younger than I am,
who won't go to Walmart for his diet soda pop and his cigarettes unless he's carrying an automatic weapon with him.
Because he's so certain that terrorists will attack a place with a lot of crowds.
Like a Walmart.
Like his little town Walmart.
And they specifically have all the thousands of little town Walmarts will notice that he's the one who's carrying the gun and waiting for them.
Well, what was so sad about it, his wife thought he was nuts, but kind of put up with it.
And everybody in town thought he was nuts.
Of course, the police had been called in every time he went to Walmart with his gun.
But that's not illegal.
It just bothered everyone.
Here's the really sad part.
This guy was perfectly normal.
And not afraid.
Until a bunch of bad things happened to him.
Didn't have anything to do with terrorists or crime.
It was that he had told his wife she could quit her job and he could support her with his trucking job.
But then they fired him.
And then his cigarette smoking got to him and he suddenly had bills, bills, bills.
And he filed for bankruptcy three times and had to move into a crappier neighborhood.
And in the course of...
And he got to where he couldn't...
Hardly walk.
He had to use one of those little carts when he went shopping for soda and cigarettes at Walmart with his gun.
They call it a urinary caveat.
It means that you might have to actually extricate yourself as you're waiting by the pharmacy.
Well, the sad thing is, is that obviously what made this guy become terrified of terrorists suddenly attacking him because Walmart is a crowded place.
And that really started when his personal luck went south.
His smoking and drinking and bad planning and bad luck kind of caught up with him.
And that was what made him decide he had to have more control over his life.
And the need for control took the form of terror of the others coming to Walmart.
And...
And...
Having weapons in there and using them.
So...
I think it's part of all very symptomatic of an overall release.
A negative thing that's going on in the country.
I don't know if anybody's ever read the thesis.
It was turned into a book called Wisconsin Death Trip.
When Bill and me age a period of time in American history in the 1890s or early 1900s when certain parts of the country appeared to just completely go berserk.

crazy. But I know in my job, I occasionally look at police blotters. And there was a man
at one of these restaurants. Should I say the name? I'm not. I shouldn't say the name.
Apple Boners or something like that. And they got into a political argument about Donald
Trump and Becky Wisewell, whatever her name is. Mrs. Cloutier. That's her name. Betty,
you know, the killer, the killer robot, the robot and the Trumpster. And he showed that
he was, quote unquote, packing. He was going to apparently shoot a person who was in a
political district. And you know which side he was thinking that that was going to make
the world better by shooting some liberal that disagreed with him.
Maybe our Second Amendment people know what to do about that. They ought to just disarm
her. Secret.
We'll see what happens.
But it seems like a cataclysmic orifice. It seems like it's just so prevalent in our nation
today that these people, their lives go south and they blame it on the people like the radio
tells them to blame it on.
Right. Exactly.
Jays.
Yeah. Yep. It's all everybody else's fault. And it's funny, you know, because they'll
say over and over again, you stupid libtards can't do anything but lie and insult people
with stupid insults.
And why?
And why?
And you lie. And meanwhile, if you look into the things they're saying about the evil
robot, it turns out none of it is actually true. And when you look into the things about
the evil orangutan, it turns out all of it's true. And in fact, there's a lot more worse
stuff bubbling under the surface.
It's strange, isn't it?
Yes, it is a little strange. But again, I have to say, I don't think it's a good thing.
I have to say, the difference between everybody going crazy in 1870 and people going crazy
in 2017 is that the internet. It's contagious insanity. They can supplement each other's
fairytale existence. Now, this is true of any person. You know, a libtard can live in
a libtard bubble. I happen to spend more time in the right wing bubble because when I was
I'm always interested.
It never ceases to amaze me.
Well, it's kind of like when I used to study cults.
It's amazing what people will want to believe.
My dad used to say, I believe what I need to believe.
And I'm like, wow, that's pretty serious and honest.
That's the human condition.
We all do that.
But some people are more afraid and need to believe in some sort of power of their gun and some other big man, be it Howard Stern or Donald Trump or some preacher like Reverend Ivan Stang that's going to tell them what to do.
It's because they screwed up.
They picked the wrong path in life.
They had chose bad lifestyles.
Working crappy jobs.
Not educating themselves.
Not exercising.
Poisoning themselves because it tastes better.
And now they're mad at everybody who doesn't look obese and smell like an ashtray and fly a great big flag.
Because anybody who doesn't fly a great big flag and carry a gun must be anti-American.
They can't.
They're not just unpatriotic.
They're evil.
Communist.
Museline.
Nazi.
Deplorables.
Oh, no, no, we're not.
We're not the deplorables.
We're the admirables.
I always wondered, you know, I've seen these people wander into the office of the place where I work and stuff and go through these Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde changes over the liberal media.
They'll start laughing.
And then they'll get real mad like they're going to kill.
They'll kill everybody and stuff like that.
Like in their faces get red and they freak out.
And it's usually people that they appear to be like in their early 70s.
And by liberal media, they mean the ordinary, everyday, normal news shows that actually carry some level of news.
Yeah, which tries to be or at least have a reputation of being fair.
Nobody wants to be branded as a liberal or conservative media except for those few places who are making an awful lot of money by saying that.
Right.
And it is a good way to make money is to just tell people what they most want to hear and deny them the stuff that might make them uncomfortable.
Yeah.
We've had numerous times just recently where like the people at the front desk go, should I push the panic button?
The panic button means it goes directly to the police and says, come on over quick.
There's one of these weirdos here and stuff.
Oh, you mean at your office?
Yes.
Because it's part of the media.
Yes.
Evidently, heroin has become a really big, bad problem again all over everywhere.
Well, no, it's a much bigger problem among the poor.
And the miserable.
And there's a lot.
Actually, there aren't more of them, but they're more empowered to feel like life is unfair and therefore they should take heroin, listen to Rush, take more of Rush's heroin and vote for Donald Trump.
Because that gives them the feeling of power that they lost when they sat on their butts for most of their lives and lost the ability to.
Get a job, walk all the way into Walmart and across the store and back to their car without a little motorized cart.
And I don't know, man.
I just see.
You see the death of a civilization, if you want to call it.
To me, it's from laziness.
They're dying of laziness.
They're dying of the unwillingness to improve their own lot by educating themselves.
By maybe looking at the stuff that makes them uncomfortable.
Well, you must remember that the medium, the media, the various different mediums, the media.
Yeah, like we're on now.
Like we're on now.
Like you get paid by.
Some of the stuff that is true about neo-McCloughanism, I know you like to bash McLoughan over the skull.
I don't care about McLoughan.
Like with other religious cults, it's his followers that bother me.
Well, what?
What's commonly believed now in communications is neo-McCloughanism.
There's all kinds of neo stuff there and everything like that.
But basically, the idea is that there are hot mediums, warm mediums, cold mediums and cool mediums.
And they all have a different function in making people believe stuff.
Hot medium of AM radio makes people very angry.
The cool medium of television co-ops reality in such a way that you see something on television.
And you believe that somehow you were there when it happened and you are an eyewitness.
Even though it's just a bunch of footage that some idiot probably made up.
Right.
Yeah.
On television, it goes by fast and you can't stop and think about what you're reading because you're not reading.
That's why I don't watch TV news.
I probably mispronounce a lot of names of places because I only read it.
Because that gives my...
It gives my brain time to say, is this an opinion or a fact being stated?
And didn't they just leave a word out of that sentence?
You know?
Yeah.
But how many people are really going to be that inclined to use their brain to analyze everything that they're reading?
Most of them aren't reading.
You don't have to lately, you know?
You don't really have to.
All you have to do is just like reach into your pocket and grab your app, your phone.
Or whatever and stuff.
And instead of researching something that's going to make you smarter,
they can go and talk to some other idiots like themselves who want to kill everybody.
Well, now see, I spend a lot of my time reading the websites of the people who want to kill me.
I spend a lot of time reading what I would call the opposition.
Probably a lot more...
You get this, Dave.
I've never watched The Daily Show.
Not once.
I've never seen a Steve...
Even Colbert show.
I've never watched MSNBC for very long.
But I look at Breitbart and Drudge Report every day.
And I've been interested...
It's been very interesting to see what they don't even talk about on those things.
Right.
As opposed to what they...
What they don't talk about.
Right.
As opposed to what they hammer and hammer and hammer at.
Which largely appears to me like paranoid.
Paranoid fairy tales.
Except that around half of the people in the country love paranoid fairy tales now.
Now, I happen to be one of those lucky people that has a life.
I'm actually a pretty happy guy.
I'm not afraid.
If things go bad for me, I can change my situation.
But not everybody feels that way.
Well, you can't necessarily blame them for feeling that way.
They no longer have the opportunity to know how to embolden them.
To engender.
To, you know, make things happen for themselves.
Right.
They've been working that assembly line job or that trucking job their whole lives.
And they can't imagine learning to do anything else.
I wouldn't blame it on that.
I would blame it on the media itself as an evil tool of avarice and vice.
And a bunch of other...
Nasty words.
Well, it's half advertising.
So, duh.
Yeah.
Somebody asked me how come the subgenius stuff on the internet isn't monetized.
You can watch our videos for free.
You can listen to the Hour of Slack for free.
Anytime you want.
Anywhere in the world.
If you've got the little machine.
And they said, why aren't you running ads and monetizing this?
And my simple answer was...
I hate ads.
I used to make ads.
I used to be a film guy that made TV commercials.
Me too.
And I know how all of that stuff works.
I've worked in the media.
I'm in the free media right now.
Praise college radio.
Praise college radio.
It's the only real radio left.
Everything else is practically...
It's either that monopoly of right-wing AM talk shows.
Or...
In the liberal control media.
Isn't that funny?
And yet all the talk shows are conservative.
Go figure.
Yeah, you can just go from one end to the other.
Big stations.
Obviously not...
Again, college stations.
We're not beholden to anyone.
Or onto anything.
And we don't have a lot of money.
So we have to be careful about cussing.
Even cussing.
Yep.
And just because...
Cussing is the main thing.
You could cuss like a sea dog
on a regular one of those big AM or FM stations and everything.
Because you know why?
They got lawyers.
Because your legal staff...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Your legal staff has the wherewithal
to...
We'll pay this fine and we'll...
You know, commit fellatio on the FCC...
Or on the FAA...
Or on the...
You know...
Right.
That's like...
Yeah.
And whereas, you know, a small station...
I said poo-poo on the air and all of a sudden...
Well...
Well...
Well...


I remember when they used to even...
They used to orchestrate these little old lady...
These little old lady letters.
And many of these little old ladies didn't exist.
Can you imagine what a corrupt society we live in?
They want to get somebody off the air.
They invent some little old ladies.
So-and-so is definitely a so-and-so.
And we don't need people like that on our airwaves.
So we have...
File concept.
We had that problem in Dallas on the old station K-N-O-N.
There were these religious people that really wanted that airwave bad.
And they would...
Well, they didn't really have to make up stories.
But they did anyway.
Yeah.
Religious people are so honest.
That's funny.
A guy at K-N-O-N in Dallas recently told me...
He used to...
He was one of the...
He's been with the station forever.
Apparently, he used to...
Tape the hour of slack.
Now, this is back in the 80s, okay?
And he just copied all of his tapes of old hours of slack onto MP3s
and sent them to me on a thumb drive.
Now, we had better copies of most of that stuff already online,
but there's some that hasn't been copied.
Anyway, the weird thing is, the guy said,
well, if you're going to be in Texas a lot, which we are,
he said, you could actually have your show back at K-N-O-N.
Yeah.
Wouldn't that be strange?
That would be strange.

But I would have to drive to Dallas from Stangsville,
which is like an hour and a half,
every Sunday night.
Or whenever.
The funny thing is, at K-N-O-N, we were on a Sunday night at 9,
and it was also 89.3.
That was synchronistically spooky right there.
Yeah, but then they changed hands and they kicked me
and everybody else of a certain type.
A certain type.
Off of the station.
And then that guy got fired, but it never got back to normal.
And this hasn't been a very funny hour of slack, has it?
No, I'm sorry.
I complained so hardly.
No, we're both worried about the zeitgeist.
Well, the common device geist.
I mean, the zeitgeist.
And today, although it's outmoded in our technical time frame,
there's a lot of people who are worried about the zeitgeist.
There's many so-called suicidal terrorist acts.
Act 3, Scene 5 was one of the worst.
And I guess next we're going to be attacking Russian bases or something.
I don't know.
It seems like even the higher-ups, who are pretty lowbrow,
pretty small-brained, have gone crazy, too.
It's a bummer, man.
It is a bummer.
Bob said,
It's going to be a bummer.
True words were never...
Well, true words actually have been spoken,
but that's still very true.
It's either true or it's untrue,
but I love to hear myself say it's very true.
Yes, that Bobby's so prophetic.
Well, friends, this unfunny show has been hour of slack number 1,580.
The show that refused to die.
A retort.
We're done September 18th of the year.
The conspiracy likes to believe it's 2016,
but we know it ain't even 1998 yet.
Wish I knew when it was.
Yeah, it seems each year it's not.
So, anyway, for those who wonder about this Bob Dobbs subgenius church cult thing,
Oh, oh, oh.
It's subgenius.com.
And all you have to do is know how to spell subgenius.
It doesn't have an O in it.
Believe it or not.
But it smells like it does sometimes.
It's better to fabricate the truth, you know?
Then let's say, well, it's really spelled subgenio or something like that.
It would be subgenious.
It's not subgenious.
It's subgenious.
Subgenious.
It's subgenious.
Subgenious is.
And now, Dave, I'm going to pot you down and pot you out because it's...
Pot me up, man.
It's the news.
From PR News in Washington, I'm a lot tighter with certain customers in a green jumpsuit,
but not in public.
PR reports the Department of Homeland Security will disrupt the United States
on the family-friendly Fourth of Racist and Homophobic July.
Until further notice.
Officials say Jay Johnson says he's directed the TSA
to implement enhanced July 4th holidays.
Not PR News.
A federal court that killed four Americans was captured weeks ago
and is charged with conspiring to provide support to customers and visitors.
Dow is 20-16-6 to...
PR's report reports COO Sheryl Sandberg poorly communicated with its PR News.
COO Sandberg says it was PR News to upset you.
This is lucinogenic mushrooms and cocaine, but not PR.
CRT standoff
The 38-year-old 씹ъ bacterial virus is used to treat cancer постоян хорошо and exterminate the virus.
crouches against the prescriptions bill worth two weeks.
which drove cathedral pulpit, amyotrophic withes, take uit in 15 days.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
