From PR News in Washington, I'm poorer and still in debt.
Pope Francis writes that hundreds of Catholic priests gathered in Pennsylvania to complete the annual Catholic sexual abuse pilgrimage.
This pilgrimage is a religious duty. All able-bodied Catholics who can afford it should perform sexual abuse at a sex resort in Pennsylvania.
The Pope writes that no effort must be spared to stop a PR News from occurring, but also to stop the possibility of it being covered up and perpetuated.
The Dow is 10-25-7-80-5-15-2.
President Trump is continuing to denounce PR News at a sex resort in North Korea.
Trump says you're listening to PR News from Washington.
President Trump says PR News is greasy.
I don't know what on earth you're talking about.
Yes.
The Self-Genius Power of Sweat.
But order right now and we'll double the offer for free.
What do you want?
That's two for the price of one.
And call now to receive one to fit your own style.
Or call now. Receive not one, but two.
So call now. Today. Order right now.
Call 800-856-4070-00854.
You bet.
What does that mean?
Some water over the docks can't really get high.
Some water over the docks can't really get high.
Fuck dogs.
Fuck dogs.
Fuck dogs.
Fuck dogs.

Fuck dogs.
Fuck dogs.
Fuck dogs.
Fuck dogs.
Fuck dogs.

Warning, warning, warning.
You are now listening to the The Self-Genius Broadcast.
Come out of your homes.
Unlock your cars.
Quit your job.
Eat the nippers!
Stop all unnecessary productions!
Stop voting for them!
And no matter what,
Please, stop!
Dis temas por Fήda.
The American Dream is dead.
The American Dream is dead.
The American Dream is dead.
The American Dream is dead.
Dead, dead, dead, dead.
I am the truth.
Hey, you, baby, you don't know how bad it's gonna get.
If you think shit sucks now, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Because it doesn't get better unless you're pretty.
It doesn't get better.
Unless you've got money.
It doesn't get better.
So just give up.
It never gets better.
Ah!
Thanks to Cool Hand Chris for the collages.
And now, this.
Dave, it's a week out.
Uh, Dave.
Why are you crying?
What?
I'm sorry.
Hold on just a sec.
Keep talking.
Keep talking.
Keep talking.
Oh, good, I can hear you.
Good.
That's very good.
Keep immobulating.
And don't always, remember, forget the little old doctor in the All Quiet on the Western Front story?
I don't remember that one.
Well, he urged his child to all become war heroes for the fatherland, you know?
Uh-huh.
Which I guess is a place somewhere near, uh...
Hunks upon your centerline.
Who's just being a good father?
Yeah, a good father like, spelled like Fuhrer.
Yeah.
March through your doom, kiddies.
You know, he'd give him a big fat lollipop and a spoon to string on while he was marching him off to wars.
Boy, it's a good thing that would never happen nowadays in our modern country.
Everybody's so smart now.
They would never be suckered in by a bunch of big mouth politicians.
Right.
Like waving flags and holy books.
Yeah.
With holes in them.
That's, this, we've really evolved very far.
I mean, I haven't waved a Bible in a while now.
At least, a few weeks or something like that, I've not waved one single Bible.
I've got about 40 versions of it on the wall behind me.
It used to be my father's bookcase, and I kept most of his books because he had all these Bibles.
And, uh...
An equal number of books about how the real history of the Bible and how it came to be written and what it is, which is a book.
And I think we know where books come from, because...
They come from numerous a-holes.
Yeah.
Yeah, we know how to do that.
We've done that ourselves.
We've made books.
We've even made holy books with holes in them.
Yeah, big fat ones.
Especially in the logical part.
Yeah.
But that's all good.
That's all good, because now we can start.
Oh, you were everybody who's hatin' on the same thing I'm hatin' on these days.
I have a new all-encompassing hate.
It's a...
It's a...
It's a...
It's a specific part of the conspiracy that I like to call chronic, horrible, debilitating diseases.
Because lately, they've been giving a whole lot of my friends a lot of trouble and death.
I've heard of so many new diseases recently, even advertised on television and the radio, which are, you know...
Oh, the hell they tell.
They have their...
They'll give you a good...
They'll give you a good deal on new diseases now.
New and improved.
Yeah.
New antibiotic antibiotics that kill existing antibiotics.
I couldn't believe the tone of it.
There was a kid running with a balloon, and like, kind of not older, but middle-aged woman
riding a bicycle with a big smile on her face.
I guess it's supposed to make me happy that I don't have zynocanthus solia, or metapartus
mergulia, or any of the other diseases described in the doctor's...
Well, you know what's really horrible?
Is that's not a bunch of hooey.
And they aren't new diseases.
They've just been better identified as such.
How successful is it, Dave?
It's probably cheaper.
It's cheaper.
And it generally works because they still go by the red lantern theory.
Uh-huh.
If you don't heal somebody, you're going to have to hang a red lantern on the other side
of your window.
Meaning don't go there.
You get too many red lanterns, you get kind of a reputation for being a killer.
You know what I mean?
Are you talking about modern China?
Yeah, I was going to say...
No, modern China, I will talk about Mao, who sent his many, many minions out into the countryside.
To try to stamp out this superstitious Chinese medicine.
And there are enough centenarians to convince him that maybe there's something in ancient Chinese medicine.
And so he let it thrive and flourish along with Western medicine, which was the one that everybody takes.
Well, why not both?
Well, that's kind of what Mao proposed.
But you wouldn't want to say you're a communist by agreeing with Mao.
Well, that's all getting pretty confused.
Yeah.
Because these days, it's like half of the Americans are on the side of the communist Russians.
And more Koreans, just because, you know, the God-King-Emperor is buddies with them.
So therefore, you know, all is forgotten.
That man is so silly, he makes me want to cry sometimes.
But back to these diseases.
That's a disease, you know, but that's a chronic debilitating disease.
He's crying over...
Political leaders?
No.
The present administration is a chronic debilitating disease.
A blight.
A cancer upon democracy, as they say.
But this is a comedy show, so none of that stuff's real.
So that's just all part of the show.
And it was just all part of the show 20 years ago.
That was a joke.
That couldn't really happen.
Yeah, it's really weird how prophecy mimics reality.
What's that phrase?
What's that phrase again?
Truth becomes artistic.
Bob was right.
Bob prophesied the whole thing.
All of it.
He said, and I quote,
It's gonna be a bummer, man.
Bob said that back in the 50s.
Maybe the 60s, because they weren't saying bummer in the 50s.
Well, he could have been out of temporal space and time as usual again.
What do you make of that quote?
He hung around with beatniks.
Or rather, beatniks hung around...
All the Marines had that phrase for a long time.
Beatniks hung around with them.
Bob is more like it.
But so did billionaires.
Why not both?
We've always...
Well, we didn't always say that, but we do now,
because it seems to work for just about everything.
Why not chiggers and mosquitoes?
Right.
Why not lederhosen and skringer belts or cougar belts?
Yeah.
Why not crippling heat, then crippling rain?
Exactly.
Whether a drought so hot that if you step outside,
you just instantly burst into flames.
Without...
Without a space suit, practically.
And then if not that, then it has to then otherwise be floods and mud that makes it impossible
to clean anything ever.
So why not both?
Can't we have both at the same time?
Let the devil beat his wife so it's hot, but it's raining.
For a clear blue sky.

Maybe raining frogs and little harmless snakes.
I've seen frog rains.
I didn't want to diminish what you were just saying.
Did you really?
It's very true.
There's no...
I think out of 30 days of...
30 days in a month, 29 days are bad weather,
and there's only one day that, you know,
it's 75 degrees with a low of 69.
We finally had that day today.
It was drizzling a lot.
The dogs and I still went out of...
I thought it burst into flames again down there near Dallas.
No, no, we're having a rainstorm.
There's actually flooding in the other areas in North Texas,
not where we are,
because this place is under an Indian curse.
It keeps the rain away most of the time.
But we had four inches just in the last couple of days.
You sure you weren't just talking about your molasses dipper there
when you said we had four inches?
Why not both?
Yeah, I mean, sure.
Sure, that's about it.
Yeah.
Four, yeah, that's about the best I can do at my age.
Of course, I can't find half of it.
It's rolled under a couch or something.
Well, then that means you're a potential eight,
just like our glorious leader.
What's his name, Fritzie?
Mushroom President Shroompecker.
Yeah, President Shroompecker.
But that's another artist's quote that we won't...
We don't want to...
No, that phrase...
...haven't done anything.
Three days ago,
when I got up in the morning,
or whenever it was,
and I looked at the news on my phone,
and the first thing I saw was
the comparison of the president's equipment
to a character from the game Mario Kart.
And I know exactly what little mushroom head...
He's a little mushroom guy.
And I thought, okay, that's the...
She said it wasn't freakishly small.
But it was freakish
because of that mushroom-y kind of...
Yeah.
You know, bulbous, overly gross thing.
And the first thing I thought was Shroompecker.
I would find that very physically satisfying,
that type of bulbous, grotesque thing there.
Well, he thought so.
Or a resource-based...
He thought so.
She found it to be about as uninspired as she'd ever had,
and she'd had plenty.
Yeah, but she's a beatnik, too.
And besides, she had her foreskin removed,
and she transformed herself into a lady's woman.
Yeah, mangroves.
Yeah, she's not really my type.
It's not your cup of meat, as the old...
No, no.
In fact, kind of the opposite.
I go for this sort of photorealism in my robot.
And then you Photoshop the photorealism
of your backwards mentality.
Yeah, I add pimples and the odd hair,
a little bit of cellulite.
Balloons and that stuff.
I have a cellulite.
And that's it.


I have a cellulite filter
to add cellulite when there's not enough.
Yellow tints.
In my uber porn.
You know, I turned 65,
so I can get the porn plus now.
Super porn.
Yeah, but the problem is 65 what?
You turned 65 what?
65 X days.
It all turned out to be drills.
Just a drilling for oil and nary a gusher.
Just occasional dribble.
If you keep looking long enough,
you're bound to hit pay dirt someday.
Or maybe you just...
That's the idea.
That's the idea.
We'll just keep drilling until the year 8661
or whatever it is.
Who knows?
There's obnoxious children everywhere.
That should give them pause.
Or at least some dangling kind of feet or something
they can wear when they're out in the universe all alone.
From NPR News in Washington,
I'm linked to heart-wrenching charges.
Facebook is spreading misinformation.
Information.
In, um, food, uh, water, uh, uh, tin.
The Dow is 325-323-5818.
President Donald Trump will wrench Korean families
who were forced to say this is PR news
from Friday to Sunday.
Aren't you curious about Caffeina's, uh,
cogent cuisine when you smell it?
I sure am.
What is on the menu today, do you know?
It's, uh, bean burgers, whatever they are,
and, uh,
slaw.
Delicious cold slaw.
Slaw?
Yeah, doesn't slaw sound good?
Is it cold slaw?
Well, it's coal slaw, like old King Coal Slaw.
But, uh, there are other things also.
Anyway, the cooking smells.
You know anything about the temperature of the coal slaw?
Is it hot coal slaw or is it cold coal slaw?
I imagine it is cool to offset the piping hotness
of the burgers as they sizzle when delivered.
I forgot about that.
If you indulge in a greasy, delightful meal,
do not then run over and handle all the swag
on the swag table.
We must maintain high standards here at X Day 21.
These things, when unbought,
will go back into the box for future iterations.
Reverend Lord Angry Larry,
did you get a bean burger and a...
Yeah, come and sit in on this colloquium.
Thank you.
The College Radio will never be the same
after these particular...
What on earth?
It sounded like a direct hit.
Oh, there we go.
There you are.
Now you're coming in...
Oh, don't worry about it, mister.
Yeah, no, no, no, it's fine.
Yes, sir.
I'm getting your concoction around here.
I, uh, I said concoct.
Shun.
Yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck.
Don't shun the cock.
No.
Obey.
Maybe he'll concoct.
at the sloppy joe is that what they're serving they they should call it yes sloppy seconds joe
well it contains beans as an adjunct to the uh burger that's inside the burger was good too
man you're making me feel like ordering one uh and uh then there i'm sure there was a side order
of fries or the fries are good too did you go for the slaw yes i did so how was that slaw the
was actually very good oh man i gotta get some slaw you're gonna have to and there was some
extra donuts from last night that uh extra donuts yeah man there's nothing caffeine doesn't have
hey those were just regular donuts weren't they i didn't have any were they air puffed inflated
no i i i'm gonna be driving in a little bit i don't need uh oh they don't need them to be
special donuts no they're probably regular donuts and the sugar will cause you to pass out from
hypoglycemia well yeah
carl run off the road so if only they'd had healthful marijuana inside now the temperature
outside right now is about 150 degrees of frizzling 150 degrees here at uh cofinas where
we pant in the shade like an exhausted hound hi suzy there suzy is in the audience
what a flash of inspiration she gives us is the southern bell
she's showing us her ding dong
you have your discordia and i have my discordia my discordia is driven by the urge to see
maximized human potential i don't expect or want perfection but i do think we can do better than
kitty gulags casual racism that isn't so casual anymore and an abandoned space
program humans were meant to do grotesque things and we've settled for the banal i think that has
to change and that's why i am a discordia this dissatisfaction with humans that are content to
be humans isn't irritant to most people i run into that's okay your approval is not my concern
what is my concern is that things should be better
faster sexier more over the top widescreen and loud as hell i am a fun house mirror you look at me
you see yourself only far more manic more into it and maybe with a beard that you haven't got
my beard is strictly there to protect you the citizens from my dangerous levels of wopple
you should take a moment to think it it's all that stands between you and me
you and death by sexy it's also worth mentioning that your reflection is doing the safety dance
while you yourself are standing here with a briefcase and a latte wondering how you're
going to finish your insane workload before deadline be the deadline be what john q public
lives in dread of finish that with a preposition dare me to drive be the vague formless terror in
the break room
humans really can't function without that and there isn't enough to go around without your help
I am mighty but even I can't do it alone I am a a day test I am a mad scientist I'm laughing
maniacally while the world saves me the trouble by destroying itself I'm going to go on record
though as saying my apocalypse is way cooler than this
this one. You are pensively waiting to be drowned by the rising ocean. My apocalypse has really
fucking big giant squid coming in with the remorselessly advancing tide. Your apocalypse
has financial collapse. Mine has armies of radioactive gorillas. Your apocalypse is the
banal failure of the machine. Mine is a big goddamn neon sign saying these systems are failing.
Pick your poison. Ignominious extinction or fighting Nessies in the sewers. Stop that shit.
Put that briefcase down. Explain yourself. How in this day and age are you not on fire?
Why are you not on fire? Why are you not on fire? Why are you not on fire? Why are you not on fire?
Throwing your hands in the air and howling. The world is your Pripyat amusement park.
Get on the fucking ride or kill me right in the face. I mean, seriously, just look at you people.
And that was nano brand by the good Reverend Roger,
not by the devils.

by me. And now this.
Keeps opening your old smile,
Bang and smile, folks are on a hill.
Impersonate a wounded grasshopper.
What the f***?
Sparkplug, quit messing up my cards.
See, you ruined the timing.
Broadcasting live on Freethink Radio from Hypercube HQ
in the future capital of the former Spanish Empire,
Orlando, Florida, this is time for the show.
The show where we get together every week to figure out
what to do on next week's show.
I'm Reverend Fid Schooley of the Church of the Broken Carp
Antenna with me right here in the Hypercube
is Mr. Hypercube himself, Dr. Engineer, Dr. Fox.
That's me.
Yep, literally.
And does somebody have a quarter?
I need to flip it to decide whether or not Pease is back
from his pre-show smoke.
Reverend Pease, if you're out there, sound off, big boy.
What do you think? Do you think he came back or not?
I'm asking you.
I don't know.
Well, would you come back soon?
I have not seen Pease. I have not seen Pease all night.
I haven't talked to Pease. I missed the Pease.
And I know everybody else did.
So get his ass back here when you can.
Do they?
And we'll get on with this thing.
Yeah, that'll show them.
That'll show them.
Yeah, bunch of cheese wagons.
It's going to be a rough one today.
I don't feel so good, guys.
Oh.
I was going to tell you when I did.
I thought it was going to be a good show.
Julie's got the sickies.
Somebody's got the sickie ickies.
Oh, no.
I kind of do, guys.
It's going to be good later.
We got blind eyes and viewer males, and we're going to play
Is It a Band and all that stuff.
We're going to play Is It a Band.
If I make it.
Did you hit show?
To there.
Because, guys, I got to tell you.
Fresh hot show for you tonight.
I don't feel real good.
First of all, I got, I went to the Wawa.
To the Wawa's.
And I got a, well, it's a pulled pork omelet rito.
And it's not being real nice to me right now, you guys.
Is that where they just take the pulled pork and wrap it in the eggs?
Like an egg burrito?
It is.
They take the egg disk and they put that on top of a burrito.
And then they throw a bunch of pulled pork and some salsa in there and roll it up.
And it's not like I ordered this custom.
I stepped up to that little screen.
And this was the only selection under breakfast burritos.
And I'm like, well, that sounds pretty gross.
But if it's up here on the screen, it's got to be like kid tested, mother approved.
Right?
So I proceed to order it.
Because before they used to do egg sandwiches, you could get a cinnamon raisin bagel.
And I always ordered that.
And every time I did it, the cashier would look at me and be like, oh, you made a mistake.
You got the cinnamon raisin bagel with your order.
And I'm like, oh, you made a mistake.
You got the cinnamon raisin bagel with your egg sandwich.
And I'm all like, yeah, that's what I wanted.
And they go, oh, you're one of those people.
So I figured if it's on the screen, maybe it's not always legit.
But I got this thing.
And I.
It's important to note, though, Fidd, that you don't like food in general.
You find the whole concept of food disturbing.
I think that you should tell the listening audience that so they can put your dilemma in your perspective.
That's true.
I mean, I've said it before.
But I'm not.
But I have basically a business relationship with food.
You need it.
You got to have it.
I literally have to eat it.
But you don't care for it.
Interpret that any way you will.
But no, I don't take joy in it.
It's basically I try to get like I try to have the least negative experience possible.
That's how I choose the food that I eat.
And we can get into that.
Raisin bagel with egg sandwich.
Exactly.
Yeah, exactly.
It puts it.
It puts it in a better light.
Well, the way the way that I assemble my food is I just pick random ingredients that I like.
And if I like all of the ingredients individually, well, then if I put them together, it's it's got to be good.
Right.
But no, this this pulled pork omelet Rito from the Wawa's is really I feel like I ate like they pulled the Titanic's anchor out of the Atlantic.
And then I ate it.
And and then so what did I do to remedy the situation to remedy my double down?
Got another one.
I I smoked some frop.
I smoke a bunch of frop.
Good.
Now I'm too frapped, man.
And like and now we got to do the show.
It's live, man.
So it's going out.
And I like, dude, dude, I'm freaking out a little bit.
He's talking me down, bro.
I don't know.
I think it is too much, bro.
I think.
I mean.
I don't know.
Buying a pulled pork breakfast sandwich Rito from a Wawa's is the equivalent of getting sushi from a Texaco.
Finn can maintain with a small keg like a pony keg.
He could just sip on one of those all day and he would he could walk a straight line for a mile.
But if I have two beers, I'm ready for sleepy town like I am done.
I'm not interested in f***ing.
I'm finishing the drink.
I'm over anything about it.
But I can eat the Chipotle chorizo pulled pork egg.
Rito.
Perfect.
I can do that.
I'm able to do that.
I'm able to consume the burrito and all the other terrible garbage that I eat all the time because it tastes good and it makes me happy.
Yeah.
Right.
Radio break.
Call sign.
Fid interrogative engineer.
Would you please display the board on the monitor that I can see?
Thank you.
Thank you in advance.
Yes.
I just like looking at my levels when I talk, you know, I know it's a little narcissistic.
Is it?
Is it narcissistic for me to like to look at my my my level bar?
Well, what is narcissism?
I mean, is it?
Is it just appreciating yourself a little bit?
Come on now.
Well, not me, but maybe like my self-satisfaction.
Who?
Who here would know anything about narcissism?
Peas.
He's what is narcissism?
He probably knows.
I think.
Well, I'm not the person to ask.
I'm so humble and handsome and modest.
Right.
Exactly.
These are all the traits that you want in a Peas.
But, you know, I guess narcissism.
I could look at.
I could look at other, you know, radio hose or maybe, you know, I got a couple of those
up in the quick.
The radio is on fire out in the old radio.
That's a dishwasher.
Yeah.
Well, I grinding hall.
I can vouch for that.
Peas is very handsome.
Actually, I will go so far as to say this live on the radio.
And if that isn't enough.
Let me add to that by saying that Peas is just so gosh, damn handsome.
I'm not a gay man, but I would let you wear one finger.
No, not if I would.
You're handsome enough.
I would let you put one finger in my butt.
Nothing.
Nothing weird or anything.
But like, but one.
I give you one.
And that's it.
Nothing.
Wish, if you will.
Yeah.
It's like snapping the wishbone.
At Thanksgiving, you only get one, you know, at least a year.
I break pieces finger off in my b-hole in whichever one of us gets the middle knuckle can make
a wish.
That's how that works.
See you Thanksgiving.
Peace.
It's going to be great.
So I'm comfortable with where we're going.
We're going to have a wishing booth.
Julie's sterile wishing booth.
Dark, dark hut.
It's sterile.
It's okay.
We're going to have our special uit of at-at.
Where are we going?
South DAR THA accent?

I just shapeshift.
Oh, I lost previous
quite possibly be the world's greatest event ever. And we're going to do it here in Orlando,
Florida, September 15th.
Okay, so what was it again? You have the what? Imposter syndrome. Imposter syndrome. Dr.
Brujaha here today with Animal Overlord. You say that you have experienced imposter syndrome.
Overlord Animal, that is correct. Well, how is that? Dr. Brujaha, in what way do you feel
imposter?
Like you're an imposter.
Because I didn't go to school to learn the things that I know.
So I'm wondering if this is something that many people in the Church of the Subgenius
experience at one point in time or another, because the con-infested guilt that we have
somehow managed to absorb being near the pink so much, might it be that this imposter syndrome
is really what we should be considering an absolute blessing?
Because no, we didn't earn it. But we got it. And that's what we should celebrate, I'm
pretty sure, right?
That's a good one.
Yeah, because I'm pretty, I'm okay with like, yeah, I caught myself feeling that the other
day. And then I told my brain, shut up, brain. That's ridiculous. Of course, you're supposed
to be here. You know, sitting next to the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the,
the queen and, and receiving all of these chocolates that were handmade by all these
people. You know, whatever it was, I can't remember exactly the scenario, but I imagine
it was something, or maybe I was like, you know, folding napkins in a classroom with
like, you know, Jimmy Buffett and the ex-President Obama. I don't know. Maybe, maybe, maybe
something like that.
You definitely deserve whatever free appetizer they were going to give you.
Whatever, whatever happens to keep you.
It's going to come my way. Unless it's, unless it's bad, I deserve it.
Right. Except, except for the, you know, sometimes the stark fist of removal does come, whether
or not any of these things are deserved. That's, I think, the point of the, the doctrines is
to realize that it's irrelevant, which is part of the charm of it. There's no, there's
no shame in being gifted things.
Right.
Or accepting these wonderful gifts. And there's no blame when the gifts are then taken away.
Right. No shame, no blame. Because it's not our fault. It just happens.
It's true.
It just happens.
Well.
I mean.
Sometimes you can put on a mask and a costume and you can like make it happen better.
Oh, yeah. You can totally always make it. I mean, if you need the mask.
Especially with a mask.
If you need the mask and the costume.
Yeah, definitely.
Yeah.
I'd never thought.
I'd never thought that it would be necessary to dress up. I thought I was just doing that
because clothes are socially acceptable. Whether or not they're the same, the social normative
clothes. But, but they sure like that. I get more imposter syndrome when I get things wearing
clothes than when I don't wear clothes and I go out into public.
Right.
I definitely feel like I don't belong for a reason if I'm trying to.
Get things done while not wearing clothes.
That's very insightful.
Depends on what I'm doing. In public. In private, if I'm not wearing clothes, I get things for
a reason. Different topic altogether.
All of the reasons and more.
All the reasons for. Yeah. So, yeah. But as far as imposter syndrome, do you think you're
going to be able to learn to live with it?
I can try. I can certainly try. Or I can not try.
There you go.
And just see what happens.
Yeah. That's, that's more like it. That's more like it. High five. Awesome.
So, yeah. I deserve it regardless of whether or not I earned it.
That is true.
Because I'm receiving it in the now and I'm thankful for it.
There you go.
So, there you go.
And you deserve it even if you didn't want it. So, like, if it gets taken, if something
gets yanked away.
Yeah. I mean, sure, I'll take the small circus of baby pygmy elephants. That sounds so much
fun. Oh, wait. You mean you just wanted to store them here for the weekend and now you're
taking them back? Fine. I guess. I mean, we had a good time while it lasted.
Yeah. Did you though? Because in pygmy elephants, that's still poops that you got to clean.
Well, that's the, that was actually the benefit was all that beautiful elephant dung.
Fertilizer for the garden, yeah.
Dung, yeah.
Oh, my gosh.
It's just amazing.
Amazing.
Yeah.
Fragrant.
And, you know, I love the...
Piles of it.
Have you seen those, the postcards that they, or the greeting cards that are made out of
elephant dung?
No, but my friend plastered her house in Thailand with elephant dung.
I think it's, I love that poop. That crap, that shine.
She said, she said it was, it, it came when it dried. It was like a mauve color too.
Right?
Yeah. It was like mixed with clay, but yeah.
What were they eating?
Right?
And also flowers.
Flowers.
Flowers.
But, yeah.
Balloo.
Dirt.
Baby pygmy elephants, though. They're like the size of a dog. They're cute.
I don't think that's, I just...
A whole circus of them.
It was like six.
It was fine.
What's the difference in like the, I was going to say the plasticine era and the Neolithic period, but I meant what's the difference?
Well, one, one was the invention of plastic and the other one was the invention of neon.
Oh, geez. All this time I thought it had to do with wheels and overshoes and all kinds of rectal, you know, poison and stuff like that.
Man, it's amazing what I can do.
That's a Devonian.
Yeah.
Are we not men?
Right. We're, we are Devonians.
Yeah.
At least part of the time.
Now it can be told.
I used to have the little red book and I threw it at an old woman one time.
Oh, that's a shame.
I have, I have...
Mother's spa's little red book.
But it doesn't have the burn marks from when you stuffed it in the old lady's eyeball.
No, no, I didn't ever did anything like that.
No, you're not such an upstanding young gen.
Where is that book?
My daughter, who's 53 years old and has bad teeth.
You don't have a daughter.
No, I don't. I do have a son, though.
Yeah.
And I have a physical...
Yeah, and your grandkids are older.
Some of them are older than you, right?
Right. That's what I like about it.
They grow so fast.
How could you give birth to somebody who's older than you are?
But just think of it, that's the way God...
Not God.
That's the way nature planned it.
Or Napster. I don't know.
Well, I don't think that kind of thing is planned.
I think it just, you know, in some freakish families that happens.
You don't? You just think it's a freakish family?
Yeah.
Like, for instance, the Lonesome...
Lonesome clan.
Grandpa and Grandma Lonesome.
There was a reason they had that name.
Oh, she got thrown out of mission school, Grandma Lonesome.
She was quite a troublemaker.
A tumbler, they call them in Yiddish.
People who wouldn't shut up, you know?
And so, after 10 years after, I realized she was my actual full-blooded, bullhorn native grandma.
That's when we had to come to terms with everything.
And I think it was a power.
Well, in 1983, we got married.
But it was absolutely, you know, a sex...
A loveless relationship, I guess you'd call it.
Because all she wanted me to do was take out the garbage.
And I said, look, lady, I'm not going to continue just to do your bidding just because, you know...
You remember what I was saying.
Because she was your grandma, man.
You're supposed to take out the garbage for her.
You told me that she had a wooden eye.
Well, yeah, of course. Don't they all?
No.
No?
My grandma's all had just regular...
You said she had a wooden finger and a wooden eye.
Right.
She had the badge that was both the police mark.
She was a valiant, or whatever they call them.
A forbisher, or a freebooter, or something like that.
It's like a special tag you get to wear once you pass a test.
And she had a wooden eye, and a wooden finger, and a wooden...
Tongue, sometimes, when she'd snap, when she'd get snappy.
Snapping grandma.
Snappy granny.
Yeah.
Our generation grew up really sheltered compared to them.
Those depression grandmas and grandpas, they could wring a chicken's neck and not even think twice about it.
Then wipe their fanny with it.
They'd be talking at the same time, like, that they were snapping a chicken's wringly.
Like it was nothing.
Like they were...
You know, cracking an egg.
Right.
And they could crack an egg without using their hands.
Yeah.
They were tough back in them days.
Back before the invention of tools.
Yeah.
Or walking upright.
Especially a lot of them still had a slither on their bellies like snakes.
At least she didn't tell me that one time.
I believed it anyway.
But I guess they're not...
Snakes aren't really reptiles.
They have their own classifications.
Are they?
No, snakes are reptiles.
They are reptiles?
Snakes are deaf.
Yes, they're reptiles.
Are birds reptiles?
No.
Because they're ancient ancestors?
No.
No.
They're more like dinosaurs, but they're really birds.
I've heard of the term called avial, which meaning they're bird-like or something.
Yes.
The avian...
What is it?
Family?
The avian family.
It's like the lonesome family and the stang family and the avian.
Oh.
Speaking of grandma lonesome...
There's kingdoms and there's families and genuses and subgenuses and species and subspecies.
The subspecies are hot looking.
Yeah, they are.
I remember that.
But I can't trust...
Subspecies.
I got so darn sexy one time thinking about...
Well, there were actually three subspecies that I was viciously warning my friends about
because they were going to get me in trouble.
You know, if I'd straighten up and start thinking right.
You know, they'd say,
Hey, you're abnormal.
There's something wrong with your brain.
You know?
But no, I don't understand.
What were the three subspecies?
Of what?
Of people?
Of the...
Mushrooms?
Well, of course of mushrooms.
Let's start with mushrooms.
The edible ones have a kind of a grayish brown under...
Gilch.
Underneath the cap.
The ones that look like our leaders, proboscis, are poisonous.
Just like all the ones that have that reddish purple thing.
Don't eat reddish purple mushrooms, people who have, you know,
live near forests or mushroom grow.
Because they can...
But the psychedelic ones are always purple.
I don't trust you, Dr. Dave.
Well, you don't have to.
I'm going to get a second opinion.
It's a comedy show.
And who knows what could be the stick in this?
Probably nothing.
I'm not going to eat any mushroom I find on the ground because I'm no expert.
I didn't take any of those courses at Starwood that my friend teaches.
These are more like old certain nationality.
Ethnic men's rumors of how to tell if something was good.
You throw a copper penny in the pan.
If it turns blue, it's okay.
Or it doesn't turn blue.
It's okay.
And they weren't around to realize that pennies don't have copper in them anymore.
Many of them perish from their silliness.
Just try to make a good bowl of spaghetti.
Oh, next thing you're going to tell me that dimes and quarters don't really have silver in them.
And silver dollars are made of tin.
Well, they are.
Silver dollars are made of tin.
In fact, it's not even...
It's a hypoglycemic form of...
What's the word for douchebag?
Oh, geez, I can't.
Trump.
Hypoglycemic or hyperglycemic?
Both of them.
I've had both.
It's bad to not have enough or too many of them.
Yeah, I've had both at the same time.
That's the worst.
What, having three glycems?
You can't...
Having not enough will kill you and having too much will kill you, but you have to do both.
You feel like you're dying all the time.
Yeah.

So I don't ever want to end up like that again.
That's why my diet is so restricted now.
Well, ask good old Dr. V. Gates, the former World War II barbecue technician.
You can't keep that kind of stuff in your pants.
Much less your belly.
I mean, much less your belly.
It's easier to keep in your pants than in your belly.
Kill you in your belly.
Of course not.
In your pants.
Well, some people...
Some people actually do that for fun, believe it or not.
In many lands, I mean, a rabbit is called a heron.
Isn't that the...
It comes out of our noses.
What's that supposed to be called?
A rabbit?
You know?
What are those called?
Well, currently at the University of Fribegia in southern Minnesota...
In my nose, it's almost like they have an independent life.
It's almost like they're some kind of parasite that lives there and actually dodges the scissors when I go after them.
Oh, yeah.
I have to Photoshop all my selfies because of them.
Whenever they know I'm pointing a camera at myself, they jump out of the end of my nostrils and pose for the camera.
Do they stay in position there or do they do their business on you?
No, no.
They just stick out until the picture's over and taken.
Then they go back to...
They're always visible.
The problem is people think they're boogers, right?
But I don't think they are.
Boogers don't have little tiny eyes and mouths, do they?
And fangs.
Right.
I mean, they're really tiny.
They're more like the size of maggots.
Like the maggots that live in your nose, you know, if you don't really wash out enough.
But they're not maggots because they're anchored in one place.
Right.
They're...
Yeah, they're too many.
I should look at one of them under my stereo microscope.
Actually, why have I not done that?
I guess I was scared.
But why give them the dignity or the overabundance of your magnitude?
Well, if they're not...
By looking at them that way, why don't you just look at them with your naked eye and your naked body?
Just lay there asleep one night without any clothes on and stare at them.
I know...
But they're in my nose.
I can't look at them in my nose.
Right, I know it's difficult.
I can use a mirror.
Well, wasn't it you said you can't look at your own eye?
You can look at your own nose, toes, fur, hair.
Actually, I worked out...
This was for X-Day if I was a sadist.
If I was into X-Day for the revenge, which I'm not really.
I'm in it for the conservation.
Three sex.
No, well, duh.
But also the conservation.
I want to hoard a lot of stuff.
I'll finally be able to.
Anyway, the...
What was I going to say?
Oh, yeah, the vengeance.
If I was going to be vengeful, I would let my nose worms loose on somebody.
Well, you make that sound like it's such a small deal.
If you were of the mind, you would lose...
You would lose...

Listen, your nose whistles.
I mean, your nose...
That wasn't what I was going to say.
I could...
It was good, but...
I thought it was...
I thought it was beautiful.
What I meant to say, friends, was that on X-Day, to really get somebody, I guess, I could surgically remove, let's say, the right...
The right eye of a living, conscious person, but not all the way.
I'd leave the optic nerve attached, if stretched, but I would gradually and very carefully rotate and shift that right eyeball until it was pointed directly at the left eye, thus allowing the still conscious volunteer to...
To...



See his own eye.
To look at his own eye.
These are the kinds of things I've thought of to do on X-Day, but from which I will refrain.
Because I like to think I'll be too busy saving things.
And for that reason, among others, I'm almost glad that X-Day didn't happen in the conspiracy 1998.
Because I wasn't old and wise enough to fully appreciate that preservation is even more slackful than vengeful destruction.
As orgasmic as vengeful destruction may be.
Anyway, that's what I meant to say before I totally and utterly spaced out.
And now, on with the show.
Hour of Slack number 1690.
93.
You know, I should do what that tire, that mower tire repairman told me.
He said, whatever you've been on, you should stay off of it.
Whatever you've been on, you should stay off it.
He was talking about the fact that I repeatedly somehow punctured my mower tires.
And had to have the same one repaired twice.
But...
But...

But when he said that to me, whatever you've been on, you should stay off it.
Right.
I thought, my first thought was, how did he know?
Right.
He knows.
He knows.
How did he know?
Well...
He knows about my nose.
He knows about my nose.
He must have had nose worms and stuff.
Yeah.
From NPR News in Washington, I'm allowing PR's reports to proceed as soon as Pakistan's Grim Crickets zoom from Washington.
More than two million Muslim faithful promised to combat.
Pakistan's endemic PR news in Washington.
Speaking of chronic debilitating diseases, I just had to straighten my spine up.
It keeps wanting to shrivel up, basically.
And grow growths on it.
Fossilize in between all the, what used to be smooth discs.
Lubricated organic discs between all my bones back there.
But I think they've kind of turned more like into wood.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I think I always should like to fold this career orgasm.
Right now.
And go and sit down somewhere else where I can stretch my foot out, which is starting to make noises.
You know, I just got Tarzan's radio station back from Ohio.
This is the first show we've been able to do that had background music or you.
I've had to send out reruns or piece together things from the meager X-Day recordings.
So...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But now we're back.
We're back.
We don't have Princess Wee, but we have another dog.
My new wife, Claudia the Pit Bull.
Who has dutifully slept through this whole two-hour show.
She's cranny.
Well, I think I'm going to go because it is midnight here then, I guess.
It would be, according to my time control, it would be 11.15.
11.15.
Where I am?
Where you are.
Yeah.
Oh.
Have you ever had a watch or like a sundial?
I was going to just reach down and look at my phone, but my hand is not nearly large
enough to reach down there.
See, I keep a handcuff on.
Watches are obsolete now.
You know that, don't you?
No, no.
It's my security handcuff.
I'm handcuffed to time.
Locked to time that way.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.













I'm locking my phone, but actually, Dave, my phone is huge and I have to put in a special
code every time I want to use it to see what time it is.
And I'm very used to looking at my old-fashioned wind-up little clock on my wrist.
And I usually know what time it is without a watch to within about 10 or 15 minutes because
of time control.
And I'm in emergent tile.
And these are tricks I learned in the Church of the Subgenius.
I can also be free of time even while wearing this handcuff because I can do both.
I hear a strange...
I'm sure you're the lucky one.
I think the aliens are trying to ride on the broadcast.
I hear a faint static that's the kind that could carry a pattern, a signal.
Hmm.
For all we know, it could be encoded.
It could be a recorded video or the formula for a weapon that will destroy the world.
But friends, the only way to know whether that's ever even happened for real, for sure,
is by joining the Church of the Subgenius.
And you can find all the details you want about that or buying the book Neighbor World
by lonesome cowboy Dave P. DeLuca.
The P stands for P.
And no relation to Reverend P's.
And the way to do that is to go to subgenius.com.
You can also just Google Neighbor World or Lonesome Cowboy Dave, I suppose, and GoFundMe.
Why don't you just give Dave free money?
I wrote a whole rant about how I'm a victim and I need people to give me free money and
fix me a sandwich.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.



Yeah.
I have been writing rants, but they're usually not about churchly things.
They're usually about common, everyday-type things.
Well, who could care less about subgenius things?
Well, why not both?
You know, that's what I think.
Oh, once again, why not both?
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
That's almost always true.
Pain or pleasure, why not both?
Ice cream or hot peppers?
Why not both?
You know, Lonesome Cowboy Dave or popular cowgirl Daveena?
Why not both?
Yeah, that's the way I feel.
I find them daily.
I just look at them for a while and wish I was 12 again.
Okay, Dave.
Well, we need to go.
That's subgenius.com.
That was what I was trying to get to.
That's what you were trying to say.
I was trying to spit that out.
Subgenius.com.
And there's no O in subgenius.
Subgenius.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you, Dave, for calling in.
Thank you, Stang, for being a polished idiot.
I keep my old knob polished.
I do.
I try to.
I know you do.
Keep it polished.
I find it.
Finding it is the hard part.
Well.
As it were, so to speak.
I wish.
Okay.
You have a good one.
Okay, Mushroom Man.
Okay.
Okay.
Shroomhead.
Hey, is Dave gone?
Oh, my gosh.
It's just me.
My background music from Quest for Fire is gone.
And I guess I should go.
Friends, I'm going to throw in.
No, I'm not.
I'm going to say thank you and praise Bob.
Good night.
Now I can throw in the fact that the subgenius membership is 35 bucks.
We really should raise it to 45.
It's been 35 since 1994, I think.
That's ridiculous.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
And we need more.
We need more subgeniuses.
And more little subgenius yeti half-breeds.
Babies that can replace us old-timers as we slowly shrivel up.
Or quickly shrivel up, as the case may be.
So, let us be glad that there's somebody in the subgenius land still having kids.
I don't blame people for not.
But.
We got to get new $35 members from somewhere.
And we've used up the baby boomers.
I think we've hit every single one of them up.
And they're either on the saucers or they're off the saucers.
And, of course, 99.999% are off the saucers.
Praise Bob.
If it was for everybody, it wouldn't be for us.
Know what I'm saying?
Know what you're saying?
So.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
