And welcome, dear friends, to the Hour of Slack!
Praise Bob!
For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control all that you see and hear.
Turn on the machine.
This is Radio Yerevan.
Wake up, puppet boy!
We are conscious of our responsibility and obligation to provide programs which will be enjoyable, entertaining, and tasteful.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius Hour of Slack!
Where are we, Bob?
The code is broken.
Trouble?
Big.
Security?
I have the lid on tight.
Well, take it off for me.
The message is...
Mars needs women.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
We record so much stuff at the X-Day Drills that it lasts us like six months' worth of weekly hours of Slack.
Usually, we broadcast recordings roughly in chronological order, but this one's an exception.
A week after the world failed to end on X-Day,
it tried to at least reboot.
A week later, in the form of the Starwood Festival,
an all-purpose mind-blower started in 1980 by my neighbor Joe and our late friend Jeff Rosenbaum.
They hired me to make fun of them at the 1990 Starwood Festival
and brought me back ever since until I started delivering myself there
on account of having moved to Ohio to marry Princess Wee.
And I became part of the organization ACE,
the Association of Women and Women of the United States.
The Association of Consciousness Exploration.
Although Potter and Petal Nostril now fill the roles that Princess Wee and I once did,
the really hard and demanding work,
whereas Wee is a mere co-director now,
I'm as dedicated to the festival as ever,
and I take my annual Starwood sermon very seriously.
It's the yearly rant that I put the most thought and effort into,
because the subgeniuses of X-Day Drills are all hecklers and would ruin the recording,
whereas the pagans are polite and often strangely respectful.
So I've been holding back on saying certain things about our current governmental situation for months,
because I wanted to be able to say them strongly,
and when I'm addressing a whole bunch of real people right to their faces,
it's much harder for me to pink out, as we might say.


Talking to real people right in front of you makes you more honest.
It's the opposite of the internet in that respect.
And I saved up my gut rant for that stage at Starwood,
where I'd have no choice but to say it as I meant it.
Stuttering and all.
Testidilistiz.
Testinacistan.
Testington. Ah, there we go. Baron Testington is here.
Not to be confused with Baron Testiculoid.
Who sounds like this.
I used to sound that way before that operation.
Well, boy, howdy. I guess I'm gonna get us started here.
Recording. Everything going fine.
No trouble.
Except that I can never remember
what I'm supposed to do at these Starwood things.
I always end up having to read my own blurb
to see what the hell I promised everybody I was gonna do.
Oh, no.
This is terrible.
It says here...
Well, first off, the first word is Bob.
Price Bob!
I, I, I, I, I, I...
You always feel free to say Price Bob,
although, uh,
lately people have been saying Hail Bob.
And because my hearing aids aren't perfect,
I started hearing it as Jail Bob.
But, but really, first, if you think about it,
you first have to nail Bob.
After you finish hailing Bob,
you realize, oh,
maybe I shouldn't trust preachers and salesmen all the time.
Then you've nailed Bob.
Then you can jail Bob, but
if you're a good subgenius, then you bail Bob.
I learned all of that stuff in the comments on the,
some on the internet earlier today.
Okay, so it says here,
the title is Bob Needs Women.
Nasty women.
To, uh, to quote our president, in fact.
The Bob Needs Women part is a, a play on the,
a movie titled called Mars Needs Women.
But Bob needs specific kinds of women.
The, the nasty kind.
And by that I don't mean sexy, necessarily.
I mean troublesome.
These are challenging times for anyone who's not super rich or brain dead.
And even a few of those folks are starting to get nervous.
On the other hand, if you're both, you can be president.
Reverend Stang has some observations and suggestions about
maintaining one's sense of slack in a world that looks increasingly
like a sick cartoon, as the most ridiculous and sketchy of subgenius prophecies are being fulfilled.
As a side sermon, Stang will discuss the science of destructionism
and how it proves that all holy books of all religions are equally true.
And,
uh,
I think the, the big question for Bob Needs Women is,
what is it that Bob Needs Women is in the history of the church?
And,
uh,
I mean,
I don't know,




I think it's a,
I think it's a,
it's a,


it's a,
I'm not going to say that Bob Needs Women is the most ridiculous,



most creepy,

most disturbing,
most disturbing,
most disturbing,
Starwood. Like Starwood, it was incubating
since the 50s. When we first
started getting really, really pissed off.
When mom didn't bring our pacifier in time. This is a for real
documentary. This time it's really going to happen. They've already spent too much money for it not
to. But they, two women are directing it
and they said one thing we want to do is help, you know
let's face it, y'all's events look a bit too
sausage party still. And I
won't deny that, although we're doing better than Devo or Gwar.
It's probably
two out of three are guys. And they said they were going to try
to change that. And they wanted me to come up with some slogans right off
the bat. And Bob needs women, nasty women was it.
It was that simple. Now
some of you I recognize were here at the
Pufferdome. I talked for a little while at the Pufferdome.
And I promised that I would piss people off this time
and not necessarily be funny. Although I do have some
funny stuff in the same subject matter that other people wrote.
But first I have to give you a sad
punchline to a lovely story I told in the Pufferdome.
About
years ago I inherited my father's dog who was a farm dog and had never dealt with city
life. He's learning, he's adjusting. And especially he had never met anyone who kept
cats as pets. He always, the only cats he ever met were feral cats, varmints. Holy hated
cats. And during the week of X day he was forced to live in the bed and breakfast at
the top of the hill. And he could hear us
partying down here. Princess Wee had to stay with him then. And I spent most of
Starwood staying with him because he gets so anxious mainly because the cats.
He couldn't believe that people were feeding these things, petting them. Don't you understand their cats?
Well over a period of time and with some, a little bit of tough love, he got to where he, he seemed to
not just tolerate the cats but he wanted to make friends with them. The cats hadn't
gone that far yet. They're tough old cats. But he himself, this dog's name by the way,
is Dammit with an E. My dad named him. It wasn't a problem way out in the country. It's
a little different in the suburbs. Anyway, I was bragging to the people in the Puffer
Dome how Starwood was so magical and transformative that this ornery old, and I do mean old dog,
had become a kind of a cat lover. And it was such a marvelous little moral of the story
and way to end the rant and get out of there so I could go back to bed. Well, here's the
sad thing. Dammit was fooling us, or kidding himself perhaps, because just yesterday I
was taking him for a walk in the yard up there, and he came upon one of the cats unexpectedly.
It was in a box on the ground. I didn't see it.
His face was right next to the cat. He instantly grabbed it by the neck and tried to kill it
dead right then and there. Right after all that love talk and moaning and loving, tail
wagging, I was very fast and got him apart and whooped his butt. Thank God. My good luck
and the cats. The cat was not injured or I'd be staying at the Super 8 now.
I'd be staying at the Athens with that dog now. So in other words, my description of
Starwood transforming this beast into a higher being, fake news. On the other hand though,
now this was something else that I got from the newspaper that very morning and I told
everybody about it. It's short. It's a Chattanooga newspaper from Tennessee. It shows a Tennessee
license plate with the word Hail Satan on it.
Hail Satan license plates available in Tennessee. After, and this is a story, after Tennessee
legislators passed a bill to allow residents to get license plates that bear the phrase
in God we trust, in the interest of religious diversity, other plates were made available
that bear other religious phrases including Shalom, Namaste, Praise Jah, and Hail Satan.
Quote,
It's only fair, said
State Senator Brody Printrip, we should celebrate our diversity. Yes, we are deep in the Bible
belt, but the freedom of religion is a constitutionally protected right, said Printrip, holding up
a license plate with the phrase, there's no prob with Bob. Praise Bob. My son was the
first one to comment that,
Hey,
I noticed on the comments everybody believed that story. Well, I did too. I thought it
was real. Today I look closer and the Chattanooga bystander is sort of like the onion. I fell
for it and here's why, because I wanted to believe it. I really, it seemed really odd
for Tennessee to be a state that would do that, but I wanted to believe it, you know?
And that's,
somebody thought that I was saying this wrong
but I mean it
fake news is the news you most want to hear
that's how you know it might be fake news
that's not an instruction, it's a definition
fake news is the news you most want to hear
and in many cases it makes money
for the people who produce the fake news in the form of clickbait
you can actually, you know, well I mean
heck the Onion and other groups I can think of
that call themselves churches
sure they will produce a certain amount of interesting
stories to get your attention and that's how they make
their living
but interestingly enough it has turned out through research
that the kind of fake news that
right-wingers, conservatives want to hear is the kind that sells the best
by far and that's why there's a lot more of that out there
now of course a lot of people just assume
that what do you mean fake news, everybody knows the Clintons are murderers
that's the household internet knowledge, that's been household knowledge
on Facebook since 1990 before Facebook was even invented
my mom had every book on the murdering Clintons
I was raised by staunch Republicans but my dad was a lawyer
he didn't believe any of that crap, he could tell hearsay and gossip when he saw it
he didn't like Clintons at all but he knew fake news
however it does sell. Now, those are the kinds of things that are not fake news.
Then there are some other news that was probably real news
because you can't write something this dumb even if you're trying
I read the other day, you may have heard of this huge expensive creationist museum in Kentucky
taxpayer-funded, oh the state government in Kentucky decided that
oh they know enough about this complicated evolution silly gossip, oh they know enough about this complicated evolution silly gossip

let's have some real science, let's spend taxpayers money on an enormous creationist museum shaped like Noah's Ark
well even the Christians who wanted to like it found it kind of lame
and it's been losing money like crazy
the director of that wonderful project, a guy named Ken Ham
was quoted in the news as saying
the reason we failed was because
atheists were praying for us to fail
I'll say that one more time
to quote Ken Ham
our creationist museum failed only because atheists
were praying for it to fail
now stop and think how outnumbered the average atheist is
even in this crowd
I mean there must be ninety Christians every ten atheists right?
I mean if there's even that many
atheists
what does this imply?
that God listens to the prayers of one atheist more than, harder than he listens to ten Christians
in other words
nothing responds to prayer better than Jesus does
what the hell does that mean?
I come from a
a secular humanist background
Actually, I've never had any real bone to pick with any particular religion.
I wasn't beaten by nuns or raped by Catholics or any of that that I can remember.
I'm a junior scientist, not a real scientist, but I've been a junior scientist my whole life.
Admittedly, I am a clown junior scientist,
but I've been following the sciences all in a very, very broad way.
Forever.
With a specialty lately in microfossils, because I have access to a lot of them.
Microfossils are defined as fossils that are smaller than the president's hands or the voters' brains.
These are really, really tiny, boring fossils of marine life
that are just like most of the ones that are still around today.
It's just that I have access to a lot of them.
When you know what they look like, you want to hold your breath walking around on that ranch in Texas all the time.
Speaking of creation museums,
I inherited my dad's house in Texas.
It's in an interesting little town.
We have a nuclear power plant visible from the dining room window on the horizon,
a safari theme park,
and a dinosaur tree.
There are a lot of dinosaur tracks that the area is famous for,
and a creation museum.
One...
Pardon me?
This creation museum, Dr. Baugh's creation museum,
is so extreme that even the other creationists think he's a coot.
He's got a wonderful track of...
His name's Carl Baugh.
He's not actually a doctor or anything.
He has...
One of the things in his museum is a dinosaur track
with a...
human track in it.
In other words, when the deluge of Noah started,
first the acrocanthosaurus ran across that mud,
then Adam or Eve or some...
one of Noah's neighbors ran across it.
And so you can clearly see this barefoot human track inside a dinosaur track.
He also has one with a sandaled human footprint.
They do look strangely sculpted and smooth,
much less rough and...
and messed up than your average true lower Cretaceous
or even 6,000 year old track.
His whole theory is that the...
the...
the flood came down so hard that in two hours
it turned all the mud and tracks and bones and shells on the whole planet
into solid rock.
That's how heavy it was.
Now, that was...
You might call that fake news.
Here's something I read just yesterday that...
I want to be fake news,
but it was one of those big polling...
outfits.
Kinna Pak, I think.
They asked...
people what they thought of higher education and college.
And for the first time,
54% of Republicans said,
college is bad.
You should stop at high school.
54%.
Okay, higher education is bad.
I guess that's because they've been telling each other for 40 years that
if you go to college, every class tells you about Karl Marx
and the...
the silly theory of evolution and so forth.
I actually only had two years of college and I don't remember
any math professor mentioning Marx.
Or communism.
Or a music teacher mentioning...
The film history professor mentioned Groucho Marx
and other Marxists.
That was all that I got out of it.
But...
In other words, it has come to the point
where...
a little over a quarter of the American population
thinks that knowledge is bad.
Of course, some people think there's no such thing as knowledge.
It's all opinion.
And it's all just feelings.
I'm not going to try to argue with that
because I don't argue religion with people.
It just doesn't make any sense.
Praise Bob.
So...
Isn't that kind of...
awful?
That people would...
consciously say increased knowledge is a bad thing?
Isn't that sort of deplorable?
So wasn't Hillary kind of wrong to say
half the Trump voters?
That the Trump supporters were deplorables?
It was 54%.
She did later regret saying half.
Yeah, slightly over half.
What about you non-deplorable Trump supporters?
There are intelligent Republicans.
I've known them.
Poor William F. Buckley.
Good God, he must be rolling over and over
in his grave at this point.
I didn't agree with him,
but he knew what a shift key was for.
You know?
How far will you secret, intelligent Republicans
let this go just to piss off us libtards?
I've heard the strangest arguments.
Well, a vote for...
This was before the election.
And this is from some of my best friends.
A vote for Trump is a vote against boredom.
Oh, he's an agent of chaos.
Okay, number one.
No, he's an agent of totalitarian authoritarian fascism.
That's the exact opposite of chaos, you dumbass!
And boredom is something to be greatly, greatly welcomed
in international politics.
You know, the argument was,
well, if we vote for a Democrat,
let's not even get into those differences.
You're just voting for business as usual.
Well, as a half-college-educated,
country, aging white man,
I kind of was okay with the way things were going.
It seemed like we were making tiny, tiny incremental steps forward,
which is all I ever hoped for,
in practical terms,
after I grew up a little bit.
Well, the president says that
PC speech,
what we used to call common manners,
it was a whole problem.
Okay, so I'm going to quit being PC,
and we'll see who the crybaby special snowflakes are.
Because I'm going to use the S word.
And for a subgenius to have to use the S word,
that's bad, bad news.
Stupid is the S word.
For a subgenius to have to call somebody else stupid.
Oh, oh.
And ignorance is only a partial excuse.
I understand maybe being in a situation
where you've never been able to travel much,
and you never did learn to read much,
and besides, Sesame Street was kind of hard to follow.
But these people are consciously voting
to increase ignorance,
like creationism,
and to make it,
I hate to say it,
but I'm starting to feel like
they kind of want to outlaw science.
In the Church of the Subgenius,
we sell, right over there at that table,
among other things,
a doctorate in the forbearance of science.
And they're not even forbidden sciences.
Well, if you're any kind of science at all,
scientist at all,
even an amateur,
you're a lawbreaker
in this administration's environment.
And they are just ignorant.
It really is stupid
to vote for bigger breaks
for the insanely rich
and to screw yourself.
No skin off my teeth,
I'm one of the elites.
Relatively.
It's not that I have a lot of money in my pocket,
but I've got a couple of cars,
a little bit of an education.
I'm not the one who's going to suffer.
So, yeah.
Yeah, I'll say it.
The stupid people won.
Boy, that hurt my buddy's feelings.
I said that at dinner the other day.
He was so shocked to hear me say that.
I'll say it again.
The stupid, buck-toothed, inbred,
cow-fucking, jock, redneck, dumbasses.
One, does that hurt somebody's feelings?
Was that a mean thing for me to say?
Are the libtards full of hate?
We won't let Ann Coulter get a word in edgewise?
Oh, the poor thing.
Was I not PC when I said that?
It was, hey, come on.
It's just locker room banter, that's all.
I'm a media star.
I can do anything.
You should just walk up to the media
and grab them by the country.
Ha, ha, ha.
Locker room banter.
And the sad thing about stupid people
is they're afraid.
They are so afraid.
They're afraid.
There's Sharia law everywhere.
Just look around.
Oh, wait.
Almost everyone I see looks like an ordinary,
normal, Caucasian American.
Isn't that funny?
I mean, really, I'm not seeing a whole lot of Sharia law
being implemented in Glen Rose, Texas,
or Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
I currently live in both of those places.
Obama took everybody's guns away.
The Clintons were executed for murder.
There are child sex camps on the moon,
even though the moon landing was on the moon.
I'm not a hoax.
I have heard all of these things over and over and over
and over again since I started reading,
since I started the terrible bad habit of reading
the letters to the editor in the Dallas Morning News
100 years ago.
But my dad, in the middle of an argument with me
that he was not exactly winning,
because I wasn't exactly arguing,
he uttered something from the bottom of his heart
that was one of the truest things I ever heard.
He just blurted out,
I believe what I need to believe.
That's the human condition.
Who among us can really admit
that it's any different than that?
We all do that.
We all believe in what we need to believe.
It's just that some people are just like,
they're so screwed up,
they need to believe that everybody else is too.
And I'm not just talking about
poor dumbass ignorant right-wingers.
I'm talking about dumbass ignorant subgeniuses.
Again, think how dumb you have to be
to be kicked out of church with a subgenius for being dumb.
And then there was my dildo bomb last year.
I had this camera mount.
It was a very weird looking thing.
It didn't actually work as a camera mount.
That was fake news too.
It had rounded ends.
It fell out of the golf cart.
And as I was looking for it,
I started getting reports from security
over the walkie-talkies.
I tried to track it down.
A guy tended to see it as a roadside bomb.
Women tended to see it as a dildo
that had just been used and was gross
and they weren't going to touch it.
So yeah, you believe what you need to believe.
And if I wanted to get rich real quick,
all I would have to do is repeat
the subgenius bullshit without smiling.
If I could keep a straight face
when I went through all of Bob's wonderful sayings
that too much is always better than not enough,
pull the wool over your own eyes,
there's conspiracy of normal people
taking away the slack of all the abnormals,
that you're better than others
just because you're different.
Isn't that just what you most want?
Doesn't that sound like it might be fake news?
Maybe.
There are people who honestly want to believe
that they are a different species than the humans
and therefore they're better.
The really stupid ones actually think
they're smarter than everybody else.
How do you even define intelligence?
If you've got half a brain,
you know that's impossible.
Book smart and you can't change attire?
Well, Mensa might be the place for you.
If you can do both,
Church of the Subgenius might work out.
If you can just change attire,
that's all we ask.
Phooey, that's what I say.
Mark my words, phooey.
I know that's strong language,
I don't want to break anybody's ears.
Oh, and then there's the mainstream media,
that's the bad guy now because
it might say news you didn't want to hear.
Oh my God, it must be a lie
if it isn't exactly what you want to hear.
Here's the thing, I actually have worked
in and out of the mainstream media
and of course the underground media.
I've spent most of my time doing college radio
and fun stuff where I didn't have advertisers,
didn't have a boss,
could basically do anything I wanted to
except say the one true rule of the Church of the Subgenius,
plainly on the radio,
which is if they can't take a joke.
There, I just saved myself some work.
Anyway, sure, there's bias there.
I've actually worked as a journalist a little bit,
although I wasn't ever trained that way.
And I've worked as a typesetter and an office boy
and a cameraman around regular news stations
and big city magazines and all that kind of stuff.
And they're not sitting around trying to make up lies.
They're trying to compete with their competition
by getting better proof sooner.
Of course there's bias, mostly driven by advertising.
And of course there's, you know,
you've got your Breitbart on the one hand
or your Raw Story perhaps on the other hand.
I have the bad habit of reading both, my friends.
I don't watch TV news.
I've never actually seen The Daily Show.
I've never seen a Daily Show.
I've seen a little clip.
I saw a clip of Rachel Maddow the time she mentioned Bob Dobbs.
I saw Stephen Colbert the time he looked like Bob Dobbs.
But basically I don't use cable TV
and I prefer to read in the news
because then I can get it at my own speed.
There's more sentences there, more information.
I can go through it faster than any news guy can talk.
And I've spent more time in the right-wing bubble
than most right-wing bubble-heads have.
I know about echo chambers.
I know about both sides of the echo chambers.
You believe what you want to believe.
But there is such a thing as truth,
but it's not simple.
And people want simple.
They really want simple.
And when you're simple, it doesn't matter.
When you're down, it's not truth anymore.
Truth is complicated.
It's like slack versus false slack.
Sure, you can say,
well, false slack, well, I know I'm not getting real slack,
but I got lots of false slack,
and false slack's better than no slack at all.
No! False slack is no slack at all!
And when you say,
well, these are just alternate facts.
No! Alternate facts are no slack at all!
No facts at all!
There are such things as correct and incorrect.
I didn't say right and wrong.
Those are human conceits that will change from person to person.
But some things can be measured.
But my friend across the dinner table from me,
he couldn't get over me saying,
the stupid ones won this time, just face it.
They were tired of the black president and woman bosses.
That's what it boiled down to.
Well, later that night,
because we were in the same motel room,
my friend started in on the same lines
I've been hearing for 20 years.
But in the 70s, this Pauli A. guy,
he wrote this book that said global cooling
was going to destroy the world in 10 years.
Science is wrong! Science is always wrong!
They're always having to correct themselves.
Yeah! That's the general idea about science!
That's why it's not a religion!
They're constantly admitting they're wrong.
Of course, it's slow,
because scientists live a long time,
and they cling to their ideas,
and they have egos just like everybody else.
But yeah, that is the general idea.
They find out they're wrong, and then they admit it!
Good God!
Oops.
Anyway, oh God, I saw,
trying to watch a video today,
it was coming in too slow because of the Wi-Fi.
It was a Christian creation science video.
And I couldn't watch it, but I read the description.
It said,
dinosaurs aren't real because fossils are just rocks.
They're not really bones.
I didn't care about that part.
She couldn't even spell dinosaurs!
It was spelled like a sore on your arm!
Thunder!
Thunder!
Thunder soars!
God!
Okay, here's another funny thing.
Racism!
All of a sudden,
whoa, it's just cool to be a racist again!
At least on the internet,
where you're still anonymous,
and a whole lot of big old brave white boys
get together on the internet with fake names to be racist.
Racism, of course, is a loser's excuse for being a loser.
I personally think loser is a name.
It's a nasty word.
We're all losers.
We're all gonna die, every single one of us.
Some of us know how to make our way through this short life
and be graceful losers.
Racists are just the very bad losers.
They've gotta have something to blame it on.
Oh, but Stang,
you're an elite in an ivory tower.
Yeah, and I'm also a gun-owning small business owner
who lives on a goat ranch in rural Texas.
I have, I'm an elite, all right, yeah.
I read a couple of nonfiction books a month at least,
preferably every week.
I've been to China,
and Africa, working, not just as a tourist,
all over Europe, and really all over the United States.
I lived for 25 years in a low-income,
mostly Mexican neighborhood in Dallas,
and in the last 20 years I've lived in a mostly black neighborhood
that is middle class,
and is in fact the, probably the safest,
most welcoming neighborhood I've ever lived in.
Not everybody's black.
There's also a lot of artists,
Hasidic Jews,
queers of every stripe,
Russians,
just, for some reason,
unlike the way they describe it on the internet,
everybody gets along fine.
The people in small town Texas
read about the big city crime,
and they think, oh, big people in big city are also unfriendly,
and oh, the Muslims are gonna take over,
and oh, it's just, we've got to do this,
we better,
and meanwhile, the people in the big city are just going,
including me,
for a long time,
are going, oh my God, the Texas state government,
Jesus, I could never live there.
They're insane.
And they just passed this open carry law,
so they're all gunslingers now.
Well, all of those are stereotypes.
They did pass open carry law in Texas,
and nothing happened,
because everybody was already packing,
they always had been,
they just didn't have to brag about it.
The only ones that had to brag about it
are the scared dumb shits.
My brother and sister and I,
after the open carry thing was passed,
a month later, we discussed it,
and among the three of us,
we had seen one person
toting her six gun out on her hip,
and it was an old lady.
Most of the stores had signs up that said,
please don't carry your open carry weapon in here,
it makes people nervous.
And no one did,
because like I say,
in a rural area,
yeah, most people are packing.
I need to get a pistol myself,
because of rattlesnakes.
But yeah, it works both ways.
Most of those people in small towns,
they're not ignorant,
they're not all ignorant,
and they really are really friendly.
They might be a little standoffish
if you had a hope and change button on,
but we've got to be good friends with our neighbors.
And the reason they don't like Trump
is because they like Ted Cruz better.
So, you know, go figure.
Anyway, my point is the internet backfired.
It spreads simple lies so much faster
than complex truths.
I used to think TV was worse,
but it's not really,
because TV is still somewhat controlled
on the internet.
No matter what idiotic, hateful thing you want to believe,
you can find a million other people instantly
with plenty of proof of it.
So, yeah.
We're going to need a bigger lie.
A bigger big lie, I guess,
if we're going to fight fire with fire.
I've never seen anything this dumb,
but I've seen so many extremely dumb things happen,
I'm not a bit surprised
that things could get dumber.
Think of those poor Jews
in late 1930s Germany going,
oh, that guy's a clown.
He's not, nobody takes that crap seriously.
What's going to happen?
And that was one of the most civilized,
knowledgeable countries on the planet Earth.
Possibly more so than this one.
It can happen here.
And I'm sorry I'm not being funny,
but we can't go quietly into that dark night of tax returns.
We've got to rebel, rouse, and shout like hell
before we get Stockholm Syndrome.
You know, where you're taken hostage
and you can't handle the fear and the humiliation.
So you automatically start to love your captors.
Oh, there were so many clues.
They were right in front of us.
For instance, Kellyanne Conway,
the first woman to run a successful presidential campaign.
But look at her name.
Conway.
The conspiracy hiding in plain sight.
And then there was Hillary,
one of the lizard aliens,
bragging openly about how she was going to expose
the gray alien UFO conspiracy.
They had to replace her with one of their own puppets.
It's all part of the Grays versus the Lizards secret alien overlord mob war.
And it's all in subgenius prophecy.
You can read about this crap in a 1983 book
with the word humor on the back cover.
Telling the librarian where to put it.
And we've been trying to look at the bright side.
I told my friend Reverend Pease,
oh, we'll keep doing the hour of slack radio show,
even from the concentration camps.
He said, oh, we call those patriot camps.
Reverend Stang.
They're not going to be that bad.
We'll get snacks.
But more likely they'll be called Trump Towers, I think.
Prisons and public housing will be merged
and just all called Trump Towers.
And people who score low in citizen points
by not turning in enough of their fellow citizens
for treason or pot smoking
will have to pay much higher rent
than those with good American scores,
especially the Trump-U.S.
youth who report on college radio stations
that break the new patriotism rules.
You know, if you criticize the government,
that's exactly the same as terrorism
and it's going to have the same penalties,
hanging or else having to work at Trump Stop
for the rest of your life.
Everybody will be...
By the way, the policy I just described
is happening in China right now.
Everybody will want to be a good American
just like those good Germans we all heard about.
Again, I'm not worried.
I'm one of the elites...
Well...
I am worried.
We had a hope.
Right after the election,
like a lot of people,
I felt like I'd been...
I knew it could happen
because I had been living in the bubble
and I knew that people who had never voted
in their whole lives
were going to vote for the first time.
And a lot of people who probably would have voted
went, no, I don't like what she did to Bernie,
so I'm just...
Well...
The hope was...
Maybe...
Maybe Trump's really a closet surrealist
like that comedian, Andy Kaufman.
You know, he said years ago
that if he was going to run for president
he'd do it as a Republican
because as he put it,
they're so easy to fool.
And so we got to thinking,
maybe his whole plan was to convince the deplorables
that he was really just one of them,
a rich real estate developer,
and then once he got in,
totally blow their minds.
With really cool surrealist laws like
all dogs must wear top hats and little bow ties.
Or car tires shall henceforth be made of titanium steel
but the rest of the car shall be made of rubber.
Daylight savings time shall be held on alternating days.
Free Adderall for redheads.
Christmas every month.
Only Christians will have access to pornography
or death metal.
Every tenth jack in the box
will be armed with explosives.
Vaccinations will be available by lottery
but will be required for those chosen randomly.
If global warming continues,
we will build a wall around the earth
and make God pay for it.
All subgeniuses must wear collars with bells on them.
No farting except by heads of state.
All diapers shall be small confederate battle flags
but with Pokemon characters added.
And North and South Korea will be deported
to opposite sides of the moon
with the North Koreans facing away.
So, uh,
but that didn't, that would have been kind of cool.
Then I could agree, yeah, he's an agent of chaos.
But that is turning out to be just the opposite.
And I only have ten more minutes
and I have to get out of here
because the incoming bans are complicated.
Like the truth.
But I do have a couple of statements
that some subgeniuses who are feeling a little funnier
than I was about all this said
that I collected off the internet.
The very young guy, Dr. Shogoth, said,
uh,
friends, loved ones, and country folks,
you can't hashtag your way out of this.
Donald Trump is your president.
That's democracy.
You can't protest an election away.
Put down your hashtags.
Shit is gonna get weird.
We've been through weird.
We've been training all our lives, dear mutants,
to resist and uphold our integrity
against a society that increasingly insists on conformity.
We are the faithful who have trained for this exact moment.
This is not the time to panic and give in to despair.
This is what all of our conversations led to.
Like the spring of love and hate and weirdness
and wits were made for.
We can come out of this shit better than when we went into it.
This situation was made by chaos,
and we know chaos.
This is a medium we can work in.
And our enemies were fools for handing this to us.
Stay strong, chippies.
When the going gets weird,
the weird turn pro.
Or kill me.
Another friend of mine,
G. Gordon Gordon,
who moved to Portugal after the election,
said, I know a lot of my Yeti kin are totally bummed.
But look at it this way.
The ones who have the most invested in the system
will suffer the most when shite heel wrecks it.
They'll be the pinks.
So lean back, light up, and enjoy the circus.
After all, we still have slack.
We and we alone will prevail.
And we've never believed in all that government bullshite anyway.
And there are more places for you to buy frop or grow it legally.
I hope.
And when the Trumpkins find out they've been conned
because shite heel can't possibly give them all the things they want,
the fun will be even bigger.
And this Norwegian said,
our betters up at the castle,
who have spent the past 60 years wishing they could order summary execution
of anyone who even looks funny
at the unholy first-use nuclear alliance,
are severely embarrassed.
And freaking the fuck out.
I do not like the phrases,
freaking the fuck out,
and first-use nuclear alliance,
to apply to anywhere on the same planet as me.
Thank you very much.
And this last one by the good Reverend Roger.
I read a rant by him last Starwood.
And this one's funny too.
I have no ass and I must shit,
is the name of it.
By the good Reverend Roger.
For the first time in my long and wretched life,
I'm stumped.
I'm watching the rolling dumpster fire
that is the Trump administration,
and I can't rant about it,
because I don't know where to start.
There are so many things to bray laughter at
that I keep starting to spout,
but then something else comes along and I get derailed.
Now, I normally do not rant,
I do not soil myself with human politics,
but it's impossible to avoid this time around.
The moment you turn on the TV or the internet,
an avalanche of raw sewage pours out
and ruins the carpet.
It's like a production line making assholes,
one right after another,
and there's no getting away from it.
So I've stopped trying,
and so I'm going to do my part
to push this bad puppy right off the cliff.
This is not a time to get mad.
I'm going to keep a straight face,
and life is going to be very, very hard
on those who are not serious about having a good time.
And I plan on having a very good time indeed.
Who can blame me?
Actual no-bullshit Nazis
are coming out of the woodwork
thinking their day has come.
The hills are alive with the sound of hayseeds
and Klan members screeching
and touching themselves in triumph.
But the funny thing is,
even though their guy won,
nothing is working out for him.
The Senate is a tangled mess,
the courts are publicly urinating on executive orders,
and the people who voted for Trump
are devouring themselves,
spitting out bits of their own skin
as they proclaim that America is going to be great again.
It is.
You just watch.
Never mind that people in Kentucky
don't look happy at their victory,
or, well,
West Virginia,
or the suddenly impoverished cattle kings
in Texas and New Mexico.
Never mind that some po-buckers
are starting to mumble about their health care
as if they suddenly realize
that all the things Trump said
apply to them too,
and this is real.
Not just showing those liberals a thing or two.
Richard Spencer got a flying elbow to the jaw
and the alt-right started asking
where the liberal tolerance went.
But we were all too busy laughing to listen.
A long time ago,
a few crusty old subgeniuses talked about,
quote,
the coming weird times.
Well, those times are here now,
and they're going to get a lot weirder.
I'm okay with that.
I'm on the crazy train with the primates
making choo-choo noises
while the boiler overheats,
and I wouldn't trade it
for anything.
Well, almost anything.
I'd kind of like my aging parents
to have health insurance
and all that good stuff,
but since that isn't going to happen,
why not roll the stake down the stairs
just to hear it crash?
I've become an unrepentant wrecker,
and I make no apologies for it.
This is, after all,
what 61 million people demanded,
they being the idiotic hominids that they are,
wanted an administration
that would pay attention to them.
Be careful what you wish for,
stupid humans.
This is exactly why you can't have nice things.
But you and I, we're yeti.
We're subgeniuses,
and we will not be governed.
We wobble.
We oscillate.
When you crush us in the fist of the stake,
we just sort of ooze out between its fingers
and dance off down the street,
laughing and happy-slapping passing poe-buckers.
They may have two million people under arms
and twice that many police,
but we have bomb!
They may have the banks.
We have slack.
They may have 12 aircraft carriers,
but we have Dr. Legume and G. Gordon Gordon,
even if they had to leave the country
for reasons best left unspoken.
Orton and Nenslow once said that
if you, quote,
freak the mundanes, unquote,
they'll find ways to make sure you'll wish you were never born.
But they're doing that anyway,
so why not take them with us?
Why not skip merrily along into the apocalypse
with your pants full of shit
and a stupid grin on your face?
Anyway, that's why I can't rant anymore
or kill me,
says the good Reverend Roger.
Notice that's two rants by subgeniuses
that ended with the line,
or kill me.
And I'm going to end this
having not told you anything at all
about the Church of the Subgenius.
You don't want to know.
Oh, you don't want to know.
The last thing you want to do is spend that 35 bucks
and become a minister
and be able to go to the secret websites.
Oh, you don't want to do that.
I do have a couple of new quotes.
And they're actually not Bob quotes,
they're all me quotes.
Here's the first one.
If I don't already know about it,
then it isn't cool enough for me to know about.
Boy, that one pisses people off.
Aging.
It's just like turning into the Wolfman,
only it's the mummy you're transforming into
every full noon.
And then the last one is,
inside this confident-seeming skinny old hippie
is an incredibly insecure fat nerd
screaming to get out.
That probably describes a whole lot of my friends, too.
And with that, friends, I must say,
thank you for coming to another Starwood.
We'll be here again next year
unless the new subgenius prophecy works out
and the world ends on 5-7 instead of 7-5.
Apparently the 1998 was a phone number.
We'll figure it out.
But we'll still be waiting for the saucers at Wisteria.
And, um, and...
Price Bob...
Well, we can't do the Q&A.
There's usually a Q&A,
and usually I go through this thing
and read funny workshop titles,
but they weren't all that funny
except this one that was early on,
honoring the sacred Yoni.
Oh, just walk up and grab him!
Yeah.
So, uh, thank you, friends,
and our sales table is over there.
There will be a Q&A at the sales table,
but every answer will end with the phrase,
only one dollar.
Thank you and praise Bob.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Good.
Hey, hey, hey, applaud again.
I want to get a shot of that.
Yeah, praise Bob!
Yeah!
Oh, ho, ho!
This is the way they were the whole time!
Cut.
Okay, that's enough, enough.
That's a wrap.
57 minutes, just right.
You've been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information,
write to
P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
or see www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob!
It's an unfashionable belief in the atheist community,
but truth just needs to be stated.
It doesn't have to be hyped.
I know.
I do a lot of hyping of atheism.
But remember what Bob Dobbs said,
I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
There is no God, and that's a simple truth.
If every trace of any single religion were wiped out and nothing were passed on,
it would never be created exactly that way again.
There might be some other nonsense in its place,
but not that exact nonsense.
If all of science were wiped out,
it would still be true,
and someone would find a way to figure it all out again.
