Let's go!
This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.
The broadcasters of your area, in voluntary cooperation with the FCC and other authorities,
have developed this system to keep you informed in the event of an emergency.
If this had been an actual emergency, you would have been instructed where to tune in your area.
For Bob.
Praise Bob.
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave your sets adjusted.
We're having operating difficulties, which has necessitated a delay in the beginning of our Sunday movie.
Praise Bob.
Bob.
Ah, yes, dear friend.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
We subjected it to careful editing.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery of the moon.
A mystery, which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of The Subgenius.
We have to gather our strength, because now there's clouds and thunder.
The image of difficulty at the beginning.
Oh, but finally we shall bring order out of chaos.
You know what happened?
This won't make too much sense, but it's not intended to.
Well, I'm afraid of God.
God put money in that empty purse. Don't ever let it be broke again.
You do what you do, because you want to.
I do what I do, because...
Because Bob...
Bob told me to!
Ah, yes, dear friends.
And welcome to Hour of Slack number 697.
Can you believe it?
And I don't know what I'm going to do on this show again.
I've got all this new stuff on CD, including our new CDs.
The Double X Day Devival with ESO and the Starwood Devival without ESO.
And all these...
But I think I'm going to use a bunch of old stuff, too. Real old.
Like, I found the work tape for Hour of Slack.
Number 66 and 67.
So, God only knows what's on that ancient mess.
And this music in the background, by the way, is ancient music by me!
Hard to guess, huh?
Anyway, friends, onwards.
Okay, now, show begins when base show time reaches the main show time.
In case of the base show time or the stop show time.
And when the second show time reaches the...
Wait a minute, wait.
That's this switch here. Okay, I think we're ready to go.
Let's go!
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Ah, it's so nice out here in the little studio.
But that's a very funny reading on the scope. It's turbulent, it looks like.
It's spiraling. What is that? You can identify it.
It's a local control panel sending out the wrong image to the show here.
Can we correct it from long distance?
Sure.
We've got to beef the energy up.
You see, the entire show deadline caught me napping.
Right, we'll read it on the e-scope here.
We have bought a record for you. Would you like to listen to it?
I'm not sure.
Would you like to hear that record on sex again?
I don't understand.
I brought some drawings so that you can actually see the things I'm going to describe.
Mm-hmm.
There is a larger opening called the vagina.
Man.
The vagina is capable of being stretched a great deal.
What are testicles?
Testicles?
Mm-hmm.
The testicles manufacture seed.
When too much of this seed is produced, it overflows and comes out of the penis.
Usually during the night when the boy or man is asleep.
This is called a wet dream.
Sometimes boys worry about this, but it's really nothing to worry about at all.
It's a perfectly normal, natural thing.
Perfect concentration.
No distractions.
No anxiety.
No fear.
Greetings, my friends.
We are all interested in the future.
For that is where you and I are going to spend the rest of our lives.
And remember, my friends, future events such as these will affect you in the future.
You are interested in the unknown, the mysterious, the unexplainable.
That is why you are here.
So in this violent city, Philadelphia, full of derelicts and drugs, just realize we're
going to take it from you right there on home turf.
Which means that these tape recordings I'm making are for the sake of future history.
You're telling me?
Future history, you said?
The world grows ever stranger, and our traditional values seem to lose their meaning.
Thousands of Americans have rushed into the arms of bizarre religious cults to find a sense of spiritual security.
Perhaps the strangest of these cults is a little known group called the Church of the Subgenius.
It began in the heart of the Bible Belt in Dallas, Texas, but its membership is spreading across the nation.
We at What's Up America, though not given to making predictions, feel that the Church of the Subgenius is surely the church of the future, or at least what's left of it.
We want God! We want God! We want God!
That's right. Doug and his friends sell their particular brand of comedy in the form of pamphlets and magazines.
To anyone who has a buck or two, the faithful.
And he talks here about the birth of conversion.
Conversion, he says, is a nice word for brainwashing.
And any study of brainwashing has to begin with the study of Christian revivalism in 18th century America.
Apparently, Jonathan Edwards actually accidentally discovered the techniques during a church.
He was a religious crusade in 1735 in Northampton, Massachusetts.
By inducing guilt and acute apprehension, and by increasing the tension, the quote sinners, unquote, attending his revival meetings would break down and completely submit.
Technically, what Edwards was doing was creating conditions that wipe the brain slate clean so that the mind accepts new programming.
The problem was that the new input was negative.
He would tell them, you're a sinner, you're destined for hell.
As a result, one person committed suicide and another attempted suicide.
And many others found that although they thought they'd achieved salvation, they were obsessed with a diabolical temptation to take their own lives.
Now friends, they have considerably modified that technique since then.
Pardon me, I'm not a scholar.
The这是 تھение.
And part of the problem here is, because this proposal was developed in the podría' Avenue Asianas context,
it was thought about as being heard speaking mixing with oversea children.
Invere outsiders who wanted to interfere with a subtext related to food Rechts,
was Luisa.
Now the problem was, the other knows knew of a situation that occurred,
though she was never więks.
pretty hard to live with. Some girls imagine they feel worse than they actually do. They get in a
dither just by thinking too much about themselves. So pay no attention to a little egg or two.
Now that you know what you can expect these few days every month, learn to live with them easily.
They needn't upset you. After all, menstruation is so right and normal. Once you understand it
and how little bother it is, paying attention to it makes about as much sense as worrying over
your breathing.
Science fiction novel. And sometimes it wasn't even his own. Sometimes it was ripped off from
somebody else. And yet, you know, religions that started as recently as, you know, 200 years ago
or 100 years ago or even 30 years ago are as big as some of the ones that started a thousand years
ago. So Church of the Subgenius happened to come along just when instant printing and the internet
were invented.
It is.
It is.
It's known as the Church of the Internet. A lot of people find Bob a lot easier on the internet.
And rather than buying the books, they would rather read the pamphlets online. Is there any way
of making that the Church of the Internet, the official Church of the Internet?
Well, we have more nude pictures of girls wearing glasses on our website than you'll see on almost
any other pay or free porno website. And it's not even pornography. It's just religion. It's freedom of expression.
We're just exploring our religion.
We're just exploring our religious rights as granted us in this great country.
Earth, we must get off. Whether we leave it or leave it a cinder. Whether we blow it off or blow it up. Just don't blow it, friends.
That $30 to Bob proves that you consider your life to be worth $30.
$30.
Don't spend that much on printing rock stars anyway.
Oh, but some people think, well, Bob might be lying again. Oh, no.
Friends, Bob makes a million dollars every time he screws up.
By screwing up last time, he made $10 billion.
This next day, when the saucers do arrive, he won't lose that $10 billion because we already did.
We're out our $30. His fuck-up already happened. He has nothing to gain by us losing.
So this time, we will win.
And, uh, you know, even if X-Day didn't work out, we'll go for Sex Day.
We want you people to dance into the new century. Screw into the new century. Sleep and eat your way into the new century.
Whatever you're doing in the moment of turnover is what you'll be doing forever.
So make sure you're not asleep.
Make sure you're not walking.
Make sure you're not watching TV.
Make sure you're not listening to Pat Boone.
Make sure you're not reaching for an itch you'll never be able to scratch.
Friends, you're floating in a sea of pills.
A sea of Bob's pills.
But you're just too blind yet dumb to see them.
Oh.
Oh, friends.
I know you're not the dumb-asticated type.
I know you're the smart-asticated type.
Oh, but people say, Reverend Stagg, what is slack?
I want you to tell me what slack is.
You know, friends, the television doesn't have to watch you as long as you are watching the television.
And a lot of people, a lot of people think that slack is that Miller beer commercial where everybody's good looking and you're rich and your team just won the game.
And you're drinking Miller beer and your favorite show is on.
And you know that's bullshit because slack is not laziness, friends.
Slack is getting into the zone.
It's being awake and alert and doing what you wanted to do until your eyes snap open and you're smart enough to realize that you are God.
Life is worth living.
And everything is just as psychedelic as that old t-shirt that you can't fit into anymore.
Now.
Hold that thought.
Hold it in your head.
Because that is what slack is all about, friends.
Slack is something for nothing.
So why not?
So why not?
Why not make a new beginning in your life and see what'll happen?
I don't know.
You don't know.
And you will never know.
You have signed the application.
You do have the kit.
Well, have you got your pipe through the mail?
Oh.
I'm going to go crazy.
We're not against it.
And so let's move on to the message.
The techniques and stagings will vary from church to church.
Many use speaking in tongues to generate catharsis in some while the spectacle creates intense excitement in others.
And it's becoming more and more sophisticated as professionals come into the market for brainwashing.
A man in Los Angeles is designing.
Building and reworking a lot of churches around the country.
He tells ministers what they need and how to use it.
And this man's track record indicates that the congregation and the monetary income will double if the minister follows his instructions.
He admits that about 80% of his efforts are in the sound system and lighting.
And dear friends, these conversion techniques, I mean, frankly, what I'm about to tell you is our secrets of how the church works.

The church of the subgenius works just like any other mind control cult.
We have studied these techniques non-professionally, not like your Falwells and your Criswells.
We're working strictly from an intuitive basis.
And also we admit what we're doing, which is what I'm doing right now.
Subgenie mind control gone out of control.
They handed me this jar and said my brain was in it.
And then when the police came, they poured it down.
The subgenius.

Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Hello darkness my old friend
I've come to talk with you again
Because of vision softly creeping
Left its seeds while I was sleeping
And the vision that was planted in my brain
Still remains within the silence
Of silence!
In restless dreams I walk alone
Narrow streets of cobblestone
Neath the halo of an east street lamp
I turn my collar to the cold
And I'm in a daze
When my eyes were stabbed by the flash
Of a neon light
That split the night
And touched the sounds
Of silence!
In the naked light I saw
Ten thousand people maybe more
People talking without speaking
People hearing without listening
Writing songs
That voices never share
And no one dare
Disturb the sounds
Of silence!
Kanal's
Nova

Chaotix?
Nunca??
No istembo


Hostlio Valdy
andingers
Castingาร
Numjas
Leitungs

Limit 할

army
Fool said I, you do not know
Silence like a cat that grows
Hear my words that I might teach you
Take my arms that I might reach you
But my words, like silent raindrops, fell
And echoed in the wells of silence
Silence
Silence
Silence
And the people bowed and prayed
To the neon god they made
And the sign flashed out its warning
In the words it was for me
And the sign said the words of the prophets
Are written on subway walls
And tenement halls
And whispered in the sounds
And whispered in the sounds
And whispered in the sounds
Of silence
Silence
Silence
Silence
Silence
Silence
Silence
Silence
Silence


Silence, you fool. Einstein's secret orchestra, of course.
Chaz Smith, my cousin Chaz on vocals, Lonesome Cowboy Dave on guitar, Chaz also on keyboards.
Bob Mosick on drums and Michelle George, the Hendrix of the electric violin.
And friends, speaking of Einstein's secret orchestra, let's check their radio show.
...circular and groovy like it should.
Well, I dreamed that within the next three or four weeks the stock market crashed and burned.
And the Reverend Ivan Stang made a huge killing off profiteerage of strange religious values and virtues which none of us professed.
And it was not only...
It was a sacrilegious dream, but it was a salubrious, bright yellow and blue dream.
There was all kinds of little snakes dancing by with signs, holding up signs, saying what was gonna happen.
The Dow Jones down this day and the...
The Dow Jones versus Friday Jones.
Can you imagine what a conflagration that would be?
The battle of the stock market.
Two sumo wrestlers of sex.
The stock market and the...
Now where are stocks?
The stock market and the stock you went.
Oh, subgenius hell.
It's such a big party.
I wish I could die and move on to subgenius heaven like Bob promised me.
I wish I could be at the end of the post.
My arm will be so tired from flogging you all.
My little fingers will be so bruised from squeezing you all all over.
Hey, Friday, I can see your house from up here.
I can see you eyelashing this right now with your soft, silky, wisdom eye.
Giving this big, you know, like 3,000 eyelashes.
Lashed with the wisdom teeth.
Take out the optic nerve and crack it.
Oh, baby, I'm learning an awful lot from you now.
Oh, you've all been so bad.
I can see the M&M falling through the palms of your hands even now.
I would much rather lick the wisdom eye than have the wisdom eye give me a licking.
And I think it does it almost all the time.
Every day I learn something new and bad I don't want to learn.
Like just this afternoon, I learned that you can't run over another human being just because you're mad at them.
And not get in trouble with the authorities.
Oh, you learned that today?
Yeah, they're chasing me and everything.
I don't know if they got my license number.
I hope not.
We learn something important every day.
And also I learned that you can't, you know, just grab some old lady and unscrew her, like, artificial prosthetic kneecap device on the bus.
And without her getting in an argument with you.
You can't?
Well, you can if you're here to learn.
You can't wake her up.
You're learning experientially.
You've got to grab an old lady's knee on the bus and you've got to torque it.
Torque it?
Torque it.
Hey, I've got to flip it.
Torque.
So I'm being left here alone again in the studio.
The rats are dancing.
The water is puddling up around my feet.
And Stang and Chaz took off the other room.
They're making CDs for themselves.
So it's just you and me, Dave?
Well, let's make our own CD on the air right now.
That's right.
Let's both get close in this little blue canister.
Mind if Dr. Mo watches?
Do you mind if I bring one of these little rats along to snuggle up with us?
Oh, no.
The sweet little rat.
We'll name him Ben.
Ben.
Ah, well, let's leave Friday and Dave alone in the little tuna can in space.
Dear friends, that's from Einstein's Secret Orchestra Radio.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Reverend Chaz Smith and Irreverent Friday Jones.
That show from a while back.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra Sounds of Silence.
We heard some editing.
Some editing this show has been by Puzzling Evidence, our old, old friend from Berkeley.
And we've heard some of the Berkeley KPFA Subgenius Show.
It's always going to be a little sad to play the KPFA Subgenius Show from now on.
Partly because KPFA just changed.
That station in Berkeley just became a sort of a corporate liberal station.
It's just sort of a fake NPR now.
And I don't know if Negative Land or the Subgeniuses are even still on.
It was a corporate takeover.
Friends, those of you who are listening to this show, the very fact that you have a station like this in your town makes you very lucky.
You are in a rare situation.
Pity those of us in Dallas or Austin, Texas, where there is no radio worth listening to.
At all.
Or now, even San Francisco.
Well, anyway, friends, we also heard some music edits from the Brand Flakes.
A wonderful subgenius-oriented collage band.
And what else?
What else have we got here?
Oh, I think I did the credits.
Anyway, friends, let's listen to our latest new discovery, Little Theodore.
From this recorded at X Day.
Or actually, Double X Day, 1999.
Uh-huh.
Mr. Roboto! Mr. Roboto!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!


I don't know what to do!
I don't know what to do!
Let's try to imagine a sort of a cross between Janer, the hyperclades, me, and Pee Wee Herman
on amphetamines and muscular dystrophy or something like that.
But real cool, though.
I spin around in circles till I think that I might fall.
And if I take two steps in a row, I walk into the wall.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
The only time I'm happy is when I'm sitting on the floor
And if I seem to go somewhere, I can't make it to the door
I don't know what to do
I'm going to tell you what to do, though, friends.
You can contact Little Fiodore directly at
GotToBeAuto.com
Got that pencil ready?
P.O. Box 973 Boulder, Colorado
That's Box 973 Boulder, Colorado
80306
P.O. Box 973 Boulder, Colorado
80306
Little Fiodore
And Babushka on keyboards
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere
Where are you leading us, Bob?
Is he?
And where is Bob leading them?
Right now it acts like it's going to make me rich
Doug's been standing out in the sun too long, I think
I don't think it's going to be a marvelous time for people to put their hands on the radio and say,
Oh, I'm going to put my hands on the radio
Or if you have a stereo
Ah, yes
If you have a stereo, you could go out and put your hands on maybe one speaker
Lay your hands down
Let your old lady put it on another speaker, you know
On that radio or that tape recorder if you're listening
Because that's where the real edge comes from
Really, really sit cross-legged
Feel those little molecules coming right out from Bob
Well, it's almost out of jack time and there's only one Gary here
Gee, Doug's
18 Bob's
And the show with its own
Tune the drums


It's a shout-out generation
Yes, they're here too
What's going on here?
I don't know
Well, we're tuning in on you right now
Well, let's hope for better progress
And there, we're centered on
Oh, okay, we're on lock
Oh, okay
Is there anything we can do?
There's got to be something we can do
Now someone figure out what we're supposed to do
On an interview show
Hey, I don't want to listen to a recording
I want to talk to somebody who's doing something
Bob loves you
Bob, Bob, love you
Bob, Bob, love you
I mean, Bob
We've been waiting on you
Well, no, actually, Bob, you don't really want
Bob's been waiting on us now, well
We're real close to J.R. Bob, God
Because his perfect slack has to come from somewhere
All I know is that that pipe is glued to his teeth
He actually has a hole in his teeth
During the first autopsy, it was found that there was a growth
That went all the way back into the lower portion of Bob's brain
From the pipe
And some speculate that it is indeed the pipe itself
That is the controlling entity
It's true
He also has a tumor in his eyes, see?
If you look, when he talks, you'll actually see the list of the people he's talking to
I can feel Bob
Oh, is that what they call it now?
The slips of the pipe
I think Bob is love
Gone horribly, horribly wrong
Like a big fist up your ass
That's Bob
When you're drowning in the middle of the ocean
Bob is a grilled cheese sandwich
Bob is a real live breathing person whose existence
The more you try to prove that he exists
The more you cannot prove that he exists
And therefore the more you prove that the conspiracy exists
That's a deep one
We shall have paradise
Such an ever-revealing night
And sex every night!
Subgenie of the world
Subgenie of the world
Subgenie of the world, you guys!
Sid... Channeling Sid Vicious
Sid Vicious, Vicious
Long... Sid...
The early...
The cancerous days
King of Spanish horror
Spandex manteldez
Spandex manteldez
Oh! We were gonna...
Friends, how would you like to get laid with him?
He's here tonight!
How would you...
He is here!
He ain't got no other place to go, man
He's lonely as hell
The imp of punity has finally come
And I am an ordained minister
I am an officially approved holy man
By the government's orders
And by virtue of the Universal Life Church
And of J.R. Bob Dobbs
And Connie Dobbs
Hail Connie, praise God

Praise Bob
And friends, there's a tradition in our church
That says...
That says...
That...
That says...

Well, you know, we're outnumbered by conspiracy pinks
Barbies and kins
Caged men
Box dwellers
Mediocratons
And so forth
And that means, friends, that we have to
Overpopulate the planet
With as many little subgeniuses as we possibly can
Until the whole planet is so overpopulated with pinks
That it practically tips over
And you know what that means, friends
To repopulate the planet with subgeniuses?
That means simply that you have to love more
Well, love doesn't have anything to do with it
It just means you have to reproduce
Like animals
It's a natural thing
But it's not natural unless it's approved
By God and the state
And that's why you're in luck
Whether your idea of great sex
Is with that babe or stud or animal sitting next to you
Or with just your right hand
Or your left hand if it's sort of a kinky night
Why, friends, all you need
Just as all the scarecrow needed was his diploma
And just as all the tin man needed was his certificate
All you need is a short duration subgenius marriage
And I know you are probably going to sin or not sin tonight
No matter whether we officially did it or not
But this way you won't go to hell
So, friends
Praise God
Oh, yes dear friends
Do you voyeurs and weirdos here
Swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth
So help me, Bob, Connie, say I do, I do, okay
Friend, are there any here who
Any jealous losers and uptight puritanical idiots who
Think that these couples and the triples and a whole damn room
Shouldn't be united in some disgusting way of sexual love
And wedding official matrimony
Speak now or well, we don't care
Are there any?
Well, do you
Insert name here
Male and or female or whatever type of
Subgenius
Swear upon the eyes of
Dobbs' sainted dead mother, Jane
To take this other subgenius or pet
At home or favorite porno star
Or fantasy
Your shoe, your wedding ring, your condom in your wallet
Do you swear to take this mate, this right hand, this left hand, whatever
As your permanent will for the next 24 hours
To have and to hold
For richer or poorer, in sickness and in kinkiness
Forever and well for the next 24 hours starting now, 1 a.m.
Say I do
I do
Okay, now, now, here's the tricky part
You must now kiss each other
And, oh wait, no, no, we forgot, the ring
What a ill prescription
You didn't forget the ring, did you?
Well, I tell Britannia
We'll do it the Devo style
This is your handy temple of Devo
This represents the ring of bondage
Sacred matrimonial bondage
And this, of course, represents the other temple of Devo part of it
Which some has to, some do, birds and bees, I don't know
Stick it in there like that and say, I do again
No, shake hands on it and say, it's a deal!
It's a deal!
It's a deal!
We're all married now, so we're all friends here
You can go ahead and start farting and
And
Actually, to tell the truth, friends
The very first time I came to this Starwood thing
Oh, you must now kiss the bride and consummate that
Or else you make a mockery of the sacred institution of marriage
Oh, my God!
Actually, the first time I came to Starwood
Uh, this beautiful woman came up to me in this diaphanous gown
It was Linda Murphy
And said, hi
And she handed me like a little marble or something
Said, this is a magic group, we're married now
And I kind of went, huh?
She goes, yeah, and that means I'm married to her and her and her
And him and him and him
And that means you're married to all those people too
And I went, oh, I guess we didn't come up with that routine ourselves, huh?
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen
Welcome to Rhythms of Spring
Second night
The very first stop on Pega Palooza 1999
The tour which is destined to be
Traveling home for pagans far and wide
Wanna live life
Having a good time dancing, drumming
Now, allow me to introduce ourselves
We're Loke E. Coyote
And we are Super Mischievous
Super Mischievous
Super Mischievous
Well, we're Loke E. Coyote
We got some tricky ways
We're gonna knock you out with the music that we plays
We're hoping everybody in the audience stays
To help us groove and move the cone of power we will raise
Yes, I'm talking about raising a cone of power
Raising energy by the minute and the hour
Raising it higher than the Eiffel Tower
By the time we get done, we're gonna all need a shower
Cause we're gonna jump around
Gonna play it safe
Gonna let the crack bell of liberty ring
We're gonna poke fun at everyone and everything
And we're gonna do our part to bring about the quickening
Super Mischievous
Super Mischievous
Super Mischievous
Super Mischievous
I'm not talking about the Highlanders
So don't you lose your head
But the winter time is over
Spring is here instead
Now it's time to wake up Mother Earth
Just like Maven said
Time to wake her up and feed her breakfast in bed
Because the Earth is our mother
Of that there is no doubt
And she'd rather see us celebrate
Than listen to us howl
So we're gonna have a good time
Make you scream and shout
Now I'm gonna whip my harmonica out
Music
Music
Well, it's true friends that the harmonica part is really pretty awful
But this Loki E. Coyote guy walked up to me at Starwood
And gave me this CD
And I thought it sounded like a whole bunch of fun
It proves that occasionally the pagans can work their way up to the Dobbs Head
So to speak
Or down actually I should say
They have to lower themselves down to the mud plain that we inhabit
Scratching and picking and grinning and eating and poking and fiddling with it
And you know, frapping and crapping
All like that
Loki E. Coyote
E Pluribus Funum
It says here
And you can get the information at wiccabilly.com
wiccabilly.com
That's w-i-c-c-a-billy.com
wiccabilly.com
rightvideos. 2
b.
rightvision.com
rightvision.com
I'm Dots.
Now, as I told you before, we are Loki and Coyote.
And not only do we play the funky pagan groove,
gonna make your funky pagan feet move,
and don't be afraid to dance out there,
because that's what we're here for.
Not only do we have songs about subjects near and dear to all our hearts,
like dancing naked around fires and playing on drums,
and running off Jehovah Witnesses, and drinking mead, stuff like that.
Not only do we have a killer website at wickabilly.com,
that's wickabilly.com,
and if you're pagan, you know how to spell it already, I hope.
Not only do we have all those things,
but we got our very own God and Goddess chant.
Now, when was the last time you heard of a band
that had their own God and Goddess chant?
I'm not talking about people out there,
when Velvet Hammer's playing, going,
Ginger, Linda, Tawny Nighthawk.
No, I'm talking, we got old God and Goddesses,
new God and Goddesses.
And maybe you say to me,
hey, uh, Trickster,
I heard you chant something a little while back,
but I didn't quite make it out.
Would you mind going through it one more time for me, please?
Loki, Coyote, you turp, a turp, sicker,
a pandion, Isis, Bob dolls.
Loki, Coyote, that's us.
From Loki, the Norse god of mischief.
Loki, who was able to convince the thunder god, Thor,
to dress in drag.
And Coyote, the Trickster,
always getting himself and other people in trouble,
in all those Native American tales.
Always in the name of fun.
Coyote, spirit guide of Homer Simpson.
Got the voice of Johnny Cash.
Loki, Coyote, you turp, a turp, sicker, a pandion,
Isis, Bob dolls.
Now the ancient Greeks personified the arts
as goddesses known as muses.
And the two that we're concerned with here
are Euterpa, the goddess of music,
and Euterpa, the goddess of music.
And Terpsichore, the goddess of dance.
Loki, Coyote, Euterpa, Terpsichore,
Pandion, Isis.
Ah, Pan.
Pan is my favorite personal deity.
He's the horn god of the forests and the fields.
Pan plays his pipes in the moonlight.
Dances under the stars.
Like y'all been doing out here tonight.
He loves women.
He loves animals.
He loves animals in very different ways of course.
And there's Dionysus, the god of revelry.
Now Dionysus traveled from one end of the land
to the others to spread the secret of making wine.
And he is one of my childhood heroes.
Let me tell you right now.
Loki, Coyote, Euterpe, Terpsichore, Pandionysus, Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs of the Church of the Subgenius.
Bob Dobbs, the divine drilling equipment salesman.
Bob Dobbs.
Who gives us words of wisdom such as,
the more ridiculous it seems,
the more important it probably is.
Yeah.
And based on that, my friends,
Loki, Coyote may well be the most important band that ever was.
Loki, Coyote, Euterpe, Terpsichore, Pandionysus, Bob Dobbs.
Loki, Coyote, Euterpe, Terpsichore, Pandionysus, Bob Dobbs.
Quick, oh, oh, quick.
Quick, oh, yes.
Yes!
Quick, oh, oh.
Quick, oh, oh.
Quick, oh, yes.
Quick, oh, oh.
Quick, oh, oh.
Quick, oh...
Oh
Oh
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
We know each other now, don't we?
Dorothy! Dorothy! Where are you?
She's followed us here.
Uncle Henry, we've got to get away.
Uncle Henry, we've got to run away.
Dorothy, don't bother us now, honey.
I didn't do it. I didn't do it. I didn't do it.
For 23 years. For 23 years. For 23 years.
For 23 years. For 23 years.
I didn't do it. I didn't do it.
I saw you. I saw you.
Open, open. He doesn't do it every day.
He just wants it twice a week.
Annie M., really?
For 23 years, I've been dying to know.
Oh, no, no. Oh, no, no. Oh, no, no.
Please, that's him.
Oh, no.
Uncle Henry.
Help.
Uncle Henry.
Stop her.
Don't let her take him.

No, I won't let you take him.
Ah! She locked me in.
Come back. Come back.
Uncle Henry.
Don't go and knock me. Please, come back.
Oh, he got away. He got away.
I let him go.
And I was so happy.
I'll never forget myself.
Never, never, never.
Ouch.

An amazing piece of editing there,
friends, from a CD called Extracted ahceluloid.
This audio was mainly used for deriding child data.
that is a release of Sealand Records,
Negative Lands, Sealand Records.
And that amazing little artistic edit
was by Natasha Spencer
and is called The House She Flew In On.
You can find the details on this particular product
at www.negativeland.com
And now, the next cut up on there,
Pedro Rebello's Just Cartoon Music.
Just Cartoon Music
Just Cartoon Music
I should also mention that Negative Land
does not have an E in it
when you go to www.negativeland.com
Also, on studying this
sort of homemade looking label on this CD,
I noticed that this is sponsored by
Negative Land.









R.T. Mark
If you're on the internet,
do yourself a favor and go to this address.
www.
One word, R.T. Mark
That's R-T-M-A-R-K
.com
R.T. Mark .com
In the meantime,
friends, you are listening to
the subgenius radio ministry,
Hour of Slack.
And I'm about to give the address for information,
the snail mail address, that is.
Just write to
Bob at
postofficebox140306
Once again, that's
box140306
Dallas, Texas
75214
box140306
Close encounters of the fourth kind are by far the most frightening.
Abductions of human beings by aliens.
According to those who claim to have been abducted,
they're transported by a beam of light aboard a spacecraft,
set up on an examination table, surrounded by strange creatures,
probed and prodded as tissue and fluid samples are taken,
and then returned to the point from which they were abducted,
most often with little or no recollection of what happened.
The one thing they know for certain is that minutes, even hours,
have passed that they can't account for.
This form of amnesia is known as missing time.
Uh, yes, friends, and this music in the background is known as Gehenna.
Gehenna.



It's a band called Gehenna, an album called Malice,
and the song is Made to Suffer.
Actually, I think it's a whole album side, you might say.
It's a long operatic Germanic death rock or power metal,
gloom, speed thrash metal type song.
And friends, friends, I've got all these documentary recordings,
of the XX Day Adventurers, that I would love to share with y'all.
And I've been editing the videotape of all that, and I'm debating,
is it worthwhile to try to share one of those,
you had to have seen the video things, with a radio audience?
Or should I just, I don't know.
You know, even though I'm a holy man, sometimes I find myself in doubt.
In doubt, my friend.
I'm not knowing which way to go.
And at times like this, if you're like me,
there's only one thing to do, and that's to just dive right into the bowl of Bob's great big pot.
Let him light you up and inhale your burnt fragmentary smoke into his lungs,
and absorb you into his bloodstream, so that you rush to his brain,
so that for one billionth of a nanosecond,
Bob Dobbs,
notices you.
And Bob Dobbs could notice you, friend,
if you would just write to Bob at
Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
www.subgenius.com
And there's not an O in subgenius.
Ah, yeah.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
Bob?
Get down the rope and go!
Run after the whole baby!
Turn out your knees!
Oh!


Yeah, he's been hopping to the barbershop with more slack!
I gotta have my slack.
Give it to me!
Yeah!
Praise Bob!
Hey!
On top of that smokey!
All covered with sand!
All covered in smoke!




I shot my boy teacher with a red rubber band.
I shot her with pleasure.
I shot her with fleas.
I couldn't have missed her.
She was 40 feet wide.
I went to her funeral.
I went to her grave.
Everybody threw flowers where I threw a grenade.
The police came and got me and put me in jail.
I brought a bazooka and shot him to H-E-L-L.
You can find out the truth.
They beat me every day.
It's a hell of a day.
They forced you to sleep on boards.
They put me in a place.
They put me in a place.
It's alright that you stay in the house.
When the subgeniuses came in, they took all my furniture.
I'm going to the hospital.
They wanted to buy me this neck brace that I can't take off now.
They said it was a living being.
Bring the upper lip down below the upper teeth.
Be sure to keep it down until the fingers are in position.
At each corner of the mouth, insert a thumb under...
