The moral climax of this, the culminating and final war for human liberty has come.
And they are ready to put their own strength, their own, they are ready to put, they are ready
to put their own strength, they are ready to put their own strength to the test.
Take that. Because it really ain't how much you say, it's what you say, I got no problem.
And then the reality of where you are
brings you back. Hey, what's going on here? The Self Genius Hour of
You're going down.
Chainsaw.
I have sinned against you.
My lord.
Wizzville!
Wizzville!
I saw sparks fly.
I heard jets zoom by.
I broke out in a chill.
I had the craziest thrill.
When she kissed me last night.
Wizzville!
I can out-thank you, and I can out-philosophize you.
And I'm gonna outlast you.
You think a couple of whacks to my good old boy Gus gonna get me down?
It's gonna take a hell of a lot more than that, counselor, to prove your better may.
I am like God and God like me.
I am as large as God.
He is as small as I.
He cannot above me nor I.
Beneath him be...
Selasia, 17th century.
Ah, yes.
You've been having trouble getting me down.





I've been getting any lately.
Well, tonight, dear friends, we're gonna explain why.
Yeah, like you suspected, it's the conspiracy that done it.
That, and maybe you oughta take a shower now and then.
Some hour of slack shows like last week's, dear friends, are all pleasant.
They're all slack-oriented shows.
You still funny subgenius stuff.
And others, like tonight, are, uh, educational.
And, uh, you know, I'm not gonna lie.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
I'm gonna give you a little bit of a taste of what's in the, uh, in the sense of cons...
true conspiracy hate.
There we go.
Friends, like any good and decent religion, our church of the subgenius is, uh, fanatical
about traditional family values.
That is, if you're inclined to be married.
Nothing wrong with staying single.
Uh.
But for those true yeti mates, true yeti mates, dear friends, who must get hitched
and have a litter or two, the subgenius fully extended nuclear family is all important.
The nuclear family, of course, is, uh, mom, dad, sis, and junior, and Rover and Pookie.
The subgenius extended nuclear family is, uh, a little bit more than just a family.
It also includes, uh, auntie, uncle, grandma, gramps, cousins, in-laws, and close friends...
and their dogs.
The subgenius fully extended nuclear family is even more loving and nurturing for it widens
to also include mom's boyfriends and dad's girlfriends.
And their fully extended families.
So you see that, uh, while traditional, uh, conspiracy...
morality, dear friends, uh, says that the core nuclear family is threatened by what
is, uh, essentially more love, the subgenius sees it as enriched.
Subgeniuses, uh, you see, as a result of the healthy exploitation of their own hate squared.
That's the hate of the hate, dear friends.
Uh.
Uh.
Subgeniuses are much more than just a family.
They're much more romantic, loving, horny, and consequently more friendly and respectful
than humans.
Most of whom would be just as happy with Chinese-style arranged marriages for all the difference it
would make.
I mean, they're mostly interchangeable anyway, like a bunch of Barbies and cans who are different
only in coloration and wardrobe.
A pink has no true yeti mate.
It doesn't even have a true human mate.
It...
It really doesn't matter who a pink marries as long as it doesn't marry an unknowing subgenius.
Now, the conspiracy, the conspiracy of the normals, has dirtied up the concept of marriage
so terribly that many a subgenius couple who lived happily out of wedlock for fifteen years
find themselves messily divorced within a year of finally tying the knot.
Uh.
It's not that they have changed.
It's that they allowed conspiracy expectations into their relationship and that has contaminated
it.
This is one reason that we strongly urge couples to experience several subgenius short-duration
marriages and consummations before letting conspiracy legalities and legal contracts
enter the picture.
A hundred short-dur-mares, or short-duration marriages, even at retail, are considered

to be far cheaper than one conspiracy divorce.
The rules, you see, were made by idiots who thought that there should be some.
They were wrong.
And your duty is to experiment until you find what works for you.
Just remember to use that rubber until we get the AIDS cures released.
And believe us, friends, we're working on it.
I mean, damn those conspiracy fascist things.

Those racist black hearts for inventing AIDS.
And you know why they invented it, aside from trying to rid whole continents of troublesome
non-technoids.
They knew that it would severely damage the chances for true yeti mates to connect.
And nothing makes people more defiant of basic conspiracy authoritarian church-state rule
than true love.
A million reasons.
The most common reason why these rioting drug addicts are far less of a threat to the
new world order than are a handful of subgenius couples who are really in love.
They may not cause as much structural damage, it's their indifference that's so damaging
to the accepted order.
They set an example that others want to follow.
That's why the left-hand side of the conspiracy, the quote, liberal permissive side, does it
best to repress true love using its special weapons, movies, commercials, and so forth,
that barrage our society with a fantasy world.
An endless tease in which love exists only for tragedy and sex is something you do to
be cool.
Sex becomes associated not with love, nay, but with approved looks, clothes, taste in
music, and hairdo.
Well, I say that's a bunch of holy hooey, my friends!
A bunch of holy hooey, indeed!
In Stone Age tribal situations, falling in love is discouraged, while all manner of sex,
wild sex, is encouraged, because in a tribal situation, love hinders survival, whereas
you want as many babies around as possible.
But you also encounter this in novels of technological societies.
Like 1984 in Brave New World.
Or in Russia.
Or China.
Or the Bible Belt.
Where the full power and authority of a totalitarian state is aimed at crushing the self-assertive
individualism of romantic love, and such love is a punishable offense.
Because, see, people in love blow everything else off.
Happy people don't need the state or the church telling them what to do.

They're doing just fine, thank you.
So when you see people trying to tell you how to think and do according to church rules
or state laws, you are seeing people so unhappy they literally cannot admit that they are
unhappy at all.
It's real confused in America, dear friends.
Because on one hand, the con-con, that's the conservative con, or con squared, is pushing
what they call traditional love.
Traditional family values.
What they mean is playing by the rules.
Be normal.
Don't ask for too much.
Then the other hand of the con, well it's actually the same hand really, it's the beer
companies and the TV companies and cigarette and movie companies, and they're all owned
by the same consortiums, saying, oh screw love, just have sex and a good time.
But only if you're good looking.
If you drink Miller beer and you just won the game and Bon Jovi's playing, then it's
time to party with wild abandon and be cool like a rock star and act like you don't care
what happens to anybody.
Man I could see that hammering away at my kids.
And thus, this rant, dear friend.
The civilizations of the past had some really weird ideas about sex too.
There's a chapter in this book.
Uh.
The Psychology of Romantic Love by Nathaniel Brandon.
Who aside from writing this book I understand was quite a screwed up person himself.
But this book has a section in it which is short and to the point, but painfully clear
and accurate.
We're going to read just a little bit of this history here.
See if I can shift accents so that you know what's book.


And what's, what's me.
The message of Christianity and non-sexual love.
The central thrust of this new religion, Christianity, was a profound ascetism, an intense hostility
to human sexuality, and a fanatical scorn of earthly life.
Hostility to pleasure.
Above all to sexual pleasure was not merely one tenet among many of this new religion.
It was central and basic.
The church's hostility to sex was rooted in its hostility to physical, earthly existence
and its view that physical enjoyment of life on earth necessarily meant spiritual evil.
Now while such doctrines were already present in the Roman world.
In the doctrines of stoicism, neoplatonism, and oriental mysticism, Christianity mobilized
the sentiments behind such doctrines, capitalizing on the growing revulsion against the mindless
decadence of the time and offering the appeal of the cleansing and purifying acid.
The body is only a prison in which the soul is trapped.
It's the body that drags a person down to sin, to the quest for pleasure, to sexual
lust.
Christianity upheld to men and women an ideal of love that was consistently selfless and
non-sexual.
Love and sex were in effect proclaimed to stand at opposite poles.
The source of love was God.
The source of sex was in effect the devil.
The source of sex was in effect the devil.
Now get this friends.
It is good for a man not to touch a woman, taught Saint Paul.
But if men lack the necessary self-control, then let them marry, for it is better to marry
than to burn with lust.
Oh dear friends, the sickening, sickening, the horror, the horror.
The sickening, sickening, the horror.
The sickening, sickening, the horror.
Sexual abstinence was proclaimed the moral ideal.
Marriage, later described as a medicine for immorality, was Christianity's reluctant
concession to the depravity of human nature that made this ideal actually obtainable.
The medieval church was obsessed with sex to a quite painful degree.

Sexual issues dominated its thinking in a manner which we would regard as entirely
pathological.
It's hardly too much to say that the ideal which it held out to Christians was primarily
a sexual ideal.
This ideal was a highly consistent one and was embodied in a most elaborate code of regulations.
The Christian code was based, quite simply, on the conviction that the sexual act was
to be avoided like the fire.
The religious school rules throughout the Fluct Nations were the same for anyone separated
from the liminal summit of quite a sum fool.
Vdd, however, could icons for the race to even still exist in the Christmas calendar,
which made cameo Lucy Marx, Richardивают's dearly belovedla Item and obey the ndan
the commonuhan seeds.
Vdd, therefore, was established around the cone of doğal abstinence.
ndanήrsthatta兒
performance to the minimum, that is to restrict it exclusively to the function of procreation.
It was not actually the sexual act which was damnable, but the pleasure derived from it,
and this pleasure remained damnable even when the act was performed for the purpose of procreation.
Not only the pleasure of the sexual act was held sinful, but also the sensation of desire
for a person of the opposite sex, even when unconsummated.
Since the love of a man for a woman was held to be simply desire, this led to the incontrovertible
proposition that no man should love his wife.
In fact, Peter Lombard maintained that for a man to love his wife too ardently is a sin
worse than adultery.
It was not a great sin in the eyes of the medieval church for a priest to fornicate
with a whore, but for a priest to fall in love and marry, that is for his sex life to
be integrated as an expression of his total person, was a cardinal offense.
It is significant that the church's most ferocious wrath was reserved not for fornication, but
for...
Now wait a minute, can I say this on the radio?
Are there any Christians listening?
Masturbation.
Masturbation.
It is through masturbation that a human being first discovers the sensual potential of his
or her own body.
Moreover, it is an entirely selfish act in that it's performed solely for the benefit
of the person involved.
It is the act through which many an individual first encounters the possibility of an ecstasy
entirely different from the ecstasy promised by religion.
The church's essential anti-sexualism was paralleled by an essential anti-sexualism.
It was the act of anti-feminism.
With the rise of Christianity in medieval Europe, women lost virtually all the rights
they had won under the Romans.
They were regarded in effect as vassals of the male, to whom they were to be entirely
subordinate.
More precisely, they were regarded as domesticated animals.
There were disputes as to whether or not women possessed souls.
The proper relationship of woman to man was a matter of course.

The only relationship of man according to Christian doctrine is that of man's relationship
to God.
Just as man is to accept God as his master and submit himself unquestioningly to God's
will, so woman must recognize man as her master and submit herself unquestioningly to his
will.
That women should be entirely subordinate to man was justified in part on the ground
that Eve had been the cause of Adam's downfall and therefore the cause of all the suffering
men had to endure thereafter.
Later in the Middle Ages, a second view of woman emerged and co-existed with the first.
On the one hand, woman was symbolized by Eve, the sexual temptress, the cause of man's
spiritual downfall.
On the other hand, she existed in the images of Mary, the Virgin Mother, the symbol of
purity, the symbol of love, the symbol of love.

She was the woman who transformed and lifted man's soul upward.
The whore and the virgin have dominated the concept of woman in Western culture ever since.
To state the dichotomy in modern terms, there's the woman one desires and the woman one admires.
There's the woman one sleeps with and the woman one marries.
In its attitude towards women too, Christianity exhibited this same vision of woman's
profound antagonism to a love relationship that integrates desire and admiration, physical
and spiritual values, and which is based on the essential equality of the partners.
On the deepest level, Christianity has always been a fierce opponent of romantic love.
The pursuit of one's values, the exercise of one's judgment in the conduct of one's
life and the enjoyment of sexual pleasure, all are acts of self-assertion entailed in
the choice and experience of a romantic relationship.
All were condemned by Christianity.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
From a little history thing, from the psychology of romantic love by Nathaniel Brandon, which
we just sort of stumbled upon.
Ah, yes, ah, yes.
And, uh, well, uh, where are we at here?
You see, dear friends, I guess all through history, you see religion and philosophy,
all this basically mental, made-up stuff used to keep the simple, physical side of life
down.
To make it look good.
And dirty and bad.
Where is the slack, my friends?
Where is the slack?
Why, in this tapestry of human history, did no civilization simply accept slack for what
it was?
Why did every culture take something so pure and simple and then complicate it compulsively
until it was com-complicated and regulated out of existence?
You know, you get the impression that, well, friends, I think that those who knew slack
probably got it and just didn't say.
They didn't talk about it.
Because it was that serious.
I mean, you know, you could get killed for it.
Couldn't let the neighbors know you were getting real slack.
And so the slack-filled really have never left as much documentation as the anti-slack
forces.
Because, for some reason, those have greatly outnumbered the slack forces.
Of course, the slack forces aren't forces at all, just individuals.
I guess that's what it is.
There's always been more groups than individuals.
Man, I mean, wasn't it supposed to be the other way around?
I mean, am I missing something?
Or are we just now beginning to get it?
To wake up and realize what's going on?

What the fuck do you want, just to bonehead all the locker rooms with those victors or

Or they're just gonna70 0000 balanced out at the end?
You don't know what's going on rhythmically.
I mean, I'm only doing love.
I don't know if that thing will completely shake, or just, dude, shutBack?
Yeah, hell no, would if I consider that my legacy.
And the only nicely sized thing I think any random man could have any hope are those
same fat millionaires.
I guess.
but uh...
it is good for a man
not to touch a woman
taught Saint Paul
but if men lack the necessary control then let them marry for it is better to marry
than to burn with lust
and the way women were kept down by these uh... faiths
or at least kept apart
you know women were often I think forced into the subgenius role because
well they could develop their own little world
they were kept apart
but they had to kind of keep quiet about it
oh thus the fear of witches all through history
you know come on guys I can hear them saying why can't you just
can't we just have a partnership here
but some guys I think are threatened by women
women
women folk
because of the power
that women hold over them
without being bigger and stronger they still have this magic power over guys
because they're so pretty
and in most cultures guys are constantly feeling threatened all the time
constantly feeling this endless challenge to their coolness and manhood
I don't know man some maybe maybe it's just bad toilet training
uh
maybe it's just been bad toilet training throughout history
makes all these people so terribly uptight about everything
god I hate it man
I mean cause they've affected me
they've made me uptight about things that I knew I shouldn't have to feel uptight about
I mean at least I knew that much praise Bob
one can get one's instincts back in line if you're willing to
go out on a limb
but the damn church
the damn state
the damn others?
the damn society?

Darn them others!
Darn them others!
Now some would say that this terrible hierarchy is mimicked in parents and children where
the parents are the fascists.
Just terrible fascists over the children.
But that's different.
Parents have to be fascists over children because children are children.
I say spare the no when you really mean no and spoil the child.
But all these poor kids, messed up, growing into messed up grown ups and there's so many
of them.
That's what's considered normal.
It's considered normal and sensible to pray and sacrifice to invisible beings every Sunday.
Did you ever read that classic science fiction novella, The Marching Morons?
Where in that story it's like...
Because natural selection no longer is getting rid of the dummies, there's no longer anybody
but dummies in this future world.
Except for a few people with what we would call normal intelligence who secretly run
things and keep the world from falling into barbarism.
But they can't let on that they do that or the dumb people will kill them.
Man, I hate that.


I hate to feel that way.
Because I don't feel particularly super smart.
And that's the whole point of subgenius.
It's just common sense.
Common sense, that's all we ask.
Just live and let live.
But they just don't get it.
They can't.
I sound like an elitist sometimes.
That's what's so sad.
You can't imagine how I fought that concept when I was younger.
I was a kid.



I was an author.
I so wanted everybody to be created equal.
But...
Man, the contrast is just too obvious.
When one...
And one finds oneself doing this gigantic cartoon of all that.
It's like that old subgenius saw.
Think how dumb the average person is.
Well, by definition, half of them are dumber than that.
And I don't mean in terms of book learning.
I mean in terms of being able to read a book.

in either, far from it, I just mean in terms of living, you know, just being able to deal
with reality and other beings, I mean, think how much you goof up, then think how much
worse so many other people goof up, you just, it's really frightening, you just, you get
to where you just have to feel this giant pity for everybody, but at the same time,
by gobs, slack is out there too, and you know, jeepers, if we weren't alive, we wouldn't
get any slack, wouldn't get any of it, and if you didn't have problems, you wouldn't
be able to appreciate the slack when you had it, so I guess it's balance, it's balance,
it's balance, it's balance, it's balance, it's balance, it's balance, it's balance,

Aren't we humans amazing, sitting here telling each other, telling ourselves over and over
again that everything's okay?
This is highfalutin philosophizing, signifying, you might say, what I'm doing, friends, because
in that this is basic stuff, it's the real, real stuff, and we must express our frustration
with the ugly.
others, particularly those of us who do have access to complete slack if only they'd
leave us alone.
And you know, if you think about how merciful we are to them, what nice people we are not
to have become maniacal terrorists or something, or serial killers, how patient we are.
You know, they should just give us Bob and Frop for free.
They shouldn't just make them legal, they ought to give it to us.
If they knew how many of their lives had been spared, I hate to think what somebody like
me, well, like me, not me, but like me with a little less slack and support, no Bob, no
Frop.
Man, that's where all manner of nasty characters come from.
Some people fall into these, you know, leadership or ambitious little Hitler roles, starting
when they're kids.
For some of them, they're just a bunch of little kids.
For some of them, their idea of asserting their existence and making up for rejection
in kindergarten.
If they're nice subgenius or Frophead types, their idea of revenge on the world is to start
a band or something.
Or maybe they start a real nice bicycle repair shop and achieve slack that way and achieve
great pride knowing they've gotten the last laugh on the rat race.
But when there's no slack and no support, no Frop, man, and they're not satisfied until
they're leading an army.
And since most of them don't fall into that weird luck like Saddam Hussein and George
Bush, they have to lead little armies, gangs and nasty corporations and hate-filled church
groups and sheriff's departments and pogroms.
You know, it's because the Yetis aired Dear Friends while creating humanity in that test
tube in Atlantis.
We left a blank programming spot next to the squirt and ooze glands in the humans.
And I'm not going to lie.
I don't know if you can type anything into that blank and make them squirt or ooze to
that.
I mean, they won't really squirt or ooze, but their brain will think it's getting the
same reward.
Their Kundalini isn't activated in the slightest.
They just get the slobbering pleasure center switch thrown, just the one at the very top,
with nothing else lit up beneath it.
It's unhealthy, man.
Well, we're going to have to go to soccer.
I can't go out.

Anyway, I'm going to say goodbye to your show in just a minute here, Dear Friends.
But, in the meantime, I should point out a couple of special local events coming up.
There's a revival of Subgenius D Vival July 9.
Some people have been hearing about that at Chumley's.
Now I ain't going to be there.
I'm going to be out of town.
Sorry.
I'd love to preach but Pastor Buck naked will be there and Tracy Shook and
Boy Daddy is actually I think organizing this and it's it's an ACLU. Oh what music
have what what what music have you been listening to in the background the
Doctors for Bob stuff was in fact one of Doctors for Bob that was a Saint Bern
martyr Jean splice who I think I may start up again here in the background I
believe there's a little bit of movie soundtrack and also Nina Rota's
soundtrack for eight and a half just then dear friends but tough
you know it's frightening the things that fall into that blank in the humans
squirt glance
area like instead of the opposite sex they can be trained easily trained to
respond to high-heeled shoes or Jim Jones voice or even Bob Dobbs face for
God's sake now actually I've never run into anybody that messed up but strange
strange things can land in that blank now to me you know I don't know
man but fallen even falling in love with another man makes more sense than falling
in love with women's shoes I don't get me wrong but I mean really really but I
know y'all love it when we present these historical perspectives on our show here
and the sad implications about human nature and gullibility that make it so
disturbing but yet so disturbing.
so juicy and you know we wouldn't pick on Christianity except that that's the
one that picks on us the most it's always in our face Islam is the same way
there's all this beautiful literature beautiful stuff in the Bible and in the
Islamic text and then it's mixed up with the craziest just I mean it's like the
Church of the subgenius you know one minute it makes perfect sense and then
the next minute you're going haha are these guys for real?
I mean give me a break!
oh it's frightening how easy it is to make a religion dear friends I was almost
driven to do it I never thought I'd make a lot of money but Bob just showed us this
stuff and I realized man this is just begging to all be put together into one huge manifesto
Bob was right it writes itself even the business and administrative aspects are like a manifesto.



I like that too all the phone calls and answers in the mail they're part of the big canvas
as much as I like to gripe about them and it's like a gigantic painting you know where
you don't know what all the details will be when you start but you know how you want it
to look overall and I do know how it should look overall dear friends it should make Bob
Dobbs look real good.
Bob Dobbs.
It should make him real good it's gonna make them real bad.
testing If you wanna see what wild NPR is I sunlight
down

here
But it's alright now, it's a gift
But it's alright, don't you have to ask if it's a gift
I don't need anything but two things in my head
I don't need somebody to touch my heart
But it's alright now, it's a gift
But it's alright, don't you have to ask if it's a gift
I don't need somebody to touch my heart
I don't want to let go of you
Why would I fall right to your head
Just from my head
But it's alright now, don't you have to ask if it's a gift
But it's alright
There could be bad다가's with the disgust
Thank you.
Thank you.
Slack, dear friends.
It's Jumpin' Jack Flash, obviously, by a band called Left Nut.
Ah, yes.
Bob!
Ellen?
Oh, my God!
I mean, Bob!
Right.
Uh...
On Jordan's storm and flash, I'll start.
Oh, who will come with me?
I'm bound for the promise, ain't I?
I'm bound for the promise.
I'm bound for the promise.
Wee!
Kiss me, baby.
Kiss me.
Let's go!
Kiss me, kiss me, baby!
Let's go!
One more time, baby!
Let's go!
When I kiss her
I fly out to space
I hear the wildest sound
She sends me through that place
That crazy, crazy place
Let's go!
On a dark, blustery night
Came a large, fiery ship
From nowhere
Seeking knowledge
But only finding truth
The sex bomb
Strange dark pavilion
Incredible sex bomb
Here's a tale that is hard to analyze
See, Dr. Huey was sent to examine
The flesh bomb's girth when it's eyes
Cause it didn't have any eyes
And the dark thing gave him a rise
And behind closed doors
You could hear his humble cries
Hey!
Don't hear me, Sam!
Don't hear me, Sam!
Don't hear me, Sam!
Don't hear me, Sam!
Don't hear me, Sam!
Don't hear me, Sam!

What is that?
Hey!
Hey!

What's that?
What?
Hey!
He's got a great life
The incredible sex bomb
Spent six boys dead
Large and bulbous
He kept it in a bed
Out in the backyard
Where the weeds grow free
They fell in love, you see
That large, fleshy thing
The doctor's best friend
When he caressed a fleshy lump
Wouldn't take much more play
Before he commenced to hum
The sex bomb
Don't let the fuse on the sex bomb
Please, Dr. Reed, don't let the fuse on the sex bomb
Don't let the fuse
Don't let the fuse
Don't let the fuse on the sex bomb
Don't let the fuse on the sex bomb
Don't let the fuse on the sex bomb
And now we begin.
Oh, yes.
Strange Dr. Huey.
That last song.
By a band from Little Rock, Arkansas
called Groove Handle.
Wonderful, wonderful work by Groove Handle.
And I guess that song is about
our own subgenius
friend, Hell Pope Huey.
I can't imagine who else it would be.
I mean, what?
That's a...
Not the Hell Pope...
Not St. Huey of Dallas,
but Hell Pope Huey of...
now of Little Rock.
And I guess it's a biographical song.
That makes sense.
Yeah, sure.
Why not?
Well, where are we?
Well, we've got 15 minutes of show left.
I've got other...
All kinds of other things.
Oh, ouch.
Okay, that's a little bit loud.
I've got some poetry here.
We don't do poetry readings very often on this show,
but I've just got the cutest little poetry.
Fang here by Psychotex of Fort Worth, Texas.
Or Kevin E. White, I suppose, is the name.
Weasel Boy is the name of the magazine.
And here's the poem.
Bagged me a couple of rats.
The other night at my girlfriend's insistence,
I didn't really want to do it.
The boogers don't bother me.
Christ, that's what the cat is for.
But the girlfriend is scared to death of all rodents.
Just mention the word rat or squirrel,
and she gets all nervous,
like she's about to wet her panties.
I gave them a proper burial, though,
dropped them into a paper grocery sack,
and set it out on the curb.
Now, I know that death is serious business.
Death doesn't play around.
But I couldn't help myself.
I picked one of them up by the tail,
twirled him around a bit,
and asked my buddy if he was up
for a little game of rap toss.
I told you that was a nice little poetry there
from Weasel Boy, Kevin E. White of Psychotex.
Ha ha ha.
Because as a dad of the,
uh, Portland Dad's New Slacks Hour Slack Show,
Portland, Maine,
says,
a dupe knows that people will be kind
if you give them the chance.
A subgenius feels that people will be unkind
if you give them the chance.
The system hopes for a miracle
after everything else has failed.
The church hopes for a miracle,
before anything has been tried.
A subgenius is not afraid to contradict himself
when faced with a contradictory situation.
A pink boy is more concerned with being consistent
than with being right.
Bob feels cheated if he gives more than he gets.
Bobby feels he's simply building up his own life,
and he's giving up credit for the future.
The walking somnambulax prides himself on his independence
when he is merely being contrary,
and prides himself on his teamwork
when he is merely being conformist.
The subgenius employs his defects
in the service of his assets,
and subverts his assets in the service of his defects.
The devil recognizes that the only way to save him,


The only true authority is moral authority.
A god tries to assume more external authority
than his character can handle.
Stang focuses.
Connie sprays.
Bob never tries to hurt people,
and does so only rarely when it serves a higher purpose.
Dad never wants to hurt people intentionally,
but does so all the time without even knowing it.
A mediocritan thinks there are rules for winning and losing.
A subgenius knows that every rule in the book
can be broken, except one.
He is a genius, but he can't be a genius.
And there it was broken, dear friends...
Will the circle be unbroken?
Oh, lordy, lord, lord.
Oh, lordy, lord, lord, lord.
Well, I could...
In fact I will...
I've got the most wonderful little newspaper clip in here.
You know, we did a big show in Cleveland,
the Subgenius Revival,
D-Vival, I should say. Lovely subgenius D-Vival in Cleveland about three weeks ago at a place
called the Smart Bar. And here's a newspaper review of it. I'm not going to read you the
whole review because it was actually quite long. And it's written by this guy named Michael Heaton,
the Minister of Culture. It's in Friday Magazine of the Cleveland Plain Dealer. This guy is like,
he really is the Minister of Culture in Cleveland. He's the arbiter of hipness
for the main city paper, you know, the entertainment section. His is the word of
God for those who believe in such things in the cultural world. And he basically, he liked,
he likes the church, I think, although that's not, that's a moot point. We really don't care
what he likes.
But he did have some sort of perceptive observations, mainly about the crowd.
And I quote here from his review, my mission that night was to get a handle on the subgenius crowd.
This is at a bar where we're a big, fancy, very, very fancy, high buck, groovy, you know,
fashionable bar in Cleveland where we were doing this rather well-publicized show.
From appearances, they were hard to figure.
At first glance, they looked hippie-esque. But there was also a nerdy quality to them.
And it was hard to know if the dorkiness was intentional or not.
They looked like the result of a genetic experiment that crossbred dead heads with star trekkers.
Many had long hair and bangles. But there was also a science fiction scent about them.
It looked like a self-help meeting of rockers.
Rockers.


Who read too much.
And that is not a bad description of a cross-section of a subgenius crowd.
If he had stopped and talked to them all very closely, he'd find that half of them were indeed
stupid bobbies, but that the other half would be, well, that's what he won't admit.
The other half made him feel stupid.
A little of this went a long way.
This is after describing the show.
Describes Reverend Stang's rant.
That's me.
And how everybody would shout,
Praise Bob whenever I catch to stop my breath.
Which is a lie, actually.
And any time anything spontaneous happened, like a stage light going on or off,
or Stang found a piece of paper he was looking for,
he shouted, It's a miracle, and the crowd cheered all the louder.
That's not very charitable and not true at all.
But I know where he's coming from.
He has to represent the pink's sense of insulation from these things.
Anyway, he says,
A little bit of this went a long way.
After only a couple of hours, I felt pretty stupid and must have looked that way
because smart bar proprietress Angela Verdun came over and gave me a smart drink on the house.
I walked back to the lounge area of the bar where I spoke with Gobi,
a long-standing devotee of the subgenius cult.
And, uh, hi, Gobi.
Gobi runs the show in Rochester, New York.
Hi, Rochester.
She offered a synopsis.
She said,
I don't know why they keep dragging Star Trek into this.
They're intellectual misfits, she said.
Some of them may in fact be geniuses,
but they're so messed up they can't make use of their genius.
They're the kind of people who have never fit in anywhere
and as a result have spent a lot of time alone making video or audio tapes,
playing with computers, doing postal art,
reading science fiction, or watching Star Trek.
I don't know why they keep dragging Star Trek into this.
Deep down inside, they're really messed up because of something that happened to them
a long time ago when they were kids.
Something really traumatic, I asked, suddenly full of compassion.
Or not so traumatic, Gobi replied.
Like having to wear glasses.
Oh yes, dear friends, and uh,
Whoa, where's my background?
Where's my background?
There it is.
Ah.
Oh yes.
Um.
Before I go too much farther, I suppose I should let you know
just what you've been listening to if this is the first time you accidentally turned in, tuned in.
And I love to think of people who are just driving down the road
and, and uh, scanning the dial and they hear a little bit of this
and they go, that sounds like a crazy, crazy religious program.
And then they listen for a minute
and, and they pull over to the side of the road
and they call us here at the station and go,
what are you?
What are you?
I've been waiting for this radio show all my life.
And we tell them and they always forget to listen next week because you're drunk, aren't you?
Ah, yeah, I know.
I know how it is.
I'm not.
Lips that will touch, that have touched the bottle will never touch mine.
That's what I say.
Uh, but um, I understand.
Believe me.
Yes, believe, oh, and as I was gonna say, you can get free information.



From and about the church of the subgenius,
because that's what you're listening to.
This is the radio ministry
of the church of the subgenius.
The Hour of Slack
radio ministry.
And you can get free information about all the many, many other activities and things of the church.
If you will but write to this post office box number.
Do you have that pencil ready?
I bet you do.
You can't hide from Bob, dear friends.
You cannot hide from Bob.
Because Bob is at post office box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
And I'll give that again.
Now that you know I'm really doing it.
It's Bob.
I'm not Bob.
I'm just, I'm just a preacher for Bob, friend.
But you can get your message to Bob and he'll send you a lot of free stuff.
Catalogs and things.
Information in return.
From Bob at post office box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Ah, yes.
And uh, how's it going?
I'd especially like to thank uh, Dr. Gene Splice.
Who provided all the Doctors for Bob music that has been heard in the background.
Oh yes.
You can't hear your own ears, dear friends.
But listening real close to this show is probably about as close to that ideal as you're ever, ever, ever gonna get.
And I think we'll just close out with this lovely piece of music.
Which is somehow in keeping with the idea of the show.
With the overall theme of tonight's show.
This has been your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Praise Bob and let there be Slice.
I had once more, he peeps.
Just had some boys.
She's got more to play with in the way of toys.
Ladies eyes go off and on with her finger full of glue.
Her lips are drawn upon her face and come to me tattoo.
Creamy suntan color that face.
Fades when she prays.
Paper dresses catch on fire.
And you lose her in a haze.
Don't you ever change, lady.
He likes you that way.
Because he's just had his hair done and he wants to use her wig.
He's going off the drug because his veins are getting big.
He wants to sell his paintings.
But the market is slow.
They're only paying him two grams now.
For a one-man abstract.
They're making the change.
I won't take back her voice.




Oh yeah.
He's notice I think you're a NBC star.

But really the bullshit about your, a, you're making almighty heart damage.
You are your own best toy to play with
remote control hand
Made for each other
Made in Japan
A woman with a greasy heart
Automatic man
Don't ever change people
Your face will hit the fan
Don't ever change people
Even if you can
Don't change before the empire falls
You've laughed so hard you cracked the walls
You say goodbye for I may never see you again
Diamond plus, it be diamond
Thifer in the middle of a laboratory
Two oz of親 ado
I'm back. It's time for the fun part of our program. We've got a most amazing pile of
profundities here for you, but more embarrassing than any of these is the battle of the callers.
In just a few minutes, I'm going to give out that secret call number once again,
and those of you who already know it will have a little bit of a jump on the ones that don't,
and we'll have the battle of the callers in the slathering red-hot mud tub,
then hot buttered martinis for the winner, and a six-year jail term for the lizard.
So let's get going and enter the pit of embarrassment.
Okay, kid-a-roonies, it's number one, the battle with the giant squid. So lower them down,
and let's hope those suck.
Those with their little spikes inside don't lacerate his flesh too much,
so they can't enjoy what's about to happen to all he loves.
And so the sad sub-dinis went on their way into the future, which was sort of scary.
Poor baby.
They had to start the tape histories all over again, because all the other tapes were not there anymore.
That's when all the neighborhood housewives were talking about Mr. Dobbs. They knew he was a
loner.
They knew he was a loner and unhappy, in need of tenderness.
Mr. Dobbs called for you this afternoon.
He did?
Yes.
Well, I wasn't there. I had to go out. I was going to go out and have dim sum, but my audition turned out to be better than I thought.
Please, please, please, please, please.
As for this other young bit of fluff, the thunderstorm will wash her right down the drain.
Isn't she just a passing fancy, a little vulgar, and really too old for him anyway?
Uh-huh.
Hmm?
Yep.
Folks, I'm a loner and unhappy, in need of tenderness.
So, all you unmarried ladies out there, my address is 2746 King Street, Bennington, West Virginia.
The ground of grass.
Any Amy sort of Sarah?
Hey, Gary!
Hey, Gary!
Miss Joanne.
Are you listening, Gary?
Bong cuckoo.
Can you hear the bong cuckoo show of the hour?
You know, it's wonderful that we get to go over to Castle Cabofram, but it's causing a serious problem for me.
24-hour Xerox shop up the street, they're listening.
Wow, I didn't know that. I thought they shut it up.
Can they get paid on pearl frisbees?
No!
Oh, excuse me.
You know, as I said, I have to teach troubled teens tomorrow.
Ah!
And, uh, this way I'm not gonna have any trouble.
I'm not gonna have any sleep.
If we go over to Cabofrat's, I mean...
It'll be quite the problem.
Oh, what'll I do?
And then suddenly it was dawn.
And after that, I have to go to a clean and sober party.
Oh, I'll have to hobnob over a barrel of ginger ale with my peers, who have all given up
doing all the things that I still do.
The special Alli Meady stuff?
Way out in...
Way out in Alli Meady.
Yeah.
It's just the...
It's just the...










It's just the way it is.
Well, it was described in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle.
You know, we messed up the whole time stream with that dumb time travel experiment.
That's right.

