The poltergeist is working tonight because one of these tape decks won't turn off.
Get your finger out of the hole there, Dr. Stang. You're liable to hurt yourself.
There you go.
Well, let's turn on the dampers and see if we can get the nuclear power plant started here, Doctor.
I'm anxious to take off.
Would you get all those guys out of the other side there, please?
What'd you do, Doctor?
Central control processor off.
There, central control is on, Doctor.
Good, good. Okay, you want to close the watertight doors here?
Yeah, oh, watch out for that squid, man. There's a prairie squid right by the door.
Speaking of which...
And inject some of those collar soles, would you, into the retribution chamber?
Primary and secondary circuit tests commencing now.
Well, we really...
Swine 2 has a prayer request. Is that so, a friend?
Well, tell them to pray.
That's right. They're just going to have to pray.
Oh, yes, dear friends, and we could say this was Hour of Slack number 1,649,
but actually it's a rerun of the classic Hour of Slack number 40,
combined with number 722 around the year 2001.
Actually, Hour of Slack 40 would have been from 1986,
and stars G. Gordon Gordon and myself,
and the subject is prairie squid.
Hour of Slack 40
Hour of Slack 40
Hour of Slack 40
Hour of Slack 40
Not good chicken, man.
conviction
Am conqu Alice

A musician, if you consider the normal pattern of modern civilized life, is on the outside of it all.
He doesn't build things, he doesn't work regular hours like a decent God-fearing citizen,
and the life he leads in many ways seems useless and irrelevant to those of us who prefer a quiet evening in front of the television and a bottle of beer.
Amazing as it might seem to some of us, musicians have basic physical needs, just like real people.
If I could just get my hands on a big, fat, juicy prairie squid.
Oh, yeah!
Prairie squid, prairie squid
Prairie squid, prairie squid
Prairie squid, prairie squid
Prairie squid, prairie squid
Well, we're going to, probably half of our audience doesn't even know.
What is that?
Half of our audience has probably never seen.
Well, you left the airlock open.
That's what that is.
Oh, kill the airlock.
Yeah, well.
Okay.
Okay.
Friends, let me tell you something.
First off, number one.
Let's get serious about this, Doctor.
First of all.
Cassette deck two.
It's not working.
And the ports on the starboard side are completely.
That's okay.
We're losing air fast, and we're going to have to try to keep up with it.
Well, I'll open up this big blue cylinder of church air over here, Doctor.
Ah, yes.
Have a look.
Now I feel considerably better.
Ah, yes.
I'm in this church air.
Oh, yes.
Praise God.
I feel that church air now.
Do you feel it?
Friends, can you feel it out there in the radio audience?
I bet you can.
I bet you can.
It is.
Yeah.
Reach out and feel it, friends.
And if you can't reach down and feel it, then you're going to.
And then you probably don't even know what a prairie squid is.
You probably don't even care what one tastes like.
When you were.
Now, I know about half our audience, Doctor Gordon, probably remember when they were teenage
boys and girls out in, you know, West Texas or wherever they're from, going out in the
fields and taking off their clothes and spreading some prairie squids.
And, you know, at that time you had paper jackets around and tent jackets and L soaking


What do you thing?
The men like that Ortega nice shirt.

I'm not kidding.
It wasn't right.
That's right was the winter away superstition that's with no flu just liked
one dad to the west and worst of all, they were.
You know, it wasn't little rollGrief that really worked that month because they were

Now, there is.
I'm very successful on changing the music to nativeestatcher работает Ö it got me very
upset You were getting washed away.
I had to!
Well, that's what it was.

And, you know, just to give you an example, it's just like, do you remember back when you were a kid, there were all those thousands of those little cute horny toads around?
Why do you think they called them horny toads?
Because they counter exist.
You know, they're part of a symbiotic relationship with that favorite outdoor mollusk of ours.
Yes, and dare we say the name again?
The mighty prairie squid.
Oh, yes.
And, of course, as you know, Dr. Stang, I have just come back from a fact-finding tour through the Amazonas regions of Brazil.
Yes, friends, just to fill you in exactly on what's going on here, we have as our special guest tonight Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
Yes, indeed.
The erstwhile head of the Green Hill Dobstown encampment and now commandant of Dobstown II just outside Rio de Janeiro.
Yes, friends, right on the coast where the surf is high and so is everybody else usually.
And, friends, you know, and this, what you're listening to, dear friends, is the hour of slack on NAOAN 89.9 in Dallas, Texas.
Now that the uranium has warmed up, the airlock leak has been stopped, I think it's about time we launched this show, doctor.
I can feel the mighty thrust of that show.
The mighty thrust, yeah.
As Dr. Mothersbaugh's beautiful hymn, the Bobcata, plays in the background.
And maybe if I hit this tape deck hard enough.
Hit it hard, here.
Wait a minute.
Let me shoot it for you, doctor.
Hold on.
Please do.
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
stop.
It oozes like a farm fresh prairie squid on a hot slick platter.
If you buy one, you get one free.
Big money, fast luck, all yours for only a buck.
It's so cute and cuddly.
It can smash a cow's skull with a single swipe.




right but friends this is uh we're going to focus on an endangered species that probably
you know half of you who weren't raised in the south probably don't even know what a prairie
squid is and we might as maybe we ought to identify you know just so people will know
who don't know what a prairie squid is doctor perhaps we ought to at first sort of as best we
can define our terms and say that a prairie squid is really it's a sort of a physical metaphor for
a lot of things and it's probably exactly what you think we're talking about a metaphor it's a
it's an endangered species yes i know but it used to live on prairies and the fact that most of these
callers don't even know what a prairie well they don't even know what a prairie is it's all been
covered up with most of the los colinas and all that kind of stuff right well yeah but at the
same time it is a metaphor for
example
resistance doug uh the very struggle of who's doug of the uh prairie squid
doug the guy the struggle the struggle of the poor now friends you know what you do see prairie
squids nowadays you can go to the supermarket and buy a dead cellophane wrapped plucked shaved
prairie squid yeah i mean it's shocking it's shocking to us to us old-timers i mean most of
you you you that's the only way you're ever going to see it they've never seen them
alive
i know and a lot of people don't even know that they are actually a wild animal and friends that's
such a waste because frankly frankly what the prairie squid is best used for is the sexual act
sexual congress and i i'm you know i know this may uh we don't want to offend any radio but this
is a well-known fact yeah i mean you can look in the encyclopedia under prairie under squid sub
Or subgenius, and it'll say, subgenius, see prairie squid.
Exactly.
And, you know, yes, it is.
That's its best use, and some people might find that offensive,
but they're the people that don't like to think about things like that
because sometimes they're not sure how to do things like that,
or they're afraid that somebody will laugh at them if they said that they did something like that,
that they had them a prairie squid or two.
Most of them think the prairie squid is a myth.
Oh, yeah.
They get real embarrassed if you talk about a prairie squid in polite society.
The polished ears of the rationalists.
Oh, yes.
The modernist, the so-called humanistic.
You know, if they were humanists, if they were really concerned about humanity,
they'd free the prairie squid prisoners,
and they'd quit killing prairie squids and making purses and shoes out of them.
Well, I mean, it's worse than killing whales.
For dog food, Reverend Stang, I mean, if you think about it,
I mean, at least you're benefiting some canines who would otherwise not have anything else to eat,
but the very idea of killing and tanning prairie squid and turning them into purses and basketball shoes.
It's repellent to anyone who's really lived with nature,
anyone who is really a nature-oriented person who's concerned about the environment
would, despite the stigma, despite the embarrassment,
They would be proud, Doctor.
They would be.
They would be.
Proud.
Proud.
Nay, they would find it their Bob-born duty.
Duty, my dude.
Duty, yes.
To seek out that prairie squid and protect them.
And nurture.
I mean.
And nurture that prairie squid.
I'm Grapeape.
I sing now.
I got a big fat squid in my refrigerator.
Ooh.
Ooh.
I got a big fat squid in my refrigerator.
Ooh.
Ooh.
I found him in the frozen food.
I got him five new pairs of shoes.
And now he lives in the refrigerator.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
I bought him for 99 cents a pound.
Ooh.
Shoot.
Shoot.
It costs $45, weighs 35 pounds.
Ooh.
What?
What?
I'm the cutest ape in the neighborhood.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.












Ooh.
Ooh.





























Oh, look at this.
We got a note here.
There's an anti-bob person on line two.
Anti-bob.
They all want to be.
There's a common psychosis.
This anti Messiah complex.
Well it's the only.
Well, if you get your name in the paper as an anti Messiah.
It's in the same size type.
They're just saying that so they can have their name linked with Bob.
You understand?
Exactly.
It's a hate-love relationship.
They know they aren't good enough to be Bob or to even serve Bob right.
And they're mostly anti-squid people.
You know, you see them at these squid suppression rallies.
Yeah, and no right to squid.
Burning records.
Yeah, burning records trying to stamp out prairie squid.
And those are the same kind of intolerant people who the only way they can react to something is to kill them.
If they don't understand it, they kill it.
And if they can't eat it, they make socks or shoes or something like that out of it.
There's people out there that would kill a Playboy magazine if they saw it crawling around through the bushes like a prairie squid.
Especially if they thought it would hurt.
And since they're good for the same things.
Well, except that, of course, a Playboy magazine is by no means a prairie squid, Dr. Stang.
I mean...
I'm sure that you and I know that perhaps a Playboy magazine might be employed with a prairie squid, but certainly no such thing.
Man, I've never needed a playboy, anything besides just the squid.
The squid itself is all one really needs.
A prairie squid, it's like a snail without a shell.
A really large, about a foot long.
They've got a light, they're differing variations of color of hair and how much hair, how curly it is.
Yeah, and where it's distributed and, you know, whether they're an Elon.
Or a long-gated squid or a small, squamous, flattened-out squid, you know.
And just as a snail is like one just, it's a pseudopod, it's a big foot.
A prairie squid, friends, is a huge erogenous zone.
That's all it is.
A mobile erogenous zone.
And we're not talking about one of them camper conversion kits either.
That's right.
And this is not, this isn't some chauvinistic thing because I know a lot of country girls out there know what we're talking about.
Because a prairie squid...
Well, it interfaces both ways, right?
Doctor, I mean, that's the deal.
Without expensive interfaces, you can plug right into this amazing new pet.
I mean, you don't need attachments or rubber washers or anything like that with a...
It just one serves the entire family.
And back in the old pioneer days, when they first came across this prairie from little towns up the northeast...
It was a family thing.
Yeah, sure.
You had the little prairie squid cage right there on the back of the covered wagon.
Everybody had them.
I mean, you nurtured them.
And now, now they're almost extinct.
Now, you could cruise.
You could cruise Turtle Creek from one end to the other and never find, never find an ambulating prairie squid.
About five years ago, I saw the first wild prairie squid I'd seen since my childhood running around near Glen Rose, Texas, near the power plant.
So, well, who knows?
Maybe there'll be real big glowing prairie squids in a few years.
Yeah, that's true.
Maybe there'll be mutated prairie squids, you know?
I mean, other things are changing fast and people's social habits are changing.
And perhaps one day, Doctor...
Or perhaps one day, the squid will...
The squid, if Dobbs is willing, will return in all of its glory.
After Bob comes again.
And the squid will.
The...
Yes, friends.
Yes, after Bob comes the squid.
Giant eel.
That is very nice, dancing around in my mouth.
One way or another, she's gonna get you, Doc.
Giant eel.
The squid, the live ones, their livers are quite small.
And the squids were very small.
It makes them difficult to handle, you know?
Uh-huh, I see.
I was scrambling like crazy.
Oh, so nice.
Oh, so nice.
Oh, look.
It wobbles in my mouth.
Oh, so nice.
If I had a nice cold beer...
I thought it was going to be really greasy.
This is so good.
It's really good.
It's like jelly.
This is wonderful.
Look at the fat.
Lobster brains.
And it wobbles in my mouth.
All kinds of different...
This is wonderful.
Look at the fat.
Lobster brains.
Oh, so nice!
Oh, so nice.
Oh, so nice!
What is that?
He doesn't know what he's doing.
When it wobbles in my mouth...
And it wobbles in my mouth!
And it wobbles in my mouth!


I thought it was going to be really greasy.
Not greasy, but bulbous.
Bulbous also tapered.
Friends, Thelonious Squid was the name of that piece there by Champion Jack Codini.
Posted to alt.binaries.slack earlier, we heard Big Fat Squid by, I think, Space Ghost.
And a short piece by Likewise.
Likewise, an art link letter cut up by Ray Brunel, some ESO, and mostly, of course, dear friends,
this show, number 772, has reverted to hour of slack number 40,
The Squid Inn with Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
Oh, that reminds me, I almost forgot, Suzy the Flusie's squid.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Wait, where's that furry squid?
Now, if we put the squid out today, he's going to be pretty used by tomorrow.
I don't want to have to throw him out before tomorrow, because I think we may unveil the squid on Saturday morning.
Because the squid is, you know, it's not going to live forever.
Yeah, I've got to figure out what to wear.
I prefer the mountain squid.
Well, this is a Mississippi Delta squid, which is not the, they actually smell funny.
Unlike a mountain squid or a straight prairie squid.
Well, the smell is an aphrodisiac.
Yeah.
It's an aphrodisiac all in itself.
Well, for some people.
No, the smell of a good rotting squid inflames your pheromones all the way down.
It could twist up your DNA helix like an old mangled twist tie if you're not careful, but the trip's an e-ticket.
Yeah.
So, which night should I get naked, Doug?
Huh?
Which night should I get naked?
Saturday.
Saturday.
Saturday night.
Okay, so I don't get the squid on my bustier.
We're going to rape Bob.
Jesus is going to nail him to the cross.
We're going to...
Nothing will happen to me.
Watch it.
You self-righteous hypocrite.
I am the head of Hadron of Hastor.
My father is Had Urter.
Well, I'm not a self-defiling hypocrite.
I'm a surfer.
You know, that's what I am.
But I don't want to get into that.
Let's go to...
Only three more minutes.
I'm sorry that that neurotic woman got on the air, but you know what happens sometimes.
They get on Hastor.
By all means, let's...
We're sorry.
We're sorry.
I just can't believe someone would call in and have the nerve to say,
say things like that about Prairie Square.
I know.
Not only that, but they call somebody else's show using our airtime.
Using an our area code, for that matter.
That show that they're not speaking its name in Berkeley, out in California.
Oh, they're hip out there in California.
Oh, yeah, but they...
They're so hip.
They've got their crack, so to speak.
Yes, yes.
Their drugs and their wild sex.
But have you ever heard a person from one of these hot tubbers...

Talking about a prairie squid, friends?
No, you never have.
Never.
You haven't heard about those...
They don't even...
They've never heard of it.
Those organic boys with their avocado dips and everything.
They're city folks.
Yeah, they don't know about prairie squid.
Oh, they know everything.
They know everything.
But they don't know that.
And if you told them, if you tried to tell them about it, they'd think, oh, how quaint.
He's talking with his southern accent.
How folksy.
Yes.
Oh, he must...
He must be near to the earth or something.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
But I'm an artist.
I don't have to...

I don't have to lower myself to those demeaning...
I'm involved with such incredibly cerebral machinations over the politically correct aspect of my art.
Yes, I'm not obsessed with...
And how it applies to prairie squid, that I don't really have to think about the humorous side of these things.
If there is a humorous side, because I'm serious.
I'm from California.
I don't have to do veiled juvenile humor, guising as some sort of highfalutin environmental concern citizen.
Satan.
I'm not a liar.
Yes.
I'm not that kind of person.
Oh, no, no, no.
Of course not.
That's what they'll tell you every time.
Yeah, that's the line they'll spring on you.
The sophisticated lie.
The conspiracy is...
Their bourgeois lie.
The conspiracy is insidious, friends.
Incredibly, they make you want what they have.
And make you feel stupid because you haven't got it.
Yeah, and they make you think it's better than what you already have.
That way, once they get your attention directed at what they have,
they can get your...
Slack.
Your slack, friends.
That's right.
And you're a prairie squid, too.
And as long as you're the kind of person that can still...
You know, if you can find one, you can go out in the woods and have a short relationship with one of these harmless animals.
Or a long relationship.
I mean, you know, like, there's no limited time.
The tantric sex magicians in India and the ancient cultures of the earth have known of...
I mean, these creatures are not just...
Common to the continental U.S.
That's right.
And Reverend Stang, I don't know if you know it or not, but in Tibet, they breed in the temples a special variety.
Oh, the fattened special prairie...
The special prairie squid.
The soft squid, they call it.
Yeah, it's the one that the Dalai Lama has.
Uh-huh.
And they still breed them there.
Those things eat...
And they have to ship them out to India where the Dalai Lama is now.
You know, the Chinese let them because...
They're better fed than almost anyone in Tibet.
They're better fed than...
Any human being.
They're better fed than most of Tibet put together.
And, uh, friends, when you become a member of the Church of the Subgenius, you become eligible.
Yes.
Eligible, friends.
We'll give you your very own prairie squid direction and survival package.
Give yourself to the feeling, friends.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Orgasmantra by Ziza.
Remember to write for information.
We don't want you to send money.
We want you to send your whole wallet.
That's right.
You can take the money out.
Just send us the rest.
Especially those little pictures that you keep in the secret compartment.
A few products...
That you don't show...




We'll take the credit cards and things, too.
Well, we'll take those.
But those little pictures that no one else knows about, that's what the Bob already knows about those.
And we can judge just how highly to rank you in the great hierarchy of this church.
And Bob collects them, too, we might add.
And the better ones, the better the pictures that come out of that little tiny secret embarrassing compartment in your wallet,
the higher up the rungs you move.
Yes, friends.
And we also found that one person who sent his wallet in had a picture of a prairie squid in it and didn't even know what it was.
He thought it was some curious little life form or a blowup of a bacteria or something.
And he'd been carrying it around for years because he felt it gave him good luck.
And it did.
It did.
It gave him incredible good luck because it brought him to Bob.
And you see that just a picture of a little thing.
A little thing like a prairie squid can set you on the right path.
It'll put you right.
The path to Dobbs and salvation.
Praise Bob.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you, friend.
And, you know, if you could just let go of those hang-ups that have kept you tired.
And you could talk back down, friends.
You could just shine.
Shackled by your own insecurities, as they might say, Reverend Stang.
Your ignorance.
Your pathetic ignorance.
Your pathetic, pink ignorance is what it is.
Your ignorance of the subgenius P.O. box number, which we were about to forget to give.
Oh, can we do that?
You bet we can.
We have to.
Oh, well, in that case.
Bob said we had to party.
Yes, well, that box number.
Why are you sitting there listening to this radio show?
Why aren't you out partying?
Why aren't you out partying?
Bob said to party.
Party! Party!
Bob said you had to party.
You had to party.
You better party.
If you felt like it.
Yes, indeed, Frank.
Get out there. Where's that?
Where's that?
We want Bob says to get out there and do it.
Bob says, find the squid.
Now, if you look at the head, it has a lump on it.
And it almost looks prehistoric, doesn't it?
Right. That's a good description.
A good way of putting it.
Ooh, squid rings.
Yeah.
And 30 minutes gone, 30 to go.
The squid battle enters the second half.
From here on out, no wiggle room. Go!
Tell us.
You like squid?
Yes, squid.
Yes, I like it very much.
We don't only sing, but we dance just as good as we want.
You aren't perfect yourself.
And most people usually end up with pretty much what they deserve.
And you deserve that music by champion Jack Codini.
I know I did. I wanted it.
And I know what I don't want, friends.
I don't want the conspiracy and the squid haters.
To make these Christians into a political force.
They don't want it!
They want us involved!
Let's tell them we're not listening to them anymore!
We're going to be involved!
It isn't going to take Ronald Reagan three years to learn about the godless, aggressive nature of communism.
Over the last two or three decades, the federal government seems to have forgotten both that old-time religion and that old-time constitution.
I'm a squid.
Squid.
You know that old-time?
It's been 1984 since 1953, friends.
That's right.
That was probably the last time your parents told you about the Perry Squid.
After that, you know, there was a law against them.
Yeah, but you weren't even allowed to talk about it until J. Edgar Hoover passed on.
There's a law, friends, on the books that says this.
No subgenius can do anything it wants.
Now, is this a free country?
Yeah.
Friends, when they...
What kind of a repressive...
I mean, they talk, oh, America, home of the free.
Land of the brave.
Home of the brave.
Sure.
Are they brave enough to...
Are they brave enough to talk about prairie squid?
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no.
That's a little rough.
And that doesn't sound too good to the polished ears.
Of the liberals and the modernists.
So they soften it down, you see.
And of course, they would read that verse,
Let God be true and every man be an untruth in a measure to a degree by chance, in my opinion, they'd say.
Yeah, let's soften that because somebody might get offended.
Yeah.
But the Bible says, let God be true and let every man be a liar.
Where's the squid?
I was going to consummate my marriage up here.
Friends.
Are you going to tell him?
Oh, he brought the squid.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, praise Reverend Gordon Zola.
Oh, he brought the squid.
Friends, now.
This isn't any, this is just a larval squid.
This is actually, it's been stunned.
It's still alive, but it's, uh, we've had it in the refrigerator.
This is a, for those of you who have, you know, city kids, Yankees, no offense.
For those of you who've never known the pleasures of life out of a, you know, a, you know,
the small towns in the woods and fields, the cattle ranches, concentration camps, this
animal is known as a prairie squid.
You'll notice that it's got a sort of a penis like appendage on the top and a little, almost
like a vagina here in the middle.
And you know, there's been many a sub genius lad and lass who's gone out into the field
with mom and pa were busy going to church.
covered their laps with honey or molasses or something,
laid and started honking on their squid call,
laid back there in the grass,
waiting for that fecund, mighty little cephalopod,
that little mollusk to come crawling up
and join you in sacred matrimony, holy love,
with this beautiful little animal.
Nowadays, most people,
most people, if they even know what a prairie squid is,
they see them at the supermarket, dead,
shaved, wrapped up in cellophane
in the freezer compartment.
But friends, Bob Dobbs himself had a vision.
He had a vision that someday,
someday the skies would break open,
Jehovah One would have mercy on the human race,
and literally, prairie squid would rain from the sky.
Any pretty squid,
falling from the sky.
Any pretty squid,
having a good time.
Any pretty squid,
now they're falling, I know.
Any pretty squid,
I'm gonna head to town.
Oh, there's nothing like a rain in prairie squid.
Princess, we are done.
Whoa!
backed by Einstein's Secret Orchestra at the Euclid Tavern, Cleveland, 1998.
And now, let's go...
Someone said to Barry McGuire,
said, all you Christians, you're all the same.
You've all been brainwashed.
And Barry thought for a moment, he said, yes, that's true.
But you sinners have been brainwashed also.
The only difference between you sinners and us Christians
is that us Christians, we have chosen to wash our brains.
Well, that seems to be value received for value given, if you ask me, Doug.
But friends, when you write to P.O. Box...
807 Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
That's Box 807.
Glenn Rose.
Glenn Rose, Texas, 76043.
You can get information, and you don't have to send money.
You'll get lots of printed information.
It'll tell you where to write.
The good sex for mutants in Salt Lake City.
We'll send you the little maps of the known existing prairie squid wildlife refuges in your area,
if there are any, if you're fortunate enough to live in a part of the country
where there are still a few of these precious creatures.
Left.
Where they're still legal.
Yeah.
Well, they're not really.
Oh, Dr. Dool, you just got back from the mutant beauty contest.
Yeah, I was one of the judges at the good sex for mutants dating league
first annual beauty contest in Salt Lake City just ten days ago, Reverend Stan.
Those lovely...
How were those lovely and disgusting subgenius mutants, Dr. Dool?
They were some of the most beautifully disgusting mutated sickly creatures that I have ever seen.
Beautiful mutants.
And there was actually a close runner-up.
She was voted Miss...
Well, we think she was voted Miss Congeniality.
It was actually a mutated variation of prairie squid.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And it was the biggest, the biggest prairie squid that I have ever seen.
I say it was about a hundred and ten pound prairie squid.
I think we'll just play this side of the tape out and have that as the male side.
And you can run it out and we'll then go over to the other side and talk about the female structure and function.
Jimmy the squid, hugely late, came home to see his mate.
Caught her in bed with another squid.
He saw red, he flipped his lid.
PeterCC spiced his blue crab.
From the
The
energy says'
systolic contraction, there is now increasing evidence that the connective tissue surrounding
the individual muscle cells, as well as the tissue linking the cells, also plays a role.
And I think that about sums up how the prairie squid actually moves, Doctor.
And friends, somewhere at the edge of your mind is a sort of a tiny cluster of memories that date
back to human prehistory, to a time when every man, or in those days, they weren't men at all,
they were yetis. Yes. And the women, even the women were yetis too. And in those days, friend,
the prairie squid didn't have to live among horny toads to stay stimulated. It was able to,
to, let us say, converse physically with the yetis at any time that they,
you know, the yetis, friends, your ancestors, those of you who are true subgeniuses. Except for
that one variety of self-stimulating prairie squid, Doctor, which, as you know, became extinct
in the late devouring period, I think it was. Yeah, well, that was, there was, yeah, but that
was long after the yetis were extinct themselves, and that's probably what killed them off. Now,
I'm holding in my hand here a book titled Things You Never Knew Existed, a very forthright
friends, one might say, and right here on page 44, there it is, squid, comma, prairie,
and there is an entire summation. Now, you can get this information on this prairie squid
by merely writing to the Church of the Subgenius. That's right, friend. And if Reverend Stang would
be so kind as to give them that sacred box number really quick one more time, and I believe we'll,
we might get a guest telephone caller as the lights go on.
Well, no, it looks like he's drifted off again, Doctor.
Oh, we'll, we'll get one, we'll get one. Friends, that address to write to for more information
about J.R. Bob Dobbs, the only, only individual who could save your soul and then give it back
to you again, that address for Bob is Subgenius Foundation, P.O. Box 140306, dear friend,
in Dallas, Texas.
5214. And, uh, oh, friends, you don't know what, you don't know what, what could be coming your way
in the mail once you sign up with this amazing church with your free information. Uh, you can
find out the inside story on not, not just things like prairie squid. You can find out
why you've been losing at the races and how to start winning again.
How come you didn't get that big raise at your conspiracy job?
That you're nailed to.
How come that special date with her didn't work out?
And remember that first time you found you couldn't do it for the second time? Yes, friends,
that's the only, almost as scary as the second time you find that you can't do it for the
first time.
It's scary, friends. It's a scary, scary world out there. People, you won't have to see what
you can do.
You won't have these problems if you just let Bob solve them for you. Get right with
Dobbs.
Let Bob into your life, friends.
Let Bob into your heart. You need Bob. You have to have Bob.
You have to have him.
You better have him.
You know you want him.
Because I'll tell you, friends, when those...
You have to have it.
Because when those end times come down, if you're not right with Bob, you're gonna
fry.
And you'll probably deserve it.
You will deserve it.
You'll wish you could die, friends. You'll wish you could die. But Bobby...
But it'll be worse.
Oh, Bobby, he won't let you. He won't let you die. You'll be going, Bob, kill me.


Give me a car right now.
Please, Bob. You didn't tell me the end times was gonna be worse than a Sidney Sheldon
mini-series on TV.
Friends, we're gonna take that collar right now.
Where are we gonna take it to?
...continues to be shaken under these conditions.
Squid.
It's squid.
It's been a long time since we've been trapped by the tiny...
You've got squid all over.
Well, you know what?
That's a squid ick for the uninitiated.
Yes, this is the show that continues to be trapped by the tiny collars.
An icky squid is a sticky pill.
You call in, we are forced to listen to you.
They always just say, you know what?



They had the academy.
That's right. An icky squid is one that's actually ick-
And if you were just to call in-
The ick-theus.
What is ick-theology?
If you're awake, it won't make a difference.
It's a giant ick-theosaur.
No, you're asleep right now, and this is the ugly show.
Is that a squid, or is that an ick-theosaur in central California at this hour?
...and even people in the building refuse to listen to you.
Well, let's hear what that other collar has to say.
Okay.
Oh, he's calling another collar.
Let's see what he has to say.
He's calling another collar.
It's a chain reaction.
Call callers and find out what they have to say.
The last person who broke the chain, something terrible happened.
So don't do anything.
That's the way you're adjusting-
Do what it says and call the next collar.
...relevations of this-
Squid Jiggin' Ground.
The man with the whisker is old Jacob Steele.
He's getting well up but he's still pretty sound.
While Uncle Bob Hawkins wears six pair of stockings whenever he's out on Squid Jiggin'
Ground.
Holy smoke, what a scuffle.
All the hands are excited.
I don't know how many people in the building know what you're doing.







It's a wonder to me that there's nobody drowned
There's a bustle, confusion, a wonderful hustle
They're all jigging squid on squid-jigging ground
Says Bobby, the squids are on top of the water
I just got me jiggers about a one-five and down
But a squid in the boat's curled right down his throat
And he's swearing like mad on squid-jigging ground
There's poor Uncle Billy, his whiskers are spattered
With spots of the squid juice that's flying around
One poor little boy got it right in the eye
But they don't give a darn on squid-jigging ground
Now if ever you feel inclined to go squid
Then leave your white collars behind in the town
And if you get cranky without your silk hanky
Better steer clear on the squid-jigging ground
And you'll see the squid down around New Orleans
But I don't know about that Delta squid
It kinda tastes muddy
That's my favorite kind, boy
You like that, with red beans and rice going down
Yeah, after you use them, I'll only eat them after they've been used
Well, they aren't even good
That's right, they're tough
You gotta soften them up a bit
Gotta tenderize them a little, as the doctor would say
Ah yes, ah yes
You drink a whole lot of Everclear and eat as much pan chili as you can

Exactly
To make the compost
Yeah, well the idea is to find that cosmic termite queen
You gotta get on that termite queen
And as it spews out them little termite, you know
Those little babes with the high heel shoes
The little termite go-go girls, you know
Those are gonna propel you through space
So compost's no good unless you got the termites too?
They don't need the compost
One corn, one dollar
Yeah, one good loaded up termite
The termite queen will get you there
Actually, that might explain it right there
And back
Yeah
Now, now, now, wait a minute
I mean, you know, we, we, have we forgotten the prairie squid
If we drifted so far from our roots
From primordial America
That we no longer remember the prairie squid
We're talking about termite queens pulsating their giant egg sacs
Prairie squid is so A's, Reverend Stang, come on
It was the pumpkin
It was the pumpkin
So A's
Prairie squid get on the pumpkin
Zero biological
Ride the pumpkin
What is a prairie squid?
Ride the bug
You gotta get on that bug queen
Prairie squid and stretch it around the pumpkin
Woo hoo
Well, hey, well, you West Coast people are into that kind of stuff
That's a little bit, that's a little bit advanced for us Midwesterners
A one, a two, a one, two, three, four
La Holk
La Holk
La Holk
…
Way up there

Oh, ho there



Lone
1918
He's gone
It changes
L 드
Only kind we pouvoir
that we had ever seen before.
Seem to flow.
83-D Squids.
83-D Squids.
83-D Squids.
83-D Squids.
83-D Squids.
83-D Squids.
83-D Squids.
I got them head to toe.
I'm afraid this child's covered with 83-D Squids, Doctor.
Look at them wiggly squids.
Look at them wiggly squids.
We pulled off to the side.
We just knew they wanted to ride.
The sweetest squid you'll ever know.
Blow you right through the door.
83-D Squids.
83-D Squids.
83-D Squids.
83-D Squids.
83-D Squids.
There comes a tentacle.
Oh, no, no, it's two.
Three.
Watch out, there's three or four squids over there.
My God, one of them is a Greek squid.
It's okay.
Embrace the tentacle, boys.
Embrace the tentacle.
Embrace the tentacle.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, I'll embrace the squid.
Come on, officers, on your knees.
Oh, it's starting to feel good.
I always embrace the squid back at the station.
I said, if you're ever out in your ride,
don't think you have to hide.
Is that right, Captain?
When you see some hairy pink, pink snow
coming down from the sky,
just pull on over, let them come inside.
Falling prairie squid is the best, best kind.
And you sub-Dinos enjoy the ride.
And then, um,
83D squids, they're falling from the sky.
83D squids, they're falling from the sky.
One of them is your sister.
83D squids, they're coming on now.
83D squids, now that's slack galore.
83D squids, get beside.
83D squids, they're falling from the sky.
83D squids, come on.
83D squids, I can't believe it, mon.
I can't believe we got this.
I can't believe we got this far either.
Yeah.
Don't congratulate yourself yet.
We still have these squids to deal with.
Oh no.
They're pretty damned potent, aren't they?
Oh no.
83D squids.
83D squids.
Falling from the sky.
83D squids.
Come on, let's go.
83D squids, the picture is so high.
83D squids, they're falling on now.
83D squids.
83D squids.
83D squids.
83D squids.
83D squids.
83D squids.
83D squids.
83D squids.
83D squids.
83D squids.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

83D Squid
Friends, a studio version from Einstein's Secret Orchestra Swamp Radio
with Princess We Are Doe, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and Chaz Smith, and Bleepo.
Stay tuned, friends, for a rare type of the short-lived Sister Chris of WFMU of old,
no matter what you think of our love.
Look, back in... I mean, I don't care how repugnant the idea of Prairie Squid,
a physical love with a land mollusk,
is maybe repugnant.
...to some of these more polished ears of these San Francisco liberals.
We're gonna nail these guys, let me tell you.
I think so. We got enough lawyers, we got enough money, we got time, we got press releases, I think.
That's right, we have the sponsors. The listeners are gonna sponsor us.
We got it, so...
Well, the survey tested 25 suggestive words and phrases all less sensitive than the famous, quote,
seven-word phrase.
Seven dirty words.
Uh, terms receiving the highest unfavorable reaction were Prairie Squid, Slack...
Hello, this is Dr. Chris, and your turn to WFMU, Cephalodically Speaking,
where I will, uh, try to educate the public on...
...everything you've always wanted to know about Prairie Squids, but were afraid to ask.
Most people today, whether they are single, married, divorced, monogamous, gregarious,
or even downright slutty, are unaware of the importance of the nearly instinct Prairie Squid.
This widespread ignorance is the cause of much dissatisfaction with regards to our slippery habits.
So, for first, you should know...
...that the Prairie Squid is an intelligent, albeit wild, crazy, and unpredictable mollusk...
...possessed of a long, tubular body, two cardal fins, many suckers on its myriad tentacles, and highly developed eyes.
Or should I say eye?
When the Prairie Squid is excited, such as in the instance of being engaged in the act of social intercourse,
they emit a copious amount of black ink.
It is this ink...
...that is...
...used...
...in...
...to enhance the sensations inheriting what the teenagers of today anachronistically call...
...squidding.
It is sad to note that our friend, the Prairie Squid, is no longer an integral part of our modern relationships.
They have been shunned by the puritanical segment of society, and have been herded into these so-called Prairie Squid reservations.
It is on these reservations that the Prairie Squid is harassed...
...abused...
...and what have you...
...by the neo-Nazi groups who even go so far as to lynch these creatures.
They become self-pitying, fourth-class citizen mollusks, suffering from such psychological problems as...
...alcoholism...
...drug abuse...
...gambling...
...depression...
...and most tragically, suicide.
There is a hopeful future for the Prairie Squids, thanks to the efforts of the subgenius foundation.
They are establishing safe outposts...
...in prairie squid centers all across the U.S. to combat the malicious neglect and prejudice against the prairie squid.
Food, shelter and recreation programs utilizing purient underground adult comic books are just the beginning for our struggle...
...to reinstate the prairie squids to the rightful place in the master bedrooms of the world.
But this requires money.
And the subgenius foundation's funds for the SUPS programs are dwindling to dangerous levels.
So please, won't you find it in your heart to give to the Save Our Prairie Squid program?
For more information, write to the subgenius foundation at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And always remember, use condiments and good squidding.
We'll see you next time.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Odin
And the arcane secrets of the Prairie Squid.
Friends, are you gonna put up with what the gland owners are laying down on you?
I want you to either stand up or shut up.
That's right.
Baby, you gotta hip out to it.
Or die trying not to.
Or just kill me.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I hope how they should drive a motor.
법 sleeper But it is 5000 rupees?
This is how money字
прč đėrzashedž
radičović

In the pink car lounge, that's a sandbar, worked the former Miss Lake Champlain.
A beautiful mollusk, a real living dollusk, her name, it was Glamity Jane.
Now this dive was as hard as a barnacle, it was real barracuda terrain.
Where the groupers and grunts pulled unsavory stunts, which was tough on poor Glamity Jane.
One night through the door swam a stranger, to the corner he squirted and slid.
All the fish in the room grew as hushed as a tune, and they saw it was Billy the Squid.
He said, Glammy, I done hurt your feelings.
And I've caused you some pain, this I know.
But before it's too late, I'm gonna go straight, or as straight as a squid can go.
He asked for her hand, but she had none.
And to prove it, she lifted her lid.
Then how about a foot, and her foot out she put.
It's a beauty, said Billy the Squid.
Then he gathered up.
He gathered her up in his tentacles.
And as into the sunset they rid.
She looked at him clammily, let's start a family.
Wahoo, said Billy the Squid.
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle



Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle


Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle

Whistle



Whistle
Whistle
Whistle

Whistle

Whistle
Whistle

Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Writtle
Whistle

Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle
Whistle


Whistle

Crunch!
