Test, uh, thanks Fred. Is everything working? I'm having trouble with, uh, with this tape deck here. Test.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the so genius power of slack!
Yeah, I'm still Fred.
So we're back again.
And I tell ya, I was sorely, sorely tempted, my friends, to just do a re-re-run this week.
But nay, we'll go ahead and try to crank out a show, you know.
Another day.
Um, horrible show.
And I wish I was doing this in a radio station.
This little area that I'm working in is just, it's too cramped.
Ahimsa.
Ahimsa.
Um, before we, uh, go on into the tapes, dear friends, I have, uh, some, some quick news.
Actually, we have tons of news.
We have news of the weird coming up.
I haven't done that in a while.
And, um, it's pretty weird.
This time.
Ahimsa.
Um, I should mention, for you, uh, diehard subgeniuses out there, uh, we now have a 1-800 number.
I think I mentioned this last show.
But, uh, if you have business with, with Jesus, you can call our new 1-800 number, which actually is not, excuse me, the construction equipment's getting loud in the background there.
Um, the, uh, it's, uh, that number is.
It's a 1-888 number, actually.
It's still toll free.
1-888-669-2323.
Uh, whoa.
There's a scariness in the background.
Yeah, uh, 1-888-669-2323.
That's for real.
That's an actual living number.
Uh, with, uh, but if you want to call Jesus just to chat with the Lord, uh, he's available.
Also.
Also at, uh, for men, this ain't, oh, excuse me.
It's a temple beat here in the background, and they're not bad.
But, uh, but they're from Italy.
And they sound too much like, well, listen to this.
The music is good.
But the guy sounds too much like, uh, all those other singers, you know.
Uh.
Uh.
Well, yeah, I don't know.
It's, uh, it sounds too much like all them other ones.
All right.
Let's just start from scratch.
We'll just do that all over again.
What is wrong with me today?
Okay.
Uh, let's, one, one more time.
Friends, you can call Jesus.
You can talk to Jesus right here in Dallas, Texas by calling, uh, got that pencil ready
now?
Area code, uh, 214-324-0993.
There, I think we finally got that right.
Uh, that's, uh, yeah, 214-324-0993.
For Jesus at the Subgenius Foundation.
Or, uh, email is, uh, slack at metronet.com.
My email is i.stang at metronet.com.
And, friends, I should mention, even if you do not have, uh, a computer and no interest
at all in the World Wide Web, go to a friend's house or one of those bars where you can do
this kind of thing and, um, look at, at the Subgenius website.
There is nothing like it on this planet, I must say.
I am extremely proud of the World Wide Web.
Uh, there's a lot of work, uh, that has gone into that, uh, by myself and by the many, many
artists and, and writers that have contributed to that thing and audio stuff.
You know, you can hear this radio show off of that website.
It doesn't sound great, but by gobs, you can hear it in, um, in France or Germany or Japan
or China.
Um, you can hear it anywhere in the world that, that you get a, get you a dang modem
hookup.
And, uh, in fact, I don't know.
You know, this show, Hour of Slack is now on and it's on, we're sending out 20 copies
every week, uh, 15 stations and five individual subscribers.
And, you know, that's more cities than Howard Stern is in.
Of course, we only get $6 a show and he gets $6 million a show, but, uh, you know, hey,
you can't hear Howard Stern in China, but you can if you check out, uh, you can, you
can hear us again and again.
At will.
Old shows, uh, new shows, and you even have a fast forward button on the internet.
So check out the Subgenius website.
The art that's in there is beautiful.
It's, uh, the address is, it's not www.subgenius.com.
Uh, we own that name, but we can't use it yet for technical reasons.
So the URL for that booger is sunsight.com.
U-N-C dot E-V-U slash subgenius.
Now, for those of you who think that sounds like gibberish, what it means is that, that,
uh, the University of North Carolina, uh, uh, a college, there is a machine called SunSight,
which happens to have a little file on it called Subgenius.
So what you type there in your open up command, uh, on the web is SunSight, S-U-N-S-I-T-E
dot U-N-C.
U-N-C dot E-D-U slash, uh, Subgenius.
And Subgenius does not have an O in it.
And all of that address is in lower case.
Okay?
Enough of that.
Every month or two, I, I give the, the website, uh, address like that, even though it's, uh,
clumsy.
Cause I have to.
I have to for, for Bob.
Bob told me to do it.
He tells, you know, Bob speaks to me.
Friends.
And he told me that there is also going to be a Subgenius Devival in, uh, Columbus, Ohio
on October 26th and 27th.
And if you seriously want to go to that, uh, well write us.
And we'll be giving that post office box number at the end of the broadcast.
Now, is that all I had to deal with?
Yeah, I think so friends, because we have a lot of news here to read.
Actually, this is from News of the Weird.
Uh, I don't know.


It's a Chuck Shepherd's column, which, uh, you may see in your local, uh, News Weekly,
but, uh, maybe not.
Number one in the news, in May, near Stigtomta, Sweden, about 2,000 environmentalists protested
by mass outdoor urination, protested the dying ecosystem of Halbo Lake.
Poor Halbo Lake.
Which now has had, uh, a massive flood.

Uh, 2,000 environmentalists, uh, uh, contributing to the loveliness of it.
The yellow lake of Sweden, I guess they call it.
In May, well, we've already done this one on our Slack.
In May, Valentin Grimaldo, 40, was bitten by a poisonous coral snake near Encino, Texas.
Survived by biting off the snake's head, slitting its body lengthwise, and using the skin for
a tourniquet.
Until help arrived.
Praise the great subgenius, Valentin Grimaldo.
Um, that's a, that's a real man when you can bite the head off a snake, a coral snake.
And now, in Ogden, Utah, a self-described ugly person, Lynn Romer, a recently formed
the Pinocchio Plot, a support group to combat looksism.
Uh, I don't know.
I don't know.
You know, it's just so unfair the way people judge other people by their looks.
In my particular case, I probably should contribute to that support group.
Although, I don't know.
I don't really look that bad from behind.
I've had people try to pick me up when they couldn't see my face.
Okay, in May, a court in Sweden rejected an appeal by Elizabeth Holland and her husband,
who had been fined about $1,000 for giving men a penis.

The court ruled that the woman had been given an unauthorized name.
The five-year-old is called Albin, but his formal name consists of 38 consonants followed
by five numbers.
A name Holland said is, quote, a pregnant expressionistic development that we see as
an artistic creation.
Yeah, well, my parents named my brother Pinkney.
And I don't think they really care about my penis.



I don't think he spoke to anybody for the first 25 years of his life.
All right, and further down here, news of the weird.
Latest religious messages.
I love these kind, my friends.
Carlos Santiago was arrested in San Francisco, California in May and charged with assault.
Police said he stabbed his wife more than a dozen times because she refused his orders
to read the Bible.
These uppity women.
I can't believe it.
You know?
The guy hands the Bible to her, tells her to read it.
She doesn't read it.
What else you gonna do?
You know, stab her a dozen times.
That's the way we do it around here, I'll tell you.
Some more religious news here.
In May, Reverend Jim Dillon started the Church of Kurt Cobain in Portland, Oregon.
Now I thought that was a joke when I first heard about it, but apparently these idiots
are serious.
Honoring the late singer-songwriter and challenging parishioners MTV.

And these guys were more than just taxing the Tim Rothschilds the following year.
About Ahhh ...
Say.
emphasizing Bernard開心 the automatic

Love.
probably the approximate commercials for Ya layers are maybe.
If you're low, you might
The Divine in 1988 posted the King's 31 Commandments at Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
as part of the school's Elvis Week.
Among the church's tenets, eat six meals a day, face Las Vegas once a day, make a pilgrimage
to Graceland, and fight the anti-Elvis, Michael Jackson.
A news here from the weirdo American community.
In April, Nevada County, California, judicial candidate Robert Litchfield, attempting to
rectify his low standing among local lawyers, I guess this guy wanted to be a judge and
the other lawyers didn't like him, he offered to kneel and wash the feet of any lawyer in
the county as a gesture of his desire to serve them.
Said Litchfield.
What I offered was an act of faith and I don't think that's something a news reporter can
understand.
At the scheduled foot washing, Litchfield showed up with a basin and towel, but no lawyer came
forth.
Real estate news.
In May, New York Times columnist Dan Barry reported a run on $7 St. Louis, New York.





He also stated that over $2 million of the New York Post $2 million total
was taken from a business.
Bang, bang!
Should 13.
commented.
oil or an asteroid will pick your house to land on. One or the other. Oh, here's a, here's a,
many kind of, friends, these are the end times. In March, security guards at the Mall of America
in Bloomington, Minneapolis, I've been there, along with local police and a helpful eyewitness
apprehended a man who had grabbed a $1,400 gold chain from the neck of another man. Police
arrested the suspect, then arrested the witness when a computer check revealed that he had
several outstanding warrants, then arrested the victim when they found crack cocaine in
his pocket. Uh, yes. In February, police in Tuscaloosa, Alabama charged Felicia Scott,
29,
with shooting to death her nine-month pregnant girlfriend, Carathia Curry, 17, then cutting open
Curry's belly and stealing the baby because Scott herself was unable to get pregnant. The baby
survived. And during, uh, December and January, after four years of preparation, four years,
friends, um, Maria Fernandez,
and Amanda Cardoso brought her flea circus to the Exploratorium in San Francisco. Among the tricks?
Fleas walking tightropes, popping out of cannons, diving into thimbles of water, dueling with foil
swords. Cardoso brought the, bought the fleas in bulk for 10 cents each and occasionally awarded
prizes of blood for tricks well done. She admits to a flea obsession, in part because they have
37 land designs .
éd
And, uh, this is the Xbox?
D谄
I don't think you can tell.
Are you transgressing after that one I'm trying not to laugh in the ball?
I'm trying to lie.
No, use plain water.
Yeah, I am.


Okay.
of the 14th century.
Cool.
Okay.
Well, actually, I'm sure you're tired of me
and my voice and my news,
and so we'll go to someone even more obsessive
and obnoxious, in this case,
the good Dr. Howell from the KPFA,
Berkeley Puzzling Evidence subgenius-type show.
So Dr. Howell, once again,
expounding upon the mighty kingdom Dinosauria,
which I probably said that wrong,
and he hit me if he heard this.
Thank you.
Ahimsa.
And I forgot to mention the background music there
was by Doctors for Bob and D.K. Jones.
I started with a Doctors for Bob instrumental,
then did a D.K. Jones instrumental,
then Doctors for Bob.
Ahimsa.
Yes, millions of years ago,
these gigantic beasts actually roamed the Earth.
Ah!
Gigantosaurus had a pocket calculator in his hips,
which enabled him to do small sums.
And the H-bomb will win off.
Around and around the giant reptiles ran,
around and around the rugged rocks,
in the struggle for survival that's lasted for millions of years.
Somehow, the electromagnetic field of the Earth itself changed.
Ice ages came, and continents formed new patterns.
Ahimsa.
Ahimsa.
Ahimsa.
Ahimsa.









Ahimsa.
Why I can see it now.
Don't be trampled by these behemoths.
You see, the ceratosaurus is attempting
to turn atlantasaurus immanus
over and expose its soft underbelly.
Getai.
K p, f A. 94.1 F-m on your radio dial with Magdi hemen health.







with KPFB in Berkeley and KFCF in the fungus-shrouded prehistoric valley of Fresno, California.
The time is 4 o'clock, and you're comfortable listening to a recreation of the prehistoric world of the secondary era.
What's that?
Just imagine yourself chewing a huge wad of gum that lasts forever,
and you can imagine what it would be like to be an enormous sauropod,
gourmandizing on the fronds of the prehistoric forest.
You know, most Americans aren't taught in school as a part of their education
that before the age of giant reptiles, there was an age of giant insects,
when hideous, scuttling things ruined the earth.
They roamed.
The earth.
Well, some of them roamed, others stayed in their own backyard.
But they were unbelievably horrible.
And if, like me, you have a slight, uh, uh, willies feeling,
I mean, if they kind of give you the willies, if they kind of make you twitch and wince and whimper,
just to think of giant spiders as big as bushel baskets, or bigger, rustling under the leaves and so forth,
well, uh...
As big as theaters.
Well, I don't know if they ever got that big.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Uh, uh, that information has not come to me.
Although, according to some...
Well, I think it's coming in now, though. You might want to check the...
According to some ancient legends, there were once creatures the size of islands
who fought millennial battles in remote corners of the Earth's surface,
and, uh, actually scarred and, uh, and disfigured our planet
into some of the familiar configurations we see today.
A piece of galactic debris...
Uh, yeah.
...in the shape of an enormous six-legged lizard, uh, once landed on the Earth
and quickly crawled across its surface, uh, like a centipede landing on a peach.
But, uh, it created enormous destruction and the extinction of many species.
Created, uh, tidal waves and, uh...
You're sick.
...giant sweeping walls of earth and rock which buried entire countries and submerged continents.
Finally, it hopped off into space again.
But it might return at any time.
And destroy the world of questing man who does not realize by how thin a thread
he hangs before that velvet hall of eternal blackness they call glory.
Bingo! I'm in.
Yes, bingo. A game of cosmic bingo that we all are forced willy-nilly, uh, inadvertently to play.
And one never knows when one's number will pop up.
So, uh, beware.
You never know when the master cometh, as it says in the old moldy book.
Bingo, bingo.
Well, you've been very patient listening to the...
Oh!
Listening to the, uh, uh...
Oh, I better get that one. That seems like a high priority, uh...
Below 20 degrees, limbs will...
...step upon.
Below zero, lungs will burn.
We're having a little bit of decompression, uh, here in the radio cubicle, uh...
Come on clear. Good.
It might be a breach in our hull, or it might be that...
The breathing tube is stuck.
It just might be puzzling evidence messing with our heads again, you know.
It could be perfectly all right. You never know until it would be too late in this case.
...the breathing tube.
...and 90 degrees.
You know, as we broadcast, and as I attempt to, as always, to swim upstream against the sluggish tide of flood,
the, uh, the compilers are working on the book of the subgenius volume two, the...
Bob Apocryphon, uh, Revelation X, uh, and Ivan Stang and Lies are...
...stirrin' up, uh, some, uh, trouble in their giant, uh, cauldron, uh...
Oh, well, I'm being drowned out by a piece of propaganda here, uh, beamed from our central office.
...worry free...
What the hell is going on?
What the hell is going on here?
The hell is going on here?
You know, now that I play that tape for you, it occurs to me that, uh, I heard that show while I was in San Francisco working on Revelation X.
At four or five in the morning, uh, Palmer Vredes and I were sitting there trying to finish the last page of the last chapter and listening to Dr. Howell, who had left our side.
He was very involved in the, um, assemblage of that.
And, uh, he had to leave and go do the radio show.
And we got very excited, I remember, when we heard him mention the book and that we were working on it and so forth.
And we got very mad when puzzling evidence, uh, drowned him out.
So as to, uh, uh, uh, to hide the naked glory of our work.
...uh...
From the questing eyes of others.
Well, here we are at the end of Skit Row.
You can see bad puns lying around everywhere, jokes no one, no one got in a bun dance.
Plots at the bottom dropped out of in cranes.
It's good to see things other than they really are.
Makes you appreciate the good bits, like this one.
...
...
...
...

...
...
...
Now that's twice you coughed in the last half hour in this confessional, son.
I know father hit me.
This the second coughing.
It's these damn cigarettes.
Well, my lad, if you're in a hurry to meet your maker, well, ss...
Well, cigarettes will help you see him faster.
But there's a lot of false prophets on cigarettes out there.
When you die, you don't want to go to hack, do you?
It's smoky enough here in this life.
That's right, father.
No.
You want to come up, come up all the way up to that cool taste of heaven.
That's why if you smoke, you should inhale Pope John Paul Maul's.
So you do not... don't end up in a hail with old nicotine.
Pope John Paul Maul's have an absolute taste.
Divine aroma and our revelation in smoothness, plus extra tar and nicotine.
They come in straights and filter kings of king size.
You see, the tobacco for Pope John Paul Maul's was grown on hallowed ground somewhere in Rome,
which makes Pope John Paul Maul's the consecrated of his smoke in this world.
What next?
Next time you're laying on your hands or laying on of hands or laying on your hands on a pack...
Lay your hands...
Wait a minute.
Lay your hands on a pack of Pope John Paul Maul's.
Collect the redemption miles on the back of packs for absolution points.
Make your last breath of drag on Pope John Paul Maul's.
The cigarette will help you meet your maker that much faster.
Smoke this!
Hello?
Hi, this is 18-T. Mildred Monday is at a pay phone and wishes to make a call and bill it to your number. Is that alright?
Mildred Monday? I'm Mildred Monday.
No, you're not. Mildred's at the pay phone.
I said I am Mildred Monday.
And I told you Mildred's at the pay phone.
Well, who wants to make the call?
Mildred's making the call from the pay phone.
She's making a call to New Zealand.
And wants to bill the phone call to your house.
Oh, no. Uh-uh.
Yeah, that's what she's doing.
No.
And she wants verification from you to make sure it's alright.
No. I don't know no Mildred Monday.
You don't know Mildred Monday?
No, sir.
Are you saying this could be a fraudulent call?
It could be because I am Mildred Monday and I'm in bed in my own home.
Oh, my... Let me let you... I better get my supervisor. Do you want to talk to my supervisor?
I don't want to make no call to no New Zealand.
Yeah, we better get this taken care of. Let me put you through to the supervisor.
Okay, just a minute, ma'am. I'll just be a second.
All right.
Yes, this is Tim. How may I help you?
Well, they just called here and said a Mildred Monday was at a pay phone and wanted to make a long-distance call to New Zealand.
Yes, that's correct, ma'am.
And I am Mildred Monday.
No.
And I'm in my own home.
Are you saying that... What are you trying to say?
Because, see, we have a Mildred Monday on the other line that says that she lives at your address and gave us your phone number and wanted to charge them and make the charges to your house.
No, indeedy.
No, indeedy?
I am Mildred Monday and I live here and I don't want no long-distance call on that phone.
You don't?
No.
Your name... You're Mildred Monday?
I am Mildred Monday.
I bet you can't say that five times fast.
Hello, I have a collect call from John Cravens. Will you accept the charges?
I am John Cravens.
No, no, you don't understand. John Cravens is calling you. This is 18T Operator.
I am John Cravens.
Will you accept the charges from John Cravens? John?
Okay.
Okay, you'll accept the charges?
Yeah.
Okay, let me put the call through.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello, this is John.
Yeah?
Who is this?
John.
Yes, I would like to know what you're doing in my house.
Ah, dang if I know. Sleeping with your wife.
You're sleeping with my wife?
Yeah.
What are you sleeping with my wife for?
Somebody asked to.
Is she good?
Of course.
I...
I...
I...
I...









This is 18T. Are you through with your call? Hello?
Hello?
Are you through with your call, sir?
Hell if I know.
Excuse me?
I don't know what's going on.
Don't swear at me. I'm 18T. I'll just continue your service in the heartbeat.
See ya.
Goodbye. And don't expect any...
A man wearing a carpenter's belt walks down a busy city street, making his way to the










particular street corner he lowers to his knees. He draws his hammer from its holster
and a large nail from his pouch. The man carefully positions the nail and drives it into the
sidewalk pavement. Slowly at first, and then more rapidly, milk, milk, milk, milk, milk,
begins to gush from the open wound. A crowd of alarmed onlookers forms. Soon an ambulance
arrives, but the medics are unable to stop the bleeding. 30 minutes after the injury,
the city has lost power.
The police are on the move.
10 minutes later, telephones are dead and traffic is at a standstill. The hemorrhaging
continues until downtown is flooded with milk. Rolling to the waterfront, the milk spills
into the sea, stained with blood.
The smorgasbord justAGES the city of Houston.
The lavabat starts to surge from a pungent beat肔.



The carpenter denies having any involvement with the incident.


Yes dear friends
Well what we were just hearing
On the other side
Of show
Was
That the thing about the carpenter
Was from Head and Leg
A CD that's distributed
By the Negative Land
Folks
Keep your eyes out for that Head and Leg CD
I've been playing little bits and pieces of it
Also we heard some prank calls
From Phone Losers
Of America
And oh how I wish
There was another engineer
Here to control the volumes
Rather than me
Poor lonely Reverend Stang
Like a little militia nut
Sitting in his
Cave
Cranking out
Shows and uh
Uh
Hymns
Hey I thought that music was about to poop out and didn't
Oh well
More news of the weird
According to police in St. Louis, Missouri
Burglary suspects
Ronald L. Egan
And Roy Mullen
Couldn't have been more eager to please
When they were arrested
In April
The first cop on the scene spotted me
And asked what he was doing there
Mullen replied
Oh a burglary I guess
The second cop
Spotted Egan
Emerging from around back with a vacuum cleaner
And asked him the same question
Egan allegedly replied
Oh we're just burglarizing the place
The Sacramento Bee
Reported in May that rapists use of condoms is up substantially in St. Louis
In several cities
But that it is not clear whether that is due primarily to fear of AIDS
Or fear of leaving valuable DNA evidence on the victim's body
Many rapists who use condoms are apparently ignorant of DNA identification
In that they will leave a semen filled condom at the scene
Which is like gift wrapping the evidence
For investigators
Construction worker Thomas W. Passmore, 32
Filed a lawsuit in April for $3.35 million
Against Sentara Norfolk General Hospital
And four doctors over the loss of his hand
Passmore admits to having cut off his own hand
Because he believed it to be possessed by the devil
And twice refused to allow doctors to reattach it
However he claims the hospital was negligent
In not asking his family to help him

To overrule his poor decision
Well what's he going to do next?
Sue God?
Or the devil?
That's who he ought to be suing is the devil
The devil was the one that possessed his hand
I bet I know what that hand was doing
I bet you do too
Only the devil would be responsible
No human individual could be held responsible
For the sin of onanism
Really?
They should sue the devil
When is that going to happen?
Among the grossest problems created by Washington DC's financial crisis
Is the condition of the city morgue
The Washington Post reported in May
That 74 bodies were stockpiled
Because the crematorium
The only affordable disposal method
Is broken
And that the city is backlogged
With more than two million people
200 autopsies
And 400 toxicology analyses
But furthermore
In the autopsy room
The air conditioning is broken
Cockroaches run free on autopsy tables
The floor is sticky
With blood and other bodily fluids
Because drains are clogged
And corpses are exposed
In torn body bags
And of course there's the stench
Oh, lovely Washington DC
I was born there
In May
Matthew Simmons, 21
Had just been found guilty in London, England
Of threatening French soccer star Eric Cantona
Okay, he'd been found guilty in
He's in the court
He'd just been found guilty of threatening a soccer star
He leaped over the bench
Grabbed the prosecutor in a headlock
And tried to punch him
Yelling all the while
I am innocent
I promise
I swear on the Bible
The Wall Street Journal reported in March
That New York City photographer
And former Electrolux vacuum cleaner salesman
Eugene Calamari Jr.
Is a part-time performance artist
Who lies on the floor
And lets people vacuum him
With an upright vacuum cleaner
After which he asks the vacuumers
To write down their feelings
Calamari says
A lot of people use each other
And step on each other's rights
And says his theme is
I won't let anyone do this to me
Man, the art world is so beautiful
So beautiful
And to think
You know, those are the characters that get the grants
The cartoonists
The people who can actually draw
Shunted off to the gutters of the art world
Yes
Happy birthday Palmer
Even if we're a little late
USA Today reported in April
On the problems caused by aging zoo animals
At the Phoenix, Arizona Zoo
Orangutan Billy, age 35
Gets laxatives and also cortisone
For his aching back
A cancerous growth was removed
From the mouth of a rattlesnake
A zebra gets ibuprofen for various pains
And a 33-year-old donkey wears orthopedic shoes
More news here from the weirdo American community
In March, Preston Litt, 47
Was arrested as the suspected stalker
Of Philadelphia news anchor Steve Litt

Allegedly, Litt followed Litt around
On assignments for three years
And sent him what Litt called
Special gifts
Such as car parts
And mail stolen from other people
Litt once congratulated Litt
On his ability to control the weather
And I can sort of sympathize with Steve Litt
The stalked news anchor
Because there are people probably listening to this
Show right now
That send crazy stuff to us, friends
You know, this is the church of the subgenius
It is a home and a forum
For the weirdo community of the world
But some of them are weirder
Than my comprehension can grasp
We do get things in the mail
That don't make a damn lick of sense at all
I guess it's
And it's not an artistic statement they're making
I don't think
I think that they find these old beat-up pieces of garbage
And trash, old books and things somehow meaningful
And they want to share it with us
Because they know the secret is hidden somewhere in there
And it probably is
Because you know the subgenius
As it says in Book of the Subgenius
The subgenius can see the future
In comic books and wine bottles
On the other hand
There are schizophrenic subgeniuses out there
And we do get
We have gotten
In case you ever wondered
We have indeed gotten vials of bodily fluid in the mail
People send us their hair
Fingernail clippings
Things like that
What they expect us to do with them
We just
We put it in the Dobbs Museum
Out in the entryway of the office
And so that you know
Those who come by can actually glimpse these senseless items
In April
The Foothill Leader newspaper in California profiled local man
Ludovic van Man
Salka
77
Prominent for having waged a 28 year war against his neighbors
Who he says manufactured drugs in their houses
In the beginning he would call the police
But after they repeatedly found no evidence of drugs in any of the homes
They started arresting Salka
Nowadays Salka is on his own
Screeching at neighbors at all hour of the day and night
He must yell
To be heard over the roar of a dozen industrial fans on his property
Which he says are necessary to blow away the drug fumes
Well I guess our old friend Bob Black and him can hang out together
And call the cops about all the drugs everywhere
The drugs being manufactured by their evil enemies
Their enemies who really are
Everywhere
Despite appeals by their more mainstream leaders
About 4,000 Shiite Muslims in Nabatiyah Lebanon
Slashed their heads with swords and razors in May
In the annual self-flagellation celebration of the revered 17th century Saint Hussein
The grandson of the prophet Muhammad
You know and isn't that something we should know
And should remember dear friends
As crazy as the religious nuts are in this country
We're actually getting by pretty easy
Okay in April
Well and here this is another example of just how easy we have it here
In the good old U.S. of A
In April a court in Hebei province in China
Found night watchman Qi Mingyan 61
Guilty of making 180 long distance calls on his employer's telephone
And sentenced him to life in prison
Life in prison for unauthorized long distance phone calls friends
I can sort of see that
I was in China for about six weeks several years ago
And I got to see a Chinese phone book
They have one phone book for the entire country
Of one billion people
The phone book for all of China is about the size of a small suburban American phone book
Plano, Texas or Richardson, Texas
Has more telephones than the vast sleeping giant that is China
It's a
Public phone with a white autistic son
unit
If you um
If you don't know who I am
And if in this instance what happens
It didn't make a lot of money
Okay
One of the national přih Government facilities
Good guys being enslaved.
As long as it's your enemies that have at it.
Here's some more Middle Eastern obsessions.
According to the new Judith Miller book, God Has 99 Names,
Muammar Gaddafi seriously pined for Bush administration State Department spokeswoman Margaret Tutwiler.
That could explain a lot.
Gaddafi had a thing for Tutwiler.
London's Sunday Telegraph reported that Syria's defense minister,
Lieutenant General Mustafa Tulas, continues to bombard Princess Diana with love letters.
His library is said to be decorated with pictures of her
and to contain the world's largest collection of books about her.
Well, now she is free.
Lieutenant General Tulas, now she is free.
You can go get your true yeti mate, your dream girl, Princess Di.
I don't know, she's not a princess anymore though, is she?
Okay, two girls at the Mount St. Mary Academy in Little Rock, Arkansas
were not permitted to attend their graduation ceremony in May
because of a school ruling barring pregnant students.
Girls who have had abortions,
abortions are not banned from the ceremony.
Yes, my friends, this is such a weird, weird world we live in.
And it seems sometimes to me, you know, sure, we're subgeniuses, we're weirdos.
But in some ways, aren't the normals all the weirder?
Are they not truly weirder than us in their strange acceptance?
Of that selfsame normality?
Yes, and that reminds me of a little song I should play here by Bill T. Miller.
These occurrences are pure figments of imagination.
Any abnormal sound?
No!
Ah!
Happily, delightfully, comfortingly normal!
Easy to remove.
Maybe normality the norm.
Normal!
Well!
Happily, delightfully, comfortingly normal!
The conspiracy made him want to be normal.
You fueled me, Doctor!
Impatible.
Absolutely impatible.
Absolutely impatible.
Mind over matter.
The whole of this is mind over matter.
Totally and absolutely mind over matter.
Mind over matter.
Normal!
Normal!
Why do you want to be normal?
Think about it, normals!
Normal!
Make more noise!
Come on, let's hear it.
Come on, let's hear it.
Am I getting the best way to ride?
Resist it.
Run.
Run.
Rumble.
Rumble.
Rumble.
Rumble.
Rumble.
Rumble.
Rumble.
Rumble.
Rumble.
Rumble.
Rumble.
Make more noise.
Let's hear it.
Come on, let's hear it.
Rumble.
Rumble.
And there's mine coming up here.
Rumble.

We're all going for it.
More.
Incredible.
Absolutely incredible.
Mind-blowing.
Mind-over-matter.
Mind-over-matter.
Have you ever had any fun?
Yes, it's helpful.
I think you've developed some kind of obsession here.
I think you need some help.
Incredible.
Absolutely incredible.
Why do you want to be normal?
You know?
It's more fun not to be.
Absolutely incredible.
Good stuff.
I didn't expect you to be this kind of just one kind of gentleman in the image now.
She's not something that you think is good enough.
Is that enough for them to do?
Tell them, let's be, let's just be professionals.
She's this kind of person that will get a little bit out of it.

gustado?

This other thing you yogurt on was ridiculous.
Hey guys, everybody knows how this shit works, right.
Do you like yogurto?

The conspiracy may be and ought to be normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Happily, delightfully, comfortingly normal.
These occurrences are pure pigments of imagination.
It's not normal.
Make more noise.
Let's hear it.
Come on, let's hear it.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Whoa.
Yeah, friends, that's Bill T. Miller from his CD, Open Your Ears,
which incidentally is one of the three CDs that are distributed by the Subgenius Foundation.
You can also get information about Bill Miller's CDs by calling him at 1-617-LICK-OB.
1-617-LICK-OBE
and I should
probably should mention the other couple of CDs
that we sell besides Bill Miller's Open Your Ears
which by the way all the songs
on that thing are as dense as that one
it's pretty amazing
there's a CD of
Subgenius DeVival
that is now out
called DeVival Then Fire
conspiracy says no connection
but it's true we did
do a DeVival in Madison, Wisconsin
at a little club
and several bad things happened
for one thing the club lied to us about how many people
they could get in there and somebody stole
one of our bleeding head of Arnold Palmer
replicas
and some transvestite tried to pick up Dr. Legume
which wasn't that big of a deal except that the
guy wouldn't quit
and three days after we left
the club burned to the ground
we also carry a very rare
German CD although you wouldn't think it was German
to listen to it it's sung in English
by the Klingons
a CD called Time Control
I know I'm not really supposed to advertise
but you know I mean
this is a church man
we gotta help the children
in fact I think
what I'll do for the rest of this show
is just play some excerpts from those CDs
so we'll be hearing the Klingons
and Dr. Legume
and in the meantime
I think it important
deathly important
that you know
the subgenius post office box number
which of course
as you probably know
but maybe you haven't done it yet
you can write to Bob
or somebody
whoever opens the mail here
usually me or Jesus
for free information
and that's
Bob
and Bob
it's fairly easy to spell
and that's Bob


it is spelled B-O-B
for you very sub subgeniuses out there
and the address is of course
post office box
140306
140306
in lovely
oh so lovely
Dallas, Texas
75214
and I'll see you next time


and uh
Dallas actually
you know it's actually
figure of speech friends
Dallas is not very lovely
it's uh
sits
uh
uselessly
uh
in the middle of the prairie
with not much to look at
but scrubby little trees
and scrubby prairie plains
grassland
and
the conspiracy
Dallas really is the home
of the conspiracy
well anyway
uh
let's get back into uh
I'll quit being bitter
and griping
and
bitching
and uh
we'll just hear what there is
available
digitally
from uh
the subgenius foundation
uh
cd uh
distribution arm
uh
thank you
brothers and sisters
what time is it
what time is it
what time is it
what time is it
what time is it
what time is it

no really
what time is it
does anybody know what time it is
1230
1230
is it 1230
is it 1230
yeah
well I disagree
I don't believe it's 1230
when everyone knows that it's not 1230
it's the end times
that's right brothers and sisters
it's the end times
and we at the church of the subgenius are here to give you a message
a message which may save your lives
I'd like to invite you to join us for a little bit of a talk

I'd like to tell you a little story about a man who joined the church of the subgenius a few years ago
I'm not going to name any names
when he first started out he was kind of an outcast
nobody really wanted anything to do with him
they all thought he was a weirdo or a freak
people wouldn't talk to him
he could be the last man in the bar at 2am
and he still could never get any p***y
well
one day he found a subgenius pamphlet laying down on the ground
and he read it and he said wow
you know these people are just like me
these people are outcasts just like me
so he wrote into the address and he bought himself a membership in the church of the subgenius
pardon me a minute
I hear you all talking in the back
yeah keep talking I can hear you back there
you won't be talking after July 5th 1998 though
you'll be screaming in p***y pain
well as I was saying this poor pathetic little loser
he couldn't do nothing right
but he went out and he sent his money into the church of the subgenius
he got himself a membership
became an ordained preacher for Bob
he went and bought himself some Bob t-shirts
and wore them until they rotted out
and he took them off his back
he bought all the subgenius books
and memorized them cover to cover
you can ask him what's on page 369 of revelation X
and he'd say there is no page 369 of revelation X
you could say what's on page 69 of the book of the subgenius
and he would tell you what's on page 69 of the book of the subgenius
word for word
in other words he was a sickening Bobby
he got to meet all the other subgeniuses
but since he kept blabbing on and on and on about all this meaningless bobs without ever catching on to the truth,
he just irritated them, and the outcasts cast him out, and he still did never get any pussy.
Well, eventually, the subgeniuses, they just didn't want to hang around with him anymore,
and nobody else wanted to hang around with him either because he was still a pathetic loser.
And finally, his parents didn't want anything to do with him, and they threw him out of his basement where he was living.
And he didn't have a job or anything, so he just ended up becoming a drunk and sleeping out in the gutters.
You know, he was cuddling up in the cardboard boxes back in the alleys, dumpster diving and all this.
And one day, a group of people came up, and they told him about Jesus.
That's right. They told him about Jesus.
And they took him, and they gave him.
They gave him a job, and they gave him a place to stay,
and they introduced him to a nice Christian girl.
And he thought that everything was pretty good.
You know, he ended up getting married, having some kids, a house with a white picket fence and a dog in the yard.
He hated the church of the subgenius.
He felt that he'd been shafted by them.
He felt that the devil had come into his life.
And tried to steer him down this false path.
He hated the church of the subgenius.
He hated the subgenius mythology.
He hated the belief system.
He hated Bob.
He hated Bob.
I know, most of you can't imagine what it would be like to hate Bob.
Maybe.
He hated Bob.
He denied that there would be an exodus invasion on July 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m.
He cursed Reverend Stang.
He denied Dr. Lagune three times in one day.
He spit on Jane or Hyperclete.
But then who has him?
What, brothers and sisters, will happen to this heretic on July 5th, 1998?
Would anyone like to take a guess what's going to happen to this heretic when the saucers come?
He will die.
He will be on the escape vessels on July 5th, 1998.
He will be on those saucers with the sex goddesses.
Because he paid his $30 subgenius membership fee.
He had his membership card in the church.
And even if you were to go out today and turn your back on Bob, forget that you ever heard any of this.
Even if you were to go out tomorrow and get a job.
Maybe even as president of the United States or a cop somewhere ripping apart people's cars.
Searching for dope.
You would still be able to get on the pleasure saucers.
As long as you had that subgenius membership card.
As long as you paid for that subgenius membership card.
Can you say the same?
Can you say that you're going to be on those escape vessels on July 5th?
Do you think you're going to squeak by just because you're cool?
Do you think coolness is going to get you onto those space vessels?
Well, what are you going to do on X-Day?
When suddenly all your paid in full subgenius buddies disappear?
Little bird brain, sneaky kind of smile.
Great big body reptile style.
Where did you go?
Nobody knows.
Just a change of climate or UFOs.
Then did the duck bill dance.
Some were living off lands.
Stegosaurus strobe.
Do the pterodactyl roll.
Some were living off lands.
Some were living off lands.
Some were living off lands.
Some were living off lands.
Scientists speculate.
Governing the dark.
Natural selection all too big for Noah's ark.
Fossils and stones.
And great big bones.
Just pieces of a puzzle.
And they, they still don't know.
They can't make the Earth shake.
