From NPR News in Washington, I'm under direction of an independent administrator.
The Justice Department says it has pee.
Senior Obama administration officials want to keep the pee.
Tom Pirelli says the department finished pee remains this weekend.
The Justice Department continues to investigate whether pee broke the disaster.
Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen has resumed drilling a pee well that's slated to intercept the end of this week.
Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen says...
President Obama says people can rest along the Gulf Coast.
We're excited that fish can go back to work. In fact, we had some yesterday.
President speaking as he welcomed taking a break.
But House Republican Leader John Boehner says...
Demanding and asking the question, where are the American people?
Boehner told NBC the way to stimulate the economy is by cutting hiring this morning.
Oscar-winning actress Patricia Neal is aimed at preventing...
tens of thousands of public school teachers and state and local government workers from NPR News in Washington.
Is this thing on? It is, huh?
It is on, and so are you.
You can scoot it over closer to your face if you want.
Oh, how many times have I fallen for that one?
How many times have you fallen for that one?
Too many. I'm starting to wear a pillow on my ass.
Helps on the landings.
Well, we have a great deal of material to go over today.
Some of the old tried and truisms need to be tried out once more.
Hashed out and beaten against the rocks and left out to dry.
Are you leaving too, Susie?
No, no, I'm not fleeing. I'm redistributing my wealth.
All right, well, let's have an even distribution of that.
I brought enough for the whole class.
Bounteous booty and begin our introductory religious lesson of instruction.
Welcome to the third 13X Day live hour of slack.
Which will sound really different the next time you hear it.
Well, yes, it will be specially augmented, but what about the background?
Do we have that today? Background?
Oh, background music?
Yeah, the background music track. There it is.
All right, now you see it.
It's a wonderful party.
It's wacky.
Yeah, we're all having a great time.
It's the unending cocktail hour here at X Day 2010,
the 13th X Day of beautiful summer weather here at the Brushwood Campground
where things are getting out of control.
Whoa, it's wacky, wild, goofy, wiggly.
I've never been in control in Brushwood.
That's what's so wonderful about it.
Let us not disabuse the unenlightened of their long-cherished, if pathetic, beliefs.
Mmm.
Of course, control, unillusioned, superimposed over the hideous, indifferent face of the universe.
But we live by such illusions.
At least I know I do.
Mmm.
That's how you pull the wool over your own eyes.
Yes, with the realization that although you can never truly know unless all the factors are considered,
you also can never know all the factors.
So you just have to guess at it.
Mmm.
Make a good guess.
And right then, and I tell you...
That's them again.
I wish there was someone to help me get out of this.
Yeah.
And I said, choo.
He goes, uh, I'm still eating it.
Uh, huh.
Give us a little bit of, give us, give us some, some, a little bit more about this.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob's Slack.
Um, uh, um, sounds simple.
Bob, you there?
He can, he can barely walk.
In other words, the show has been canceled.
Yeah, and we have a...
Have you no sympathy for the blind audience?
Well, it's traditional that we have no sympathy for the blind audience.
Well, I'm not sure.
I don't know if that's true.
They don't expect us to.
That's what I'm doing.
That's why they're listening.
I can barely stand to listen to your show.
You have so little sympathy.
Sorry.
Yeah, I mean...
It takes me, it takes me like three days to edit one of those two hour shows.
I can't listen to it when I'm listening to it.
Just for that one minute that's good.
I have to turn, I have to take the headphones off while I'm doing it.
Your shows are really hard to masturbate to, Stang.
It's really rude.
So you...
Oh, you mean, Stang's show is hard to masturbate to.
I'm glad you made that clear.
Well, we're hoping to change that with the...
I always choke the chicken to Dr. Hall and Philo, though.
Yeah.
They always make me get my nut and pull my toes.
We have had testimonials that people do get off listening to our show.
Well, I told you about masturbating Sean.
Long known.
We got masturbated himself to death listening to our show.
The thing is, I don't intend to...
My show has more masturbators than yours does.
I can't help it.
I don't know.
I don't know how many...
We have higher quality masturbators, though.
Well, I'll bring you that.
Yours are still alive.
The highest quality.
The most lovely.
We've tested our masturbators.


Our masturbators, through opinion research firms, have found that...
Firms.
Their knowledge is in-depth.
They know exactly what they like, what they want.
Now, do you know which person they masturbate to the most?
I know.
I'm sure each of you guys knows exactly which is the most popular.
Yes?
They only masturbate to me in prison.
Nothing?
It's a moot point.
No point in arguing with such geniuses.
We're just talking in a historical fashion.
I will not eat that bomb.
Hallelujah.
Here's the secret.
I no longer live.
Metamorphosis.
Hi.
All right.
Come on.
And so, you know, I...
Messing around with the girls.
Getting our girls pregnant.
Yeah.















Oh, I'm...
Oh, you know, I am...
I'm going to go.



Yeah.
Uh...
Amen?
Amen.
Amen.
And thanks, Reverend Heart Ignition.
Friends, aside from the lemur cuts at the beginning, all of the collages in this 1,270th
hour of Slack r Bi, Heart Ignition, so glad to have him back in the saddle.
Now, you know, friends, I like to edit these shows down so that nothing lasts longer than
three or four minutes tops.
Well, except for the live blabber shows where we're in the studio because we need to whip one out fast and get caught up.
Well, this one is sort of like that.
At 13X Day, we did a couple of hours a day of rambling live shows on stage as well as hours and hours of preaching and live music.
But I'm finding myself hard-pressed to edit it.
And one reason is that some of it is insipid drivel.
And it's hard work making that sound like a silk purse.
But I came upon one stretch of recordings that I feel should, despite its sow's ear nature, be left more or less uncut.
One morning at 13X Day, July 3rd, Dr. Howell, Reverend Susie the Fluesy, Dr. Philo Drummond, and I started doing show in front of many patient individuals.
And, well, most of it was insipid drivel too.
Maybe we needed more coffee.
In fact, you'll hear us get more coffee.
But after a little while, lonesome cowboy Dave showed up.
And that's where it turned into an old-timer, subgenius, fundamentalist, back-to-the-pamphlet, classic-inspired insipid drivel.
Because suddenly here you had almost all the key subgenius radio show blabbermouths of our 30-year history all in one place at one picnic table.
Well, puzzling evidence and Phineas Narco were missing.
And lies and your broke friend are big sissies.
But here at one picnic table on a little rascals-looking stage, you had Reverend Susie the Fluesy,
veteran of hundreds of Bob's Slack Time Funhouse shows on WREK in Atlanta,
who incidentally did not wear her shirt for some of this presentation.
You had me and lonesome cowboy Dave from Hour of Slack in WCSB Cleveland.
And you had Dr. Howell from the Puzzling Evidence Show and the Ask Dr. Howell Shows in Berkeley and San Francisco with his co-star.
And you had the actual first and only overman and co-sub-founder of the Church of the Subgenius,
lead singer of the Swingin' Love Corpses,
webmaster of QuiveringBrain.com,
director of the Subgenius Film Festivals,
and close personal friend of J.R. Bob Dobbs himself, Dr. Philo Drummond.
All those people in one place.
Now we'll also hear some music and sermons by Reverend Skull and Reverend D. Lister.
But first, let us now to the uncut and unfettered skit.
Skinner-breaking master recording itself from 13X Day.
I was going to point out a theory that I have.
Really, it's just an observation.
And friends, this is not a value judgment.
About monster fans versus comics fans.
Sometimes it's the same thing, but I'm more of a monster fan.
Now I've noticed the primary image that goes with monster movies and books is a great big ugly guy.
Caterpillar.
Carrying a pretty girl wearing very little clothing.
Carry-on monster.
Whereas the primary image for comic book fans is two men in tights grappling with each other.
Hitting each other.
Like I say, I'm not making a value judgment, but I'm a monster fan.
Did anybody watch Octoman the other night?
Sure enough, he picks up the girl and starts plodding along with her for a long, long time.
You know, you've got to have that.
The carry.
It was so dark.
The creature.
Very dark movie.
Not even the same species.
But when he sees Julie Adams, he has to pick her up and just carry her.
Who wouldn't?
Yeah.
Well, I would.
Well, I think your observation about men grappling.
Didn't you say you met Julie Adams?
Is that turning you on, Dr. Drummond?
Well, I have to.
I have to.
It just seems so odd that you would make that observation.
Men grappling versus monsters.
I never noticed it before.
Do you know how I was talked into meeting you for the first time, Dr. Drummond?
This is historic.
My sister-in-law said,
You mean you had to be talked into it?
These people that I knew in Austin have moved to Dallas, Stang,
and you should go see these folks because you'd really hit it off with this guy.
And I said, I hate everybody.
I don't want friends.
And she said, well, this guy's different.
Now, she goes, he's into comic books.
He's into comic books and Captain Beefheart.
Now, that describes every subgenius.
But at the time, I didn't know anybody else.
I knew lots of people who liked comic books and lots of people who liked Captain Beefheart.
But not both.
It was the crossover that made that.
It was that foreign index key that made it easily retrievable by that one odd character.
And I think that's what made it so interesting.

In the crowd that there's a whole bunch of here.
I went over to your house in Dallas,
and then he showed me what was even better than the comic books,
his collection of kook pamphlets.
And that was when I knew that Philo and I were true Yeti mates.
Because, you know, Captain Beefheart and comic books
and a big collection of Jack Chick comics.
Yeah.
Now you're talking.
Oh, Chick tracts attract chicks.
So it wasn't long before we were cranking out kook pamphlets and horrible music.
And bad comics.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's great.
Which is the church.
We learned from the great.
The great.
And of course, Philo introduced me to Bob.
I did not know anything about it.
But he had been recruited before anybody else.
Isn't that incredible, ladies and gentlemen?
Can't avoid that guy.
Captain Beefheart helped bring us together.
Yeah.
Now, I heard that Bob kidnapped.
He kidnapped Philo when he was a young boy from a W.T.
Grant's restroom and kept him in Tucson and raped him for 20 years.
It's amazing the stories you hear about people's childhoods.
I heard it was a Woolworth's restroom.
And that's why he walks that way.
I heard that it was a wolf.
He was a wolf cub in those days.
Hey, look.
There's Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yeah.























So here he is.
He's not so lonesome after all.
We thought we were going to have to get ragtime Cowboy Joe.
Hey, I can tell he's been wrestling.
He's got that band-aid across his forehead where he bladed himself so he'd bleed, you know, for the show.
You're going to peel that band-aid off later and bleed for everybody, right?
Boy, there's a bunch of old people up here now.
That's right.
Hey, now I got this little half-erect mic again.
How'd this happen?
It's old.
Only half-erect.
Yeah.
What's BFC stand for?
What's that banging against the table?
Susie will show you how to work that thing.
I can't believe it says I never made that connection before.
There are no connections here now.
BFC.
Dave, can I get your cup of coffee?
Surely.
Okay.
We got it.
And the lard to put in it.
Oh.
Ah.
Oh.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
I'm not used to that.
Amazing.
Did everyone have their beans and lard this morning?
Did you?
So we've been waiting for you.
You had your beans and lard this morning?
I love you so much.
Did you have your beans and lard this morning?
Mrs. Mammy Whistle, you there with the unguntine hair.
Did you have too much this morning?
Too much.
Oh, fella.
Thanks, Pappy.
All right.
So just the new guys get coffee?
What about those of us that have been here before?
Do we get coffee?
Do we get any coffee?
You can get it.
Yeah, you can go over there and get that.
I'll get you coffee.
From the coffee service.
It's right back there.
I'm going to squat down here.
That's in keeping.
Let's have the woman serve the coffee.
Nothing to do with Joe DiMaggio.
No, don't.
I don't know.
I don't need any cream in my coffee this time.
Don't want no sugar in your pudding.
Hey, guess what?
There's no coffee.
It was all a sham, a mockery.
This is filled with dark-colored mucus, man.
Just drink it.
Drink up.
You look like a professional wrestler, Dave.
You look like a professional wrestler.
You've got cups.
You can pretend like you're drinking coffee.
You've got the Band-Aid on your forehead, you know?
Like you're getting ready to take it off.
And during the match, you know, when somebody gives you a chair shot.
Well, we're going to have coffee, and we're going to have a lot of things.
I don't think we need to quarrel over coffee.
And we certainly don't need to talk about the trevination scar here, which was a poor
attempt.
No, thanks.
I won't use the cream.
I won't need the cream right now.
You know, lonesome cowboy Dave, I appreciate your scar.
No, no.
It's perfectly fine.
But I have to say, it must pale besides the great scar of legume, which has been on the
side.




I've been showing this to you on the display for the past couple of days.
But it's a fine, righteous scar.
Where is legume?
You see here?
He's back there, that scarred bastard.
Saw him earlier.
There he is.
Yeah.
Man.
Has he shown his scar yet?
He has shown it.
He's been showing that scar.
I'll show it to you, by appointment only.
His butt crack goes all the way up the back of his spine, up over his head, down the nose,
across the lips, and down the front again.
And he's got a camel toe.
That was one hell of a surgery.
You've got a zipper.
You need a camel toe.
He's got two camel toes now.
I think they just chainsawed him down.
He's got a camel toe.
He's got a camel toe and frozen furs that kind of .
I see him back there, looking up here.
Look, he's nodding his head.
He's not happy.
He died five times and they didn't bring him back.
He doesn't like this particular conjecture, this angle, this tangent.
Not while he's drooling like that.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Although I saw his eyebrows go up that time.
The valiant never tasted death but once.
So you're saying that Dr. Legume had his operation, he was cut in half vertically?
Yeah.
He was cut.
He was bifurcated.
That was the only way to get that deep down inside.
Yeah.
That reminds me of that old Justin Wilson joke, remember?
He said they had a car wreck and he asked his wife after the wreck, he said, honey,
is you hurt?
She said, oh, I'm cut from all the way up here to all the way back here.
And he said, I know, but is you hurt?
Anyway, he had to get up.
He had to get up.
Justin Wilson.
You had to pee there.
Yeah, you had to pee there.
He was no Bill Hicks.
You had to have been him.
You're supposed to finish it with I guarantee.
I guarantee.
That's apparently where everybody knew they were supposed to be.
They had to laugh up to that point.
That's pink humor, nothing funny, but as soon as the catchphrase comes up, they know they're
supposed to robotically laugh.
That was during that time of double entendre.
You couldn't really say that stuff.
Oh, I remember those days.
You had to layer up.







You had to layer it on real heavy.
The days of sociopaths and double dildos.
Man, that was.
You get like Jeb and Cousin Easy doing the golf game where it's like, okay, you grabbed
your putter.
Yeah, that guy that painted the pictures, but they were totally, but it was for women
that were painting in the nude.
Or men.
Painting men and women in the nude.
I painted in the nude a lot.
All those rocks I did.
Oh, yeah, I got one of those rocks.
I painted those rocks naked.
I got a rock with a pipe on it.
And you used to leave the studio for a while.


I left the doors wide open so everyone could see.
It's a place of veneration.
Well, you painted those rocks?
I thought those were the angel turds.
Well, I them out first, and then I painted them.
Don't worry.
I thought that angels them out already painted.
It's stagecraft.
The artwork was stagecraft.
I'm sorry to disabuse you.
I wanted to abuse you.
It was an angle, not an angel.
Well, you did.
It was misplaced.
Yeah.
I'm going to find out what's supposed to be going on right now.
Well, we already have.
We've had Biceys read the schedule.
You'll have to catch up.
Pay more attention.
You missed the naked stuff.
I got here late.
I didn't mean to get here late.
There was a lot of naked stuff.
It was great naked stuff.
Could it be replayed in front of us right now?
No, it could not, because we do not photograph it.
That's part of the law there.
The girls won't take their clothes off if they know their grandmas
are going to be able to see it on the Internet tomorrow.
We have to take mental pictures.
Back before grandma was on the Internet,
oh, they'd show off their tits, every boy with the camera.
But then granny got on America Online and immediately looked up subgenius.com.
I'm going to see what my little granddaughter,
See, the show's gotten better already.
Televangela's been up to.
Grandma's not a natural blonde.
See, that's all it takes to improve the show.
Oh, my God, there's my little granddaughter, Televangela,
wrestling naked on a giant American flag.
With Jane-er.
With all you boys.
With Jane-er.
Jane-er wishes.
Sex on the American flag.
Sex through the window pane.
Jane-er was given his chance.
I know what y'all are seeing here.
Oh, what was this about not snapping pictures?
Well, you know.
Yesterday, yesterday we lied and told the radio audience we were all naked,
but this time we're not lying.
Is there a neo-Nazi rally for peace tonight, my brotherhood?
A rally?
A neo-Nazi rally for peace?

A political demonstration here at Brushwood?
I think we're beyond petty human politics.
That's correct.
No one here is a Whig or anything like that, eh?
That's correct.
We've left it all behind.
We've flipped the Whigs.
We've left the Federalist tissue paper in the toilet where it belongs.
It's time to join the ex-humanite party.
The ex-humanites shall rise from the ashes.
And believe me, you're all a bunch of ashes from what I can see right now.

If we're even thinking of it.
Yeah, well, I'm like a phoenix rising from the asses.
It ends a physical body.
It has raised a spiritual body.
And there is no such thing.
And staying reached for his nuts.
In sure and certain hope of resurrection.
The day after tomorrow.
I wanted for us more nuts.
The love.
It's one more.
Would you think of it, Dr. Howell, it's always propounded as to be the day after tomorrow.
When will the world end?
When will this new thing come about?
When will we all be lifted up into some sort of potty chair?
Some giant fuzzy potty chair made out of strange musicians?
We have a date and a time.
A date and a time.
Here comes the candy.
A specific date and time.
Candy.
Candy for Mandy.
Candy for Mandy.
Lovely, sugary, candy.
There's peanuts on the microphone.
There's butterscotch.
There's candy.
And there's chewy nougat.
There's blisters on the bare butt.
What's the point of this?
Oh well, it's X-Day.
There's a weird cackling sound coming from the bushes.
What illegal piece of candy shall I consume?
I've worn out the getses by putting them between my boobs first.
What the hell is this?
Even on Halloween I never saw.
It's got a creamy center which is disgusting.
It does.
I generally steer clear of those.
You can poke your tongue right through the creamy center.
But I just gotta try it.
Getses.
Go on and give it your best try right now.
I always have to tongue pork these.
I think, I think, therefore I stink.
How obvious.
You're drinking coffee.
You could have candy and coffee like they have in Amsterdam.
Here's Smarties.
These will make you smarter.
Brain candy.
Those are rabbit pellets.
Then you line it with the lemon head in there.
It's sort of like a Tootsie Roll that ran into a boreal at high speed.
I'm gonna save this bit of honey for later.
The good thing about this is that it's not a candy.
It's a candy.
But is there an antidote?
Mary Jane.
Wow.
That's another thing I hated when you radio DJs get on and start talking about how yummy
the food is that you're eating, and the poor radio listeners.
All they have to eat is that sound coming out.
You know, what's the part of our show that you like, Reverend Smith?
Yeah, tell us something good that we do.
Tell us something that you like about it.
All right?
Why all this bitching about other radio shows?
The silent parts, right?
I'm the main one.
I have to talk that way.
There's gotta be something.
I mean, if you were recommending our show to somebody...
Where we're going.
We're taking a breath, right?
I would say that listening to the puzzling evidence show is like walking through a dream.
A world in which you were at the party of the most clever, spontaneous surrealists.
To compete, it's like...
You could ever imagine.
It's like all of them talking at once with the sound effects turned up way too loud.
It's like attacking an evil monster with a tiny little sausage.
It just can't be done, but you valiantly try.
You hold that sausage aloft and you...
And then you're like, oh, I'm gonna eat it.
And then you're like, oh, I'm gonna eat it.



And then later on some unlistenable pop music.
Japanese pop.
I'm sorry.
Thank y'all.
You certainly are.
What do you think?
There's a phone call coming in?
Is it...
Is Washington calling?
Has Washington called yet?
Background pictures.
When are we gonna have to start getting entertaining?
Have we warmed up enough yet?
It's been the last three hours, hasn't it?
Well, we've got the background pictures.











background picture and we got the background music.
The band wants
their microphones back.
I'll put my shirt back on and we can
begin. The band wants their microphones back.
It wants to fumigate them
this time. Has anyone
in the listless audience
spouted one of these unusual tumors
lately? I mean just out of the clear blue it just
pops out real hard and
it like points at different
radio frequencies. Does anybody
know? I got one. I had that once.
It's more like a three more. I had that once.
I can cut it out with a
big knife. I can
help you out with that if you need some help.
Can't you just bite the head off it and
sploot it? We do a biopsy.
You look like you've got the shames for it.
Could you give it a try? We do it just like a
biopsy but we
forego all the scientific part of it.
How did
you stumble over that?
I had no idea.
We'll be right back.
Boggles.
Well thank you.
Boggles my mind.
Dave
I noticed that you're wearing a
bandage over your third nostril.
I told you that
and I told the listless audience that that was
a kind of a poor
attempt. He's got
a scar. He was lancing a boil.
To trepanate my third eye.
Oh I thought that had already
been done. How valiant.
A do it yourself third eye trepanation?
Well after the miscalculations
on the first 14 tries
I suppose something had to be done.
I mean people say I fidget
with it too much. But how can you
fidget with it too much?
It's not a fun thing to
fidget with. Fidget is like
a tool tool.
They're often hard to reach.
Yeah that's what it is. It's a horn stub.
Yes it's a horn.
An antler root.
It is crowing and crowing daily.
And by the time
5 a.m. in the morning
on the 5th
it's 4 a.m.
and then sometimes
5 a.m. in the morning
this antler will bloom
like a giant rose bush.
I think it would be cool to have
an antler sprouting from your head.
I wanted a giant penis
to sprout from my head
because I knew it would be a symbol of masculine power.
People don't
don't
don't ever. It could make you very
popular too.
It could pop you right up there.
Yeah you'd be like on the top level
of popularity with a huge
penis.
If it was a small one you'd have to join the many
millions of underachievers.
If it was a small one you'd just be apologizing
for it all the time.
I thought you were just going to say you'd be a politician.
Well you don't need that
to be a politician.
They've proven that you don't really need anything.
Actually these special glasses
Bob sells you can see the penises
sprouting out of the politician's head.
It's like they live
but not too badly.
I've actually been
to the halls of the
of Congress
and they have a water fountain there that says
power on it.
And you just sip on it and it just makes you
really powerful.
That's the one of the cherry whites only.
And it makes you know everything and know a lot better.
Is that the one of the cherubim
urinating on everyone's head?
They will at your request
after you sip off of this
water fountain.
No I'm not allowed. I'm not an elected
official so I don't get a chance to.
I'm just one of the pleads.
He's an elected unofficial.
And that was behind Rocknar's campaign.
He hoped if elected to taste that
Perian Spring.
I told him he wouldn't be able to resist it.
Well he wouldn't be able to resist the money anyway.
One sip and you have to go back.
It's like the most addictive.
Liquid crack?
Liquid.
It's more than liquid crack.
A real Ponce de Leon.
It's like liquid crack heroin.
It is a fountain of juice.
It tastes good and smells good too.
Well you're making me thirsty as you describe this.
Well it's one sip.
And you become twice as thirsty as you were when you first drank it.
Political waters.
So deep.
So murky.
The water of Bob.
The water of Bob.
But it's worth it because you're so much smarter after that.
The yellow water of Bob.
And you know so much more than everyone and so much better than everyone.
Say for instance you had to perform an instant...
And you know then that it's true.
You are better than everyone.
And this trickles down?
Onto your feet.
It only trickles down into the one individual.
Who's actually sipping of the special sauce.
Bob's pee. I mean water can trickle up.
It's more like blood dripping from an abused...
It's a special water fountain.
You can only get it in this few areas.
You know you have to go.
There's a bunch of old guys standing in line waiting to drink on it.
Yes. Step right up, senor.
This is the water of youth.
The fountain you have dreamed of for so long.
There's vendors that service the line while you're in it.
Only one cup per passenger.
You know there's guys selling hot dogs and drinks and stuff.
While you're waiting in line to sip on that.
Yeah but those aren't real...
Those aren't real people.
Or not people.
Those aren't real hot dogs.
They're vendors.
Yeah.
They're psycho-cyborgic vendors.
Who look like people and have all the irritating...
Psycho-cyborgic?
And have all the irritating qualities...
Of a normal vendor.
Cybornation.
Too much onions.
Not enough.
Unlicensed vendors.
Get away from me.
Screw off.
Die, die, die, die.
That's the way it was back in the year 1395.
When Grandpappy fell out of this hole right here.
And when he did, he brought back many secrets.
One of which is...
I don't know what it's called.
It's bad, bad, bad.
That's easy for you to say, sure.
But in today's modern world, it's all tied up with a bureaucratic...
So simple.
Tangle of regulatory structure.
Making it impossible to put up a taco stand without trespassing on somebody's copyright or legal liability.
I don't think so.
You can't do it.
I own a taco.
And one half.
No hot dogs beyond the wiener wagon fringed around the pail.
What is going to cut through all the red tape?
What Alexandrian sword will cleave the Gordian tangle caused by busybodies, goo-goos, and...
Nosey...
Well, I think that the key word in your statement would be...
Sword.
It takes a sword to cut through that knot.
That was Alexander's solution.
Hey, Reverend Suds, how's the coverage on the CD recordings?
That was...
Okay, so in a few minutes, we'll need to shut up long enough to flip the CD.
I love that new quick-moving technology.
Subgenius is 72, humans 16.
That was the score last night, but when you take a look again at what happened,
there have been a lot of discrepancies in the film and the footage.
Number one here, the first thing, it was a bad call as J.R. Bob Dobbs emerged from the bushes
and ripped one of the very, very hapless, unlikely first-time submitters to the cause.
Tore his head neatly off his shoulders and then ate the neck juice.
But you said that was J.Nor Bob Dobbs, not J.R. Bob Dobbs.
J.Nor B.W.O.B.
J.Nor Bob Dobbs.
May.
I never heard one.
Where was that one?
He's going a little bit far with that one.
That one is implied by the Church of the Sub-Jaynor, if you'll think about it for a moment.
Because according to the doctrine of the Church of the Sub-Jaynor, everyone is a member,
and that would include Bob Dobbs. He would be Sergeant Jaynor Dobbs.
Even members of the Church of Don?
Yes. The only one who can't be a member of the Church of the Sub-Jaynor is, of course, Jaynor.
According to the rules created by Nenslow,
Right.
assassinated Nen Master, or as some call him, Sergeant Jaynor Nenslow.
Assassinated Nen Master Nenslow.
All members of the Church of the Sub-Jaynor are allowed to address each other as Sarge Sarge,
and take the name Sergeant Jaynor, followed by your actual name.
Can they say ma'am, captain?
Sarge Hal.
I mean, they're telling us Sarge Jaynor.
Sarge Jaynor.
Sarge Jaynor.
I'm sorry, ma'am.
I'm sorry.
I drink some of this brackish water that comes in.
I drink a thousand times a thousand twangling instruments about my hair.
He's the most non-Jaynor of non-Jaynor's.
Hey, but if we're talking about Jaynor, that means I can't use it on my show.
That has hurt me.
We're talking about Nenslow.
How come there's been so much talk about Jaynor this time, which is all unusable?
I'm talking about Nenslow.
Well, we can dig it.
Because it makes us feel free to say the unusable.
Well, you say the unspeakable.
What we're not usually allowed to talk about, or even mention.
The unbroadcastable.
We're talking about Shaft.
But it's X-Day.
The uneditable.
We need Shaft.
And you can always, should we survive X-Day in some way, you could always put pork slap.
Who has an instrumental version of Shaft?
I should have one taped to my leg.
We could also use the oblique channel, and we could just refer to it as, in her it is, non-Jermainer.
You can bleep it out.
Weep?
Bleep it out.
Weep.
Weep and bleep.
That's the cry of the unused radio.
Can you do me?
Bleep that ye may not weep.
Can you do me?
Can you see with those eyes crossed that bleep?
What the bleep do we know?
God, was that the most horrible movie.
The movie irritated me.
I just wanted to stab the screen with a big knife.
Four minutes until we have to shut up long enough for Potter Nostril to change the high-speed duplicator.
Yes, four minutes.
Jane or Jane or Jane or Jane.
Two minutes of, uh, that's when everybody gets really, really funny.
As soon as I know the recorder's off.
As sure as nothing is happening.
Yes, we haven't been saying much.
The little Laff-O-Meter has been down to below zero for quite a while now.
I think we ought to just get very, very quiet and pretend.
D. Lister.
I don't know about the rest of you, but I have been out there in the world of the pinks and the normals preaching the word of Bob.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
And the most frequent question that I am asked is, how can I get slack?
How can you?
If you have to ask, then you cannot get slack.
Because slack is not something that you can strive to attain.
Am I right?
Yeah!
Slack is something that comes to you when you least expect it.
Woo!
Woo!
And if you are asking for it, then you will never get it.

It's kind of like sex in that way, isn't it?
Yes!
Well, those of you who have not experienced sex yet, I guess can't really answer that question.
Sorry.
But anyways, the slack that I have been experiencing here has been the best slack that I have had.
But yet, I'm sure there's better slack out there.
Am I right?
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
There can be!
I can't tell!
Because there's always better slack than what you have had.
Yeah!
Because there's no limit to the quality of the slack that you can experience.
No limits!
No limits!
No limits!
Because if there was a cap on the slack quality, then once you achieve the limit of slack,
then what else would there be to live for?
There wouldn't be nothing!
Exactly, brother!
Until the sexes get here, which we hope they will do in less than 36 hours, then we must
strive to not care about our slack, and that's how we will get our slack.
But also, the people that are out there, that are here, that are just wandering around,
milling around, just...
Just doing whatever they want.
That is slackful!
I will admit that is slackful.
However, there should also be some helping out with everything.
Right?
Volunteering.
Is volunteering a good thing, Pisces?
It certainly is.
Is that good slack from volunteering?
There is a definite slack reward for volunteering, yes.
If you give away that slack, you'll get it back!
Thank you!
If you didn't hear that, if you give the slack, you get it back!

You can help out in many ways.
Pick up trash that you see.
That will give you slack.
Help out the reg desk, or the slack shack.
Swag shack, whatever.
That gives you slack.
But, as Reverend Sex Mortis said, the most important thing is to not f*** your own business.
With anyone else's slack!
Because f***ing with someone else's slack is the anti-slack!
And nobody wants the anti-slack.
Ladies and gentlemen,
for the past ten years, we've heard nothing about, on TV, except about, we're Americans.
Right?
And we're the biggest, we're the toughest nation in the world, man!
We're a bunch of pussies!
You go to some place and you get lousy service.
And you say, I'll show them.
I'll fill up this little 4x8 car that goes to somebody in the corporate office.
We need to take a clue from some other country.
Just look at the people in the corporate office.


You know, I was reading the paper about five years ago.
In Argentina, a bunch of passengers were stranded at the airport.
You know how they have to do it to you?
Know what they do to you?
You know how they do it to you?
You leave at the airport, no plane.
They burn down the f***ing airport!
That's how they do it!
F*** that 5x8 car!
You burn down the f***ing restaurant!
You don't like that steak?
You gotta go to the airport!
You don't like that steak?

How many Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?
Sixteen!
That's right.
You need two of them to complain because the lightbulb burned out.
You need two of them to blame the government.
You need three of them to hire illegal aliens to change the lightbulb
because they're too fat and lazy to do it themselves.
You need none of the two of them to go on Fox News
and blame Obama.
How many is that?
All of us count.
Well, you need the rest of them.
The rest of them gotta complain because the illegal aliens done took the job
even though they would never stoop as low to change a lightbulb.
They need the rest of them.
They said they'd change a lightbulb unless they get like a secret no big contract
and a tax break.
But they'll change the lightbulb after that.
That's why we're pussies.
Yeah, we're all pussies!
Yeah, we're all pussies!
I'm sick of it.
You know what?
The conspiracy has been bullshitting us since I was a little kid.
Because when I was a kid in first grade, used to show all these movies what the future's
gonna be like.
Yeah, the future's gonna be perfect.
We're gonna have flying cars.
We're gonna have talking dogs that go,
what, old wretch?
We're gonna have houses on the moon.
Well, I'll tell you what.
I'm looking around.
I ain't got no flying car yet!
I want my flying car!
I want my flying car!
F*** the conspiracy!
I want my flying car!
I want it now!
Last night I heard a prominent subgenius angry because he hadn't received his flying car.
His flying car?
His flying car.
Yeah, it was Reverend Scull.
Reverend Scull was complaining about not getting his flying car.
I must say, that was an unusual rant for you.
That was not your normal sermon.
There were a lot more vocabulary words in it.
I can see your...
More than one.
In English.
I kind of feel the same way about the whole flying car thing, though.
I wish I had one.
I was really impressed by the ranting last night.
But I did hear that they're kind of like clearing the way through the FCC on that issue.
Not the FCC, the FAA.
FAA.
They did build flying cars, but they had to stop manufacturing them because no one can use them.
Because the moment your flying car takes off, it becomes an aircraft and you have to file a flight plan and you're in another level of...
But now we have the internet.
FAA.
So you instantly file a templatized flight plan on the internet and that takes care of the government paperwork.
And also there are plenty of sebaceous cysts and lots of crowns in the hallway.
So you need to get the invisibility thing worked out and then it all becomes a moot point.
The flying cars they came up with were good, too.
Hugh Hefner bought one.
They have a cruising range of 300 miles.
They fly.
They do everything you think, except they're totally illegal to use.
But that's what I was saying.
The FAA has just recently come up with some standards to help ease the...
We're going to have to wrap it up for two minutes here.
Okay, we have to wrap it up while the radio runabout turns over.
And so we leave you with the beautiful sounds of recorded music.
We'll be back in two seconds.
It's my turn.
See you then.
Next week with a new episode of the Leviathan's Tale.
We'll have a lot of dates, just about anything we've ever known.



Bye.








Bye.





Bye.





Bye.

We're gonna night just like this.
Several years ago, I think, and I'd gotten up in the middle of the night to sing, because
well, I had a bit too much to drink, but I swear I saw a figure walking across that field
and with a glowing fish instead of, I just fell to my knees and I kneeled and there he
was.
I knew that smiling grin and there he was.
Bob's come back home to us again, I said.
Bob's come back home to us again.
But something sinister was afoot.
There was this coldness in my soul taking root.
And I wasn't 100% sure of what was to happen or be.
But that wasn't Bob.
And he was coming right for me!

Yeah!
Yeah!

Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!

Yeah!

Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!


Oh, I'm glad that Bob's coming back.
Oh, I'm glad.

I bet you're happy!


I do too.

Oh, God.
Oh, no!
You're such a legend.


It is!
It is!
I'll tell you one of my favorite stories.
I don't put jeans on.
Come on, look at me.
Radical.
If you want to do that, that's fine, but I don't.
We're going to stop you, Bob.
All right.
Woo!
Okay.
Bob, come on.
Kill Bob.
You're looking at me like you didn't get it.
We get that a lot, friends, and we got that cut from Heart Ignition.
Before that was Priestess Pisces and Six-Fisted Tales of Connie at 13X Day Thursday night,
making it all up as they went along, as is this music in the background.
Six-Fisted Tales that night included Reverend Angry Larry, Reverend Suds Peshaw, Reverend Phil,
Senator Speck, Dr. Philo Drummond, and Reverend Bunny Day.
Stang just drained a gallon out of that thing.
That's because he's going to turn that useless water.
He's got it.
That stuff floating around in the water.
All those coins, but damn.
Powerful coffee will be produced out of that water.
Stuff just floating in the water.
Yeah.
Animalcules.
Animalcules?
Foraminifera.
Foraminifera.
Gyroscopa.
Tiny diatoms, spider squids, ding futzers, and whirligigs.
Gynecoli.
Only microns in diameter.
Frostbitten fleas.
Hard-bitten fleas.
Arguments with hard-bitten floozies.
This is X-Day Radio.
That's right.
The legend burned across the land, blazing like a burning brand or whatever, for X-Day.
Doctor, how long has the legend gone on?
Well, as long as there were brave, hardy sons of the soil hacking and chopping their way westward.
Through the grave.
Through the great American landscape.
Chopping Indians and eating fires.
This was a wonderful time in our country.
And they just, they've landed here again for your listless pleasures.
Yes, they built general stores and sutleries.
Laid railroads down across the prairies.
Conestoga.
Hewed down Indians.
And hacked open waterfalls and built the great American slag heaps.
Dug up the gold.
Argued with the acoustics of the sound.
And brought the
The source of all life.
Of strange little one-celled organisms and
Everybody knows what is real.
Flagellates.
I have dogs.
Grotophers.
I have dogs.
I have a family.
So those, uh, grotophers were washed out of the coffee urn.
In any case, it's going to get warm for them in a few minutes.
And then they'll be ready to drink.
You see, uh, sterilization, pasteurization, that does work.
You can scour the little buggers out of there.
Ask me, Lois Pasteur.
I was the one who invented this .
Really, I was.
And they sneered at Louis Pasteur.
Just like Symantec invented the virus.
They snickered at the snicker bar.
They sneered and snickered.
If there are these little bugs, why can we not see them?
Why cannot we argue with them, on for say?
We have special software to detect them now.
I think the little bugs are in your mind, monsieur, between your eyes.
Look!
One of them is wearing a punching bag and a blow horn.
And a tiny derby hat.
They don't bother a body anymore.
A tiny derby hat.
With a little umbrella.
And he's waving it at us.
Can't you see?
Wave back, quickly!
Quickly!
He...
Too late, he died.
His life cycle was too short.
The only way to prolong the life cycle would be to pump more rotif... rotif... rotif...
back into the water.
Pack him in amber.
It's...
Look!
This tiny vial of urine.
Of Dobbs's urine.
It's all the rotif... rotif... rotif... we need.
So, Herr Van Leeuwenhoek was startled to see, looking through his experimental microscope,
the tiny waving dog.
The tiny waving Dobbs inside each sperm.
Now we have to change to the Dutch accent and wonder why this is moving on the Petri
Gase so finely.
Ahh!
It kept pumping that sample out.
Yeah, you've seen those little, those old ingredients.
I can do this all day.
Especially when there's no connective tissue in your brain.
That's the most important part.
Just let it slide slickly around from hemisphere to hemisphere.
.
.
Shhhwk.
Shhhwk.
Shhhwk.
Shhhwk.
Shhhwk.
Yes, your brain is like a washing machine and the agitator inside disturbing its contents
is Bob.
It used to be...
It's that pipe.
It's going around and around....
Making that chugging noise.
Up and down.
No one else can hear that.
That is you.
.
Well, now I can hear it, but...
.
.

That's like an illustration of what it's like.
Makes it hard to sit on it.
That's why.


During the spin cycle.
Oh, the spin cycle.
You vibrate.
You go to pieces all over.
I don't know.
I did it.
I evened the slate.
How I didn't bust myself all to hell is beyond me.
On Saturday mornings, I'd stand on our front porch,
and as the kids came by, I'd beat up and cuss.
I pulled a grenade out and threw it.
Bodies.
More than a dozen horses had been killed.
God.
God.
Dead horses.
Chunks of beef.
At least it wasn't me.
Incontinental drift.
Do you have that?
Incontinental drift, yeah.
Yeah, but that's right.
It's a chronic problem.
That's why we have this event outdoors.
Some planets.
So much of us have these leakage issues.
We got it.
Is anybody here?
Dispersal.
Dispersal.
Arguments with wigs.
These are all things we have to watch for.
We have to stay on the steadfast.
And on the standfast.
We have to stand fast against these things,
and for them, too, if they're necessary.
It says stand fast for what you believe in,
and sit down on your own stool.
Now, the world is scheduled to end
the day after tomorrow, right?
But I've read some end-of-the-world paranoid stuff
about that oil zit,
Mother Earth zit, the oil volcano.
But what's that?
It's so paranoid that to read this guy's rants,
you'd think that it's going to be a close tie
between the exes getting here in a day and a half,
or whether the waves of oil will be splashing
over this far inland and submerge Brushwood.
Wow.
You know, the concept of,
well, we do know how much oil is in there.
Well, what if there's more oil down there than there is?
It could be that the whole...
For all we know, the whole Earth is filled with oil,
and that's just where it's squirting out now.
Maybe we could work out a deal with blood for oil.
I heard that was a thing.
But there's no blood.
I'd rather see waves of blood.
Now, that would be really cool.
It's just a big bucket, a big barrel of oil.
That would be really cool.
We could work out a deal of buns for oil.
Or, no, wait, I'm sorry.
It could possibly mean the end of the world
in a very, very short period of time.
Somebody said they had stuffed up that leak.
That was Legume.
Legume said they got a wedding band over it or something, right?
No, some cork and some Kraft cheese.
He did say they put a wedding band over it.
So they were married.
In a short time, moved to Binghamton Springs.
There they lived for approximately 23 seconds
before the insecticide.
Actually, speaking of,
that's a catastrophe du jour.
It's not just like one hole that needs to be plugged up anyway.
The entire bottom there is porous,
and it's under mud.
It's under loose mud.
It's hard to tell what the bottom is.
It could be coming up in many different ways.
And messing it, shaking it around
may open it up more
so that more oil rises up.
I lost track of things.
You're not talking about me, are you?
Don't forget, you know,
where the plate tectonics,
where the plates are separating,
there's actual magma coming out of the earth.
We've got to plug that stuff up, too.
Because magma's not good for anybody.
You've got to clean your plates.
Everybody I know who's ever gotten magma on them
has died from it.
I know.
Forget all those stupid Hollywood movies
where they almost fall into the volcano.
There's magma coming out.
Oh, I almost got the lava that's right there on me.
He'd be cooked.
He'd be flash-cooked
before he could get out.




Say that sentence.
From rock that's heated to glowing heat,
it's right there.
It doesn't matter if you don't get any on you.
You can drink crude oil and live for a few hours,
but if you drink magma,
you're going to die almost instantly.
The earth is just going to kill you anyway.
Somehow or another, you're going to die.
We live by sufferance on the thin skin
around the dangerous, toxic, molten interior of the earth.
Yeah, we're worrying about all this microscopic stuff.

One might worry about it in some degree.
What about that asteroid that's supposed to hit here in like...
That's loose pieces of the solar system
that haven't been sorted out yet.
That's the day after tomorrow, after we leave.
See?
There's an asteroid that's going to be hitting the earth.
That's the large, insulting sock from an asteroid.
We'll be gone, and we'll be looking back thinking,
ah, we made it just in time.
Boy, how ironic that the world ended
when that asteroid was going to take care of it all anyway.
I think the delay was for that reason,
so that we could have more glass,
lethal satisfaction of knowing
that everything we were leaving behind is being destroyed.
It's not as if there was only a fixed amount of glee to go around.
Right, and you can engender so much more glee
by imagining each and every catastrophe.
Start and give them like numbers,
and then put little letters like A, how it expands,
like there's the Gulf oil spill,
there's the potential comet,
there's 2012,
there's X-Day,
and there's so many of them.
Yeah.
If there's enough numbers there,
it becomes meaningless anyway.
Well, there are many possible instant deaths
that we could all suffer.
For example, gamma ray bursts could occur.
Gamma ray is very bad.
That would be it for everyone.
Don't forget radon gas in your basement.
It's just leaking out.
You don't even know it.
You're sleeping down there in front of the football game.
Leaky basements.
You think you're having a good time.
You're sniffing up radon gas.
Your own self-inflicted flatulence?
Nya-nya-nya-nya-nya.
Lunch meat.
Flatulence.
Hot.
Bad.
Barbecue.
Et cetera, et cetera.
Barbecue.
Rashes, particularly around the butt.
That's just wrong.
Thank you for your program.
Yucks.
Your own self-inflicted flatulence?
So many people are dying from their own self-inflicted flatulence.
I heard about a guy who fell asleep inside his sleeping bag
and his farts killed him.
He had a...
Suffered from...
The lighter was leaking as well.
All those garlic and jalapeno sandwiches.
It's not the flatulence itself.
It's that it displaces all the air.
He died of a fatal self-dutch ovening?
Yeah, a dutch ovening.
It sounds more like a burrito, doesn't it?
A double dutch oven.
Rolled up in the...
The pig in the blanket.
That's another reason you should not smoke in bed.
You have a cigarette lit.
I can't help that.
Well, Philo, you're just handing me your rules, man.
I don't like all your rules.
I want to smoke in bed if I want to.
I want to smoke in bed, yeah.
That's all smoke in bed.
So do you smoke before sex?
Or during sex?
Or after sex?
I don't know.
I never looked.
Ah.
Weep, weep.
Drink up and tip your waitress.
Our next show's at two.
Actually, Susie, our next show is next week.
Of course, our last thousand shows are archived at subgenius.com,
where you can learn everything about the Church of the Subgenius
and our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That's subgenius.com.
Our award-winning books and old CDs
and vinyls.
Videos are all still in print.
Can you believe it?
You can also find links to lots of freebies of all kinds.
That's subgenius.com.
This has been the Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob.
