You want to see my minister's card?
Buddy, be glad I don't rip your heart out and make you eat it right now.
The radio, remember? Make it work.
The hour of slug!
So you did bust it.
Stations aren't strong enough in the daytime. Tonight it'll work.
Tonight it better.
Can't you smell it?
Hello, X-Men.
Hello, subgenia.
We can't see you out there.
All right.
We've got a message from Bob.
Yes, he's watching. He sees us.
He spies on you.
His highness, yes, he.
He follows. He knows you. Knows everything you do.
Dobbs' heads are all around. Trust me, I know.
His third eye will track you down wherever you go.
The whole slug is what he's found. Think you shall grow.
Bob Dobbs is watching you.
J-R-Bob, yes, he's watching. He sees us.
He spies on you.
His highness, yes, yes, he.
He follows. He knows you. Knows everything you do.
Don't look now. Don't try to stop. He's right behind.
Smoking is happening from within your mind.
Remember every thought to finish out mind.
Bob Dobbs is watching you.
J-Rob, yes, he's watching you.



J-Rob, yes, he's watching. He sees us.
He's following you.
He spies on you.
His highness, yes, he.
He follows. He knows you. Knows everything you do.
J-Rob, yes, he's watching. He sees us.
He's following you.
He spies on you.
His highness, yes, yes, he follows.
He's following you.
He knows everything you do.
He wins.
HeWhere?
A…?
You're never a bad boy.
You are always the bad boy.
And the other three are very dark.
It's all about you, baby.
Oh, many, manyüllons.
Besides Puma Gus.
It's so true.
Come on.
Andrew Liempeo, Tommy Amoeba, and more.
Before this song, we heard Leemur's intro
and a little bit of Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
More of both coming up.
This show, Hour of Slack number 1376,
from the Church of the Subgenius,
will, later, reveal exactly what went down
at 7 a.m. on July 5th of this conspiracy year
ostensibly called 2012.
Yeah, right.
First, we'll hear the last of the live radio
done from the Wisteria Cafe stage
the day before the world ended.
In this case, with Dr. Howell,
Priestess Pisces, Dr. Legume,
and yours truly, Reverend Stack.
And we'll hear the incredible, heart-rending sermon
by Reverend Susie DeFluze.
Incidentally, there are a ton of photos from this event
in the events section of subgenius.com.
A not-safe...
for-work photos.
Not that I, myself, ever look at the Internet.
Anyway, I don't know.
Stang says he never looks at the Internet.
There's all sorts of good discoveries
that have come to light.
We're having auction things brought up.
I'm going to need a much stronger pornography
after hearing about that.
He didn't know about the giant flying dragon
hat-sig-opter-ex-stampima that was recently discovered.
Speaking of the auction,
this is a nice little warning.
Unidentified,
unidentified flying objects,
sometimes treated lightly by the press
and referred to as flying saucers,
must be rapidly and accurately identified
as serious U.S. AF business in the ZI.
As AFR 2000-2 points out,
the Air Force concern with these sightings is threefold.
First of all, is the object a threat
to the defense of the United States?
Second, does it contribute
to significant damage to the United States?



Third, does it contribute to significant technical
or scientific knowledge?
And there is the inherent U.S. AF responsibility
to explain to the American people
through public information media what is going on in their skies.
The phenomenon or actual objects, it's redacted,
bear with me, the phenomenon or actual objects,
redacted UFOs will tend to increase with public more aware
of the goings on in space.
But still inclined to assume apprehension.
Technical and defense considerations will continue
to exist in this area.
Apparently this will be available at the auction.
It's a famous book.
Flying Saucers, Serious Business.
By Frank Edwards.
It's a classic of occult UFO cookery.
Which book is that?
Famous, Frank Edwards.
It's almost as cool as a George Adamski book.
So start counting your dollars now, brothers and sisters.
I have a counter opinion to offer.
Flying Saucers, Serious Business.
And on the back, there's some great questions
that they promise will be answered.
What was the mysterious solid object
that struck a comet jetliner in the flight over India?
A pie plate or reflections in the atmosphere.
Has modern science already communicated
with intelligent beings from outer space?
Dry cleaning bags filled with marsh gas.
Or mass insanity.
Why have UFOs undergone drastic design changes
in the past 60 years?
A lack of imagination.
What was that thing that followed a Polaris missile in 1961
and caused the radar tracking gear to lock on it instead of the missile?
A weather balloon hooked on a count of the goose.
How could British television viewers pick up signals
from a Texas TV station that had gone out of business
three years earlier?
Static.
And refraction on the Heaviside layer.
What was the strange substance that dribbled
from a crippled disk over Brazil in 1954?
We call it Gremlin Gleet.
I was going to call it Gordon, but okay.
What was the reason for the mysterious power blackouts
in the Northwest and Southwest in the fall of 1965?
10,000 to the 25th vibrators turned on simultaneously.
What will the next UFO phase be?
And what are its unprecedented implications
for the human race?
We call it X-Day.
Anyway, if you want to indulge in UFOlogy,
that's going to be something you can do
as you accumulate your storehouse of treasures
to take with you on the pleasure saucers.
Remember, unlike that other cult where you're only allowed
to take one suitcase,
you can take as much luggage as you want
and not be charged by the bag on the saucers.
In fact, you can go back and...
Back me up, Stang. This is right, isn't it?
It is right?
Well, I'll just say it is right.
I'm sure if there is a baggage fee,
it's fairly reasonable.
They wouldn't have a baggage fee.
Weight is not a problem.
Why should there be a baggage fee?
Space is not a problem.
It's just your soul, you know?
I mean, it's not like you needed it anyway.
And I mean, what's a soul for a baggage fee?
You know, I mean, did you notice your soul?
You know, are you going to miss it?
There might be a soul charge.
I'm just saying there's no baggage charge.
Your stateroom will be quite large enough
to accommodate you and your so-called soul.
I wonder if Lagume would like to sit up here
with these gentlemen for a while.
Well, of course, we welcome them.
I think it would be very nice.
Dr. Lagume?
Dr. Lagume would like to go to an extra meditation chamber.
Oh, okay.
We do need a cantankerous replacement for a few minutes.
I said Dr. Lagume would be a very good replacement.
Can you pee for me while you're gone?
Sure.
Which one do you want me to pee from?
Just as much as you can get out.
Okay.
It's going to take you half an hour.
I can tell you that right now.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm blaming the fire on the Syrian military.
Police say at least three-quarters of a percent
to 3.62289 percent.
PR News.
PR News.
At last check on Wall Street,
21-12-23, 5-2-81-4-13-70.
But an attorney says this is PR News.
President Obama is currently speaking in Ohio.
It's part of a two-day plan to resume whale hunting
in Pennsylvania this week.
Many Chinese academics are urging an end
to the country's PR News in Washington.
All women have periods.
Now we're joined by Dr. Lagume.
He's going to talk about periods, he said.
Hard doctrine as opposed to all this
namby-pamby, wishy-washy speculation.
Well, you know, he said he's going to come up here
and talk about periods since I did the sex talk.
Well, he could talk about the Jurassic period,
the Holocene period.
I missed all of them. I'm sorry.
Or the period we're in now, the Anthropocene period.
Tell us about that special time.
That special time?
The special time.
Well, everybody has the special time.
The time when the Star Wars Christmas special is on?
The special time is when you pass the X-Day turd, isn't it?
Yeah, yeah, I read about the X-Day turd.
Did we do that yesterday or did we do that at WCSB?
There's your mic.
I think it was mentioned there in an elliptical fashion.
I assume, okay, everybody who's new here
has probably actually read the program book.
We'll read it.
People who have been to X-Days before
habitually ignore the program book.
Pisces and I know that because people are constantly
asking us what's happening next.
When is this?
Well, and here's the message from Lagume
because he can't read it.
A message from Dr. Katahdin Lagume.
Nobody likes to talk about this.
No, wait.
That's wrong.
It's the other thing.
Everybody likes to talk about this.
I speak, of course, about shitting.
Everybody does it.
However, when you get to X-Day,
you may well find that you won't do it.
You've been on the road for a few days,
eating at Burger God Hungerfucker,
or worse, 7-Eleven,
and you finally made it to X-Day.
You're excited.
You're happy to see your old friends
and make some new ones.
And your natural schedule is the same.
You're full of eating, sleeping, drinking,
and pretty much everything else
is suddenly altered significantly.
You may not notice it first,
but then suddenly,
you'll feel a rumble
from the deep in your lower abdomen
about the third day of the event.
I hate to interrupt,
but on screen is the shitting cladocerone.
It's a...
What happens to be on screen is...
Oh, true.
...some footage of a water flea
or a daphnia with severe diarrhea
that craps every seven seconds.
Inconceivably tiny turds
being emitted by this organism.
That's the X-Day turd
from the X-Day pond animal.
And just like the fellow on the screen,
you make grimaces
and start counting on your fingers,
trying to remember the last time
that you took a shit.
Suddenly, you will bolt upright
and make an awkward exit
from your circle of friends
and a fast beeline
to the nearest excremeditation chamber.
Be prepared.
It may be a long wait once you get inside.
You might want to bring a book
or perhaps a little cardboard pine tree
from your rearview mirror.
At this point, your adventure begins.
You're about to give birth
to the X-Day turd.
It may erupt from your ass
with the power of a thousand exploding suns.
Or more likely,
you will feel like Auguste Rodin's
famous sculpture, The Thinker,
depicting a man frozen forever
in the act of dropping a mammoth deuce.
Either way, it's gonna hurt.
And you're gonna sweat
in that stench-filled plastic dookie box
as you strain to keep your intestines inside your body.
Don't panic.
Embrace the pain.
This is the purest form of gut blowout.
There's at least a 36% chance
that you'll survive this experience.
And when and if you do,
you will emerge from the chamber
feeling like a new Yeti.
You will experience
a sense of accomplishment,
possibly only surpassed
by defeating a giant cyborg, Chuck Norris,
in single combat
while simultaneously curing bear AIDS.
Rejoice, pilgrim.
If you get that far,
the rest is all cake.
Did I do it justice?
Yeah, you did good.
Actually, while you were doing that,
Reverend Stang was videotaping me
moving my lips to it,
so it's got your voice coming out.
Oh, okay.
That will confuse some people later.
Yeah, they already think I control your mind.
Legume controls everybody's mind.
But in most cases,
very little control is required
because there's so little to control.
Coming up, a song by Pisces and Suds Pasha,
recorded about two hours after they were married,
come to think of it,
with apologies to Leonard Cohen.
I'm breaking the song, but I'm not going to do it.
I'm going to put the song up into two parts
because they screwed up in the middle
and you don't need to hear that part.
Following that, a little more live radio
and then actual recordings of the events
that took place on the Wisteria Field
in the middle of the huge stone circle
at 7 a.m., July 5th,
in a year that turns out to definitely not be 1998.
But then we're not really sure if that was July either
or if this planet is even the so-called Earth.
We're going to do a little sweet song for you guys.
Yeah.
Yeah, let's do it.
I heard there was a group of freaks
Who waited for the world to cease
You don't really care about this, do ya?
It was a mist, the fourth, the fifth
The saucers fell, no saucer lives
Bob is sadly learning
Dobbs will screw ya
Dobbs will screw ya
Dobbs will screw ya
If, say, on the off chance
that we have the year wrong again
and the saucers don't show up
in about 16 months,
or in about 15 hours,
I brought some survivalist books with me
and I can teach you how to live off of roadkill
and the...
There's an appealing prospect.
And bugs.
If you're...
If we all run out of water
and catch up with the rest of Ohio,
you understand most of Ohio is dying right now.
They have no water, no electricity,
and worst of all, no internet.
So they're losing their minds,
shooting each other in the streets.
Friends, if that does happen here,
the eyeballs of all mammals
have water in them,
which you can suck out.
So if you're not smart enough
to wrap a plastic bag around a tree limb
and collect water by condensation,
find roadkill and suck the water out of its eyeballs
and it won't hurt ya.
That's really pure stuff in there.
We already told them to cut the scent glands out,
the scent glands off of dogs and cats
before you skin and gut them.
Right.
Dog isn't bad.
I have not had cat,
but I would not hesitate.
Believe me.
The important thing is to get rid of...
Get the gallbladder out
before it messes up all the meat.
You gotta get the guts away from the meat.
You don't want to penetrate the peritoneum either.
Right.
The scent glands...
There are scent glands around the butts
of dogs and cats.
So I'm gonna have to ask you
to take your pocket knife
and remove those
before you present them to me.
Thank you.
Thank you, Reverend Stane.
And I prefer my monkey brains medium well,
personally.
Bob likes them well done, I guess.
Perhaps it won't come to that.
We'll have to wait and see.
Do I need it?
Let's see, do I need a script?
No, I don't think I need a script.
Do I need a knife?
A gun?
Yes, a gun!
That's what I've always been lacking at these things.
You didn't bring the gun?
No.
I should have brought a gun
so I could just haul off and kill everybody.
Look, the saucers aren't coming, okay?
It's a lie.
I'm gonna Jonestown y'all right now.
We always forget the Kool-Aid.
Damn.
Alright, well, if this outfit doesn't get them here,
they're never fucking coming.
This is the last chance.
Wow, yeah, that's pretty hot stuff.
It is.
Subgenius...
Yeah, I have a new crown,
hoping that'll beckon them.
Maybe the subgenius vomit in my feet will bring them.
This'll be the first time,
no, the second time only that I'll be in here and so...
Alright.
So maybe they'll come because I'm here.
Well, wait, yeah.
Yeah, maybe they'll avoid us because you're here.
There's Hal.
Philo's coming in his box.


He's going to want a hat and he's going to want a bathrobe.
They want to hang on the back of the car.
This ain't burning, man.
I woke up this morning and I'm out of propane so I can't put no hot water in there.
Aw.
Well, there'll be rocket exhaust to heat that thing up pretty soon.
Bring your container to the circle and we'll warm the water for you.
I'm not worried about that.
I need it now.
We got beer if you're an animal.
I'm sure I'll be hitting that in about 45 minutes no matter what.
I'm just fine now.
I'm going to be back in bed in about 45 minutes, however this pans out.
That's all I care about.
You can just run them down. They're going to be resurrected in a minute.
Children on the path.
It never ceases to amaze me that anybody gets up for this at all.
This car will be unmanned.
Last year, we had a film crew here.
And I decided that the way I would handle the awkward thing where everybody stares at me,
waiting as if I was Bob or The Exes,
that I would walk around and interview people.
And I'll do that again.
We've got 15 minutes left of life.
I already did lose.
Did you stay awake all night?
I've been awake. I haven't slept yet.
I've been looking up and I haven't seen any lights.
Normally I'll see a UFO or two, but I haven't seen anything yet.
These are all the lights.
This is not like your regular UFOs.
You'll just suddenly burst into flame.
If you see people screaming, that's just part of the transition.
It's just like taking your shoes off.
You know, kicking off all beat up.
Who stayed up all night? Raise your hand.
No, come on.
I swam with sequins drinking.
You didn't stay up.
That's true.
Who got a little sleep? Raise your hand.
I got a little sleep.
Papa Joe has got his captains.
His captains.
I prefer to think of it as a saucer cap.
The saucer cap.
Princess, we have a new crown.
And I got a haircut for this one.
It does seem to be emanating a special power.
Well, I can promise you all this.
Whatever, however it goes, in 45 minutes we're going to be back in bed.
With a beard.
With a beard.
Yes.
With the exits.
Did you get some sleep?
Yes, sir.
I did. I'm feeling very bright eyed and bushy.
Very bushy.
Very, very bushy.
Philo, you're not in your tuxedo.
I was expecting you to be all put on in just a little bit.
Ten minutes and all those mosquito bites will be gone.
Yeah, two.
Wow, this is the most people I've seen for the next day and morning.
Guys, your black eye's almost healed up.
Oh yeah, it is.
Yeah, and the people aren't hitting you every ten minutes anymore?
No, no, not so much.
Changed your behavior a little bit?
Yeah.
Now we should get in the center of the circle here.
You need five seconds.
Oh, it's the center of the death right, I mean the uh, beam up machine.
Come on, Bob.
Wake up.
Yeah, yeah, we should be in the middle of the circle.
Reverend Sting, isn't it true that the men's bathrooms are just as good as the women's
bathrooms on the pleasure saucers?
That's all the time.
We already had the big...
Well, you won't need bathrooms unless you want them.
Well, we want them.
What are you talking about?
If you want to just sit and shit all day for eternity, you can do that.
That'd be great.
You got a problem with that?
We were promised that, right?
Yeah.
I still want to take a big dump in the morning.
Me too.
But I don't have to do it all day.
It's most satisfying.
It's orgasmic.
It's like a non-fact that people have a spirit.
Okay, seven minutes till 7 a.m.
Seven minutes till 7 a.m.
Do we hold hands?
Do we...
No, no, we usually do a countdown.
Who's gonna watch the words?
My watch happens to be locked to sidereal time by a satellite, so it doesn't have a second
hand, so I have to get it.





I guess that part did.
By the way, every year some old buddy of mine always goes, somebody, and they'll say this
rather bitterly, somebody said it would be 7 a.m.
Somebody says that every year.
Yeah.
What do they say every year?
Somebody had to decide it was 7 a.m.
What?
Why'd you have to decide that?
The ex-Jehovah One informed Bob what was gonna happen, and it wasn't like somebody said it








I mean, I sat down and went, so...
That's like going to the airport and saying, somebody had to decide this plane thing's
off now.
I paid 35 bucks, where's my Kool-Aid?
Right.
Well, give me your eternal salvation back and we can talk.
We pass out the un-Kool-Aid.
I calculated the other day that I've now done 1,372 hours of slack.
And I'm tired of it.
I'm ready to let the best of me go.






I can't believe that they let me go.
I'm ready to let Lombs start heisting right now.
No, no, no.
Right here, you can get all that.
You gotta turn off the air.
Oh, look, there is Kool-Aid.
All right.
Believe it to Abnorm Ninehill, one of the three people left with a brain cell in his
brain.
This is un-Kool-Aid.
You're going all out.
Does it have LSD in it?
No.
Damn it.
Yes, it does.
Probably doesn't even have vodka in it.
Boy, this is some shitty Kool-Aid that's on.




Okay, here it is.
What's wrong with these people?
It's my cross to bear right there, buddy.
Four cross pipes.
Give me the countdown.
The ducted jump is the official.
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
One, two, three.
I can't take it.
We are full.
Full.
Take your swing.
The time is up.
Let's do the traditional.
After 15 years, 15 years, this is what we get.
My God.
Look at old Ivan's thing.
I'm so sad.
But it's a church.
It's a church.
It's a sub-church.
So care, because everything's caring.
I hate to say it.
We have done this before.
I'll try it.
This will technically be the 17th time.
This is the 17th time that you and me have spent here.
And him.
If you can't afford the real stuff.
Did I say cunt on any of your shows?
Did I say cunt?
I mean, it's like talking about cunts.
Cunts.
Yeah, let's have a cunt.
Everybody's been waiting with baiting.
Let's have a cunt down.
Masturbating breath.
Let's sacrifice banjo balls.
Dr. Dark says we have to have a cunt down.
I agree with cunt down.
When they promised him he would be aboard a pleasure saucer with all those delicious
hussies, he didn't realize he was going to be one of the hussies.
Well, that's the funny thing.
You know, we could all end up in jars.
You know, you would think if you can't.
Thinking we're on the pleasure saucer.
In fact, we could be in a jar.
Thinking we're standing here right now.
Ah!
Okay, run around screaming now.
It's all over.
Damn it.
Another.
You know what this means.
We have to finish the rest of X Day.
But that's okay.
We'll try it.
And Starwood.
Right here, Rock.
That means you have to work right now.
We're going to Starwood.
Our friends have used us.
It's so mundane.
It's like, damn.
It might be a signal that they're looking for it.
They need some way to hook us up.
Well, you know, I think we're going to have to do it.




You know, one year we tried pointing our butts at the sky, spelling out Bob's name
in butt cheeks.
You only needed one butt on either end of Bob because that formed the two quotes.
If you can't afford the real saucers, can't you at least afford real cyanide?
I mean, this is...
Trying to get one last bit.
Yeah, even the cyanide was crapped out.
Damn!
Last person we needed.
Has anybody fallen over dead yet?
No.
We're not going to get that rule.
Now, see, not only did we not get the access, the cyanide didn't even work right.
Yeah, I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm here to tell you something.
Last time I saw Doves, he was in Tilly's, passed out in his own sea van.
And I got to find that one Ivan Stang.
No, no, the man he was right there.
I can smell it weakly.
Heading for it 1130 Friday night.
Now, for those of you who've never been to a subgenius 7 a.m. thing, you guys, now
you know what it's like.
Everybody stands around staring at me and I come up with some last minute bullshit.
Phyllis said, maybe they're birds or something.
There's always some idiotic theory.
They're tiny.
They're the size of quarters.
It's like Twilight Zone.
The bottom line is, once again, it's proved that we don't know what year or even planet
this is.
So...
Makeup?
If we have to do this every year until 8661 by gobs, that's Bob's message to you.
Don't commit suicide until 8662.
Then you might as well give up.
Is it not written somewhere that once you live as if the abduction can occur at any
particular moment and you should always be acting as if your very essence...
Right.
That's the thing.
He could come as a thief in the night.
He already did, actually, obviously.
We're all 35 bucks or 30 bucks lighter.
Well, Stang, did we throw you in the sinkhole?
Oh, no, there is no sinkhole, you see.
Well, there's a pond, but it's pretty far.
It's too far from here.
Well, you're kind of light.
Four or five of us could just pick you up.
Oh, yeah?
You think?
Well, actually, I was thinking, hey, was it John?
Yeah, we could just...










We could just shove him in the Jenkum chamber head first.
Yeah, that might work.
The extra meditation chamber.
Been there, done that.
How do you think...
What do you think I did all night?
You were huffing that...
I was huffing Jenkum all night long going, oh, Bob, oh, Bob, I see you, I see you.
Well, sorry it didn't work out your first sex day, but...
We did.
We were hoping you'd be the difference, you know?
I'm sorry we couldn't like...
So, in other words, it's your fault.
Well, I'm sorry.
Oh, I just thought of something.
I just remembered something I've been meaning to do, and I'll forget.
I need a recording of everyone in unison saying, and neither can we.
As you would imagine someone on a big screen saying, I can't believe you people are still
doing this.
And we need a recording of a crowd saying, and neither can we.
So on three...
Three.
I would like everyone to shout out, and neither can we.
And neither can we.
No, wait a minute, on three.
Neither can we.
No, on three.
No, no, no, wait, wait.
And neither can we.
Okay.
One, two, three.
And neither can we.
Yeah.
Fuck him.
Not even we?
Okay.
That's all I needed.
The idea is...
And neither can we.
I probably will be around forever.
All right.







Because I have that much hate in my heart.
I'm too ornery and mean.
And I still have too many bobbies to insult to die.
But I'd like to make a videotape.
Like in some old sci-fi story.
I'll even put on makeup so I look like I'm 80.
Where I basically, it's to be shown at every X day after I'm dead.
So that it's, they turn the projector on and there's me going,
I can't believe you people are still doing this.
And that's what that recording is for.
Then the whole crowd goes, and neither can we.
We have come to recite the magic mantra from Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream.
Do come, eh, do come, eh, do come, eh.
It's an invocation used to gather fools into a circle.
Oh, well, we don't need that.
This is where shit gets weird.
Do come, eh, do come, eh, do come, eh.
Do come, eh, do come, eh, do come, eh.
The fools are already gathered in a circle.
So is it worth walking in a circle?
Obviously.
No, I thought it was repent, quit your job, slack off.
And the fools come to the circle.
That's the translation.
Now how many of y'all here quit your jobs and maxed out your crap?
I did.

Janice did.
Potter and Ostril did.
Crash did.
I did, actually.
My credit card wasn't maxed out until I came to X-Day.
And I'll pay it off right before next X-Day, and then I'll max it out again.
Because I gotta try fully nude.
I don't know what else to do.
You know, I'm starting to suspect this is a scam of some kind.
No way.
How could that be?
A preacher like Bob would lie or be wrong?
How could that be?
A holy man?
I know it sounds incredible.
But having sat out here and not been taken away by the saucers year after year,
I can't help but wonder whether we've been sold a bill of goods.
It's only been 17 years.
None of us are disappointed or anything.
Oh, wait a minute.
I miscounted.
I thought it was more than that.
Never mind.
It's another thing.
Yeah, but we'll...
No, this isn't a scam.
If it happens 20 times, then we'll know it might be a scam.
Maybe after 21, it's a scam.
Now, Nostradamus said the great king of something would come from the sky in July of 1999.
Edgar Cayce said that the great change would happen in 1998.
Yeah, but it's 2012.
I wonder why...
I wonder why Bob...
Ended up with one date from one prophet and one date from another prophet.
I just happened to be kind of coincidentally crammed together.
As awesome as it would be.
I just saved your life, Irvin Sting.
Huh?
What's with those of us...
Oh, nothing?
Why?
Why bother?
No, it's nothing.
Is it a kick me sign or a fuck me sign?
Do you remember that time?
No, I was going to light your ponytail.
You set your hair on fire and I stopped him.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
It worked the other X day.
I want to try it again.
But he just got a haircut.
Why would you do...
I don't know.
I don't know.










Because the ends are not...
The X day in 98, you two guys stood up there trying to burn your membership cards because...
What do you mean trying?
Well, yeah, but the thing was you had all lost your voices because you were such amateurs
that you couldn't explain what you were doing.
You weren't out with a fucking...
I had to basically go, oh, they're burning your membership cards because they don't want
to be on board saucers with a bunch of losers like y'all.
No.
As if we were all going to be on one saucer.
You mean we're not?
No.
What?
God damn it.
Have you not read your prescriptures?
I helped write them.
I didn't fucking say I had to read...
No, everybody gets their own saucer.
It's like the size of a planet.
I want a cup.
I'm so glad you agreed with me on that.
Oh, yeah.
There's no way, man.
Like we're going to be on one big shuttle.
Do you fucking...
Yeah, right.
I don't want to go on their ship with the rest of these assholes.
No, no, no.
No, I...
Next up, we have one of my favorite people and a brilliant contributor to this church.
She's already talking it down.
Everybody give a hand for Reverend Susie the Floozy.
Susie, there's a piece of...
Oh, yeah, the higher price spread.
These aren't ears.
What?
What did you say?
I can't hear you.
I'm the Reverend Susie the Floozy, the girl with the EZ Glide applicator, and I'm here
to give you a little bit of the truth.
I'm afraid that it's a sad truth.
It's an inconvenient truth.
It is an in-fucking-electable truth.
And the truth is that we're still on this goddamn planet.
What the hell?
What the bleeding hell, Bob?
I woke up this morning and we're still here.
My ass is still wedged into the stinking reality of this planet's insufficient atmosphere,
its crippling gravitational pull, and the near total absence of slack.
Slack.
Oh, in fact, there is such a dearth of slack on Cat Box Earth that we have to make our
own.
We have to create our own slack however we can.
And we have to do it.
We must do it because it's so intrinsic to our survival that we can't do otherwise.
Oh, here in this soul-sapping gravity well, we are subject not so much to the laws of
man.
But to the laws of this stinking goddamned planet.
And here we are stuck here.
Oh, the allegedly natural laws of this shit-ass orb are tearing us apart.
And to call it a planet?
They have the gall to call this Walmart-covered piece of shit a planet?
Oh.
This is a human race.
This is a humongous, unflushed corporate toilet clogged with corporate logos and bullshit.
It's choking us all on its rancid waste.
I don't know about you, but I'm looking forward to the next year the same way I'd be looking
forward to another firehose colonic.
And just for reference, I really don't like those.
I did try them once.
But oh, god.
What an ass burner.
I mean, it would be really, it would be quicker to have a firehose colonic than having to
live here in this place.
But you know, I think it's lucky that the Palmerhead blew itself up in 1998, the first
1998.
But it turned out not to be the true 1998.
Because I think Arnie knew what was going to happen.
And even he didn't want to stick around.


Oh, he knew the grid was coming down.
The sacred priest scriptures would start unreeling fact after fact.
Oh, the word of Dobbs would become truer than we knew.
Oh, and pigs are going to have to start eating each other to survive.
Well, we've all seen they're already on that agenda.
Oh.
Which kind of begs the thought that there are no original laws.


There are no ideas left in this place.
We've used it up.
We've tapped everything it has to offer.
Yet still, we are here.
I mean, think of it.
Google your own favorite particular phrase of your own coining.
And chances are it's a name of a shitty band somewhere.
There is nothing left.
Nothing.
But here we are.
No fun.
No fucks.
No slaps.
No back.
Oh, fuck.
And to further complicate matters, just look around you at the old doctors here.
There's one glowing right there.
Another one glowing over there, although he's not electronic.
Oh, there are subgenius over men among us who stride this stinking planet like fucking gods.
Oh.
But they might be eternal.
But there's a limit to how much an old doctor wants to put up with.
I know I'm starting to feel the strain.
Ah, jeez.
We get fucking sick and tired of the constant, unremitting, savage erosion of the subgenius
spirit trapped here in this planet.
And I'm not even going to say that I'm not.






















I'm just going to say that you're not.
Oh, these mighty men of Dobbs have garnered laurels worth resting upon.
But still they tread the boards and pound that pulpit just to bring you the slack that
you need.
Oh, but you know, seekers, getting slack in this slackless world does not depend only
upon the only people you have heard so far.
Our mighty yeti over men are but links in a long, long chain that spirals back through
our civilization to the dawn of time, to the first Dobbs, the proto-Dobbs who came along
and saw everything and said, this sucks.
Why?
And tried to make it better.
These are not the last links in the chain.
The chain is going to have to go on because we are stuck here.
We have got to take this fucking planet by both ears and wrench it, wrest our slack from
it, and do whatever we can to make it a livable place.
But you know, those doctors have been running a race.
It's like a relay race.
And they are about to slap the world.
And they are about to put that baton right in somebody's hand and pass it on.
But if there is no hand there, you, you are the fucking hands.
You are the hands of Dobbs.
All of you.
Praise fucking Bob.
Praise Bob.
You are the ones who can bring your brothers slack because the subgenius, the subgenius
must have slack.
God damn it.
But without a hand to grasp that baton, honey, we are dicked.
And do you know how I mean dicked?
Well, you know how it is when all of your crap decides to collect into a watermelon-sized
bolus that threatens when it comes out to pull your entire elementary canal out of
you up to your goddamn tonsils?
Well, it's kinda like that.
It's also like staple gunning your dick over your face to the back of your head.
And then staple gunning your balls to your feet.
Well, you've tried getting your slack the wrong way, dumbass.
It's a lot like that.
But it's also a lot like reaming out your colon with one of those big-ass metal chimney brushes
and then squirting a little lime on it just to even it out.
Now, combined with pissing off a whole den of rape bears,
which I think we've got a missing Bobby, by the way.
He was last seen covered with cherry, and I understand that attracts him.
But put it all together, and that amount of pain is going to be what you're going to experience yourselves
without slack, dumbasses.
Up, up, up.
I at least fear and admire doctors must be succeeded by a new generation
because it is up to you to take on the medals to become the new makers of slack.
I mean, we are stuck on this planet, and we may be here as fucking sad as it is to say.
We might be stuck here a long fucking time.
And if we are going to have a chance,
for the love of Dobbs,
you are going to have to make your heritage as a child of Bob.
I didn't know I'd give you a homework assignment, huh?
So think about it.
Because our very lives as subgeniuses are at stake.
Because without slack, I mean, you'd be living.
But you wouldn't really be living a life worth living.
The ball is in your court.
The ball is Stang's.
It's time for you to take Stang's ball and take it to places it's never been.
And whatever you do, make that nut proud.
Thank you.
Y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all.
Everyone, give Susie the Floozy a big hand!
Woo!
Stang's faith was strong but you needed proof.
For thirty-five bucks you sought the truth.
Yearly failures, well, they overcame.









But the truth was through you.
You wailed and screamed into the air.
Broke your pipe, ripped out your hair.
From your lips you screamed out,
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
You may have took Bob's name in vain.
And, well, he may have felt the same.
But if he did, well, really, what's it to you?
Your pee stench lingers in every bill that you put in the foundation still.
Still whispers bear the warnings,
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
There'll be a time when we all know
We watch the burning down below
You wonder if you'll make it till the new year
One day his promise will ring true.
Yeah.
You'll have your slack and you'll smoke it too.
Forget the day we swore that Dobbs would screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
Dobbs will screw you.
Frop, frop slack.
Up, up, slack.
Flop, flop, slack.
Pills, pills, pills, pills.
Give me gentlemen kind of pills, flop.
Pills, pills, pills, pills.
Give me gentlemen kind of pills, flop.
Flop, slack, flop, slack.
Flop, slack, flop, flop, slack.
Bop! Flack!
Frock! Flack!
Frock! Flack!
Give me Gemcon Pillsbop!
Give me Gemcon Pillsbop!
Give me Gemcon Pillsbop!
Do you have a, Frop stick
Do you have a light
Do you have a,
Frop stick
Let's smoke it tonight
Do you have a, frop stick
Do you have a light
Do you have a, frop stick
Let's get high tonight
Give me MP Sim吸
Flush
Give me MP Sim mor玉
Frop, Fluck, Slack
Give me MP Sim吸
Flush
Give me MP Sim cub
Frop, Fluck, Slack
Frop, Frop, Slack
Frop, Frop, Slack
Frop, Frop, Slack. An effective little anti-drug song, wouldn't you say?
That's what it was, an anti-drug song. That's the message.
If you use drugs, this is how you might end up.
Terrifying.
You're listening to the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
You can get infinite gouts of information from our website, subgenius.com, if you are so inclined.
The music in the background right now is DJ 2 Beans, the song Escape Vessel.
Coming up, a short but sobering sermon by Dr. G. Gordon Gordon
and an inspirational gospel hymn by the Mutant Mountain Boys.
But first...
From Mr. Fernandez and Andy Lemur, PR News.
From PR News in Washington, I'm suffering from prostate cancer.
On the television talk shows this morning, President Obama came in third.
Mr. Obama is hosting a NATO bombing in Chicago.
President Obama says more lives will be lost there.
PR News, Chicago.
It's not.
It appears Congress is about 500 feet from the chief of PR's nuclear program,
and Congress would have to keep money that's already been spent.
There's been almost daily violence since then.
This is PR News.
Without race, color, sex, language, religion, political opinion, or national or social origin.
The only man ever found guilty in the 1988 PR News has died in Washington.
You know, lately, I've been hearing and seeing a lot of people's pain and misery.
People seem to have, or many people, very unfortunate childhoods and upbringings, maybe youth.
And now they're older, they seem to carry a lot of this around with them as excess baggage.
And I would have to say to them, look, we've all come from different circumstances,
and we all have our own particular variety of things that have happened to us.
But good or bad, to carry them around,
with you for the rest of your life, long after the item has occurred,
is, it's just excess baggage.
It's what weighs you down.
It's what makes you tired because you carry the psychic baggage around with you.
The only thing that is true and matters is now, because that's where we all live.
We all live now.
We don't live in the past much as we'd like to, and much as we imagine the future.
We are stuck.
We're stuck with now.
And now you don't need the bad memories, the guilt, the pain, the remorse.
You don't need it.
You may want it, and that's your psychological problem.
But the thing is, the past is not something you carry around with you on your back.
The past is something you should be able to access at will.
The past should not rule your life.
You should contain and rule your past.
Now is what's important.
Only now.
And how we feel now, not how we used to feel or how we hope we'll feel,
or what we used to think about this or what we hope we'll think about that,
that's not important.
What is important is now, what we think now, what we do now, what we hear and see now.
We must live in the now.
That doesn't mean now you don't think about the future or don't think about the past.
It's just don't carry on.
Don't carry the past around with you.
It's much heavier than the future.
And if you're not sure what you think about the future, well, you can pay Bob and find
out what you really think.
Here's one that's been played on the hour of slack a few times.
This may have been heard before.
Although that was played on the hour of slack, too.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Here it goes.
Ah ha!
So scary!
Oh, that was scary.
Here goes my little help.





We get to celebrate.
ourselves I am mr. James T Quirk and I am Samantha aka Reverend dr. pastor prime
Reverend Robin mountain boy here nice to meet y'all you ain't seen me with my pants off
look away from nothing to that billowing from your life work and talk away there's a hole in
your soul that is burning you
out like where's blacked and will never decay
check for the turtle slack from to the billowing
with your back from the pigs to the billowing
if responsibilities get ready to bear and you're blind walk through life so
there's a hypnotic man who is back on a from his disembodied head
always there
from the pinks to the billowing
look away
from the face to that billowing
if your conflicts with normals bring struggles and strife
then onward your fendings and look away from nothing to that billowing
there's a waiting and I'll stand for you
you look away from the things to the billowing pipe there's a waiting and I'll stand for you

look away from the things to the billowing pipe
triple bob on your money back from the pinks to the billowing pipe
and neither can we
and neither can we
god is
there is no more money
we gotta get some money
friends we're glad you listened to this show and we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months
not just this show but subgenius.com and all the other archives sites
you can find us on the web or on facebook

But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you, you should go to subgenius.com front page or especially the radio page or the catalog store pages and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even $5 makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
$50 makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay jobs.
We also take checks and money orders to subgeniusfoundation.
P.O. Box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
We'll see you next time.
C'mon.
Let's find that new broken heart.
Just talk to my dad, and I'll throw out all of your paychecks.
Just want to hear the hell you think about your life.
I don't want you An 하루!
Well, you don't have to drink to take a dump.
If you want us to do a finance job, we can.
No shot?
We're going to one night.
An hour?
Without coffee?
People wanting fake molheims.
Corp got their Coming of the purposely begin with mentalะ
I also want to have a brand new taste.
