This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Somehow, Bob's naked!
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
Amen.
According, everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Power of Slack.
Sponsored by the church.
Oh, the subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge
of the Church of the Subgenius, with Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the
Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs, living avatar of Slack and saint of
sales.
One planet.
Insert a thumb under the upper lip.
Oh, yes, dear friends, this show, Hour of Slack number 1,797, is in actuality Hour of Slack number 5 from the year of 1985.
Has this ever happened to you?
I should have been there, Ted.
It was great.
There was free booze, great music.
One of the best parties I ever went to.
Where were you that night?
Oh, I just kind of stayed home and watched TV.
I guess I should have gone, huh?
Didn't you feel stupid?
Didn't you wish you could go back to that night, that party?
Well, maybe now there's a way to learn how to do that very thing.
Introducing Bob's School of Time Control.
At Bob's, you'll learn how to speed time, slow time, and make time run backwards.
But most importantly, you'll be learning how to make time work for you.
How you do it.


Yes, well, just ask this man here, an actual graduate of Bob's School of Time Control.
One day, my dog ran out in front of a truck.
Blango.
My dog was dead.
Was I sad till I met Bob.
Bob showed me how I could go back, get the registration number for the car, do a slip job on the brakes,
and wouldn't you know it, that truck went off into a ditch and burst into flames just exactly a block before he could hit old Booger.
Ain't that right, fella?
Yes, just imagine the horrible things that could be undone tomorrow
if you had only gone to Bob's School of Time.
Bob's School of Time Control, today.
Courses start yesterday, but you can catch up.
Just right.
Bob's School of Time Control, the universe.
Bob's School of Time Control, Division of Subgenius Industries Unlimited.
Bob's School of Time Control, Division of Subgenius Industries Unlimited.
All right, Kelly.
Clear launch area.
Okay, launch area's clear.
All right, look at those.
Central control processor on.
Thank you.
Airlocks closed.
My airlock's closed.
Recon vessels well. This is base control.
Commence free departure, Jackson E. Linton.
The show is starting up.
Life support systems functional.
You want to turn on the radio show, Bogey?
Oh, we're already broadcasting.
Primary and secondary circuit tests commencing now.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Nice green lights across the board.
Yes, the show is warming up.
Yes, and you can see your radio light up.
And if you look inside the speakers real close, you may be able to see the picture.
Free departure check sequence completed.
Thank you.
Awaiting navigation.
Additional input interface will be submitted.
Okay, here we go.
Open phone lines tonight, please.
Phone lines are open.
All right.
Energize the caller, please.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And we'll be orbiting your area for the next hour.
We'll be carrying the message, the seed word of the faith of Bob, the faith in Bob, FIB, we call it.
Can you keep up the FIB, friend?
You want to dump the main shunts?
Thank you.
All right.
The show is right up on the green lines, doctor.
The show is fully on the line.
We will be landing on another show.
We will be docking with another show tonight.
Pardon me.
You can't land on another show.
We've caused a nuclear explosion.
We'll be docking with show four from San Francisco tonight.
And hold onto your seats.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Dump him.
Dump him.
No matter how much you shake and dance, the last few drops go down your pants.
Hit me.

Hit me.
Hit me.
Hit me.
Hit me.
The world is getting rougher day by day
If you think it's gonna get any better, just keep dreaming away
You've got to hold your head up high all day and night
Cause you're probably the only weapon you need to settle up a fight
No matter how much you shake and dance
The last few drops go down your pants
No matter how much you scream and shout
Ain't nobody gonna try to help you on out
No matter how much you piss and moan
Ain't nobody gonna try to help you on out

Ain't nobody gonna go and leave you alone
No matter how much you whack your head
You're better off living than being dead
Society pushes harder on you every day
You've got to get what you make and you'll hear them say
You get what you take and eat it too, you know
You get what you take and eat it too, you know

There ain't enough to go around and it's starting to show
The planet's getting fuller all the time
The man in your brain just like the grape turning to wine
We've got to destroy the forces that are still in your sack
Scare all them mothers, give them one big heart attack
We've got to regain control of our destiny
Cause they want to take it away from you and me
But we've got to stop on the spot and the most ourselves
Cause that just keeps them confused and they think that's swell
Stand up for your rights and soon you'll win them back
Or else they'll barbecue you while you're lying there on your back
I mean, no matter how much you shake and dance
The last few drops go down your pants
No matter how much you scream and shout
Ain't nobody gonna try to help you on out
No matter how much you piss and moan
Ain't nobody gonna go and leave you alone
No matter how much you whack your head
You're better off living than being dead
Hear me, hear me
Ow!
Ugh!
Ugh!
Ow!
Ugh!
Ugh!
No matter!
Why does it matter?
It don't matter!
It don't matter!
It don't matter what you do!
Don't matter what you do!
The man's looking at you!
He don't see your face!
The man he was you and dad know!
It don't matter!
It don't matter!
It don't matter!
It don't matter!
You don't shatter my heart!
I don't like to stop!
Stand up for your rights and soon you'll win them back
Yeah, I don't care.
I don't care.
Kids, get into the station.
This is the children's mission, Doctor.
Yes, this is the children's hour for the Church of the Subgenius.
Kids, for Bob.
Say, kids.
Tevis, come over here.
Tell us what you think about Bob, Tevis.
Nothing.
A wise answer.
There is wisdom.
Subgenius.
I know about him, about spaceships.
You know about spaceships and Bob.
And that's all you need to know, friends.
Praise Bob.
And the spaceships.
Ah, thank you.
And the spaceships.
And the spaceships.



But you went on and on and on.
Now they're beginning to ask themselves, maybe, I'm next.
Where will it lead to?
Nowhere.
I'd like to take up a copy of the book of the subgenius.
The book of the subgenius is right here on lovely McGraw Hill.
And I assume that must be Bob right there on the front.
Could very well be, Brian.
With the pipe in his mouth.
It's certainly a marvelous and comfortable experience.
We'll be back.
The publisher.
Did not see that my purpose was to write a moral lesson.
The punishment that befell a mortal man who dared to emulate God.
Well, whatever your purpose may have been, my dear,
I take great relish in savoring each separate horror.
This book isn't full of subliminal messages.
The messages are right out front as far as I can see.
Both, actually.
Both, yeah.
It has both.
They were subpsychic messages, too.
And in fact, the book actually, now most of your listeners will not believe this,
but it's a book that I'm going to read to you.




But the book carries a power shell that actually protects anything that it's being carried in your car,
your bathroom, especially your bathroom, and, well, your whole house.
The conspiracy can't touch it because there's power, power in that book.
Power.
And they're afraid of it.
In fact, in one respect, that's tough on sales because the love of Bob that's manifested in this book
can.
Can.


Injure normals and humans.
You mind?
Mangled.
I'm a door.
I can't believe it.
That's right.
Each one of the Bobs in the book sees.
Did you know that every picture of Bob has the power to view you?
Has the power to look at you and look into your very soul?
Gee, I don't know.
Every picture of Bob is not just an image, not just a meaningless, mindless graffito.
Those dots are alive.
No, I just.
Look at you.
Each of those dots pulses with unfathomable radiant energy.
Each of those Bobs next to those toilets all over the U.S.
Don't listen to him.
Don't listen to him.
You know, yes, you can find help.
You can be deprogrammed.
You can find out the truth.
Beat me every day.
It's a hell of an empty.
I know you know that.
They force you to sleep on boards.
You must devise.
They starve you.
You must devise.
What's going on?
It's all right.
They stay in the house.
Some geniuses came in.
They took all my furniture.
Sold it to buy me this neck brace that I can't take off now.
They said it was a living being.

What the hell?

Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.

Ah.
Ah.





Ah.

Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ahhhhh.
Ahh.
Oh.
You've got a lot of people out there listening right now,
so don't know you too well.
They might know the best way out ofuro before.
But don't show off and force me on to something that you haven't done yet.

systems on 11 different galactic quadrants all tuned in at this very moment.
We've been known to work one sidereal day for every Earth Day and you know they're slightly
longer so...
Yes, here's part of our guest...
Yes, this is our...
This is the guest yeast for the evening.
He's a nice little job from Antares 4 and a half.
We picked up his signal last week and were able to tune him in and this is all he does.
He sits in his little trans-dimensional box and broadcasts this message to all of us.
And he is an illegal alien friend.
Real illegal and a real alien.
Ah yes, dear friends.
Welcome back to Antares 4.
Welcome back to the show.
The subgenius divival our friends.
Yes, and don't you...
This is Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
And Reverend Ivan Stang.
We're sitting here to bring you the word of dogs.
And don't you feel divived now?
Don't be afraid, it's just a little radio show.
Sometimes it gets scary.
Yeah, it's scary friends.
It's a scary show.
It could get scarier depending on what...
Whatever...
Whatever parakeet mixes we drop in.
That's right.
But remember one thing.
It doesn't matter what life cycle you belong to.
And whether your basic metabolism is carbon, silicon, or plasma.
We're broadcasting to you because this is the first intergalactic church of dogs.
Yes, friends.
This is the church for every form of life that knows how to snicker.
Yes, indeed.
Every life form that can enjoy and appreciate slack, dear friends.
Yes, and the mysteries.
Those who appreciate the mysteries.
Ah, the mysteries.
Yes.
That sweet, sweet burning mystery of slack.
Yes, and when finally they learn the answer to the mystery of why on that great day...
That one day the sound of the slack goes rippling.
And this is what it sounds like, friends.
Yes, listen to that slack rippling like...
Oh, isn't that a lovely sound?
Oh, yes.
Receive the splendor of that slack sound, friends.
Ah, yes.
Ah, doesn't it drip through your frontal lobes or depending upon your metabolism, of course, sometimes your back lobes.
Sometimes it just runs down their spine and dribbles out.
Sometimes it just dribbles through their cells and oozes through the pores.
Oh, yes.
But we know that somewhere out there you're listening to the sound of slack.
We can't give you too much of this air slack because...
Nay, nay.
No, no.
We can't let you get all hooked.
You'd just be sitting by your radios from now on.
You wouldn't be able to do anything.
Wait until next week when the subgenius hour of slack comes back.
Ah, but...
So that you can soak up some more of the healing power that can be mysteriously broadcast.
That's right.
So put your appendage, your pseudopod, your flipper, your hand, your manipulator, your chink, your...

Your mandible, whatever you got, friends.
It doesn't matter if it's a scaly, horny carapace or a squamous druid mollusk-like mucus-secreting skin.
Just place your little sensory appendage upon your transmitter receiver unit and you will receive the benefit of this slack, this air slack.
And when finally you discover the mystery, the answer to the mystery of the slack, why?
On that day, you will be killed and re-killed and re-killed again in the scalding and scathing acid love of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Hallelujah.
Praise Bob.
Hallelujah.
E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I.
Ah, yes, friends.
Well, well, Dr. Stang, I think perhaps we ought to turn the slack generator down a little bit.
Let these poor...
Just soothe them out with it.
Don't drop them off sudden now.
Just there you are.
Yes, friends.
Just a rug.
A rug of slack underneath.
That little tiny layer that separates you from the hard, cold floor of reality.
Well, we'd love to get you hooked, but we wouldn't be able to supply it.
That's right.
It would be like Dawn of the Dead all over again.
Shambling zombies for Bob trying to get some more of that great stuff that they...
That beautiful, that beautiful essence, that vital secretion of the heart-soul of Dobbs,
that one thing that he possesses.
And that is more than any other entity in the universe.
And, friends, we're talking about slack.
And if you have...
Don't you wish you had it?
Don't you wish you had that sound with you all the time?
Don't you like to wrap yourself up in that slack, that big, warm, fuzzy, wooly slack,
and just snuggle into it and say, ah...
If you had just one Bob pill, like this one in this little vial...
This one in the salt-free...
And we have one, listeners.
We have one.
And this one pill...
Would be enough to impart into you the essence of the stark fist of removal.
You would become Vishnu the Destroyer, friends.
That's right.
You would dance upon the helix of the ever-changing quantum universe, shifting your eigenstade.
Dogs have always been my friend.
We love shoes.



And we've had...
Many dogs during these years.
Now we have you.
Well, thank you, poor Beth.
If I'munkt due to have to do this in...
We've had.

Yes.
Best for the last.
He is the friendliest and the smartest.
And the most constant and the most attentive of all the dogs that I've known.
Best for the last.
He is the friendliest.
He is a wanderer and adventurer too.
He is the friendliest and the smartest.
And the smartest.
And the most constant and the most attentive of all the dogs that I've known.
The man told her he didn't belong to anyone in Johnson City.
That he must have just wandered in.
He just jumped out of someone's car.
Or we have always thought maybe he was with a circus.
But that's all this dog flew.






In my mind there is no one who but my darling dog.
Ricky has been here ever since.
I liked the world that if the owner ever ask about him to direct him here.
But I'm glad that the owner never missed him.
Because I surely would if he left me.
Me.
If you don't get some flea powder and bath, he wants to go in the car.
You want to go on a ride? You want to go see the cattle? You want to go see him?
Do you?
You want to come home?
You don't get it.
You want to go on a ride? You want to go see the cattle? You want to go see him?
Do you?
You want to go go see the family? You want to go see the family?
Do you?
You don't get it.
You want to go see the baby?
You don't get it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Again, we're going to have to switch Ives and Stott.
What's wrong with this microphone?
There. Thank you.
Hey, that new church air is just great.
The new screen excitement you've been waiting for.
Rated PG.
Close your eyes and pretend with me for a few seconds.
Your doorbell rings.
And there's a chaplain standing quietly.
He tells you...
We're splashing liberation right around the world.
And we'll die to do it.
That's amazing.
Before making any additional statements about my subject,
I'd like to make it clear that
in any reference I make to the church
on today's broadcast,
I'll be speaking in broad
and certainly not specific
terms.
That is, I will be referring primarily
to the institutionalized church.
Everyone uses...
Now to continue with the tape recording.
We're going to see...
Get ready.
What I'm talking to you about today
is the most up-to-date thing
that I could talk to you about.
We're living in the closing moments
of this dispensation.
So, housewives, take this tip
from the growers of Idaho potatoes,
whose potatoes make delicious French flies.
And as we watched,
my friend very suddenly
and violently
vomited.
Who's going to listen to that?
And when they do, how are they going to feel?
Well, I don't have to think about that.
You do.
Wherever you are.
Wish you were a genius
but feel like only a sub-genius?
Have a kisser Darth Vader's mom would expunge?
Tired of gorge-clogging crypto-wimpism?
I have a solution.
Stay tuned in the weeks to come
for exciting lectures such as
Drink Your Way to Happiness
and a special tour of the Roy Rogers Museum
wherein Bob will prove the trigger has moved again.
All this and more on your favorite soundtrack
for a crumbling society,
Food Fights of the Gods.
All good.
Great things are happening.
God is showing people things.
Many of you are hearing verses.
You're tormented.
Your mind is tormented.
You're fainting.
Some of you husbands and wives.
You mumble, grumble, complain,
frostbite.
You demon powers has tried to destroy
your marriage, your home.
So you need to come.
If you can't, man,
you ought to get these tapes anyhow
on Demonology.
Tape 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
And they're on right on up
till we get through.
And we'll be offering the tape on
Christmas.
You can be demon possessed
at the end of the program.
But we're going to take you
into that service right now.
We're going to take you
into that service in progress
where we are sharing on the subject
can a Christian be demon possessed.
Hundreds of New Yorkers
at a religious revival
chanting the name of a modern day prophet,
Bob.
Bob's teachings are the foundation
of a church that does little more
than perish.
It's a community called
St. American consumerism.
It's called the Church of the Subgenius.
Tom Vitale has this report.
You will pay to know what you really think.
But if you give us money,
we will tell you what to think.
And not only have you paid to know
what you really think,
for once you will get value for your dollars.
Americans will buy anything
and they're getting sold short.
That's the most important thing.
That's the message of the Church of the Subgenius
as delivered by the Pope of all New York,
David Meyer at a recent revival.
Meyer also instructed the enthusiastic crowd
in how to get slack,
how to get right with Bob,
and how to pull the wool over your own eyes.
For they shall see God.
It's still true.
God still speaks in special ways
to each of us today.
But my feelings toward him
are still so brittle and sour.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care anymore.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I'm tired.
I can't tolerate it.
I can't live with it.
I can't.
Praise God.
And that's how I became a subgenius.
Children, the great Saint Lenny Bruce said,
American society cripples you
and arrests you for limping.
Here in the Church of the Subgenius we say,
cast off those crutches
and crawl with pride.
And I'm proud.
You can crawl again.
You can crawl again, children.
And this is the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
We've been playing media barrage tapes on these shows,
which are edited primarily by Puzzling Evidence
in Oakland, California,
Dr. Byron Werner in Los Angeles, California,
and me, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Of course, what I mainly do is just take the stuff
that people send in and rip them off to the max.
And now this side of the show is about to end, listener,
and you're going to have to flip this show over
in order to hear the rest of it.
Praise God.
Now, if you're tied up and can't get to the radio to do that,
why, let's just hope that you've got auto-reverse as we...
Welcome back, friends, to the Hour of Slack Radio Ministry
on K-N-O-N, the non-station...
This is for admirable people.
Let it out, let it out.
Aren't you worried? Don't you want to get out of here?
I'm never going to be grabbed on a mix of doctors.
Okay, Fred, Fred Pudge?
Yes, we dare you. Try it.
Okay, we're going to try it right now, Doc. Here we go.
Bob hung up on us. He is dead.
It's true.
Good morning, caller. What happened?
We have an unimaginable mission match.
Could it have been an automatic mechanical shutdown?
No, we're not going to cover anything.
Poor girl. She's in a bubbling vat of jokes.
I have to hear your question, but we're going to throw a tarp over it
and protect it from the elements.
Yeah, we might throw a tarp over it.
That's all we'll cover. This young lady has the jokes.
All day, yeah.
He's soaking in the jokes we're going to use.
If you come down to the station right now, we'll cover you up with something soft and warm, too.
We're going to have to reverse the charge.
I don't like it. I'm in the dark.
You've been in the dark a long time, Doc.
I do like it. I want to go home.
This is the most miserable thing I've ever seen. It's joyous.
It's too late. You joined the Church of the Subgenius.
That's too bad, boys.
Now you know what subgenius hell is really like, yes?
Live it, laugh it, and die.
I bet you can't say sembrunibus.

We can listen to that. They're in hell.
We can view their dead souls in hell and they're still put to death during the show.
These demons follow. It's endless. You can't hang up on them.
Or if you do, they just call mine again.
The endless show.
Bit. Blivit bit.
Blivit, blavit, and blavit.
I bet you can't say sembrunibus.
You can blub it or you can blivit.
I can't blab such a thing.
I can't blab such a thing.
You'll have to listen very, very carefully.
I have your son in a brown paper bag and if you don't do what I say, you'll be dragged into midst me.
You create problems that you can't possibly be able to come to terms with.
If my demands are not met, I will kill a policeman.
A nun or a funny thing.
There's the little head and it's the little head coffin.
That's right. And one neck bone.
And one neck bone.
Moving to the large pit to be buried with the rebar.
I think that they run the show but little do they know that they have put so much of their energy into the show that the show is now a great shambling entity within itself.
The hideous show.
And they are mere organs within this great hideous, drooling, rugo squamous sesquipedalian show.
No kidding.
And our listeners of our show must suffer the same way.
Because it's their show that's our show.
That's right.
You can't keep track of it.
But it's following you all the time.
Go ahead. Try to turn it off.
We'll keep hearing it.
The endless show.
The show of shows.
Yes. Hell on earth.
Oh yeah, you think, well it's funny. I'm on radio personality.
I'm just going to have me a show.
Yee-haw. Yes sir, ee-bob.
And then you've been on that show and you've been on that show and you look at your calendar watch one day and you realize that the last half an hour has taken a little over 143 years.
And you begin to wonder, you begin to wonder what is the deal with this Bob Dobbs character?
And what is this time control?
And these subgenius characters on their radio shows.
What's this Dobbs drone signal they constantly signal?
What do they speak of?
Yes, what is the Dobbs drone signal?
The thing that locks into their very innermost self and draws out that which it desires.
Ah yes, dear friends.
Makes that gland grow.
And it's too late now.
Even if you unplug your radio, why, even when you can't hear the show, the show can hear you.
This is the show that listens back, friends.
Face it.
1984 happened a year ago.
We were doing the implementing of the big I's.
The I of taxis, dear friends.
Remember the I of every year here in Texas.
The I of taxis.
It watches.
Yeah, yeah.
Ever been kicked in the taxis, my friends?
Yes.
Anybody ever got you around Yirya Blancas lately?
No.
What kind of a show do you think?
I don't know what you think this is.
Just your average little rock and roll music show.
Your average comedy talk show.
Your average satire and social comment and parody show.
It's a squeaky show is what it is.
That's right, dear friends.
It's the dead sub-genius in the middle of the road hour.
The dead sub-genius in the middle of the road hour.
I could forget all that stuff now.
It wasn't important anymore.
That's better.
That's what I would say.
Huh?
I feel better.
Mom, mom!
And there is power when on the church of the sub-genius radio show,
the doctors of the air operate without warning.
Yes.
Here they come.
Warning. We will operate soon.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
We must warn.
It doesn't have to be true.
Well, here we are again.
It just doesn't have to be true.
We're always here.
Your final instructions?
I may sound like a Bible-beater yelling up a revival at a river crossing camp meeting,
but that don't change the truth none.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I want to see if one person, one single person,
will have the courage of their convictions and come down here and open up to Bob
and give them, give me their wallet.
I don't just want your money.
Don't just want your credit cards.
We want your library cards, your voter registration.
Give it all up now.
Okay?
One person, that's all we need.
Actually, Bob doesn't care.
Bob is the richest man on earth.
He doesn't care if you spend money.
Bob could give, frankly.
All he wants is souls.
He wants you to have slack.
He wants you to fight the conspiracy.
And it is going to take some fighting because they are everywhere.
Powerful charity.
The conspiracy is everywhere.
The television shows you watch, the rock and roll songs that they play over and over and over and over again.
Of course.
This station excluded.
What is that they are doing that for?
President's company excluded.
But J.R. Bob Dobbs is here to spread abnormality.
Yes, the seed of Bob is your abnormality potential.
We're not talking about this consumer abnormality.
No, sir.
We're not looking for a hip audience.
Please, get me behind the hip.
We're not looking for a sophisticated audience.
Oh, certainly not.
We're looking for an audience that is willing to believe everything.
An audience that cannot escape because only then does it stop being an audience and participate in the isness of Bob.
The last thing that we want is a vast stadium full of geeks, 80,000 strong, waiting for us to come on stage and entertain them.
We want them to found their own church.
Get on the streets and entertain themselves.
Bob preaches short duration personal saviors.
You should skip from one personal savior to the next.
It could be a wine bottle.
We live in a consumer society, ladies and gentlemen.
Planned obsolescence.
Things wear out fast.
Not our fault.
That's the way it is and we understand.
Because Bob came.
Bob doesn't care about your sins.
Bob won't die for your sins because Bob's not the son of God.
Bob won't die for your sins.
Bob won't forgive you for your sins.
All Bob cares about is that Bob will justify your sins.
He'll justify your sins and make them part of his plan.
The lights have gone down just slightly.
The Mister Science Lecture Series.
Volume 1, Number 1.
The Mutron.
Delivered by the Reverend Seth Deitch, First Church of Mister Science, Boston.
Outside the realm of conspiracy science and in the clear light of the so-called forbidden sciences,
we will find we have a far greater chance of understanding the true nature of the universe.
What the conspiracy feeds us under the guise of the most advanced system of natural philosophy
is nothing but a complex sham, a decoy to hide from us the true fact of how much bigger and more complex
and nut-wrenchingly frightening a place the universe really is.
We are told about matter and energy and space and time as being either consistent realities governed by laws
or as foggy abstracts that have no particular being outside of that of being convenient,
linguistic aids to make the whole thing easier to swallow.
We at the Temporal Management Research Facility of the Church of Mister Science of the Subgenius
have through rigorous probing through mountains of existing material known works on the subject of time
and its methods of control, have discovered the key for blowing the whistle on the whole fraudulent twaddle
that is modern science.
This key is the Mutron.
The truth must now be told.
How it was covered up for some reason.
The fact that the Mutron was so long would make a story intriguing enough for a separate book,
but it's too involved to be told here.
The actual issue at hand is the Mutron and its pivotal role in the management of the true cosmos.
In order to properly understand the following, it must first be made clear what actually constitutes an elementary particle.
The first of these basic particles is the electron, which has no mass but possesses a charge that is commonly described as possibly infinite,
thus making it the fundamental unit of energy.
It and other related particles, i.e. positrons, photons, gravitons, etc., acting in concert,
make up the Iacotismic field which is responsible for holding everything that is anything together.
The second is the much rarer infinite mass particle, commonly called a black hole.
These particles, like the electrons, occupy no space, but the influence of a single particle can be felt at a much greater distance.
They often have event horizons many miles wide.
Beyond which not even light can escape.
The third fundamental particle is the Mutron.
The Mutron carries with it an infinite temporal capacity that makes it alter the rate and intensity and general quality of the passage through time of anything it touches.
The Mutron is very likely the rarest particle in this universe.
As far as we know, there might well be only one of them, though there could be as many as a few dozen without generating a dangerous concentration.
The first segment of this report will deal with the general implications of the Mutron in regards to existing ideas on the workings of the universe.
The second will concern the incredible potentialities of using the potent forces of the Mutron in time control research and in practical time control.
Section A. Just how...
Big everything really is.
What we know is the universe can be in big numbers.

The universe is provisioned as a giant atom with the black hole acting as the nucleus and the mutron or mutrons acting as the electron cloud with the electrons providing the energy for the mutron to drive us forward through time.
Just about everything else in the universe is just so much debris cluttering up the works of things.
The fact that there is one such atom more than suggests the existence of others.
Section B. The Mutron has a corresponding antiparticle known as the tachyon,
which travels through time in a direction which we perceive as backwards,
so that to someone who is not in the know it will appear to exceed the speed of light.
The simple fact of the matter is that tachyons are extra universal mutrons impinging on our universe at a different temporal angle.
These are the mutrons of atom universes that ours is in compound with.
After this the atomic metaphor breaks down.
No atom of mere matter divides itself into alternate cells almost constantly, but our universe does.
All the time the universe splits in order to express every alternative open to any phenomenon transpiring within,
no matter how small or seemingly insignificant.
This is the only way our minds can express the perception of the fifth dimension,
or more properly the second dimension of time.
So this introduces the concept of time viewed as a plane,
rather than a line.
But there is another dimension of space,
so is the case with time, there is also a corresponding up-down time.
This is the direction in which our mental eyes exist.
In this direction we find alternate time tracks similar to the sidewise ones,
with the difference being that theirs is oriented in the direction opposed to temporal gravity,
so that elements of those other selves are constantly falling into our awareness from above.
The mutron passes through all these spaces with equal ease,
and is modulated by them much like the photon is modulated by bouncing off or passing through matter.
Thus information of a very subtle and distorted nature is conveyed to us from our other universes on the mutron express.
We call this information Gnosis,
and its influence has been felt by mankind time and again for as long back as we have records,
and no doubt back to our very genesis and before.
The earliest known mutron impact on Earth occurred in the era of the dawn of life.
The primordial sea teamed with the most primitive of bacteria.
Their genetic material was a simple molecule shaped like a lumpy ladder.
It was very chemically stable.
The mutron passed through Earth and spewed out a wake that left each and every molecule of DNA twisted beyond recognition.
In this state its stability was ruined,
and any force or random glitch that Mother Nature had to do
or had to offer changed it somehow.
Thus evolution had begun.
Another notable mutron impact occurred about 60 million years ago at the end of the age of the dinosaurs.
The particle struck and its wake left the intelligence of the dinosaurs increased a million fold.
They promptly sat down, figured out how to teleport,
and promptly took off on around the universe vacation.
Presumably they will someday return.
Another notable mutron impact occurred in the era of the dawn of life.
The first mutron impact, only about 5 million years ago,
was responsible for the division of the human and yeti races.
The vast majority of these events, however, affect individual beings or objects.
One such example is Great Britain's Stonehenge Monument,
which was not man-made as is popularly presumed,
but is merely the material evidence of a rather minor mutron splash.
Certain great sages of the past and present have actually had mutrons pass directly through their crania.
A partial listing of these select people will give an idea of the effects that may be expected of such an encounter.
Gautama Buddha, the prophet Enoch,
Ankh-Natan, Leonardo, William Beckford, Alastair Fowley,
Marcel Duchamp, R. Buckminster Fuller, Antonio Gaudi, Arnold Palmer, the list goes on.
It's interesting to note that J.R. Bob Dobbs is the only known human being through whom a mutron has passed twice.
After going through the back of his head,
it was reflected by the mystery of the mutron.
The mystery of the universe is the most important thing in the history of the universe.
The mystery of the universe is the most important thing in the history of the universe.
In the light of this particular view, one might ask,
what about the Big Bang and all that stuff?
Well, it seems that matter does not play a very big role in the actual nuts and bolts operation of the universe.
In fact, we find that it is the case in about half the universe's sample that there is no matter at all.
Section B. What we must do about all this.
It is well known that the electron can be pressed into service for all kinds of purposes.
It is well known that the electron can be pressed into service for all kinds of purposes.
It might be less well known that alien civilizations of a level only slightly more advanced than ours
routinely use the enormous power made available by tapping into the gravity fluxes of quantum black holes.
It is also possible to use the time potentials of the mutron to our own great advantage.
The mutron is not subject to the same methods of coercion that we use to bend normal subatomic particles to our will.
They are oblivious to matter and energy alike.
They are oblivious to matter and energy alike.
But the thought, because of its intimate relationship with time, does have some small effect.
Mutrons are attracted to areas of concentrated slackful enlightenment.
A mutron container accelerator could be charged with a mutron if enough slackful minds concentrated their energies around a scoop entrance to the mutron accelerator.
Once contained therein, it would take relatively little effort on the part of these minds to maintain it in a circular path.
Once contained therein, it would take relatively little effort on the part of these minds to maintain it in a circular path.
The size of the accelerator needed is the size of the accelerator.
It is a property of the mutron that it will only travel in the most gentle of curves.
The minimum diameter of a circle to be traveled by a mutron is approximately 1000 miles.
Fortunately, we have easy access to an extraterrestrial body more than three times that size.
Earth's moon.
The accelerator can be built in a ring completely circumnavigating the lunar sphere about 100 feet below its surface.
Because of the mental effort that would run it, it would be known as the psychotron.
The psychotron would be a valuable tool in the use of practical time control.
By accelerating the mutron in one direction or another, the entire moon could be induced to follow it in whatever temporal direction it might be directed.
Forward, backward, sideways or up-down.
Having this ability opens amazing possibilities.
It is my proposal that this device be constructed for use in a major project to concentrate the energy of the moon.

It is a very important tool in the development of the universe.
The single most radiant personality among modern men is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
There are other alternate Bob's existing in other alternate time tracks.
Not all of them are as prominent as our Bob, but still are privy to the same great gnosis.
Others are already the rulers of their respective Earths.
All though, are truly Bob.
Imagine if we could travel to those alternative time streams
and convince all of those Bob's to return to our world.
This is exactly what I am suggesting.
The formation of the Congress of Bob's.
Yes my friends, this is our mission.
Those who wish to donate to the psychotron project
will be given a free ride to the alternate world of their choice once the project is complete.
Thank you.
Ready to shout out to all the members of the overlap team.
The project ấyلس unosu Exportas
It is going to large open to let automobiles to come out of their
downtown greatest Michigan.
I hope you are doing a great job and simple of you to get the piece of concrete go to

production.
No, the audience is not far away.
The Master Control Show
here in the Master Control Program
is controlling the show.
And this show will be the show
that you'll probably never hear.
And this show will go off
to another subgenius show
in another land.
And that will be a third show
layered upon this show.
And after that show,
it will go on and continue
spreading like a virus,
layer upon layer upon layer
fading in and out from one another
like hideous...
Well, here we are again.
It just doesn't have to be yesterday.
Your final instructions?
That's right.
And if you are a nice listener,
we're going to read
the whole phone book to you.
Everyone's in the phone book.
That's right.
Remember something I mentioned this morning.
We're over the air.
Behold, the bowels of the heavens
shall be opened to smite
and trump the earth with strangeness.
You, look.
It's the colon of the earth.
Let's pretend like we have a contest going.
We'll just call people in the phone book
and say, you won.
A little bit farther up the colon.
Yes, there it is.
Lips flapping in the wind.
It doesn't have to be today.
Like hideous...
Words of reincarnation.
Words of reincarnation.
In a hell spirit world
that you don't even know about
because you're too ignorant.
Ignorant because you're just a listener.
That's all.
Just a mere listener.
You're all the pathetic fools.
The earth fools.
Oh, ye stiff-legged,
ye, ye pathetic,
third-dimensional creatures.
If you could but know,
could but dream for an instant
of that which could await you,
were you good enough?
You'll be a listener, just like me, caller.
To...
Friends.
Oh, yes, that little Jerry Jeff.
There's no escape.
I guess we should carry it again.
Literally no escape from the show that never ends.
Oh, wasn't there some rock and roll song
about the show that never ends?
The tape machine and the...
The bulk eraser.
The Jerry Jeff creature.
Is it a deadly caller?
Call subgenial security staff
on your priority code channels
and make any...
This message will not repeat.
Thank you for your attention.
Please, make a note of it.
I got a joke.
How did Jerry Jeff caller
get the chicken fried steak out of his armpits?
The trick of picking chicken
is picking what chicken to pick.
Baaah!
You can't get it out of your armpits
once it's put in the way he does it.
Arms for defense?
Those arms are the pits.
Yes.
Keep on arming.
Well, Jerry Jeff...
We armed the...
Oh, you'll wind up in the pits, yes.
We need to do right now.
The basic message of today's military environment.
It's quiet out there.
We're gonna take you to a piece of tough rib eye steak
and we're gonna pound you to the...
He's a flibberty gibbet
and a hick Dominica Honda Sock-de-loo rib ticker.
Step two, yes, right.
Let's call it a necessary, completely unauthorized,
and overextended military operation
in a completely virgin environment.
The zickering of a thicket of gigantic crickets.
Yes, the thickering of the...
I'll just turn that down.
We don't want any of that stuff happening here.
In the swamp bongs the gongs of a throng of frogs
while a knee-deep sheep bleats in a slippery stream
where slimy snakes whisper sinful secrets.
Let's go back to the knee-deep sheep dip, okay?
The knee-deep sheep dip dipped deep down below
the steep and chilly waters
of the deep stream, floats on the surface
like the ancient Egyptians floated on the current
of their belief, for they thought they would never die,
but be reborn as gargling sarcophagi,
horrible mummies to march across the earth
and wreak and spew vengeance.
Give me the pyroflagellator.
All of the little tiny dead deities
march down the side of the subgenius church
and now it ends at night.
Within the great pyramid,
the secret chamber of the subgenius...
My God!
... always enters the...
What light and steam come from the special effects department
located below the pyramid?
... here inside the heart of the mighty structure,
puzzling evidence broadcasts
from the inner chamber of the great pyramid.
Yeah, I'll teach you all how to talk on the radio.
Come on down.
Yes, these giant pyramids are actually radio stations
of a primitive nature, which broadcast by the strange...
I'll play rock and roll until everybody falls apart.
I'll copy that old Procter & Bergman movie.
Then they would show the strange films
to the walls of the...
Come on, let's watch a J-man.
... old Peter Preece.
... mummified kitty cats in their canopic jars
would ever view these great epics.
Oh, why did they have to keep Paul Kitty's brain
out through her nostrils?
The cat, as well as the diggy dog,
was a mysterious and powerful god
that had to be placated.
What a powerful god.
Let's play rock and roll.
They would have chopped Kitty's nostrils
out through her brain with a little machine they've invented.
Yes, they drew your brain out through your nostrils
with silver hooks.
This I learned at the house of my father,
the brain extractor by the Nile.
But I haven't finished with that brain.
That is all right, Senhuay.
You may have the brain of the next traveler
who passes by.
Ah, my son, there are many brains for us to work on.
For the land of Egypt is mighty and rich,
and the Nile Belt is...
Brain after brain was passed
from one listener to another,
and they would call the show and fight the show.
Suddenly they saw a little brat in the bulrushes
in a basket.
I see you down there, little caller.
Remember the cat park?
How can so many people be without one brain?
I have only one brain to divide amongst all these.
And so little Senhuay learned of head launching
and how it was done by the mighty river.
A Vic Morrow and, uh...
Ah, the holy Vic Morrow.
The only true head launching done here in California.
By a professional crew.
And filmed the right way.
Not this false Arnold Palmer garbage.
No, Arnold Schwarzenegger would have made it worse.
But we can't talk about that because it would leave the state
of the nation live, open to libel and slander.
That's our lawyer now!
Oh my God, he heard us!
That guy's gonna sue us about the bleeding handle...
Subliminal message.
Station KXCI in Tucson, Arizona.
Station KABF in Little Rock, Arkansas.
As Hal falls back on reading the list of stations
that don't play any of this stuff ever again.
They don't anymore either.
We wonder exactly what it all means.
But he calls it all the time.
Ladies and gentlemen,
what kind of band is this?
What kind of song is this?
What do they know of life?
First, we've just gained virtually all of the subgenius funds
and absconded and lived in luxury for many years thereafter.
Hi, little caller.
And now it's showtime.
Time for the subgenius hour and a half.
The show that dare not even exist.
And the sun comes up over northern central California.
And we wonder why we're awake.
It's only five.
It's four on Friday afternoon.
We're finishing the last tape of the show now.
In 24 hours, people will hear this show on the radio.
And they'll think it's loud.
And they'll call up and pretend.
That's those shows still going?
Oh yeah, that show's still running endlessly,
mindlessly,
reasonlessly,
like most lives nowadays.
No guidance, no center.
Yes, yes.
Hear that sound, dear friends?
Do you hear that low, mournful sound?
That's the sound of a normal soul floating off,
unhinged, and its anchor raised,
leaving its body and floating off to join the other normal souls
in the great syrup where they're all stirred together
to be reborn again, all exactly alike.
And here, high atop the inner First Bank building in Dallas, Texas,
we broadcast this news of the final truth,
the ultimate punchline of the end of the universe to you,
the mere listener.
Ah, yes.
The show comes in for a landing once again.
Hyper jump.
Okay, can you take it from here?
Because run the older computer on seven.
I've got to go over there again.
Oh, you're gonna play with the beast again, eh?
No, the beast's been programmed.
It's doing the squid run right now,
but I have to get some more of that froth, Doctor.
Oh, oh wait, there's...
Good Lord!
You have...
You, Doctor, have consumed an entire bathtub
full of the sacred Tibetan herb,
I have a froth zip you off.
Wait, wait a minute, listen.
Listen.
It's Recon Metal 12.
Report to Launch Base D.
Launch Base D.
Hey, we've got to...
Well, hold on.
We'll be back after this message.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
And so we find our time running out again, as I say,
the same way every show, it all ends the same way.
And I would recommend reading Per Scripture 16, 14, 17, 18,
and you can write for information
on how to receive these precious subgenius tapes,
because, friends, we need blankets and contraceptives
for those boys and girls in the home for slackless children.
Your contributions also keep those we hate starving to death.
I command you to spill your gift seed pledge
of 100 pounds of dollar bills in my lap,
as this will buy modeling clay and transformer toys
for those poor children's dogs.
We'll bless you for planting this seed, Faith.
Ah, yes, amen.
And now our announcer will give you our mailing address.
That's the Church of the Subgenius P.O. Box 807 Glenrose, TX 76043.
Or please write for information.
Thank you.
This is Reverend Ivan Stanks.
I conscribed the Church of the Subgenius.
This time with Dr. G. Gordon Gordon from the Brazilian Clench.
Pope of all South America.
Praise Bob, my friends, and let there be swag.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Drinking Budweiser.
Watching Bob on TV.
Oh, swallowing redneck.
The day my coon dog died
Reading the pamphlet
Over and over again
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
