Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to Hour of Slack 870,
which in this case will actually be
Reverend Susie the Floozy's
Bob Slacktime Funhouse episode number 447
from WREK in Atlanta,
Susie's Sniper Show.
There was a place they wanted me to be.
My next stop...
The Potomac in the sunset
Is a river turned to flame
And the bloom of cherry blossoms
Is like nothing you can name
That's why we like to be
In the sun
In Washington, D.C.
One of the good things about America...
We know that everybody in America
is either a cowboy or a gangster,
but I've been very disappointed.
I haven't seen a St. Valentine's Day shooting yet.
I haven't even found a body in the trunk of a car,
and I'm very disappointed.
Sounds like blood.
Wondering when we'd write another visit?
Our job is to see that our task force gets oil.
Task force?
Yes.
I'll send it if you have to, but get the job done.
Yes, sir.
We have a...
Please, we have a number of leads.
How do we know that?
I'd raise you in shock.
Number one detective found this clue.
I must confess that this doesn't match with nothing.
Anything to your bond?
Yes, the holes do seem to match.
The
action.
Everybody was going towards a common goal.
Everybody was excited for everybody else.
And all of a sudden I felt like I was a big loving.
I just, I all of a sudden found a place
that I felt like maybe I could grow into.
Why not? What's happening?
Look, just go about your business
like it was any other Saturday afternoon.
Read your papers and look at your TV.
Anything you want, but nobody leaves the house.
Something fishy about all this.
Official business.
What sort of official business?
Mr. Benson is a former agent of the Secret Service.
You should understand.
He
Thanks Cristo.
It could just go from bad to worse
It starts like a kiss, it ends like a curse
But nothing's true
She said everything is permitted
She got jewels on her tongue to time the sauce
She drives all morning in unmarked cars
But nothing's true
It's all permitted
She got these special tools just to keep things tight
But they robbed her eyes long ago of light
But nothing's true
She told me it's all permitted
She got inscrutable poise
and nihilist charm
She gets her three through twos in her arm
She said nothing's true
She said everything's permitted
She nods on graves of marbles cold and white
Her dreams surround the sun like a satellite
She said nothing is true
She told me it's all permitted
The spiders milk her thigh
It does not faze her
She cleans her skin with a Krypton laser
Nothing is true
Everything is permitted
She got heels so high
She got a gown so thin
Her eyes sock the whip before it tames her sin
She said nothing's true
Everything is permitted
She got a perfect technique to clone
Y'all better remember you're all alone
Because nothing's true
She said everything's permitted
You hear me?
Yeah
A steamer trunk full
And not any of that stepped on street crap
Call the D.A. and tell them to cough up their private stash
And I want it delivered by a brown-shoed square in the den a night
Yeah, I could use a few bucks for bullets and gas, too
Oh yeah, my secret message this time is
Your chickens are not sane
Got that?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Ah, incompetence
Evil Susie, will you get off that damn phone?
You've been playing two-bar all night
Haven't you had enough fun?
Come on, watch a little portable battery-operated TV like a good American
Hey, watch it
That nail polish is stinkin' up the whole van
Yeah, isn't it, though?
Some members are overreacting to the real threat of the fire















Oh, gee, isn't there anything else on?
Eh, it's the October sweeps
All the networks are so creatively bankrupt
They've got the same lame idea for a miniseries
The crazy snipers
Oh, man, their ratings must be lower in Satan's basement
Where's the jiggle?
Why ask me?
Oh, jeez, Forza
Mm-hmm
I'll say such a crazy scenario
Like a crazed sniper driving people crazy
And mowing down yuppies here in the D.C. area
If that were true, that'd be pretty crazy, right?
Yeah, right, crazy
Cliché, too
Hey, uh, yeah
Uh, yeah
Say if it were really happening, uh
Mm-hmm
Right
You'd never suspect me, right?
You?
Oh, right
All that running and shooting and running and reloading and shooting
Right, you working
I'd probably do a better job in this jerk, though
He's no Andy Robinson, that's for sure
I don't know about that
You are warned to stand by for an important announcement at 1530
1530, this is news on the radio
The highest importance
Take care not to miss it
Oh, hey, maybe it's a major plot twist in this dog of a show
To the person who left us a message at the Ponderosa last night
The person you called could not hear everything that you said
The audio was unclear
Call us back so that we can clearly understand
You have indicated that you want us to do and say certain things
You asked us to say, quote, your children are not safe
Oh, oh
We feel it's important to provide this information to the public
Oh, you morons, you incompetents
Oh, look, Fleas, I gotta borrow the caprice and go out and shine some crabs or whatever
Don't wait up, okay?
And don't leave the van unattended
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I ain't going nowhere till my toenail's dry
You haven't seen that box of curtain rods I had anywhere, have you?
Oh, yeah
Boy, you got some fancy tasting curtain rods
Curtain where? What, QVC?
Never saw one like that early American wood number with the Charlton Heston signature engraved on it
Gee, uh, you, uh, didn't mess with that, did you, Fleas?
Well, I needed something to hang our wet G-strings on
What?
Oh, by the way, when I nailed it up, it, uh, shot a hole in the side of the van
Oh, my, yeah, it's a new thing, see?
What do they think of next?
Curtain rods that drill their own pilot holes for convenient hanging
Ah, you shouldn't worry about that, Evil Susie
Hanging's too good for you
Ah, so you say
Later
It was cold in the house, so I slept in my car
And I steamed up the windows, then it started to rain
And I dreamed about sex, and I dreamed about peppers
Woke up doing 85 in the passing lane
I didn't have a map, so I went to Virginia
Cause I know how to get there, and cause that's my girlfriend's name
So I was in Virginia, and Virginia was in Boston
Boston was indifferent, Virginia was the same
I need a new place to go
A new place where people wear their clothes inside out
Where everyone was born on UFOs
First I'll learn their language, then I'll ask them out
I was talking to a girl at a truck stop in Texas
We were counting up our problems
I had the most
I held her hand, then I told her I was lonely
I was in the middle of the road


Suddenly she got up and left
I ate her toast
Four of hearts, eight of spades
Two of spades, jack of diamonds, jack of clubs
Why have you disturbed our sleep?
Awakened us from our ancient slumber
You, a eye
One by one
One by one
And we will take you
You have a gun?
No
Know how to use one?
After four years in the Marine Corps
Here, you think we'll need these?
You'll never tell
Let's get going
I'm so dull and uninspired
My boyfriend left me and I just got fired
Gotta go out and buy a gun
Gotta blow the case out of everyone
And there's a feeling that I've never known before
People screw around with me and they don't know what to store
That's the best you can do when my finger's on the trigger
Somehow I just can't
Feel all right with her
Got no money, don't be annoyed
Just buy a gun and make some noise
As you smile and open the door
You can take a look out of any store
It gives the feeling
That I've never known before
People screw around with me and they don't know what to store
That's the best you can do when my finger's on the trigger
Somehow I just can't
Feel all right with her
Every day I walk through the valley of death
I shall fear no evil
I got a gun
Keep the same foot position
However there's one difference in establishing your gun point
You put your gun straight in the middle of your face
of the line between eight and the low house and after you've gotten it in that position move it
a yard towards eight for a right-handed shooter this prevents you from shooting your gun in a
jerk and you have a little better chance of moving your gun smoothly with the target
i felt this incredible surge of power like god must feel when he's holding a gun you're sick man
you're sick i don't like that like i said shut up don't play god just because you've got a gun
but you see sheriff that's the way it is when you've got a gun you are a sort of god
if you had the gun i'd be the chump and you'd be the god the gun gives you the power of life
and death it's a funny sort of feeling to have control of life and death you must have had it
during the war you could miss a man if you had a mind too or you could kill the dead in his tracks
and that made you kind of god and i liked it without the gun or nothing
and i never had anything before i got one first time i got one of my hands and killed a man i got
some self-respect i was somebody like this kid over here if that cat pistol was a real gun and
i didn't have a gun he'd be a kind of a god too and if i wanted my life i'd worship the
ground he walks on and i'd pay him the half a million dollars for my life because life is all i
had
but the squirt doesn't have the gun i have and i can lose the lightning
some members are overreacting to the real uh threat of the sniper if you're more likely
to be hit by lightning sniper do you think some people in this community are overreacting
well sir i i again is not my nature to speculate but i think that um
that can you comment on reports um about the sniper having called
the fbi and five times or more not getting through and being frustrated and calling them
incompetent is there any sense that uh things have been straightened out if they need to be
we're going to release the information when it's appropriate it's all coming together at once
some things take longer than others just like an illness some things don't
respond to treatment right away some cases don't respond to our methods right away we
try new things sometimes it takes a little bit longer we would have liked to solve this by now
but it's it's not going to happen it's going to take a little bit longer but it's going to take a
little bit longer certainly not for the uh the sake that we're trying our best so it may take a
little longer but we're certainly confident that we're going to resolve this there are witnesses
that we have not talked to and whereas this is a delicate matter we feel like in some ways there
may be some people with some type of immigrant status that may be witnesses oh lord oh that's
right illegal immigrants i think i'm going to be sick immigrants i knew it was them we need to get
rid of them is this all routine seems to me to be kind of overboard i mean all this checking and
everything as though you expected this town to have you noticed any strangers in town during
the past week no are you sure sure i'm sure i know everybody in this bird the only strangers
we get are tourists we want to know from either you or your deputies the minute any stranger
doesn't keep going through then this isn't routine no it isn't can you tell me we'll not be in a
position to take any questions as stated earlier everyone knows that all of our citizens are not
citizens are and have been at risk the person or people have demonstrated a willingness and
ability to shoot people of all ages all races all genders and they've struck at different times of
the day different days at different locations we recognize the concerns of the community
now why would i want to get myself killed because it's five minutes to five and a shot
might bring those state troopers storming all over the joint before the president arrives
i can put you away in two seconds by twisting your arm again
fbi fbi yes good morning sir whoa you have indicated that you want us to do and say certain
things you asked us to say quote we have caught the sniper like a duck in a noose in quote we
understand that hearing us say this is important to you like a duck in a noose like a duck in a noose
like a duck like a duck like a duck duck duck duck
We have not been able to assure that anyone, any age, any gender, any race,
we've not been able to assure anyone their safety with regards to this situation.
How do we know that?
We want to stress that that is not our interest in this matter.
Here they are on their way to school on a beautiful spring day.
Duck and cover.
They called me old-fashioned for teaching the duck and cover method.
Who's laughing now?
What?
Please understand that that is not the interest of the task force,
not the interest of the Montgomery County Police Department
as we continue to put this puzzle together.
Oh, how I love it when the pieces of puzzles come together.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
There was an immediate lure of laughter at the other end.
Then?
You're wrong about God and the gun, sir.
The thrill killers.
Homicidal maniacs on a bloody rampage of horror.
Hungry axes bursting for the blood of the living.
Thrill killers starring Cash Flag as Mad Dog Click.
Kill crazy psychopathic maniacs who would do anything for a kick.
Maniacs with a gun.
The thrill killers with Liz Renee,
love-starved nymphomaniac whose insatiable passions
drove men to the very brink of hell.
Oh.
Fly with Mad Dog Click as the head chopper,
three,
as they blaze a terror trail of manipulating evil
in one of the thin cities of the world.
Cash Flag, Liz Renee,
the thrill killers.
The recoil kicked the gun hard into her shoulder
as the slender cylinder blasted out toward the approaching stormtroopers.
Yes, are we retreating?
Not at all.
No chance.
We're heading in.
Get moving.
The approaching stormtroopers,
finally presented with a target,
opened fire.
Just as the grenade hit the ground ten meters in front of them,
exploding into a billowing cloud of green smoke.
We're going in.
Over the roar of the engine,
she could hear the thuds of her erstwhile attackers
falling out of the sky
as the specially formulated smoke
burned into the speeder bike's power connectors.
But where are we going?
Shada swung the speeder bike around.
She knew that eventually,
truly, the pain of that loss would catch up with her,
but for right now,
she had only enough room for a single emotion.
Rage.
We don't know the rise
of our fantastic range.
We don't know the half of it, baby,
or half my age.
You won't have the money.
You will drop my car.
You will do the cocaine.
You will sleep with stars.
You will know the wrath of my fantastic rage.
You don't know the half of it, baby.
You will be there all new ways.
You will have the money.
You will be my girl.
You will be my honey.
You'll be wearing hell.
Hell.
You will wear the brunt of my outstanding love.
You don't know the half of it, baby.
You'll be my girl.
You will have the money.
You will sleep with stars.
You will start the cocaine.
You will drop the past stars.
You will disappear like owls.
You couldn't find you big on the

You won't have the money.
You don't know the half of it.
You will be my girl.
You will be my honey.
You'll be wearing hell.
You will have the money
You will have the time
You will have the time
You will have the time
You will have the time
You will have the time
Pete knows that kids play with guns.
I'm telling you, every one of your friends is a potential smacker.
Hey, so are you!
Where'd they get you?
Only the leg wedge.
I'll make it.
What do they expect a handful of patrols to do?
Clean out this whole jungle?
Give me a hand.

I'll get a couple of companies and I'll clean it out pronto.
You're not here to fight chaps.
You're here to fight time.
And you're doing great.
Yeah, doing great.
Watching my men get knocked off like ducks in a birdbath.
Like a duck, like a duck, like a duck, duck, duck, duck, duck.
In color.
What's the sense of it?
That's what I'd like to know.
I can do it and I'm going to do it.
But you're an American citizen.
Sure.
And one minute after five, I'm going to be a very rich American citizen.
You'll never get away with it.
Turn it off, will you?
So scary.
You're so terrible.


It's terrifying if we dare you to see the maniacs are loose.
The world's first horror movie made in hallucinogenic hypnovision.
Hallucinogenic horror is not only on the screen, but in the audience all around you.
It's a hallucinogenic nightmare.
You are put in the middle of the picture with bloodthirsty maniacs all around you.
Not only on the screen, but live maniacs in the audience.
All over the theater looking for victims.
Almost idle maniacs.
Escape from an asylum.
They terrorize a community.
Reliable love stars women become their prey.
And you'll see these same bloodthirsty maniacs in the audience all around you alive.
For the thrill of your life.
See, the maniacs are loose.
You're doing fine here.
Good.
If it weren't for these snipers, a three-man hit today.
What do you recommend?
If you really want to sleep easy at night, I recommend sealing off every door and window with bulletproof lucite.
Wouldn't we all suffocate?
Well, I should hope not.
Let's get down to suffocation thing.
If I do say so, it took a little courage.
Next door, real right-wingers.
American flag up every day.
Real fascists.
Ought to be gassed.
You know the type.
Oh, yes.
Brother, the fight they put up.
But I told them.
These are liberal times.
Hey, Dad.
You want the Magnum 357 in the back?
In the house?
Darn it, Bing.
I told you not to play around with my guns.
No, I do not want that in the house.
That is my car gun.
My house gun is already in the house.
Now, put that right back in the glove compartment.
And don't let me catch you fooling with my guns again.
I'm sorry, Dad.
Great kid.
I thought you said you were an accountant.
I am.
What do you have all of these guns around there?
You know.
They can be found anywhere in thisần
Was it revenge?
Or pleasure?
Or was it a strange compulsion?
Bring it on.
Give it to me then.
The kindling, which is the most divine and çal three philippines.
Something within him.
Something stronger than the self-control he sought.
He tried many ways to overcome his strange compulsion.
But each attempt ended in failure.



further frustration. Believe me, I fight the impulse. I fight and fight and fight it, but
sometimes it's too much and I've got to give in to it. Can he be satisfied with just looking?
Or must he go further with the object of his interest?
What strange compulsion is it that separates the mild deviant from the potential killer?
What prompts a man in one moment of anger to risk his career, his life?
I can still hear a mocking laughter.
Thought as though I were stripped naked as I ran.
Is he one of many or of a tortured few? You decide when you see strange compulsion.
Guns. Why? The right-wing extremists. Disarm them and us liberals will disarm. Right? Refill?
You have used up all your strength. How can one actually be 처� Dhaka?
That's because you have said no.
It's enough slurping around such a funny call.
Today the prime minister has been called to site by a 그러니까 established president.
Welcome youeyed politician!

Take it away
Time bomb in elevation
Time bomb send a train
Time bomb ship into orbit
Time bomb blow your way
Emotion explosion
Time bomb ready to go
Right to society
Time bomb ready to go
Brain bending, knees trembling
Time bomb way to go
Maze popping, head dropping
Forgot it's gonna blow
Time bomb
Time bomb
Time bomb
Time bomb
Time bomb
Time bomb
Uh, damn
WREK Atlanta
Secret Chesapeake Bay Area
Rest Stop Mobile Unit
Oh, it's you
No, no one's called for you
Why?
Uh, no reason
Oh hey, now I think I figured out
The end of this lame-ass miniseries
I'm watching
Oh, great
Oh, you know, the devious workings
Of your brilliantly-enriched
Sensitive mind
Utterly enthralling
No, I sure do
Okay, so just think
It's like the Washington, D.C. area, right?
Mm-hmm
And it's someone intimately experienced
With rifle fire, right?
Uh
And it's someone that I wouldn't suspect
In a million years, right?
Uh, someone like, uh
J.S.
K.
Uh-huh
Uh-huh
Thanks, I mean, who has the motive?
Who has the opportunity?
And don't forget that juicy
Dead Sinatra mob connection
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
Yeah, I see your point
Point schmoint
Everybody's got one
Hello?
Hello?
Damn
What?
Golly!
The president?
The president?
Well, that's different
That's right
The president?
Why, that's the greatest thing ever happened to this town
We go down in secret, can't we?
Sorry, kid
But I want to get up close
No dice
Uh
No
Something I don't understand
And though we made every precautionary check
We never went to extremes like this unless
Unless you were tipped that there was to be an attempted assassination
You don't mean it
I mean it
But you're FBI
Secret Service is responsible for the safety of the president
We're using everybody this trip, Mr. Benson
Have a look down there
State troopers
Your local law enforcement agent seasoned us
It was no idle fear
Adelaide, our ambassador, made a ringing denial
That the United States was in any way involved
Hallelujah
Hallelujah
Hallelujah
How could we admit that this ludicrous operation
Apparently spawned by the insane
Had actually come out of the bowels of the Central Intelligence Agency?
The whole country would be a laughingstock
You
You're not telling me that you're a laughingstock?
You told me to fix the television set?
You told me to set?
Get your stuff and fix it, it'll keep you from getting patriotic
Don't do something, I'm going to attack you sitting here
Fix the set and shut your mouth
I don't like what you say anyway
The Los Angeles police picked up a small-time stool pigeon night before last
Shot through the lungs and left for dead
Before he died, he told them something was up
Some dirty squeal pigeon stooled on me
What do you mean something was up?
An assassination attempt
I mean the tip of a dying stool pigeon
This stoolie seemed very proud of being in America, but he was not the only one who was killed by the stool pigeon

He was the only American before he kicked off
Meaning crime is crime, but this is something else again
Right, so we can't take any chances
Let's go
Let's roll, guys
In the war room that night, the agency argued for further escalation of the plan
Throw the fat in the fire
I refused, I called the whole thing off and took the blame
That is the first thing I learned as president
And the most important thing
Is to be rule number one in the guidebook for presidents
If you don't want the truth to come out, take the blame
Good evening, my fellow citizens
This government, as promised, has maintained the closest surveillance
How do we know that?
Within the past week, unmistakable evidence has established the fact
That a series of offensive military equipment is being initiated
Where they're found to contain cargoes of offensive weapons
Thus increasing the threat to the hemisphere
Further action will be justified
I have directed the armed forces to prepare for any eventuality
So I took the blame
So much so that it has become almost a generic term now
Rare is the man who doesn't somehow have his bay of pigs under one name or another
I had decided to frighten them, to tell them
How serious I regarded the situation
So I told him emphatically
President Kennedy is not speaking lightly
He means what he says
His tone shocks me
I have never heard him so serious
Moral outrage
I dare not question him
I don't know how much he knows
We hopped over to Vegas to have a meal with Frank
And he was there
He was a family friend
Or so I thought
Betty, bring in the gear
Put the car out back
Bart, do you see the back door is locked tight?
Outrageous
Check the cellar to be sure
I got me some teachers to lick
I still don't understand
It should be obvious to you that if anybody wanted to kill the President
He could do a beautiful job of it
Right from this window of yours
With the love of Mike
You'll see when we get to it
This gun's got a heavy recoil
It won't stand still
We got just three seconds to nail the President
Tommy gun would do just as good
Tommy gun stinks
No accuracy, no punch
No one with a gun on him is gonna see Mr. Kennedy here
If Kennedy gets killed now
Everybody will say I did it, huh?
I am not gonna take that rap
This is the gun
When I was in the Army
So I wasn't in the Army
Just a question an hour later
If it gives the President a bit of an edge, why don't we get it now?
They won't hurt us, he said so
Because it's convenient, Ellen
You think these cronies are a problem?
They would kill the President and then take off
Leaving us behind to identify them
Sure, sure, and I meant it
You indicated that this is about more than violence
Call us at the same number you used before
We remain open and ready to talk to you
About the options you have mentioned
We are waiting to hear from you
A specific threat in other words?
How would you describe the situation we're in right now?
FBI, good morning
FBI
FBI, come in, sir
implementation of an evacuation There's no parks
Hey Are 0 sound coming out of my ear?
What's that sound?
That's the fireman

And what the hell are they filthers doing?
Prestige
We're always
One, one, no
Let's go
What are we going that?
Robert seems to have a little more on the ball.
I need to back and tag this.
You're going to let me in on whatever the hell is going on here.
I'm sure I'll forget a lot to talk about.
You've moved some of the time from that podium when you've spoken to the sniper.
You've spoken somewhat apologetically.
Each and every time, you've spoken courteously, even respectfully, to the sniper.
Why?
It just seems to be the right thing to do.
Do the right thing.
The sniper's a killer, Chief.
Yeah.
Yeah, I never killed a president before.
The guy in school?
Don't ever say that again.
Ever.
I got no feeling against the president.
I'm just earning a living.
By treason.
Don't listen to this guy.
I know guys like that in the army.
We're just doing a job, that's all.
Todd, what's going on?
They're planning to assassinate the president, Judd.
Which president?
It's not funny, Fisker.
The president of the United States.
He arrives here this afternoon.
You're kidding.
Okay with you?
No, you're not kidding.
I'm kidding.
The president?
Kill the president?
They can't.
They couldn't do a thing like that.
They're stinking traitors.
They're Benedict Darnels.
Are you guys crazy?
You can't do a thing like that.
Sit down, reckless.
Don't you realize what that means?
That's assassination.
He's your president, too.
Take a deal with you, boy.
We kill you instead of the president.
That's even, Stephen.
Okay with you?
Thought not.
Anybody else want to take the heat off the president?
How about you, Sheriff?
It's a bad joke.
Anybody else want to volunteer?
For commies.
For enemy agents.
All right, who is behind it?
I haven't the slightest idea.
What's in it for you?
Rape?
Ace those crabs.
No, no, not rape.
Kill him.
That's what you like.
Kill him.
Maybe shooting down NRPWs, huh?
Sit down and shut up.
I know you got away with it, so I got it.
Section 8.
You went out on a Section 8.
Section 8.
Psycho in charge of killing, huh?
You know, I knew guys like you.
Killing was sweet.
Rather kill a man than love a girl.
A real kick.
The thrill with the guts.
That's it.




Or maybe you didn't like your CEO.
Maybe you shot him in the back.
That in.
Maybe you killed...
Like I said...
Shut up.
Because tonight at 5 o'clock, I kill the president.
One second after 5, there's a new president.
What changes?
Nothing.
What are they paying for?
Nothing.
Otherwise, I wouldn't have taken the job, Sheriff.
You'd have taken it.
You think so?
Yeah.
Do you have any feelings at all?
No, I haven't, lady.
They were taken out of me by experts.
Feelings are trapped.
Show me a guy with feelings and I'll show you a sucker.
You think so?







Weakness makes you think of something beside yourself.
If I had any feelings left in me at all, it'd be for me.
Just me.
Don't you ever think of your mother or your father?
Think of him?
I used to think of him a great deal.
My mother wasn't married.
My old man was a dipsaw.
They left me in a home.
A home.
You don't start making more sense, we're going to have to put you in a home.
You already put me in a home.
Then we'll put you in the crooked home each hour in 60 minutes.
Okay.




I'll be good.
Doesn't that worry you?
I haven't got time to worry.
I just make my plans and carry them out.
That's what John Wilkes Booth thought too.
Booth?
I'm no actor.
Busting my leg on a stage so I can yell down with a tyrant.
If Booth wasn't such a ham, he might have made it.
He got pretty far at that though.
The guy who killed Garfield didn't make it either.
Him?
He didn't plan anything.
Just took a lucky shot.
Strictly left handed, just like McKinley.
And then Gary got the chair for his friend.






And then I had Rose Booth.
He had to fight in a crowd.
A hate crowd.
Well nobody ever did.
Up till here.
I'm just a guy making a living.
You'll never get away with it.
Shut up.
It's a terrible thing.
It's a terrible thing.
Turn it off, will you?
It's just another man.
A man.
He's not just a man.
President.
That's what's so funny.
The laugh is on the guys who are paying the freight.
All the sloot and they don't even know what they're doing.
A half a million clams for absolutely nothing.
You're a born killer, that's all.
Yeah.
I know a couple.
Just when you get real good at something, you're a murderer.
Yeah, over the years I've been a murderer.
In a day or two, if you kill a guy, you can knock over a whole platoon.
Or a guy had a bomb that killed a hundred thousand people just like that.
And maybe gets more medals.
Here, you put a slug in a double-cross and squirt that isn't even worth burying.
You have to take the gas.
We hopped over to Vegas to have a meal with Frank.
We met in the Lounge of the Sands.
Frank showed up with a girl on his arm.
This was not unusual.
Frank alone would have been getting a little beat up.

been cause for concern. One lesson Pop had omitted, beware of Italians bearing gifts.
Perhaps I should have suspected something, but with Frank, it never seemed like printing,
only generosity. Or maybe that's just what I wanted to believe. Always lost in a great big crowd.
Oh, nothing. I'd never seen that happen before, such total rapture. He had a quality, a glow that
was hard to define. I'd seen it only once before, somewhere. In an odd way, it seemed political.
Don't give me that politics jazz, it's not my racket. We went to the main ballroom then to watch
Frank's show, but from the moment the spotlight picked him out on the dark stage, I found myself
riveted. There were a thousand people in that huge room, seated on rising tiers, many behind
tables, midway through the news. Always lost in a great big crowd.
I hated that crowd. I used to dream about the crowd once in a while. I used to see all those
faces scratching and shoving and biting, and then the mist would clear, and somehow all those faces
would be me. All me and all nothing. But the instant he started to sing, all noises ceased.
Silverware stopped clicking. People stopped talking. Meals went uneaten as the audience,
with its eyes, devoured Frank Sinatra.
Huh?
Francis Albert.
Francis Albert, Sinatra.
And I sing love songs, mostly after dark, mostly in saloons. I've had some very good years.
Nothing has happened in the motorcade group. There has been a shooting. I repeat, a shooting in the motorcade in the downtown area.
Hey, Harry! Look out!
Oh, no!
Oh, no!
V. Harvey O. didn't have no daddy. He never caught a break, he never drove a caddy.
Join the Marines to learn.
Join the Marines to learn.
Join the Marines to learn.
Join the Marines to learn.
To cool some heels and the oil pallet.
Unfriendly country, but he was unafraid.
He would wave to the people from a passing motorcade, at 11 miles an hour, such a gently speed.
11 miles an hour at the time of place agreed.
They pulled their limousine down and watched me slow and green.
Nothing like the shower at 11 miles an hour.
There!
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
are snoring.
Ugh.
Ugh.
Ugh, I wish Evil Susie
were here.
Ugh, she'd know what to do about this.
Damn it, I'm gonna have to go
deal with them.
Ugh.
Ugh, all the times we're already done.
Hey, hey!
Wake up in there!
Wake up!
Hey, idiots!
You morons!
Starting to get
mad!
Wake up!
Just
smash it open!
Ugh.
All I did was
cough on it.
Oh!
So what do you
do with yourself
to savor yourself?
Hey, little girl,
I'm in a world
I've been a bad,
bad boy
I'm on my knees
Forgive me, please
I've been a bad,
bad boy
I'm not the man
you think I am
I'll give you
warning
You wake
up and find me gone
Some sunny morning
Things that I said
run through my head
I've been a bad, bad boy
My past is black
I'm coming back
I've been a bad, bad boy
In my time
I've done a lot of things
I'd better not weep it out
Remember
But you'll see
Such a changing me
I'm making you forget
Your resolution
To run and hide
from this confusion
You've got to face it
I'm a loser
I'm just a cloud
when I'm down
And while you sleep
I softly weep
I've been a bad, bad boy
Here come the nights
We'll be all right
I've been a bad, bad boy
Just hold my hand
And I'll take you with
The sun and moon
Are always shining
One fine day
You'll turn to me
And see a silver lining
Yeah
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo









guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
That's all you have to say for yourself?
Oh, you little weasels
You got me right in the center of my beehive
Nobody hurts my hair
And you
Oh, Bob
laughter
laughter
laughter


Damn! Oh, not again. Now I'm going to have to fill out paperwork.
You stupid idiot!
Trap. Big, beautiful booby trap.
He played a part real good. Should be in television.
1.18 a.m. Long day. Completely won over the local population.
As Sherman did in Atlanta.
You'd better prepare the appropriate paperwork for action unbecoming a field officer.
You better be ready to redefine unbecoming, baby.
Thanks to the flus busting up my little game, I'm going to be getting kind of bored.
Oh, no!
We couldn't take a chance on the president's safety once it was proven the assassins were in town.
The president went on to Los Angeles.
Someday those guys are going to start taking you for amateurs, huh, Mr. Wilson?
I hope not.
The bad dream is over. Now we can sleep in peace.
You asked us to say, in the form of a postscript, quote...
No, no, no, I'm all right. Just thankful to be alive.
I'm on my hands and knees in the parking lot of the branch office in Spokane.
Death is seldom kind and never fair.
I know that good is stronger than evil.
And yet sometimes it's difficult to see.
Sure, everything's fine.
Gee, well, look at me, saving the world again.
Oh, I sure couldn't have done it without some help tonight.
Like, oh, the Jim Carroll band with Nothing Is True.
That was really good to start us out.
Oh, and then Virginia, that timely little song by Ed's Redeeming Qualities.
That's all I know about that.
That one, and I'm not saying no more.
And I'm sure there's an anti-disclosure clause tied up with
Buy a gun by Pink Lincolns.
Oh, yes, and Das Clown.
Oh, they hopped in with Time Bomb.
That was really timely.
Tick, tick, tick.
Oh, what else did we have?
Oh, yes, Was Not Was with Eleven Miles.
per hour.
And Malamok.
Oh, they were in their loud, fast, and hard Jiminy Pistol.
And then we capped it off with Bad, Bad Boy by Paul Jones
from the Privilege soundtrack.
And we couldn't have done it without Frank Sinatra.
Yes.
From a movie he made in the mid-50s
called Suddenly, where he's gunning for the president out of a window.
He yanked that one from distribution
after his friend Jack got whacked in 63.
But I found it just in time for this.
You know, I could have told you it was two guys doing it.
After all, aren't there two asses in Assassin?
Assassin?
Good night, Seekers.
you are listening to the hour of slack from the church of the subgenius
www.subgenius.com praise bob and praise the doctors this is reverend ivan stang and you can
reach me at post office box 181417 cleveland heights ohio 44118 ah yes
