Lieutenant. Lieutenant. Yeah, yeah, I'm listening. Lieutenant. Yeah, yeah, I'm listening. There's someone opening the door. Lieutenant! Yeah, yeah, I'm listening.
You didn't need a thumb through my note card.
This time he danced as if the puppet strings from his brain had been cut away and the madness was complete.
The genius.
From PR News in Washington, I'm capable of conducting search and rescue missions, also transporting boats in Wilmington, North Carolina.
This city, the city, and so, so, still here.
President Trump.
Oh, I think everybody's happy.
President Trump's sexual assault against Judge Kavanaugh.
100% happy.
The Trumps is accused of being a serial killer.
Investigators say Trump has confessed to killing four women to set up a militarized Turkey near the U.S.-Mexico border.
Turkey often collide.
The Dow is 93-92-2662-114-2662.
In other news, you're listening to PR News.
You like pain?
No, pink.
Oh, pink.
No, I like pain.
He likes pain.
But the pain comes strictly through mind absorption.
And Bob likes green.
Many teaching techniques.
It's misralling.
Bob and the word of Bob teaches you to recapture the slack that the conspiracy took away from you the minute that doctor hit your butt when you were born.
Can you guys give the listeners a definition or some definitions of slack?
Slack, by definition, is...
Indefinable.
It's an essence that if you have to ask what it is, you've probably never had it unless you think about it.
Those who say don't know and those who don't know.
The difference between slack and no slack was the time you were 14 and finally called that girl up.
And when she knew who you were when you identified yourself on the phone, that was the beginning of slack, you see.
But then again, getting the date or anything like that was not slack.
It was that moment when suddenly something went the way you wanted it to go without you.
And you were thinking about it.
It was something that was totally not involved when your feet were involved rather than your head.
Slack is getting things to run smooth without trying.
Without trying.
You give up and you get everything.
It's like a submission of the self to the white overlighting in Buddhism.
The Atman surrenders to the holy oneness without thinking about it.
It's not give to get.
It's give up and get anyway.
It's repent.
It's get.
Repent.
Quit your job and get rich.
Get rich.
Or get mad.
Or get evil.
Slack off, my friend.
Don't be embarrassed.
And Bob will give you slack.
Bob watches over drunkards, idiots, froth heads, and all subgeniuses.
Slack is like going through that old wallet that you lost so long ago and found it in a big dust ball in the corner of the room.
You go through it.
You find a $100 bill in it.
Man, that's slack.
And Reverend Stang tries to remind us that we're born with slack.
And if you don't have any,
then someone else has got it.
Because you got your share.
And if you don't have it,
it's where it should be.
And that's the conspiracy.
It's that boss that treats workers like they were property.
But if you have lost it, it is possible to get it back.
Through Bob.
Through Bob.
With holding tax takes away your slack.
Through Bob and the right amount of money.
I mean, you know, people have to realize that they're spending incredible amounts of money that isn't worth anything on short duration pleasures of the flesh.
Slack money.
The money they pay for that Porsche.
The money they pay for that Z car.
Not only for that slack, but false sex.
For that new video game.
False sex.

Massage parlors.
Yellow Rose.
Topless bars in Austin Tech.
All of that stuff, you know, that's false.
For less than that, they could spend less than drinks for one person in one evening and achieve salvation.
True slack.
You can evolve through laziness.
It can be done.
You can get rich off procrastination.
I live like Bob.
That book is a powerful book.







It's a powerful book.
It's a powerful tool.
Wow, friends.
That recording was from over one million years ago.
But it has Dr. G. Gordon Gordon in it.
Well, this episode, Hour of Slack number 1716, if you can believe that, is a continuation of last week's shows composed of three shows.
And I basically had to assemble this while vacuuming my house and swabbing through the walls.
I had to do this because I have 13 house guests coming in two days.
And then we're all going to go to Austin for the subgenius movie premiere at South by Southwest Film Festival.
And coming up is part two of the interview about that movie with me and Sandy Boone, the director on a show called Lights, Camera, Austin.
Following that, as promised, will be the last eight minutes of Dr. Philo Drummond.
And I'm going to be talking about the first episode of the show, which is going to be about the first time that Dr. Philo Drummond was on the Puzzling Evidence show before he left California.
And it's kind of touching.
And then, as threatened, we'll hear about 12 minutes more of that horrible time for the show show where I had to call in, as it were, using my laptop and sketchy Wi-Fi, which made for these weird time lags that make me sound much drunker than I was.
And I'm going to be talking about that.
However, what's even more obvious to me listening back to that one is how deaf I still am, even with hearing aids.
Honestly, I just couldn't really hear those guys well.
So I'm just guessing sometimes.
But first, OK, that documentary movie about the church that we've been yakking about for two years.
The trailer came out today.
And here's the soundtrack from it.
Have you ever wondered about your name?
Have you ever wondered about your neighbors?
Maybe wondered about the weird thumps and bumps, chants emanating from their apartment?
I was once a degenerate, but Bob saved me.
It's the church of the subgenius.
Their prophet's name is Bob.
I found an image of Bob's head in a bedpan.
Praise Bob!
If Jim Jones could talk 900 people into killing themselves, we could talk 900 people into sending us a dollar.
I grew up as a little white boy in the 1950s in a middle class home.
I really did feel like a weirdo.
We had this sort of an icon we could blame everything on.
The conspiracy of normalcy.
Wouldn't you like revenge on these mediocratons, these normals who have made normality the norm?
We were grasping for this crazy religion to help us see the light.
We tied together every fringe belief you could think of.
It made perfect sense to me.
Repent! Quit your job! Slack off!
We offer eternal salvation or triple your money back.
The subgenius was a club. It was a badge.
You may think it's funny. We hope you do.
We are trying to deliver medicine of a sort.
Y'all are out to put down outrageous cult groups.
What does this mean?
No, no, this is an outrageous cult group.
Not everyone in the church of the subgenius gets along with one another.
He's a shirt on his head!
It was a little bit scary. We realized some crazy people are attracted to this.
It got a little too far out for me.
It's very effective to slice the world up and to pit everyone against each other.
We believe that you do need to eliminate and exterminate all the normals.
If you want to sell a religion, you need to do it.
If you want to sell a religion, you have to kill the deity. That's how you do it.
The conspiracy constantly grows and it is worse than ever.
There's always going to be a conspiracy.
It can morph and it can evolve and so can the church of the subgenius.
We actually are a religion that seems like an art piece, that seems like a religion,
that seems like performance art, that seems like a joke, that seems like a religion.
Doug aka Reverend Tsang, at what point did you feel that the church became less about you and Steve aka Philo
and more about others, that perhaps this was becoming something bigger than you intended it to be?
Well, it was always about Bob. We kept the focus on Bob.
I generally was presenting myself as just a little boy.

I just work here. I'm just the scribe on this thing.
The first people who got in contact with us after encountering this weird little publication we'd done,
all of them got it.
But as we got better and better known in the early 80s,
it did start to attract people that I could only describe as differently-signed.
I learned not to just let any subgenius come stay at my house.
We had a lot of interesting house guests and after a while, it got a little bit too interesting.
But it was interesting.
But what Sandy's film does a really good job of is putting the whole thing in perspective with the current events of the time.
A lot of what we were doing was a reaction against what we saw as kind of a...
I mean, there really is a conspiracy of normal people just instinctively keeping down anything different.
It's just a kind of a fear of the different.
And there's...
You see a lot of clips in the film that remind you of the atmosphere of the times.
For instance, at Jonestown, mass suicide had happened.
There's references to the Heaven's Gate thing.
A lot of people thought that was us at first.
Right.
One of the lines of...
The reason we used the Jonestown is because we said,
if...
One of their slogans was, if Jim Jones could have 900 people kill themselves, we can get 900 people to give us a dollar.
And so that's...
Yeah.
Yeah.
The funny thing is nobody believes that we're really asking for a dollar anymore.
A dollar is like a penny.
They think it's a joke.
However, they don't mind spending more.
Nobody wants to spend one dollar.
Because how can you get anything for that?
Actually, the pamphlet's not bad.
But it's...
And also, we were working and living in Dallas, which is aptly described as the buckle on the Bible Belt.
So we were big fans of a lot of radio preachers that we thought were pretty outrageous.
But at the same time, they were also very entertaining and kind of easy to imitate.
At first, I...
I didn't...
I hadn't found my own preacher voice.
And I was kind of doing a pseudo Jimmy Swaggart.
He was a really talented evangelist, kind of the Mick Jagger of preachers.
And we borrowed a lot from some of those guys in terms of just dramatic and outrageous accusations and promises made in sermons.
That kind of thing is really funny.
And I had a lot of fun to do.
And we...
I did not plan on being a preacher.
I kind of had stage fright.
But there was another guy in Dallas who used the name Reverend Buck Naked who was doing subgenius preaching.
And he was funny.
He came up with some great ideas.
But I didn't like his style completely.
I felt like, okay, somebody's got to do it.
I guess it's me.
So, I got over my stage fright gradually.
We found ourselves doing...
Working with rock and roll bands and strange experimental bands that we called doctor bands.
And doing shows in clubs.
Not usually real fancy clubs.
Just, you know, bars and things.
But occasionally, we would be invited to do our art museum performances.
That's what we did.
And they seemed to think we were doing performance art.
Which I had never heard of.
But apparently, that's one of the many things we were doing.
We were also doing male art.
Which was a big thing in the 80s.
Just before the internet.
When the internet hit, that kind of saved us from total obscurity.
I was about to give up on the whole thing.
It was just costing more than it was making.
Somehow.
I guess Bob was siphoning off all the real profits.
Some magical way.
But the internet made it possible for fringe people to encounter each other a lot easier.
By the same token, it allows people to live in their own little bubble of delusion.
Because there's always 10,000 other people that believe what you want to believe.
But we had a lot of fun with the internet.
Plus, it opened our radio shows up to a much wider audience.
You know, you can hear them anywhere in the world.
Now.
So, that kind of thing was like free publicity.
And it kept us going.
I got to the point where it was a full-time job for me.
And I kind of quit working for other folks back in the late 90s.
What a relief.
So, I basically run all the mail order side of the whole thing.
Which is not hard to keep up with.
It's a little bit like being the people who make ant farms.
Or the, you know, sea monkeys.
Yeah.
But one of the things, even before the internet, by word of mouth and because of all these artists,
it was attracting more and more people.
And Devo really brought it into the light, too.
They were very, very interested.
And Mother's Ball.
And they actually showed up at one of the main divivals in Dallas-Fort Worth.
But then we knew.
I mean, Austin was a very different place then.
And so, Jonathan Demme, who, he's done Silence of the Lambs and Philadelphia and a lot of them.
He actually came to town.
And he would come to our house.
It was before he became well-off, you know.
And they would come to Austin just to hang out and listen to the music and stuff.
And he brought David Byrne to the house.
And he brought John Sayles.
And it was like they all came out and hang out to have dinner.
It was just normal people.
And they loved the tongue-in-cheek humor.
And before you know it, it just took off.
And it took off in many different areas.
So there is like an Arkansas group.
And there's a New York group.
And there's a San Francisco group.
Sandy, with your documentary, J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
you chronicle the good times and you chronicle the bad times.
And so there seems to be this demarcation mark when it comes to July 5, 1998, which is X Day.
This is a date that the Church of the Subgenius claimed before the date that it would be the day that the members would get power over the normal.
And I'm kind of wondering if that date, did you see that when you were doing your research and sort of observing the church in action,
did you see this approaching date as perhaps something that would be challenging to the church,
especially in how it would get past that date and continue to...
remain active?
Yes, and it was actually very difficult to figure out from that point on how do you...
We wanted...
In the movie, we're trying to make people think maybe the church was ended, maybe...
You know, keeping them curious the entire time.
And so the movie somewhat ends like three different times,
and we're showing how they just keep coming back and keep coming back.
And as Doug will tell you that they never, when they gave that date,
they never thought that the church would be around in 1998.
So...
And all of a sudden, here it's there.
And so they turned it into this performance art and made a big joke out of it.
And Doug has this...
Doug, the way you say that when you're saying, you know, sometimes it may be 1998.
Sometimes, can you do that little spiel?
I think it's real funny how, you know, where we're talking about the last revival where you describe,
well, it didn't happen in 1998, but it could be what the next date.
Right. We don't know what year this really is.
We don't...
And we're just taking their word for it.
We're just taking their word for what planet this is, for that matter.
So consequently, we're out there waiting for the world to end every July 5th.
If we'd known we'd have to get up at 7 in the morning every July 5th for 25 years,
we might have set a different time.
But that wasn't up to us.
You know, we can't tell the men from Planet X when to show up and destroy the unbelievers and save the believers.
So we faithfully gather in various campgrounds.
Usually, we like to keep it challenging.
We don't want it to turn into like science fiction and comic conventions in motels.
Those are fun, but we wanted it to be more of an adventure.
Also, we couldn't afford motels.
And so it became this regular thing.
We had a regular camp out, and the veterans of the X Day events are really good friends.
And we've also hooked up...
There's a kind of a neo-pagan festival that happens at the same place called Starwood Festival
that's much bigger and has people who are a little bit more serious about their beliefs,
but they're very eclectic at the same time.
And there's been quite a bit of crossover between us and the pagans.
And as Sandy pointed out, the bands like Devo...
It's always weird novelty bands for some reason, people wearing masks.
And the underground comic books of the late 70s and early 80s,
those were a huge influence on Philo and me
and a lot of the other...
main collaborators,
some of whom were those self-same comic book artists that we admired,
like Paul Mavridis and Gilbert Shelton,
who did the fabulous Furry Freak Brothers.
Actually, they both worked on that.
Gilbert's an Austin...
He was originally from Austin.
And I've run into several old hippies in Austin
that claimed they knew the fabulous Furry Freak Brothers,
and they were characters in real life,
but they never did exist in real life.
They were just characters based on types that Gilbert had encountered.
And likewise, we run into people who swear that they met J.R. Bob Dobbs.
We even run into people who claim they are Bob Dobbs.
And there's something else about 1998.
The problem...
This is an organization run by humans,
with human frailties.
And so...
There were lies caught up in this,
and how families were harmed by...
just because they were associated with a subgenius,
even though it wasn't this vile, evil thing.
But it was made out to be.
And I think it was really important to show
that mental stability of different people also affected it.
And the church's input from Papa Joe Mama,
where he got on NPR right after certain events,
and he...
He spilled stuff,
and he made it look like it was truly evil,
which was never supposed to be.
And was there any discussion about perhaps ending the...
dissolving the Church of the Subgenius
once you hit that July 5th, 1998 date?
That perhaps, you know,
you've hit this date,
and this would be a good time to sort of...
Okay, this was fun while it lasted,
and let's now move forward, go our separate ways.
Well, that's what some people say.
And I think that's what people expected would happen.
But the way we looked at it was,
hey, this is the first time we've actually made any money off this thing.
Let's keep it going.
And I'm really glad we did.
I mean, it was pretty dicey for a while there.
Just, you know,
how do you balance making a living with this thing that doesn't really...
You know, it's never going to be a big fad.
It's never going to make us rich.
If it did, that would mean we were doing something dreadfully wrong.
And it would only last a few months, you know.
Then it would be burned out.
Yeah, but it didn't help either that their premise was, you know,
get slack and everybody quit their jobs.
Right. Well, we've...
Then you have all these members with no jobs and no money.
Yeah.
The Church of the Subgenius motto is,
you know, effeminate, they can't take a joke.
And the whole point is, you know,
you either get the joke immediately
or you don't get the joke at all.
But how do you deal with the people
who latched onto the Church of the Subgenius,
didn't get the joke,
and sort of decided that this was something
that they wanted to be a part of
for simply because they felt like outsiders.
This was a group that they felt aligned with,
and they took very seriously,
as opposed to sort of realizing that it is a parody religion.
Right. Doug, tell them about your first crazy
that you stepped, you know,
when you were doing one of the devivals in San Francisco.
Well, yeah, we had a...
Probably the biggest show we ever did
was in 1984 in San Francisco.
It was such a big show that we had a Bob look-alike there
who was shot by one of his own followers.
That was the end of the show.
A lot of people thought the church would end right there.
But there was a guy who came up to me afterwards,
and he was furious.
Because he was saying things like,
Stang, Stang, those people in Dallas that invented this
are going to kill you for turning it into
some kind of Sonny and Cher comedy thing.
I mean, this is serious.
He'd pull out this copy of the book of the subgenius
that he had marked up, and he'd go,
Look what it says right here. Stop what you are doing now.
And I'm going, Yeah, I wrote that myself.
What the hell are you talking about?
Now, I had never encountered anybody
like that before, and it was hard for me
to believe it was even happening.
But every year there was one or two that would try to tell us
what we were doing wrong by being funny.
I mean, these people really wanted to get the normals.
Whereas what we were doing was a takeoff on the tendency
of people to divide everything into us and them
in these simplified ways.
And what we're trying to do is pop holes in stereotypes
and point out that, I don't know,
we're a cartoon of the people's tendency to turn reality
into a cartoon, which has become easier now with the Internet.
Oddly enough, it didn't spread education.
It spread different forms of delusion faster than anything.
Was there a point, though, when it, for you,
as an outsider standing, looking in, and as Doug obviously
is heavily involved in the church, was there a point
when perhaps it no longer was a joke?
I know you go into sort of post Columbine, post 9-11
in the documentary, but looking inward, looking outward,
was there a point that it just, the sort of joke wasn't funny anymore?
Oh, no.
Because we kept it mutated so fast.
There were so many people involved.
And we pick on ourselves.
I mean, one of the things that we're making fun of the most
is ourselves.
It's like, it's kind of hard to explain, but we know how weird
we may look to others.
And we try to play on that.
And at the same time, try to keep the really angry people,
try to get them laughing again.
It's not a room full of people chanting.
It's a room full of people laughing.
That's how it keeps from turning into a cult.
And when somebody starts taking it too seriously, they start getting it.
And they're getting made fun of by all the other subgeniuses around them.
And then they get offended.
And then they spend the rest of their lives talking about how we're just
money-grubbing bad guys.
I wish.
I wish I knew how to be a better money-grubber.
But we unfortunately decided to start an anti-business business,
an anti-art project, and an anti-money-grubbing project.
Science, science project.
Yes, but in all honesty, though, we have to admit that during 9-11
and also the Columbine situation.
But it wasn't that there was so people.
The entire United States and the world were struggling with how do we make
a joke about something that's so painful?
How do we help people through their mourning and make them see the other side?
Because humor does that for people.
And so, you know, F on this, they don't take a joke.
But how far?
And it wasn't just the subgenius.
It was late-night comedy and talk shows and stuff were all struggling, you know,
with how, when.
When can we make a joke of this?
How do we make a joke of this?
Or is this where it ends with the joke?
Has there been renewed interest in the church of subgenius during Trump's presidency?
I think so.
Doug, you would have to answer that in one way.
But as far as when I come in, first I'm explaining again what the church is about
and everything.
And I look totally normal.
And they're going, what are you doing?
And I'm going, you have to understand the influence this group had and how many people
it actually helped.
It didn't just, you know, and lifted up and raised up and how it causes people to
truly think outside of the box.
And I'm just so proud of that.
And I also can see it.
I think it's a great way to show that when they're making humor from politics and they're
poking and pointing at all of our human frailties as human beings, whether, no matter what
political stance you take, you know, they'll jump on the opposite side of either way you're
going to go.
So, Doug, has there been renewed interest in the church?
And are you expecting more interest once the documentary, the J.R.
Ball's dogs in the church of subgenius starts playing?
Or is it just the festival circuit and receives a release?
We're, we've had a record of about every 10 years we're the coolest thing on the block
for about a month.
I think when the movie comes out and I hope lots of people see it, I think a lot of people
go, what?
They're still around?
I remember that.
Boy, that's all we could talk about in college 30 years ago.
And now they've, now they've got a little bit more money.
So, you know, that's cool.
that may be helpful. I certainly wouldn't mind selling more ordainments. You know,
we do actually ordain people. I am an actual minister, technically. I can do marriages. I've
done, I've lost count of how many people I've married together. And a lot of them were folks
who met because of the Church of the Subgenius. It actually has done a lot more people good than
it's harmed anybody because a lot of them just felt alone. They didn't know there was anybody
else out there thinking those kinds of thoughts, especially in small towns. And they'd run into
this subgenius stuff, either the book or maybe even one of the radio shows, and go,
wow, I have brothers and sisters out there somewhere. I've got to know more about this.
And of course, other people just think it's funny and they don't want to meet
any subgeniuses in real life. That's kind of sad because they're actually mostly really,
really interesting. I've met some of the coolest and longest lasting friends in my life through
this thing. It's been great for a lot of us just in terms of making friends.
But also, you know, when we started this, the one thing that you were concerned about is
Doug is 65 now. And
the group is getting older and he didn't want to pass away. And this turned into a real cult,
you know, and that he said he wanted to make sure that, you know, he broke character and that he
let people know without question that this is a joke, always has been a joke.
Well, it's a joke, but it has its serious aspects. Nuggets of wisdom buried in the
manure is one way of somebody put it. And,
uh, but yeah, there is, there is a tendency for people to want to make it into like a little army,
little fight club thing. And, uh, this has happened before. There's a lot of cases of,
I mean, really large fringe religions growing from things that were originally a satirical pamphlet.
Uh, it's, and I mean, it's for hundreds of years that has happened. And, uh, you'd think,
right, that nobody could look at this stuff and take it at face value,
but there's much weirder things out there that people do take very seriously. And, uh,
so yeah, I, I wanted to make sure that it was understood where this came from there. It's not
magic.
So is the plan, is the plan, Doug,
for when, when you and, uh, when your co-founder,
the pathway for the church to come to an end?
I don't think we have any power over that. It's, uh, I'd say most of the, the vast majority of
people out there on the internet who identify themselves as subgeniuses or subgenius fans
never actually joined or sent any money in at all. Uh, and, and, uh, there's a,
there's a group called the discordians that was started as just for fun by a couple of people.
It, it, it got bigger and bigger. The, the people, the guy who originally wrote the, uh,
the discordian stuff disavowed it and dropped out, but you still run into obnoxious discordians
today. There's a lot of crossover between us and them. Uh, and we were inspired by, uh, uh, uh,
a discordian.
Based novel called, uh, Illuminatus by Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson,
who later became our friends. Uh, and, uh, uh, so it has, it'll continue long after,
after we're dead, but there will always be a Sandy's movie that people can pull out and go,
Hey, look, look, settle down. This is where this came from.
Okay.
In a way, I really would love to reach.
Uh, the younger generation, 18 to 35 right now and show them this and show them what the joke is
and this tongue in cheek humor. So they could use it themselves and, and to help them in their world.
Yeah.
Oh, there's, there's always new ones coming along. I mean, we, I, I sell at least two or three of
those ordainments every day. I wish, I wish, I wish it was more like 10 of them every day. Like
it was in the, uh, about 15 years ago.
Well, maybe after the movie comes out.
Well, that'll happen for a while, but it's, uh, you know, it's, it's, um, I'm not expecting to,
uh, be suddenly on late night talk shows or anything like that. That would be great, but,
uh, cause it's long overdue, but you know, we're not, uh, it only pretends to be a get rich
quick scheme. I've, I've run into so many people who just had such a shallow understanding of it.
They, they,
honestly thought that we were just trying to rip people off with this fake religion. And we're not,
we're trying to inoculate them against fake religions and for a really low price,
which I won't go into on this public supported venue.
Wrapping up, Doug has running the, uh, the church of the sub, uh, genius left you as Doug
in a constant state of slack.
Uh, I actually do have, uh, slack.
I can say now that slack is real. Uh, a lot of it is, is, uh, I've, I've got a wonderful family
and a great wife and, uh, good dogs. And, uh, I'm, I'm not in a terrible stress over,
over my future. Uh, you know, I'm, we're, some of us are getting older and,
and we're having to deal with, uh, aging and ailing friends and so forth. Uh, but,
uh, I personally, and I, I, I can speak for Philo in this respect. Uh, we, we both have,
uh, I think we've, uh, had a really, really good run and it's, uh, I feel like, uh, Bob
gave us slack in some strange way, uh, twilight zone way perhaps. But, uh,
uh, you know, it's work, it's worked out for us and we'd like to share as much slack as we can.
It's a, there's no end to slack. It's a bottomless pit. Everyone was born with original slack.
We're just there to remind them of that. We can't tell them what their slack is.
Some of the things in the world too. Right. And not take yourself too serious.
Yeah. It's a pep talk. It's a, it really is. It's a pep talk for people who, who are,
are, are feeling, uh, uh, alone and hopeless. Uh, we can't, it may be hopeless, but somehow we can
get them to laugh at that fact for a little while. Exactly. And Sandy, have you ever achieved a state
of slack? Uh, actually, uh, non-member of the church of the Papagians. Uh, yes, actually. Uh,
I've always walked in, um, faith and, um, even through difficult trials in my life,
my death of my late husband. And, and as we're getting older, Doug,
Doug is right. Many of our dear friends have passed away, but you're just grateful for every
day above ground and try to see life, uh, in a positive. And, uh, and finally, both for you,
Sandy and for Doug, are there any plans in terms of the documentary, uh, weaving it into, uh, I
guess this year's July 5th, uh, X-Date event? Oh, I, Doug hadn't, we hadn't talked about that,
but it'd be absolutely acceptable if he would like to do that. Yeah.
Well, Sandy and Doug, thank you very much for joining me.
On Lights, Camera, Awesome to discuss J.R. Dobbs, uh, J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the
Subgenius. Good luck, uh, when the documentary screens during this year's South by Southwest
Film Festival. Thank you so much. Thanks for having us on. Thank you very much. Do appreciate it. Okay.
Price Bob. And thank you for, uh, Price Robert. Price Robert. Now I know why you got us on this
show. You just wanted to hear us say your name a lot. See, we didn't pick a weird name.
Like, praise Ivan. No, we picked the most common name in the world. Think how many people named Bob
have joined the church just because of that. Yeah, exactly. I'll have to consider joining you. Okay,
sounds good. Well, thank you very much, Doug. I do appreciate it. Thank you.
Don't you call me a mitten flicker.
You flippin' mecker. Uh, it's the time for the 20-year cicadas to come out and they're
emerging everywhere. I, I really, I just don't know what to say here. This has got me
nonplussed. Everywhere you look, there's one of these. Oh, I see. Oh, I see we're getting
close to the end of the show. I would like to make a short announcement. The giant ants.
He's gonna make an announcement. I'm gonna make a short announcement. I would like to
thank, uh, thank all of the, uh, listeners out there. I'd like to thank the, uh, perpetrators
of the Puzzling Evidence Show. Saxon. Uh, this is, this will be my last, my last, uh,
performance on the Puzzling Evidence Show. After all these years, I will be leaving the
show tonight for the last time, sadly. I've enjoyed this, uh, this gig. It's really been
fun. I'm glad the listeners and the callers and everyone. Yes, he's gonna ride out into
the desert and you won't see. Being able to be on the radio was like fulfilling a dream
of mine, so I'm really happy to have been able to participate.
And, uh, seriously. And, uh, I wish it could go on forever, but I will be leaving the state
and make it much more difficult to get here at three o'clock in the morning. But you will
be rerun again and again in the listeners' memories. So I will be saying tonight, after
tonight, I will be saying adios to. To audio. Yes. And all the denizens and all the people
of Northern California and the internet. But I would also like to say thank you. Thank
you so much. Take my side. For all the great fun and rollicking good times. Put it on my
pony. The Rollica. Jamming with words. Jamming with words with my buds late at night in the
middle of the night has been a great thing to do. Well, let's just finish up the show.
It's the best ever.
Jamming with words. Yeah, it's been fun having you on here. You're one of the more dynamic
characters ever on the show.
Oh, I can't wait to listen to that show.
Out into the universe goes the show.
And so now we'll be getting some donuts.
And the last traditional donut gathering.
The last traditional donut gathering.
Spun sugar.
Spun sugar.
Eleven days from now, I will be armed.
Help us.
This unreal.
Driving.
To my new.
I've got such tremendous.
Well, we already had national donut day.
It's the end of this month. It'll be 30 years since the first show. Hang up the phone.
It's so upsetting.
Yeah.
Horrors of Spider Island.
But one good thing about not being on the show anymore, I'll finally not be the rookie.
Monster.
I've been like a rookie for years.















I've been a rookie for 17 years or something. I'm, you know, it's.
The rookie.
I think I will graduate from rookie eventually.
Okay, rookie.
Yeah.
Okay, Rob, you're the rookie now.
Gee, thanks.
I'll pass that, pass that torch to you.
Hey, Hal, here's a.
Is that your real feeling about, about Philo leaving, caller?
Very sad.
It is sad.
It can't be glossed over.
It's so dry.
Well, I'd like to make it last, last, but I can't do it.
But nothing does.
And leave at the same time.
But you can phone it in.
And I.
Oh, maybe I will phone it in at some point.
There's all that voicemail junk that people use.
Awesome.
On, as you travel, you should make a yak tape record of your adventure.
Oh, I will.
Yeah, definitely.
They can later be turned into radio gold.
Our ratings will soar.
It's time.
Where I expect to land, it would be like seven o'clock or something.
Even if you're going to land hard.
Three, four, six o'clock.
In a hard land.
A rough, unteamed land.
A young, brawny, brawling land where a man can swing his fists until he pants from exhaustion.
Pounding himself in the head.
Hades.
Punch after punch.
Bam, bam, ow, bam, ow.
At Walton's Drugstore.
Bam, ow, ow, bam, ow.


Why do you keep hitting yourself, huh?
Why do you keep hitting yourself?
Are you going to go to Wal Drug and see the big concrete brontosaurus?
No, I'll go to Walide Drugstore.
Man, I wish I was going on that one.
I may be taking a special dinosaur-related trip.
I'm going to go to every drugstore, every giant ball of string, every giant dinosaur, every giant everything.
Giant everything.
There's a giant trout you can visit.
And cheaper everything.
An enormous shoe.
I'm going to see the flea circus.
Remember where you go?
Look at the flea circus under a microscope?
Yes.
A little scope.
Oh, there they are, waving.
Look at that.
They're still there.
Thank you and good night.
There he goes.
Everybody stand up for a great American.
J-Cal radio.
I am a robot.
Boop.
I am a robot.

Boop.
So long, Philo.
So long, boys.
He goes on his rocket to the moon.
So long, gentlemen.
He's about to blast off.
Everybody want more.
Yes, yes, y'all.
J-Cal is in the house, house, house, house, house.
We get more letters from brain-damaged prisoners than you can even imagine.
And the great thing about it is they're all handwritten in pencil because prisoners are not allowed to have pens.
They're too dangerous.
They might start practicing cursive.
Yeah, exactly.
I read a lot of letters from prisoners written on live paper and mailed by the U.S. Mail, if you can even imagine that.
And I feel great sympathy for the prisoners.
Of course, most of them are in there for—they're unfairly jailed for victimizing.
They're in there for almost crimes like murder, arson, drug dealing, and so forth.
And, you know, it's just a shame that the state has decided to mete out this—what their idea of justice.
So I've become very sympathetic to prisoners, and I actually write back to them with—
I have handwritten—
I have a pencil on paper so I can read it, you know, because that's all they—it gets to where that's all they can read.
It's a sad day and age when all you've got to do is write.
You know, you guys are all going to be in prison.
That's going to happen to all of us.
We're all going to be in—
He said you guys first, but then all of us next, so we wouldn't, you know, we wouldn't feel like, you know, he was going to exclude himself from us.
Oh, no.
They'll get the important—they'll get the important people like me and Philo first, but then they'll come after you just because you're making this podcast.
That's, you know, a public treasonous act.
You praised Bob on a public surface, so you're going to end up at Trump Stop, working at Trump Stop, just like me and Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Philo and the whole old gang.
All the old folks are in that mood.
Every Wednesday you do get a taco bowl.
I heard they have ramen, too.
They got a lot of top ramen there.
Nissan.
Good.
Yeah, they have snacks.
There's snacks and stuff, and you can buy things like razor blades and—well, not razor blades, but something to shave with.
Oh, shave with.
Okay.
And some—
Some of the meds that you need from the commissary.
I've had to look into all that lately because they're, you know, they're closing in, and we've only got so much time before the ice cap melts and the conspiracy just decides, well, we've had enough of these.
They keep complaining.
We're going to have to just lock them up.
Lock them up.
Lock them up.
The ice cap is just earth.
It's bald spots.
Yeah, don't be so insensitive.
The earth's precious about that.
You know, give the earth a little pity here and there.
It's looking pretty good for its age.
I'd fuck it.
Is that what the Arctic Circle is?
The tree line is just the comb over?
It's just earth's comb over?
That's when earth takes off its yarmulke.
That's where—
It was the way that Mother Earth buried and hid and fried.
It was the way that Mother Earth froze all these ancient pre-ice age diseases that could kill everything that is a mammal alive today.
And that was nature in her wisdom, you know, hiding all those viruses away.
And, of course, they're now being exposed because, well, you know.
Well, a few months ago.
Anything.
Anything.
Anything to kill all the subgenius.
That's their motto as far as I can—
It's like they'll do anything to wipe out all the subgeniuses.
It doesn't matter what happens to them.
That's—
They're just part of the hive.
Well, a few months ago, we were asking our Patreons and all of the other people that we beg for money constantly.
You know, we were working on our flat earth expedition.
Because Thin and I were going to charter.
We were going to charter a boat down to the ice wall.
We're brave.
And we were going to take a rope.
A really, really long rope.
And we were going to go over the edge.
But now, you know, maybe we should just, instead of buying the rope, we can just buy hair dryers.
And then we can just go down there and do, you know, man's work at a little more efficient pace.
Or I still have those mushrooms.
We could just eat those instead of going to Antarctica.
But we can still buy the hair dryers, right?
You know.
You've got a point.
If you just take the mushrooms and envision that work, that's enough.
Then you have the same slap.
If you envision it completely enough sitting on your couch, why do you really need to go to Antarctica and hang off the edge of the world to prove the flat earth?
You've already done it in your mind.
Yeah.
That's enough for us.
I have no—
You can just—
You have the right to blow it off.
Works for InfoWars.
I have the ability to transform my left hand into a part of female anatomy.
You know?
That's nature's will.
Don't you have to kind of switch back and forth?
You know, left hand, right hand.
Yeah, every ten years.
You're young.
You probably don't need all that extra.
Well, we do a lot of typing these days.
So the wrist muscles—
The wrist muscles are nice and tight.
Oh, I guess so.
That makes sense.
It helps.
Yeah, we love typing.
That's our favorite thing to do here.
We just type all day.
We don't even have the paper in the typewriters.
We don't have the keyboards plugged up.
We just love hearing the sounds, really.
That's why we hired Scalpot.
Yeah, we just do the show so we can go back and listen to the sounds of our own voices.
But remember, there was that one time, Dr. Fox,
where that guy accidentally got drunk and accidentally subscribed to our show.
That happened to me!
Yeah!
That same time, that happened to me.
One and one.
I guess we figured that one out.
But hey, look, that counts as a download.
And you know what?
If we're good for a few of those a year, then you know what?
That's an audience.
And so it isn't always just us listening to the show.
As long as the audience will be imbibed,
there will always be an audience.
Wow.
I feel better already, Fit.
What they need to know is how convenient we make it for them to not listen to us.
The time for the show is so bad that you can just download it and then immediately delete it
and eliminate the middleman of actually having to consume the void of content that is time for the show.
That's the way.
That's the way I usually do it.
I download every show faithfully.
And then I go, I don't have time for this.
I just erase it.
But at least I downloaded it.
You know, you've got that little checkmark on your downloads numbers.
So, you know, it helps you get up to like three or four or five.
I know how it is.
Same with ours.
We can just subscribe to the show.
That would be enough, right?
If I get one down, I'm going to have to do it again.
If I download, I feel like, well, OK, that justifies all the days and hours.
It's like free advertising.
Somebody downloaded it.
Maybe they'll buy a subgenius membership.
Wouldn't that be interesting?
Or they could send money to Hypercube.
Yeah, we've only been charging them $45 for subgenius memberships.
Plus, you know, let's get delusional.
Dr. Fox.
Well, we got our P.O. box.
We're moving in.
You know, we're going to show you what for.
It's not just one guy that can, you know, print off some Xeroxes and package it up and send it out to people.
You know, it's not just, you know, one guy doesn't have to do like a radio show every week.
And, you know, he's this guy, this guy right here.
He's done over 10,000 episodes of the Hour of Slack.
And he's never.
Ever played the same clip twice.
Oh, well, you're doing better than me then.
The guy that does the Hour of Slack is doing a lot better than Stang.
You know, see, the Lonesome Cowboy Dave show is my favorite podcast.
Yeah.
Well, tonight we are giving Dr. Stang the Lonesome Cowboy Dave treatment because he is finally getting a taste of his own medicine.
And he's the one on the phone who can't hear the music beds or any of the funny sound effects that we're playing.
Here, here's one now.
Oh, thank God.
Oh, thank God.
Praise Bob.
I just sent Dr. Fox a photo of me today.
Yeah, that was that.
So every time Reverend Stang sends a photo, we get a free sound effect.
This is good radio.
I'm wearing the uniform.
That's right.
We're going to inscribe that.
We're working on armbands next.
Yeah, I sent Dr. Fox a photo of me wearing the Dr. Fox T-shirt from a couple of years ago at X-Day.
Now, is that the one that was pulled off the corpse of Bob?
Because I remember Bob was wearing a shirt for a little while.
The main reason I wore that shirt today was to piss off.
To piss off peas.
Well, you know, I think you should try to piss off peas every day.
Well, I know for a fact peas is listening, so I'm sure he'll be glad to hear that.
Yeah, he's mad.
It doesn't matter whether we like peas or dislike peas.
The important thing is that we talk about peas.
That's all he cares about.
That's true.
I understand.
100%.
He has a lot in common with our president.
That he's a handsome boy?
Very handsome.
He's a very handsome boy.
They've got the same haircut.
No, he's just really, really eager to name mentioned in any context.
It doesn't matter negative or positive.
There's no such thing as no PR to quote.
J.R. Bob Dobbs himself.
Any PR.
It's PR.
There you go.
It's free.
You got that much closer.
Immortality and a million bucks.
Peas is a lot like Trump, except for Trump's funnier.
Yeah, and without trying nearly as hard either.
Right.
That's the problem.
You know, we're.
But he's a genius president.
He is the subgenius who would be president.
You should be happy for him.
He's having a great time.
Come on.
Good for him.
Well, the way Paul Mavridis put it, he is the subgenius president, but not in the good way.
From PR News in Washington, I'm exhausted, frustrated and anxious to get PR's reports first.
It's been seven days.
I'm.
Researchers say that I'm getting worse.
Since long before South Carolina spun off from Virginia earlier today.
Researchers say.
In English.
Long term.
Percent.
Four point six five up to four point one one percent.
A new study suggests that this PR news is getting worse.
Quote.
PR News.
There's something pretty insidious going on.
Thanks.
Thanks to Lemur for PR News and our opening titles.
Thanks to puzzling evidence.
Time for the show.
Dr. Drummond.
Sandy Boone.
And thanks to Bob.
Yes.
Thanks to Bob.
You can find links to everything at subgenius.com.
So.
Parays.
Bob.
