The poltergeist is working tonight because one of these tape decks won't turn off.
Get your finger out of the hole there, Dr. Stang. You're liable to hurt yourself.
There you go.
Well, let's turn on the dampers and see if we can get the nuclear power plant started here, Doctor.
I'm anxious to take off.
Would you get all those guys out of the other side there, please?
What'd you do, Doctor?
Central control processing on.
There, central control is on, Doctor.
Good, good. Okay, you want to close the watertight doors here?
Yeah, oh, watch out for that squid, man. There's a prairie squid right by the door.
Speaking of which...
And inject some of those collar soles, would you, into the retribution chamber?
Primary and secondary circuit tests commencing now.
Well, we really...
Swine 2 has a prayer request. Is that so, a friend?
Well, tell them to pray.
That's right, they're just gonna have to pray.
We're gonna have to pray.
The Pensions are old program and this baby is really gone.
The functioning of our senses has been spiritually impaired and chemically corrupted by the fake artificial food coloring.
We're the lucky ones, the handful with the chance to reach another world.
And we'll use those guns, you'll use them, Doctor, to keep your only chance to stay alive.
Somebody tell me, who is this guy?
Jim Hartt Bob, Doctor.
Jim Hartt Bob, Doctor.
J-Hot Bob Job
J-Hot Bob Job
J-Hot Bob Job
J-Hot Bob Job
J-Hot Bob Job
Come on, baby, let me tell you about a place
That ain't far from the U.S. and out of state
Come on, baby, let me tell you about a place
That ain't far from the U.S. and out of state
That good chicken there
Salt fried chicken
A musician, if you consider the normal pattern of modern civilized life,
is on the outside of it all.
He doesn't build things,
he doesn't work regular hours like a decent God-fearing citizen,
and the life he leads in many ways seems useless and irrelevant
to those of us who prefer a quiet evening in front of the television
and a bottle of beer.
Amazing!
As it might seem to some of us,
musicians have basic physical needs,
just like real people.
If I could just get my hands on a big, fat, juicy prairie squid...
Ah, yeah!
Prairie squid, prairie squid, prairie squid, prairie squid, prairie squid, prairie squid...
Well, we're gonna...
Probably...
Half of our audience doesn't even know...
What is that?
Half of our audience has probably never seen...
What?
Well, it's...
You left the airlock open.
Yeah, that's...
That's what that is.
Oh, kill the airlock.
Yeah, well...
Okay.
Okay.
Friends, let me tell you something.
First off...
Let's get serious about this, Doctor.
First of all...
Cassette deck 2...
Is not working.
And the ports on the starboard side are completely...
That's okay, yeah.
We're losing air fast, and we're gonna have to...
We're gonna have to try to keep up...

Well, I'll open up this big blue cylinder of church air over here, Doctor.
Ah, yes, have a...
Now I feel considerably better.
Ah, yes.
I'm having this church air.
Oh, yes.
Praise God, I feel that church air now.
Do you feel it?
Friends, can you feel it out there in the radio audience?
I bet you can.
I bet you can.
If you can't, reach out and feel it, friends.
And if you can't reach down and feel it,
then you're gonna have...
And then you probably don't even know what a prairie squid is.
You probably don't even care what one tastes like.
When you were...
Now, I know about half our audience, Doctor Gordon,
probably remember when they were teenage boys and girls
out in, you know, West Texas or wherever they're from,
going out in the fields and taking off their clothes
and spreading some prairie squid bait all over, you know.
Yes, yeah.
What did you used to use?
I used jelly.
Yeah, I found...
Honey.
Whatever I could steal from my folks.
Peanut butter with bananas in it worked real well.
Yeah.
Yeah, I found that...
And those...
Excuse me, I'm still...
Those...
Decompressing from all that traveling, Doctor.
Squid, would they be...
Well, of course, you know...
They'd be crawling out of the woodwork.
Yes, indeed.
Out of the brush.
Out of the weed, so to speak.
You just lay there and wait for them.
And there you were.
And be quiet, because you'd scare them away.
They're very...
And, you know, it's just...
Just to give you an example, it's just like...
Do you remember back when...
When you were a kid, there were all those thousands of those little cute horny toads around?
And why do you think they called them horny toads, friends?
Yeah, because they...
They counter-exist.
You know, they're part of a symbiotic relationship with that favorite outdoor mollusk of ours.
Yes, and dare we say the name again?
The mighty prairie squid.

Oh, yes.
And, of course, as you know, Doctor Stang, I have just come back from a fact-finding tour through the Amazonas regions of Brazil.
Yes, friends, just to fill you in exactly on what's going on here, we have as our special guest tonight, Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
Yes, indeed.
The erstwhile head of the Green Hill-Dobstown encampment, and now commandant of Dobstown II just outside Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Yes, friends, right on the coast where the surf is high, and so is everybody else, usually.
And, friends, you know...
And this, what you're listening to, dear friends, is the hour of slack on NOAA 89.9 in Dallas, Texas.
Now that the uranium has warmed up, the airlock leak has been stopped, I think it's about time we launched this show, Doctor.
I can feel the mighty thrust of that show lifting us up higher and higher.
The thrust, yeah.
As Dr. Mothersball's beautiful hymn, the Bobcata...
...of plays in the background, and maybe if I hit this tape deck...
Hit it hard, here.
Wait a minute, let me shoot it for you, Doctor.
Hold on.
Please do.
Huh!
Peace!
It oozes like a farm-fresh prairie squid on a hot, slick platter.
If you buy one, you get one free.
Big money, fast luck.
All yours for only a buck.
It's so cute and cuddly, it can smash a cow's skull with a single swipe.
But, friends, this is...
We're going to focus on an endangered species that probably...
You know, half of you who weren't raised in the South probably don't even know what a prairie squid is.
And we might as...
Maybe we ought to identify it, you know, just so people will know.
Who don't know what a prairie squid is, Doctor.
Perhaps we ought to at first sort of, as best we can, define our terms and say that a prairie squid is really...
It's sort of a physical metaphor for a lot of things.
And it's probably exactly what you think we're talking about.
It's not a metaphor.
It's an endangered species.
It's an endangered species.
Yes, I know.
But it used to live on prairies.
And the fact that most of these callers don't even know what a prairie squid is.
Well, they don't even know what a prairie is.
It's all been covered up with Los Colinas and all that kind of stuff, right?
Yeah.
Well, yeah, but at the same time, it is a metaphor for existence, Doug.
The very struggle of...
Who's Doug?
Of the prairie squid.
Doug, the guy over there.
The struggle of the poor prairie...
Now, friends, you know, you do see prairie squids nowadays.
You go to the supermarket and buy a dead, cellophane-wrapped...
Plucked.
Shaved prairie squid.
Yeah.
I mean, they...
It's shocking.
It's shocking.
To us, to us old-timers, I mean, most of you, you...
That's the only way you're ever going to see it.
They've never seen them alive.
I know.
A lot of people don't even know that they are actually a wild animal.
And, friends, that's such a waste because, frankly, what the prairie squid is best used for is...
The sexual act.
Sexual congress.
And I'm...
You know, I know this may...
We don't want to offend any radio...
But it's a well-known fact, Dr. Staines.
Yeah, I mean, you can look in the encyclopedia under prairie squid.
Under squid sub prairie.
Or subgenius.
Yes.
And it'll say, subgenius C prairie squid.
Exactly.
And, you know, yes, it is.
That's its best use.
And some people might find that offensive.
But they're the people that don't like to think about...
Yeah.
Things like that because sometimes they're not sure how to do things like that.
Or they're afraid that somebody will laugh at them if they said that they did something like that.
That they had them a prairie squid or two.
Oh, most of them think the prairie squid is a myth.
Oh, yeah.
They get real embarrassed if you talk about a prairie squid in polite society.
The polished ears of the rationalists.
Oh, yes.
The modernist, the so-called...
The politically correct ears of the various groups.
Humanistic.
Yes.
You know, if they were humanists, if they were really concerned about humanity, they'd free the prairie squid prisoners.
And they'd quit killing prairie squids and making purses and shoes out of them.
Well, I mean, it's worse than killing whales for dog food, Reverend Stang.
I mean, if you think about it, I mean, at least you're benefiting some canines who would otherwise not have anything else to eat.
But the very idea of killing and tanning prairie squid and turning them into purses.
And basketball shoes.
It's repellent.
It's repellent to anyone who's really lived with nature.
Anyone who is really a nature-oriented person who's concerned about the environment would, despite the stigma, despite the embarrassment...
They would be proud, Doctor.
They would be proud.
They would be proud.
Nay, they would find it their Bob-born duty.
Duty, my dude.
Duty, yes.
To seek out that prairie squid and protect them.
And nurture.
I mean...
And nurture.
And nurture.

And nurture that prairie squid.
I'm great, babe.
I sing now.
I got a big fat squid in my refrigerator.
Ooh.
Ooh.
I got a big fat squid in my refrigerator.
Ooh.
Ooh.
I found him in the frozen food.
I got him five new pairs of shoes.
And now he lives in the refrigerator.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Ooh.
I bought him for 99.
Cents.
A pound.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Soup.
Oh.
He costs $45.
He weighs $35.
Ooh.
Woof.
Woof.
agogist
I got a note here.
There's an anti-Bob-person on line two.
Anti-Bob.
Bob. They all want to be. There's a
common psychosis, this anti-Messiah
complex.
If you get your name
in the paper as an anti-Messiah,
it's in the same size type as if
you were the Messiah.
They link you to the Messiah
by being... I mean, guys that are saying
they're anti-Bobs, they're just saying
that so they can have their name linked
with Bob. You understand?
Exactly. It's a hate
love relationship. They know they
aren't good enough to be
Bob or to even serve Bob right.
And they're mostly
anti-Squid people. You see them
at these Squid Suppression
rallies.
No right to Squid.
Burning records.
Burning records trying to stamp out
Prairie Squid. And those
are the same kind of intolerant people who
the only way they can react to something
is to kill them.
If they don't understand it, they kill it.
They kill it.
They kill it.
They eat it. They make socks or shoes
or something like that out of it.
There's people out there that would kill a Playboy magazine
if they saw it crawling around through the
bushes like a Prairie Squid.
Especially if they thought it would hurt.
And since they're good for the same things...
Well, except that of course a Playboy magazine
is by no means a Prairie Squid,
Dr. Stang. I'm sure that
you and I know that perhaps
a Playboy magazine might be employed
with a Prairie Squid, but
certainly no such thing.
I've never needed anything besides
just the squid.
The squid itself is all that one really needs.
A Prairie Squid, it's like
a snail without a shell.
A really large, about a foot long.
They've got a light...
They're differing variations
of color of hair and how much
hair, how curly it is.
And where it's distributed and
whether they're an elongated squid
or a small, squamous, flattened out
squid.
And just as a snail
is like one just... It's a pseudopod.
It's a big foot.
A Prairie Squid, friends, is a huge
erogenous zone. That's all it is.
A mobile erogenous zone.
And we're not talking about one of them
camper conversion kits either.
That's right. And this is not... This isn't some
chauvinistic thing, because I know a lot of
country girls out there know what we're talking about.
Because a Prairie Squid... Well, it interfaces
both ways, right, Doctor? I mean, that's...
Without expensive interfaces,
you can plug right into these amazing
new pets. I mean, you don't need attachments or rubber washers
or anything like that with a...
It just one serves the entire family.
Back in the old pioneer days,
when they first came across this prairie
from little towns up the northeast
and the northwest... It was a family thing.
Yeah, sure. You had the little Prairie Squid cage right there
on the back of the covered wagon.
Everybody had them. I mean,
you nurtured them. And now,
they're almost extinct. Now, you could
cruise Turtle Creek
from one end to the other
and never find...
never find an ambulating Prairie Squid.
About five years ago,
I saw the first wild
Prairie Squid I'd seen since my childhood
running around near
Glen Rose, Texas, near the power plant.
So, well, who knows? Maybe they'll be
real big, glowing Prairie Squids
in a few years. Yeah, that's true. Maybe they'll be mutated
Prairie Squids, you know? I mean, other things
are changing fast, and people's
social habits are changing, and
perhaps one day, Doctor, perhaps one day
the squid will... In Bob's time.
The squid, if Dobbs is willing, will return
in all of its glory. After Bob comes again.
And the squid will.
Yes, man.
After Bob comes the squid.
Giant eel.
It's very nice
dancing around in my mouth.
One way or another, she's gonna get you, Doc.
Giant eel.
The squid, the live ones, their
livers are quite small.
And the squids were very
small. It makes them difficult
to handle, you know? Uh-huh, I see.
I was scrambling like crazy.
Oh, so nice.
Oh, so nice.
And it wobbles in my mouth.
Oh, so nice.
If I had a nice
cold beer... I thought it was
going to be really greasy.
This is sooo goood.
Wow.
It's really good.
It's like jelly.
This is wonderful.
Yaaaaaah.
Look at the fat.
Lobster brains.
And it wobbles in my mouth.
Oh!
And all kinds of different streaks.
This is wonderful.
Look at the fat.
Lobster brains.
Oh, so nice!
Ah!
Wabba, wabba, wabba!
Oh!
F shells!
Oh, so nice.
Oh, so nice.
What is that?
He doesn't know what he's doing.
And it wobbles in my mouth.
And it wobbles in my mouth.
And it wobbles.
I thought it was going to be really greasy.
Not greasy, but bulbous.
And bulbous also tapered.
Friends, Thelonious Squid was the name of that piece there by Champion Jack Codini.
Posted to alt.binaries.slack earlier, we heard Big Fat Squid by, I think, Space Ghost.
And a short piece by Likewise.
Art Linkletter cut up by Ray Brunel.
Some ESO.
And mostly, of course, dear friends, this show, number 772, has reverted to hour of slack number 40.
The Squid.
In with Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.
Oh, that reminds me.
I almost forgot.
Susie the Flusie Squid.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I wonder if we ought to.
Now, if we put the squid out today, he's going to be pretty used by tomorrow.
And I don't want to have to throw him out before tomorrow.
Because I think we may unveil the squid on Saturday morning.
Because the squid is, you know, it's not going to live forever.
Yeah, I've got to figure out what to wear.
I prefer the Mountain Squid.
Well, this is a Mississippi Delta Squid, which is not the...
They actually smell funny.
Unlike a Mountain Squid or a straight prairie squid.
Well, the smell is an aphrodisiac all in itself.
Well, for some people.
No, the smell of a good rotting squid inflames your pheromones all the way down.
It would twist up your DNA heel.
It's like an old mangled twist tie if you're not careful.
But the trip's an E-ticket.
Yeah.
So, which night should I get naked, Doug?
Huh?
Which night should I get naked?
Saturday.
Saturday.
Saturday night.
Okay, so I don't get...
Saturday night we're going to...
I don't get the squid on my bustier.
We're going to rape Bob.
Jesus is going to nail him to the cross.
We're going to...
Nothing will happen to me.
You're a hypocrite.
You self-righteous hypocrite.
I am a self-righteous hypocrite.
I am Hadron of Hastor.
My father is Hadurter.
Well, I'm not a self-defiling hypocrite.
I'm a surfer.
I'm a surfer.
I'm a surfer.
You know, that's what I am.
But I don't want to get into that.
Let's go to...
Only three more minutes.
I'm sorry that that neurotic woman got on the air,
but you know what happens sometimes.
They get past our...
By all means, let's...
We're sorry.
We're sorry.
I just can't believe someone would call in
and have the nerve to say things like that
about Prairie Squid.
I know.
Not only that,
but they call somebody else's show
using our airtime.
Using...
And our area code, for that matter.
That show that dare not speak its name
in Berkeley, out in California.
Oh, they're hitting...
They're so hip out there in California.
Oh, yeah, but they...
They're so hip, they've got...
Oh, they've got their crack, so to speak.
Yes, yes.
Their drugs and their wild sex.
Oh.
But have you ever heard a person
from one of these hot tubbers
talking about a Prairie Squid, friends?
No, you never have.
Never.
They haven't heard about those...
They don't even...
They've never heard of it.
Those organic boys with their avocado dips
and everything.
They're shitty folks.
Yeah, they don't know about Prairie Squid.
Oh, they know everything.
They know everything.
But they don't know about...
They don't know that.
And if you told them,
if you tried to tell them about it,
they'd think, oh, how quaint.
He's talking with his southern accent.
How folksy.
How folksy that...
Yes.
Oh, he must be...
He must be near to the earth or something.
Yes.
Yes, yes.
But I'm an artist.
I don't have to lower myself to those...
to those demeaning...
I'm involved with such incredibly...
I'm a businessman.

I'm a...
Cerebral machinations over the...
I'm politically minded.
I don't have to...
Over the politically correct aspect of my art
and how it applies to Prairie Squid...
I'm not obsessed with...
That I don't really have to...
to think about the humorous side of these things.
If there is a humorous side,
because I'm serious.
I'm from California.
I don't have to do veiled juvenile humor
guising as some sort of...
of highfalutin environmental concern citizen satire.
Yes.
I'm not that kind of person.
Oh, no, no, no.
Of course not.
That's what they'll tell you every time.
Yeah, that's the line they'll spring on you.
The sophisticated line.
The conspiracy is...
Their bourgeois line.
The conspiracy is insidious, friends.
Incredibly insidious.
They make you want what they have.
And make you feel stupid because you haven't got it.
Yeah, and they make you think it's better than what you already have.
That way, once they get your attention directed at what they have,
they can get your slack.
Your slack, friends.
That's right.
And you're a Prairie Squid, too.
And as long as you're the kind of person that can still...
You know, if you can find one,
you can go out in the woods and have a short relationship,
with one of these harmless animals.
Or a long relationship.
I mean, you know, like...
There's no limited time.
The tantric sex magicians in India
and the ancient cultures of the Earth have known of...
I mean, these creatures are not just common to the continental U.S.
That's right.
And Reverend Stang, I don't know if you know it or not,
but in Tibet, they breed in the temples a special variety.
Oh, the fattened special prairie...
The special prairie squid.
The soft squid, they call it.
Yeah, it's the one that the Dalai Lama has.

Uh-huh.
And they still breed them there.
And they have to ship them out to India, where the Dalai Lama is now.
You know, the Chinese let them because...
They're better fed than almost anyone in Tibet.
They're better fed than most of Tibet put together.
And friends, when you become a member of the Church of the Subgenius,
you become eligible.
Yes, eligible friends.
We'll give you your very own prairie squid direction and survival package.
And give yourself to the feeling, friends.
Orgasmantra by Ziza.
Remember to write for information.
We don't want you to send money.
We want you to send your whole wallet.
That's right.
You can take the money out.
Just send us the rest, especially those little pictures that you keep in the secret compartment
that you don't show anybody.
We'll take the credit cards and things, too.
Well, we'll take those.
But those little pictures that no one else knows about,
that's what...
The Bob already knows about those.
And we can judge just how highly to rank you in the great hierarchy of this church.
And Bob collects them, too, we might add.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.










The better ones, the better the pictures that come out of that little tiny secret embarrassing
compartment in your wallet, the higher up the rungs you move.
Yes, friends.
And we also found that one person who sent his wallet in had a picture of a prairie squid
in it and didn't even know what it was.
He thought it was some curious little life form or a blowup of a bacteria or something.
And he'd been carrying it around for years because he felt it gave him good luck.
And it did.
It did.
It gave him incredible good luck because it brought him to Bob.
And you see that just a picture of a little thing like a prairie squid can set you on the right path.
It'll put you right.
The path to Dobbs and salvation.
Praise Bob.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.

Bob loves you.


Bob loves you, Bob.
Bob loves you, Bob.
And, you know, if you could just let go of those hangups that have kept you tied down, friends, you could...
Shackled by your own insecurities, as they might say, Reverend Stang.
Your ignorance.
Your pathetic ignorance.
Your pathetic pink ignorance is what it is.
Your ignorance of the subgenius P.O. box number, which we were about to forget to give.
Oh, can we do that?
You bet we can.
We have to.
Oh, well, in that case...
Bob said we had to party.
Yes, well, that box number...
Friends, why are you sitting there listening to this radio show?
Why aren't you out partying?
Why aren't...
Bob said to party.
Party.
Party.
Bob said you had to party.
You had to party.
You better party.
You didn't say you might if you felt like it.
Yes, indeed, friends.
You didn't say you might if you felt like it.
Get out there.
Where's that...
Where's that...
Where's that party gun?
We want Bob says to get out there and do it.
Bob says find the squid.
Now, if you look at the head, it has a lump on it.
And it almost looks prehistoric, doesn't it?
Right.
That's a good description.
A good way of putting it.
Ooh, squid rings here.
Yeah.
And 30 minutes gone, 30 to go.
The squid battle enters the second half.
From here on out, no wiggle room.
Go.
10.


And a man must remind you...
And you must underline the



Just think about that if you could.
Bob said no.



Bob said The game of science withenga is a war that is veryα
never ,
or chance.
We don't only sing, but we dance just as good as we want.
You aren't perfect yourself, and most people usually end up with pretty much what they deserve.
And you deserve that music by champion Jack Codini.
I know I did. I wanted it.
And I know what I don't want, friends.
I don't want the conspiracy and the squid haters
to make these Christians into a political force.
They don't want us involved.
Let's tell them we're not listening to them anymore.
We're going to be involved.
It isn't going to take Ronald Reagan three years to learn about the godless, aggressive nature of communism.
Over the last two or three decades,
the federal government seems to have forgotten both that old-time religion and that old-time constitution.
It's been 1984 since 1953, friends.
That's right.
That was probably the last time your parents told you about the Perry Squid.
But after that, you know, there was a law.
Yeah.
You weren't even allowed to talk about it until J. Edgar Hoover passed on.
There's a law, friends, on the books that says this.
No subgenius can do anything it wants.
Now, is this a free country?
Yeah.
That's when they say.
What kind of repressive.
I mean, they talk, oh, America, home of the free.
Land of the brave.
Are they brave enough to go out there?
Are they brave enough to talk about it?
Are they not prairie squid?
No, no, no, no.
That's a little rough.
And that doesn't sound too good to the polished ears of the liberals and the modernists.
So they soften it down, you see.
And, of course, they would read that verse.
Let God be true in every man.
Be an untruth in a measure to a degree by chance, in my opinion, they'd say.
Yeah, let's soften that because somebody might get offended.
Yeah.
But the Bible says,
let God be true and let every man be a liar.
Where's the squid?
I was going to consummate my marriage up here.
Friends.
Oh, there's the squid.
Oh, oh, oh, praise Reverend Gordon Zola.
Oh, he brought the squid.
Friends, now.
This isn't, this is just a larval squid.
This is actually, it's been stunned.
It's still alive, but it's, we've had it in the refrigerator.
This is a, for those of you who have, you know, you're not a fan of the squid, but you're
a city kids, Yankees, no offense.
For those of you who've never known the pleasures of life out in the small towns, in the woods
and fields, the cattle ranches, concentration camps, this animal is known as a prairie squid.
You'll notice that it's got a sort of a penis-like appendage on the top and a little, almost
like a vagina here in the middle.
And, you know, it's a little bit of a penis.
And, you know, there's been many a subgenius lad and lass who's gone out into the field
when Ma and Paul were busy going to church, covered their laps with honey or molasses
or something, laid and started honking on their squid call, laid back there in the grass,
waiting for that fecund, mighty little cephalopod, that little mollusk to come crawling up and
join you in sacred matrimony.
Holy love.
With this beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful,
beautiful, beautiful, beautiful animal.
Nowadays, most people, most people, if they even know what a prairie squid is, they see
them at the supermarket, dead, shaved, wrapped up in cellophane in the freezer, freezer compartment.
But friends, Bob Dobbs himself had a vision.
He had a vision that someday, someday the skies would break open, Jehovah One would have
mercy on the human race.
And literally, prairie squid.


That prairie squid could run like it did the

I wish that the prairie squid would rain from the sky!
I'm going to hit the tone!
I need aology!
Princess, we are done.
Whoa!
Backed by Einstein's Secret Orchestra at the Euclid Tavern, Cleveland, 1998.
And now, let's go...
Someone said to Barry McGuire,
said, all you Christians, you're all the same.
You've all been brainwashed.
And Barry thought for a moment, he said, yes, that's true.
But you sinners have been brainwashed also.
The only difference between you sinners and us Christians
is that us Christians, we have chosen to wash our brains.
Well, that seems to be value received for value given, if you ask me, Doc.
But friends, when you write to P.O. Box...
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44.
118 www.subgenius.com
You can get information, and you don't have to send money.
You'll get lots of printed information.
It'll tell you where to write.
The good sex for mutants in Salt Lake City.
We'll send you the little maps of the known existing prairie squid wildlife refuges in your area,
if there are any, if you're fortunate enough to live in a part of the country where there are,
there's still a few of these precious creatures left.
Where they're still legal.
Yeah.
Well, they're not really.
Oh, Dr. Dool, you just got back from the mutant beauty contest at the good sex for mutants.
Yeah, I was one of the judges at the good sex for mutants dating league first annual beauty contest
in Salt Lake City just ten days ago, Reverend Stang.
Those lovely, how were those lovely and disgusting subgenius mutants?
They were some of the most beautifully disgusting mutated sickly creatures
that I've ever seen.



Beautiful mutants.
And there was actually a close runner up.
She was voted Miss.
Well, we think she was voted Miss Congeniality was actually a mutated variation of prairie squid.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And it was the biggest, the biggest prairie squid that I have ever seen.
I say it was about a hundred and ten pound prairie squid.
And it will just play this side of the tape out.
And have that as the male side.
And you can run it out and we'll then go over to the other side and talk about the female
structure and function.
Jimmy the squid, hugely late.
Came home to see his mate.
Caught her in bed with another squid.
He saw red, he flipped his lid.
He took a swim to blow out steam.
Off to Philadelphia a year later was seen as the next waltzing

To

different.
Did the spider sponge get away some?
I guess


Catherine,
So
There is now increasing evidence that the connective tissue surrounding the individual muscle cells,
as well as the tissue linking the cells, also plays a role.
And I think that about sums up how the prairie squid actually moves, Doctor.
And friends, somewhere at the edge of your mind is a sort of a tiny cluster of memories
that date back to human prehistory, to a time when every man, or in those days, they weren't men at all.
They were yetis.
Yes.
And the women, even the women were yetis too.
And in those days, friend, the prairie squid didn't have to live among horny toads to stay stimulated.
It was able to, let us say, converse physically with the yetis.
At any time.
At any time that they wished.
You know, the yetis, friends, your ancestors, those of you who are true subgeniuses.
Except for that one variety of self-stimulating prairie squid, Doctor,
which, as you know, became extinct in the late devouring period, I think it was.
Yeah, well, that was, there was, yeah, but that was long after the yetis were extinct themselves,
and that's probably what killed them off.
Now, I'm holding in my hand here a book titled Things You Never Knew Existed.
A very forthright comparison.
An ependium, friends, one might say.
And right here on page 44, there it is.
Squid, comma, prairie.
And there is an entire summation.
Now, you can get this information on this prairie squid by merely writing to the Church of the Subgenius.
That's right, friend.
And if Reverend Stang would be so kind as to give them that sacred box number really quick one more time,
and I believe we'll, uh, we might get a guest telephone caller.
Because the lights are still on.
Well, no, it looks like he's drifted off again, Doctor.
Oh, we'll, we'll get one. We'll get one.
Friends, that address to write to for more information about J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the only, only individual who could save your soul and then give it back to you again.
That address for Bob is Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box.
1-8-1-4-1-7 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44.
118 www.subgenius.com
And, uh, oh, friends, you don't know what, you don't know what, what could be coming your way in the mail
once you sign up with this amazing church with your free information.
Uh, you can find out the inside story, um, not, not just things like prairie squid.
You can find out why you've been losing at the races and how to start winning again.
You can...
How come you didn't get that?
That big raise at your conspiracy job that you're nailed to.
How come that special date with her didn't work out?
And remember that first time you found you couldn't do it for the second time?
Yes, friends, that's the only, almost as scary as the second time you find that you can't do it for the first time.
It's scary, friends. It's a scary, scary world out there.
People wait to see what you can do.
You won't have these problems if you just let Bob...
Solve them for you. Get right with Dobbs.
Let Bob into your life, friends.
Let Bob into your heart. You need Bob. You have to have Bob.
You have to have him.
You better have him.
You know you want him.
Because I'll tell you, friends, when those...
You have to have it.
Because when those end times come down, if you're not right with Bob, you're gonna fry.
And you'll probably deserve it.
You will deserve it.
You'll wish you could die, friends. You'll wish you could die.
But Bobby...
But it'll be worse.
Oh, Bobby, he won't let you.
You'll be going, Bob, kill me. Give me a car.
Please, Bob. You didn't tell me the end times was gonna be worse than a Sidney Sheldon miniseries on TV.
Friends, we're gonna take that collar right now.
Where are we gonna take it to?
...continues to be shaken under these conditions.
Squit.
It's squid.
It's been a long time since we were trapped by the tiny collars.
That's a squid ick for the uninitiated.
Yes, this is a show that continues to be trapped by the tiny collars.
An icky squid.
And we are forced to listen to you.
...at the academy.
That's right, an icky squid is one that's actually ick-
And if you were just to call it...
...the ick-theus.
What is an ick-theology?
What if you're awake?
It won't make any sense.
It's a giant ick-theosaur.
No, you're asleep right now.
This is the ugly show.
Is that a squid?
Or is that an ick-theosaurus on your breath?
...on your breath.
...and even people in the building refuse to listen to him.
Well, let's hear what that other collar has to say.
Okay.
Oh, he's calling another collar. Let's see what he has to say.
He's calling another collar. It's a chain reaction.
...or call callers and find out what they have to say.
The last person who broke the chain, something terrible happened.
So don't do it.
...your adjustment...
Do what it says and call the next collar.
...relevations of this...
Squid Jiggin' Ground.
The man with the whisker is old Jacob Steele.
He's getting well up, but he's still pretty sound.
While Uncle Bob Hawkins wears six pair of stockings
whenever he's out on the Squid Jiggin' Ground.
Holy smoke, what a scuffle, all the hands are excited.
It's a wonder to me that there's nobody drowned.
There's a bustle, confusion, a wonderful hustle.
They're all jiggin' squid on Squid Jiggin' Ground.
Says Bobby, the squids are on top of the water.
I just got meat jiggers, about one-five and down.
But a squid in the boat squirted right down.
It's the road down here.
He's swearing like mad on the Squid Jiggin' Ground.
There's poor Uncle Billy, his whiskers are spattered
with spots of the squid juice that's flying around.
One poor little boy got it right in the eye,
but they don't give a darn on the Squid Jiggin' Ground.
Now if ever you feel inclined to go squid
then leave your white collars behind in the town.
And if you get cranky without your silk hanky,
you'd better steer clear on the Squid Jiggin' Ground.
Music
He be fishing out of some cribs, I tell ya, Bob.
Yeah, lookin' for some prairie squid.
Yeah, he be a squid fisherman.
Well, they do have prairie squid in Tennessee
because there is sufficient prairie there,
or at least open prairie.
Well, they have those gulch squids, they call them.
Yeah, and they got some of that delta squid
down around New Orleans, but I don't know about that delta squid.
It kind of tastes muddy.
That's my favorite kind, boy.
You like that, and with red beans and rice, no doubt.
Yeah, after you use them, I'll only eat them after they've been used.
Well, they aren't even good.
That's right, they're tough.
You gotta soften them up a bit.
You gotta tenderize them a little, as the doctor would say.
Ah, yes, ah, yes.
You drink a little whatever clear, and eat as much pan chili as you can.
Exactly.
To make the compost.
Yeah, well, the idea is to find that cosmic termite queen.
You gotta get on that termite queen,
and as it spews out them little termite, you know...
Those little babes with the high-heeled shoes.
The little termite go-go girls, you know.
Those are gonna propel you through space.
So compost's no good unless you got the termite stuff.
You don't need the compost.
One corn, one dollar.
Yeah, one good loaded-up termite queen will get you there.
That might explain it right there.
And back.
Yeah.
Now, now, wait a minute.
I mean, you know, we, have we forgotten the prairie squid?
If we drifted so far from our roots, from primordial America,
that we no longer remember the prairie squid?
We're talking about termite queens pulsating their giant eggs?
Prairie squid is no age, Reverend Stang.
Come on, get with the pumpkin.
So 80s.
Prairie squid, get on the pumpkin.
Zero biological...
Ride the pumpkin.
...fixated on that...
What is a prairie squid?
Ride the bug.
You gotta get on that bug queen.
...a prairie squid and stretch it around the pumpkin?
Woo-hoo!
Well, hey, well, you West Coast people are into that kind of stuff.
That's a little bit, that's a little bit advanced for us Midwesterners.
One, a two, a one, two, three, four.
80s, prairie squids falling from the sky.
80s, prairie squids, man, they get me so high.
80s, prairie squids, now they're falling, oh no.
80s, prairie squids, come on, let's go.
We were driving down the road.
Something started to snow.
Well, it looked like nothing unknown that we had ever seen before.
In the flow, 83s squids falling from the sky.
83d squids.
83d squids.

83d squids.
83d squids.
Even falling, oh no.
83d squids.
I got them head to toe.
I'm afraid this child's covered with 83d squids, Doctor.
You're looking at a trap.











Them wiggly squids.
We pulled off to the side.
We just knew they wanted to ride.
The sweetest squid you'll ever know.
Blow you right through the door.
83D squids falling from the sky.
83D squids, now they're getting so high.
83D squids, now they're falling, oh no.
83D squids, here comes a tentacle.
No, no, it's two, three.
Watch out, there's three or four squids over there.
My God, one of them is a great squid.
It's okay, embrace the tentacle, boys, embrace the tentacle.
Embrace the tentacle.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, embrace the squid.
Come on, officers, on your knees.
Oh, it's starting to feel good.
I always embrace the squid back at the sailing house.
I said, if you're ever out in your ride,
don't think you have to hide.
I want you to see some hairy pink, pink snow
coming down, oh no,
coming down from the sky.
Just pull on over, let them come inside.
The falling prairie squid is the best, best kind.
And you sub-dini's enjoy the ride.
And then 83D squids, they're falling from the sky.
83D squids, be so kind.
83D squids, they're coming, oh no.
83D squids, now that's slack galore.
83D squids, get beside.
83D squids, they're falling from the sky.
83D squids, come on.
83D squids.
I can't believe it, man.
I can't believe we got this far.
You believe we got this far?
Yeah.
Don't congratulate yourself yet.
We still have these squids to deal with.
Oh no.
They're pretty damned potent, aren't they?
Oh no.
83D squids.
83D squids.
Falling from the sky.
83D squids.
Come on, let's see.
Oh, God, they make you so high.
83D squids.
They're falling, oh, no.
83D squids.
Come on, let's go.
83D squids.
83D squids.
83D squids.
83D squids.
83D squids.
I feel so good.
83D squids.
83D squids.
. . .
. . Roskitt is happily tired.
A3D Squid
A3D Squid
Friends, a studio version from Einstein's Secret Orchestra Swamp Radio
with Princess We Are Doe, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and Chaz Smith, and Bleepo.
Stay tuned, friends, for a rare type of the short-lived Sister Chris of WFMU of old,
no matter what you think of our love.
Look, in fact, I mean, I don't care how repugnant the idea of prairie squid,
physical love with a land...
...mollusk is.
Maybe repugnant to some of these more polished ears of these San Francisco liberals.
We're gonna nail these guys, let me tell you.
I think so. We got enough lawyers, we got enough money, we got time, we got press releases, I think.
That's right, we have the sponsors. The listeners are gonna sponsor this.
We got it, so...
Well, the survey tested 25 suggested words and phrases,
all of them...
...than the famous, quote, seven dirty words.
Uh, terms receiving the highest unfavorable reaction were prairie squid, slack...
...and absolutely no potential.
I don't think it's funny.
Hello, this is Dr. Chris, and your tour to...
...sephiladically speaking, where I will, uh...
...try to educate the public on everything you've always wanted to know about prairie squids,
but were afraid to ask.
Most people today, whether they are single, married, divorced, monogamous, gregarious,
or even downright slutty, are unaware of the importance of the nearly instinct prairie squid.
This widespread ignorance is the cause of much dissatisfaction with regards to our slippery habits.
So...
...for first, you should know that the prairie squid is an intelligent, albeit wild, crazy, and unpredictable mollusk,
possessed of a long, tubular body, two cardle fins, many suckers on its myriad tentacles, and highly developed eyes.
Or should I say eye?
When the prairie squid is excited, such as in the instance of being engaged in the act of social intercourse,
they emit a copious amount of black ink.
It is this ink that is used in, uh...
...to enhance the sensations, uh...
...inheriting what the teenagers of today anachronistically call...
...squidding.
It is sad to note that our friend, the prairie squid, is no longer an integral part of our modern relationships.
They have been shunned by the puritanical segment of society, and have been herded into these so-called prairie squid reservations.
It is only...
...it is only...

...the prairie squid's...
...preservation that the prairie squid is harassed, abused, and what have you by the neo-Nazi groups who even go as so far as to lynch these creatures.
They become self-pitying, fourth-class citizen mollusks, suffering from such psychological problems as alcoholism, drug abuse, gambling, depression, and most tragically, suicide.
There is a hopeful future for the, uh, prairie squids, thanks to the efforts of the subgenius foundation.
They are establishing Save Our Prairie Squid centers all across the U.S. to combat the malicious neglect and prejudice against the prairie squid.
Food, shelter, and recreation programs utilizing purient, underground adult comic books are just the beginning for our struggle to reinstate the prairie squids to the rightful place in the master bedrooms of the world.
But this...
...this requires money, and the subgenius foundation's funds for the SOPS programs are dwindling to dangerous levels.
So please, would you find it in your heart to give to the Save Our Prairie Squid program?
For more information, write to the subgenius foundation at P.O. Box...
...181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
...and open...
...and good squiding.
Bob is my hobby...
Bob is your story, friend, and...
...Bob is your fame.
Bob is the glands that keep you feeling the way you do.
Keep your squid juices pumpin'.
Yep.
One night sell by the old digital counter on the wall, Bob.


Reverend Stang. Yes, we're coming down. We've got
three minutes left. Three minutes
of slack time, friends. And I could
play some Burblin background noise
or I could play the official sign-off
tunes and so forth. We could just talk
for another three minutes. Easily.
Easily. Easily.
We could talk for another three hours, friends. Or three days
if that's what it takes to get you to write
to that sacred post office box. You've been hearing
the learned old scholars
of the Church of the Subgenius Society
tonight. That's right.
And learned we are in the
dark knowledge and forbidden
sciences of time control
and slack extraction.
And the arcane secrets
of the prairie squid.
Friends, are you going to put up with what
the gland owners are laying
down on you? I want you to
either stand up
or shut up, baby.
Praise Bob. You've got to
hip out to it or die
trying not to.
Or just kill me.
Erik!
Erik!
Erik!
Erik!
Erik!
Erik!
Erik!
We never talked about the nocturnal squids versus the daylight squids.
You know what, you've got a whole...
You never even mentioned the vicious squids.
Some poor kid's going to go out there and find a vicious squid, one with a beak.
We didn't say anything about the beak.
Oh, God, we didn't.
Jesus, I can't believe we didn't talk about the beak.
No, I tell you, you've got to pull the beak off with a pair of pliers.
We've gotten all these calls from teenage boys out there with high voices now.
They're screaming at us in tiny, high voices.
Beware of the prairie squid beak, my son.
Those jaws that bite.
Something missing in your life?
You didn't beat that prairie squid.
Oh, dear friends.
We don't want to make you angry.
We hope that you've enjoyed this homage to our pesky...
pseudopodal friend, the prairie squid.
But we did neglect to specifically mention earlier in the show the prairie squid's beak.
Although the beak is invisible in flaccid mode, it's absolutely necessary, friends,
to pull that beak before use.
A few gentle strokes to relax the squid and a quick tug with a pair of pliers are all it takes
to render the squid.
The squid's safe for most bedroom uses.
If performed with gentleness and a little common sense, the squid won't even feel it.
Friends, we offer our condolences if this warning comes a little too late.
We have gotten calls from men with unnaturally high voices threatening lawsuits after learning
about the beak.
The once hard way.
Friends, don't try to prove your expertise with squid by roughly grabbing it and just
having your way with it.
You know, remember, squid is a human being.
Remember foreplay.
Tickle it.
Calm it down.
Don't be afraid to pull the beak.
It won't hurt the squid.
Todd kidding.


Quick!
Quick!
Quick Klary!
Quick Klary!
Quick Klary!
Quick Klary!
In the Pink Coral Lounge, that's a sandbar, Worked the former, Miss Lake Champlain.
A Beautiful Mollusk!
A Real Living Dollusk!
Her name, it was Clamity Jane.
Now, this dive was as hard as a barnacle.
Oh!
itu!
It was real barracuda terrain
Where the groupers and grunts pulled unsavory stunts
Which was tough on poor Clamity Jane
One night through the door swam a stranger
To the corner he squirted and slid
All the fish in the room grew as hushed as a tune
When they saw it was Billy the Squid
He said, Clammy, I done hurt your feelings
And I've caused you some pain, this I know
But before it's too late, I'm gonna go straight
Or as straight as a squid can go
He asked for her hand, but she had none
And to prove it she lifted her lid
Then how about a foot?
And her foot out she put
It was a squid
It's a beauty, said Billy the Squid
Then he gathered her up in his tentacles
And as into the sunset they rid
She looked at him clammily
Let's start a family
Wahoo! said Billy the Squid
And they fled with all their worries
Then he took Sis Mary, Sis Mary, and Sis Mary
And they lot bet on some chance
Are this just a game?
Counttin' that'll neverもう
Maybe Joff's father Set remarkable

Don't tell Moatchy
U EE peut there a la 콩
We get the succulent
Crunch!
