Remember, remember, remember, we're sitting together listening to this.
And this was prison.
Remember, remember, remember, remember, remember, remember, remember, remember.
You need me, and I have come.
Hi, Bob.
Hi, Bob.
Hi, Bob.
Yeah.
Bob, Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob.
Yes, sir.
I like subgenius.
No, sir.
I don't like pink boys.
Yes, sir.
I love Bob.
No, sir.
No, sir.
Sir, I do not want to stop Bob.
I want Bob in every tree.
I just want to give my feast to the thousands.
In every flower, in every bee, in every leaf, in every twig, in every cow, in every pig.
They brought out the best in Bob's fish and laid it upon the other water and fowl and little stinky things.
I want to see him in the sky.
I hope his pipe will catch my eye.
Dear Bob who floats above the ground, I long to hear the mournful sound that's made when you emerge from space
and come to the sky.
This is my dwelling place.
Dear Bob, each night while I'm asleep, I hope to my house you will creep and poke your
pipe in through the wall so I'll be burned remembering all.
Dear Bob, it's time to close my eyes.
Remember now.
It's no surprise if I should be found dead someday.
I'll think that you were in the way.
Oh, gimme Bob.
Confusing that face.
Oh, gimme Bob.
With my own.
Can't remember my place.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to
the subgenius.
Our old swag.
Bob's role on this planet is to see that the earth is not soul.
On that glorious or terrible day we call X-Day in 1998.
When the men from Planet X arrive.
Yeah.
Now it may sound ludicrous.
It may sound ridiculous to many believers out there.
It may sound impossible.
That's right.
You're saying they're all nuts, all those people?
Maybe.
Yeah, maybe.
You once were telling me about Planet X, Dr. Morbund.
Evil on Planet X is more than you could think of.
Evil stalks some people.







Every night and day they wait to see the evil they go through.
So they come down in flying saucers?
Flying saucers are bearing on us.
We don't know what to do.
We're here all alone.
The planets are fading.
The blood is running.
The lights were fading.
And they stalked us one by one.
This is the Man in Black here for the Roma Wine Company.
I'm Bob.














I'm Bob
my 잘 feast.
Goodbye.
Have a wonderful day.

What happens when that collapses?
What happens when your diary was a damn well?
What happens when your diary was a damn well?
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius church.
But until that day, the power and wisdom of Bob can help us break their mind control
by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
You don't like your life?
Straighten it out in a big hurry.
Give your money to the church, not the state.
The church!
Yes!
Give us your children!
Give us your children!
Let us raise them!
You'll have weirder kids than me!
That's hot. Very hot.
Meltdown.
Summer can come and live to be yours.
Uh, yes, dear friends, it can happen to you.
It can be yours, and it will be yours on X-Day 1998.
Only two years from now.
And, of course, dear friends, this is our, uh, X-Day show.
It's, uh, July.
By the time you hear this tape, I will probably be at the X-Day drill.
And, uh, drilling my way in deep environment.
I'll be your rival.
Famous last words.
From 1996.
Boy, there were some old voices on there.
Or young voices.
Young, uh, Pope Keckhaver was there.
Yeah, I could hear, uh, Glass Madness in there.
And, uh...
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Uh, once you hear this...
Yeah, that, that show...
Number 534 that I grabbed to cover the first five minutes here.
Since we just got back from Wisteria.
It was, uh...
20, uh, X-Days ago.
That was, uh, the first drill.
We just finished 18 X-Day.
But, really, it's the 20th time that it's turned out to be a drill.
Not the right X-Day.
Yeah.
So, uh...
But, uh, but, once again, Bob has left us with the lesson.
X-Day could happen any second, dear friend.
It could be this second.
Or this second, or this one, or this one.
Are you ready?
Will you, will you be ready?
We were certainly ready at 7 o'clock this morning.
Because I'm broadcasting on July 5th.
Out on the landing field.
Well, uh...
They played a trick on us.
Dr. Havilland...
Al, Princess Wee, and Dr. Dark.
Oh, and Philo Drummond.
Were all of us packed into the clown car.
We made our way a little bit early.
Down to the stone circle.
Which really is, looks like a perfect place for a flying saucer to land.
This circle outlined in stone.
And there were empty clothing of the subgeniuses all over the place.
Reverend Symphaltimus's yeti suit was, uh, laying there on the ground.
Susie's bimbo outfits.
As if...
And ruptured already.
And we were left behind.
But then we heard the snickering from the tree line and...
Yes, we saw elfin faces watching us, uh, broadly smiling.
Hands over mouth.
Tee hee hee.
Ha ha, another trick on Reverend Stang.
And then we noticed it was time for the world to end.
And we did the countdown.
And, well, the usual.
They all stand around staring at me.
What name?
Oh, Stang.
Oh, Stang's fault.
Let's meet up Stang.
Let's throw Stang in the pond.
Oh, the pond's too far.
Shh, shh, Stang's about to talk.
Shh, shh.
Uh, mm, yeah.
I'm upset.
I did have a consolation prize.
I bought 50 earth erasers from, uh, Oriental Trading Company.
And handed out, uh, all but ten.
So we know at least 40 people got up at 7 o'clock this morning.
Mm-hmm.
Poor disappointed subgeniuses.
So sad.
And the ones who were the most disappointed were the true subs who actually showed up.
Well, some people stay up all night.
And others like us try to get a little shut-eye.
Even so, some of, uh, the sublets, the, um, actual subgeniuses, as opposed to Bobbies or Gimme Bobs,
or opposed to the elder subgeniuses, uh,
who are now known as, uh, Bobsters.
Yeah, oldster Bobsters.
Yes.
There were some who had been up all night and yet came right on out to the field,
looking up at the vacuous emptiness of the overarching sky.
Yeah, laughing at us.
The empty, empty sky.
Aw, evil.
Not a saucer to be had.
Yeah, so the Discordians will be laughing at us again.
This is a flying saucer.
Ah.
Um.
Tossed across the lawn.
But the good news is the audio recordings of all the shows we did at Tarzan's radio station,
all the bands, all the music, so far, everything that I've spot-checked, they sound spot-on.
I am a robot.
So, um, our Slack listeners can look forward to the, uh,
annual, uh, five months of, uh, X-Day recordings.
Yep. Yep.
So much recording is done there that five months flow from that one nexus point on the calendar.
Well, it's not five months of continuous Slack, but it's about 20 hours of Slack altogether.
Of course, I have to cut cuss words out for the broadcast stations. Uh-huh.
But you can always hear the uncut, uncensored hour of Slack.
Slack at subgenius.com.
Collect your free downloads.
And by the way, they won't be free forever.
Yes, but if you want to get your hardcore subgenius thrills, that's the place to head right now.
subgenius.com.
Oh, it's my job now to watch for a blinky light.
Beep. Beep.
We might, uh...
Boop-boop.
We're gonna stay on the air after this hour
with Dr. Sinister's show.
I hope we don't fall asleep, but I guess it won't matter,
because people call that show.
We don't allow them to call here.
Do you remember my telling you that Dr. Sinister called Baby Bear without any trouble at Wisteria
and wished you and Princess Wee a Slackful X-Day?
Aww. Well, I actually had a fairly Slackful X-Day,
because I've retired from running around trying to videotape everything.
Oh.
I still do a certain amount of running around audio recording everything,
but, uh...
Or, you know, we can't use the videos because everybody's naked all the time.
Here are the clog stompers doing their synthetic native ethnic dance,
which someone always sees and reports on every X-Day.
Well, the, uh...
There's always a question of who's gonna be brave enough to get in that natural pond for the Bob-tism,
and we had a pretty good turnout, much better than I expected.
For that matter, the whole festival had a bigger turnout than it has, likely.
I was in it more this X-Day than I usually manage to get in it, so...
In the pond?
Yes, so I became more familiar with it than usual.
True. Uh, Dr. Hal and I do a lot of dunking of subgeniuses as we Bob-tized them.
It's for their own good.
Yeah. Yeah. They... That's, uh...
These punks deserve dunking.
And we make sure that each and every one of them has to go beneath the, uh,
foully, brown-stained surface...
Beneath the waves.
...of the bubbling mass of muck and murk.
It does actually have some muck and murk in it.
It's not really diseased muck and murk, but it's mysterious.
Someone said, is that all that stuff, uh, did that come after the Bob-tism?
And, of course, uh, that is a calumny on the...
Physical cleanliness of subgeniuses.
Right. The scum on the surface of the pond wasn't there until we got in.
You scum. You scum.
Uh...
You know, if we had these, uh, X-Day drills, which they've all turned out to be at, uh,
Holiday Inn, off the interstate, I'm sure we could get more people, and they would be much more boring people,
because the interesting people are really...
They're willing to put up with camping and this out-of-the-way place and risk terrible, brutal weather,
which we did not have.
It was actually very comfortable out there most of the time.
Yes, it was cool and pleasant. Maybe a little squishy underfoot, but we could...
Almost cold at night.
...go down in the dingley dell to the grindhouse and watch My Dinner with Andre the Giant,
Senior Citizen Kane, Rosemary Baby Carrots, and all sorts of other films that are not as well-known as the first run,
things everybody talks about on the internet.
I've always thought it was kind of funny that people go to a campground and then watch movies,
but they watch movies together.
Well, ideally.
And they're on MST 3000 routine and everything.
That's the way it's supposed to work, but sometimes, uh, no one will go with you, and so you and it are abandoned.
But it runs all the time, whether you're there or not. I've gone, no one's there at all,
and the movies are still projecting.
Down there in the leafy glade.
It's a good place to hide from the clamoring fans.
Reverend Stang, I'm gonna ask you what to do with my life, but first I have to tell you my whole life story so you can correctly tell me what to do.
Okay, my parents are blah blah blah blah blah blah blah...
Certainly, my boy.
You know, the subgeniuses are the nicest folks on Earth.
Come and unload all your personal problems on them and they'll stop their own busy lives just to listen to you and counsel you.
Wherever you are, from whatever direction you come from, go to a subgenius's door now.
Knock on it and announce, I come seeking slack.
And just see what happens.
Here in the wonder world of tomorrow.
Well, what happens eventually is the subgenius looks at his watch and says,
Oh my god, I have to go now!
Oh no, I'll walk you to your stop.
But let me tell you another intriguing adventure that I had.
This one in Maracaibo.
It was when I was in my salad days.
Green onions, chives, bell peppers, and of course spinach leaves overall.
Overallish.
Mm-hmm. Not like Popeyes, though, however.
Spinach that's, well, frankly, not in a can.
And for adults as well.
Serves for...
When I came down the hill to pack up the set, all the decorations and everything this morning,
Priestess Pisces, who is like Stang 2 and does all the bossy, mean stuff that I used to have to do...
Was still on stage?
No, well, she was, uh...
She greeted me and said,
It was a great X-Day. No one died.
And that is how we judge our X-Days.
Did anyone die? No.
That's the way we do it at Burning Man.
No, Subgenius died, I should say.
At Burning Man, when nobody dies, they're happy.
Well, they have had that problem a couple of times.
Yeah, they broke their record again last year.
But the year before that, nobody died.
Oh, that's good.
Well, no one died that we talk about at any Subgenius X-Day.
No, and I don't even think anybody died unto Bob.
And here is someone alive, I hope.
The real apostates stay away.
And who are we speaking to today?
You are speaking to a phony apostate,
who is growing a dowager hump and moving next to a toxic stump hurrah hurrah hurrah.
Well, you ought to have a doctor look at that swollen apostate problem.
If you're making a joke, Dr. Howell, that's not funny.
Considering the operations that I've got scheduled.
Well, that's true, but the institute in...
Do you have a...
Basil, uh, Dr. Waldman is considered the greatest specialist in his field.
When he's not drunk.
Well, he's... some people are...
I think he has problems with opiates as well as alcohol,
or he's been known to be involved in the white slave trade, whatever that means.
Oh, for heaven's sakes.
Where's your proof for all these terrible calumnies about poor old white haired Dr....

Oh, really?
Yeah. Thousands and thousands point in that direction.
They don't come out and say it.
But you can fill in the blanks if, you know, you're of a...
Well...
...some kind of character.
That doesn't sound too scholarly to me.
Where are the footnotes?
Well, it sounds like Dave was not...
Where are the citations?
Dave, I get the impression that you were not lifted up onto the escape saucers any quicker than we were this weekend.
Well, as a matter of fact, I expected some kind of transportation.
And instead of...
Well, they're shooting golf guns next door. Can you hear that on the radio?
I can.
Well, they're shooting at you? Well, shoot back, man. This is America.
Yeah, this is the fourth, fifth, whatever the encumbrance we've had over the last few thousand years.
And why not defend the empire with snappy little things like those kids were?
At least they're patriotic. Can you say the same for yourself?
They love their country. They just love it.
Weren't you just saying, though, that scoundrels wrap themselves in...
No. Patriotism is the last refuge of scoundrels.
Correct. Samuel Johnson.
Yes, it's true. Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
But that's only because the foulest hide in the leaves of the fairest branches.
The leaves of the fairest? I thought... Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm just asking...
I'm just asking if you don't agree with the sensibility of that mildewed aphorism.
What is that?
Mildewed aphorism.
Are they really shooting at you, Dave, over and over again? I can sure hear that.
You can hear the gunfire.
No, I mean, just, uh, I may have to go to an adjacent room where there are less people outside shooting all firecrackers.
That's what you call the, uh, what is it, the safe room, the cold room, or what's that term, the, uh, quiet room.
No, the panic room. Panic room. Panic room.
It's one of our...
Or the mad room.
It's one of our, uh, the mad rooms.
Yeah.
Just to be able to go into an adjacent room, calm down, uh, you can...
Okay, well now you can run your electric trains and calm down while you tell us what happened in our absence while we went out to the deepest wilderness to meet aliens, which, uh, didn't happen.
I will reserve my comment on that for later.
But, uh, what phenomena did you observe in our absence?
I observed...
Uh-huh.
of people are behaving, there is peculiar behavior abundant. That's definitely true.
There are a lot of kids waving sticks around, brandishing lights.
Sticks?
Yeah, brandishing spears, you know, homemade spears and galoshes and, you know.
Galoshes?
Because it's a criminal act.
Well, I guess it must have rained a bit then. They're out in their galoshes waving sticks.
Are you sure these aren't the people who are, you know, just helping the kids cross the
street? Traffic monitors, I believe they call them.
No, they used to have those huge, those big, huge helmets, those jade helms or whatever
they call them on the propaganda radios. The big, big onyx-shaped glasses. Sometimes
they were wearing these goggles. I remember talking about them too much. But they were
fierce, as far as I was concerned.
Well, maybe you're lucky you got through the entire blockade.
It's quite possible you could still be back there at the barrier, unable to reach us or
call in.
Is that what happened down there?
I don't know.
In this area?
Do you know what happened up here in Ohio? When we came back, streets were blocked off.
There were cops on every corner.
Oh, yeah, I forgot to look that up. We were desperately trying to make it to the station
here on time, and my normal route was blocked off. And we could tell by the detour that
this huge area over in Cleveland Heights, actually, was blocked off.
The police were everywhere.
Mayfield Heights.
Yeah, well, it's Fourth of July. The police are having a...
...free zone, you know. That helps. At least we don't have to worry about any bombs going
off or anything.
Well, perhaps you do know, but you can't tell us because it would compromise a story that
you're working on.
Oh, no. I'm not creating history, if you know what I'm saying.
Well, no.
I'm not creating history.
What do you suppose this was all about? We had to take an extra lengthy detour simply
to...
Toxic waste spill. That was my theory.
...reach the Slacker Mansion.
Or alien attack, and they don't want the public to know. That would be my favorite.
Wouldn't that be funny?
I think maybe. One thing that could have happened is it could have been a fissure in the old
hook. Like saying, for instance, in your timelines and stuff like that, it really did happen.
X-Day really did happen.
But it didn't happen all the way, and there was all kinds of dismay and strange events
going on that precluded some sort of... Maybe they thought the person was trying to be a
terrorist or something.
There were enough cops and roadblocks around that there was sure something going on over
in the Mayfield Heights, Cleveland Heights area tonight, July 5th.
We'll stay with that story as the show continues, and perhaps as more news gets to us. In the
meantime, we're interested in your comments, so make sure you stay in contact as we continue
to deliver you the latest from X-Day at the Wisteria Campground in Deepest, Ohio.
And I did notice, Betty, that Hysteria, those have a long and troublesome history in the
annals of most of the parts of Southern Ohio we've dealt with over the last few weeks.
Well, don't believe everything you read on the Internet.
The staff was wisterical.
That's right. And wistful, also.
And I remember the one logo, the guy's wearing a monocle, and he looks like an SS colonel.
I thought that was really cute.
Who was that? Papa Joe Mama or something?
Dave may be making it up, but he's describing something that really has happened plenty of times.
Absolument. We have had the guys in the snazzy uniforms marching around, goose-stepping,
hiling. It's not...
It's not.

It's not unusual. I mean, it's not standard subgenius behavior, but we have all political
spectra represented at the campground, from hard right to limp-wristed, egg-sucking liberal.
That's me.
Saucy women of all varieties.
Everyone should be equal and special at the same time, but take all their money from the
people who are bad, which is the lucky people. See, I'm a limp-wristed liberal.
Mm-hmm.
Yep.
Mm-hmm.
That's what I heard that liberals say from conservatives. That's what the conservatives
told me that the liberals all say.
Yes.
That's what liberals say, and moo is what cows say.
And just think, they also accuse all liberals who talk to them in such a manner of cognitive
dissonance. And had it not been a tax on their cognitive dissonance, it prompted the idea
of cognitive dissonance. They would have never known what it was, but they accuse
everyone else of that now, which I think is fitting and moist.
What's worse, a cognitive dissidence.
Not dissidence.
The rebels in the system.
Or dissidence.
Mm-hmm. Even so. But, you know, there's room for a huge mixture at the campground, because
subgenius praxis and philosophy kind of winnow them all down to a bland subgenius statistical
normalcy.
There was a new person.
There was a new person there whose name was not generic subgenius, but what was it?
Something like subgenius minister?
Yeah, simply, yeah, Reverend Subgenius Minister.
It's like the most generic name I'd ever heard.
Yeah, that was, you know, he really was cute.
He brought his daughter?
Yeah.
He missed her.
So, as you can see, that was...
I'm sure you'll all be wearing those funny hats, you know, like with the cardinals and
then the Protestant guys wearing their funny hats and stuff like that.
There's a lot of people.

There were funny hats aplenty at State Trail 18.
You should have seen the one Susie the Flusie had on, why it caught the four winds of heaven
and whirled them over her head.
It looked like a wind farm on her head.
Well, if we could just use those, we could solve the so-called energy crisis.
So, we also had many popes and other peeps and perps wearing their specialized headgear.
And the occasional person wearing not much of anything.
But you don't get a whole lot of that.
Yes.
Not like Burning Man or something.
I'm afraid we did have sky-clad individuals.
Yes, they were hopping about the camp fitfully.
These sky-clad hoppers.
What did you like about the Pan Nation University?
Well, bless me.
I liked the way they were standing or whatever his name was.
The frog prints you had is dark for me.
At least that was the same timeline.
Generally, even the larger frogs from the pond don't leave prints,
but they do leave aggressive evidence of their passing.
Sometimes, unfully fledged froglets with tadpole tails nonetheless climb out of or jump out of the pond,
causing surprise and consternation.
They're sending tuxedos.
There's some kind of a butt nipple.
There's a nipping fish in that pond.
Wow.
It only nips cute young ladies' butts, apparently.
Well, something attached itself to my thigh, but I just detached it.
That was phylo.
I thought it was a leech.
If you're describing phylo, I certainly wouldn't call anyone a leech.
Phylo was not in the pond at the time.
That we know of.
I definitely know.
He can hold his breath for a long time.
He won't.
And he'll nip your butt.
Ladies, you better watch it.
But next time, let's bring a swim mask so we can actually see what's at the bottom of that bloody, I mean...
Scummy.
I mean, natural, filtered...
It needs to be filtered.
They say filtered.
Well, there's a reason they filter that, boy.
I'll have to tell you.
Human body parts, right?
Is that what you're saying?
No.
Gigantic tortoises still around.
This year, I thought it was...
The errand.
I thought it was walnuts.
Walnut oil.
But now, doubt has been thrown on this theory.
And some say there are no walnut trees anywhere near there, and it's not walnut oil.
Well, what is that brownish scum that covers the surface?
That scum is known as the hour of slack from the church of the subgenius.
And you're listening to it now.
We recorded nine hours of slack out there, I believe.
Which I wish you were on, Dave.
Because you can't be on them when I rebroadcast them.
We had a slack out.
But we did have better looking show co-hosts than we normally do.
Yes, the ladies.
Until Philo got there.
Yeah, and then Philo also tramples down your voice.
And so, there you go.
But, at any rate...
The transgender thing, once again, you're accusing Philo of being not a transgender, but at least a transgressor.
No, not at all.
You get that.
No, not a trans...
He was taught by J.R. Bob Dobbs himself, so he always gets his way.
That's how it works.
Isn't that a conniistic characteristic to always manipulate the behind the scourings
and relegate the authority to smaller people and bigger people?
Not the way Philo does it.
You won't know that he's done it to you until long after.
But, anyway, we had...
Let's see who we had.
Priestess Pisces as a co-guest host.
Managing the stage.
And Reverend Baby Bear, whose voice is always easy and clear to hear on the radio.
Distinctive and beautiful.
Reverend Susie the Floozy.
What we didn't have was Princess Wee.
But we did have Princess Wee and her mother, Wee Maumau, sing three separate times,
sing filthy, filthy ditties from, I guess, World War II.
In beautiful harmony.
Yeah, beautiful.
Beautiful.

And they were beautifully sung with no cuss words because they were from the 40s,
but they were more perverted.
Well, let me put it this way.
I can't play the examples now because I don't think I can play them on WCSB or any broadcast show.
Not suitable for air parade.
And that was an 85...
That was the 85-year-old subgenius.
That's why I think they'd be so beautiful with the bleeps left in the mix.
You would hear your grandma singing away and stuff heartily,
and you'd get all...
You'd get all warm-hearted yourself,
and maybe even a little toasty where you're not supposed to be,
and the next thing you know, you'll be attacking her with a club or a stick.
There's nothing to bleep.
The filthiest songs don't have bad words in them.
It's the concept.
It's the subject matter that's unbearably foul and vile.
It's swollen.
It's diaphragmic.
You know, it's like a diaphragm or something.
Well, that'll be on the X-rated special hour of Slack,
which you can only hear on the Internet.
And we always get at least two of those out of the X-Day mix.
The X-Day.
The X-Day X-rated special.
X, X, X, X.
With Charlie Brown, Linus, Lucy.
Oh, no, that's a different special.
And we also even have a little bit of video that we're going to show you right now.
There.
That was it.
Look it.
Look it.
She's got big bobs, Daddy.
Hey, stop that.
That is a family show.
Yes.
We better not play.
Hey, hey.
Cut the video.
We can't show that stuff.
That was a mistake in judgment.
Her bobs were wagging.
Wagging all over the place.
Yeah, right.
Well, you see.
Okay.
I hear it.
Boy, yo, yo, yo, yo.
I hear the boing, boing.
All right.
We had subgeniuses of all ages out there.
The pieces of the show up off the floor.
We really.
And dust them off.
What?
Please, please.
No, it's a show for all ages.
We had subgeniuses from 8 to 85.
Truly.
From the lethargic and stillborn to.
And babies.
All struggling for supremacy.
Yeah.
There was.
Well, the baby.
The youngest get the most attention.
There was a couple of practically newborns there.
And, of course, they're the big bosses.
They get the big attention.
Yes.
There was Milton newborn and Rachel newborn.
All right.
Irazu newborn.
And there was a bunch.
And the new birds.
So they're all there.
One big happy family.
Oh, we had a wedding, too.
So there's going to be 10 months from now.
There'll be yet another newborn.
Yes.
It takes an extra month to gestate a subgenius.
So, yeah, we may be.
Yeah.
You're kind of planning those holidays.
The wedding followed by the person or the Christian or the Dobbs.
You like some sort of mechanistic deterministic, you know, you know, Nazi monster.
You ask me, but I wasn't even saying that I made that up.
I did a legal subgenius wedding there.
Hey.
Hey.
Do you know who did my legal subgenius wedding, Dr. Howell?
Why don't you tell me now?
Lonesome cowboy.
Oh, for heaven's.
Honest to gosh.
I ordained him and he married Princess Leigh and me before anybody knew about it.
Except for the insurance company.
Her insurance company knew we were married.
And then we got married again later on at by a Unitarian.
Why?
With one whore?
In a theater.
Why does that remind me of?
The.
The.
Philodrum and nuptials.
I didn't know he had two of them.
In Golden Gate Park, the famous Philovian wedding took place.
And it sounds almost like what Ivan Stang just described.
Now, the other founder of the Church of the Subgenius, a strange duplication of function
and feature that you're only hearing about now on this program.
Phyla and Chaosmic Mama Cat had a.
A poo themed wedding.
Or was that just the.
The.
The.
The party after.
That must have been the after party because the wedding itself was more sedate and decorous.
Oh, OK.
Well, I know that the reception was poo.
Had the theme of poo.
Unusual for weddings.
Religious accolades.
It was affidavits of every type of variety during the dinner and cocktail hour.
But shortly after when they had the Hoopy Ding Dang and the band was playing and stuff.
Like that.
I guess they brought out the muses.
Muses?
Nothing.
Not the kind the.
The inclements were.
This is more designed for perpendicular climbing and stuff like that.
It's a sportsman's thing.
You wouldn't understand.
You're.
You're.
All right.
Well, he's a good sport.
I don't know what you mean.
Come on.
Let's hear it for Ivan Stang.
He's the bigger they are, the nicer they are.
What a good sport.
And he can.
He's tired of putting some stirrups in his mouth and driving around like a hog.
Just last night in his special room, I downed an enormous tumbler of glowing greenish absinthe.
That was a little bit too much absinthe in that time.
It was one hell of a lot.
And yet there wasn't as much in mine as there was in yours, I happened to notice.
Well, I had a wider glass.
Uh-huh.
That is drinking up our Christmas.
The guy that did his dissertation on Church of the Subgenius, Reverend Lee Seifer, gave us this iced, really for real absinthe, not American absinthe.
But French.
Sacre bleu.
French.
Oh, that's lovely.
Mon Dieu.
It made my pants damp.
C'est triste.
Oh.

Which in French is written A-T-I-N-A-T-I-N-A-T-I-N.
A-T-I-N-A-T-I-N.
Yes, it was the real...
I was just talking about A-T-I-N-A-T-I-N-A-T-I-N.
Make a leka high, make a high knee ho.
Oh, that was so sweet.
But it was delicious, mon frère.
Congratulations.
I salute you on both cheeks.
Peu, peu, peu.
Allons, enfants de la patrie.
Le jour de gloire est arrivé.
Yes, the jour de gloire not only arrived, but it went away without much consequence.
Le jour de gloire, because no saucer are descended.
But, you know, you can't...
It is Bastille Day, though, isn't it?
No, that's on the 9th, is Bastille Day.
I thought, you know, it's a wonderful time to put all your...
X Day, the 4th of July, Canada Day, or Commonwealth Day, whatever they call it.
The 21st and 22nd of...
Was it September, the original night of slack at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco?
January.
January?
Yeah, January 21st.
January, 21st and 22nd.
So, you see, on those dates, the Queen Empress of France, Marie Antoinette, was beheaded.
The same dates that Bob was shot the first time?
Exactly.
A nightmarish night that was, friends.
Dr. Howell and I were both there.
I was.
We saw Bob with his own eyes walk out on stage.
A thousand people.
And the audience saw it.
Well, a few hundred.
And why did puzzling evidence of all people turn against Bob suddenly that night?
The betrayer.
Just because we'd been telling him to for weeks.
The one who betrays.
Well, it's all part of history now.
Bob lying on the stage, his broken pipe laced with his golden blood.
That didn't stop him, though.
He doesn't look good after being...
assassinated so many times.
Looks like a horrid walking corpse.
But you've got to give him credit for being around at all.
Luckily, that strong pipe smoke covers the smell.
Hmm.
Nothing like the smell of your clump and clogging.
It's the clump and clogging of the corp, or flop, as Stan was calling it previously.
The smell around your head, pre-smoked and pre-inhaled, for your smoking pleasure.
There was a lot of smoking.
What?
Smoking at X Day.
Heathen smoked some chickens.
Pigs were out there.
Heathen smoked chickens?
Now, let's not get personal and...
Pigs with human feet.
Yeah, okay.
All right.
Let me get all jaded outside.
I mean, everybody's perfect.
But no, Siri, David Apocalypse told me that he has been breeding pigs with human feet
so that he can make... sell bacon to Jewish people.
I didn't get that at first, but he was going to club and have...
Yeah.
He was going to club and have.
Oh, right.
Okay.
Well, the club and hoof is also a sign of El Diablo in the lands of the archetypical
strains.
The Straits of Guava, the Pulse of Truge of Guano, all those different parts of South
and Central America.
In San Iguana?
Yeah, the Ploja of Guana, or I think it's the Fields of Nazcar.
Now, that's not in South America.
And there's also a dissociative realm somewhere near Africa.



Antarctica, I guess, where a bunch of pre-natal surrogates are trying to outlive everybody,
but they haven't discovered the secret of the Church of the Subgenius because, well,
who the hell would want to do that anyway unless you really got wrapped for one year?
Well, we wouldn't want that to be floated out into the world so wide to be sniped and
japed at.
But why?
Oh, of course.
Like all publicity isn't good news or something like that.
Therefore, using reverse psychology, we have found that the Church of the Subgenius, which



And that's why we've put out numerous books and pamphlets, knowing that that would generate
a lack of interest and preserve our private moments for ourselves.
It keeps the ref out.
Mm-hmm.
Well, you know, you've got the...
Remember, these aren't occult kooks.
I know these people.
Yeah.
And on your assurance, we'll go with that.
Yeah, right.
Like you were indicted two times on what was the Court of the Absurd for 20 years.



And so, I had to go to the stocks and the pillory or one of those places and stuff like
that and hang your head and sing with a big P on your nose.
Hey, hey, watch your language.
Hey, hey, now, calm down, man.
A big P on your nose.
Yeah.
The letter P.
You know what that means.
I P on the people of North Korea.
Remember the Magayas?
The Magayas incident?
Oh, yeah, of course.
Lieutenant Commander Booker had to get on North Korean radio and apologize, so he said,
I P on the people of North Korea.
P-A-E-A-N, he pointed out to the translators.
So that's how his apology went out.
Wow.
Alert, alert.
I guess, you know, it's like Thomas Wolfe said, real life history is more important
than reality.
Or, it's more...
Reality is just...
It's just more strange than fiction.
It was the incident that marked the beginning of World War Four.
And we haven't even lubricated that transmigration yet.
That could be like a thousand strings away.
It could be right next to us.
All like hairy and undulating and going...
Get on in, get on in.
You're gonna like it in here.
Like a thousand tiny fingers telling you to let go and drop into a vertiginous, radiant
abyss.
Mm-hmm.
It's like mom and dad's dopey-dopey.

It's like the apple pie.
The kind they used to make to keep you quiet, like when you'd be beaten with those spoons
and everything.
The apple pie, you can have it.
We began an index day with a ceremonial cherry pie made from the ripest, plumpest, and reddest
cherries from the secret sacred orchard, seething with mosquitoes and blood-sucking insects.
He's not exaggerating.
Yeah, you should see my scalp.
It's a horrendous sight.
A horrid landscape of bumps and welts, which I had to keep covering all through instinct.
I am smooth.
I am a smooth man.
Devoid of bumps, because I was wise enough to buy a plane ticket for Dr. Howell, the
juicy, delicious Dr. Howell, beloved of all species of insects, especially mosquitoes,
who flock around him and avoid him.
They are not in the same boat as me.
They are not in the same boat as me.

And that's really the reason why Dr. Howell is the one person who actually gets kind of
almost paid to come to X Day.
Even the bands, even the famous bands have to pay.
But they don't keep the flies off of me like Dr. Howell does.
He's just the sweetest thing.
Well, there ain't no flies on Jesus.
Um...
He's almost dead.

He's almost dead.
I'm only telling it as it is.
This is simply a fact that must be acknowledged.
Some of us taste good and some of us don't.
You wouldn't think a horrible, roughy fellow like me would be so delicious.
Someone more toothsome in shape they would not be.
It's just the way it is.
They'll make the rules.
If you guys were on two different channels, that would have been comprehensible.
I'm sorry.
I'll withdraw my remark.
I just commented.
You don't need to.
It couldn't be heard anyway.
But it's all right.
I'm sorry.
It's all right.
I'm sorry, too.
We're all sorry here.
Sad and sorry.
But we'll do better, by golly.
It doesn't do you any good.
Even if you're sorry, you're not forgiven.
But Bob doesn't forgive you.
He slathers you.
He fills you with oatmeal and the kind of lust and nuts you need to get through another
day of transgressions.
He's got a lot of money.






何 못quila
We need to let him go.
If he's giving it away, he doesn't get to buy it.
He doesn't have it.

Then you're still here.
If you let anything slip.
An example entered you about uncomfortable standings.
Listen, it was a establishMoney's businesscha.
There's an excuse.
Upwater is corporations.
It's something that represents a dear and precious product.
Lemon has been passed down through the generations with boringcharged deli's.
Are you an organisation member?
Oh, we're both endicons, not game- 먹어
Oh, there's so many?
It's all about constant.




partially out of rat muscles, at least in the transference part.
E-I-E-I-O, sir.
But the problem is the monoculture eliminates the possibility for many other creatures to live there,
other animal communities and plant communities which would be there
instead of a huge field of similar genetically engineered mulch.
But, Tom Red, wouldn't you agree that America's culture has become a monoculture,
especially its economic culture?
The worst of all would be the computer culture, which is a monoculture imposed over all.
So we're putting all our eggs into the same basket.
And that means if it falls, they shall all crack on the sidewalk
and their yulks shall run this way and that, and no one will be able to get Wi-Fi.
Moreover, anything that you got with a computer can be hacked, right?
Do you believe that?
Yes, absolutely.
Mr. Rosamond K.
Is that true?
Including America's nuclear missile arsenal.
How about that, Mr. Smarty Pants Communist?
That's really true?
Mr. College Professor, yes, it's true, Mr. Hippie.
Talk on this, hippie.
Oh, well.
That's done.
Anyway, so get rid of the computers and put a chain-smoking guy with a telephone in the silo
back the way it used to be.
And we'll all breathe a little easier.
He's not a Luddite.
Except for the chain-smoker.
He's a real pragmatist.
Well, he's in there because he's nervous in the service.
Ever read Level 7?
No.
Oh, yeah, that requires moon pants to begin with.
You can't read that stuff without evacuating yourself.
It scares the right out of you.
It scares you very bad.
Level 7 was written in the 50s.
It's dedicated to Dwight and Nikita, and it's about the guy who pushes the button.
You know that?
He destroys the world and how he reports for duty and goes down into a bunker in a down escalator
for which there is no up escalator.
Oh, great.
He goes down many levels.
There's a Bolshoi ballet on this.
They turned it into a Bolshoi ballet as well.
The elevator scene and everything was transcribed by the...
It's never been made into a movie.
It hasn't?
I thought there was one, like a science, like a dystopian thing, like it was kind of Solaris or something like...
Well, there have been many movies about underground...
Under dystopias.
The...
A boy and his dog.
Yeah, a boy and his dog certainly comes to mind with Topeka, Kansas, underground, away from the ravages of the nuclear devastated surface.
And then recently there was one with Bill Murray as the mayor of that underground town that was besieged by giant worms and moths and the power was failing.
That was a weird movie.
Yes.
Not many people flocked to see that one.
I thought it was quite interesting.
Yeah, that's the problem.
I can't remember the title either, but maybe Dave, can you remember the title?
No, it wasn't dark anything.
It was a church in Silicon Valley.
I think there was some part of it that was heretical.
It had that Irish actress in it, Sayaris, or however you say her name, Roman.
Anyway, our listeners will be reassured to know that there was a subgenius in the missile silos.
I don't know if he's still there, but Pope Cripps.
Pope Dennis Cripps.
Who drew the filthiest, filthiest giant peni onto TV guide pictures.
As well as on America's nuclear missiles.
Yeah, right.
When he wasn't watching, keeping his finger hovering over the button, the button, he was drawing dirty pictures and sending them to the church of subgenius.
That's really what all of subgenius was about.
Just putting that guy in the proper place at the proper time.
Everything else is, well, window dressing.
And gravy.
Yeah, but it worked.
He's out of jail.
Oh, I'm still here.
Right.
Everyone thinks we're trying to destroy the world.
Actually, we're the only thing standing between this world and its complete destruction.
We, the subgeniuses.
You owe us, man.
Everybody out there, you owe us big time.
And it's time we collected.
So line up and present.
Or.
Or we'll take Pope Crips out of the subgenius missile silo.
Well, actually, it was a federal government missile silo.
What are the Orwellian overtones of X-Day?
What have you, when you glean an artificial mission or perhaps some sort of information, what were the Orwellian overtones of X-Day?
It's probably found in Orwell's essay on shooting an elephant.
I'm not really familiar with shooting an elephant.
That's your elephant.
You have to wear pajamas.
If you shot your elephant.
Yeah, what he was doing in my pajamas, I'll never know.
But actually, it's not even safe to make jokes based on Groucho Marx because you can get banned from Facebook for doing it.
What?
Well, that is Goldsteinism at its finest right there.
Grouchy Marx was indeed a Marxist by family lineage and therefore a Goldsteinite in the 1984 classic by George Classic.
1984?
Emmanuel Goldstein.
The equivalent of Bernie Sanders, Noam Chomsky, all sorts of other characters.
Other made-up characters.
Yes, exactly.
For a hate hour.
For the six minutes hate.
Where you just hate him.
Hate him.
Hate him.
Right, like when they put Janer on the Puzzling Evidence show.
Yeah, I understand that.
Who?
As soon as you...
You left...
You and Philo both left the Puzzling Evidence show.
It just went all to hell at the hands of Puzzling Evidence.
Well, as it turns out, that's no surprise.
Just kidding, folks.
Just kidding.
Not at all.
I don't know if that show exists anymore, but we shall see.
In the fullness of time.
In the meantime, we must move along with our agenda here.
Well, we're drawing Philo ever closer to Groucho.
He's in Cleveland and the lovely stations here at WCSB.
So he is fixing to move to Kentucky.
In fact, the reason he was able to come to Ex Day in southern Ohio
was because he's on a house hunting trip, or a barn hunting trip, more accurately.
He needs property with a barn in Kentucky.
In Keentuck.
So that he can get up to Cleveland in about five hours.
But no sooner.
That's the important thing.
I think it might take a little closer to seven, because Cincinnati is six in the west as well.
Well, after they get the monorail built, it'll be faster yet.
Yeah, you haven't seen the way Philo does it.
You've just seen how old Grandpa Stang drives.
Grandpa Stang is careful.
And it's a good thing, too, because the man was on the highway.
The police were everywhere.
On July 4th weekend, we saw, we must have seen at least seven or eight people pulled over.
Fire engines.
Fire engines, ambulances, cops everywhere.
Yeah, and that was before we got to the toxic spill in Cleveland Heights.
Cops in the woodpile.
They blocked our way.
Well, they were all on terrorist alert, and so they had to make their presence known.
Well, what was the deal?
There was also another click it or ticket month, week, or something like that.
Click it or ticket, eh?
That was what occurred with a major holiday, which involves drinking.
You've got to remember, our independence as a nation was based on a bunch of yahoos in an alehouse
who were stinking drunk.
That's where all this went.
And goodly stretched on the hemp.
Yes, what a fetid fervor of freedom.
A fervor of freedom.
A passion of a desire to be free, whatever the hell that means.
Yeah, whatever that means.
Freedom from the tyranny of taxation and quartering redcoats in your hall closet.
Freedom from free association where things follow and don't follow.
Come back again once more.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy and wealthy and wise.
Gentlemen cry peace, peace.
But there is no peace.
Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the chains of slavery?
Forbid it, almighty God.
I know not what course others may take.
But as for me...
Give me liberty or give me death.
Wow, Dr. Howell's jowls swole up when he did that.
That was cool.
Yeah.
He looked at those things waggling back and forth.
That's the way you do it.
Yeah, exactly.
You can get a headache doing that.
Too late.
You could also get disemboweled by the corporate state secret government.
You make too many jokes about tax not under the influence of fire.
You're cracking a joke.
Emboweled will I see thee anon.
Emboweled will I see thee anon.
And anon shall I see thee emboweled.
At the subgenius wedding, instead of exchanging vows or even vowels, they exchanged vowels.
And man, was that messy.
It was. It was awful.
But they...
That's what the young couple wanted to do.
There are some registered nurses with bedpans in the crowd and things were taken care of.
But I wouldn't have wanted to sit in the front row in the splatter zone.
This was not a short-duration wedding, but an eternal wedding to be totally locked in the bonds of matrimony.
There were plenty of canes and walkers thrown away to the wind as people rushed off stage screaming,
I can walk, I can walk again.
Well, it was more like, I can crawl again.
I can crawl again.
So you did that again this year?
You dragged...
You dragged up all those people that were like in stretchers and stuff?
No, we took people who...
And that's to drag them up on stage?
People who had learned...
Who were walking fine, but had wanted to regain the ability to crawl.
And we can do that with the laying on of sledgehammers.
Acubating and other doctoral techniques.
The lame to see, the blind to walk.
The forbidden sciences.
You know, the boots.
Like the little lamby pies led to slaughter and stuff.
Also makes good Mexican mariachi music too, I suppose.
I prefer to call it slafter.
The slafter house.
Exactly.
Lead him to the slafter house.
Whether a bobby, a sublet, or even a bobster.
I may be just an old bobster, but let me tell you, Bobby, something.
You better believe that.
That man Bob, when he says, it's going to be a bummer.
I thought you knew J.R. Bob Dobb.
I know J.R. Bob Dobb for what he was.
And I know the sub-demuses for what they was.
Here, it's time to take your pill, Reverend Stang.
Uh, hold on a minute.
For difficult reasons.
Now this won't hurt a bit.
Just one little pinch.
He just stuck one up there three minutes ago.
What's going on here?
It's elder abuse.
What are we...
Say, did you know that this show is almost over?
The box elder needle here.
This hour of slack number 1,500 and something, something, something.
Because I don't know what order they're going to be.
Sackack never.
I guess this could be number 1,525.
Of course.
As you say, so can it be.
And you can hear all the...
The previous ones for free.
Temporarily.
On subgenius.com.
Where you can learn all about X-Day and Subgenius and Doctors for Bob.
And Dr. Hal's show.
The Ask Dr. Hal show.
Yes.
On Radio Valencia.
And also the Puzzling Evidence show.
And also the Suzy the Flusies Bob Slackdime Fun House.
On WREK Atlanta.
So you see.
We...
At one point we had...
We had three separate radio show hosts all at one table.
Suzy, Dr. Hal and myself representing the three cities of Bob.
San Francisco, Cleveland and Atlanta.
Atlanta, home of Waffle House.
Bob's favorite restaurant.
Yes, it was a moment destined to happen.
But now that it's happened, it's kind of...
Over and done with.
Yes, yes, yes.
Only for...
Only for this hour.
No, it wasn't sour.
It was tasty and it was delicious.
It was a wonderful afternoon.
You guys should just come out and admit...
You say so.
You didn't spend five hours driving through rural Ohio.
Well, I had a hard time driving through an hour and a half of rural Ohio.
Rural Ohio.
Five hours would probably tax me too much.
And so, as a...
As a consequence, my car and I stayed home and looked at each other.
We wish you could have been there, Dave.
And you'll be there with us when you hear those shows that you can't be on
as they intermittently come out as I gradually edit my way through.
I'm removing all the terrible language that I myself used
in front of a live audience.
That beautiful wisteria.
Blah, blah, blah.
Which will...
Yeah, wisteria was beautiful.
It wasn't too hot and everything was fine.
So, don't listen to those who say wisteria is a hellish, tropical, insect-tormented purgatory.
Although the local newspaper was commemorating the derecho that came through
and ruined X-Day three years ago.
No, actually, only X-Day was spared.
Everywhere else was ruined.
Oh, it was still hell.
It was really, really hot.
It was 104 degrees.
I'll admit that.
But evil enemies of the church spread the untrue rumor
that it was always like that.
Even in the dead of winter, wisteria was 104 degrees.
Well, even...
Forever and ever and ever.
With flames that do not consume but only hurt.
There is a nice cold pond there to get out of that fiery deluge of eternal flame.
Hey, I have to do a thing.
It's called the station ID.
Hey, watch this.
Look what he's going to do.
This is WCSB Cleveland.
That's it.
That's all you have to do.
You're listening to WCSB Cleveland.
And I'm going to fade out soon here.
Round he throws his baleful eyes.
In fact, Dave, why don't you call back in a little while after Dr. Sinister gets sunk in.
I will call in one half an hour.
Okay, man, I'm fading you out.
You're fading out.
Witness huge affliction and dismay.
Dave is gone and he's been dropped.
At once, as far as angels can.
And now I'm dropping out. Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.







Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.
Bye.

Bye.
