And, had to just grab it, had to just grab the show, and do the sudden show, the unexpected, subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Ah yes, so good, so good to do it all over again.
Ah yes.
Yes.
Well, I certainly have a great ending for this show.
We can make it to the end.
Yes, unexpectedly, regular normal human show, caught out of town, disasters happened, he couldn't make it.
We have to be on the air for another two hours.
Now Will, you haven't called any, the ranger reader and told her to send anybody else down here.
Good, good, okay.
Because I,
I'm ready to preach, oh yeah.
This is my favorite time, my favorite kind of subgenius show, when, when you're like ovaries to the wall, you might say.
He, he, he, he.
Yeah, yeah, that's a, now let's see what we have in the show bag, this, the sudden panic stricken show bag.
See, I can't keep playing tapes of the subgenius convention.
Because, why?
There could be cursing and things like that.
And I know that my listeners would have their ears terribly offended to hear cursing.
But, let's see what kind of, oh there's some CDs.
But, you don't want to hear those, they're just old acid rock stuff that I like to listen to.
Crazy.
Look at these tapes.
Little Wellmans we call them.
Little Wellman heads.
They run across the metal heads and bring a show.
I was just, I'm bathing in tapes, yes.
Bathing in tapes.
Oh, oh gosh.
And, and scripts.
Yes, we have plenty of scripts.
Um, and uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, are we ready?
Are we?
Oh yes, I think so.
Oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh.
Oh.
And you know, when in doubt on any subgenius show, play other subgenius shows.
Flowers and nice feelings.
I'll take an omelet.
And there are phylo drumming laying amidst the flowers.
I'll take a din for omelets.
What's that?
A couple orders of hash browns.
No, no, no, no, no.
Uh, some orange juice.
It's the band.
Some pancakes.
Okay.
Oh, mmm.
We're getting all this on tape somewhere.
Let's see.
Food, food monster.
What else?
Food monster.
What else do I want?
Oh, uh, some baby Hal dinosaur bacon.
Yeah.
Some, yeah.
Bacon made from the sides of the dinosaur.
Fresh, fresh hash.
Hal laid.
Wait a minute.
Oh, Hal laid the dinosaur?
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, they call their friends long distance and talk about nothing.
Hal laid the dinosaur?
Yeah.
It was cat laid.
Well, so what?
It was terminally ill with Sherman's disease.
I did it and I'm proud of it.
Was it a small, it must have been a rather small dinosaur.
It was a small, it was a small dinosaur.
The earth moved, let me tell you.
It was, well, I saw it.
It was really neat.
They were suspended by wires and the earth moved and they fell right in.
It was on PBS and it was on national public access channels.
Well, did the dinosaur move or did she just lay there?
It was beautiful stop motion animation effects.
She lit up another cigarette and asked when it was going to start getting pretty fun.
That was afterward.
That was then.
This is now.
That was a mighty big cigarette.
Uncle Philo, you would have been proud.
Well, but you're now.
We gotta eat.
Well, you're a peppy now.
Well, I'm a peppy and I'm looking for my frappies.
Frappies.
I've been feeling mighty crappy.
Well, don't get frappy happy, Peppy.
Go over to Sappy's and get some more frappies.
And now we're taking that video tour of Dr. Drummond's house now.
And don't be grumpy or sleepy.
That's right.
Here's the beautiful little room where things twinkle and sparkle.
And look at that.
Look at that lady.
She's got two heads.
That's Cookie.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, three heads.
I'm sorry.
Just ignore the other two.






That's what I always do.
Yeah.
Well, we've been dragging Ivan Stang from show to show here on Earthly, so we hope he'll
come out here soon and do the same thing.
Please, Sappy, help me.
Please pick them up by me.
I hope they will.
Please, Dr. Drummond, you're the only one who can help.
Help us get the other show.
You have to help me, Dr. Drummond.
Pick that chain off your ankle, boy.
Help, please.
I can't do it myself.
You have to free yourself.
I can't do anything.
We need you.
Now is the time to get out of here.







We have the time with the brain is the most likely to float at the farthest distance

Most people die at this hour.
They're not where you are, but at what time it is here.
These are the hours when the human organism is...
It's too early on Saturday.
It's too early when we can start recording time yet.
Yes, it's true.
Poodzilla is going to punish you.
He went all the way to the third year.
You think you could wake up Poodzilla for us?
Excuse me?
Wake up Poodzilla?
Poodzilla, yeah.
We'd like Poodzilla to be on the show with us.
Just look out.
Look out, Poodzilla.
Woo!
You share this with us.




magic moment. Come on, don't do that. It scares Gary.
I'm really, playfully trying to get us to awaken right now.
Nause on my stomach.
Well, actually, there is a dark side to this phone call. I guess it's time to tell you
now. We've come for your first born.
Oh, you have? Okay, well, here she is. Take her.
Well, Dr. Howell, put her in the back of the car.
Put her back there, Mrs. Andy.
That's a human being, Hal.
Either once a week, in water or daily.
Okay. Her water daily, or?
Hal's never touched a real person before.
Well, that's because this is the show of the submen.
Isn't it about time for your yearly ski adventure?
To tell?
Yeah.
Bob ain't paying you to lay a bed all day, is he?
Yeah, I'm actually being paid to lay here right now.
Friends, the slack comes true. Bob's promise comes true. You hear that?
Philo Drummond is...
I'm paid to lay in bed sleeping!
Actually, they'll pay me more when I get out.
Oh. That's no fun.
Hello?
Well, you know what they say...
Wait, they're not here. It's old show.
One man's bummer is another man's beautiful thing.
Hi, man. It's beautiful.
My friend, we shall dominate you, dear listener, as we have dominated others of your species.
There's no escape.
Okay.
You can only do your duty.
It... It was me give up on it anyway.
But you know, friends...
You start talking about that weird stuff. You start... start talking about...
The neither forces. You might end up summoning some of them things.
Yeah, we... we subgenius ministers here found out there's some things you just...
don't play around with.
You don't start messing with somebody else's religion, they say.
But you start messing with the elder gods, friends.
You... you stir up forces.
Suddenly, everything's going wrong.
What you gonna do about it, boy?
What you gonna do to get straight?
Not much you can do if you get everything out of... out of balance.
You thought it was real funny, didn't you?
Thought you'd go and pull the devil's leg, eh?
Well, go ahead, son.
Yeah, it's funny. Funny big joke.
Let's go... go ahead, little girl.
Let's go spray paint funny pictures on tombstones.
Let's go make a fake bleeding head of Arnold Palmer head and launch it.
Let's go set up a Bob altar and worship for ages.
Yeah, aliens!
Ah, let's do that worshiping, dear friend.
Worship for some aliens.
And... you know, it can be done.
We do it all the time here in Dallas, Texas.
Worshiping for them aliens.
Or...
as it sayeth here in...
Revelation X, the Bob Apocryphon.
I picked up this ancient manuscript and dusted it off.
Who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof?
You see, you gotta be careful, friends.
Who sees you listening to this radio program?
You gotta be careful who hears you listening to this radio program,
or sees you carrying a subgenius book out of the bookstore.
Because it has come around.
It's time it has come around, dear friends.
The penultimate do-it-yourself end times religion.
The Church of the Subgenius.
The Church of the Subgenius.

God's answer to fundamentalists.
Psychic ejaculations from the repressed nightmares
of a million gland mutants of the no age.
Beyond Satanism.
Yes, yes, yes, dear friends.
Just drop this show now.
Go into any orifice and watch it go, go, go.
Because the divine program from a source not of this world
can yet be known to mortals if, if they have enough money.
This incredible new faith authorized to blaspheme by the gods themselves
is the first all-purpose belief system to be compatible
with all major world religions.
And most weird fringe cults with a minimum of expensive interfaces or surgery.
Brought to you by the Subgenius Foundation Incorporated.
Dulling the pain of existence in a world without slack since 1978.
I can't believe I'm listening to this show, you say.
No, we can't.
You tuned in because it sounded different.
And most other people, dullards and fools, avoided it for that very reason.
But maybe, just maybe, you are as different as this show is.
If so, then you are one of the chosen.
And this show falling into your ears was no accident.
In the hands of the others.
What you're hearing now.
What you're about to hear would be forbidden knowledge.
But for you, it's what you've always wanted.
What you've always deserved.
What you thought you could never have.
Something for nothing.
But this is real, friends.
And everything you know is true.
Bob is the proof.
And we may now proceed.
The prudes, prigs, weezers and weenuses, the superpatriots and fundamentalist fanatics
all think that there should be more religion in this country.
Well, have we got a religion for them.
The Church of the Soft Genius, dear friends.
The world's first industrial church building a new heaven and earth on the rubble of the old.
Scarier than the Old Testament and Scientology put together.
More needlessly complicated than the Kabbalah.
More vague and ambiguous than the I Ching or astrology.
More sheer brazen bull than even the Book of Mormon.
And yet infinitely more accurate than Project Blue Book and the Warren Commission report combined.
You, you, my friend, are now on the path of least resistance.
Be not afraid.
You have no choice.
Bob is coming.
And it is useless, useless to resist.
Just a closer look.
Just a closer look.
Ah, yes, yes.
We slow down now for an examination of some of the church services and activities that we like to offer you.
Here in our special Church of the Subgenius religion.
Oh, dear Bob, let it be.
Let it be, let it be.
Let it be gospel missions.
That's one of the things we do in radio outreach.
That's what you're listening to right now.
The Church of the Subgenius radio outreach.
We offer bondage and discipline.
And, uh, devangelistic crusades.
Uh, sleeve jobs, prison work, and, uh, oh, excuse me.
Excuse me.
That's inappropriate music for prison work.
Oh, here we go. That's better.
Youth counseling, conspiracy infiltration, dominance training.
Did I say youth counseling?
I really enjoy the youth counseling.
A television ministry, which we're working on.
Whipping, especially with the riding crop.
Quirt, a taws, et cetera.
Tent meetings, high heels, seances, nipple piercing, faith healing, acu-meeting, alien contact.
See? See? We offered.
I told you, I heard you heard earlier in the show.
Alien contact.
Tantric deviant technology.
Sacrificial knife wielding.
If you're doing a sacrifice wield, we'll be glad to wield that blade for you.
Fortunes told, dirty phone talk, techno magic talismans, industrial sales predictions, uh, for your business.
Uh, sex hurt therapy.
That's not to be confused with hemorrhoids.
That's just sex hurt therapy.
Holistic brain watching.
The invocation of the dread powers of earth, water, fire, and air.
Now, now, that's something, that's rather expensive and kind of dangerous.
Uh, but, uh, many of you have heard of it.
Many people ask for the French prescriptions, and of course, everybody wants the answers and the miracles.
And you can get those by sending a free, for free information from the Church of the Subgenius.
Uh, just a self-addressed stamped envelope will be all we need at Post Office Box.
Got that pencil ready?
Post Office Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas 75214.
Ah, yes.
And, uh, we welcome contributions of any kind.
Letters, artwork, photos, clippings, tapes, sin materials, flesh sacrifices, videotapes.
But what will really make us notice you is money.
To the station, of course.
Because what we're preaching is the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
As, uh, they, well, he's the high epop of the Church of the Subgenius.
The Church of Industriosexuals, dear friends.
Uh, uh, people who got so high on life that they had to enter a 12-step withdrawal program.
Uh, yes.
But, you know, many people have asked us over the years, just how do I use this show?
The Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
And, well, it works just about exactly like the, the Bible.
Or any holy book or radio show that's worth a buoy.
Uh, you can find something in it to excuse you for anything.
Or to prove any point.
Indeed, uh, any, any number of mutually contradictory points.
It can be used to prove that the Earth was created only 4,000 years ago.
Or that it was never created at all.
Or it can show, dear friends, that all subgeniuses are misogynists who secretly believe in Jesus.
Or it can, uh, show that they're all feminists that are really serving Jesus.
They're all, uhh, react она бы как хухлом
Or the [? kingdom, obviously, that miъ notebook

Come on, ladies.

You gotta, uh,rez love of you, of, um, higher, um, qualms your59
Uh, press Milling Un Silicon 그
beyond even a bulldada. None of these are incorrect uses of the subgenius materials,
and in fact, you might someday need to use them in court. It doesn't matter what you tell others
about it, as long as you remember that those are only functions of the show, of the book,
of the church. Never forget their true nature as revealed by these three basic underlying facts.
Number one, this is not a parody. Number two, there is not a single contradiction anywhere in
our teachings. And number three, there is only one real interpretation, the literal one.
And to conspiracy-blinded doubters, dear friends, this church might at first just appear like
nothing more than a parody. That's understandable. I mean, after all, most people think that man
either evolved to be a god or a godless person. But that's not the case. It's not the case.

A man was born from apes or was created by a god, and they actually believe what they see on the news.
So we can hardly expect such a gullible species to distinguish Dobbs' truth from the morass of
false belief that they wallow in. We repeat, friends, subgenius teachings contain no elements
of parody. We might try for comedy relief now and then, but generally what we're preaching,
everything is meant exactly as written.
It's plain, it's blunt, maybe too blunt for the polished sensibilities of the modernist,
but don't you bother to search between the lines because there's nothing there.
Nothing there.
No interpretation is necessary.
Save yourself the trouble.
Just believe.
Trust in the bald, naked, stark word as it stands.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Trust in Bob exactly as he stands there in front of you
because, you know, there's a lot of these weird, bogus churches around these days.
We're not one of them, although we might have inadvertently spawned most of them.
They're just making fun of organized religion or fringe cults.
None of them go the distance.
They don't cross the line and become replacements for those things.
Who can blame them?
Who can blame them?
It's dangerous as hell on this conspiracy mud world.
Uh, parodies, fine.
Oh, yeah, it can be clever and witty and so forth,
but, you know, it can rarely impart the seriously disturbing truth that we want to bring to you, dear friends.
It's that funny stuff can't...
It can't resonate with hidden, buried knowledge too hideous to apprehend in normal.
consciousness.
Oh, we'll try to develop a sense of the blackest, blackest humor, oh yeah,
along with a bunch of other glands,
but only as one of many buttresses, many reinforcements that allow you
to enter that toughened yet delicately balanced state of mind
wherein you can bear to hold the otherwise
unthinkable thoughts.
And that's where the other religions fail, dear friends.
The first part of your mind that they start eating away at is the sense of humor,
and when that goes, any possibility of maintaining perspective in your view of the world vanishes.
That's why they're so stupid.
They lose sight of the basics, just keep trying to force the natural contradictions of life
into making some sort of sense, and that is the ultimate folly.
Any apparent contradictions that you might find in these teachings, in this religion,
are precisely what allow it to operate.
Ah...
Life itself is contradictory.
It prolongs itself for the most ridiculous reasons.
It fuels its own turmoil.
Contrariness is the one trait common to all the gods and all their creations.
The immutable rule is that for every nanosecond of pleasure and joy that the gods grant you,
there will, of necessity, be an equal and opposite nanosecond of pain.
There is no way to escape this fact of the universe.
However, through Bob, you can learn to amplify the pleasure energies,
and to turn down the volume, we might say, on the pain as sensed and as reflected by you.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
I exist because the world's in my...
In my telephone, yes.
Well, actually, the church only exists because we have the paperwork on it right here.
Do you want the church to close me up?
Thank you.
My mouth works, therefore I am.
Well, I think I'm going to go out and stoke up the old wood fire.
I'll be back in just a few minutes with some tips on your future...
Yeah, let's be putting on some bogus live stuff and go out on the roof, boy.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Kiln fired an edible 25-year-old.
It's a 24-calorie silver.
Mm-mm, wish I was there now.
Never, never before in human history has the Pope, McKinley, Hardy, Coolidge, Dobbs, Mint,
not a U.S. government body, commissioned such a rarity.
Delicious and crackling with a cooked skin of prepared edible material.
I think about it.
I think about it.
I think I'll have one right now.
Well, I'll bet you have.
And they grow into the same kind of animal as I do.
He says he knows you, Doctor.
Well, let's tune in on the monitor over here and see exactly who that is that's calling.
Can you see me?
Yes.
Yes, we see you and it's disgusting.
And I'm bringing the mirror close to my nose.
Oh, it's great, Doctor.
Do you know who you're listening to?
Yes.
Which is the new voice?
People like your mother and father.
The new voice is the last voice that I heard.
Have human babies.
That does make sense.
There's the new voice again.
Must be one of those sub-dini hierarchical figures.
He knows all the passwords and the secret jokes, so let's send him a new cartoon by
Stang and Stanley.
Which one?
Which one?
It's either, I think it's, I'm going to take a wild guess.
It's Pope Meyer.
Pope Meyer.







That's pretty wild.
That's pretty wild.
That does seem wild.
South, south, go south.
Go south, go south.
It's Terry Thornley.
No, not, farther south.
Farther south.
Farther south.
Farther south and out of the country.
Oh, it's Robert Vesco?
Yes.
For the info.
You know, the same old people.
Go to the London Grill.
We'll be doing our show from there.
You will?
Yeah.
You'll be on Friday night?
Your show's going to be from there?
Yeah, it's going to be from the London Grill in Santa Cruz on Friday night.
It's going to be a remote.
It's really a walk-through.
It's a remote.


I'll guarantee you find the London Grill in Santa Cruz and we will be broadcasting
from there on Friday night.
Then don't you do anything but bow your head and kiss your penny that you even know about
it.
You got the little white stuff you put on your nose so it doesn't chip in?
Are you people pro-capital punishment?
That's the white stuff you put in your nose.
I want the white stuff you put on your nose.
No, I asked if you were pro-capital punishment or amateur capital punishment.
We're amateur capital punishment.

I'm not pro-capital punishment or kill me.
Do you think capitals ought to be punished, Dr. Kebrogsram?
Well, you can always get your parents to call in.
Miniature puterine reproductions authenticated by the Royal Court at The Hague and sent to
you in moisture-resistant styrofoam chests of the front door letter slots of the subgenius
36 most beloved characters.
Don't blow into the microphone, young man, if you wish to receive a beautiful hug and
figurine.
It's Candy Frappi.
It's Frappi Candy.
Stop.
Eh?
You're both right.
Introducing new Candy Frappi Frappi Candy.
It's Candy Frappi.
It has stripes and stripes and stripes of colors, colors, colors, colors, and colors.
Colors that go below infrared and way above ultraviolet.
And the taste?
Yeah, you're Frappi Candy.
Candy Frappi.
Well, I can see these two don't need any words or worms for several days now, I should say,
I think.
So don't forget, that's new Candy Frappi Frappi Candy.
Now with extra dimension Love Hamster 16.
Habitual not included.
Tell Jeff and all your Acer friends this one's the beans for maximum best fun.
Candy Frappi Frappi Candy from Squid Go.
The go-be-boppy.
people.
I'm Dr. Zhivago. Yes, a special Blue Ribbon
advisory panel will ensure that the Foundation's Council
is certificated and inscribed insignia as approved
by Dobbs, Master of Heralds, before the
application deadline. No way.
So the potential guests on this show...
Well, we are the potential guests. So wait a minute.
What we've got to do is concentrate on those potential guests,
and you can stay with us for right now.
Now, Doctor, I think we should return to the basic finances
of the Church, and just who owns the Church, and what we can do
with what's left of the Church. Right.
Well, Ivan's staying no longer owns the Church.
Bob still has the Foundation, but we've got papers on there.
Hold on here. Hold on. Wait a minute.
What we also can talk about, of course, is
what we can do with the Church now that
what's left is still here, and breathing.
Well, we could give it away, or we could
just let someone take the Church for a spin.
See, what I think is, people don't realize that the Church
takes two rooms to keep and grow
in your house. At least two. And the maintenance
involved takes up most of the week anyway.
And it does not run on unleaded. I'm sorry.
So...
You want the Church. If you don't have
at least two good-sized rooms in your house...
Yes, at least two good-sized rooms, and
a lot of money.
And a lot of... And neighbors that don't mind
Wotan showing up in the middle of the night.
Right, and you need stamps and gummage.
Get the idea?
Or kill me!
Or kill me!
Now!
And the guy, it got to the point where
the guy he was bothering pulled out
a .32 and let him have it.
And at which point
the bullet hit him square in the chest
and went through his lung
and came out his back.
But instead of
falling on the ground,
he walked back in the bar and ordered a drink.
Get the idea?
Or kill me!
Now! Now!
Let's have a body count!
Let's have a body count!
None dead, it's a miracle!
Friends, it's a miracle!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Pretty intense sequence there.
From the KPFA subgenius show.
Wait a minute, what's coming up?
Yes, lots of stamps and gummage.
Yeah, lots of stamps and gummage.
Puzzling evidence subgenius show there.
More than an hour less than a show
from KPFA in Berkeley.
Starring Dr. Howell,
Puzzling Evidence,
and on this particular show,
Gary Brogfran and G. Gordon Gordon.
And I don't know who else
because it's
it's that other show.
This particular show,
is of course the subgenius radio ministry,
Hour of Slack.
Ah, yes.
Preaching the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs
rather unexpectedly on the radio here tonight.
Filling in for what would normally be
an hour of Celtic music.
And instead,
while those poor folks are having to listen
to the preachings of
that man J.R. Bob Dobbs,
you're actually, well, you never hear his voice.
All right.
He sounds a little like Paul Freese,
the announcer.
But the preachers,
Bob the trance,
dictates of his message,
the original early apostles.
Ah, yes.
Of that man.
Who was it we were talking about?
What was that religion?
Dawn, praise Dawn.
Was that what they were saying?
I don't know.
It doesn't really matter.
But I should mention to you loving Christians
out there who want to kill us,
look, we're for peaceful coexistence.
You worship a dead guy on a stick,
we worship a chopped off head
that gets hit with a stick.
Isn't that enough common ground?
I mean, we're not really that far apart
if you think about it.
You've got your vindictive crybaby,
busybody, schoolmarm, prig Jesus.
We've got our fighting Jesus
and our weird Jesus
and our quarterback Jesus.
And Jesus and a whole bunch more besides.
And Jesus is just like Bob.
They don't want to kill anybody,
but merely to lead them.
As shepherds lead their flocks,
fattening them,
ha ha, yes, for the harvest.
You don't want you to believe in them.
Because they don't want you to know
what they're doing to you.
And that's exactly why we do
believe in those particular gods, friends.
Because somebody has to fight back
to defy or at least try to negotiate
with these gods, these dark, dark gods.
On the other hand, you know,
every time they're mentioned,
they become more powerful.
And here we are spreading their names
far and wide, happily as can be.
I don't know, maybe we shouldn't have brought this up.
Uh...
But whatever you do, kids,
just don't lift up that trap door
and chant, uh, chant
Yog-sa-thoth three times.
Flood happened, I always said.
Help me now.
That one time.
Right to dear Dr. Animal...
Back when we were running, buddy.
I remember old Madoff.
He was quite a swinger.
He sure could tenderize my meat, though.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pass me some of that coffee.
Yeah, I need some of that coffee.
Pass me some of that coffee over here.
Hey, would someone hand me a gun, please?
Sure, here.
Here, here.
Thanks, thanks.
Aren't you down just a little bit
right out there?
Here's what there?
It's rather light out there.
Yes, it's rather 530.
...fire from the submarine
or even from across the ocean.
Gives no warning.
You have a few seconds
to take cover.
Ah, yep.
Before the heavy shock wave...
And the war's going on,
and right now, Ivan and Hal
have gone forward,
and they're firing rifles
into the street,
trying to scare away...
...heavy piece of furniture available.
Oops, sorry, yeah.




Well, if none is available...
They're spilling the really hot coffee
on the people trying to stop us
from getting to our cars
at the end of the show.
...along the side of the wall
and out of the window
to avoid flying glass.
Yeah, the little listeners out there
who've now stopped listening
or calling because they see
that we're calling,
all of our friends.
...and cover your cranium
with their own boots.
...pain.
We did try to call...
...pain is right.
We tried to call Cleve Duncan
to find out his real name,
and we called Sterno,
and he got blown up,
and then Buck hung up on us,
and you were next.
...Cleve Duncan's real name.
What?


Alfred E. Newman.
Oh, yo!
What does the E stand for?
What does the E really stand for
in that?
E equals M C squared.
Newman?
Newman.
Alfred E equals M C squared.
That's Newman's line.
Newman.
The Newman.
Not the old Newman.
Yes, it's always Newman.
Cleve Newman.
Uh-oh, the show silliness
has washed over in here.
Wee, wee, wee,
wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee...
Let me go.
I don't know.
I think I'm a lasagna.
You're a lasagna.


Cicada, and...
No, I don't think so.
...Linguine, and...
What about pasta?
I think the medicine is taking effect now.
Yeah, it's now encoding.
...Twenty cc's of pure methyl-libri-coat.
The glazed.
I'm not using that stuff again.
Glazed.

I'll take two of the glazed
and the cream-filled eclair.
Hey, we'll meet you over at
Scooby and Izzy's
Dr. Drum is now smoking...
...the esophageal capital.
...an essence of pure human soul.
This is how a subgenius minister
begins his day.
There goes that soul.
With one swift excision,
the soul is plumped

into a gleaming porcelain laboratory pan.
Now I feel real again.
The skull is kept as a trophy.
And the body is added to the munch.
It's worn around your neck.
You still wearing that skull?
It's one of my most prized possessions.
Oh, another little collar.
Something my boyfriends will want
and my girlfriends will secretly admire.
We're trying to push away the skulls in the spring.
Yep.
These skull farmers have brought you the finest skulls
in a long tradition of service.
If you want, give Robert service.
And if you don't believe that, I got a bridge to sell you.
Missouri skull farmers.
You know these kids nowadays can't farm a skull worth a hoot.
You gotta hold that skull down before you water it up.
You just gotta hole a hole and drop it in and farm it up.
You gotta actually get down in that furrow
and make physical love to the earth in order to seed it.
And then look what a nervous beast.
The children of the hyena.
Dangerous teeth.
Oh, I'm sorry that Philo Drummond wasn't here
when we were squeezing earlier
because I'm sure his sheer force would have helped the show
work behind it better.
You gotta hold that thing down.
You gotta hold that thing down.
Listen at them drums.
I'm the battle of the, I'm the battle of the,
I'm the battle of the, I'm the battle of the.
Well, I had a fight with my baby.
She just didn't understand.
So I left that old homestead.
Sit down.
I'm there for a foreign land.
Four cats out in the stormy sea.
I said, man, oh man, here's the enemy.
Listen at them drums.
Yeah, listen at them drums.
I just knew that I wasn't gonna.
But then in my final prayer,
I was topped up high and dry
on an island from nowhere.
The sand was cool, kind of soft at night.
I said, that's my soul.
I'm in paradise.
Listen at them drums.
Yeah, listen at them drums.

Listen at them drums.
Listen at them drums.
Then an owl went by my noggin.
Psst, I flipped over quick to see.
Made it caps with foes and fear.
That owl was meant for me.
In perfect English, the leader said.
Pardon me, old chap.
I must have your head.
Ain't hunting.
Please leave me alone.
I said, ain't hunting.
Please leave me alone.
I had a baby calling.
And I gotta go home.
Listen at them drums.
Listen at them drums.

Well, they tied me up to a palm tree.
And they started to dance around.
To the beat of a conga drum.
What a welcome, familiar sound.
It's then that I lost all my self control.
When I saw the head hunters do the rock and roll.
Listen at them drums.
Listen at them drums.
Well, I told myself from the palm tree.
I gave out with a wailing.
song. Them niggas got all shook up, cause I soon had them rockin' along. The leader clapped his hands and said,
Man, we dig you the most, now you can keep it in your head. Headhunters, please leave me alone. I said, Headhunters, please leave me alone.
Cause my baby need me, and I'm on my way home.
Uh, yes. Bored, confused, lonely, unloved. Weird? Bad? Not exactly a team player. Had enough? Have a nice day?
Tired of all that touchy-feely cosmic sweetness and light crap?
Do you get nearly irresistible urges to pound spikes into the eyes of namby-pamby gibbering religious nuts?
Do you hate everybody? Always known that there was something going on that they won't tell you about?
Do you find yourself wondering if existence is relevant? If God believes in you? If it's normal to be normal?
If reality should be what it is? If it's wrong to be happy? If health is a sin?
Do impure thoughts literally assail your being?
Are you more than ready to confront the dark side of your personality?
Are you constantly feeling the urgent need to abandon your hold on everything?
rational and indulge your abnormality?
Ever wanted to have crazed sex
with beautiful alien beings? Then this
may be for you. Or
do you think reason
can get you out of this holy hole
that your butt was dropped into? Are you driven to
cling in desperation to brittle shards of false
stability offered up by the artificial structure which
invisible institutions have imposed upon reality to
manipulate our lives?
When cold emotional trauma intrudes across
the backwash of your dreary life, does logic
that cold unforgiving language serve as your only solace?
Explaining the
vagaries of your otherwise inexplicable existence?
Driven, in short, to the very brink of
sanity by the conspiracy's false reality and the pressures of a
crumbling world? Then you may be in for a hell of a
pratfall on a cosmic banana peel. Slack
off while you still know how! Time is running
out!
They've already rounded
us up like cattle, herded us into forced slave labor camps and replaced our names with
urine test result numbers only most of us didn't notice because at the end of the day they
still let us clock out, go home to our cell blocks and punch in again for a few minutes
of quality time with the spouse and kiddies or the drugs and TV or all four. The takeover,
the domestication we believe they call it, happened so gradually, so quietly and so thoroughly,

that even if you happen to know who Bob Dobbs is, you might not really care. Of course,
there's considerable pressure on you from all sides, keeping you from caring whether
you care or not, and it's so much easier to just quit fighting it and do nothing but stand
there supporting that weight, rather than, uh, staggering around looking like an idiot
but at least trying to get out from under it. Ah, you're used to it, you can take it,
it's a living. You'll just go on about your own life and try to get over it if you want,


job doing as you're told getting along playing the game making the best of it why not nothing's left
elvis is dead john holmes is dead hendrix is dead the marlboro man has cancer love and kindness are
purchased commodities even the gay baby whales are endorsing big oil companies rock and roll is a
beer commercial punk is a hairstyle all the starving people in the world want back what they
think you took but you're supposed to work like a dog just to keep what you probably only think you
have you can't even die legally you can run but you can't hide ronald mcdonald and oliver north
are cultural heroes narco gusak bleats from every corner the beaver grew up and married his mom what
in creeping hell is going on the cop computer
are syncing up for the home stretch crackdown on all weirdness before 1998 you can't even tell a
damn joke anymore without some normality squad thought cop whining down your neck it's the new
hip puritans the scum lords the stud puppy p-boys frat brats the very cream of the crap that is the
failed genetic cesspool of doomed humanity and yet even while they
suck
shave off your wild hairs you find yourself reflexively thanking them for that spiritual
castration the amputation of your abnormality gland hey you paid good money and time for him
to do it you're damn well gonna enjoy it right well there is a hell all right friend and you're
already in it of course this is only the top floor of hell the easy part you know the hell
where you don't even know you're in
hell yet where when the demons start trying to tell you where you are you
think they're comedians doing satires
but everybody knows that you say oh yeah sure what's the difference everybody
knows and it's all this a bunch of a life's of b.tch and then you die to vo you've got it pal it's
It's one big treadmill to nowhere, a cancer-ridden rat race around a sinking ship, a big-screen
corporate technicolored daisy chain.
You'll marry some bland, dependable entity and bear a brood of snot-faced, drug-snorting
brats who can't believe what a doddering dullard you are and can't wait to leave or kill you
as you sit there exhausted and trembling, sweating blood and staring at some mediocre
TV show, pondering your brain-wrenching degree of debt, desperately trying to drink yourself
into a stupor, wondering what the hell happened.
Well, by all means, go ahead, pal.
It's your soul.
We're getting pretty damn sick and tired of this crap ourselves, the way we were raised.
When habit be slaved.
Normalcy dupes start taking away your slack with their pro-social, fascio, humanist, whip-training
hammerlock systems and selling it back to you at a profit.
That's when the elect know to crank up the device and start splattering.
The normals, smug yuppies and po-bucker nutsies who are seemingly shopping in a blissful, self-sustained
ignorance.
All around you actually form a vast conspiracy against you.
It wouldn't be quite so bad if this conspiracy was trying to sell your soul only to the devil.
But they're bargaining with the anti-Satan, too.
And the stakes keep getting higher by the minute as X-Day approaches.
The big nosedive is already in progress and we'll all be needing shoots if we plan to
bail out in time.
We've reached the juncture in history.
At which two opposite, previously impossible things have suddenly become technologically
feasible.
The destruction of all higher life on Earth or infinite slack for everyone forever.
We can only pray that these are two different things.
However, it's never too early to start being bitterly pessimistic.
Unfortunately, belief in some old man in the clouds or a big Disneyland in the hereafter will never be the same.

It's not just a matter of time before you can finally get out of this wicked, wicked world.
Will you be ready?
Will you have an out when the whole thing blows?
Be not disheartened.
For there exists an underground resistance force.
An army of idiopathic deviates and angry mutations ready to help you lash out.
Pretending to obey the rules of the world.
They will obey by day like gorillas in a zoo.
But gorilla fighters by night and by coffee break.
These freedom fighters won't sell their obedience for nice cars, VCRs, furlough vacation trips,
or fantasy entertainment.
Nor will they trade it for a warm cage and three squares a day.
Nay, nay, my friend.
They continue to fight.
Or what was taken away will be taken away.

Only when they were born.
They're slack.
Thought slack.
Sex slack.
Medicinal slack.
All the slack.
Freedom of speech.
Freedom from work.
Freedom of religion.
Yes, our religion. Only our religion.
While the obedient Christians are content to drink the symbolic blood of their quitter god at the altar,
our warrior priests demand the real thing.
And guess whose blood it is.
Oh, they call us fascists when we say things like that.
And they're perfectly right.
The conspiracy has hogged fascism for too long.
We're taking it back.
For the people.
Where it belongs.
The fascism for the people.
Fascism for the individual.
Join the party that is the rejection of all parties.
Patriopsychotic anarcho-materialism.
Every yard a queendom or kingdom.
Every child and dog a serf.
Every dad a duche.
And every dinner on time.
Abandon the corporate nation states and shop black market only.
It's cheaper.
Even the Ministry of Internal Affairs.
I don't mind.



Ah, let's face it, dear friends.
In an age when American corpo-merger capitalism,
which is pretty much the same thing as the ol' communist party these days,
is in a blinding, dizzying tailspin,
the time is obviously ripe for a new faith!
A new paradigm!
A new prophet!
One whose methods actually parallel
parallel and parasitized the monolithic econoculture of the West, a religion based on pure capitalism,
on the divine logic of supply and demand, but unfettered by conspiracy-implanted neuroses
about what will sell.
As J.R. Bob Dob said, offer it and they will buy.
That religion is the church of the subgenius and that prophet, J.R. Bob Dob's avatar of
slack, immaculator of the age.
Praise Bob, his 999 system is here, born into this planet in the very nick of time as an
equal opportunity, sin-as-sack religion for strange people, now a go-go mutant and descended
masters.
The newest post-ism-ism of tomorrow.
The next to last movement ever, superseding all previous religious, scientific, political
and artistic movements.
Not theology, no sir ma'am, but the irony of vast improvisational spasmodic anti-social
movement, whose definitively diverse members have in common only the quest for their own
personal slack.
Slack.
Slack.


The state in which you need nothing because you haven't already.
And Bob brings slack without guilt, friends.
Because you'll pay for it with no questions asked.
Ah, yes.
Praise Bob.

Yeah, he knew all the plot twists they were trying to grasp.
Think you didn't elaborate on the exact sequence?
Nah, I covered it.


I've gotanut!

It'slenya that's teeth!
I improved me little here!
The entire planet is in danger.
You just go ahead and do it, Mr. Subgenius.
Oh, we're in it as deep as you.
We took money for it.
We know our souls are damned.
Not much we can do now but try to stay so fropped up we don't think about it.
Yeah.
I frankly suggest, friend, that you may be in it too deep to do otherwise yourself.
Pathetic Bobby.
You're Bobby, ain't you?
Thought you'd be cool.
Thought you'd get in with the cool guys.
Thought you'd live away.
We're laughing at you, boy.
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B
B-O-B

B-O-B
B-O-B
Watch in front of us blurs and distorts time.
Soon we will be deep in a hypnotic trance.
What wonders will we see?
Hey kids, get some money out of your parents' wallet and send it to Bob.
Here.
Pull the lever, and you go.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the hour of slack.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs,
living avatar of slack, and saint of saints on planet Earth.
You have to love Bob.
He loves you, but you love Bob.
You have to.
Or else what happens if you don't love Bob?
He'll kill you.
He'll bob you out.
We're now deep inside the brain cavity of Doug Smith.
As you can see all around you, they're sparking.
There was a short circuit.
Great.
The brain seems to have recovered.
There are sparking energy thoughts all around us.
Far more than the normal human brain.
But as we know, another misfire there.
We know Doug Smith is not a normal human.
No, and here inside the brain of Doug Smith,
we can observe some of the differences that make this man
a unique leader among men.
Up in here in this corner are the memory bags.
And over here is the main printout area.
It is the Presidency of Greater ancestry,
Hour ofexpansion KNON90 protoyin NINOL
to be a good ...
Radio ministry.

to turn on the machine.
This is video Yerevan.
My name is Franz Ivanovich Hagen,
and this is the news.
Thank you very much.
The world is over now.
You can return to your bed.
Wow!
We're trying.
Well, we're not trying hard enough.
Well, it's certainly great trying.
Send us more money.
Yeah, more money.
How much would you like?
$50,000, would you say that would do it?
Checks in the mail.
All right, thank you.
You're welcome.
Next caller, please.
Go.
We'll put on the automatic Bob Nelson.
We'll put the automatic Bob Nelson on.
Yes, okay.
Where's my thesaurus?
Ricky, Lucy.
Here, Bob, here's your hat.
Put this part on.
Here we go.
Now, get the automatic.
Drive this station down Shattuck Avenue.
We're going to stop.
We haven't got a spare for this program.
We don't have a jack for this program.
We don't even have a hydraulic foil for this program.
We're just going to drive
until this program is over.
This program is going to go and go and go.
Welcome.
I just want to say that Bob absolutely saved my life,
and I'm so glad you're there.
And I'm present at the Bill of Rights Club at Camp O'Fay Radio,
so I'm going to write him a letter
and tell him that you just aren't being treated like,
like, like the good people you are.
Goodbye.
Thanks a lot, Mom, for calling and showing.
And everything.
Some of the mind control gone out of control.
Some of the most basic things.
They handed me this jar and said my brain was in it,
and then when the police came, they poured it down the sink.
He's been down to Bob's new subgenius.
Well, what can we do for you, caller?
Have you come to sing, entertain us,
or do you have a parting question?
I thought this weird thing, you see.
You know how people often get reincarnated
into this material plane, no matter how hard they try?
Yeah, yeah, man.
I must have committed suicide 300 times,
and I keep ending up in the same lifetime
in a slightly different observational universe.
And I...
Wow.
I have to talk to you guys because...
Yeah, man, that's really heavy.
Yeah, it's deeper than I can handle.
Whoa, just sling on us, man.
I keep being born on October 21st, 1952,
and I end up going through the same lifetime...
Oh, well, okay, your problem is you got a bad case of the 50s.
I've seen it.
That grassy knoll just went around the country shooting people.
There were 10 people there shooting that looked just like Terry Thornley.
Got it, dead center.
Terry Thornley!
No!
No!
Terry Thornley!
Yes, he was the guest that scared everybody.
Even the other...
No, no, no!
Even the other stations were scared by Terry Thornley.
Oh, my God.
Is he going to be at your convention?
Oh, yes.
Oh, good.
And here he is now, Gary Gibrofram,
a little Doug Smith in the PE class.
No, no, my name is Welton.
Here they are doing push-ups in the shower.
There's no water coming out of these showers, Doug.
Just this funny smell of gas.
No, no, no.
Don't worry about those.
That's the P of V.
That's not water coming out of those showers.
Wait, how the water affects...
That's church air.
Yeah, funny thing.
Really tough hombre.
Don't forget to use your drift meter.
The music has gone and the mucus is up.
Oh.
Oh, no.
Hello.
We're really testing callers this morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Are you man or woman enough to take the church?
Yes.
As a matter of fact,
we're planning the overthrow of the convention.
Ah, that's what we like to hear.
That's what we hear.
A true...
Yes, yes.
It's a kill ball.
Are there any secrets you can share with us at this time
about how you'll be taking over the convention?
A bloodless coup.
Yeah, by doing something so completely unpredictable
it will totally blow...
Oh, he's in the P-Dawg, Poop-Dawg school of...
I can't believe it.
The convenience whipping the dead dog with siloes.
Yes, you see, I even wrote it.
I even wrote it in Dallas
and said how predictable even the show has become.
It's James Joyce Nelson.
He's doing a monologue, an internal...
We can hear Nelson thinking.
Listen.
Well, at least there's no babies.
Let's get out of here before the babies
throw up the room with that poopy stuff.
Oh, those stinking babies.
Changing diapers.
Well, if we walk out the door,
the callers are going to call
and we can't let Nelson have a call.
Right, you'll just have to stay there all night.
Yeah, well, only for another six and a half hours, actually.
Meanwhile, they are yours, too.
You can now inspect in the privacy of your own home,
shop, office, den for 20 years
or express permission already withdrawn
by the Polk, McKinley, Harding, Dobbs, Coolidge men.
They only may authorize stamp your application
with its own seal.
Looks easy, doesn't it?
But it won't come off.
Yeah, exactly.
We were ripe the day we started this thing.
Yes, that's why the shop only has ripe.
You're dirty.
You're right.
Well, I've listened to Over the Edge
and I've had my callousness reinforced
and brutalization therapy advanced
to a higher possible state.
Well, what portion of Over the Edge
really serves the life?
Get you out of the 50s.
Don't worry about it.
This is the enlightened quarter of the hour.
Yes.
It is hard to deal with shows.
We're going to be on until it dries out.
Or kill me!
Or kill me!
I wish we could.
We all do wallow in our intellectual competence.
Doug shorted the show out
and spent the whole thing in one little three-second buzz.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to use up all of our tangible effects.
We do there until you fall asleep.
When you fall asleep,
that means we're off the air.
Towards the end of these shows, yeah.
When you quit listening to us,
we'll no longer be there.
You have to.
We have to make the primordial matter of nature
stand up and salute.
Do you think this was our idea?
I just don't know what to say.
We just wanted to do a funny show.
Oh, they were broken up.
See, they'll get together
and that's why they'll cease to exist in April.
Ah, okay.
We're talking about literally cease to exist.
Yeah, we're talking about flame out, you know?
Ionization of most of the molecules involved.
No dirty vreedies.
Ball of fire in the studio.
So did I win the figurine or what?
Yes.
You're going to get a figurine
that lights up the world.

It lights up, revolves,
and dispenses free chowder.
Our miniature craftsmen have designed,
cast, struck, etched, forged,
and finished these authentic replications
not available in any store,
even on this radio station
before their commission,
literally without regard for any quality.
They come with their own adoption papers
and you can bring them into their own home.
Here you come, you're crazy.
Ah, but now my special arranger
can be Postmaster General Grom.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Yes, and we're leaving now.
No, we're not, really.
We just have to say that for the tape.
Uh, yes.
And you know, you can get information
about this church
whose show you've been listening to.
Get that pencil ready.
Just write to Bob at Post Office Box
140306
Dallas, Texas.
