Well, it seems to be so since this world first began
That some men are willing to scheme and a plan
To gouge out a fortune from the poor working man
For example, the subgenius, our old swat
But the answer is simple, the answer is clear
We'll all get together with nothing to fear
And throw the old bastard right out on his ear
Farewell to the subgenius, our old swat
Swat
From PR News in Washington, I'm unfair and discriminatory.
An 81-year-old woman is separated from her parents between mid-April and the end of that story.
Speaking at the White House, a 9-year-old girl died after a concrete Trump
collapse.
She was walking by.
The United States will be a migrant camp
And it will be a refugee holding facility.
Russia's foreign ministries talk mostly about the schedule of PR News in the near future.
Crisis 1.2, 1.6, 2.1, 6.1, 65.85, 1.65
Japanese officials say you're listening to PR News in Washington.
H. L. Ron P.
There are Texans.
It's wonderful.
They just, they are very...
They love to get right...
Get on top of everything.
Misogynated breed or misogynized or whatever they call it.
It's like a monkey humping a football.
When they have an inbreeding too much.
It's like...
A monkey humping a football.
A Texan likes to just crawl on top of something and wreck it for everybody else and cost
everybody a whole lot of money and just be loud, loud, loud.
The basis of the church of the subgenius, the product of a perverted or a few perverted
Texans' minds.
Read, if you will, this...
Are you calling K.R. Bob Dobbs the perverted?
...from humping the football.
Bob actually is not a Texan.
Well, I'm not supposed to be that specific as to what he is or isn't.
But he is a Midwesterner.
He would...
To a Yankee, I suppose, somebody might mistake Bob for a Texan because of his Midwestern accent.
Well, what about perhaps a Skanky or a Nor'easter or one of those other platelets that you find?
Oh, they probably think he's a Russian communist.
Well, he is, isn't he, in some strange way we've yet to discern?
Bob only believes it.
But everyone should be equally rich, not equally poor.
But without working.
There lies the rub, and he'd like to rub your little round belly.
Ah, he can rub the Buddha's belly any time he wants, but he better stay away from my...
Rubbed by Bob?
You've been screwed by George and ticked off by Tipper.
Ain't it about time to just bend over and pull out that wallet for J.R. Bob Dobbs, the
one true savior?
I'm not talking about the Messiah and holy man.
You know, when the pinks interview me on TV about Bob, I always say, oh no, he's not the

It's luster now, Stan.
Oh, he's not that welcome.
You know, I joke about it.
But the truth is, J.R. Bob Dobbs, a living man whose business is in Texas, is the God
walking on Earth now.
He is not just the son of God, he is God.
Bob Dobbs.

Not some silly internet character named Bob, but J.R. Bob Dobbs himself, that man Bob,
whose first certificate I've seen, who I saw shot and killed on that stage in Texas.
He is God!
And this Christmas we celebrate the birth of his business manager, Jesus.
Praise Jesus.
Jesus is almost as great as Bob, friends.
Jesus Christ.
In my religion, that's the way we...
We believe he is a prophet.
A prophet.
And the son of God.
Remember the first time that I danced with Bob?
But Bob himself...
It was January 12, 1942.
...changed God's diapers.
You'll know you've made it when your name is put into a crossword puzzle.
It has to be a good feeling knowing that number three down is you, and it's the first puzzle
you've ever solved yourself.
Turns out, the next day, you were the only one that solved the puzzle.
Apparently, you were so obscure that only you and your paid whores knew you existed.
Therefore, the only four-letter word that fits for numbers to read down is dork.
If you arrange everything else wrong, you still lose.
You're still you, with more than the fucking puzzle, too.
So...
I...
Dprogram

DDAistemum.

No.
Who the fuck do you think I am?
What are you fries around?
I don't even need that.
Who do you want to be today? Do you want to be just like someone on TV?
Oh boy, it is so terrible, it's like a dreadful scene
Nothing could be worse than when there's nothing on TV
I'd rather be a cowboy than just a blank out the walls
I've been reborn so many times I can't remember them all
And I say, who do you want to be today? Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today? Do you want to be just like someone on TV?
Just like somebody on TV
I think I'll be a teddy boy
I think I'll be a teddy boy
I think I'll be a hunk
I think I'll be a tough guy
And I think I'll be a punk
I might just be a fashion star
All dressed in pretty rags
With my hands across the other side
And walk around in drag
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
Do you want to be just like someone on TV?
Just like somebody on TV
I think I'll be just like someone on TV
Just like nasty kids
Just like a picture of you


Just like a picture of you
Just like a picture of me





Than the crowds


Anyways




Well, not them
They like the man



Do you like to live just like a rock in the middle of the sea?
Do you want to suffer by yourself in a pool of blissful misery?
Do you feel like a saint in artist's clothes with a rosary in your hand?
Do you want to be crazy like Bando, like a stranger in a strange, strange land?
Would you rather push the buttons and be feared by all humanity?
Or perhaps you'd like to be a bum?
Do you want to be stupid just like me?
Who do you want to be today?
Do you want to be just like someone on TV?
Just like somebody on TV?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be today?
Who do you want to be?
Who do you want to be today?
WHO DO YOU WANT TO BE?
Just another show...
Just another show...
It's just another show...
Um...
I can't get this...
Everything turns into an Oingo Boingo song now...
Oh, I know...
I know...
Princess Weed and I dug out these Oingo Boingo albums from the 80s.
I hadn't listened to in 30 years, but I listened to them constantly back then.
And I remember every lyric.
It all came back to me.
And now every time anybody says even two words in a row that also appear in an Oingo Boingo song,
that whole song becomes that day's brain worm.
Yes.
It's awful.
And I didn't listen to them the way that he did, but I've been listening to them now.
And they're so good.
They're so good.
I'm just soaking in it and I can't stop listening to it and thinking about it and loving it.
Well, don't.
I'm not.
I'm loving it.
We're so good.
They're still good.
They're still good to me.
I'm making movie soundtracks that still all sound the same.
If you think about it, every Oingo Boingo song is every Oingo Boingo song.
And every Danny Elfman movie score is every Danny Elfman movie score.
No, they're different from each other.
Yeah, the notes are different.
They're in different.
They're in different places, but everything else is the same.
That's okay.
Back in the day, it made them very easy.
That's what you do.
You're mean.
No, that's what you do.
No, they were known for being like that.
Having every song sound the same.
That was the phrase.
Sounds like Oingo Boingo to me.
You could say that about any band.
Think how many bands sound like the Rolling Stones now.
Yeah.
I mean, there's been, or the Beatles or whatnot.
There's been lots of times when I was driving around with my teenage kids.
This was 20 years ago.
And some song would come on the radio and I go, what?
The Stones have a new album out?
And they go, dad, God, that's, you know, Greenween or whatever.
They, they, some other band logo band.
And I was like, but the singer sounds just exactly like Mick Jagger.
And the guitar playing sounds exactly like Keith Richards and the whole structure.
It's it.
What?
No, dad, the Rolling Stones are old and stupid.
This sounds exactly the same, but this is new and cool.
Oh, I've noticed that as well.
Oh, there you go.
There you go.
Formula.
Formula.
Decade to decade formula.
This is brand new because nobody remembers it from.
Well, you would think they'd go, wow, that sounds like grandpa's music.
Maybe they like it because of that.
I don't know.
It's weird.
Creepy, kooky.
You don't like mom and pop's music, but you like grandpa's music.
Right.
Grandma and grandpa's music was cool and weird.
Mom and dad's music.
Oh God.
How pink.
Got to skip a generation to be cool.
Yeah.
That's a generation.
Each generation.
That means our, my grandsons, our grandsons, they'll be super into Hendrix and the Ramones and stuff and my daughter and my son.
Yeah.
And the in-law sons and daughters will all go, that's music.
That's not even music.
That sounds like caterwauling dying people.
What do you, how can you listen?
Caterwauling.
That's what my dad said about Jimi Hendrix.
Said caterwauling dead people?
Dying people.
Dying people.
Yeah.
You gotta be dead.
Almost dead.
Right.
You gotta be dead.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Oh, yes, dear friends, we heard Lee Murr, titles and news, Einstein's secret orchestra radio from the Cretaceous, a quick Sheridan puzzle, and then something squeezed out of a previous show.
This is not a rerun.
Indeed, we'll be playing lots of bands you've never heard before.
Almost all of them are friends of mine, and not by chance, because I heeded Bob's suggestion and joined the Church of the Subgenius.
Because of that, I have a lot of really interesting and talented friends, and you can too.
Sure, some of them can be difficult.
At least some of them say that about each other.
But with rare, if it's really dramatic, exceptions, they haven't been difficult for me.
You expect subgeniuses to be unexpected sometimes.
That's what's so fun about them.
Here's one by Cult of Zier, spelled Z-I-R, Cult of Zier.
A song called Five July.
Five July.
Oh, wait, no.
No, because it's probably about X-Day, among other things.
Let's first listen to some X-Day-flavored old ESO swamp radio,
Professor Chaz Smith's show on WCSB Cleveland, in the day,
with the lonesome cowboy,
All Flesh is Grass.
Then, Cult of Zier.
The innocent metal snakes crawled over me.
I could only think of you, Jeffrey.
It was that long summer in Borigo.
Out South Carolina, I remember the very best.
You called Dad, asking for a quick reminder about the heroin shipment.
Grandmother had her eyes removed, and there was sorrow and suffering throughout the family.
And yet, you, with your long loins and classical phallus, came and conquered old Mom in the name of darbs.
A long-loined man he was, too.
Darb.
Darb.
But we had to leave him and all the others behind.
Because they did not have faith in their hearts.
No, they chose to follow their minds instead.
To follow so-called common sense.
Yes, dear friends, some may call it quite common.
I hated to concur with you there, Monthers, but I could see that the sides of your heads, your flanks, as we call them, were starting to radiate.
Ah, my old flanks.
Start doing that, you know, when I get the feeling of power and the slack and the smoke and this fine, fine crack.
Ah, yes, that's what has given me strength.
Yes, at quadruple X day, the crowds, the masses will all rise up, raise their hands up and sing,
All flesh is like grass.
They shall raise their feet and scream,
All flesh is tastier than grass.
And it glitters.
Lemongrass can be used with practically any vegetable, fruit, fowl, or fuels, fuels, fuels.
And a new barb odor will rise up.
And a new, newbile repertory will sing behind him and say,
Then all is flesh, as is the grass.
Froppit, froppit, froppit, froppit, froppit, froppit.
Froppit, froppit, froppit, froppit.
I felt, at that time, very rising, kind of disoriented.
My legs, they are looking cool.
Disoriented, and they wanted, wanted, wanted, wanted.
They think of it like anything wrong, I would not break a law.
Disoriented, disoriented, disoriented,
Ohh, you are liking it?
I would not break it, I have been breaking it a lot,
Ah, are you liking?


And believing
Yes
And believing
Yes
Why did you lie?
Pack a bag and say goodbye
All the fools that didn't treat you right
The unanointed will be left behind
Sailor, we'll go so far away
To distant shores so far beyond
That place behind the sun we can't see
How long has it been since we went to sleep
Brand new tellies on our tired feet
Why can't we just drift away
Way, way, way, way, way, way
I'll see you 5 July
Pack a bag and say good-bye
To everything that you despise
That puts stain on your mind
And that we're not alone
They've painted to raise a glass in our race mind
Need a barbiturates and cyanide
We're waiting at the punchline, baby
Say the word
It will go so far away
And now you know damn well why
We've spun tangled web to the line
We're waiting at the punchline, baby
We're waiting at the punchline, baby
No time now to debate it
No time now to dwell upon it
No time now, well, a day's yet
Black sheets to the flaming sky
We take time
We take time
We take time
We take time
We take time
To take this lullaby
Back with you
To paradise
This is bad. Okay.
Man!
5 July by Cult of Zero.
A CD called Better Living Through Confirmation Bias.
There's a ton of production in that.
I can tell.
That's a rich, rich mix.
Cult of Zier, spelled Z-I-R,
is mostly Moldg, our buddy in Portland.
Our fridge is decorated by Moldg's
artistical fridge magnets.
Moldg started his own cult, you see,
like a good subgenius.
I'll bet he pees on Bob's head
every Sunday morning.
I'm going to give you 10 rules for profitable self-discrimination.
These are rules of my own making.
They're very homely, some of them,
but they'll be very helpful.
And number one is keep cool when other people get hot.
I know you can agree with that,
but I'm not so sure that you'll always live up to it.
We're inclined, all of us, to get hot
when the other fella gets hot.
Say angry things when the other fella starts saying angry things.
I was in the home of the president
of a big electric power company one evening
when there came a storm,
and he called up one of his head men
to go out to take care of an emergency
that's happened as a result of that storm.
It was on Sunday evening.
The man was gone about two hours,
and when he came back,
he came up on the front porch of the home of this man
and called him out on the porch.
And I never heard a man get such a tongue-lashing
in all my life
as this president of the electric power company gets.
He says,
you blankety-blank-blank,
you think because you're the president of the company,
blankety-blank-blank,
and I'm just as good as you are,
blankety-blank-blank.
Oh, it was terrific.
I only heard one side of the conversation
because there was only one side of it.
One man was doing all the talking,
and one man was doing all the listening.
And after this had been going on for fully three minutes,
the other man ran out of wind
and had nothing more to say.
He was mad, you see,
because they called him out on this stormy night.
I heard the president close the door,
and he came back,
and he just smiled and said,
why, the man was a little bit hot, wasn't he?
That's all he said.
A little bit hot, wasn't he?
I expected any moment
to hear a fist begin to fly over him.
But you see,
there was a man who had risen
to great heights of achievement financially,
and he had done it by self-discipline,
self-discipline in every respect.
And he didn't propose to a law workman
who had been temporarily unbalanced by his anger
to throw him off balance
and make him stoop to that level.
He just didn't propose to have that done.
And you'll notice
when you get into an argument with anyone,
and you're apt to if you don't watch yourself,
that if you just remain silent
while the other fellow's blowing off his top,
he finally gets to the point
where he's got no more top to blow off.
Then if you want to get in a few words of your own,
that's a mighty good place to do it.
It's a mighty fine thing
if the words that you get in
are not the kind of the words you've been hearing.
In other words,
if you say something back kind in return,
it's far better for the other fellow
and far better for you.
It shows you to be the bigger of the two persons.
Now, anybody can get mad and blow his top
because of what somebody does or says,
and that's happening all the time.
But the truly big man,
the man who is in charge of himself,
he doesn't allow anybody
to draw him down to that level of a street brawl
or of an argument in harsh words
unless he wants to do it.
And if he's truly a big man,
he doesn't want to do it.
Number two,
remember there are three sides to all arguments.
You ordinarily think there are two sides to all of them,
but they're not.
There are three.
There's your side,
there's the other fellow's side,
and then there's the right side,
which is usually about in the middle of the two viewpoints.
Remember that when you get into an argument with the other fellow.
Don't assume that he's always at fault.
Maybe you're partly at fault too.
Maybe neither one is totally at fault.
Chances are in all of the arguments I've ever heard,
both parties were partly to blame
in one way or another.
I've never heard an argument
where one party entirely was to blame,
although I suspect there are such arguments at times.
Number three,
never give directives to a subordinate when you're angry.
If the matter is urgent,
then cool off quickly.
Number four,
treat all people as nearly as possible
as if they were rich relatives
from whom you expected to be remembered in their will.
Now that's a good one.
That's a honey.
That is a honey.
If you'll just do that.
Treat all people as if they were rich relatives
from whom you expected to inherit something at their death.
And you can do that.
You know if you had a rich relative
that had a million dollars he was going to leave to you,
you suspected he was going to,
it wouldn't make very much difference what he said or did.
He would never throw you off balance.
You would never talk back to him, would you?
Of course you wouldn't.
It'd be quite silly if you did.
Keeping quiet for a million dollars seems to me
to be a very easy price to pay.
Number five,
look for the seed of an equivalent benefit
in every unpleasant circumstance in which you meet,
no matter what the unpleasant circumstance is.
Make it the point to discipline yourself
so that you look for that seed of an equivalent benefit.
And you start looking in connection with the circumstances
and the circumstances.
Don't wait a week or two
until you've all worked yourself up about it.
Start writing where you stand.
It'll lessen the blow,
it'll lessen the hurt of the wound,
whatever it happens to be,
if you start looking for that seed of an equivalent benefit.
And number six,
learn the almost forgotten art of asking questions
and then listening to the answers
instead of getting the other fellow told off.
It gives you an awful lot of satisfaction
when you're angry to get the other fellow told off.
And the temptation is very great to do that.
I know because I've done that many times.
Don't do it.
Be bigger than that.
Listen to what the other fellow has to say
and then when somebody makes a statement
that you're not sure about,
learn to ask this one question.
It's one of the most important questions in life.
It'll serve more purposes
than any other short question that I can think of.
When somebody makes a statement that you're not sure about
or that you doubt or that you question,
ask a four-word question.
How do you know?
And then wait for an answer.
See him squirm.
Oftentimes there is no answer.
People make wild statements, but they came back up.
And instead of getting into an argument
and making an incident out of the matter
and getting yourself worked up into an argument,
let the other fellow do it his own fast
by putting him over the bell with that question,
how do you know?
I had a clergyman in my class once who was very...
I just don't know exactly how to describe him.
He was a fanatic, you might say, on the subject of religion.
And he was sure that he knew exactly
what was going to happen to me after this.
He said so in no uncertain terms,
not in the class but in a private conversation.
He raved and grinded for quite a little while about it.
And when he got to it, I said,
how do you know, Parsons?
And that really put him over the bar.
He said, that's the way I feel about it.
That's my faith.
I said, well, I don't have...
Belief and faith is one thing,
but having evidence is something else again.
How do you know?
What's going to happen to me at Radon?
I don't know and I doubt that you do.
How do you know?
Well, he never did give me a satisfactory answer.
There are a lot of questions that come up in life.
The connection is that if you ask that one thing,
how do you know you'll find that the other fellow will be off balance
and you don't need to make an instance out of what he says,
you don't need to get mad at what he says.
Seven, never say or do anything
which may influence another person
without first asking yourself this question.
Will it benefit him or hurt him?
And if it will hurt him, don't do it.
Don't say anything or do anything
that would hurt another person under any circumstances,
no matter how much he may deserve it.
Exercise self-discipline.
Don't do that because if you hurt another man,
you're going to hurt yourself ten times as much at least
because that hurt will come back on you.
I don't care who you are
or what circumstances you're working under or living under.
If you hurt another person,
you will be hurt ten times as much.
And if the hurt doesn't come immediately,
the rate of interest on that is
compound interest on compound interest
and it'll be a hundred times as great if you wait long enough
because everything that you do to or for another person,
you do to or for yourself.
There is no escape from that.
That's just as much a law as the law of gravitation,
which everyone understands.
You know that if you stepped off the top of this building,
no matter what your mind was
or what your belief happened to be,
if you stepped off the top of this building
and violated the law of gravitation,
that you'd hit the ground and you'd die in a very few seconds.
And this law which brings you back,
that's what you send out,
is just as inevitable,
just as inexorable as the law of gravitation
or any other of nature's laws.
Number eight,
learn the difference between friendly analysis
and unfriendly criticism.
Then decide which you wish to live by
in your relations with others.
Now friendly analysis is one thing
and is welcomed by most sensible people.
I don't object to that.
I don't object to friendly analysis of anything that I do,
even though it's very unfaithful.
If it's friendly analysis, I like it
because I can improve by it.
But if it's unfriendly criticism,
very obviously unfriendly criticism,
not analysis,
well then I resent it.
I wouldn't be human if I didn't.
How can I tell whether it's friendly analysis
or unfriendly criticism?
How would you go about telling?
A lot of ways you can tell.
You can tell by the, uh,
your relationship with the person who's making it,
whether it's friendly or unfriendly.
To begin with.
If it's an enemy, obviously,
I discount it right off the bat
because you almost know it's gonna be unfriendly criticism.
I can tell also by the tone of voice in which he does it,
by the manner in which he does it.
Because a man who engages in unfriendly criticism
generally uses a few epithets along with it
that clearly indicates that he's biased.
If you have self-discipline,
you're not going to be influenced by that kind of a person.
And number nine,
remember that a good leader
in any calling
is one who can take orders as cheerfully as he gives them.
And number ten, last but not least,
remember that tolerance in human relations
is just as important as tolerance in the operation of mechanics.
Ten rules spoken by the famous self-help author and con man,
Napoleon Hill,
with a music loop by Uncle Dr. Onan Kanabite in the background.
Napoleon Hill was kind of like
the president of the United States,
the previous Dale Carnegie.
But you probably don't remember Dale Carnegie.
He was the president of the United States.

I can't live by myself anymore.
I need some help from my big brother.
He's always listening,
and he's awful good at watching me,
and I think he'll watch me forever.
I don't want to be myself anymore.
I don't want to be someone else.
Honestly,
I will kill myself.
I can promise you a day.
I will be myself.
Rubik's Pube did that.
I'll say that band name again.
Rubik's Pube.
Rubik's Pube did that.
And X Day Drillers will be glad to hear
that that's the unthinkably talented
Vanessa Marciano and Lord Rock God recording in the Fedcom's basement studio.
And I'll bet somehow Reverend Sinfaltimus Ex Mortis is involved.
And now, yet another band you've never heard called After Hours.
There are no words to describe the meaning of life.
Just close your eyes and you can feel it, you'll feel it inside.
There are no words to describe the meaning of life.
Just close your eyes and you can feel it, you'll feel it inside.
There are no words to describe the meaning of life.
Just close your eyes and you can feel it, you'll feel it inside.
There are no words to describe the meaning of life.
Just close your eyes and you can feel it, you'll feel it inside.
Number four.




There are no words to describe the meaning of life
Just close your eyes and you can feel it, you'll feel it inside
There are no words to describe the meaning of life
Just close your eyes and you can feel it, feel it inside
There are no words to describe the meaning of life
Just close your eyes and you can feel it, feel it inside
There are no words to describe the meaning of life
Just close your eyes and you can feel it, feel it inside
There are no words to describe the meaning of life
Just close your eyes and you can feel it, feel it inside
There are no words to describe the meaning of life
Just close your eyes and you can feel it, feel it inside
There are no words to describe the meaning of life
There are no words to describe the meaning
There are no words to describe the feeling
There are no words to describe the feeling
There are no words to describe,
the feeling's bleeding, the feeling is bleeding
The feeling's bleeding, the feeling is bleeding
The feeling is bleeding
The feeling is bleeding
After hours did that
It's a good thing
It's a band of the late boyfriend of our friend, Reverend Katana 007.
A guy named Bobby who died.
Katana 007 was in that band and is now in Subgenius Kids
with Reverend Negative and her pal Poochie, as heard here.
That's right. That's right. That's all I want.
It didn't mean anything.
Express yourself
You want me to express myself
That's right, girl. Express yourself.
That's all I want.
Okay.
You have the freedom
I have the freedom
To do whatever I like
I have the freedom
Say what I mean.
I have the freedom
I have the freedom
Sing what you want
connections
Bring it
Can you believe it
We're always going
and we've got something else to say
Your voice brings me freedom
I have been
in a certain state of mind
and hearing your voice is like freedom!
It just helps me rise above.
Thank you, Princess Gucci!
You are so welcome.
You also changed my state of mind for a better place as well.
Oh, Snippity Snap!
Snap, Snap, Snippity Snap!
Snap, Snap, Snippity Snap!
We got the freedom to do whatever we like.
We got the freedom to feel how we like.
That's right, girl.
Express yourself.
Expressing myself.
I love it! I love hearing you express yourself!
It's so new to me.
Tell it, girl.
I'm not really used to
having to figure out what I'm gonna do.
It's really fun
That's right.
to get it done.
I wanna rhyme.
I wanna rhyme.
Cuz I don't know why, but I do.
And you're a Disney character, and that's why I love you.
I only surround myself with Disney characters, by the way.
It just happens to be a thing.
Like, you know, I never worked at Disney.
Bobby, for instance, Bobby Clark, he never worked at Disney.
No.
However, we would be out and about, and people would approach us and be like,
Did you guys work at Disney?
Well, that's the best compliment in the world, don't you think?
I know, right?
Like, what?
Uh, yeah, no.
You're feeling joy just being around me.
Oh my god!
That's right!
That's how it is.
I surround myself, I would love to surround myself all the time.
With Disney characters.
With Disney characters.
The last job that I had, there was actually, like, five people.
Who worked at Disney.
And they came to my job!
Wow!
I know!
It was a good time.
It was a good time.
Yeah!
Like, I surround myself with characters at all times.
And I think you do, too!
I do!
I do, I do!
And I want to meet your characters!
I've never thought of myself as a character, but I just love having fun.
That's what's up.
And loving myself.
You just have to be yourself.
That's it.
That's what's up.
That's...
That's...
That's ******!
Time was a go-getter.
A hustler.
Nothing was good enough that it couldn't be.
get better. The only problem was that he could only focus on the things directly in front
of him. Add distance and you subtract detail from Tom's vision of the world. Yet he always
saw the near future in his mind. Thar sighted Huck was his unlikely opposite best friend,
at least as the photos would suggest. Huck would survive in the off-season on unemployment
until he was called back to interrupt his favorite sleep pattern.
Tom created his own underground publishing company and submitted to other magazines as
time permitted in any season. Always invited for inclusion, Huck rarely made an impressive
deadline and often underperformed under extreme nostril flaring pressure.
Consulate, borrowing, and
recalling the good Mas.
Thank you.
P.A.
INSTITUTE
He recruited his friend Huck, who was again on layoff vacation and had a roller and paint tray
and all the other elements he purchased from the local Paquitans art store
at an incredible savings to dispense of this tedious chore.
Huck arrived promptly on time with brushes and tubes of paint.
Let's make a mural, he said with his got nothing to do but think about such things and what the heck, why not grin?
Tom slumped as Huck began scraping the old peeling paint from the door.
Tom began to climb the fence to create a smooth canvas.
Okay, said Tom, and attacked the fence with simple landscape skies and trees and grass.
Not a landscape painter.
Tom looks at his fingers, full of paint, myriad colors dripping onto his shoes.
He swings at a gnat.
He slaps his fingers and flings paint from his fingers directly into Huck's eyes.
Huck, being farsighted, couldn't give a fuck either way and laughed heartily.
I'm going for a drink, Tom declares.
Finish that, will ya?
Tom drank.
Well past the time the street lights came on and left only after repeated attempts to coax the mermaid pole dancer to go fishing with him.
He stumbled home to find all he'd done on the fence had been obliterated.
Huck had blown over all his work with elaborate, meticulous detail of his own design,
riddled with obviously so-called hidden faces, bodies, and hands.
The parents could not see this psychedelic menagerie in the morning, he thought.
With his impaired vision, he could barely focus on it now, but what about daylight?
Being the needy, he was still trying to find a way to get out of the way.
A neat clean-up freak, Huck had whisked away all the paint and art utensils.
Improvising, Tom resorts to the tools he always has at his disposal.
He unzipped, and walking down the length of the fence,
pissed the longest determined most important piss he's ever pissed.

The acidic, vitamin-soaked urine takes its toll as colors mingle and run down the fence into the flower bed.
Then he growled, he hacked, he snorted and sniffed, and he rolled his eyes until he had enough phlegm to make a substantial hit.
He pauses.
And he stops.

He thinks, this sucks, he thinks.
It's a fucking fence.
We should have paintings in the goddamn museum.
His cheeks puffing and turning blue, tongue stirring the mixture, he licks the hot, tooey launch dead center.
As it travels down the length of the fence, it resembles a painting of a man.
It's a hazel-colored tie you might buy your dad from a 1967 Sears catalog.
Having forgotten his keys again, Tom does the familiar climb up to the roof into his second-story bedroom and promptly falls asleep on the floor next to his bed.
He's still sleeping.


He's awakened in the morning by his parents' silhouette in the doorway, jingling his house keys.
Great job, son, says Dad, laying a twenty-dollar bill on the dresser.
Excellent version of Monet's water lilies, but a few of them are dripping.
Artistic license, Tom says as he rolls over.



He's never pulling the rug over his own eyes.
Thank you, Sheridan.
Sheridan's collections of stories, called Didn't See That Coming, had certain rules.
For instance, every story had to involve a nearsighted main character and a farsighted one.
And a gnat had to be mentioned.
And there had to be product placement.
Ahem.
Ahem.
This Sheridan individual is in Cleveland, but we never met.
I suspect he might be a real weirdo.
But now, here is another band you've never heard of, except here, called Thunk!
On both ends, like in Spanish.
This is from 1994, yet it might as well be tomorrow's headlines.
I thought, well I guess he is going to Matt친's затем.
Thank you for all the right words for the WMSN.
Now, there are a few Doug spicy again and I'll have to try.

This one comes from Herimi Ghobain!
Therolling He spent 12 months in Tennessee.
And before I knew it, it's a noted hipster porn.

Hem machenga hui!
The


When you were young and you'd hear a song
You'd cry in your beer with your long face on
You'd try to sing along but you couldn't hold a tune
You couldn't do it right and that wouldn't do
You tried your luck at heart, you settled on clean
So even early on you liked symmetry
But the woman that you loved didn't think you could
So you straightened your beret and walked away for good
Dazzled by the stage, Samuel Beckett came next
But you made a mistake, you choreographed the text
Though your acolytes, they didn't have a clue
The critics had the day with the director in you
You thought you could go through life as a dilettante
Thankfully you were wrong
Now you're big and rich
Real estate these days
That's where the money is anyway
The sweaty naked man at the gymnasium
Is struggling to release the child within
There's a handy telephone with a conference line
So he can work a deal while he's working on his thighs
And what goes up in the air is what goes down in the air


So you must come down
He's gonna tear your playhouse down
He owns a lion's share of the galleries
And there's no live bands, just canned music
You thought you could go through life as a dilettante
Thankfully you were wrong
Now you're big in real estate
These days
That's where the money is anyway
You're big in real estate
These days
That's where the money is anyway
Thanks for watching and please subscribe


3
2
1
24
Slup


Behind the waiting list
Post 3
Final version of this blockbuster thought 10. La ondan
To Reveal
when they drop it.
And remember to say excuse me.
But if they don't have one,
you say fuck it and circle the shit.
Thank you, Sheridan, you weirdo.
Okay, let's try another band we never heard of
called T.T.N., pronounced Titan.
In this case, the good friend of mine in the band
is Dr. Argus Fox of Hypercube Labs
and the Time for the Show show.
An album called Standardization by T.T.N.
A song called Standardization.
A song called Standardization.
A song called Standardization.
A song called Standardization.
A song called Standardization.
A song called Standardization.
A song called Standardization.
A song called Standardization.

A song called Standardization.
A song called Standardization.
A song called Standardization.
A song called Standardization.
Thank you, Dr. Fox and T.T.N. and Hypercube Labs.
This is Hour of Slack, number 1794,
and we are all alive and well.
All of us who actually joined the Church of the Subgenius
formerly at some point.
I did, in June of 1998.
Philo Drummond and I made it possible for you to join in 1980.
You still can at subgenius.com.
270 리 procent上 fazele treats

If you wanted listen more of theā rap music,

Thanks the most.
Ah, there's the video card.
I think there's a video card.


So, we have to stop at the where?
I think we have to leave the down bar first.

Ah, it is where?
There's the why.
And the other subtitles.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.



Thank you.
That was the Psychoskeletons, a ditty called Confusing Development.
Say friends,
you're not going to be able to do it.
You may be familiar with an old saying by Bob.
Well, actually it's a saying about Bob from Book of the Subgenius.
Bob is the gun and you are the bullet.
Somebody came up with a very slightly different version of that for modern times.
Elmer Fudd is the gun and you are the bullet.
Oh, yes, and thank you for listening, dear friends.
As always, check out Subgenius.com.
For news and help.
Help from you and for you.
We'd love to help some of our stricken subgenius members,
such as Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And we'd like to help ourselves to a great big old hamburger.
We won't just eat that hamburger.
We'll eat the hell out of it.
Actually, if you look at my YouTube channel,
RevStang,
one word,
there is a hamburger eating video on there.
But the important thing is, friends,
subgeniuses all over the world
could benefit from you.
Strangely enough, can you imagine that?
Weirdos you've never met, don't know anything about,
they could actually be helped by you.
And vice versa.
They can help you.
That's...
Actually, that's not something we expected would happen
when Dobbs told us to release the message in the late 70s.
But it did happen.
It turned into a social thing where people help each other.
So, check it out.
Subgenius.com
Help yourself.
Help Lonesome Cowboy Dave be less lonesome.
Write him a letter.
Send it to stang at subgenius.com
or send it to subgenius at post office box 807
Glen Rose, Texas 7604.
It's that simple.
Slack lies right around the next bend.
And thank you Rudy Schwartz Project for the background music throughout the credits.
Praise Bob.
Free your radio and your mind will follow.
Subgenius.com
Free Think Radio is your one stop source for all the subgenius shows,
including the Hour of Slack.
Every Thursday at 11 a.m.
Eastern Time, we think.
Yes, friends.
Freethinkradio.com
With Time for the Show,
National Cynical,
Puzzling Evidence,
Bob's Black Time Funhouse,
Fergan Fridays,
and the Hour of Slack.
Every Thursday at 11 a.m.
Praise Bob.
And praise Freethink Radio.
Gee, I want to try Triology.
All the kids are doing it, Mom.
There's a Dobbs head in every bar.
Yes, an embedded Dobbs head of soap inside a bar of translucent soap.
I'm going to try it.





You can see Bob lurking inside.
And it tells fortunes.
As you rotate it swiftly under the water,
lathering away the conspiracy smudge and other schmata.
If the Dobbs head comes up at the end,
in the true perfect pipe placement position,
you'll have good luck all day.
If it comes up the other way,
20 more years of winter.
That's TriologySoaps.com.
It comes in every flavor and scent.
That's not nonsense.
It's almost every scent you can think of.
And they all have funny names.
Praise Bob.
And praise TriologySoaps.com.
Tri is spelled with an I.
