I do wish we could chat longer, but I'm having an old friend for dinner.
Get you vegetables every day?
You know I can't make that promise.
The Self Genius Powerhouse.
Shoot that dog up!
I bid you welcome.
What do you believe in, huh?
What do you believe in?
I believe whatever doesn't kill you simply makes you...
a stranger.
Give a man a free house and he'll bust out the windows, put his family on food stamps.
Now, he's a big spender, no food on the table and the bills ain't paid
cause he's spending on cigarettes and PGA.
They'll turn us all into beggars cause they're easier to please.
They're feeding our people that government cheese.
Give a man free food and he'll figure out a way to steal more than he can eat.
Cause he doesn't have to pay.
Give a woman free kids and you'll find them in the dirt.
Learning how to carry on the family line of work.
It's the man in the White House, the man under the steeple.
Passing out drugs to the American people.
I don't believe in anything.
Not a word.

Nothing is free.
They're feeding our people that government cheese.
Government!
Cheese government.
Cheese government.
Get out!
Declined.
Ball.
Declined and balled.
Fall down baby.
Declined and balled.
I said fall way down now.
Declined and balled.
Come on, fall down little mama.
Declined and balled.
Oh, decline and fall.
Give a man a free ticket on a dead end ride.
And you'll climb in the back even though nobody's trying.
Driving too goddamn lazy to crawl out of the wreck.
And he'll ride a while he waits up for the welfare check.
Gone to hell in a handbag.
Can't you see?
I ain't gonna eat no government cheese.
No government cheese.
No government cheese.
No government cheese.
No government cheese.
No government cheese.
No government cheese.
No government cheese.
No government cheese.
No government cheese.
No government cheese.
The Rainmaker, with Reverend Bob Wackenhorst.
And this is hour of slack number 1,170.
Most of which is a copy of the live broadcast from the Brushwood stage.
With Dr. How, Priestess Pisces and yours truly.
Reverend Ivan Stang from 11X Day, punctuated by some new music from this year's devotional cover album, as you will soon see.
Well, we're still counting down to three o'clock, but we have much more to impart here with our live broadcast from beautiful Brushwood, New York, on the day before X Day.
Rest assured, your money is safe.
Oop!
And I thought my jokes were bad.
So, friends, don't be a...
We want you to be a Bobby when it's time to be a Bobby.
When you first get into Bob and start seeing those...
A bright apple cheek little lad.
Synchronicities everywhere.
That's fine.
A beaming Bobby.
Yeah.
First spring.
up and rushing about to tell everyone the news of Bob, but the old, creaky, tired, and
sagging subgeniuses have heard it all, and they are apt to be a mite grumpy when interrupted
from their lawful pursuits with this early, due-fresh Bobby stuff.
But then there's the next phase where you really decide that it's stupid, and you've
outgrown it.
And I don't know why I sent those people so much money.
And they're rude to me.
I posted my hilarious comedy thing on alt.slack, and the only ones that even responded made
fun of me.
How dare they?
Mockers.
How dare they?
And so there's always that phase, and that one also always ends.
They always come back.
Invariably.
I've seen them drift so, so far away.
There was a subgenius who...
He became a Christian missionary and went to work for Ted Turner.
And yet he returned to the fold in the end.
He knew where the real slack was.
So we don't worry.
We're not insecure.
Bob's not an insecure God like so many others that demand lip service.
Bob says, go ahead and kill me.
Throw my picture down on the ground and pee on it, if that's what it takes to free you
from my...
Mind control.
But you have to.
Because he doesn't care about your mind.
He doesn't care about your soul.
He cares about the same thing that you most care about.
Your checkbook.
That's right.
Your bank account.
Your what's in your purse.
Because that's what's real, friends.
All this frippery and foo-for-all about heaven and hell and so forth.
It doesn't matter if you ain't got the scratch for old scratch.
And now that the dollar is developed...
Does Dobbs have a preference?
Does say he prefer euros or the Japanese yen?
No.
As the great preacher, Reverend Carter LeBlanc, pointed out last time, so what if the dollar
has lost some value compared to those other countries' money?
That's just...
We did that so we can sell them more shit.
Ah.
If the dollar gets weak next to the damn euro, that just means they're going to be buying
more shit.
They're going to be buying more crap from us.
I was concerned because I...
It's a circular...
It's a circle of lies.
It's like when a cat has its little kittens and then devours two of them.
The great chain of being.
I was really worried, Stang, because I saw you had gotten involved in Water Bear Futures
and I thought maybe you were a prize of some secret investment plan.
Oh, sure.
I'm an investor, but I'm not worried about it.
That stuff goes up and down, up and down.
How are the water bears doing?
Great.
Oh, good.
Good.
They're always going to meet a need for water bears.
Because they're a part of nature.
You know, the most important creatures on this planet are really the worms.
Yeah.
They keep...
As far as living animals go, without them, the grass would not grow.
True.
As it was finally figured out by the scientists of Alt Slack, dirt is mostly shit and shit
is mostly corpses.
Well, that's the difference.
If you realize that, it kind of takes you down a notch just a bit.
And plants.
And at the same time, it does bring up the truth of the circle of life.
As you die and go to the ground, become worm food, then you somehow...
Another person arises and gives their money to Bob.
Bob will always have customers.
If every life form on the surface of the earth was wiped out, there still remain those heat
vent worms.
At the bottom of the deepest trenches that live off of no oxygen at all, but just heat
and sulfuric fumes.
More than that, there's the underground life.
Their descendants will be building cities, polluting the air, wiping out all other creatures
and causing great extinctions, and buying subgenius memberships.
Because that can never end.
That is the part of the cycle that cannot end.
Life...
Could end almost, but only in so much as there was still enough to buy salvation from
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The biomass of the subsurface life exceeds in weight, could it be weighed, the biomass
of all life on the surface, including oceanic life.
That's right.
Those worms and microbes outweigh everything bigger than them.
Because there's so much more of them.
That's a lot more souls to save.
Sayonara.
I will be fire.
I will be fire.
I will be fire.
I will be fire.
I will be fire.
I will be fire.
You're telling me you've got a problem
A nervous sort of contraction
A mindless kind of reaction
You never get no satisfaction
Here's to you
I know you've really got a problem
A nasty kind of reflection
A dangerous sort of destruction
That makes it difficult
Makes it hard to reach
Takes it all away
From what you had in mind
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Here's to you
I know you've really got a problem
A nervous kind of distraction
A mindless sort of reaction
A nasty sort of contraction
You never get no satisfaction
There's a big black hole that you seem to be missing
And it's driving you to destruction
But it doesn't seem to stop you in the least
A heartless obsession got you rolling on back
Week after week
Day after day
Hour after hour
From where you came
For more of the same
Yeah, yeah
other than peace
You got a problem from the lightest, not necessarily beautiful, but mutated album assembled by Reverend Toad Wilder. Trembling powerworks are τοặc Closh-ous Poolamntoxinium Acuvimet cart Jordan's 那 飘通的 sakura du loinz I fall for the wonderful fällt in bou dessus woun sagat ludum adorand Hollywood But a sanitation receiptat H deste an arachidora. Toad Wilder alta Khialene di mareua nuch釋迷âm that l wearing a defined portion of his life-saving Groundwagon box Woouunin Kita alfumllua a ruohha St으ph rubber just y preferences ber dvui do wings ejection ExCS Y Kaipira alf
Tuyet걼

I guess, as has the great writer Robert Anton Wilson, heard here in this interview from
right where you are sitting now, a CD from MaybeLogic.com.
What do you perceive as the greatest threat to our freedom?
The stupidity of the population.
As Schiller said, against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.
Do you feel that the American population is more stupid in some way than any other population?
Well, in lots of ways.
In Europe, the owners, the capitalists, the entrepreneurs, the managers, they all believe
the more intelligent the workers, the better their work will be.
So they believe in giving good educations even to the working class.
In this country, the capitalists seem to believe the stupider the population is, the easier
it is to manipulate them.
So why waste time by trying to educate them?
And there's been a deliberate dumbing down since the 60s.
Every decade I see more college graduates who don't seem to know.
They not only don't know anything, they don't even suspect anything.
Fortunately the internet is working in the opposite direction.
I wanted to ask you about that.
You know, many people claim that technology is going to, you know, especially the internet
and computers are going to be used to enslave us in some horrible way.
And you hear an equal number of people arguing just the opposite, that it's bringing about
all these new types of freedom or new vistas of freedom.
How do you feel about that?
Well, to take it by a curious path, when I was working on my historical novels, my wife
used to collect an old encyclopedia.
Every time she was in a bookstore that had a set of old encyclopedias, she'd buy it.
So we had about eight different sets of encyclopedias in the house.
So every time I wanted to look up a historical detail, I'd look it up in three or four of
the encyclopedias.
And always it took, it didn't take as much as three.
Usually only two I'd find a disagreement.
If I went through all eight encyclopedias, I'd find eight different.
Like when did, how old was Mozart when he wrote his first symphony?
He was either seven or eight, depending on which encyclopedia you look in.
How tall was the Bastille?
90 feet, 100 feet, or 120 feet, according to three encyclopedias I consulted.
This is what provoked me to what I call Wilson's 22nd Law.
Certitude belongs exclusively to those who only own one encyclopedia.
If you own more than one, you begin to encounter a certain amount of doubt and uncertainty
about things in general.
More and more people are doing research on internet.
I wrote an article a few months ago, which I didn't open a single book.
All the research I had to do I did on the web, on the world.
Everything I wanted was on the world wide web.
That certainly wasn't true 10 years ago when I first got online.
I did a whole article without once leaving the computer.
Everything I wanted to look up I just go to the world wide web and I could find it pretty
fast.
So more and more people are doing research on the web.
And the one thing you find out when you do research on the web is what?
You find out if you own eight encyclopedias, which there's no one reliable source.
There are a dozen different sources all claiming to be reliable.
Yeah.
And then you've got to use your own ingenious mind and your own talent for analysis and
skepticism to try to figure out which one of these guys really sounds like he might
know what he's talking about.
Which one should I bet on?
Whose source is every act of perception should be regarded as a gamble?
And from the experiments I've done and the experiments I've led in my workshops and seminars,
that has become overwhelmingly obvious and true to me.
Every perception is a gamble.
Just think.
You're walking down the street in a big city.
You see a face half a block away.
You think it's a friend of yours.
You get a little closer, it's a total stranger.
All perception operates on gambles.
You pick up a few details, you fill in the rest, and if the guy never comes any closer,
you're not sure whether you saw an old friend or somebody who just looked a little bit like
an old friend.
How does that relate directly to our political freedom, though?
The main trouble with Marxist parties is they think that thus capitalizing on the political freedom of the world is a good thing.



The major problem with the United States is that about 50% of the population at least thinks the Bible has all the answers in it.
And then there are libertarians who think Ludwig von Mises has all the answers, except for the ones who think Ayn Rand has all the answers.
If you think there's one book that has the answers, you're never going to really discover anything and you're never going to think an original thought.
If you find out there's 12 books with different answers, you're almost forced to start thinking.
You're never going to think an original thought.


So I feel Internet is forcing more and more people to do something they've never done in their lives before, which is try to make an independent judgment, how to judge between alternatives.
The Rainmaker
The Rainmaker came to town
And the people got what they wanted



The Rainmaker came to town
And everybody got what they need
The Rainmaker came to town
And everybody got what they need
Well, the people wanted power and reputation galore
So they became a bunch of bullies in the assorted size of war
And they sailed around the global block
Looking for some heads to knock
And most of them came home heroes
Heroes in a box
And the Rainmaker came to town
And the people got what they wanted
The Rainmaker came to town
And everybody got what they need
The Rainmaker fought
The Rainmaker fought
And the people got what they needed
There's a lot of people falling down
Cats and dogs and buckets
And the Rainmaker sailed away on a flood of relief
Hey, hey, hey
Well, the people wanted beauty
And prettiness and all
So they stretched and they dressed and they made up
And put mirrors on every wall
Till they all went to sleep
flying from ice grain
from the thing they wanted most
Now everybody's so isolated
A good looking bunch of ghosts
And the Rainmaker came to town
And the people got what they wanted
The Rainmaker came to town
And everybody got what they need
The rain came falling down
Cats and dogs and buckets
And the Rainmaker sailed away
On a flood of relief
Hey, hey, hey
Well, the women just wanted their food to keep
Instant potatoes and rubber meat
The kids just wanted to watch TV
Now the girls can't spell and the boys can't read
The men just wanted to stay
And it's just a dream

Now they got to pay the union mob
And everybody wanted to be free
Laws and rules should keep it that way
Hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey
Well, everybody wants to be happy
Everybody wants to be warm
And be loved and liked and wanted
And have some kind of fun
And have some kind of home
But getting it is work
And keeping it is tough
But destroying it's the easy bit
We all got the magic touch
And the Rainmaker came to town
And the people got what they wanted
The Rainmaker came to town
And everybody got what they need
The rain came falling down
Cats and dogs and buckets
And the Rainmaker sailed away
On a flood of relief
A flood of relief
Now sail away
Sail away
And the Rainmaker came to town
To town
To town
And the Rainmaker came to town
To town
To town
To town
To town
To town
To town
To town
To town
To town

To town
To town




And then there are those 11 herbs and spices, too.
It's the old, the old, old story of which one means the most to Bob.
The little old lady who only had a quarter left her dame,
but yet she put it in the collection plate.
Or the...
Mr. Moneybags, who could easily spend a million dollars and never miss it.
And he only gives Bob $10,000.
I think we know who Bob loves the most.
The one who makes good eating.
They fuck that little old bitch.
Yeah, not that dried up old thing, but the fleshy capitalist is a far better subject for the grill.
He takes the knife to her, laughing while he does it.
He turns to me and he says,
Why so serious?
He comes at me with the knife.
Why so serious?
He sticks the blade in my mouth.
Let's put a smile on that face.
And...
Why so serious?
Listen to them.
Children of the night.
What music they make.
And now, United Front Ministries presents Dial a Story with Aunt Bertha.
This week's episode, Billy and Timmy Go to Hell.
Good evening, boys and girls.
Once upon a time.
In fact, it was last Sunday evening.
Gee, Billy, I don't think we should have taken that LSD.
Don't sweat it, men.
It'll be cool.
I'm scared.
Don't be scared.
You'll have a bad trip.
Bad trip?
You didn't say anything about a bad trip.
Just don't think about it.
Oh, what if Aunt Bertha catches us?
I don't think that...
Jesus...
Oh, forget about that old Jesus.
What's happening, Billy?
Oh, boy, I can taste colors.
Oh.
Look at the trail.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.





I'm scared.
Billy, where are we?
I don't know, Timmy.
It looks like a big cave, and it smells like charcoal.
I can't see through all the smoke.
We're in hell. I know we're in hell.
We're going to be thrown into the lake of fire and beaten up by scorpions and bugs and earwigs and horrible leaves and chickens.
We're in hell. I know it.
I don't know, Timmy. I think it's just one of them hell hallucinations.
It sure is real, though.
Oh, look.
Billy, it's Satan.
I'll bake your bones to make my bread.
Run, Billy. Run.
And so Billy and Timmy ran to and fro throughout the hoary netherworld, pursued by the Horned One.
Go on, sucker.
Hey, wait. Wait.
I don't want to be cast into the pit of voppers and spotters.
I don't want to be cast into the pit of voppers and spotters.
I don't want to be cast into the pit of voppers and spotters.

I have you now, Timmy.
I'm going to torture you for a thousand years, and then I'm going to throw you into the burning pit of fiery scorpions.
But, but, I have tried to study the Bible for many hours.
I, oh, don't torture me.
Ow! Ow!
You should have thought of that before you decided to disobey Jesus.
Yes.
Aunt Bertha.
That's right, Timmy.
It was I, Aunt Bertha, who prayed and prayed for you to be delivered from that horrible drug.
We're sorry, Aunt Bertha.
We thought Satan was after us.
But it was only you.
And Jesus.
We'll never take psychedelic drugs again.
Say that you don't.
Yeah, I'm having a flashback.
Me too.
And so, Billy.
Billy and Timmy prayed and cleansed their bodies with holy water and studied the Bible until the wee hours, until they slept the sleep of the angels.
I hope you liked this story, boys and girls.
If you would like to make a donation to the Aunt Bertha KFJC Radio Ministries, get on your phone right now and call 650-941-6808.
680-941-6808.
That's 650-941-6808.
680-941-6808.
That's 650-941-6808.


Call with your pledge now.
Operators are standing by.
That number again is 650-941-6808.
Goodbye now.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
And Bertha, Dr. Hal and Phineas Narco from NationalCynical.com.
And now back to the X-Day Live.
One starred night Prince Lucifer arose,
Tired of his dark dominions,
Swung the fiend above the rolling ball in cloud parts screened,
Where sinners hugged their specter of repose.
Poor prey for his hot fit of pride were those,
And now upon his western wing he leans,
Now his huge bulk o'er Afric's sands careens,
Now the black planet shadowed Arctic snows,
Soaring through wider zones,
That pricked his scars with memory of the old revolt from awe.
He rose to middle height,
And at the stars, which are the brain of heaven,
He paused and sank.
Around the ancient track marched, rank on rank,
The armies of unalterable law.
Flies? Flies?
Poor puny things.
Who wants to eat flies?
You do, ya loony.
Not when I can get nice fat spiders.
Here is a question, Dr. Hal.
It was written, scratched into the paper with the fellow's keys,
And the question is this,
Where are the pens?
Proving once again that this is not a fake subgenius show.
This is the real thing.
When we hand out stuff for you to write on.
There are markers all along right over there.
The question is which pens do you mean?
The Sharpie pens or the pens to write these answers with?
You might have to share among one another.
If your neighbor has a pen,
You must borrow it from your neighbor.
That's simply the way it is.
The pens that people draw with, Princess Wee says,
Are pens that people could also write with.
It's a concept. Multitasking, we call it.
You may have noticed that we leave poster board and pens and things laying around.
We try to encourage you subgeniuses to spew it on out, man.
We want to try to encourage your artistic essence.
We want it to germinate and grow.
Well, I see you've accumulated some questions.
So now we're going to begin the Ask Dr. How thing and probably conclude it very quickly.
But let's have those questions and see if they can help us along our sinusoidal subgenius path.
That farting bob is still irritating my ideas.
We have good audio.
Oh, well, I'll move it farther away.
Hold on. Here, you can answer. Here's our first question.
Could Bob's pipe be considered a yoni slash lingam?
That's a very good question.
Could Bob's pipe be considered a yoni slash lingam?
Well, it is unlikely to be both.
But with Bob, all things are possible.
So aggressively used, Bob's pipe is then the lingam.
Passively used, Bob's pipe is the yoni.
However, one must make sure that it is not glowing to red heat when given this secondary application.
All right. I'm glad to know that.
Because I had really stayed awake at night wondering.
This question, what is the key, the musical key, of Bob's sails pitch?
Ah, that's very interesting.
Well, you know, Bob does have a mellifluous voice, which assists him at being the saint of sails.
The most average pitch is, of course, middle C on the piano.
And this is Bob's standard tone, as we interpret it.
But on those special occasions, he can soar into a lilting soprano or sink down below a soothing baritone into a rumbling and authoritative bass.
Here's one you'll like, Dr. Howell.
Okay.
Since dinosauria shares some traits of reptiles and dinosaurs,
I ask, right before you get devoured by the hungry T-Rex,
do you have to face his mighty, throbbing, hemi-penis?
That would be a confused dinosaur, I think.
Dinosaurs know the difference between food and a sexual object.
Unlike some subgeniuses I might name.
Subgeniuses have larger brains and a larger and more developed play.
We should celebrate our differences, even where we differ from the noble dinosauria.
But if you did have to face the throbbing hemi-penis of a rampant Tyrannosaurus rex,
it would only be a brief moment before the merging of alimentation.
Thank you, Dr. Howell.
Sticking to the kind that cockeys lack.

time.
Sweden.
History may also play a role.
A role.
Happiness.
Happiness.
Culture of low expectation.
Doing it every day.
Don't depend too much on the American dream.
I'm Dweeb.
So I had a wife.
She was beautiful.
Like you.
Who tells me I worry too much.
Who tells me I ought to smile more.
Who gambles and gets in deep.
The sharks.
Hey.
One day they carve her face.
We have no money for surgeries.
She can't take it.
I just want to see her smile again.
I just want her to know that I don't care about the scars.
So.
I stick a razor in my mouth.
And do this.
To myself.
And you know what?
She can't stand the sight of me.
She leaves.
And now I see the funny side.
Now I'm always smiling.
Now I'm always smiling.


Here's another one.
This is one I'm sure many of you have wondered.
Who would win in a fight?
Bob or Shatner?
Who would win in a fight?
Boy, you know this is so much like the actual questions.
I get that.
Who would win in a fight?
Popeye or Superman?
You know, that sort of thing.
In this case, who would win in a fight?
Bob or Shatner?
Bob and Shatner could go at it.
And Bob might be down.
But he would ultimately get up.
But Shatner would just be ultimately exhausted.
Shatner is only mortal.
And doesn't really give 100% these days.
The way he used to.
I know you all know the way he used to.
But, you know, he's only frail, mortal flesh.
And besides, he's got everything he wants.
But if you want to see a real Shatfest,
you've got to go to watch The Intruder.
That Roger Corman movie.
The only good movie that Roger Corman ever made.
The only one that ever lost money.
Features William Shatner as an evil, racist agitator.
Who comes into a small southern town.
And works them up into lynchings and other atrocities.
And to film this, they went to an actual southern town.
Full of racists.
And got them all riled up.
It's a terrifying and wonderful film.
And in the middle of it, you see Shatner acting his scary heart out.
Now that young Shatner might give Bob more time on the field of battle.
But I think the fact that we're all here shows that we all know Bob will ultimately prevail.
Right. They had the fight. Bob won.
Now this one I've even heard asked at X-Day before.
It's a very common one.
Alright.
Is there anything that Dobbs cannot sell?
Hmm. Anything that Dobbs cannot sell.
Maybe it's not so common.
Is there anything that Dobbs cannot sell?
I don't think there's anything that Dobbs cannot sell.
But there are things that he characteristically does not sell.
You know, there is only a certain amount of inventory.
And until one is blessed with infinite time, one doesn't get to go through all the stock.
Particularly the out of sale items in the back room.
The shop worn items.
These you can sell.
But why bother when you can entice them in with loss leaders and the bargains that Bob's special talent of selling.
Salesmanship have always made his meat and drink, so to speak.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
Dobbs.
This will be disturbing.
I have a statement.
I am bisexual, a cross-dresser, a homosexual in action.
I use women's restrooms and locker room facilities.
Bath houses, massage parlors, mortuaries.
The sexual confusion of the world is the most common thing that I've ever seen.



I hold still for this.
Admit it.
In a restroom, a transgender movement can go into the girls' restrooms?
Is that what that means?
Well, it has to be.
Somewhere.
Spreading.
Leaking.
I am with that.
I am going to stand up next to the mountain and jump it down.
I am going to stand up next to the mountain and jump it down.
I say.
Spreading.
I am going to stand up next to the mountain and jump it down.
I am going to jump it down.
I am with my hands.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hello.
Welcome to eternal sodomy.
Clean sexual strange flesh.
Lust for one another.
Sodomy is sexual passions.
Men with men.
Women with women.
Sexual burning and lust for one another.
Sexual sodomy.
Practicing homosexuals.
Homosexuals.
Of homosexual, sodomite, lesbian practices.
Did you notice?
Homosexuals will inherit the kingdom of dog women.
People can come out if you want to.
Collages by Norrell Preff, when not by Fernanda Nandeli-Murrow.
The booty chop cut up there was by Earth, Wind, and Fire.
But now, we go to the 11th stage reel and ask Dr. Howell.
Dr. Howell, this is a two-part question, or two questions from Reverend Xanatos.
I can stand the push of your two questions.
Question number one, why is the sky?
Hmm, well, that's a good one, yes.
Why is the sky? Why do we have to have a sky?
Why is there a sky instead of no sky?
Why do we not have the icy embrace of outer space?
Instead of this atmosphere with its confusing clouds and winds and meteorology.
Well, it's all linked together.
We have a moon. The moon makes tides.
The tides cause the waters of the earth.
The tides cause the earth to move.
Our moon is exceptionally large.
Without our disproportionately large moon, we might have a static system.
The elements of the atmosphere might congeal or escape off into space.
We have a sky, but that sky, as permanent as it seems, is, like everything else, a transient phenomena.
They say there's no such thing as perpetual motion.
And there isn't.
But you can tell.
We push the envelope until, for our purposes, it's almost the same thing.
The sun, eternally falling toward the earth in that regard, is a perpetual motion machine.
Of course, it's getting energy from outside itself.
Without the sky, there would be no protection from the deadly cosmic rays, which are sleeting through everything.
And our soil would simply be lifeless regolith.
Like the moon and life.
There's no application of the sun, in addition to the unknown.
But you know, folks, the Earth is organic, which creates soil.
It's the presence of shit and death that makes the soil as fecund as it is.
And you can start growing in regolith, if you have the elements of it.
Because, when you do so, you're changing regolith into the soil.
There will come a time when our sky is not what it is now.
Unfortunately, this time is coming very rapidly.
The entire Earth is going to be closed down.
I don't think anyone is going to get out of it.
It's not just X-Day, too.
If X-Day doesn't happen, the world will end anyway.
The oceans are going.
When the oceans go, we don't have the phytoplankton,
and our sky, or what we have left of it, will be quite different.
You know, the oceans are being carbonated,
as if the oceans were a large soft drink,
because of the carbon emissions that are being pumped into the atmosphere these days.
And this means that calcareous creatures with shells
will not be able to forage.
They will be able to form those shells, not just coral reefs.
All that's going to be living in the oceans in a very short time is bacteria and jellyfish.
And if you think this won't affect Earth's blanket of atmosphere,
you've got another thing coming.
Well, there's another part of this question, which is,
why does the conspiracy value cleanliness so much?
Well, it was John Wesley, the founder of the Methodist faith, who said,
Cleanliness is not cleanliness.
Cleanliness is next to godliness.
And sure enough, it is true, because God, being ex-organic,
does not need to be scrubbed or cleaned.
But, on the other hand, as I have pointed out,
cleanliness is next to the lunar rock,
to lifelessness,
to the immortal monument of death.
And now this, I believe, is the last of the questions that I've been given.
Is there a way for us,
to consciously alter the luck plane?
I believe it's alter, affect, I'm sorry,
affect the luck plane.
Yes.
That's my answer, yes.
There is a way to alter the luck plane.
First of all, it's a feeling.
It's an instinctive feeling.
Like if you're surfing the luck plane,
you have to be somewhat cognizant
of the sinusoidal nature of luck itself.
These things do not travel in straight lines,
but in waves.
For example, whenever I see a penny,
I always bend over and pick it up.
You may be familiar with these studies
by time and energy efficient yuppies,
who figure their time is so valuable
that it is a waste of their time
to bend over and pick up a penny.
So they let it lie.
Well, what about a nickel?
What about a half dollar?
I find that if you avoid these pennies,
you might be avoiding the fractal tail
of a large sum of money,
which will come your way
if you only grasp the end of it
and firmly pull it towards you.
If you don't believe you're going to have luck,
in other words, your luck will,
or lack of it, will substantiate this belief.
Every time I find a nickel,
pretty soon I make a pretty good financial score.
And on those few occasions
when I've found $20 bills,
and there are such occasions,
I have not avoided picking them up.
And lo, soon after that,
I've gotten good jobs, large checks,
and have been able to devote myself
to personal slack.
Dr. Hell, a subgenius,
just brought me a piece of,
a question with what looks to me
to be a tawdry bribe.
What are you saying?
Let me show you.
Oh, this is no bribe.
This is simply some money for me,
and a perfect illustration of what I was saying.
And here it is, the question.
My son, who is now 20,
is still afraid to come to X Day.
But his 15-year-old sister,
what to be here?
What?
What to be here?
It must mean wants.
Yes, it's written wants.
What do I do?
Well, what you do is you satisfy
the spirit of the yearning proto-subgenius,
and let that child who wishes to come to X Day
come to X Day.
Because who knows,
when it will be too late to come to X Day.
Too late to board the vessel.
Too late for everything.
And then in those last minutes
before you frizzle and fry
in the Holocaust at the end of time,
there will be the added torment
of reproaching yourself
for not acting when you should have.
And like the old cat in the adage,
waiting too long.
It's just Bob is what it is.
It's just, it's literally Bob.
Lingering at the tattered fringe
of your consciousness,
flooding your awareness
with bold new waves of sound,
sweeping you inexorably
toward grand new vistas of being.
The National Cynic,
National Cynical Network.
National Cynical Network.
Now that's one movie of Steven Spielberg's
that he didn't re-edit.
There have been no special editions
of any...
Steven Spielberg?
Steven Spielberg.
Oh.
Oh.
There have been no special editions
of those movies.
It's odd.
He's done everything else.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Mo?
Why?
Mo?
Mo.
Why?
Why?
reverb machine, Marion. Don't look at the reverb machine.
It's beautiful.
It's beautiful.
Keep your eyes
shut, Marion.
No. It's
beautiful.
He keeps saying it's beautiful and then he
blasts himself with white noise.
It's beautiful.
Well, I don't see what's so beautiful about it.
I'll open it.
Yes, Raiders of the Lost Boombox
coming to a theater near you.
Boombox?
It's beautiful.
I'm gonna blow up the Sony,
Renee.
Blow it back to God.
Phineas Norco and company from
NationalCynical.com
and now back to the
cleanliness of
Dr. Howe.
So there was one question
you missed here. That was the second one
for me. Nope. I got it.
Cleanliness.
Cleanliness, yes. The sine qua non.
Cleanliness. Cleanliness is an illusion.
One cannot be
clean. One can only
remove minor
excretions.
Excessions from the surface.
Inside, it's all
dirt from the standpoint of
robots and crystalline formations.
All salt,
stink and fluids.
But we have to
embrace that portion
of ourselves.
Weren't there some aliens that referred
to the humans as
ugly? Squirming bags
of unfulfilled appetites?
No. Ugly bags
of water.
Held up by white sticks.
Sure.
Well, that's their prejudice,
you know. To us, maybe they're
the monster. I suspect they are.
I suspect they're the typical
unthinkable things.
Either bone-dry monsters
from another world, which is
where you get that
prejudice against human squishiness.
Or
gas-based creatures
like those in the clouds
of Jupiter. Those
stink. God, they stink to
high heaven. To me.
But humans are extremely well-suited
for this universe. I'm
going to risk a little bit of bad luck
and point out something here.
That humans are right in
the middle of the possible
size anything can have in the
universe. They are right
at the point between
micro-smallness
and unthinkable hugeness.
They're among
the largest creatures on the planet.
Earth. All the animals
larger than people you can write on a single
sheet of paper. The ones that are smaller
take volumes to list.
And then if you
go on out through the nebulas
and gas clouds
and galaxies, you find
that as you
approach the super-large,
you're also doing it from
the middle point.
The golden mean.
Yes, those humans are
placed there.
And also the
super-larges.
ан
underpinning this attitude is a proto-theological attitude,
even a proto-Christian attitude,
that there should be something devoid of contingency
is not that remarkable.
And so to the question, why?
My answer is now and is always because.
Accept it. Get used to it.
You can deny it, but you who deny
are part of the fabric,
part of the Baroque complexity,
and you might as well put your back into it.
Thank you very much.
Ah-huh!
Aye, aye, aye, aye.
A heen set.
Dr. Howell from the 11th X-Day Drill Live Tapes.
The background music here is by Speed Cave.
And you are otherwise hearing hour of slack number 1170.
For more information on the Church of the Church,
you can check out subgenius.com.
But let's clock out now with the Transistors
doing this classic by Debo.
This thing...
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitles by Sof
Righty-right-y-duh!
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop

Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
Subtitles by Subtitle Workshop
It's a beautiful world we live in
A sweet romantic place
Beautiful people everywhere
The way they show their hair
Makes me want to say
It's a beautiful world
It's a beautiful world
It's a beautiful world
For you
For you
For you
It's a wonderful time to be here
It's nice to be alive
Wonderful people everywhere
The way they comb their hair
Makes me want to say
Wonderful people everywhere
It's a wonderful place
It's a wonderful place
It's a wonderful place
It's a wonderful place
It's a wonderful place
It's wonderful
Wonderful things



Wonderful things

Wonderful things
Wonderful things
Wonderful things
Wonderful things
Boy and girl with a new clothes on
And you can shake it to me all night long, yeah
It's a beautiful world we live in
A sweet romantic place
Beautiful people everywhere
The way they show their care
Makes me want to say
It's a beautiful world
It's a beautiful world

It's a beautiful world
It's a beautiful world
For you
For you
For you
It's not for me
Not me
Not for me
Not for me
Not for me
Not for me
Not for me


It's not for me
Not for me
It's not for me
It's not for me
Thank you.
Thank you.
