We interrupt this program to activate the emergency
subgenius power of SWAT
Ah yes dear friends, I can scarcely believe it myself, but we're finally on our way back to Ohio
and Wisteria campground and 21X Day and off of this planet. So meanwhile we're
gone and we are providing you with memories of previous X Day drills. This
was from hour of slack number 951 around 2004 and it features all the same people
who will be at 21X Day. Praise Bob!
Yes friends, well you know according to subgenius prophecy, the space monster
Jehovah One told mystic salesman JR Bob Dobbs that the world would end for
everybody except subgenius cult members at 7 a.m.
on July 5th.
Well my friends, we still aren't really home yet from the New York celebrations of X Day.
Our minds aren't home yet. So you might as well consider this a live X Day show.
Even though the event itself, July 5th was weeks ago.
We've lost a lot of commons since the day dissoxation of Xbox One because all
so out there are still crazy people.
Guess for a better directly and when we're here today with Toy世 and Jay Toy and
our grandads fighting that sociedad-
so am I sure we're going to fill it and show our homies their daddy didn't beat
him to a death over something playing in ten minutes and he watches it while heтор
which would teach him to quit.
All right friends, we're always behind after X Day because we blow everything off.
Bob's Lifetime Funhouse and the WCSB show in Cleveland.
Dr. Sinister's.
And we'll start with the KPFA Puzzling Evidence show, friends,
with Dr. Howell at Puzzling Evidence and Philo Drummond's X-Day Report.
Yes, everyone's somewhat world-weary here.
Because you know what?
These fine young folks have just returned from X-Day,
and they're coming back in their triumphant post-X-Day parade now.
They're somewhat bedraggled and debauched, and that's to be expected.
But good Lord, how clean they are.
Absolutely sparkling clean.
Their skins shine with a peculiar iridescence.
And, well, it almost seems to steam with the heat.
Given by warmth and moisture.
Oh, they're not there. Jingle your...
What marvelous sights one sees at X-Day.
But one thing we did see, of course, was when we assembled at 7 o'clock a.m.
We're trying to talk to Philo Drummond down on the field.
He is there, and we will be connecting with Philo Drummond momentarily.
It was at X-Day that we...
We gathered at 7 a.m. on July 5th of 2004.
And as we waited in the shade of the main pavilion,
a band played, and then all eyes went to the zenith of the sky
where a huge, round, glittering shape rapidly lowered down,
expanding inside.
And I think you heard...
Blotting out the light.
With an enormous, metallic humming, like the ripping of a glass.
Or the buzzing of innumerable bees.
Long, telescoping legs extended, and...
Hear that bee in the background? He was just buzzing, buzzing, buzzing.
Well, you know, the main theme now is, for the whole of the audience,
is they want to know what happened the next day.
Well, I'm telling you.
And so then the ramp came down, and...
Well, a lot of people.
They want to know what happened the next day.
They keep asking that question.
Now, next up on Monday, July 5th, at 7 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time,
our Earth will be at athelion,
which means that it will be at its farthest point away from our sun for the entire year.
Almost 3 million miles farther away than it was when it was at perihelion,
its closest, last January 4th.
And then, get ready for a super...
Super goody.
Super goody.
All right, Atlanta.
Perhaps we have something for you here.
Yes, perhaps. Who knows?
It's one of those things that, like this church, it's wild and unpredictable.
We are going to attempt to...
We are going to attempt to...
We are going to attempt to get a live update from X-Day.
From Brushwood, from Ground Zero, 7 a.m., July 5th.
That's where the smoking's going to start.
It'll spread outward from there.
All right, well, let's try to punch them in.
Let's see if this thing's working.
Hello, do we have Brushwood?
Atlanta to Brushwood, over.
I think we're being jammed at the source.
Uh-oh.
Oh, my God.



You don't think they did it, Jonestown, already?
There's something.
Suzy, I don't know if you can hear me, but here at X-Day number 7, it is a complete catastrophe.
I am watching the fire eat away at the very heavens right now.
It was a terrible tragedy, the pipe of fog that we had in the fire circle
whenever the burning cross finally fell.
Oh, what the pipe?
Well, it disgorged a little gift for all of humanity
and is currently burning down everything that we ever loved.
I knew it was going to be good.
And yet we somehow feel much more cleansed for it.
And now, with more details, is the Reverend Ivan Singh on site.
Oh, no, that crummy...
It's a perfect success if death and destruction is...
Suzy, are you there?
Yes, yes, I'm here, but you can't hear me.
It's a nightmare, and yet it's...
It's like heaven.
It's like a Jack Chick comic come to life.
It's what every X-Day is supposed to be.
Surely the saucers will be here.
Oh, damn it, damn it.
What?
Oh, my God, it's silent.
The police are coming.
We're going to have to...
We may not be able to be on for long.
Hold it.
Hold on.
I've got to do this.
What?
Get out.
Suzy, hold on just one second.
We're just kind of...
No, get away from me, you goddamn...
Get out.
Get out.
Get out.
You're a friend.
You can't...
You can't...
You can't stop...
Oh, well, there goes our connection.
I'm afraid we've lost them.
Have we lost...
Hello?
Hello?
Uh-oh.
Okay, so that's what's going on at Brushwood.
I knew they'd be having a great time without me there.
Damn it.
It sounded like they were all bleeding.
Pretty good.
I think that term would be hemorrhaging.
They were hemorrhaging slack.
They were hemorrhaging slack.
And it was such a hemorrhage of slack that they couldn't hear our unslacked voices.
And, man, I really need that sort of stuff to bathe in.
I can't find virgins anymore.
Oh, no, you can't find a good virgin these days.
Well, virgin on the ridiculous, but they don't go for the technical virgins.
Ah, it's starting.
The floppy boot.
Okay, now we...
We started...
Then the X-Day parade kicked off.
This is inspirational.
To be here at the X-Day parade, at the 2004 X-Day celebration, while we wait for the saucers to descend.
It's a beautiful, great day.
And we also are on our...
Clear sky.
No sign of a saucer yet, but we're all hoping and waiting.
Except, of course, for Philo Drummond, who decided to stay at home in his bed, reading the National Review.
But the rest of us are...
Wait a minute.
Is that something that we see up there in the sky?
A glittering round?
It is.
It's the saucer.
It's coming down.
Oh, this is just great.
The crowd is really reacting.
Look at their enthusiasm.
And the saucer now makes its way through the float parade.
Look at those great little cut-out characters of space aliens on top of the saucer.
Don't those...
Those aren't cut-outs.
I believe they're made out of roses.
They're actually razor-thin aliens.
Razor-thin and razor-thin.
Two dimensions.





They're sharp, I might add.
That's right.
You wouldn't want them to make a...
You don't want to stroke those aliens on the edge or cut your hand.
I don't want to stroke those aliens at all, Philo, but it may be that I'll have to.
It may be that we'll all have to.
You'll have to.
We all have to stroke the aliens.
Since it's going to be a new day and a new world since we've been visited by our visitors from afar.
You have to stroke the aliens sometime.
You can depend on me, darling.
Well, I better the aliens have a stroke.
I do depend on you to help me stroke the alien.
All right.
I think we've stroked this alien thing for all it's worth.
Isn't that a dance like shock the monkey that somebody did?
Stroke the alien.
Okay, if you say so.
Wasn't it cha-cha-cha?
They have nice cities.
No, it wasn't.
Yeah, well, they do have nice cities.
It's hard enough to do these dance moves.
They're half underground, half above ground.
Yeah, this is when the saucers show up over you, these guys' heads.
I was strolling through the park one night
And oh, I was in a hurry

Oh, I felt so blue
When I heard a little boy say
I'm so lonely too
Then I turned around to look
And to my surprise
A little space girl said
They're crying right before my eyes
Stepping up a little closer
To see what I could see
She said
Mr. Earthman
Will you please marry me?
I said, why no, I couldn't do that
Well, that just wouldn't be right
Cause you and me
And me and you
We don't even look alike
Cause you've got four arms
The better to hold you
Three lips
The better to kiss you
Three eyes
All the better to see
I can really rock and swing
Cause I've got more of everything I've got
Oh, Mr. Earthman
Will you marry me?
Then I said, what will people think
When we go strolling by?
Why, they'd not only laugh at us
They'd lay right down and die
Then they'd put you and me in jail
There we would be
And the people, they'd come from miles around
Just to look at you and me
Cause you've got four arms
The better to hold you
Three lips
The better to kiss you
Three eyes
All the better to see
I can really rock and swing
Cause I've got more of everything
Oh, Mr. Earthman
Will you marry me?
I said, this ain't gone far enough
I've had enough of it
She said, please, Mr. Earthman
Will you marry me?
Just one little kiss
I said, okay, okay, okay
But then you, oh, wait
But when I finished kissing her
I had this to say
Oh, you've got four arms
The better to hold you
Three lips
The better to kiss you
Three eyes
All the better to see
I can really rock and swing
Cause I've got more of everything I've got
Oh, Mr. Earthman
Will you marry me?
Why, sure!
A thanks to Artemia Salina
for sending that one in
and now, Reverend Carter LeBlanc
live at Brushwood.
No, no, no, no, no!
So, it's X Day
It's almost X Day






it's uh let's see how far are we anybody got a countdown calendar going how many more minutes
till the end of the world no i didn't think so nobody really even seems to be paying attention
i think everybody is kind of suspecting the same things that i'm kind of expecting
which is uh we got sold out you know i mean we really we really kind of got screwed you know we
were told saucers 1998 they make up all these excuses that seem to justify you know the absence
of saucers but the simple truth is the saucers seem to have passed us by
there are some people who are not going to be able to get to the bottom of this

people after after uh 1998 that came to stang and they were i think really upset about that
and uh and and and a lot of those people a lot of people didn't come back actually uh which is fine
because really maybe those are the people that got ruptured they got uh you know they got taken
away because if there's one thing that we really don't need here in the church of the subgenius
it's a true believer
you
, i mean you know we don't really need any uh
i mean we don't really need any true unbelievers either because i mean belief and disbelief both
mean pretty much the same thing you no longer are accepting new ideas about a certain issue
and uh
so so what what i'm what i'm seeing here is that uh that that something special has been given to
those people that lost faith you know those people have been given to those people who have lost faith
and they're given a gift is a gift called suspicion and disbelief you know anytime any of those people
that have walked away from the church of the subgenius anytime they go to another another
religion or another spirituality or another another form of self-indulgent uh you know
self-gratification that we like to think of as religion but it's just really justification for
our actions anytime somebody goes somewhere else to find a place to live in a place of self-gratification
they're going to find something else somewhere inside their mind they're going to be thinking
they're going to be thinking is this just another scam is this just somebody else making money off of
me is somebody else getting rich off of me just like just like when i gave all that money to the
church of the subgenius those people have been given a gift it's called disbelief you know the
conspiracy pays you when you're a believer you're a believer you're a believer you're a believer you're a believer
well probably i mean compared to how well the church of the subgenius pays you uh i've i have
worked for both and i can tell you that the conspiracy pays you real well to do work that
is guaranteed to be forgettable that's what it's all about and so you you're faced with the problem
of do you want the pay or do you want to do the work that is useful and will be remembered and uh
friends what we'd really like
to do is you know neither one why why why do we have to do either one bob said we should be rich
without equally rich without working boy that would be fair wouldn't it wouldn't that be so
fair if everybody was equally rich without working well friends you have to make that choice are you
enough of a subgenius to to declare july 5th monday normally a working day as your
religiously
holiday earned by the blood of bob on that stage as he bled for it well he didn't bleed for you
actually he bled for the insurance money we must get off earth we must get off earth we must get
off earth we must get off earth we must get off earth we must get off
no bob
i'm bleeding
gotta get off
oh oh man holiday next day yet but oh looks like i'm just ahead of the clock radio
okay this is it this is it okay ten nine seven eight five three four three two monday
uh i fit
at seven a.m eastern
oh man bob not again
oh hell oh at least i'm getting used to it by now
okay
well i guess the next step is the inevitable vicious taunting at the hands of evil susie
well i guess the next step is the inevitable vicious taunting at the hands of evil susie
yeah that's the way it always plays out
ah geez louise i can actually hear that heartless warming up that abrasive cacklers
all right you cow come on let me have it
i don't know
you're in my bill stash
you're in this right blues why do you have to stash them under the toilet they're all taggy
i can't even take a shower
Spit them out! Come on! Some of that's for an actual emergency!
Let me go! I don't want to live anymore!
Get your head out!
Oh, damn!
No! Get out!
Oh, man!
Oh, what gives? Does Freaky Friday fall on a Monday this year?
This post-X Day Suicide Blues thing is my shtick!
Bite me!
What fools we were to think that we would get to go on some divine killing spree and crush all the pink boys with our alien powers.
We believed Stang.
Stang?
We did believe Stang.
That's what he said. I bought into it.
I bought into it. I sent in my money.
Well, so you really bought into it. Like, literally.
The only kind of bot that counts, baby.
Alright, baby.
Not to Bob. We were young, dumb, and full of...
Fun.
Yeah, that's what we were. We were bright-eyed, and I can't spoil the end. You all know what happened.
What do you think?
But about, just listen in, in about ten minutes before X Day, we actually started alibying.
Alright, fine. Yes, I'm a little bitter. Yes, I understand that the conspiracy made the calendar. And it's not 2003. Who knows what year it is? It could be 1005.
Well, how do we know they got July 5th right?
And X Day could be at any second. I'm aware of that.
Does Ted Man make an appearance on the telephone during the show?
Of course he does. Of course he does.
Oh, that's wonderful. I don't think you people have enough Ted Man in your lives.
He has a... He's calling us from the observatory.
Right. Oh, he sees the alien who wants to be his friend, and I think they have sex.
I believe they do.
Oh, that's wonderful.
And there's some people who got some science guys, but hey, you're gonna hear it.
This show has been stalinized for quality.
WCSB, you're on the air.
I got lost on the way to the station.
You got lost on the way to the station?
Oh, no, that's right. We already did that show.
Yeah, you already did that show, man.
Only we didn't get to do that show, but we did that other show.
We need help on X-Air for it, because I'm stumbling.
We got lost in the station.
We got lost on the way to Planet X, man.
The tables say we'll turn around. Planet X will soon be found.
How could you get in a place... How could you get lost in a place so plainly, so clearly formatted?
Right in front of you, the holograms are everywhere.
If you get lost, all you have to do is wave your fingers in front of your eyes.
Bobby's no there yet, he passed.
Pink boys, they're all aghast.
Yeah.
He's the slack man.
That's why their armpits are so hot.
It's so sad that when you...
You expect to be ruptured and evaporated up into the escape vessel,
but it doesn't happen for another year, so you go home,
and in spite, you start up your lawnmower and rupture your grass.
If I had a million little grass souls that my excess pleasure saucer played by my lawnmower,
I'd spend all morning sucking those little souls up into that escape vessel.
Hold for a second.
Now they're on their way to the city dump, which will double as Planet X for them.
Can you guys...
Listen, we gotta take a break here.
I hope you guys hold the line for just a moment.
The wind breaks.
Alright.
This isn't over the edge.
No, but it's over the line.
You crossed that line.
Ah, man, can't we just go back to have things like they used to be?
Can't we all just get along?
That was cool back then.
No, we can't, man, because the world ended, man.
Like I heard last week, the world ended, man.
And you died, man.
Yeah.
Well, it didn't actually end.
We thought it was going to.
The big UFOs came.
We thought it would, but something happened and prevented it from ending.
No, it actually did.
We all received a mental block later, a piece of forced conditioning, which was...
Whenever you see this picture...
Ah, yes, you see this particular picture, it brings one out of the trance of oblivion.
What picture is that?
I can't see the monitor from over here.
Show it.
Is that the X-Day picture?
It's a stereoscopic picture of what happened.
I already made a CD that made a million bucks off what you guys were doing last week.
Wow, invasion.
Invasion of Earth.
But it's really too late to do anything about it, so I don't even really want to get in trouble by talking about it.
Now, what was the other highlight of your experience at X-Day, Dr. Howell?
The other highlight?
Other than, you know...
The green hair.
The beautiful naked women.
Come on, man, don't step on the Rice Krispies.
That was just one of the many highlights, of course.
Don't step on the Rice Krispies thing!
I got it.
Here it comes.
Actually, I enjoyed the easy camaraderie of my comrades in arms in the barracks.
Blah, blah, blah.
For man must know that he hath broken his covenant,
and he shall soil thy loincloth with the fear of the Lord.

The fear of Jehovah, for Jehovah is the God of wrath.
Step away from the bowling ball.
I think I saw the staying person light the fuse for the end of the world.
Light the fuse.
I think I saw it.
A mulberry stalk.
That's what you say you saw.
Well, he bent over, and something came out of him, and then...
Ew!
And then everything started shaking, and he was running past me, away from this area.
That was just his psyche that came out of him.
Why would anyone want to leave beautiful...
Uh-oh, he's releasing foul gases.
Yeah, something like that. And then we were running.
Apparently, Bob came and did something to all of us.
There's Reverend Say.
Something did come out of him.
He changed us somehow.
Reverend Stang.
Ew!
What are you doing up so early, Reverend Stang?
Oh, we...
Somebody burned the whole campground down.
Oh, no.
Yeah, I tried to...
Jesus, no!
But we were already gone, so what difference does it make?
Well, I was trying to go back there for the love and peace that happens at Brushwood,
and that whole campground had been burned down by the...
...
...subgeniuses of the blast.
All the trees were denuded and black and ash.
Once again, the subgenius Bobbies have ruined everything else.
Well, you know what that was? You guys, you didn't listen to me years ago.
That's what we would have called prop wash from the UFOs.
Those landing brakes they have just scorch everything, including the little non-normals.
Right, and they don't care. They're just aliens, you know.
They don't even see them.
I'm not wearing any pants.
Well, why would you have to?
Exactly.
In these modern times, no one needs to call themselves a cypher or a stranger.
Especially not on the radio.
Oh, tell that to my sunburn, LonesomeCowboyDade.
Yeah, I got a little sunburned the next day, too, actually.
I don't think it was the sunburn. I think it was the...
It wasn't the sun. It was the saucers hovering overhead.
And when you get in the path of that afterburner of theirs, which is a special...
It's a special graviton emission...
There's protons and stuff.
Well, it's got a couple different principles working in the saucer.
The things that keep the saucers aloft.
One, of course, is the graviton emission.
Right.
You can use the sunburn.
Well, actually, the hog is pain in the buttocks.
The other one, of course, is the...
So, if you got a saucer burn, you also got a multiple contusion going on in your skin.
Well, a caster pressure was showing off a sunburn in the shape of Jesus.
It was an anti-sunburn.
It was like the Jesus was formed by little spots that weren't burned.
It was a reverse Jesus sunburn.
I think it was going to a buttock.
The body cursing at Parleray Biker Place before you attended the festivities.
And that's about it, Stang.
I think you're kind of ruminating over what might have been.
But there were a lot of people who had actual saucer burn on the buttocks.
I mean, not...
In America?
Maybe 700.
That's a lot, right?
Well, we had a little bucket of hell and a little bucket of heaven.
So, you can put your feet in either one at the same time.
Get a bucket of heaven.
But, yes, after the drag...
What did we do after the drag king?
Queen.
The drag queen and king balls.
Now, weren't there a million psych-a-freak-a rock-and-roll rock-out rock bands?
That's right.
We had a great...
It was the Acid Corpse played...
I guess that was the first night of band nights.
But what about the Swinging Love Corpses?
Well, that's their name.
That was their name.
We had the Swinging Love Corpses.
Three members of the Swinging Love Corpses melded with four members of the...

The Amino Acids.
So, the Amino Acids provided the bass and the drums and the tenor.
I don't forget what kind of...
It wasn't a tenor, but it was maybe a baritone guitar that that one guy had.
And then we played sax and guitar and trumpet and violent things.
Good.
This is us playing more 우리 year.






Watch out.




See you later.
Bye-bye.

Bye-bye.

Somebody out the window.
clarity of the world, the candy, the ci****.
Oh, yeah.
Uh- basicname...


I don't want to be away until the week, depends...

This is what you'll find .
I said oh baby
I said oh baby
And then ever so gently
Ever so nicely
With so many sexual overtones
You looked over at me and you said
Baby
And I knew right there
That's when I knew
This is the way you said baby
Baby
Here's the way you said baby

Here's the way you said baby
Not so much a B part
But a baby part
Here's the way you said baby
Baby
You couldn't just say baby
You had to say baby
What is that?
What's that baby?
Boy, won't be afraid

Girl, threatened
You got it when you met me
You you was trying to start
Everything but a stay
You you now you said baby

Baby


With so many sexual overtones

You could only say baby
Cause you were trying to think







Helloerrr Home!
That's a little number we've been working on called Bay Bay.
We was on drugs.
It felt good.
So then after the Acid Corpse played,
and we played for an hour and 45 minutes,
which only seemed like 20 minutes to me.
It was just like being in heaven.
It was such great anti-music and wonderful mystery jazz
and great sort of like space bug surf jam stuff.
Space bug surf jam.
Come on, everybody.
It's going to be a surf jam.
So after that, let's see.
I guess after that, we just partied until like it was 1999,
until about 2 or 3.30 in the morning, 4.30 maybe,
and then we'd go to bed.
And then we would toss.
And then we'd toss and turn fitfully as the three most thunderous snorers.
Suicide man wants to know something.
Oh, I just wanted to know if the show was still on.
No, we're not on the air anymore.
Hey, what happened to you, suicide man?
Are you on drugs or something?
I feel a little strange here.
You feel a little slowed down to me.
Okay, concentrate on the reality we're throwing out to you.
All right.
Look out.
Hey, man, get out of the way.
You got to get out of the way.
Come on.
The reality will run you around.
It's like a tank.
Let me dust you off.
It's like a fast tank.
It's a fast tank with wheels instead of tracks.
I'm just going to tell you what.
Straighten up or fly right.
You can lead a horse to water.
You can't make him drink.
So what's your point, dude?
You're sitting on your point, right?
You're sitting.
You're sitting on it right now.
Admit it.
We were just discussing a strange fellow who claimed to have died,
but is still alive to plague us today.
You have never seen such sights.
Your heart has never felt such emotion,
such sorrow, such joy.
You will be uplifted.
And never have you seen such freaks of nature.
One look at them will tell you more than a thousand words of mine.
Come and see.
See little Feodor and Hvaluska.
Ah!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Ah!



I just sit here watching squirrels.
They have much more fun than me.
Sometimes they run around all day in circles.
They bite and squabble, then they lick their wounds.
At least they seem to have a purpose.
My mind's always clogged with leaves,
like silly, stupid advertising jingles,
and themes from TV shows I do not like.
I must not go out the front door
I could get hit by a car
Just like the squirrels when a dog is growling
There's perfect safety high up in the tree
I know I'm bad to just sit here
I should not be so afraid
But once outside I'd have to choose a direction
It might be the wrong one,
so I'll stay here.
They tell me of self-improvement
And someday could even have a job.
Then all right, I'll stay here.

I would have become just like the squirrels.
I don't see how I could accomplish that.
First, I'd have to choose a direction,
like which tree I should start to climb.
They all seem to be up to the challenge.
I just take whatever's given me.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it.



So I'm okay here just watching squirrels,
though the soundtrack could be much improved.
Those silly, stupid advertising jingles,
and themes from TV shows I do not like.
But it wouldn't hurt to get into the elseworld,

I

Schicksal still my favorite.
My name's Dan Gleger.
I'm from the Philadelphia, Texas,
you can find me on Twitter.
I dressed up, and it's not easy to remember me.
You know there are times I think about my救 mortee.
Wah wah wah wah wah!
Wah wah wah wah wah wah wah wah!
Brr!
Wah wah wah wah wah wah wah wah!
Wah!
You know, haha, I like him.
He's silly.
Ah!
The audience doesn't think that's very funny.
I mean, they do think that's very funny.
They're laughing their heads off.
Look, they love it.
Old rape a man.
Old rape a man.
See, I know people that say it's impossible and completely antithetical to the concept to think that a man could be raped.
That he wouldn't do it willingly.
But he would do it happily and enjoyingly.
Joyfully celebrating the...
This is the effect of X-Day, folks.
This is what happens to the mind once it's brainwashed.
Yes, thank you, thank you.
Once you spend your entire time in the bachelor's cabin with a crude, raucous joke.
What?
We did manage to spend some time at the Frop, at Dr. Frop's, uh...
We used to just call it...
Oh, so yeah, what was the entertainment like?
We just called it Frop's Place.
Oh, what about all the bands that play?
Well, there was the amino...
The amino...
The amino acids.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community

Blood doorway to financial heaven!
He is the one real shortcut to slack!
But the amino acids were actually almost uh, shut, you know not shut down.
And there was little Theodore.
Really? Oh, great.
Yeah, little Theodore was there.
So why were they almost shut down?
Why would they pretend shut down?
Oh, I was just saying they were almost blown away
by the band the previous night.
They were blown away.
The jam band kicked,
literally kicked the posteriors
of all the individual subs in their family.
Boy, were they sore.
Was it with a big leather boot?
With a big leather boot with red straps.
Big leather hobnail boot with red straps.
Well, now, would you like to say
for our listening audience
just who were some of the famous subgeniuses
present at this earth-shaking event?
Well, let's see.
We did have...
Well, we had you. You were there.
Well, you're right. I was there.
And not only that,
I think I saw Reverend Two Beans there.
Yeah, Two Beans was there.
Let's see, who else was there?
There was Doc Frop.
And Dr. Pissall.
Dr. Pissall.
Dr. Pissall.
Yes, Sister Decadence.
Magdalene and Jesus, of course.
Yes, and thousands and thousands
of other famous and semi-famous...
Where did all these bobbies come from?
And yet to be famous.
That's what he's talking about.
I think all the grapes.
Bob Toberfest.
What they do is they cut their hair
and then dye their heads purple.
Having something to do with
attracting the sun for Bob.
Hey, I think that's a good idea, Reverend Howell.
Maybe we should have a Bob Toberfest.
Uh, yeah.
I get it.
Bob Toberfest.
Would you come, caller?
That'd be awesome.
Can we have some beer there?
Would you come, caller?
We could find...
Could you bring some women?
Yeah.
Okay, good.
Sounds like you have a lot there.
You know, they're like smaller versions of us.
Okay, what notes do we play on this song?
Okay, this is Betty Blows.
Betty Blows, part one.
This is a little symphony
we've been working on for a while.
Well...
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
Me resolving the meu cap Citizens touching the ecrime
Could not avoid getting hit from far LMFAO
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo

Blah, blah, blah
And they bringeth the right stone
Blah, blah, blah
The whore virgin brain
The guilt finder and smiter
The very ark of the covenant
And she is the eye of the father
She shall will thee
And overcome the mark of the beast
And shall give thee fornication
And the true sons of Israel
Shall be snatched up
Behold my servant shall prosper
He shall be exalted and lifted up
And shall be very high
He who knoweth the fools
Who prophesy for me
Shall be made over dead
Many will be astonished at him
For his appearance is so marred
Nond human semblance
And his form beyond that
Of the sons of man
And his form beyond that
Those who are over men
Who have followed my almighty word
Shall be the minister of the angelic host
They shall speak for them
And my prophet who smiles
Shall be among them
And shall advise them
Well I'm sorry to have to call you on a normal phone
From somewhere else on earth
And I'm sorry that you're there on earth to call
Yeah how does it look from up there?
I'm sorry Bob let us down
I'm sorry okay I'm sorry

I'm sorry yeah but you get to be on the ship
You don't have to be sorry
We're gonna do it again next year
Hey by the way were you number one in line
Like your ticket says every year at the gate
Um I'm number one in line
No actually we use a double
Because I'm the one filming the line
So technically
There's always a sacred filmer
And they always think that the sacred filmer
Is not really an artist
That's right I don't recognize it
It's both a blessing and a liability
Have you looked at any of the footage yet?
Yes yes and the
The bashing of the Christ
Not to be confused with the
Mashing of the Christ by Negative Land
But our
Our competition for their short
Subject should be
Should really look good
We got plenty of footage we really hurt Jesus
Bad
Did you kill him like Holy George?
He's still alive being a Merovingian
And we so
Basically everything that way is great
For next year we'll have another Jesus
The campground will grow back
The pagans will
Recuperate and the subgeniuses
Will return everything they've stolen
Once again
Wow is the little fake Bob okay?
Yeah that's the funny thing this was the
X day when the thieves
Returned what they had stolen
Great
And asked me to thank them
Oh thank you for
Doing that for three years
That is a strange phenomenon isn't it
But the thing is back where you are on that planet
They return them
Here they just keep them forever
And gloat in their living rooms with their two friends
Yes yes
We all know about that
Music
Music
Music
Ghosts and ghouls and
Wearing black
The cross
On no one there
To come back
Music
Eternal
Glimmerful
Pristine
Slash
I've looked at death
This way
Music
Now it's just
A boring
Pain
You get all stiff
You've lost
The game
And to think it's your
Best chance
When it does ya no damn good I've looked at death from both sides now
From cool and gloomy and still somehow It's death's illusions I recall
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know death
I really don't know
Why don't you, Doug?
Why don't you, Doug?
Why don't you, Doug?
Why don't you, Doug?
Why don't you, Doug?
Dog of Soggett said at about 6 and the Merc is moving up.
It's weird.
Well, the Merc is moving in and as you know, it's getting closer to that time in the schedule
when puzzling evidence has to shut the special Captain Fox and say...
How does America handle a headache?
I'm proud to be on a Mercantile.
Well, that's true.
And so are we all.
Well, as we stand on that spotty flag after our long history and our climb up from the
primordial ooze to our present eminence as prominent American subgeniuses...
Yeah, I'm going back to the ooze, man.
You should go back to bed.
You're going to go up to your special chamber and...
My oozing bag.
I'm going to climb back in my oozing bag and go back to sleep.
Good night, Dr. Stang.
Kill them all.
Let Bob sort them out.
For in his sorting is not the high E-pollution.
That's the most arbitrary of judges.
Oh, my.
So here are the engines of the oncoming ships.
Finally, they're landing.
No.
Oh, no.
That was another...
Another drill.
Damn.
Well, we'll certainly have luck.
You know the drill.
Christ, Bob.
Hello.
Is Bob Dobbs there?
I'm the little guy who lives in the corner.
Bob Dobbs, you there?
Hello?
Oh, you bastard.
I'm going to kill you one day.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.

Beep.
Beep.

Beep.



Beep.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
