Doug Smith, radio operator. I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
No trouble. No trouble at all.
Get set, get down.
It's a go.
Hey Patty, everything's going great.
It's going just great.
No trouble there, friend.
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
Bob ain't going to help you this time, friend.
Bob?
I wish I could say he would.
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Oh yes, dear friends.
But I'm afraid this time, it might not be an hour of pure slack.
No, I'm afraid.
This time it might be an hour of pure, unrelenting slacklessness.
Things have been just a mite rough around here.
We've got lots of news.
Some of it's real good news.
Some of it's real bad news.
But there's plenty of it, at least.
And what there's not plenty of is time, dear friends.
Time.
Time, time, time.
In the next three hours, I've got to try to produce...
Four hours of slack.
I don't know how I'm going to do it.
Because tomorrow I'm going to leave.
By the time you hear this tape, my friends,
your host and prayer partner is going to be on the GWAR tour.
Yes, opening for this horrible rock and roll band called GWAR.
Most of you probably are familiar with them.
They're the ones that perform in rubber monster suits,
if they really are suits.
I guess I'll find that.
I'll find that out while I'm on the bus.
Yes.
Yes, I'm going to give you real quick the dates for the GWAR shows
that will be opened with a subgenius, a sermon.
That is October 27th in Cleveland.
October 28th in Detroit.
October 29th at Bill Gates' Halloween party.
But I'm not going to be at that one.
What?
No.
November 30th in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
And the 31st in Chicago, dear friends.
Lovely Chicago.
First, now some of you may hear this in time.
The 31st Halloween, it will be a subgenius devival preached by myself,
opening for GWAR.
And let's see.
November 1st is Cincinnati.
November 2nd, Columbus, Ohio.
November...
Shut up.
November...
3rd, St. Louis, dear friends.
St. Louis.
And that ought to...
Man, that's where the swinging love corpses live.
November 4th in Lawrence, Kansas.
And November 5th in Minneapolis.
And at that point, the GWAR monsters go on touring.
And I go back home to recuperate.
And to answer the mail.
The endless mail that stacks up.
And the endless horror, friends.
Because the hammer keeps it coming down.
There will be shows in Texas.
I'll be preaching at the GWAR shows in Lubbock on November 20th.
Tulsa, the 21st.
Corpus Christi, November 24th.
And Houston, November 25th.
But best of all, friends, my own hometown, Dallas, Texas, on November 22nd.
Yes, GWAR and Bob will kill Kennedy again.
And I'm real glad I went and bought that Kennedy head mask when I saw it the other day.
And...
Okay, well, so much for the good news.
Yeah, just watch your...
I can't tell you which clubs these things are in.
Just watch your local newspaper for times and places and so forth.
For GWAR, it may not say Reverend Stang's going to be there.
But at least those cities in the Midwest and in Texas that I said,
Oh, I'll be there.
I'll be there with my flaming sword and my ghost shirt.
So that their fans can't kill me.
Okay, well, so much for the good.
Good news.
Actually, the GWAR show does sound like it's going to be a hellacious spectacle of violence,
degrading sex, and speed metal thrash hell music,
which is no longer called for.
This Joe Satriani stuff, I don't know, man.
I like guitar players, but haven't I heard every one of those licks back in the 70s
at a Peter Frampton concert or something?
Here's what the bad news is.
I've got to put on something proper for that.
It's Doctors for Bob.
Old Doctors for Bob tape cranking away here in the background
because I have to, well, let me put it this way.
You know how when you lose something, friends, and it's just gone.
I mean, it's gone.
It ain't going to be the same again.
Even though it's gone, that's all you can think about.
You know, it just keeps.
It's just getting away at you.
You may have so much work to do, you can't believe it.
You may be distracted by a million other things,
but for some reason, your mind just keeps going back to that thing that's gone.
Well, damn it.
I wish I could use much stronger language.
Well, I will.
God, if you're up there, if there's a God, why don't you strike me dead right now?
Go ahead, do it.
See?
Well, here's how we know there ain't no God, my friend.
And I should have done this show a month ago, but what can I say?
I haven't been between hammer blows for all this time.
December, no, August 27th, on alt-slack on the internet,
this news came out from Pastor X, a good friend of our friend Dr. Legume.
And it said, and I quote,
To all, Dr. Katahdin Legume,
Legume passed away last night after being involved in an accident on Interstate 95.
He was on his motorcycle and was struck and killed by a drunk driver.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
He will be missed by all.
Pastor X goes on to say,
Legume was a hell of a guy.
He helped me through some of the roughest times of my life when nobody else gave a crap.
He was one badass subgenius minister and the best friend I ever had.
The world is a crappier place without him.
And I hope you, uh, idiots, know what you lost.
And if you didn't like him, then you can just go, uh, joke yourselves.
Because he was a giant of a man, bigger than life and twice as ugly.
And I hope the bastard who killed him rots in the filthiest cell in the filthiest prison on earth.
Because if I ever meet him, I'm going to make him wish he were that lucky.
And Pastor X says,
I guess if I could say one last thing on the subject, it would be,
Doc, Legume, you stormed through life.
Like it was your own personal Poland.
And you deserve to die like a warrior.
Not like just another mundane highway statistic.
I love you, brother.
Goodbye.
Yes, friends, and I've got a big stack of responses that came in on alt.slack,
the subgenius internet hangout.
You know, and as, uh, St. Andrew pointed out,
Dr. Legume's most ironic.
I mean, his most ironic statement was that Bob had been good to him.
And Bob had been good to Dr. Legume, I must say.
I mean, he was rolling around in waterbeds with, uh,
the objects of his heart's desire for the last several months of his life.
It was a beautiful thing.
But let's see what else we've got here.
I mean, it's been a while for me.
I've sort of gotten used to it.
I guess you could say.
And, uh,
well, here's what I got all choked up, man.
I was, I was writing about it.
It just ain't fair.
I can't get used to how he's actually gone.
All the devivals in the last three years had him there.
He practically made these shows.
And I'm gonna be editing these shows and looking at the videos
and seeing my buddy rant his head off
with more feeling than anybody since Pope David and Meyer
and thinking about all the good turns he's done me personally
and the weird shit he can do,
like when he actually made physical love to the next man.
And the next stump of the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer on stage.
And the impromptu mind rapery that he was capable of.
Just standing in front of you.
And his nerve when it came to faking out actual televangelists.
When they'd come to his town, like Peter Popoff,
he walked up to that televangelist
and started preaching against the evil subgenius cult.
And now whenever Popoff is in town,
well, he used to call up Dr. Legumes.
And the worst part, well, I don't know.
I could go on and on.
But you know, of all the people to get prematurely ruptured,
why him?
How is it that Rush damn Limbaugh is fat and happy
while Dr. Legumes is...
Well, you know, if anybody had a free pass to subgenius hell,
it was him, granted.
But we don't get to hear him rant anymore.
You know, oh yeah, he'll be immortalized like Bill Hicks on CDs.
Whoa, two or three whole shows worth.
Whoop-dee-doo.
But we the living, friend,
have been cheated big time.
Sure, Bill Hicks and Lenny Bruce and Jimi Hendrix
and all those guys getting to watch Legumes' new routines,
but we have been cheated by a drunk
because of the conspiracy, friends!
Because if the conspiracy hadn't made alcohol
the glamorous, cheap, universally available narcotic,
you know, even if they'd managed to legalize pot,
for God's sake, that drunk wouldn't have...
Either he wouldn't have been as drunk
or he would have been a lot more messed up
and he would have killed somebody else earlier in the evening.
Oh, dear friends,
Dr. Legume was one of a kind.
Truly one of a kind.
The whole church was cashing in on him indirectly,
and I don't have the slightest doubt that he'd love to see us
blow his legend up even bigger
and cash in on his legumeness even more.
He's such a standard in the Church of the Subgenius
that only he could live up to,
but he did it in such a way that it made the rest of us
want to try.
Now, I've been a subgenius preacher for so long
that sometimes it seems like it's just a job.
But Legume preached, friends, because he believed.
Not in the stupid way, not in the psycho Bobby way,
but in the real way, the deep way.
He knew what this church was all about, friends.
He was real.
He was real.
You know, most of us have to fake it.
I'm not faking it right now,
but most of us have to fake it at least to some extent.
He made it seem effortless because he wasn't faking.
He trained himself to do nothing but speak the truth.
And you can't imagine what a hard thing that is
to do on stage, friends,
right in front of a bunch of idiots,
staring, hundreds of staring primate eyes.
You know, he had that much faith.
Faith?
Faith.
Actually, Legume didn't have any faith at all.
He didn't believe in a damn thing.
He really could cut through the bull hockey.
Pardon my language.
And that takes more than faith, dear friends.
I had a dream.
Oh, yes.
And in my dream, I was flying above the clouds.
I had left my earthly body behind.
I had abandoned the illusion of flesh.
Oh, yes.
Yes, I had abandoned the illusion of flesh.
Oh, yes.
And I heard a sound.
I heard a terrible sound.
The sound was the screams of the unsaved.
And there are many unsaved here tonight.
How many people tonight here are saved?
How many people here tonight are going to be on the pleasure craft
of the sex goddesses on July 5th, 1998?
Can I get a hey, man?
Can I get a hey, man?
Can I get a hey, man?
Can I get a hallelujah?
Oh, yes, brothers and sisters.
And there were terrible screams.
And there was fire and death.
There was the ultimate unspeakable horror falling down upon the unsaved.
Many were the tribulations.
There was poverty.
There was starvation.
There was pestilence.
Rats the size of greyhound bugs.
buses feeding on the flesh of the dying.
Oh yes, there was barbed wire,
there was poisoned water, broken glass,
piss rain. Oh yes, there were death camps
and radiation, war, slavery, cannibalism.
Oh yes, but all of these things
are gonna be like your first blow job compared to what's gonna happen
to the unsaved after X day. Oh yes,
oh yes, there will be terrors and horrors unspeakable.
There are going to be tribulations raining down.
There are gonna be nothing but pain. You're gonna have pain on a molecular level.
You're gonna have every molecule of your body splattered all over the surface
of the earth. And each one of those molecules will feel nothing
but pain. Oh yes,
oh yes, but the saved, the subgenius,
the people who have their membership cards in the church,
while everyone else is dying, we're gonna have a Bob
damn party!
Oh yes, we're gonna have the mosh pits while
y'all have the death pits. Oh yes,
we'll be moshing in the pit and you'll be rotting in the grave.
Oh yes, because we're gonna be raptured up
on the space vessels of the sex goddesses.
The pleasure craft. We're gonna be buzzing around in our own
private UFOs. We're gonna be looking down and we're gonna
see you laying down there, you unsaved folk. We're gonna see you
looking up at the sky. We're gonna see you going, oh, maybe the UFOs
coming to save me. Maybe they're gonna make the world a better place.
But no, all you're gonna see is that smiling Bob face
up in the sky and death rays are gonna fire out of his eyes
and they're gonna incinerate you into a pile of ashes. And even the pile
of ashes is gonna feel pain.
Oh yes, but we're gonna be, like I said, we're gonna be
having a party. We're gonna be up there with the aliens. We're gonna be up there rolling around
with the sex goddesses. We're gonna be indulging in our every pleasure.
Why, our bodies will be
transformed into nothing but one big nerve
ending. One big erogenous zone.
And all we're gonna feel is pleasure.
Yes, and we shall have orgasms uncounted
while you all writhe in pain and agony.
We will masturbate to your murders.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh yes, and our every, every
nerve ending, every area of our new bodies are going to be one
big erogenous zone. The wind blowing past you is gonna make you come.
The sun shining down on you
is gonna make you come. Oh yes.
Why, just the very molecules of the universe itself bouncing
up against you will make you come.
And a veritable sea of your own bodily fluids
shall ooze from you. And you will float
up. You will float up in the sea of your own bodily fluids.
You will float up with just your head
above the sea of bodily fluids. Oh yes.
Until you are washed up onto the shores of
subgenius heaven.
That's right, you will be washed up onto the shores
of subgenius heaven. But what of earth? Why, earth will be
flooded in a veritable river of sin. Yes, a veritable
river of our own evil bodily fluids.
Oh yes. But once that sea starts arising,
a lot of you unsaved are gonna be up to your waists.
And you're gonna be saying, well, at least it isn't up to my chest.
Then it'll be up to your chest. And you'll be saying, well, at least
it's not up to my neck. And then it'll be up to your neck.
And you'll realize that the river's rising and you're all gonna be washed
away in it. And you'll be looking up into the sky.
And you're gonna be putting your hands out, spreading them wide above your heads.
And you're gonna be saying, Jesus!
Jesus Christ! Oh, I accept you now as my Savior.
Ha ha ha!
Oh yeah.
And that's gonna give us the biggest laugh. The minute you say
that, laughter will roar from the skies around you.
And the face will appear again. And he will say,
too late, buddy. You had your chance.
You had your chance to get on the sex goddess'
escape vessels. You could be up in space right now
as veritable giants stomping
on the ants that are humanity. Oh yes.
But there are some of you here today that are probably thinking to yourselves,
this man's up there blaspheming against God.
Blaspheming against God.
Well, I'm not blaspheming against God. As a matter of fact,
I brought your God with me tonight. Do you want your
God? Do you want your God?
Here's your God. Aerosol cheese in a can.
Oh yeah. Say your prayers. They'll always come true.
There'll always be cheese in the can waiting for you.
Oh yeah. Easy cheese.
Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Oh yes.
Why don't you partake of his bountiful harvest. You'll get all the
cheese you want out of God. But salvation you will not get from God.
Salvation you will not get from your can of aerosol cheese. Salvation you will only
get through the love of
Bob. Oh yes.
And now you'll know. Raise your hands high, brothers, and cry out,
Bob! I'm ready for you, Bob. Bob!
Come down, Bob!
Come save me, Bob! All you gotta
do is accept Bob as your Savior, and you'll be saved.
But then maybe not.
Bob might let you rot too, but you've gotta prove
that you have faith in Bob. And all you have to do
to prove that you have faith in Bob is to join up with the Church of the
Spirit. Is that a genius? Yes. You'll have to join up. You'll have to
tithe unto Bob that which is Bob's.
You must plant your seed of faith that you may be rewarded with
a hundredfold harvest, a thousandfold
harvest, a millionfold harvest
of slack. And the best part is
it'll only cost you $30. Now a lot of people are saying,
you think I'm gonna give up $30 for Bob?
Well, I'll tell you what. After July 5th,
1998 at 7 a.m., you might as well just wipe your ass
with that $30, because it ain't gonna buy you nothing. But if you
got that subgenius membership card, if you just got that subgenius membership card in your wallet,
all you gotta do is when them saucers come, hold it up high.
Hold it up high, and ye shall be raptured
up. Oh yes, ye shall be raptured up.
And pleasures untold shall be yours.
Oh.
Yes, yes, yes. Dr. LeHume
preaching there, the last Cleveland show.
About two or three months ago.
Yes, yes, Dr. LeHume, I miss you. I miss you.
It's a hell of a deal, man. But you know, it's kinda like
there's a room full of candles, friends. Great big room
full of candles. All those candles look so pretty, and the room looks so pretty. You can see
all the hangings and the paintings in the
room. And then you, but you look over there and you go, oh, look at that one
ugly candle. It's burning too bright. It's burning brighter
than all the other ones. It's unbalancing this
lovely composition. And not only that, but it's burning
from both ends. So you go, well, I guess we'll just put that one out.
And you put it out, and suddenly that room's hardly lit at all.
Oh yeah, there's plenty of other candles in there, but it's all dingy and dark looking.
And that's when you realize it was that one ugly candle
that was actually the only one that was making the room
look so pretty. Friends, Dr. LeHume
was a great man. He was
more than a man, he was a subgenius.
Whiskey and blood ran together
and mixed with the glass where they lay.
I heard the crash on the highway
but I didn't hear nobody
pray. I didn't hear nobody
pray, dear sister.
I didn't hear nobody pray.
I heard the crash on the highway
but I didn't hear nobody pray.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
. .
. .
. .
. .
. .
. . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3
. . . .
. . . . . . . .
. . .
. .
These shabby shoes I'm wearing all the time
Is full of holes and nails
And brother, if I stepped on a worn-out dime
I bet a nickel I could tell you if it was heads or tails
I'm not gonna worry wrinkles in my brow
Cause nothing's ever gonna be all right, no how
No matter how I struggle and strive
I'll never get out of this world alive
Well, well, Damien, I tell you, I know exactly how old Hank Williams feels in that song.
Ironically enough, that song, almost every little section of that song
describes something that's happened to me.
Especially the part about the shoes.
And just be glad you aren't sitting next to me smelling me.
I'm sure you've already thought of that.
It's been a long, long, long week and a long month.
And, well, my gobs, let's see what...
As the good...
Well, actually, the bad Dr. Nenslow posted,
he said,
Legume King.
In subgenius hell.
Nenslow said,
There's only one thing that ever need be said about Dr. Legume
to let you all know how entirely superior he is to all of you.
He could take a joke.
Legume is raping the torn-off neck stumps
of all your dead grandmas and grandpas
in subgenius hell right now.
And when you pasty-faced, chinless,
eight-eyed, question-mark-shaped,
sniveling, spineless segments of dog-tick-bowl get there,
he will do the same for you.
What really makes me mad is that it was him that died
and not you.
It's not too late to change half of that.
It could be the only worthwhile thing you ever did
in your whole baffled life.
You scum.
Signed, Nenslow.
Well, that was...
That was one comment on the death of Dr. Legume.
Let's see, oh, there's more of me
whining and weeping,
saying,
you know,
that some unknowing pink
would suddenly, randomly
latch on to green kryptonite.
It's just...
Well, it's improbable.
It's so improbable that it's still very hard for me to believe.
Anyone who knew Legume,
the superman of the Church of the Subgenius,
is probably reeling from the impending...
...implications because if any subgenius
was the unkillable survivor type,
it was he.
He was the one subgenius that you tended to think of
as somehow invulnerable
and for him, of all people,
to be called home
is hard to accept.
But there it is.
Why, friends, is the reality of this weird church
every bit as ironic
as its ha-ha black humor doctrinal output?
And the good Reverend Steve Bevilacqua,
who is my agent now, I guess,
I guess that's what you call him.
He's been the one that's setting up all these devivals.
He talked about Legume.
It was one of the first times he ever met him
or dealt with him.
He had scheduled this devial.
Hundreds of people were waiting to get into the auditorium
when a few frightened girls ran up to me.
Steve, there's...
there's...
there's...
there's a priest in the elevator
and he's got...
he's got a baseball bat and...
Calm down and tell me what happened, I said,
hugging the girl close for reassurance.
He looked at me, she said.
She said looked,
like he had done some sort of physical harm to her.
And...
Well, then he pointed the bat at me and said,
Do you believe in Bob?
And then the door opened and I ran.
There, there, I said,
sliding my hands to her waist for reassurance.
So he looked at you and asked you a question?
But it was the way he did it.
Hmm.
I was perplexed.
It seemed strange, but nothing to worry about.
I slid my hands a little lower for reassurance.
Suddenly the girl ran off into the multitudes.
She must have felt better by our talk.
So out of curiosity, I decided to check things out.
I walked over to the elevator.
The door slid open and out swaggered Dr. Legume.
But this was a different legume than the T-shirts
and jeans legume of Starwood.
This legume was...
dressed in priest's clothes complete with collar.
And he was wearing sunglasses, the mirrored cop variety,
and in his hand an aluminum bat that would become his signature.
Um...
Praise Bob, I said, hoping to get off on the right foot.
Kill Bob was his retort in an odd, almost hillbilly drawl.
I was stunned, but then he gave me this queer smirk,
letting me know everything was okay.
Well...
Dr. Legume, let's see.
Oh!
Oh, by the way, tattooed forever into his arm
was the Killing Time logo, the wings and clock complete with dagger.
Whenever I see it, I still think of it as Legume's personal symbol.
He took time control to an entirely different level.
Adopting the watch smashing was something all his own.
Into something all his own.
That night, I would watch as two half-naked women
bound and gagged a Dobbs impersonator,
and Legume ripped Bob's still-beating heart out of his chest,
threw it on the floor, and...
and pummeled him with the bat.
Hello, friends.
Bob Joe Mama here with a very serious and very sad duty to perform.
It is with heavy heart that I report the death of one of Bob's best preachers,
my friend and co-ranter, the Reverend Dr. Legume.
He was murdered on his motorcycle by a drunk driver on Saturday, August 26.
Those of you who are blessed to hear his fire-breathing diatribes know,
that Legume wasn't just familiar with Bob,
he was possessed with him.
He preached the real word of Bob, words of hate and power,
not the Uncle Tom, touchy-feely,
why-can't-we-just-get-along, politically-correct, mass-marketed version of Dobbs.
Of course, this made Legume a target.
The conspiracy labeled him controversial, polarizing, inflammatory.
Ever since he took his 12-gauge shotgun into that church in Pittsburgh
and shot a round through the roof while praising Bob,
the conspiracy has never forgiven him.
That's because Legume was more than just talk, friends.
He was action.
At work, the corporate hierarchy issued psychological profiles
for each of the peons to fill out in return for their analysis.
Legume took his, drew a big X on it, and added a little love note
telling the company's CEO that the test was a crock.
When the big boss heard that some lowly employee challenged his judgment,
he went ballistic.
Who would dare question his authority to dissect the brains of his employees,
fire them at once?
But Legume's supervisor refused because Legume did most of the work.
In fact, he was their best employee, so long as he was treated decently.
Eventually, the top brass backed down and Legume prevailed.
By standing up to them, he sent a chilling message the conspiracy would never forget.
Legume is not a team player.
Legume cannot be beaten down and pushed around.
Legume is not a team player. Legume cannot be beaten down and pushed around.
Legume makes waves.
His defiant example makes others stand up to authority as well.
Legume is a threat to his system.
He clogs the cogs.
He needs to be removed.
Now, on the eve of his East Coast tour, Legume is cut down,
prevented from spreading his message to thousands of needy subgenie.
Mere coincidence?
Oh, I think not.
We believers in Bob may not be geniuses, but we can still add two plus two.
We become a little suspicious when our rising stars end their careers just prior to launching them.
After all, it wasn't too long ago that Bob himself was silenced moments before addressing his largest live audience from a stage in San Francisco.
We admit this could have been a coincidence.
But how many coincidences does it take to establish a pattern?
As Legume himself was fond of saying,
Just cause you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you.
Oh, how right he was.
On the Friday night, 24 hours before his untimely death,
Legume phoned me to say he had just uploaded his very first recorded rant on the sacred 900 number of Bob.
It was the first of many he planned to deliver, rants that would tear the bleeding scab of silence off the gaping wound of conspiracy censorship.
When I later heard of his alleged accident,
I called the sacred 900 number to receive his spiritual guidance.
I wanted to hear his final words in hopes that they could shed some light on this senseless tragedy.
But alas, there was no Legume recording.
It had all been mysteriously erased, somehow, by someone, for some reason.
If the conspiracy thinks they can shut us up by incrimination, intimidation, or assassination, they have another thing coming, friends.
As the end times approach, expect them to get more and more desperate,
to resort to lower and dirtier tricks, to make us more and more suspicious.
But they're not.
They're just trying to achieve their sinister purposes.
On July 5th, 1998, we're going to see that they pay for their sins with interest.
If we're wrong and they're innocent of this particular crime, we apologize for nothing.
They can direct our anger to other schemes they committed against us,
a sea of sins we never detected until after X-Day.
Because starting then, we're going to dig up the toilet paper trail,
and follow it through every commode,
and nab every butthead who tried to wipe us out.
We've got a special hell reserved for those guilty of treason against Bob,
but we'll leave the details of it vague,
to dangle over their heads like a loose blade of the guillotine.
Because if there's one thing the conspiracy can't stand,
it's not knowing everything.
In the meantime, we'll fight on.
Legume was the sorcerer's apprentice, carrying water for Bob.
He cut down, accident or not, two more subgenies spring up to replace him.
If they fall, four more will appear, and then sixteen, and on and on and on,
because the essence of Legume is still alive, my friends.
His spirit lives, breathes, and fights in each and every one of us who stand up to the conspiracy.
We won't forget him, and we won't let the conspiracy forget him either.
We'll burn his name into the foreheads of the pinks, just like the cattle they represent.
Legume will be the thunder heard in the distance,
before the world splits in twain.
And once those end times arrive, in the pleasure saucer's land,
guess who'll be the bouncer guarding the gate?
It'll be Legume, with his skin head polished bright,
and his baseball bat ready for action.
I pity the fools who don't have their tickets, friends.
Because I know Legume, and if he can't punch their tickets,
well...
he'll find a convenient substitute.
Here endeth the word of Bob.
Praise Bob!
Amen!
And if you'd like more information about the Church of the Subgenius,
send a stamped, self-addressed envelope to Bob.
PO Box...
140306...
Dallas, Texas, Twin...
Oh, 75214...
Oh, seekers, I've got an odious thing coming up here, and I really...
I really can't quite think straight.
So let me change my ambiance here, because this isn't a very perky message.
Oh, God...
Oh, God...
Oh, God...
Oh, God...
Oh, God...
Oh, God...

Seekers, last week I received the devastating news from Father Joe Mama
that the glorious Dr. Katahdin Legume was cut down in his prime
on a lonely highway in Pennsylvania.
I was lucky in that the following show was Dr. Nolan Boyd's beat,
because the pain was too fresh for me to hold myself together.
I was even too distraught to listen to Dr. Legume treat myself.
tribute on the subgenius hotline last week and i missed out on that because the message has been
changed oh dr voids of impassioned eulogy basically said it all but i want to say a few words to send
this mighty man of bob off to his no doubt glorious afterlife in the best circles of subgenius heaven
or hell which the good dr legume would have no doubt preferred
for he lived a three-fisted life that none of us can equal he was truly walking the walk he was
living it he would wade fearlessly into the swarms of fundamentalist christians and proselytize for
bob and they would listen to him because he could squeeze their brains out through their noses like
a tube of cress oh he unsaved so many people so many people oh doctor
could you please forgive me i was so sorry for keeping you all waiting for you i'm good

Todd and Legume a debt of their life.
I'll always associate Dr. Legume
with the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer.
Oh, the head revealed things to him
that Stang himself didn't know.
Oh, when he was here in Atlanta,
it was Legume who found the dogma-shattering secret message
scrawled on the next stone.
St. Jane or Hypercleats will always be the man
who launches the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer
at our Church of the Subgenius Divivals.
But forevermore will I remember the smiling Dr. Katahdin Legume
lovingly clasping the head to his rock-hard bosom,
looking blissfully into Arnold's eyes.
Because he loved that head so.
He even married it once
in a beautiful short-duration marriage ceremony in Cleveland.
And the next time that head is launched,
there will be ghostly hands reaching out to pluck it
and say,
because I truly believe that it would take more
than a gas-guzzling Detroit-made steel-jagged projectile
to kill a primal horse like Dr. Katahdin Legume.
It'll take more than the grave to hold this overman back.
And if anyone could push the rock off of his own tomb,
it's the good doctor.
Because Dr. Legume truly is the three-fisted, swinging meat Jesus.
And I think I'd better be running scared
because Bob has a new right-hand man.
And when I build my church,
there will be a stained-glass window,
three feet tall, towering above the altar,
and it will be of Dr. Legume.
And he'll be cradling that head in one arm like a bloody infant.
And in his other hand, he'll brandish a titanium steel bat.
And he'll be glaring out at the assembled seekers
with one eyebrow raised,
staring each and every one of you right in the eye.
Oh, no.
No, he'll be looking at that sweet spot
six inches behind your head.
And you'd all better be watching your asses
because if you mew him out subgenius slogans spouting,
Bobby's ain't right with Bob,
Dr. Legume will have you spitting out your own teeth
like bloody chicklets.
So, Bob, speed you, good brother.
And may you always revel in the sweet, frothed gardens of Bob.
Thank you.
You deserve it, Dr. Legume,
because of all the men I've known,
he was the most subgenius.
¶¶
¶¶
And now, Dr. Nolan Void.
This, my inaugural show at the helm of Bob's Psych Time Funhouse,
was to have been a joyous occasion,
a celebration of a new era of slack.
But alas, my sharers in this mighty faith,
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶







¶¶
✱
On this, my first show as full-fledged host,
it has already fallen to my lot
to have to make the following announcement.
This is not, I repeat, this is not a joke.
It is with very deep sadness
and a very personal sense of loss
that I must announce the death last Saturday night
of Dr. Kitaton Legume.
According to the details I have received,
he was riding his Harley
and he got taken out by a drunk driver.
¶¶
I was told that his death was instant instantaneous and that nothing could have been done to save him
the church has lost a stalwart warrior for Bob and the world has lost one of its most slackful
free spirits ever words fail me my friends I can only say that I met Dr. Legume on the one
occasion at the revival here in Atlanta in July and of course I'd heard about him from the hour
of slack and like all of us thrilled to the power of his testimony on the radio but when I met him
I was most impressed by the impish sparkle of high intelligence in his eyes I was around him quite a
bit during his stay here and I can report that he was unfailingly polite and one of the funniest
storytellers I have ever met next week sister Susie who knew him better than I will no doubt
deliver a more detailed eulogy than I ever would but we'll see how that goes.

I am able. But let me add to my remarks that the struggle, our epic insurrection against the
conspiracy of normalcy, continues. True, we have lost an already legendary hero, but we, lesser
children of Bob, must close ranks to fill the breach he occupied and continue forward firm in
the certainty of our ultimate victory. To do our damnedest to topple the rule of idiots who are
destroying this planet and making it such a dull place in general is the single greatest tribute
that we, as subgeniuses, can pay this man, this fallen saint of our eternal faith. By all the
weirdnesses of fate, I, who hardly knew him, have ended up one of the handful of people on this
planet who possess an audio tape of Dr. LeGue's last public appearance for the church. Anyone who
was there knows that while our band was setting up between the national and local segments of the
revival, Dr. LeGue was not the only one who was there. He was the only one who was there. He was

the only one who was there. He was the only one who was there. He was the only one who was there.
Dr. LeGue returned to the stage and treated us all to an amazing round of completely impromptu
preaching and cussing and telling of tall tales and such. So this, not his planned sermon at the
revival which he had done earlier, this off-the-cuff tour de force is the actual final sermon of Dr.
Katahdin LeGue. It's a copy of a copy, so please bear with me on the quality, but believe it or
not, you are hearing this amazing performance by Dr. LeGue before even the end of the show.
Dr. LeGue, you are the one who has given Reverend Stang himself. We are moving quickly to get a tape to
Reverend Stang, however, and you will probably hear this again on the Hour of Slack. And now,
DragonCon 95, Atlanta Devival, the actual last sermon by the late, great Dr. Katahdin LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.

Dr. LeGue.

Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.



Dr. LeGue.

Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.
Dr. LeGue.
turned over in the road. There were people laying in snow banks with their legs sticking out.
And there were just crashed vehicles all over the road. But I made it. Ten miles an hour.
Five hundred miles. But I made it. And I made it to California. And the man who I had punched
out had woke up and he was looking over at me with what it looked like. The minute we get out of this car,
I'm gonna kill you. Oh yeah. And I looked down at the gas gauge and it was just on the border of empty.
And we were in the high desert of California. It was freezing cold and the wind was howling.
And I knew that if we ran out of gas, it was gonna take that nine millimeter parabellum out of the glove box
and put a slug through my head. Slug. And then I made a wrong turn. I made a wrong turn.
I'm riding down this road and there's nothing. There's not a house. There's not a tree.
Just howling wind and cold and long and lonesome road. Oh yeah. And then over the horizon when it looked like
we were doomed to be frozen in the desert, I seen a light. A light that blinked up over the horizon.
It was a gas station. And I stopped in the town of Washington.
I was in the town of Needles, California. And we got a tank full of gas. Gas.
And I went in to use the bathroom. And I looked at the wall over the back of the urinal.
And there on the white tile in black letters having been written with a big black felt tip marker with the words,
Bob loves you. Bob loves you. And I grabbed myself by the chest and I ripped my own heart out for Bob.
This is a true story, brother.
And I got out of it. And I walked out of that bathroom with a big smile on my face.
And I got in the car and I drove off and realized that that wrong turn took a hundred miles off my trip.
Yes. And that is the miracle of the dogs, brother.
I'm here to testify. The miracles are real if you know what to look for.
Yes. Oh yeah. You can walk around with your head up your ass forever.
You can walk around with your head up your ass. But you'll never see the light.
Yes.
Yes. You'll never see the light with your head up your ass.
You got to pull your head out and look around and say, there is light to be found.
There are miracles of Bob to be had. Yes.
Oh yes. And there is love. The love of Bob. The love that makes you stand right up.
The love that makes you say, oh yes.
Bob, go to town, baby. Go to town. Lay your miracles down on me.
Go to town. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Emptying the ashes from your pipe upon me.
Did I make it a contact buzz through my skin?
Bob, it's hot. Oh yeah.
Pack my pipe with your love. Bob, pack your pipe with my love.
Bob, pack your pipe with slack. Slack.
Pack your pipe with froth. Pack your pipe with eternal salvation. Slack.
Oh yes. And that's what Bob's going to do for you, brothers.
That's what Bob's going to do for you, sisters.
He's going to pack your pipe and never shall your pipe go empty.
Slack. Oh yes.
You shall smoke for eternity with Bob.
Or you can smoke for eternity with Satan. Slack.
You can smoke burning in hell. You can smoke burning in heaven.
But the best smoke is the smoke that comes from the pipe of Bob. Slack.
Oh yes, my brethren.
The last sermon by the late, great, departed Dr. Katahdin Lagume.
And yet, my fellow semi-Yetties, we must remember that our faith can yet sustain us, even through these times of sorrow and loss.
We know that according to the promise, the deal, the contract we have with Bob, that Dr. Lagume can never really die.
As a paid up and saved member of this glory, I am not going to die.
But I am going to be a part of this glorious, this mighty Church of the Subgenius.
We can be assured that Dr. Lagume is looking down upon us even now from Asgard,
as he regales the very gods with the story of the man with no legs.
Also, my brethren, I'd like to mention that the Church of the Subgenius' 900 number has been set up
for the benefit of Dr. Lagume's family.
And the number, it's a tribute to Dr. Lagume.
It's five minutes long.
It's $2 a minute.
So we're talking about just $10 here.
Just $10 apiece for the bereaved family.
$10 apiece from each of you, that is, for the bereaved family of Dr. Lagume.
That number is as follows.
1-900-990-7000.
1-900-990-7000.

5085.
extension 324.
Like I said, that's a benefit line set up by the Church for the family of Dr. Lagume.
It's just $10 a pop.
I don't think it's too much to ask you.
This is the first announcement anywhere on the Subgenius radio network of the 900 line.
And so this is a great opportunity to show the church that we here in Atlanta are numerous and strong in the faith
and that we're willing to help out a fallen brother and especially the family of a fallen brother.
I think you think about it, it's just 100 people, if just 100 people called into that line,
that would be another thousand dollars for the family of this man who are grieving over his loss even as we are ourselves.
I'm going to go ahead and fade out a little bit here and leave you with the doors for a few minutes.
I'll be coming back in just a few more minutes with a little reminder about the number.
Now here's a tribute to Dr. McGeough and here are the doors.
Desperate love.
What can I say, dear friends?
Well, I can give you the subgenius PO box. I can always do that.
That would help.
And that 1-900 number again.
But first, I would like to continue with Reverend Steve Bevilacqua's memoir here about Dr. Legume.
He's talking about how on the night at a devival in Cleveland after Legume had ripped Bob,
still beating heart out of his chest.
I lost sight of Dr. Legume for a moment in the throngs of crazed and shouting people,
but he reemerged, clenching a brain proudly in his grasp.
The brain of Bob, he shouted.
A round of oohs and aahs rippled through the crowd.
I stood on a chair wondering what could possibly happen next.
With great reverence, he placed the brain on a table, raised the bat above his head,
and with both hands began pummeling the gushy organ.
Again and again, the aluminum and flesh becoming one.
The brain slid from the table with a plop.
Legume retrieved it and held it skyward.
You cannot kill the brain of Bob!
Legume was on a roll.
It is indestructible, but you can eat the brain of Bob.
With both hands firmly holding the brain, Legume dug his face into the pink fleshy mass.
This is where I began.
I began to lose hold of my own reality.
The last thing I remembered was the good Dr. Legume tossing pieces of brain around the room.
I don't know what to say.
This is a terrible loss.
Legume was and will always be the model of a true subgenius.
He did it because it was fun.
He enjoyed entertaining people.
In fact, it was hard to get him to stop once he took the stage.
But most of all, he was genuine, completely real.
It took me a long time to realize that.
I was talking to him only a few minutes later.
A few days ago about some gigs I was setting up in which he was to play a major part.
And I was telling him how great I thought his ranting was.
He explained to me why.
You know why it's good, don't you?
Because it's real!
When I'm up there, that's me.
Everything you see is what I am.
It's genuine.
It's not just some act.
You know that, right?
And Dr. G. Gordon Gordon to go on imitating my friends.
Dr. G. Gordon Gordon.


Mercenary for Bob.
He said,
I couldn't agree more.
I met Dr. Legume at the Chicago con and we partied down.
Now he's done the 40 frame...
40 frame...
I don't think I can do Dr. Gordon.
Now he's done the 40 frame fade to black.
Just when new blood and testosterone promised to put some balls back in the church.
I admired the man.
I saw great potential in it.
Figured.
I jumped drunk got him.
He went fast, went hard, and was a true doctor.
I will miss him and would gladly trade most of the internet subscribers to get him back.
Of course, if we got hold of his body and enough dupes and bobbies to supply sufficient life force to reanimate him...
But, nah.
It would take the nantescence of doctors to bring him back all the way.
Oh well.
The fightin' Jesus and someone to cover his back when metaphysical ass-kicking time rolls by.
around. Saludos, amigo, we miss you. As Dr. Nenslow said, listen, Legume used up more living
and five minutes of dreamless sleep than you hunks of coke, pod, vomit altogether will use in your
entire lives. Even as an urn full of scorched calcium chunks, he's bigger, smarter, sexier,
and scarier than your most naive comic book style wish fantasies of what you would rather be
than the pale, puking, worthless wretch you are. Killing yourself won't bring Legume back,
but it won't hurt to try. And Sister Tarla Star, on the day that Legume was to be cremated,
she said, remember, this is the day he burns, so act accordingly. I wonder if a hit of Dr. Legume
would get you high. Well, friends, it's
time to say goodbye.
Time for us to do that 40 frame fade to black ourselves. And, uh, I'm gonna give you the
subgenius post office box number. That's Bob at a post office box 140306. That's 140306 Dallas, Texas
75214. And if you're on the World Wide Web, try sunsight.unc.edu slash subgenius. And by next
week, we'll be able to tell you where to hear the Hour of Slack any time of day and lots of old
shows over the internet. Anywhere in the entire planet, if you've got a normal or a normal, or a
ordinary home computer. Thank you, dear friends, and, uh, good night. Oh, uh, this music in the
background is D.K. Jones.
That 900 number once again to benefit the family of Dr. Legume. Five minute message, two dollars a minute. It is 1-900-990-5085 extension 324.
4.
We're gonna go ahead and take you on out here with the doors. The very moving last verse of the end.
This is the.
This is the.
This is the.

My.
This is the.
It has to set you free.
But you'll never follow.
Oh, well.
That sounded pretty bad anyway, didn't it?
That's the problem, you know, with these subgenius shows. They sound bad.
But, you know, as bad and crazy as this church sometimes seems, as Dobbs once said.
As.
As.
As.
As 1998 draws closer, normal, everyday reality will get to seem so crazy that the Church of the Subgenius will become the only thing that makes sense.
This is my testimony.
Thank you.
