🎵
Nice to welcome you along. Good morning.
We have on the live line, live from Dallas, Texas, the Reverend Ivan Stang.
It's alive!
It's alive!
From the Church of the Subgenius, good morning, Reverend Stang.
Good morning, Patrick.
Well, I'm going to have to get a slick intro for my radio show like you've got.
Yeah, you really do need to do it. Of course, you do the hour.
Everything about it is dislocated, dreamy, and agitated.
Hallucinatory, higgledy-piggledy panoramas like some deranged overview of Mr. Rogers' neighborhood.
A bird's-eye view of the lower depths.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station.
And only in the city of...
Here's your host.
My name is Mike.
His name is Bob.
Bob is the Slackjord leader of...
Bob is the Slackjord leader of...
Bob is the Slackjord leader of this gang of ragamuffin dopers.
It doesn't take much to be the leader of this pack.
Bob wins out through the sheer...
Savvy.
He may be perpetually groggy from the residue of a thousand fixes.
Bob is the Slackjord leader, but when he's pulling off a robbery, he's surprisingly agile and quick-witted.
He also has as many superstitions as a professional gambler.
Bob and his gang want to get rich and stay high.
Has the soulful, famished look of the undead.
Which, in a sense, is what he is.
Yes, in a sense, that's what he is.
Our Slackjord leader.
Well, my dear friends, please join me in welcoming you to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
A very special hour of Slack tonight because...
If you only knew what we've been through in the last 40 minutes.
If you had any idea...
We have no idea.
If we had any idea what we've been through...
In the last 40 minutes, you would know why, despite what will soon become apparent as a seeming lack of preparation...
In fact, the last 40 minutes has wonderfully prepared us for what we need to do here tonight because...
The hate.
I have so much hate in me now.
I believe everyone here shares that.
Do we all not feel hate?
Everyone that hates, say, I hate.
But...
Oh, oh, okay.
Very good.
So, it's going to be an unusual hour because although one of us...
Usually, yeah.
Where's that mic?
Sorry.
Mic.
Tonight's show will be a little unusual in that although we're missing one of our usual participants, i.e. Reverend Stang, who is not here tonight...
We have a guest.
We have a special guest.
Yes.
Bernard Herman is here with us tonight.
Ah.
And we'll be getting to that special guest at...
Soon.
Very soon.
As soon as we all warm up.
And we're not quite warmed up here yet, so...
Ah.
Yes.
We've been piddling for the last 40 minutes, but again, everything that has transpired since then has only fueled...
Our enormous swelling...
Driving...
Hatred.
So, let's...
Let's...
Let's try this, shall we?
And please, if you have any questions, just call here at the station.
We'll endeavor to...
Endeavor, attempt to answer a question or two.
So, stay tuned.
Praise Bob.
Let there be slack.
Thank you.
Thank you.


I metal do была...
Friend, at my waltz.
You know that he likes club music.
í
We don't know how to vote out here.
Does he tell us how to vote on national debates, what side to take?
No, actually, as a matter of fact, the difference between Bob and the conspiracy is he will not tell you what to think.
He forces you to think for yourself.
Bob says pull the wool over your own eyes and relax in the safety of your own delusions.
I see.
As for the meaning of life...
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Ivan, I've got to stop you here.
How can he be a religious leader and not tell you how to vote?
Isn't that kind of un-American?
Uh-oh.
You have a point there.
Maybe I'm in the wrong church.
Yeah, I mean...
I bet Tilton would pay better than Bob.
Well, that's...
I may switch over to Tilton. He's here in Dallas, too.
I know he is.
All right, go ahead.
The meaning of life, he has in 25 words or less.
Meaning of life, Reverend Stang.
Well, it's X-rated.
I can't tell you over the radio.
Okay.
There's a word for it.
It's what you're thinking.
All right, thanks for your call.
Okay, well, let's take another call here.
Here is another Jim.
Jim, you're on WNIS with the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Well, I'm the Reverend Jim Foley of the Temple of the Ultimate Orgasm.
Oh, he's got the meaning of life down.
Okay.
I just...
A buddy of mine called me up and insisted I turn you on.
This is the second time I've listened to your program,
and I've never had so many...
Well, so far you haven't turned me on, Jim.
Well, I had the opportunity to start my own church and be a bishop if I wanted to.
Got it framed in the...
Got it framed, cost me $50, and it sits over my toilet.
Oh, that's wonderful.
All right, so you're truly king of your throne then, aren't you?
Well, I just decided that the Temple of the Ultimate Orgasm was the place to be.
We call that throne the throne of extra meditation.
Well, let me ask you something, Reverend Stang.
Do you feel like Jim has found true slack?
Oh, the...
Probably on the throne, I'm sure.
Absolutely.
And I also became a minister in the...
Oh, gosh, what's it called?
The one in Modesto.
The Universal Life Church.
Yeah, how could I forget?
They're the classic tax write-off.
Well, I think that's terrific.
I've never tried the tax write-off thing,
because I think it requires registering with the state and what have you.
But as I understand it, if I find myself three members of a congregation,
everything I own can go into the church,
Pretty much.
and it would be absolutely untaxable.
I could even go to the grocery store with a tax stamp or a tax card,
and they would not charge me any taxes on my groceries,
but I'm just too chicken to try it.
Well, that's a good idea, because they're really cracking down on that kind of thing.
All right.
They crack down on it as long as I can prove that I've got three congregants.
I mean, you know, it might be a little bit interesting to go to court with it.
Jim, make sure all three of your congregants are lawyers.
Okay?
Well, it would probably help, but I mean, as long as you've got three family members.
I mean, a man with a wife and two children has got it knocked.
All right.
Thanks for your call, Jim.
Okay.
All right.
We'll be right back with the Reverend Ivan Stang, the Church of the Subgenius.
If you have questions, and I'm sure...
Hang up signal.
That's beside the point.
You know, I'm really disappointed that people haven't called in angry.
I mean, what is this country coming to when, you know,
when slackmasters can get on the radio?
And advertise a church like this?
We can't advertise a church like this.
That's...
The meatballs have not been...
Yes, the footsteps of the Dobbs as he approaches.
The
Here is her kin sanitized.
The man who claims to be...
The man who claims to be a visitor from the future year, 1990.
Good.
Good.
Come in, Herr Sanitize.
Please, make yourself comfortable.
Leave us alone now, Borben.
But, mein Fuhrer...
Leave!
Yes, mein Fuhrer.
Well now, Herr Sanitize, I trust you've been treated well?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Oh, just call me Fuhrer.
Oh, thanks, Fuhrer.
I must tell you, Herr Sanitize,
when I first heard of your...
claim to be from the future,
I was sure it was a hoax.
Perhaps even a plot to assassinate me.
But I realized that if in the future
time travel does become possible,
the Germans will be the only race capable of developing it.
And the first person that future historians will want to meet
is the man who forever changed the world.
Me, Adolf Hitler.
Isn't that correct, Herr Sanitize?
Uh, yeah, sure, Fuhrer.
In fact, it's...
Of course it is.
And the very fact that you're here...
is proof that Germany is destined to win the war.
Um, sure.
Of course, Fuhrer.
Every school kid knows that, yeah, Germany won the war.
I knew it was true.
You are from the future.
And this is a testament.
Providence is protecting me in my historic mission
by giving me this glimpse into the future.
Now then, tell me, Herr Sanitize,
what was the turning point in the war?
Um, oh, that's easy, sure.
It was your brilliant leadership during the Normandy invasion.
Normandy!
So that's where they're coming!
Oh, no, no, no.
That's where they wanted you to think it was coming.
But, uh, you were way too smart for that.
I-I was?
Sure, you were the one who guessed that the whole thing was a giant hoax
designed to drain your panzers away from the Russian front,
where the real invasion came from.
Oh, they'll land even a few troops,
try to make it look good,
and your generals will scream for reinforcements.
But, just like the history books say,
thanks to your iron will, every request will be ignored.
After the big Allied rout on the Eastern Front,
it's down the drain for the big three.
Oh, really, really? Go on, go on!
Well, it's a great blow to their prestige.
Eventually, the pact between Stalin and the West falls apart,
Roosevelt loses the election, and Germany goes on to victory.
I knew it would happen.
Only a drunken idiot like Churchill
could believe in an alliance with the Bolsheviks.
Aside from the fact that I've always regarded Roosevelt
as a madman, guilty of the worst crimes under international law.
Don't worry. He gets his in the end.
After the Americans surrender,
there are big war crimes trials held in, uh, Philadelphia.
Sure, they became known as the, uh, Philadelphia trials.
Serves him right,
especially with that ridiculous cigarette holder.
Why, when I get my hands on him, I'll...
I'll have him shot, drawn, quartered,
I'll... I'll haul him up to a meat hook on Piarowa.
And then... then I'll have him cremated,
his ass... his ass!
And then his ashes will be strewn on some deserted alley,
so that no one will have even a grave to place flowers on.
Uh... uh... well, I guess even I'm not that cruel.
Although I'm sure that my enemies would be.
You know, as long as I'm here,
I might as well give you some more help.
You know all that research on, like, super weapons,
atomic explosions?
Yes, yes.
Save your money, Fuhrer.
Please call me Adolf.
Thanks. Anyway, A-bombs, they don't work.
It's scientifically impossible.
I knew it!
That Einstein and all that hocus-pocus science,
they're all a bunch of swindlers.
Why, we've been spending millions of Reichsmarks on this,
and I might add with my serious misgivings.
Don't you think it's much better to work on the V-2 rockets?
Sure, Adolf, baby.
But you know how your generals claim
that the rockets can't reach the U.S. from Europe?
Oh, when I suggested that,
my... my experts said they'd fall harmlessly into the Atlantic.
Wrong.
Once again, your famous intuition saves the day, Adolf.
In fact, it's a V-2 attack which destroys New York
and forces the collapse of the U.S.
Brilliant!
I'm even a greater genius than I thought!
Now, wait a minute.
Let's see.
I want to get this all down on paper.
Uh, uh, start firing V-2s at the U.S.,
drop A-bomb research.
Oh, and yes, all Panzers to the Eastern Front
the moment that phony Normandy business starts.
Oh, well, thank you, Herr Sanatise.
I'm so sure of it.
I'll send out my group and Fuhrer Fegelin
to the Eastern Front this time
with two boxes of iron crosses
for the boys who fight most heroically.
Ah, you better make it three.
Oh, yes, three. Even better.
Well, Fuhrer, it looks like my job here is done.
I can't tell you what an honor it is to be meeting you.
You're just as sharp as the history books say.
Well, thank you, Herr Sanatise.
It's comforting knowing that good will eventually win out over evil.
Uh, say, before you go,
I couldn't help but notice those charming photograph records
you're carrying under your arm there.
I don't suppose you might let me in on the secret.
Do the Nazis have a big effect on music in the future?
Oh, well, as a matter of fact,
every one of these records sort of has, like, maybe a Nazi theme.
Let me play one for you.
Oh, goody. You know how I love good music.
Mm-hmm.
Ah.
Hitler.
Adolf Hitler.
Hitler on ice.
Ah, it's ironic, wouldn't you say?
It certainly is ironic since I had to traverse the ice to get here,
and yet as I was skidding across that highway and byway of the icy icicles,
which some have called a highway, I couldn't help but reminisce
how the icy icicles reminded the subgenie of their duty to their fellow man,
that cold, hateful feeling that we extend to all members of all races,
colors, and creeds, especially ourselves,
during these the most joyous of times, the holidays.
So it's kind of apropos that you play the little Nazis there
because...
you know, like them, we hate too, but we hate more, more than them.
We even hate ourselves, and that is where the joy is.
Because one cannot know what it is to feel hate
unless one actually extends out and beyond his fellow man
and back inward into the depths of his own soul
and truly hates himself.
Only a man can...
Well, ladies and gentlemen, if you have not guessed,
we do have a guest here with us in the studio this evening.
This guest, Jeans...
Oh.
Oh.
Father Joe Mama is here with us again tonight.
It's been a while, hasn't it?
It's been a little while.
They tried to assassinate me with the highway trickery,
but it didn't work.
I got here nonetheless.
Well, they'll trick you, Father Mama.
They'll do their best.
Now it's my turn to get even.
Even, yes.
Even and then some.
Well, just since you're here,
I assume you have...
You have a...
Something you might want to say to our audience.
Who is a...
Oh, they all love you, by the way.
They are...
I did do a little thinking.
You know, when you're driving, you can't help but let a few ideas...
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
...jog across your mind there,
and there's some evil thoughts,
but I'm not sure if you want to share those little thoughts
with the listeners this early in the show.
It might scare them away.
Yes, well, what better way to test our listeners,
to separate the wheat from, shall we say, the chaff?
Or the sheaf.
The chaff.
Well, we can't say that.
It's a bit early.
It is a bit early for that, Father Marlon.
The elevator?
Oh, okay.
Oh, yeah.
Of course.
Going down, so to speak.
So to speak, as it were, yes.
Well, are you saying that...
Whenever you are ready.
I did jot up a few little notes here,
and this one's entitled a very special,
a very special sermon,
and it's entitled Pumping Bob.
Because, you see, friends,
it all goes back to that quest of the thirsty heathen
who was crawling through the hot, shifting sands
of the Mojave Desert in search for water.
This heathen, he did not know where he was.
This heathen, he did not know he was in the Mojave Desert,
but he did know he was in a desert.
And more importantly, he knew that if he did not drink something soon,
he would perish and become a dead, dehydrated dinner
for the same vultures that provided the only shade
whenever their bodies flew between him and the piercing sun.
So you can imagine how relieved our wayward wanderer was
when he saw an old-fashioned handpump,
protruding from the distant sand mound.
With his last ounce of energy,
he crawled up the dune to the rusty pump
and fanatically pumped away.
But alas, not a drop,
not even a cough,
to sputter, or a little
choke of hope,
just the shrill, clankety-clank of vapor lock,
all seemed lost.
And yet, even as our hot, helpless heathen
collapsed at the base of the pump,
he used his final calories of life
to roll over on his back and beg the heavens,
Lord God Almighty, grant me a miracle.
And then, out of the clear blue sky,
a drop of moisture fell upon his face,
and then another, and then another.
Yes, with disbelieving eyes,
our desperate desert dweller looked up,
skyward.
He could not cry,
for he had no tears to shed.
It took his shriveled eyeballs
a moment to filter out the blinding sun rays
to see the source of his salvation.
It was the vultures emptying their bowels
in preparation of the upcoming feast.
The traveler was furious.
He grabbed fists of sand
and threw them towards the birds,
but to no avail.
The sand merely fell back in his eyes,
causing him more irritation.
He cursed his God.
He stomped about, kicking the dust,
when, quite unintentionally,
he stomped his toe on something buried in the ground.
The pain gave him new strength.
He yanked the dirty jar from the earth
and aimed to toss at the buzzards.
But during the windup,
he felt a sloshing from within.
With dire anticipation,
he scraped the dirt from the labor,
and it read,
This jar contains water.
Do not drink it.
Use it to prime the pump,
and then refill it when finished.
Thank you, and have a nice day.
Well,
well, well, well, well!
I don't need to tell you what a predicament
this put our poor protagonist in.
If he drank the contents of the jar,
he would have to have his thirst quenched,
only temporarily.
But if he put his faith in the message,
he could have the everlasting liquid of life
in limitless liters.
Now, which would you do, dear listener?
Or to be more precise,
which have you already done?
For every day, dear friends,
you are faced with the same,
the same dilemma
as our thirst-quenched,
starving,
dehydrated desert dweller.
You see,
the everlasting liquid of life
is slack.
And the message
that you must believe to receive
this most everlasting of life
is the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Believe in him,
and you will receive his slack
in everlasting quantities.
Not just a taste here,
or a gulp there,
but an abundance of slack
every which way.
You will drown in life's pleasures
Monday through Friday,
weekends to boot.
But you see,
the conspiracy wants to keep you
on a tight chain.
They don't want to give you
any slack at all.
But they do so grudgingly
since you need it to survive
to serve them.
They give you the weekends
and some time to set aside
so you can recharge
and have another
life-sustaining drop of slack.
Most folks,
they use this opportunity
to mow their yards
or wash their cars
or attend their conspiracy churches.
Somewhere in between,
they do get a drop or two
of slack or else they die.
Such are the bare necessities
of humans.
But how much they get
is what the conspiracy
tries so hard to control.
Like the dehydrated traveler,
they want to ration it out to you
with an eyedropper,
drop by drop,
so you'll always be
at their mercy,
ready to fulfill
their every whim.
They control you
through your ignorance.
They tell you
Bob's a joke,
a myth,
some kind of
hocus-pocus circus magic.
The only true religions,
according to them,
are the ones who are not.
They're the ones
their state owns
and operates.
Christianity,
Judaism,
Islam,
fill in the blank,
whatever it is.
There's a thousand
different religions
with a thousand
different rules.
But all their rules
and religions
have one thing
in common, dear friends.
They tell you
that slack is bad.
Slack is evil.
Slack is the work
of the devil.
Oh, it's hard to believe,
isn't it, dear friends?
And yet,
most of the world
believes exactly that.
Only J.R. Bob Dobbs
has the gonads
to tell the emperor
the naked truth.
Only Bob
is standing up
and stating the obvious,
the universal truth.
It's good
to feel good.
It's bad
to feel bad.
If man were meant
to feel guilt,
he wouldn't have been
born with a bob.
While the conspiracy
is telling you
you gotta serve somebody,
Bob is saying
serve yourself.
Take as much slack
as you want.
It's not a rare commodity.
This planet is covered with it.
You only need to know
where to look.
And, dear friends,
that same Bob Dobbs
wants to be your guide.
For as he said so himself
many years ago,
you could give a man a fish
and you'd fed him for a day.
But teach a man
to fish wallets
and you'd fed him forever.
So,
what's it going to be,
dear friends?
A conspiracy-recommended
daily allowance of slack?
Or a complete,
unadulterated,
drown-in-your-own-pleasures
orgy of slack
where you
and only you
say when you've had enough?
The choice
is yours.
For as Dobbs
so adroitly observed,
you can lead a man to slack,
but you can't
make him drink it.
Here endeth
the word of Bob.
Bob,
praise Bob.
Amen.
Amen, indeed.
Amen, indeed.
Father.
Father, Joe Mama,
my, my word.
Praise Bob, friends.
That was,
that was awe-inspiring.
I'm sitting here in awe.
Awe.
The whole,
well,
Father Mama,
thank you so,
so much.
It was a,
truly an exciting experience.
Um,
tell us,
what, what,
what brings you
to our fair Metroplex
this,
this
snowy weekend?
The evil that men do.
Oh, Bob, you mean?
The evil that men do?
Yes, yes.
And we, we,
we all, we know,
we know who's been watching.
That show,
the, the prayer,
this is the prayer of the,
the peaky.
I don't know if you've seen that or not.
Visual.
You, you wouldn't understand.
Well, uh, dear friends,
uh, again, uh,
should you have any questions about any of,
any of this,
it should be pretty obvious after that.
Stay tuned.
We'll be back.
will see you tomorrow.
We'll do this.
I think you guys like the,
you, you like the idea of.
Oh yeah,




it's more likely we'll see you next week.
I said that because I don't want all of our writers and的
references that be,
Not.
Yes.
So there you go.


Ah, thank you, Rita.
We got all the way through it this time.
Again, thanks to Father Joe Mama.
We'll maybe hear a bit more from him later.
But now, I think it's time for those strains,
those musical strains that we all look so forward to
here at the Hour of Slack.
I know I do.
Hello out there in Radioland.
It's time once more for another exciting installment
of the Papa Prell Show.
I am your host,
the Papa Prell,
and tonight, I'm going to present to you
empirical evidence that the media lies.
Yes, I know everyone believes everything they hear,
see, and read in the news.
I also realize that the U.S. media
dominates all the other news agencies internationally,
but that does not give it credibility.
On the contrary,
in order to hold a monopoly on the media manipulation,
the network news conspiracy must control
all arms of the news-gathering octopus.
I know, I know,
you don't believe me,
and that's good, you shouldn't believe me.
But why do you believe them instead?
Are they any more believable than yours truly, Papa Prell?
After all, I just state the obvious.
Have I ever said one thing that you didn't already know
or agree with anyhow?
Jimmy Carter was an idiot, the liberals are wimps,
we should go bomb Iran.
I could go on and on, but you've heard it all the first time
and you knew it was true then.
The media, on the other hand, well,
they fabricate the most unbelievable baloney
and you take it as fact.
Without any proof other than a few doctored photographs
or some old Hollywood reenactments of events
that never took place.
Take the moon landing, for example.
Do you really believe that we sent human beings
all the way up there?
What evidence is there?
Radio transmissions?
They can be faked.
Photographs?
They can be doctored.
A few moon rocks?
Can you tell the difference?
You took it all on faith, didn't you?
Because the news media told you it was true
and some politician took the credit.
Which do you think is more expensive anyhow?
Bribing the American press?
Or building an honest-to-God space program?
I mean, you saw what happened to the Challenger
when we really did try to launch a satellite, didn't you?
Who knows?
Maybe even that was fake.
Maybe they're trying to collect the insurance.
I don't know.
The media conspiracy can do anything it wants.
It owns all the avenues of communication.
It's a guild, a union.
No one else is allowed to do business
unless they tow the potty line.
Just by saying this, I put myself in grave danger.
My show may be canceled at any time.
My life's work and reputation erased from the public file.
1984 wasn't a science fiction.
It was a blueprint, a proposal on how to control reality.
Goebbels spilled the beans way back in the 30s when he said,
tell the people a lie long enough and they'll believe it.
We fought Hitler in World War II
because his media machine was becoming as powerful as ours.
And the public consciousness can't be confused
with two different realities at one time.
What?
You thought we fought Hitler because he was a tyrant and killed his own people?
Oh boy.
You probably thought we fought the Civil War to free the slaves too, huh?
Well, I shouldn't expect too much from you.
After all, I was fooled too when I fought in that war.
World War II, that is, not the Civil War.
I'm not that old yet.
But didn't it ever seem a little inconsistent
that we would team up with Russia and China to defeat Germany and Japan
when our own allies killed more of their own citizens in peace?
In peace time?
Than our enemies did at war and peace combined?
Who knows how many people Roosevelt killed?
He had the concentration camps and railroad cars to do it.
Why do you think they're paying off the survivors four billion dollars?
So they'll keep their mouths shut, that's why.
Fortunately for you, however, I have not been bought out.
At least not yet, anyway.
And I'm gonna keep telling the truth until everyone knows it.
Here, then, is the proof scientifically presented and irrefutable evidence,
Here, then, is the proof scientifically presented and irrefutable evidence,
The media lies!
The following report was taped off the television just a few nights ago.
A news program that many of you know and trust.
This propaganda is aimed at discrediting me and my family
because we know too much, and they're afraid the public will believe us.
Already my firstborn has been assassinated.
Who knows when the next knock on the door will sound?
Once we're all killed, they'll go assassinate all of our characters
like they did poor Allen Juniors.
Listen, then, to this report.
Just you listen.
I was so shocked I couldn't even operate my VCR in time to get it all on tape.
And on top of that, I erased over one of my favorite soaps.
But here it is, then, the proof you've all been waiting for.
That everything you know is lies!
The media lies!
...has a way with women.
But not really the normal way.
Though reportedly been married eight times, is the father of many children,
he's been divorced once.
Our Bill McGowan, the father of many children, has been divorced once.
That's right.
Bill McGowan, producer Hilary Palatnik, tell us it's something that makes his other seven wives as mad as you know what.
He was a con man from way back.
He had numerous affairs while he was married to my mother.
I heard rumors about him, but they were so bizarre, you know, about him maybe being married or, you know,
some of the things he did.
And I said, you know, I'm not going to listen to that effect.
I said, you know, this just doesn't happen.
He was my husband, and if it was up to me, you know, I would really go track this man down.
I would have to really spill some blood.
He'd have to swing.
Everyone wants a piece of Alan Prel, Jr.
It's always been that way.
His rugged good looks, well-renowned sexual appetite, and smooth radio voice left women falling at his feet.
Now, he's a man of his word.
Now it's his body they're after, along with the police and 16 million viewers of America's Most Wanted.
Tonight's Most Wanted has moved around a lot, but wherever he goes, women seem to follow.
So do the police.
They say Alan Prel is a con man, a repeat offender, and he's got six wives waiting to prove it.
Every time the show starts, I would really get nervous.
Oh, I would just say, I wonder who's going to be on it, and what did they do, and who did they do it to?
And is this person in our neighborhood?
In your neighborhood would be shocking enough, but what about in your house?
When Lena watched America's Most Wanted on Easter Sunday, the bigamists they were after sounded a lot like Lena's new brother-in-law.
And as the program continued, the family resemblance was unmistakable.
And then they started with, you know, this man is from Virginia, and I said, what a coincidence.
And they said, this man work in broadcasting.
I said, well, what do you know?
And he's dealt with horses.
I said, how about that?
I said, you know what?
I said, I have this feeling this is our person here.
I know it made my hair stand on end because I was so shocked.
I mean, they had to give me aspirin and water and try to calm me down because I just couldn't believe it.
Lena called 911 thinking only how her sister would take the news.
For better or for worse, now had a whole new meaning.
I was worried. I was concerned for what she was going to feel.
I said, this is going to be a very big shock to her.
And I didn't want to tell her because I was afraid that she might tell me.
And that she might give him her keys and he would run away.
I believed that she would do that.
You know, when you're in love, you do all kinds of things.
I don't think that he ever loved my sister.
I don't believe he loved anyone.
You know, I think he just loved himself.
I mean, you don't abandon five children and then get three more.
Abandon those and get two, three more and never look over your shoulder.
Lena's information soon reached Lewis P. Axhandle, the detective assigned to track Prell down.
Axhandle had studied Prell for some time and had a good idea how Prell operated.
We felt like he'd be caught because we felt like he would be with a woman somewhere
and possibly have already gotten married again.
And we were right.
He says the things that those people would like to hear and he gains their confidence.
And then he takes advantage of those things that he wants, whether it be assets or whatever,
and then he moves on.
The courts had been trying to locate Prell since 1974 when he was first charged with bigamy.
Prell had married at least four other women since 1965, including Susan Studd.
I think he used the voice, the radio voice, on people.
He used it on everybody and I was no exception.
Hey, gorgeous.
I just hope you don't mind me mentioning you got just about the best pair I've ever seen.
A pair of blue jeans, that is.
What are they, painted on?
Boy, you really are a little dish, aren't you?
Say, how would you like to fix me dinner, huh?
You'd like that, wouldn't you?
And you fix the dinner and I'll provide the dessert.
Boy, I think you and I could make a little rendezvous.
Oh, no, no, don't worry about this ring.
That's just for decoration.
That's just to scare off the girls in the back.
Susan married Prell nine months after they met in 1967.
By 1972, he was gone.
I was pregnant with my fourth child.
I had three small children.
I had no money.
I mean, zero.
No money, no food, no diapers for the children.
I had to move back in with my parents.
We can document at least eight cases.
And we know of just information I've gathered from other people, probably 12 cases.
And probably one legitimate divorce.
Alan Prell's career as a family man began in 1957 when he married Gladys Ware.
Together, they had two children.
Gladys has the dubious distinction of being the only woman known to be legitimately divorced from Prell.
And according to her daughter,
even that was the result of a trick.
She says Prell told her mother they needed to divorce temporarily
so he could retain ownership of a radio station.
A technicality, he said.
But before the ink was dry on the papers, Prell was gone.
Then a few years later, he thought, well, he'll try to come back to my mother.
And he said, just sweet talked her,
Condor, baby, I love you, and I love the kids, and I want to make it up to you.
Please come back to me.
And she fell for it.
Went back with him.
And they moved to Knoxville, Tennessee.
And there, for her to only find out that he was already married,
when she got there, he came home wearing the wrong wedding band.
And that tormented my mother.
I feel a lot of pain and angry for what he did to my mother.
Gladys would not go on record without her lawyer.
But we did obtain these comments from a deposition she gave police.
Yeah, we got married on the radio.
Of course, that was before we got it in his gut.
I suppose he was a bit of a commodity back then.
But I decided to trade him back in in 78.
You know, divorce.
Yeah, he was a two-time all right.
Time and time again.
Gladys has had to deal with her anger for over 20 years.
Susan wants her children shielded from that pain.
So when they started receiving flattering letters from their so-called father,
Susan wanted them to know the truth.
He was using the same lines about, you know, how pretty they were.
He wanted to see pictures of them.
He thought about them constantly.
You know, he was sorry that he did what he did.
And he would like to explain it to them.
He would like to see them.
And that really bothered me a whole lot.
Because they were, my children were believing a lot of the things that he was saying to them.
And was asking me, why did I not like him?
Or why did I not want him?
You know, from the things that he was saying in these letters.
He was turning the whole picture around, the way things had happened.
I'm not going to give him a chance to shoot the bull with me
and twist me around to put me on his side.
That's how he handles people.
He's a manipulator.
Authorities closed in on Prell as a result of the America's Most Wanted broadcast.
But the night he was to be arrested, he was murdered live on the radio.
Alan Prell Show. You're on the air.
Hi, Alan.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm doing fine.
I bet you have one nut, just like him.
Hello.
There's more than one nut in this room, I want to tell you.
And there's more than one nut out there calling in.
Hey, you can't be in the system.
Wait a minute. Hold on. What?
What's going on in here?
What is it?
Oh!
Oh!
By the time police did arrive, a mysterious fire had destroyed most of the evidence.
When the smoke cleared and the ashes were sifted, no body was found.
Authorities are investigating allegations that the remains were stolen by fanatical fans.
But until the body is found, there is still not enough compensation for many of the victims.
You know, I never got a penny.
I never got a penny of the insurance money.
They claim they couldn't find the body.
How convenient.
Do you know how much alimony that rattled me?
You know, sometimes I wonder if he's really dead.
I'm a nice person, but I want to smack him real good and relieve a little bit of hurt that I have.
Just a good smack.
I told him that if he ever left me, I'd track him down to the ends of the earth.
And I didn't care how long it would take me until I found him.
Well, the time's here.
And we'll be watching for what happens then. We'll keep you posted.
Now, still ahead tonight, a Carson in court has Johnny on the spot.
Disgusting. Disgusting!
And yet, so typical.
Only a media so secure in its lies could possibly attack such a martyr.
With a spotless reputation as Alan Prell Jr.
And think they can get away with it.
But you know me. And you know what kind of family I raise.
Alan was an honest, outstanding young man.
And it was his dedication to the truth that led him to an early grave.
Now, I too am mocked.
For I too refuse to play along with the media monopoly on manipulation.
Yes, they may assassinate me also.
And they may produce such character assassinations as the one that we just heard.
But you, you dear listener, you've heard the truth.
And no matter how much phony evidence they present, no matter how cleverly it's twisted.
Oh, and it's clever, all right.
They put Satan to shame.
They mix truth and lie so you can't tell the difference.
Alan was in fact married to a woman named Gladys.
But he never had a daughter. At least not by Gladys.
No matter how often they repeat their lies.
No matter how often they say what you want to believe.
No matter how often they repeat their lies.
Don't take it as truth without proof.
I may not live to tell you again.
I've been encountering a lot of fishy accidents lately, so they may be after me now.
But there comes a time when even my superior intelligence and advanced training survival techniques cannot hold out against the vast resources and technology of them.
If I should disappear or die in the peculiar circumstances, just remember Papa Prell told you so.
Well, I'm about out of time.
For the show, that is.
So until this time next week, this is Papa Prell saying so long till next time again, and God bless.
And don't believe the media.
They're a pack of liars.
Don't trust them as far as you can spit, because they'll count on you every single week.
And of course, that is the last tape we've received from Papa Prell in a while.
I hate to make any assumptions on that basis.
But it just goes to show you, I mean, if Papa Prell can pierce the veil of the media conspiracy lies, it must be pretty damned obvious.
And what chance do you or I have, my friends?
What chance do you and I have?
If they can do that to a man like Prell, then what possible chance do the likes of you and I have?
And what chance do we have in the future?

I mean, the years, days, months, not many years left to come.
But this occurs to me because as here in Dallas, it's about to soon become 1991.
As this show goes to other cities, it will, of course, be later on in the year.
But let's look back at the year 1990, shall we?
And see, yes, Joe Mom is still here.
In spirit.
In spirit.
If nothing else.
Yes.
And to find out.
And my spirit's here.
Ah ha ha.
Keeping me warm.
Ah, spirit is willing.
Proof.
100 proof.
That's, what else do you need?
Let's see what Bob said would occur in the year 1990.
Civilized people losing faith in modern medicine.
That happened.
It did.
Dr. Kevorkian, we saw that.
Perfect example.
Synthetic food wars.
Horse, cat, dog, rat meat sold openly all over U.S.
I've been buying it.
Yep.
Cannibalism practiced in rural areas.
You know, we read about that in the media.
The conspiracy keeps that well, well hidden.
Yeah, it'll beat up our supply if we tell them about that.
Roach excrement processed and packaged as diet supplement.
Didn't you have that today, earlier?
Some of my Twinkies.
Yeah?
Oh yeah.
Brazil invades U.S., driven back by citizen armies after government and military forces
fail.
Oh, I think the Panama thing in disguise.
Yeah, see, you know, this is not always meant to be taken, you know, a certain amount of.
You have to, you know, speak in allegory.
I bet you, but the world is not ready.
The world is clearly not ready.
The ales are not as they seem.
They're not always what they seem.
Atlantis rises from the middle of Kansas.
Ancient Dobbs heads found carved into ruins.
Ah, well, I don't, that one I don't know.
Well, it probably has to.
We're not going to learn about it.
Not I.
We should read the Inquirer.
Common cold cured by magic spells.
That's true.
Oh, well, there's.
Will be.
Yeah, there's time.
There's time.
Foundation scientists, after cracking DNA's in the U.S.
code within the code, develop instant mutation process.
Slightly risky method of producing homemade over men, which attracts many teenagers into the church.
Now that is being done, but it's being kept under wraps.
I see.
It's by us.
Yes.
The crashed UFO recovered from Bermuda Triangle by anonymous Fort Worth millionaire provides undeniable proof of space conspiracy.
It was back in the 40s.
Yeah, well, you know, as always.
Time lag.
It happens.
None of us, none of us are perfect.
Bob himself.
Subgenius inspires.

The required fertility rights commonly performed all over world as if in defiance of harsh realities of overpopulation.
Well, we all know that's true.
Yes.
Bob's message has often been that.
We're turning right here, folks.
There aren't enough subgeniuses, so you know what that means.
The trisexuals.
You know it.
They'll try anything.
They, it's.
Yes, we at the Subgenius Foundation, we believe in the honor system.
And honor.
Get honor and stay honor.
Is that true?
No, not at all.
Anti-family movement, although starting to lose ground to subgenius, is still powerful enough
to make bestiality a P.E. option in many public school systems.
They did that at my school.
Well, see.
See, this isn't going to happen all over the world at once, you know.
It's gradual.
Gradual.
Of course, my school is a school of fish, but.
Well, never mind.
Attempts to make adultery mandatory.
It's a symbol, folks.
Fails as bill as blocked by Bob-directed Senate subcommittee.
That would be darn.
Bob Dole, I think, is what they're talking about there.
That don't.
This may be the.
According to this, the American dictator, now identified by the church as the anti-Bob,
gains admiration of world through military triumphs.
Oddly, Bob throws his entire support behind the anti-Bob.
Well, you know, the world's supply of oil depends on this.
And it's not our choosing.
And Bob controls all major TV networks, plus ITT, Texas Instruments, General Dynamics,
McDonnell Douglas, Ford, McGraw-Hill, General Motors, and Texaco.
And Night Flight.
And Night Flight.
And I think, if nothing else, one of the major networks is obviously controlled by
Bob.
It's ABC.
I guess I might as well go ahead and say it.
All the Bob references on Twin Peaks are, none of them, none of them are an accident.
But let's look ahead, shall we?
Let's cast our eyes and our third nostril ahead into the year 1991.
See what the future holds for you.
Right here at the top, World War III.
It's going, January 15th, folks.
15th, yep.
And Martin Luther King's birthday.
Kind of an ironic, ironic note.
Apropos.
Ah, yes.
Our peace march into the Middle East.
Into the Middle East.
Ah.
Ah.
Bob forms alliance with the anti-Bob, reveals hard evidence of imminent Exist invasion.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Another major UFO flap is coming.
This time, saucers drop real money and gold all over the Midwest.
I'm getting my net ready.
Yes.
When it rains, money or anything else just falls.

Out with your bushel barrels.
400 million zombies for Bob worldwide.
Zombies for Bob.
A subgenius pro-family movement initiates campaign to clean up America morally.
That doesn't sound like something that we would do, does it?
Well, sometimes, you know, they'll use your name and kind of come in there with something, you know.
They will.
They'll trick you.
Well, now, sometimes Bob, sometimes Bob gets ahead of himself.
Bulletproof robots run most convenience stores.
That's already happened, see?
Look ahead.
It, it, well, never mind.
Accident with solar gathering satellites which encircle the Earth set off incredible spate of tornadoes across the United States.
So be looking for that.
I think you'll know when that happens.
There'll be little, little doubt about it.
I'll be in my cellar.
Ah.
Minimum wage reaches $86.50 an hour, but a soft drink will cost $40.
Now the soft drink part's happening.
Again.
Average human lifespan now figured at 40 years.
40 years.
Three score and, you know, less than that.
I mean, what?
It's better to die than to fade away.
Ah, so they, so they say.
24 hours of artificial daylight common in large cities.
Incidents of psychosis increases correspondingly.
It's a hard year.
End times are coming.
The end times are coming.
They're on their way.
It's not long now.
Like, what's a 40 years time limit?
I mean, what's that gonna matter?
We're all gonna die anyway.
And, and, just a few, and that, that's, see, that's next year.
It's only seven more years anyway.
Seven more years.
There's the mystic number.
It's a, I pity those of you that are like 38 right now.
It's, it's, sorry.
Don't blame Bob.
He doesn't, what is it we say in the, he doesn't make history.
He just exploits it.

Church offers experimental transfigurations to willing guinea pigs.
Crude man-made overmen are created through immediate somatic alteration of physiology.
Bozo cult, now a hated rival of the church, in imitation offers smile face surgery and
while you wait lobotomies.
I've seen that.
I've seen the lobotomy people.
They're usually driving right now.
I, we don't have to wait for 1991.
It's coming, friends.
20% of US population now considered clinically insane.
Concentration camps.
It's gone down.
A bit, yeah.
By 1991, it's looking, it's looking to drop a bit.
Concentration camps for abnormals are opened in some states.
You, subgeniuses begin waging open war on non-subgeniuses.
Praise Bob.
Thank heaven.
Finally.
Finally.
Bob.
Millions of homosexuals finally understanding Bob's deal become valiant warriors of the

church.
Things are looking up, friend.
Gonna get some aid here at last.
No, there'll be aid for all.
There will be aid for all.
Foreign.
Domestic.
A fourth double subgenius of five existing at any given time is identified living in
Peru.
Hmm.
The eagle's nest.
Ah.
Distorted signals of an alien TV show broadcast 10,000 years ago from a now defunct planet
are received by Earth scientists.
By this time, intelligent life on other planets is generally unrecognizable.


Generally accepted as fact, although UFO activity on Earth is still a mystery.
1991.
The owls are not what they seem.
And, of course, Disneyland converted to open murder park.
We looking for that.
Get your tickets now.
Yes.
It ain't 1991, friends.
It ain't long.
It won't be far.
Dear friends, we've just about reached the end of this particular hour of Slack.
What can I say?
Thank you.
Thank you, Father, Mama.
It was an honor.
A rare treat.
Thank you.
It was a terrible way to begin the new year.
I know.
And, but no worse for you than for our poor listeners.
That's the beauty of it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ah, the harvest.
Friends, if there's any questions left, I think we've pretty much covered everything
tonight, but there's always those that need a bit more.
So, if you have any more questions about the Church of the Subgenius, Father Joe Mama,
Book of the...
You name it.
Just right away for that free information.
P.O.
Box 14.
40306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
Again, that's Bob at 14306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
And that information is free.
Any last words, Father Mama?
Nine.
Ah, nine.
Yes.
He has nine more words, but we don't have time for them because our hour is up.
And so is yours.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.

Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Because he loves the Lord.
He wants fence on the top of the hill.
And then he'll go down and run into that house, and then he'll throw his talk back

And so the Lord our Father, while we're here at the church, he doesn't have much
to say, particularly since we're here at the East and West side.
