I think we're in big trouble.
A few details about the operation.
The operation underway tonight, taking place in the pre-dawn darkness of the Persian Gulf, involves...
The subgenius.
Powerhouse.
Watch.
Can you take the radio along?
Radio along.
Norm says four Iraqi nuclear reactors have been crippled.
Sales are also up.
Merchants say it's not the lunatic fringe stocking up.
It's a cross-section of men and women looking for protection.
In New York, this store used to keep gas masks on hand for props and movie sets.
The fear fueled the sale of 500 masks over the past couple of days.
Bring out your dead!
Bring out your dead!
Want to know more about talking to your children?
About AIDS?
Send for a free information guide.
...a cabin up in the hills.
I'm going to try to wait this out.
...toward Haiti.
What he plans to do to force Haiti's brutal military to step down and deal with Haitian refugees fleeing to America.
Should ducks in Dallas County be saved or killed to stop the spread of a deadly plague?
Join us for the News 8 Update at 10.
Although city and government spokespersons vehemently deny it, reliable sources continue to report to news radio that troops opened fire earlier today on unarmed pedestrians attempting to flee New York.



...by way of the Lincoln Tunnel.
As many as 60 persons may have been killed, with hundreds wounded.
Although travel to some of the outer boroughs is still possible, news radio advises you to stay off the streets.
...under way, and that doesn't mean that people are breathing any easier.
Gas mask sales are booming.
CNN headline news.
And the great showdown has begun.
Quoting further here, the glorious sons of our nation.
Uh, he said, uh, sorry.
He said he was addressing the glorious sons of our nation and said the battle was one of justice against vice, of the believers against the infidels.
Two hours, there are new reports of alerts in Saudi Arabia, which is possibly undergoing a missile attack.
Very busy update desk too, Chuck.
Hello there, this is Ray Flowers on Speak Your Peace.
I guess this morning there's only one topic of conversation.
There have been some horror stories about the army clamping down on everything.
The army?
Just be patient with me. Remember, I'm running the show all by myself. Everyone else called in sick.
The numbers are the same as always, though. 555-TALK and 555-CHAT. So let's go.
Hello there, this is Ray Flowers, and it's time to Speak Your Peace.
I'm calling from Portsmouth, Ray.
What's your name, Portsmouth?
Leonora.
Listen, Ray, I just want everyone to know that there are soldiers burning bodies across the state line in Kittery.
I have my gas mask on.
Journalists watching the missiles immediately put on their gas masks.
Again, it's not a very similar to the first one in which the Patriots rocketed overhead and intercepted the Scud, which were aimed, we understand, at...
In the battle of radios, we should probably also report that...
Meanwhile, in the People's Republic of China, agitation continues to foment and burble up through the repressed psychic substratum of the Chinese people.
This just in on the teletype.
Tibet has invaded China.
Yes, the UN is debating...
The Dalai Lama, at the head of an international force of mercenaries, has circled the capital of Beijing and threatens to subdue the country by tomorrow afternoon at the latest.
The UN is deliberating over possible sanctions that can force this terrible breaking down of the world's new order.
And we'll have the latest in the sports news in a moment.
And we'll be back on Sunday.
On the stupid four-hour radio news.
This just in.
In the fiercest engagement so far this year, units of the 23rd Pacific Combat Group inflicted severe losses of men and material on Chinese aqua bandits in mid-ocean this morning.
Our own casualties are reported light.
However, Chairman Yong of China today sent a personal message of congratulations to the daring sailors of the blood-red banner flotilla,
who yesterday inflicted great damage in men and material on the Chinese people.
And they also sent a message to the imperialist aggressor, claiming that their casualties were very light.
However, friends, just remember that lonely on the edge of space, patrol pilot Eugene Flood and his co-pilot Bob Dobbs keep watch and ward over the security of your homes and families,
thanks to this radio station.
Weapons capable of taking out from orbit anything from a single boatload of saboteurs.
To an entire megalopolis lie under their hands.
And you can keep Bob up there in orbit and off of your back porch by calling 8-1-1.
And they talk about peace.
And they talk about peace and justice.
You see, it goes back to what I tell you before.
When I was in college, during the late 60s and early 70s,
when I was in a place...
These people in the street that are yelling,

they're saying,
I'm in the bottom, I'm in the bottom.
They're saying,
these people are in America,
these are African Americans.
That is a genocide.
And George Bush is at the forefront of it.
And it's absolutely deplorable that he used Dr. Martin Luther King's birthday to start this war.
Next, Nicosia.
Now, radio message, shortly after the Gulf War began,
you watched Saddam Hussein call US President George Bush a hypocritical criminal.
Earlier, Saddam Hussein,
or rather,
what appears to have been a recording of Saddam Hussein,
was broadcast on this frequency.
If it quacks like a duck,
if it walks like a duck,
and if the water runs off its back,
it's a duck.
On the Pentagon, the AP's Thelma Labreck reports that the Iraqis have only seen the beginning.
One enemy machine destroyed.
Enemy now discharging heavy black smoke in direction of...
This is Newark, New Jersey.
This is Newark, New Jersey.
Warning.
Poisonous black smoke pouring in from Jersey marshes.
Reaches South Street.
Gas masks useless.
Urge populations to move into open spaces.
Automobiles use Route 7, 23, 24.
Avoid congested areas.
Smoke now spreading over Raymond Boulevard.
Of course, that's never stopped the real patriots among us, has it?
You try to hang in there, Lenora.
I'm trying, Ray.
But have you ever smelled bodies on fire?
I can't say that I have.
It's awful, Ray. It's just...
You just try to hang in there, hon.
This is Ray Flowers. You're on the air, and it's time to speak your piece.
Ray, uh, first of all,
I just want to tell you that I love your show, Ray.
What does that mean?
...desert storm...
All of them early in the society already on the United States...
There has been a series of militaristic songs and prayers,
and just a short while ago,
the radio began broadcasting a chant,
Ado Akba, God is Great.
That is one of the war cries of the Muslims who fight the infidels.
And this just in.
Frenzied mobs in Tokyo last night burned the effigy of the emperor
in protest against his intention to abdicate.
A spokesman declared that if he does resist,
he will sign his throne, they will recognize Mr. Oyoshita,
head of one of the country's oldest noble families,
as his successor, and will refuse to cooperate with the new government.
Victims of the rioting are already being described as martyrs.
And that's post office boxing.
807 Glen Rose, Texas.
76043.
Bob?
How much money do you need to prove something?
A lot of money.
The money you need to prove something is the money that you can take to make America a better place.
The most important funding for this look back at one of the most dramatic events in 20th century history
is provided by General Dynamics.
General Dynamics, a strong company for a strong country.
You say you saw these GIs gunning down unarmed civilians?
Open in the name of the United States government.
Tell you what, Portland, it looks like the Marines have landed.
They don't look too happy.
This is a joke.
Right? I mean, this has got to be a joke.
I don't think so, Fred. I really don't think so.
Hi there. You're on the air.
Greg, you all right?
Well, to tell you the truth, honey, it doesn't look real good for the kid right now.
Several soldiers have just broken into the studio.
They're fully armed, and they're dressed in some kind of protective clothing.
They're wearing respirators on their faces.
Hey, Bluto, you ever heard of a little number called Freedom of Speech?
Bill of Rights? Any of that ring a bell?
Folks, I've just been ordered by my uninvited fascist guest to shut down, and I've refused.
I think...
President Bush told a television audience the world could wait no longer.
We are determined to knock out Saddam Hussein's nuclear bomb potential.
This virus is much more advanced, and we can go on and on.
But the Bible says some trust in chariots, some in horses.
The beginning is a very delicate time.
Peter, I am looking directly west from our hotel now,
and throughout the entire sky, there are flashes of light.
Something is definitely underway here.
Something is going on.
I must... I must...
I must... seize the power in the cylinder.
No, no, not the cylinder. Don't open the cylinder.
I have it now.
If he uses the cylinder, we will escalate the war.
I have unscrewed the caps.
We are going up the war escalator.
It's hard to read the ancient hieroglyphics on the top.
He's activating the...
...lead them to true peace.
The hieroglyphics. It's not true which way I should turn this.
I'll try to the left.
The planet Arrakis.
There we go.
On the planet Arrakis, yes.
My God, look over there.
It's the sandworms.
There's a little smoovy here. What are you doing?
Sorry, I hate to be the first one to tell you, but you got sandworms.
Oh, man.
Worst case I've ever seen.
Downwind, boy.
And so becoming a social undesirable can warp your entire life.
With some, it's sandworms.
With others, it's personal uncleanliness.
And thus begins the original one and only live subgenius Albert Slack
brought to you in memory of the ground war fought with sandworms.
You are about to experience a full-length subgenius show.
It means stereophonic sound.
Sound.

So relax, sit back, and enjoy our feature presentation.
Presented the way it was meant to be heard.
If your brain should lather to the front of your head and explode to your eyeballs,
do not head over. This is completely normal.
Long live the succotash suckers. Death to the onion eaters.
Long live King Hussein, the almighty vulture of this country.
Vulture?
To all intents and purposes,
it was nonexistent in this crucial phase of the war.
The wave of American warplanes has been continuing to bring devastation.
Darkman! He's coming!
He's closer now!
The Darkman!
Once more, that's Bob at...
P.O. Box 807.
Glen Rose, Texas.
76043.
Which means there's no need for you to knuckle under to anybody from now on.
With your bare hands, with a knife, with an axe or a broadsword,
with a narrow sword, with a projectile sidearm, a longarm or spraygun,
with a bolt gun, a rocket launcher, with pocket or non-pocket nukes,
with chemical explosives, with instant or delayed time bombs, with gas,
with infectious bacteria, with hot iron or razors or poison, or a club or a rock,
with a lance or a mace or a book of matches,
with thermite or acid, with your teeth or your nails, or hypodermic,
or a diademic with a flame thrower, or a kitchen carver, or a length of rope,
or a hammer, or a belt, or a chisel, or a boot, or a bath of water,
or a modified domestic laser, or a quarterstaff, or a broken bow,
or a bottle, or a bucket of cement, or an ordinary door or window,
or a staircase, or a pillow, or a cooking pan, or a long hair,
or a sewing needle, or a splinter, or a bottle of medicine,
you can give those humans a taste of their own medicine.
And he's been drinking so much caffeine every day.
Put it like this, some trust in F-15 jet fighters,
some trust in aircraft carriers, some trust in sophisticated surveillance
like AWACS planes and modern equipment,
but we will remember the name of the Lord our God.
I thank God for sophisticated weapons.
Weapons that can protect our interests and our soldiers.
But that's not where my faith is.
My faith is in God.
Yes, dear friend.
My God, I think we've got incoming planes.
Okay, run the hole.
What a turkey. Our own technology can run that stuff.
Get them, boys!
They took out those turkey choppers.
Space bleed kit!
That's right.
Hey, I've got my APHE-EM10 rifle grenade handy.
What you need is your T-33 Scottox trainer, Tal.
The bombardment has started.
They're beginning with the artillery at the rate.
Work out with ferry hydraulics.
Commence firing on the hour.
These rounds are falling short at the moment,
but as the range increases, the hapless enemy is going to find itself
peppered by salty dashes of high-heavy artillery.
More of what?
Or its high, high heave for the field artillery.
The TOS, which gives the access user internet...
Live from Sandcastle Stadium in Baghdad, it's time for Monday Night Hardball.
Good evening, everybody. I'm Jim McVeigh.
And I'm Don McKay, welcoming you to World In Your Face Monday Night Hardball.
Tonight, two teams locked in heated combat for world domination
are going head to head as the Iraqi Jihad Joes under coach Saddam Hussein
take on the defending champions, the Fighting Doughboys of the U.S. of A.
under head coach George Bush.
You know, Jim, this is going to be the big test of the season for Bush here today,
and it has been a long one.
He's had that problem with his son Neil and the whole SNL-CIA story,
the read-my-lips tax debacle, Chief Justice Souter...
Not to mention the Wimp Factor Syndrome, Don.
That's right, Jim. But as they say, everybody loves a winner,
and there would be nothing better for Bush's image at home
than a big victory at Sandcastle Stadium today.
Yes, the man known to his players as Mr. President certainly has a lot to prove here,
and I must say...
This looks like war.
Uh-huh.
I mean it, folks. There is so much pride here at stake
that somebody could really get hurt.
This is going to be smash-mouth warfare at its very best.
Folks, we'll be back to take a look at the Jihad Joes lineup
after these words from Bud Roe Beer.
Make mine a Bud Roe
The official beer of the U.S. Army
Make mine a Bud Roe
I'll be there with a can of Bud Roe
Fight to win and win to fight
Ninety-nine calories taste just right
If you get back home
Have a Bud Roe on me
Bud Roe Beer, the official beer of the U.S. Army
and proud sponsor of Monday Night Hardball.
If you get back home, have a Bud Roe on me.
We're back live at Sandcastle Stadium in Baghdad here
where this long-awaited matchup is about to get underway.
Coach Bush's Fighting Doughboys have elected to kick off,
so let's take a look at Coach Hussain's defensive line.
Well, Jim, as you know, the Iraqi Jihad Joes
coming to this game is a bit of a wild card.
You know, they bullied their way to the top of the Middle Eastern Conference,
leaving a trail of blood and tears behind them.
They're dangerous, they're unpredictable,
and Coach Hussain has literally whipped these boys
into a fever pitch for this game.
So, all though willing, they're sure to have a few surprises lined up for us here today.
Not to mention the press he's been getting the past few months.
Is he going to use the bomb? Isn't he going to use the bomb?
Does he even have a bomb?
I don't know if I've ever witnessed a game with such preliminary speculation and uncertainty.
Well, this isn't called the Game of the Millennium for nothing, Jim.
Oh, excuse me. That's right. Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen.
Right now, let's go down on the battlefield for an up close and personal with Rashida.
Rashad Rashad.
Hi, guys. This is Rashida Rashad Rashad on the field with a fellow that,
well, just being able to introduce him makes me proud to be in this business.
Drafted right out of high school, this young phenom has literally captured the hearts of the entire USA.
Jimmy Hoghead Jackson.
Hoghead, what do you have to say for yourself?
Well, I'd just like to say hi to my mom and my girlfriend.
And listen, all you folks at home, don't worry.
We're going to be kicking some Iraqi butt all over the stadium.
That's the spirit, Hoghead. So what do you...
You all right, ma'am? Here. Want some Frog Aid?
Thanks. Frog Aid, official thirst quench beverage of Monday Night Hardball.
So what do you think it's going to be like out there, Hoghead?
Well, they've had us on the virtual reality simulator for quite a few weeks now.
So I guess it'll be like a big video game without the quarters.
That's a pretty good analogy.
Well, I'm not a big fan of the
Well, I'm not a big fan of the
I'm sure she'll have a nice cold bud roe waiting for you when you get home.
That too, ma'am.
Back to you, Doc.
Sorry, folks. Gee, I don't know what this is.
Must be something in them mic cables here.
Or the water.
By the way, Don, Jimmy Hoghead Jackson was voted Zao Chemical Offensive Player of the Game.
Zao Chemical, maker of those new biodegradable body bags, will hopefully be seeing an action soon.
Remember, when you need it now, it's Zao.
Well, let's take a look at the strategies we might be seeing throughout today's little skirmish.
George Bush, the beleaguered coach of the Fighting Doughboys,
is a man who cannot afford to back down.
He certainly can't, Don.
The team itself has had its share of problems these past few years.
They're still the dominant force to be reckoned with in the Western Hemisphere Division,
but more and more of their victories have been clouded by scandal and intrigue.
So, if there ever was a time to...
George Bush and the Doughboys really need to pull one out for the record books here to...
But let's look at Coach Hussain.
Now, here's a guy who's a real animal.
I mean, you almost have to respect the guy.
One other coach would have the moxie to come right out and say,
OK, come at me. Hit me with your worst.
Not only will I hit you right back,
but my first strike will be at a team in a whole separate conference.
You're talking about the Israeli wandering Jews, right?
Exactly, Don. You don't think he'll do whatever it takes to win ugly?
Just look at how utterly ruthless he's been when it comes to making cuts on his own team.
He's definitely a worthy opponent.
Hey, with all that said, I think we're going to have to go.

Yeah, it's all that talk of us...
Oh, God.
Secret weapon!
Yes, Monday Night Hardball, there, dear friends, by...
Who is that by?
World In Your Face.
Yes, a comedy group out of San Francisco.
rolled in your face and have hold the conspiracy has been celebrating the D
day orgy this week so we thought we'd shake the moths off of the Gulf War you
remember that was I know it's kind of old hat it's just another old miniseries
now like Shogun or something but you know what the heck it could happen again
and again and again and again by the way before I forget this is Ron
slave in the background recorded at the sonic disturbance festival probably in
Cleveland
yeah the collage that we've been listening to and more of which it will
be coming up but of course from old hour of slack collages of more stuff plus the
tube neck news material from Orson Welles and GE a lot of KPFA there with
dr. Howell the KPFA subgenius show with dr. Howell and father Joe
mama with puzzling evidence mixing and probably talking and ones coming up
there's some material taken here from a video called Iraqi campaign the next
genocide by I think the guy's name is Pete Patiris it was a on a videotape the
puzzling evidence sent me and had some wonderful little juxtapositions which is
what we like to do
a mess the Gulf War operation desert storm
yeah old past history except for those guys that are missing body parts and
cellular cohesion
this is my confession friends every time I think about that quote war unquote I
am abashed
yeah yes embarrassed because as my wife reminded me I was the one who wanted to
put an American flag on my car and oh I was pulled in friends I was a sucker
I'll admit it I was a flag waving American during that time I felt like
there must be something fishy about it but I was so concerned about people
getting killed and because I try to be tied into the hideous
fitful pulse of our nation's waves of normals I fell for the lion my almost
halfway believe that the news media wasn't totally controlled and because of
that stupid unforgivable naivety I actually thought that there was some
good reason for the whole mess
ass. God, what a human I was. And I am, believe me friends, I am duly alarmed at myself for
having been such a dupe of the lynch mob fever that does sweep humanity, our good friend,
humanity every now and then. Because as much as I try to stay at one remove, you see, from
the human race, I can't help but be part of it, to monitor it, if nothing else, to even
become emotionally involved in it, to even, yes, it's true, even of Reverend Ivan Stank,
to trust that the mass media wasn't lying in every detail, every tiny detail, out of
every pore. The false front of the conspiracy, friends, profit first and the end.
Nothing justifies the means.
They had to die. They had to die. They might have interfered with our plans. It was for
their own good. It was for a good cause. It's not our fault that they got in the way of
our business practices.
Yeah. Yeah, I gotta confess.
Because I've realized what a bad guy I am.
I'm not a bandwagon jumper. I can be, given enough stirrings of the collective unconscious.
You know, even though I'm a professional anti-establishment rabble rouser, I'm no more immune to the waves
of bloodlust and righteous fervor erupting from the national subconscious than is old
Bubba pumping gas down there at the Exxon station. And that makes me sick. Makes me realize
what a delusional, delusional, delusional, delusional, delusional, delusional, delusional,
delusional, delusional, delusional hypocrite I can be. I'm not being one right now, of
course. But you know what I mean. It's a hideous truth that even the most ornery hater of the
conspiracy can be roped in by a smooth enough line combined with a relentless enough media
tease. And by gobs, they did that war up right. Media-wise, it was definitely not another
Vietnam.
They learned their lesson. GE, the owners of NBC, realized that the war would go over
much better as an arms commercial than as a body count. And it was. It was. It was more
like the Super Bowl. It was beautifully covered visually. And think how many young folks
who were anti-war liberal types gave the most of their talents working for CNN.
And making that war look sweet as a Coke commercial.
Good evening. The United States of America is at war.
We missed!
That wraps up our pre-game show. Reminder, it's coming up at halftime.
This is World News Tonight with Peter Jennings.
Thank you.
Brought to you by Preparation 8.
It starts with itch and irritation.
And then...
Yes, defense technology producing security.
And then he spacketh to the troops and he said,
Forget your sounds of violence.
Bring forth peace.
We no longer want war.
We want peace.
I am convinced that the chimpanzees and orangutans can exist, sir.
They're in peace, sir.
And as he spoke, silence pervaded the battlefield.
The crickets welled up with almighty peaceful ringing of songs.
Those rotten cricket no-goodniks.
And again the Middle East became the spawning ground of the philosopher king,
the messiah, the man-king.
He will be known as the king of Arrakis.
There, there, my dear son.
Mo Habib.
Have you ever stopped to think?
Just how much Iraq resembles...
King Hussein.
Mo Habib.
They're both messiahs.
The evil Baron Harkonnen and his republican guards.
And don't forget Sting, alias Bushmaster.
These are all issues we've discussed broadly and fully on the other side of the earth.
And tonight, I want to share weapons of mass destruction with you.
I think it's not perverse at all.
Well, there's always...
You know, when we talk about having sex with weapons of mass destruction,
why don't we use the idea of sexuality in corp...
You know, having sex with weapons of mass destruction
to quench the idea of weapons of mass destruction,
weapons of mass destruction, weapons of mass destruction.
Well, what you do is you make a big hole where you...
Yeah.
...where you want to, you know, do it.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's the first thing you need is the big hole.
Then you need the pole.
They did a pole in France where they asked...
The hole in pole.
...who...
What?
The three...
Technique.
The biggest threats to world peace were for the French folks.
And what I read was that they said...
They were on top of the list.
They actually...
The top...
No, not at all.
The top of the list was Iraq.
The second...
Number two was Israel.
And number three was the United States.
Ha, ha.
Number three.
You know, wow.
We try even harder.
Where our Congress voted three to one to let George Bush do whatever the dang field...
I'm going to make a gun out of soap.
And I'm going to paint it with boot black.
And I'm going to break out of here, man.
I'm going to break out of here, man.



It's you, I'm out.
I'm going to run off to some more civilized country like Mexico or Canada.
Oh, wait.
I forget it.
I'm going to wear a huge thermonuclear bowling ball.
Canada, right, Dave?
It's hell.
It's hell, baby.
It is hell.
You can lay down, but you can't sleep.
It's hell, baby.
It's hell.
And what's much, much, much worse than hell, my friend?
Yes.
Any moment, one of those dumpsters could explode with a virulent mass of toxic materials like...
Abthrax.
Z-Hoffo.
That's right, man.
Vepticarboline.
Ceregos.
The genius of it all.
And necromania.
We'll use the ores we have.
We were selling that Cere nerve gas for a while and telling them it was always a soul.
It's the LSD gas or whatever.
Yeah.
And to the rival cults overseas.
I don't know where most of that stuff is.
I have some of that stuff and it didn't get nothing wrong to me.
Because the...
There it comes.
Here comes the cavalry.
Look out, factor.
The new gun is on its way to your town.
Here comes the Apache helicopters.
Little children.
That's right.
You don't want to do that too much because you'll all start waving the flag and screaming
and foaming at the mouth and falling to the ground.
You're getting so patriotic now.
Go, Michael.
And we're...
Go, Michael.

Paraplegic danger.
Yes.
Not to reason why, there's but to do and die.
Okay, folks.
It's time for war.
It's going to be funny.
The following is a special presentation of ABC Sports.
We are going to win.
Nothing like Vietnam.
That'd be like Lawrence of Arabia in movies.
Yeah.
It's one big sand dune.
You know, I'd hate to see a man as rich and powerful as you take off on some scheme that
would get our country into a lot of trouble.
Oh, no way.
Uh-uh.
As much as I want to shut down the Arabs, I'd never do anything to hurt my country.
Ladies and gentlemen, our corpus and bones.
Turn the key.
Feel free.
Feel free.
Feel free.
Feel free.
Feel free.
Feel free.
Feel free.
And now, to honor America, especially the brave men and women serving our nation in
the Persian Gulf and throughout the world, please join in the singing of our national
anthem.
Oh, say can you see, by the dawn's early light, What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's
first light, What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's first light?
Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight,
Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight,
Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight,
civilized at the fight, the你們 portrayed in their стоils,
Back by ten thousand gangster millionaires.
Yeah, America's sure feeling good about herself.
And it's practically drooling, watching Rocky and Rambo, watching the good, fat, and car
crashes.
Horror and gore, Logan and Ash could never forget Hatter исторias, in theirfic stream enter



A little cheap sex and a lot of advertising.
America's practically drooling.
Yeah, come on, do it for me one time.
America's feeling good again.
If nothing sells like America feeling good.
America's beer, America's car, made the American way.
America's never been like it is.
Born in the USA.
Yeah, America feels good.
Selling herself.
America feels so good about herself.
So thug and proud and offensive and aggressive and frustrated and anxiety-ridden.
That she can fly off the handle at any minute.
Playing McDonald's with the chicken gang fire.
Or a fine abortion clinic.
Or maybe mine or hers.
Or invade a few islands.
Or bomb a small Canadian country.
America's feeling good.
America's feeling good.



Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.


With people and things cared about yesterday.
Cause America's feeling good.
Damn anyone who deserves her masturbatory leverage.
America's feeling good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes, a marvelous piece there
by Kyle Kossop of San Francisco.
Heck, I'll give his address.
Here's 9-1-1.
California Street, number 12, San Francisco.
9-4-1-2-1 for those of you with your tape decks running.
Yes, that's by Kyle Kossop and Severe Tire Damage.
Just out of the blue, Reverend Kossop there
sent this tape full of vicious anti-conspiracy songs
and videos and postcards.
It's amazing.
It's amazing what somebody can get a membership pack for these days.
But, on the other hand...
Yes, and I'm afraid there's a lot more trouble than we asked for tonight out here, you know.
The Bob Zone.
I've got a message from Bob for all of you.
Don't give up.
Yep, he didn't say what not to give up,
so I'll tell you what, I'm not giving up.
I'm not giving up drugs.
I'm not giving up surfing.
I'm not giving up surfing.
I'm not giving up coming down.
I'm not giving up going to this station
and being a bad noise in your ear.
And I'm also not giving up the hope that our boys over there in Malaysia
will be able to assassinate Bob for once and for all
and get rid of his kind before you become one of him.
And I'm afraid we'll not be able to take calls tonight.
You know, wartime situations such as this,
we just don't care what you have to say.
You can call the station all you want and we aren't going to listen.
It's time you got to realize that it's people like me
are going to have to come up with the answers for you
and that you're just going to have to live with our decisions.
We're taking a lot of notes here tonight,
so we're going to be thinking about what you're thinking about.
And we know what you're thinking, believe me.
Tonight's show, unlike normally, we do have a sponsor tonight
and we'll be revealing that sponsor.
Thanks, thanks.
Out here in the horrid, horrid future.
But like I said before, please don't give up.
Don't give up drugs.
Don't give up going crazy.
And don't give up the hope that someday our nation will be run by people like me.
Gary Shepherd, do you hear us in Baghdad?
Gary Shepherd, can you hear us?
The liberation of Kuwait has begun.
You're watching CBS News continuing coverage of Showdown in the Gulf.
Come on, guys. Over here. This way.
They're shooting at us. Come on, hurry up.
It's going to be a war soon.
Hey, I didn't sign up for this. What happened?
How long has it been like this? It was peaceful when I left for Arizona.
Oh, look at that guy over there. He really bought it.
Yeah, that anti-bar I wanted. He bought it.
Oh, yeah.
It doesn't melt in his hands in Operation Desert Dalkon Shield.
God, boy.
We're going to prophylaxis the world from bad people.
Yes, a prophylaxis against bad people is necessary in this day and age.
Come, my friends.
It is not too late to seek a newer world.
Push off and, sitting well in order, smite the sounding furrows.
Yes, indeed.
Those sounding furrows aren't going to bother our brave boys and gals
out in the hellish inferno of the Saudi Arabian whatever it be.
Bacon out there in the sand.
Either our Jesse and Mama will come.
Jesse and Mama are out there fighting side by side.

Dressed in tacky khaki.
Overflown with a camouflage pattern by Mr. Phyllis of Hollywood, California.
Which we'll all be wearing from our copies of Banana Republic in about a month.
It's simply stunning, and my ensemble is adorable.
And now they're playing some music for us.
To THIS.
If we're all together...
AND .

.
.
Don't you know we got smart bombs?
It's a good thing that our bombs are clever
Don't you know that the smart bombs are so clever
They only kill bad people now
Don't you know that our kids are dumb
We got smart bombs, what a joyous thing now
Here we go, so let's drink and toast
To those clever bombs and the men who built them
There they go now
There go all my friends
There they go now
Marching off to war again
Smiling proudly
With their heads in the clouds
Yeah, yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah

Yeah
Yeah
Don't you know this is better than any video friend
It's an action movie
Here we go, watch the bad guys get their butts kicked
When it makes me feel good
Here we go, watch and see it end
You're dreading them, we're just the room I think it's now
Don't you know it's a feel-good show, you ain't trying to mess
It's a video, video
Yeah, yeah
Here we go now
There go all my friends
There they go now
Marching off to war again
With their bright lights
Waving in the wind
There they go now
Marching off to war again
Smiling proudly
With their heads in the clouds
The tadpoles trying to stop this
Honk their horns
laughing







Yo
Yeah
Oh
Dance
Aye
Yeah
Matt
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Here we go, watch the bad guys
Get their butts kicked
And it makes me feel good
Don't you know it's Nintendo
It gets the blood flowing through my veins
Now, don't you know
It's a feel-good show
It ain't time to miss
It's a video, video
There they go now
There go all my friends
There they go now
Marching off to war again
With their bright
flags
Waving in the wind
There they go now
Marching off to war again
Slightly proudly
There they go now
There go all my friends
There they go now
Marching off to war again
With their bright flags
Waving in the wind
There they go now
Marching off to war again
Smiling proudly
With their heads in the clouds
See them smiling out
Marching on in the lightning
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
There they go now
Yeah, yeah, yeah
There they go now
Outside the door


Oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
That's them
Oh my friends
Mm-hm
Oh, yeah, yeah
Bop-a-dee-dub
Yeah, yeah, yeah
There they go now
Some people say
T Visionaries

Good evening. The United States of America is at war.
The war in the Persian Gulf has begun.
What was known for so long as Operation Desert Shield
is now called by President Bush Desert Cloud.
Desert Storm.
Desert Storm, I beg your pardon,
he made a statement from the White House a short while ago
simply saying the liberation of Kuwait has begun.
Squadron of F-15Es took off from central Saudi Arabia
and one of the Air Force officers in charge said,
quote, this is history in the making.
This is history in the making.
This is genocide.
The deliberate and systematic destruction of all life on Arrakis.
Yes, George Leroy Herbert Walker Sting Bush
in his leather loincloth now takes on Madman Saddam
and he threatens in his little voice
to,
uh,
blister the buttocks of the beast of Baghdad,
Saddam Hussein.
It was the king, the emperor Saddam
in the Dune series,
but here we have Saddam Hussein.
The resemblance is uncanny.
There they fought for spice.
Here we fight for oil.
Yes, Duel in the Desert, day 664.
It was when we realized that the crickets were chipping
that we knew there was water deep underneath the crust of Arrakis.
And,
uh,
covered with,
uh, milk chocolate shell which makes it purely delicious.
Once we realized that deep in the underbelly of Arrakis,
Deep in the belly of Babylon, man.
that the water surged and purged,
Who is this hero?
we knew that there was a dramatic possibility of a war.
We're talking about some serious,
Oh, it's nice in here.
possible problems here in this Arrakian war.
A sudden racking cough overcame me and respiratory troubles.
The Freeman made me sign...
Pass me the EM-11.
Move your...
...mason, sir.
Is that this one?
Out there hiding.
I think they...
Rumor has it that they wear their Freeman suits.
I think they find their make car rounds.
Yeah, they're wearing those Freeman suits on the base.
It smells like vegetables.
If it tastes like vegetables, they fell...
They keep that water stored and they never go pee.
I mean...
There it comes, the green turnip...
What's the deal?
...landing at the Burpleson Air Force Base.
Where do they store that water anyway?
Strategic lift is the true force multiplier at these bases.
Yes, the United States faces both a dangerous challenge and a significant opportunity...
Both, ma'am?
This is the United States.
...in the area of military mobilization and deployment.
This is the United States.
...in the area of military mobilization and deployment.
We're talking about...
Given increasing unpredictable requirements...
...the Subgenius Foundation...
...subgenius foundation or the Pacific Ocean...
...the need to increase...
...the standard self against the problems...
...is unbeknown.
...in the ray-a-thon angle of continuous...
...wayback of this radar...
...from the radar system.
Clear.
...the Air Force team...
...the United States...
...chaparral...
...seems to work...
That scene...
...says a lot about America.
A lot about who we are.
Americans are a caring people.
We are a good people.
A generous people.
A little people.
A silly people.
Greedy, barbarous, and cruel.
We are Americans.
And we're proud of you...
...for your courage to stand tall.
Yes, we're proud of you...
...for your courage to stand tall.
You gave your very all...
...you fought the desert storm...
...in the air, on land and sea...
...to keep America free.
Welcome to freedom...
...and the President's New World Order...
...tonight.
You will believe.
We believe...
...we believe...
...we believe...
...we believe...
...we believe...
...you will believe.
I believe.
I believe.






A great athlete...
...it was a tragedy...
...one of the worst duties I ever had to perform...
...is to bury all those...
...those innocent boys and girls' stubs in the desert sands.
Yeah, but if you don't bury the stubs...
You mean, those 81 murderers mounted...
...piggyback on 50 caliber machine guns didn't save them all?
Well, I'm afraid not.
You see...
...you see...
...it comes a time in every young boy or girl's life...
...it comes a time in every young boy or girl's life...

...that it's time to bury those stubs...
and get on with the business of living.
But scientists discover that by covering the stubs
with some strange new protoplasm,
they were able to resurrect the stubs
into a new form of life that had been...
Boy, my stub resurrects just hearing about it.
It wasn't enough just to simply bring them back to life.
These stubs had a mission.
Millions of years ago,
guns belonged to missiles rolling through the earth.
...to win the war.
So these stubs were not content to be buried.
They wanted revenge.
Here comes another one!
What scientists didn't count on, however,
was the difficulty in controlling these stubs
once they were resurrected from the grave.
We're having electrical interference down here,
ladies and gentlemen.
It's part of the barrage.
We hope we're going to be able to continue
bringing our program to you, but sit tight.
Hey, what'll it be, guys?
I'll have a coffee, please.
Coffee for me, too, Joey.
Yeah.
Thank you. Coffee's great.
I got that war anxiety.
I know what you mean.
My nerves, I'm a bundle of nerves.
It's like it's...
It's coming at you from all sides.
You try to forget it, and you turn on the TV.
There's a story.
Yeah, it's everywhere, that stuff.
And Tel Aviv, and the blood, and it's gonna get bad.
You look like a bundle of nerves.
Maybe you could use something to eat.
Look, they got nice Danish over there.
Yeah, I wouldn't touch those Danishes.
They're as hard as a rock.
Maybe.
The Iraq.
Iraq!
Iraq!
Ah, there it is!
Again, Iraq!
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
It's getting a little late, but...
The bomb's going off!
Maybe a nice bowl of cereal.
Settle your nerves.
A bowl of cereal.
Well, it's a little late in the day for cereal.
Cereal.
Cereal.
Syria.
That's the country that borders the north of Israel.
Hey, hey, hey, calm down.
You're going crazy.
They're gonna get sucked into this war as soon as the Arab coalition goes under.
Let's change the subject.
Ba-boom!
Change the subject, okay?
All right, all right, all right.
I'm sorry.
Your birthday's coming up, right?
My birthday.
That's a happy thing, you know?
That's a happy thing.
No more war talking about me.
Maybe you want a nice watch like the one I got here.
Look at this nice Rolex.
Hey, yeah, it is a nice watch.
Is that a fake Rolex, or is that real?
It's real.
It's real.
It's real.
It's real.
It's real.
It's real again with the Israel and Tel Aviv, those poor people.
They got the scuds dropped on them.
They don't know.
They're gonna snap those people, and I'm not gonna blame them when they do.
Dave, Dave, Dave, Dave, let's just talk about our family, right?
I'm sorry.
I'm all...
You're obsessing on this war thing.
I'm not obsessing on it.
You don't have to do that.
It just happens to be that we're in a crisis.
You know, life goes on.
All right, all right.
How's your kid?
Oh, my big guy.
He's great.
I get...
Well, you know, he gets into trouble sometimes.
Yeah.
I had to have a talk with him, you know?
I sat him down last night.
I sat him down, and I sat him, sat him, sat him, who say, hell, the bloodthirsty butcher
of Baghdad.
Stop it.
Stop it.
He's like another Hitler, and somebody's gotta stop him, but I don't know how we got...
Well, it's over big oil.
It's not about naked aggression.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
You know, I know what you like.
Football.
Let's talk about football.
Let's talk football.
Now, who's gonna do it?
The Giants or the Bills, huh?
Oh, the Giants.
You can bet the Giants.
I'd put money on that.
Nah, I bet it's gonna be the Bills, because, you know, it'll be over quick, man.
The Bills.
I think so.
Half hour, I bet.
The whole thing.
Half hour, you bet.
Half hour.
Half hour, Albertin.
Half hour, Albertin.
What are you talking about?
Half hour, Albertin.
Don't you read the papers.
Half hour, Albertin is a base where they keep missiles there, those Tomahawk cruise missiles.
They're launched from command centers, and they're gonna go up against the sky.
Hey, hey, so here comes the waiter.
He's gonna take the order.
We can have something nice to eat.
All right, all right.
You guys ready to order?
Yeah.
What are your specials today?
Specials today is barbecued spareribs.
Spareribs.
That sounds pretty good.
That sounds pretty good.
I'll try the spareribs.
Spareribs I like.
Spareribs.
Spareribs.
Arabs.
Arabs.
And there we go in the war again.
I can't stop thinking about it.
Arabs.
Who's Arabs?
We're gonna fight the Arab coalition.
It's going crazy.
The world is gonna go nuts.
My head is gonna explode.
Oh, maybe I'll try something else to eat.
How about the big stuff scud?
I mean, scrod.
See, I'm doing it now.
I'm doing it.
Look at my plate.
Rhymes with Kuwait.
Kuwait.
Kuwait.
Kuwait.
Kuwait.
And that was our good friend, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy,
and his good friend, Billy West.
Billy West, who's now, since that was recorded,
has become a big star as the voices of Ren and Stimpy.
And gosh, we could go on with sickening Gulf War material for forever.
Bleepo Abernathy.
Using a DARPA TAT breaker right now is weak.
You can see ATGW3LRs flying over your head.
They're going to Marine troops running across Kuwait's cities in major streets.
Now the Fog-Am fiber optic guided missile is hurtling down and turning left to the stairway in front of you.
And up, it's going through each bedroom sniffing for the one person typed into a computer printer.
Stick your hand in the ballot box, my boy, and taste my Karim Abdul-Jabbar.
Haha.
It's old Saddam Hussein.
He can sit right in the basket.
If you pull your mitts out, that's it.
Kaput.
And so, Reverend Mother swept majestically from the room.
Feigning out under the tables and...
We're breaking up, we're breaking up.
Look, I think we just gotta, you know...
It's not like a trip, bro.
The problem is that there's not enough...
We're not selling enough tennis shoes with lights in the heels over there in the Middle East.
We want to sell tennis shoes made out of human skin.
I'm doing my best to change that.
I just cranked out five new subgenius products to sell to those people and give them slack.
And www.subgenius.com
So is it done.
And by the will of his will and the magic of his...
His will, his magical will.
And by...
And by the...
Fight!
Fight the fighters and make war on the warriors and kill death by sending money to Bob.
Yes, your money is like a pole and Bob's post-op box is like a hole.
Have sex!
With Bob!
It is just a transition.
Plastic transition.
It's just a kiss away!
You will have 17 virgins waiting for you.
Give me a chance.
Well, we're back in the studio with Eric Scheib.
And the author of the book, the 18th virgin.
And Doris, what do you have to say?
Until next week.
What is the idea for...
What?
If you're old enough to be registered for the draft, you might start paying attention to what's going on out there.
Keep your hat on tight.
You're back to the land and you're sacking the saddle.
Desire for peacefulness.
At least in...
See y'all.
When you're...
Oh, look.
The thing in your sock.
Or kill me.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.
Bye.

Bye.





Bye.
