I make the characters
São Paulo

I'm so scared to death.
I'm so scared to death.
I'm so scared to death.
I'm so scared to death.
I'm so scared to death.
Fuck You, fuck you and your guns.
Also fuck your mom, but mostly fuck your guns.
Fuck you, fuck you and your guns You can fuck your mom, but mostly fuck your
guns
Little Billy Barton headed off to school Daddy's watching Fox News, sissy's in the
pool Mommy's cooking pot roast, Grandpa waves a
flag Billy puts the rifle in a satchel bag
Fuck you, fuck you and your guns Also fuck your mom, but mostly fuck your
guns
Fuck you, fuck you and your guns You got a tiny dick, but at least you got
a gun
Girls have never liked him, cause he is a putz
They don't understand him, bunch of fucking sluts
Billy's having problems, wants to join the clan
Flunking out of math, but at least he's got a plan
Daddy left the rifle hanging on the rack Billy finds the ammo and takes it from the
stack Later in the gym when he knows it's time to
choose Thirty corpses later and he's on the evening
news
A disarmed parent...
No, you know what, that is an absolute crime.
You stupid limpards that don't know the different points of...
Get my automatic...
Get my automatic...



These bitches, they calle a dog out
Um, um, um, what, fuck you Fuck the NRA
Fuck you Fuck the prends
You suck you stink
She left something in her car
She doesn't know where you are
She held up voodoo
You said, you were her boy


Fuck you and your guns.
Also fuck your mom, but mostly fuck your guns.
I'd like to fuck your mom, but mostly fuck your guns.
That was my hero, the Rudy Schwartz Project, from the latest album, Postal Code of Ham.
And obviously, this is one of those triple X-rated internet-only hours of slack.
Aside from another profanity-laced Rudy Schwartz Project song that'll close the show,
this episode is the third in a series of tributes to the late Dr. Katahdin Legim,
one of the most famous and colorful of subgenius preachers, and one of my best friends.
Uh...
Uh...
By the way, not only was he probably our most forceful preacher,
but he was also very skilled at computer graphics,
and he was an excellent writer, and shockingly imaginative at both.
He was also a troublemaker.
He did terribly provocative things in both the subgenius online world of forums and chats,
but also the real-life aspects of subgenius society,
and there really is such a thing.
And it's not actually very cult-like.
Legim made life very hard for people who wanted a real cult.
Sometimes he made it hard for me, but I always learned a lesson.
What I'm about to play here is a metaphorical fable by Legim
about sad, stupid, misguided, pasty-faced nerd bobbies.
Their fear of camping in the outdoors,
and the X-Day Drills,
which are all about subjecting pasty-faced city subgeniuses to camping,
the outdoors,
and what puzzling evidence called
the savage mind of the country's interior.
This fable, the legendary rape bear legend,
echoed down through subgenius from 2010,
when this was recorded,
to the present day.
It became a very prominent insight,
and it was a very popular side-joke meme in the church,
and it upset so many people that the endless references to it
eventually caused a very real and literal schism
within the X-Day Drills social world.
In 2016, a dozen friends dropped out of the scene completely
over the rape bear meme.
It is not PC.
Strangely, all of them thought it was fucking hilarious
when they first heard it in 2010,
as follows.
There was a time back in 1996.
It was the very first X-Day Drill,
and there was this young subgenius fella
who had heard all the radio shows and radio shows,
and read all the books,
and, you know, he was totally into Bob.
He said, well, I'm gonna go out,
and I'm gonna make that pilgrimage out to Brushwood
to hang out with my subgenius brethren.
And so he drove all day, and he drove all night,
and day after day he drove until finally,
in the middle of the night,
he pulled down that dark New York road
to where his campsite was.
And he got out of his car,
and he walked off into the woods to...
look for a camping spot.
And while he was walking out in the woods,
he crossed paths with a bear.
The biggest, nastiest fucking bear you ever saw.
And that bear raped him,
and raped him,
and raped him.
It raped him,
and raped him over and over again
in every orifice,
in every position that the bear could get into
for seven years.
After that seven years was over,
the bear became exhausted.
He rolled over and pulled his now drooping bear penis
out of the young subgenius' ass,
its tip still dripping with glee.
And that bear wandered away
for a long hibernation.
And that young subgenius got up,
and he was up on his wobbly legs,
and he began to walk,
and he was like,
thank you Bob for having this ordeal be over.
And suddenly,
he found himself surrounded by wolves.
And the wolves raped him,
and raped him,
and raped him,
and raped him.
They raped him over and over again
in all of his holes,
in all of the positions that the wolves could get into
for seven years.
It was me!
It was me!
Finally, being too worn out
to be of any pleasure to the wolves anymore,
the wolves scattered and ran off into the forest.
And that young subgenius began to walk,
and he walked and he walked,
and finally he heard the sounds of people,
and he came out of the woods
and was greeted
by a large man in a black
priest collar.
And he,
and that man in the priest collar looked at him and said,
brother, it took you a long time to get here,
but you're welcome here among us now.
And they raped him,
and raped him,
and raped him,
and raped him!
There were so many of them,
they made new holes,
and they raped,
and raped,
and raped,
and raped,
and raped,
and raped those holes.
For seven years,
in every position,
for seven years,


in every combination.
in every position,
And finally
he escaped from those people,
and he made it out
to Bailey Hill Road
and was hit by a truck.
His body was picked up by the local police,
They took him down to the local mortuary
where the mortician raped him and raped him
and raped him and raped him
and raped him and raped him and raped him some more
in every hole and in every position
and you can get into a lot of positions
when somebody's not complaining.
For seven years!
Finally, the mortician couldn't put the family off
any longer and they put him out in a coffin.
And his family came to mourn
and they came through the chapel
and they walked past his coffin
and they looked down at him and they said,
hmm.
And they raped him and raped him
and raped him and raped him.
They raped him and raped him and raped him some more
and spread out this immense chain of rape
that spread across the land
and everyone died of dog and bear AIDS the end.
And when the bodies began to overflow the local morgue,
they were spread out among the other morgues in the county
where they were raped and raped
and raped and raped and raped and raped and raped some more.
Woo!
And the moral of the story,
is that when you're driving around New York at night,
always read the street signs
because you might end up at Baptist camp like he did.
People are going to be trying to sleep tonight
and all they're going to hear in their heads is
and raped and raped and raped and raped and raped.
And they never had a chance to trust me

And I drank but I didn't put on any on.
That's night and it's night.

Everybody's fucking but me.
That's already happened-
Give me back my fountain百
Took it late
Some girls even balled two or three
And then they just seemed to trade
I can't get laid
A dazzling urban guy
Like me
And though it's well made
My pussy's useful only when I pee
Everybody's fucking money
I'm dying of terminal lust
Christ, it's so depressing to see
My plumbing covered with rust
My plumbing covered with rust

My sex life is so gloomy
Even my dog won't do me
Everybody's fucking
But me
Everybody's fucking
But me
I guess I don't have no class
Lustful guys behind every tree
It's just a pain in the ass
The men just seem to duck me
I wish they'd suck
And fuck me
Everybody's fucking money
Everybody's fucking money
It's just a pain in the ass
I can't get laid
Some girls even balled two or three


My pussy's useful only when I pee
I can't get laid

I guess I don't have no class




I have not the slightest idea who performed that song.
Not a clue.
The year after Legume sprang the Rakebearer saga on the world,
he brought us another story based on true events in subgenius history.
This is from 2011.
Speaking of...
Those who do not volunteer to give, we always have Reverend Legume to beat it out of them.
Legume is here.
Hi, doctors.
Howdy ho.
Hail Legume.
The preacher from the Black Legume.
I was going to actually use this on stage later,
but I wanted Stang to have a good recording of it,
and it seemed like a really good afternoon for a Dr. Legume story time.
All right.
All right.
Oh, boy.
Tell us a story.
Okay.
It's Dr. Legume story time, and today's story is...
It's about choices and the choices that you make.
Once upon a time, many years ago, last Wednesday,
there was a town known as Pinkstown.
Pinkstown was a very nice town with a lake and a park
and the cleanest streets you've ever seen.
Every lawn was purplish.
Every garden was perfectly trimmed.
Every garden filled with lovely flowers,
and every person was happy and satisfied.
There was no crime or pollution in Pinkstown,
and every Sunday, the houses were empty,
and the churches were full.
At night, families would walk in the park
or engage in the many wholesome family activities
available to the Pinktown's people.
At night...
Oh, wait.
At every night, the only eatery in town,
McDonald's,
Hamburger Heaven,
was filled to capacity with hungry Pinks.
Old Man McDonald worked every day and night,
making his hamburgers
and happily feeding the hungry bellies of the townsfolk,
and had done so for as long as anyone could remember.
He was beloved by all.
One day, a great noise was heard throughout the town.
It was a jarring calliope,
the music emanating from a curious wagon that rolled into town,
covered with flashing lights.
The wagon rolled down every street in Pinkstown,
with a great booming voice calling out,
Follow me to total satisfaction.
Startled by this amazing machine,
the people came out of their homes in droves,
following the outrageous machine until it stopped in a vacant lot
across from McDonald's Hamburger Heaven.
The great wagon wheels retracted,
and it settled to the ground.
Hatches opened,
and mechanical limbs flailed the air
as the machine transformed from a strange garish wagon
to the most amazing futuristic structure
the townsfolk had ever seen.
Roof-mounted loudspeakers proclaimed for all to hear,
Friends, my name is J.R. Bob Dobbs,
and I welcome you to the grand opening of my new,
fully automated restaurant,
Burger God Hunger Fuckers.








Burger God Hunger Fuckers.
Fireworks shot from the roof as a giant flashing neon sign lit up
and bathed the entire street in the glare of glowing, garish profanity.
The people were outraged.
Oh my God, hide the children's eyes, cried a mother.
We will not tolerate this in Pinkstown, cried the town's preacher.
Anger and frustration filled the air
as people wielding torches and pitchforks
tried in vain to burn down the structure.
Even as the seductive scent
of the most savory burgers you've ever smelled
wafted over the crowd
like a mouth-watering fog.
Despite themselves,
the people suddenly found themselves ravenously hungry.
They could not resist.
They must have a hamburger now.
As the townspeople began to surge
towards the door of Burger God Hunger Fucker,
the preachers cried out,
Wait, do not give in to temptation.
We cannot succumb to the lure of this horrific affront to our decency.
We will go to McDonald's and enjoy his hamburgers instead,
as we always have.
When nobody buys any hamburgers from this obscene mechanical monster,
it will no doubt go away.
So the citizens packed themselves into McDonald's
and ate more hamburgers than they had eaten in one night
in the history of McDonald's.
The lines were around the block and halfway through town
as drooling Pinkstownians fought.
And the townspeople were all over the place.





And so the townspeople fought the urge
to give their business to the Burger God Hunger Fucker.
Rolling eastward on US-1 was a dented green Buick
driven by a hungry young subgenius
named Reverend Funny Name.
Reverend Funny Name had been driving for days,
looking forward to his first X-Day vacation
and to enjoy the fellowship of his many subgenius friends.
He'd made very few stops during his pilgrimage,
but as he neared the pinnacle,

he was overcome by the alluring smell of hamburgers.
He could not remember ever smelling a hamburger this savory,
and he could not resist the hunger that seized him.
And he saw the line for the hamburgers,
and he smelled the hamburgers,
and he drove to the center of town,
and he looked at McDonald's, and he's like,
man, there is absolutely no way I'm waiting in that line.
And then, looking over his shoulder,
he saw the garish glow of the sign and said,
I'm hungry.
Oh, snap!
Burger God, hunger fucker!
He pulled into the drive-thru,
and after perusing the menu,
told the order bot,
I'd like the number 13 happy fucker fun meal
with a double hunger fucker burger, please,
with a big-ass mega fuckload of chili cheese fries
and a small motherfucking Diet Coke.
For his health.
As he pulled away from the lot
with his huge meal on the seat beside him,
the townspeople shook their fists at him
and gave him dirty looks.
Reverend Funny Name pulled back onto the highway
and continued east toward his destination.
It was the greatest meal of his life.
He not only ate that hunger fucker burger,
he ate the hunger fucking hell out of it.
It was so good,
he never wanted to shit it out.
He reached into the back,
grabbed a bag,
and retrieved the toy surprise
from his happy fucker fun meal.
It was a shiny plastic box
with a red button on top.
He pressed the red button and waited.
He pressed it again.
What a pile of junk, Reverend Funny Name said,
as the Burger God hunger fucker detonated,
leaving nothing left of Pinksville
but a smoking crater.
The end.
Freeze!
A beautiful tale, Dr. LeGue,
not just a...
It makes me hungry just thinking about it.
Ready to get your hunger fucked.
Bob also tried to market a type of beer
called Beer God the Thirst Fucker.
And these ad agencies he hired
would always try to talk him out of it.
But he actually opened a chain
of both Beer God and Burger God in Louisiana.
Yeah, I remember you told me about it years ago, obviously,
which is why I remembered.
Well, that will be on the, uh,
one of those X-rated internet-only hours of Slack.
Well, you know, last year,
I was able to put together an hour of Slack real easily.
I just used all the stuff that was too filthy
to use at all, if you were gonna bleep it.
So it was, uh, it was your,
your tale of the seven years of rape,
uh, that went on and on and on seven times.
Probably the most ripped-off meme of the year.
There was that entire New York devival
was centered around your story
of the, of the subgenius raping bears.
And, uh...
It was definitely a night of all rape.
Yeah, it wasn't all, uh, an all rape.
Well, it was one of those rape ex-days, you know?
You don't, we don't, we don't get those all the time.
I'm sorry, ladies, uh...
Hey, the weekend's...
...and boys.
You know, it can still happen
the 5th, you know.
If you need rape and stuff,
I'm sure there are some geniuses around
who'll lead you in the right direction.
The very reason that they, uh,
make it, uh, illegal to broadcast, uh,
those dirty words is because they don't want people
to be reminded of the fun things, you know,
the things in life that are free.
When you stop and think about it, uh,
nearly every word that's on that list
is something that everyone does on a regular basis
or had to have done somewhere along their life
in order to, to exist.
I mean, no one would...
Or, or wishes to hell they could.
And yet, so we're going to take that action
and we're going to say,
that's the word you can't use,
that's the word you can't speak,
that's the word you can't think.
If you ever needed proof of the conspiracy,
what greater proof is there?
So, not only that, but, uh,
not only should you use those dirty words,
you should think those dirty words
and act on those dirty words
whenever you can
and whenever you are supposed to not.
Just do it.
Think it.
Say it.
In spite of the con.
You know, you should be the new Captain Kangaroo
or romper room teacher, Papa Joe.
Uh, this next recording is much more recent
from a live podcast radio show
at the, uh,
20X Day drill of 2017.
20X Day.
Uh, I was surprised to find this recording
because, uh, right after that drill,
I had to pack up the entire
subgenius archives and move them to Texas
and I never even got to half of the recordings
from that one.
And neither Legume or I was at 21X Day last year.
So I'm glad I found this recording.
It's Dr. Legume with Dr. Argus Fox
and Reverend Susie the Floozy.
So, uh,
you'll come help me make fun of peas?
Who wants to tag out with Legume?
Oh, Cosmex swamping out.
Oh, now the show has begun.
Uh-oh.
I will come help you make fun of peas.
Hi, Miss Floozy.
Hi, Dr. Legume.
What's going on?
Oh, the only thing going on,
the only thing up around here is my blood pressure.
I'm just angry.
Well, there are some parts of me that are up
that just never seem to go down.
Most people drop stuff off at the, at the Goodwill box,
but I think peas actually just shops at it.
Those are some classy shoes.
Which hobo did you steal them off of?
Batman.
Uh, you off of Batman?
Two different hobos from the look of it.
Did you meet Batman with the, with the gangly Robin
we dropped off the other day?
He's hanging out with Victor Framptzopula outside of the clinic.
Ha.
A gangly Robin, yeah.
Batman and, and, and super stretch Robin edition.
Hell, he looks like somebody super stretched him out long ago.
Yeah, I wouldn't, not Dick Grayson, more like, uh, Dick Raisin.
Dick Raisin.
Dick Raisin.
And the Raisinettes.
What?
It's a chorus kick line cavalcade of pure comedic comedy genius.
Comedic comedy is much better than regular comedy.
Because it's funny.
It's twice over as good.
Yeah, it's twice as funny.
Just trying too hard.
Trying too hard?
Oh yeah, I understand.
You know, I've, I've listened to Reverend Pease up here trying too hard.
Trying too hard?
I mean, it's hard to understand much of what he says, you know, because he mumbles.
Itchy, you can't.
And you can't really look at him because he's got that, you know, that weird eye thing that he's got, you know, that kind of.
The imbecile.
Between his chin and his head, the place you just can't stand to look at.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a disease.
He's got that kind of weird bend to his head that looks like he had been kicked really hard or something and it just never flexed back into shape.
It's kind of like Don, Don Martin drew him.
Especially the way the toes have that extra joint and then the flap.
My favorite Don Morton sound effect is Pease.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I haven't been up behind a mic in a long time.
Now I know how Reverend Pease feels up here.
You know, but yeah, the difference being that, you know, Reverend Pease just sits here and never says anything funny.
He keeps his jokes hidden in his hat.
That's why he never takes it off and why we haven't heard anything.
That's not the worst thing he keeps in his hat.
You ever see when he takes it off and all those used Kleenexes fall out?
I don't even want to guess which hat.
I don't even know where the legend he came from with them.
Yeah, we were all passing around church air and balloons last night, but he just sucked on a Magnum for about two hours.
It was depleted after the first hit, too.
He just couldn't get the taste out of his mouth.
I can't use them.
Condoms on me is like wrapping a shotgun in Saran wrap.
My sperm count is so high that you have to chew before you swallow.
Pease, it's...
I'm all for it!
Trigger!
Dammit!
We've triggered Mother Miller.
I could macrame your sperm.
Make a wallet out of them.
Maybe a coin purse.
Tails!
They look like fucking otters!
Well, it was Laguma that was telling me the other day that sperm have teeth.
It's true.
Sperm do have jaws and teeth.
Well, I don't know if they have actual teeth, but they do have jaws.
They got lamprey mouths.
Yeah.
Desmond Morris, the guy who wrote The Naked Ape, did a documentary on human sexuality.
I think it was called Human Sexuality by Desmond Morris.
Oh, fucking...
And about 48 minutes, yes, about 48 minutes into the video, they show a part of...
They show a scene where they had taken the semen from two different men and put it in a...
They put them into one ovulating female.
And they had a micro camera in there that filmed what was going to happen.
Reality show.
And what these sperm would do is they would fight.
Fight!
Fight!
Fight!



Fight!

Fight!


Fight!
Fight!

Fight!
Fight!
Fight!
Fight!
I mean, you see the pictures and you think of them as being just like this round thing with a tail.
But once you get that close up look where they're ready to fight, those things open up into fucking jaws.
And they'll clamp on to the opposing sperm and thrash them around in like an alligator death roll until they die.
Wow.
And then they will build walls from the bodies of the dead to prevent the live sperm from getting to that egg.
I shit you not.
If sperm have teeth, whatever bit Pease's mother eggs must have been buck tooth.
As I was watching that, the only thing I could think was, are we really the top species here on Earth?
They're not like us.
All they're doing is swimming around creating new vehicles to carry them around and reproduce themselves.
Each one of us produces billions of them.
We're just a biosphere for the sperm that drive us.
Men, can you not agree?
What's the first thing you think about when that dick gets hard?
Getting them sperm and spreading them around.
We got nothing to do with this.
And I think, oh, it's going to be, yeah, it has nothing to do with us.
We're just like, we're like alligators and they're like the birds on their back with the, picking the little bugs off and shit.
We're just walking, we're Uber for sperm.
We are sperm Uber.
Yeah, but I've got a $50 coupon.
Damn.
And so.
And that's why when I was very young, I got a vasectomy.
I would not let that conspiracy beat me.
Fucking A.
I outwitched my own sperm.
I doomed the future to a legumeless bloodline.
Deny them our essence.
That's right.
Deny them my essence.
That's why you only ever see me drink pure blood.
They're just pee in the air.
Well, Pease has kids.
Locked in his basement.
That's what, that's what Pease thinks that too.
Pease thinks he has kids.
Sculpted from the potter's hands with discount Play-Doh.
That's not Play-Doh.
That's more of that sperm that's so thick you have to chew it before you swallow it after that.
Molecules the size of watermelons.
Moose.
Extra thick.
Pour it over your pancakes.
Speaking of pancakes.
We had pancakes.
We had pan- I didn't get pancakes.
I had a couple.
I didn't get pancakes.
I was, I was hiding in my tent from rape bears.
Because I was pretty sure that after I tilted the luck plane the other night that I was going to be completely annihilated by any cosmic force.
But I don't want to hear that I get blamed for not getting picked up on the fifth.
Compounded transgressions.
With a googol.
With a googol, a googillion of microaggressions.
An exponential chain of atrocities that erupted in a final flaming orgasm of violence.
Again.
I have to admit I was, I was really proud of Reverend Fox for burning that Bob dummy.
I know that in years past somebody would have run up and said,
No Reverend Fox, no you have to get permission, you have to check with us, we're never going to let you do it.
He just picked that son of a bitch up, walked up.
The chair too.
All starey eyed.
Lifted that Bob up over his head and he just paused there for a second.
Like he was just waiting for that perfect moment for the stars to come into alignment.
And he flung that body down onto the, onto the pyre and it snapped over backwards like when Homer Simpson bounced down the mountain and landed on that-
It was a rock at the end.
Yeah, it was a beautiful thing to see.
And I knew that probably some people would be upset but shit I'm the one that put the most work into building that thing and I loved every fucking minute of it.
And the part I loved best was the fact that you didn't clear it with anybody.
You just took it upon yourself to make yourself a fucking legend at X Day.
And that's what everybody should do is to try to make themselves a legend at X Day but don't try too hard or we'll fuck you up.
He was a hell of a guy.
He was a helpless vessel of Dobbs hand.
It wasn't me.
He was like one of those hand puppets with somebody's fingers up his patoot.
Oh you can lay that I was born this way thing on me but we know the truth.
Oh no he was wearing guide clothes.
This was a conscious decision made by you and a consenting alien robot baby radio wave.
That robot baby alien wave is the psychic ether that I will huff off of a red-
egg forever.
That was some.
I have to admit there was some shit about that thing that really genuinely scared me a bit.
I mean when I was up on stage working with that thing I was pouring fucking sweat up here from that thing.
And that crystal every time it got near the microphone it would cause a feedback.
I thought it was you doing it but it was every time it got near that the crystal got near the transmitter.
The voodoo.
It would just huff.
It would cause the microphones to all buzz and hum.
And it was later I was putting it in the box and I looked at it and the gauge I don't know why the gauge glows.
And I even when it's not exposed to light the gauge glows.
I thought it looked like it was on but.
It wasn't.
Fuck.
And so now I'm sitting here thinking how will I know if I got radiation poisoning.
Will my hair fall out?
I mean how will Reverend Stang know if he's been poisoned by it?
Will his nut shrivel up?
You'd think that was when he was replaced by the robot.
Oh.
I'm not allowed to disclose robot information.
He wasn't about to risk his nut.
Also in 2017 Dr. Laguime told us yet more of his children's stories and fables.
At the last X-Day drill he attended.
Actually it was the last one I attended too but I plan to be at the next one barring any more family tragedies caused by Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.
God how I hate fatal, painful and incurable diseases.
To me that's worse than the whole conspiracy put together.
Anyway here's Uncle Laguime's story time from July 3rd, 2017.
So it's story time with Uncle Laguime.
Yeah.
Long ago in a distant land there lived a handsome king.
He owned land as far as he could see and his land was fertile and abundant with wildlife.
The handsome king had everything a king could want but was missing one thing.
He was terribly lonely.
And one day he set out on his faithful horse Grunion in search of a bride.
He rode to every town and hamlet in the kingdom and had no success until one day at the very edge of the kingdom.
He spotted the most beauteous woman he had ever set eyes upon.
He introduced himself and she was very impressed with his kingly stature.
He said to her,
Many days and nights I have ridden in search of a bride.
And you are by far the fairest in the kingdom.
Soon after the two of them were wed in a lavish and elaborate ceremony.
Never in the history of the kingdom had there been so fair a queen.
Her quarters were the height of luxury.
Silk and bed and lace and servants to wait hand and foot upon her.
She had 100 beautiful Persian cats.
And each of them had their own servant.
Autumn soon came to pass.
And then winter.
When spring arrived the queen went before the king and said,
I have hired the greatest lawyer in all of the kingdom.
And I am divorcing you and taking half of everything.
The king grew angry and shot that skanky bitch right between the fucking eyes.
Then he poisoned her beloved cats and eviscerated all of the cats' servants.
And burned all her stupid shit and threw her body off the roof where it was devoured by coyotes.
And then the king hunted down and shot her.
And then he shot the coyotes.
And burned down all of the villages in his kingdom.
And killed all of the women and children.
And castrated the men and made them eat their own severed cocks.
And then he hanged himself with his own intestines and died.
The end.
Six Semper Tyrannis.
Death to all kings.
In days long past.
There was a rabbit who wanted to be a man.
He hopped around the grass like other rabbits.
But while they sat around nibbling dandelions he was dreaming of being a man.
One day he was hopping around the woods.
And he met a bear.
He asked of the bear,
Mr. Bear, have you ever wanted to be anything but a bear?
And unsheathing his giant throbbing bear penis he said to the rabbit,
Why no, Mr. Rabbit.
I am strong and fat and the master of the forest.
He did not rape the little bunny as you probably hoped or expected he would.
Instead he peed on a juniper bush.
Mr. Rabbit then said goodbye to Mr. Bear and was thankful he did not get raped.
Mr. Rabbit decided he would go to the people and ask them to teach him their strange ways.
So that he might learn to be a man.
Mr. Rabbit hopped out to the highway.
And was immediately smashed to a mushy pulp by a cement truck.
His body lay there in the hot sun buzzing with flies as car after car ran him down.
Until he became an elongated smear in the right tire rut of I-35.
Rain and maggots and the forces of decay broke his body down into those basic of organic components.
And he was reincarnated as a person.
He was born on a cold winter's day addicted to crack and heroin.
Which his street hooker mother called crack-a-win.
He was deformed with a club foot and a tricked knee.
And he was deaf and blind and he had an irritating high pitched whinny when he talked.
And he smelled really really bad due to a glandular condition.
He had one eye missing completely and gnarly teeth and acne and a small cock.
And delusions of a future career in pop music.
And he walked like a chicken and his anus leaked all the time.
And he stuttered and he wasn't very smart.
He was a little boy.
He was ugly as fuck.
He never cleaned his fingernails and hung around with Irishmen.
And he was uncircumcised and rife with smegma and Jesus did not love him.
He had orange hair like Ronald McDonald and it had lice and he never washed it.
He grew up to be a very unhappy man.
No woman wanted him.
No homosexual was so desperate as to have him.
Dogs wouldn't lick peanut butter off his genitals.
Children ran screaming from the sight of him.
And spurned his offer of candy and van rides.
He drank a lot.
And one night he was driving drunk and crashed his car into a tree and died by the side of I-35 while trying to avoid hitting a rabbit.
The rabbit was pregnant and sometime later gave birth to a litter.
One of the litter was a fat and healthy male.
His body contained the reincarnated soul of the dead man.
He spent his whole life hopping in the grass eating dandelions.
And never once dreamed of being a man.
One day men from the city came into the forest with nets.
And they captured the bunny and all of his family.
They were taken to a huge building where men in white aprons ground them alive into dog food.
In the nearby village lived a man everyone called Uncle John.
Uncle John's dogs liked the dog food very much.
The rabbit flesh ground into the horse meat was very savory.
The dogs were very fat and happy.
They were well fed as their master was very rich.
One day Uncle John came to the kennel where they all lay.
Corpulent on dog beds.
And he raped them all.
He raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them.
And he raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them.
and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them and raped them.

and raped them, and raped them, and raped them, and raped them, and raped them for seven hours,
because he had to be at the office early and was too busy to devote seven years to it.
I love to rape dogs, Uncle John said to himself, and I gave them all AIDS with my horrible diseased cock.
With his rape lust satisfied, Uncle John laid back in his luxurious rich bastard bed,
lit a cigarette, took a huge satisfying lung full of the savory tobacco smoke,
exhaled an impressive cloud, and fell immediately asleep.
That night they all died in a tragic fire caused by careless smoking.
The end.
Now didn't we just see what could happen with careless smoking last night?
Okay, that's what I've got for you guys for now.
I've got a couple more, but I'll do them maybe later.
Time to go get Bob-tized.
Let's go.
Let's go dip some shits.
We're gonna make dip shits.
Just like our parents did before us.
That recording was from a video cam, unfortunately,
because I wasn't there to double check the main audio recorder.
I was taking it easy that X-Day drill because it's time for me to do that
and let younger subgeniuses worry about me.
I'm not recording everything.
And besides, Sandy Boone's professional film crew was there shooting and interviewing.
That documentary about the church is finished, by the way,
and it's making the film festival circuits.
And I'm pretty confident that it'll end up being widely seen.
And yes, this hour of slack is obviously going to be a lot longer than an hour.
That's okay.
It's okay.
Yeah.
Some of that has to be cut out for us,
스터 iPhone 10 and so many articles


I'll give you the answer in many days in another videobleack-'
I hope so.
because I'm wanted in Washington.
And I know you're gonna continue that kid belt, which is all right.
a lot of it until now when I went looking for legume recordings. He did a
lot of spouting and ranting at that 2017 drill. Discovering these recordings that
I wasn't there for has been a real happy surprise for me. Legume put in a lot of
what we might call podcrust time with the upstart subgenius show called Time
for the Show. In this case with Dr. Argus Fox and Reverend Pease.
Hey Pease, why don't you come up here and take Reverend Flusey's spot? She says she doesn't get up here.
Come on Pease, come sit with us. Come on Pease, there's no such thing
as you can't talk anymore. I've heard you at four o'clock in the morning, Pease.
Here Pease. Here Pease. Pease, Pease, Pease, Pease, Pease.
If you leave there's a dress coming. Oh he's gonna load up on a little
of a rape bear urine. If you drink enough rape bear urine you can actually ward
off rape bears by releasing that urine through your sweat and perspiration.
Pease.
Oh look at this, Pease has nothing to say.
Pease.
Pease has nothing to say. Did you say all your words Reverend Pease? Did you, did you
mumble them all out now?
Now don't forget Reverend Pease to enunciate your words at the microphone.
Enunciate means talk. That's right. Take those words like I said, roll them around in your
mouth for a while and then spit it out. Pretend it's a cock at the bus station.
Oh.
I'm stuck on the table. Do I get a beer?
Yes.
Somebody, somebody get me a beer.
That would be nice.
Who invited you up here Pease? Oh wait, that was me.
First mistake of the day.
I gotta adjust my liquids. Okay, so, to you.
Reverend Pease.
It's a pleasure. It's a pleasure Reverend Pease.
That makes one of you.
You know, well, Argus Fox.
I just wanted to say.
The pleasure is all yours.
Oh thanks, yeah, I didn't want one.
You know, Reverend Pease, there's something I've been wanting to say to you. You spend
far too much time on the microphone.
Well, then why'd you ask me to come up here again? I can barely speak.
Well, because I figured there was no harm in it since you already spend far too much
time on the microphone.
Maybe, maybe if we get you to do another hour you won't say another word for the next two
days.
Well, that's a good plan. I can't find fault with that. But listen, there's been so much
revelations here at this X Day. And someone had to be the voice of reason to counter the
propaganda and the robot's things, terrible, tirade of hatred and fear that he holds over
all of us. And I took that mantle. I didn't want it. It was thrust upon me. And I feel
that I've served the church well in these dark hours. And, you know, I'm fighting a
good fight for you people.
See the incredible Pease.
26 cents.
Turn around. You missed the Pease.
I'd like to hear more, Reverend Pease, about your alien robot stang conspiracy.
Well, first of all, I think conspiracy is a strong word. We have documented facts. We
have clowns right now rushing documents taken from robot stangs, very own people.

We have this manual who they serve in the netherworld's
We'll pay to know what you'll really drink tonight live at the Thorazine Urine Suboxone Bloodstream Podcast Double Hour Special.
Making sure the game doesn't put a kick me sign on my back.
No, I wouldn't put a kick me sign on your back.
He just tattooed it across your head while you were asleep.
Stab me.
That's always so much fun when you go up and stick that stab me sign on somebody and by the end of the hall they're dead.
I think that would be a great tattoo.
I'm going to have Amy Munson tattoo that right on my chest.
It's going to say stab me.
I want to get a tattoo across my knuckles that says trigger warning.
I'm going to put a little target, a little crosshair target right above it.
It's going to say stab me.
What do you think, Legu?
I think I'd listen to that.
Take me up on that?
I'd take you up on that.
Sounds like a great deal for everybody.
I don't know what your tattoo is telling me to do, but I don't like it.
Yeah, it is kind of...
It's alien, isn't it?
It's sucking me into the vortex of your skin and it's...
It's my new natural camouflage.
It's a dark place there.
It's all from the biomechanical organs inside of Legu.
Yeah, you know...
For all we know, Legu could be a robot too.
For all you know, I could be the only one here.
Not a robot.
No, we know that Fit Julie is controlling everything from the force.
Made to be a robot.
So yeah, we're just going to have to start checking people.
We'll get the magnet.
What time is the check?
We mentioned it earlier and I forgot.
I think it's important information.
We should get it out there again.
Probably after hamburgers.
After hamburgers.
Post-hamburger robot check.
So for those of you that...
Look for people chewing oddly.
Chewing oddly, yeah.
There's going to be some special sauce.
And now, is that part of why the truck didn't do well?
Because of the...
The chewy sperm you added to the burger?
Well, we wouldn't put it in the burger.
Just as an accoutrement?
Yeah, it came in a side cup.
Okay.
You could dip it.
That sounds tasty.
It was kind of like marshmallow fluff with extra salt.
Caviar.
Of the gods.
So, what do you think of this new revelation that there's a possible FBI agent on this?
Well, I...
I see the note that was...
Oh.
Mysteriously thrown at me.
To examine the evidence.
Wrapped around a rock and knocked me in the head.
I love that shade of pink ink.
Now, this is an important fact.
This is written in pink ink, as Lagume kindly points out.
And it does have some hugs and kisses from the FBI agent, which I think is sweet.
That's nice.
They're people, too.
Which means they're probably really nice.
I don't know that this information should be released to the general public, man.
I really don't.
Now is the time.
Well, well, we didn't...
We didn't like...
All time, but time left.
Now is the moment.
I don't know here.
It says...
Dear...
Well, you read this already, didn't you?
Yeah, I read it.
Oh, well, then we're...
There's nothing else to do here.
I know that second word's a little hard, but I actually think it's on your birth certificate.
Dear retard.
Well, I...
The possibility that...
As we all know...
Here at X-Day, there could be an FBI agent here infiltrating, and that letter seems to suggest...
My plan...
That's just...
Is to go up to the FBI agent and say,
Hi, I'm Pease.
Want to be friends?
So, I think I've got a plan.
You guys are on your own.
What if he may already be someone you think is your friend?
Well...
I mean, somebody you would never suspect.
That'll be awesome.
Somebody very, very close to you.
You know, the thing is, you still get to maintain the story and film rights when things like this happen to you.
So, you might, when you get out, have an opportunity.
You know, you're not going to be the only one.
Fox, Fox, I figured it out.
I figured out the trigger word they used for your Manchurian candidate experience with Bob.
Thank goodness.
What was it?
I've got problems, man.
I've got problems.
I believe the actual word that triggered his programming was the word...
Percolator.
Percolator.
Do you have problems, man?
I was polite, though.
I did ask him to move it.
Oh, that was probably one of the men in black who put that...
Percolator there for you to spot.
I still feel kind of secure because I've seen all 17 people here.
It would have to be...
Intimately.
You're the only one I really don't know, Legume.
That's right.
My concern has now become increased because that's just what the FBI would do, is turn Legume against us.
He'd been a deep plant for 20 years, and now, finally, while I'm at X-Day, he springs his giant trap shut and collects us all.
Or perhaps...
One swift blow, and the Church of the Subgenius is no longer a thorn in the side of the conspiracy.
I hope that's not true.
I hope it's not true.
Because I love you.
But still.
I hope it's not true.
I'm afraid I can't comment on that.
There goes Fit Julie.
There goes Fit Julie.
Okay, now I can comment on that.
No.
Wait, what was the question?
Hey.
You know, someone who's missing this X-Day is Dr. Dark is not here.
Sadly, he's having serious health challenges.
But Princess Petal has brought the material to make a card so that we can all send him Bob's blessing.
Awesome.
Oh, yeah.
That's a great idea.
If everybody could sign the card for Dr. Dark, that would be awesome.
If it wasn't for Dr. Dark, I wouldn't have made it to the last X-Day.
That's correct.
So, on my behalf, I know that I would wish him quite well.
Let's not be that extreme, you know.
So.
No, I think Chaz has him beat by a decade.
Again, LeGame is referencing people that, you know, 50 years ago, maybe 100 years ago, were in the church.
Yes, that's right.
The people who made it possible for you to come out here and sit here at the microphone talking about those old men who were long dead.
To them guys.
Like that stupid old grandpa who died fighting the Japanese in World War II.
Well, where are you going with that, man?
Everybody's got a grandpa.
All of those old times of geniuses were just hokey old mysteries drowned in the dust of mundane obscurity now.
Do you subscribe to the belief that World War II was just a cover to move everyone from Earth to Mars where we now live?
We're all secretly living in Montana.
I knew it was crowded.
Way to go, Argus.
It's not a secret anymore.
Jesus.
This is the worst next day ever.
We've given away all our secrets.
We've changed dates.
There's a robot staying right in the muck.
And there's just nothing sacred anymore.
We've done none of this.
We're not responsible for any of this.
Yeah, I just showed up, man.
We're just puppets here dancing on the end of Bob's strings.
How is this any of our fault?
Well, I'm not saying it's anybody's fault.
I think it might be your fault, if anything.
Why would it be my fault?
Why would it be my fault?

Because I'm tired of taking the blame for all this shit.
Nobody's blaming you.
You're the one, a self-admitting FBI plant that's been here for 20 years to finally spring his trap shot.
And now you're saying that I'm the bad guy.
That's the beauty of it.
Not giving a fuck.
There you go, man.
Take the blame for what?
No.
Take a load off.
It's not mine.
Take a load off, Annie.
Take a load off.
I'll take a load off on you, peas.
Take a load off.
That's a 25-year-old.
That's a $25 fee.
That's right.
You'll take a load.
If you look at my back, you'll see a menu.
He would have said that's not going to happen last year, but he's in a bad place, folks.
I got troubles.
Yeah, he's in a bad place.
He's sitting between us.
He's in a bad place.
$25 a shot.
We're going to get peas' money back.
No.
So store it up.
Let's buy back peas' membership in the church of the sun.
Who will bid to buy Reverend Peas' membership?
I'll bid $35.
$35.
Bidding starts at $36.
That's a true subgenius song.
I'm sorry.
We wouldn't let you bid, but you're about to be on the ban list anyway.
Nice.
Maybe Frop Trula can give me a ride home.
Perhaps, but I doubt he will.
Probably not.
He's mad.
At least not without a stop at the bus station for you to enunciate around his testicles a few times.
Enunciate?
Is that what you call it?
It's fancy tongue work.
That's the fancy words.
I forgot about that, Reverend Peas.
Way to speak to your audience.
I am it, Peas.
Peas, you're the entire audience.
I know it.
Because if anything, a subgenius radio program is always punishing to an audience.
If you think about it, we're all our own audience.
I know I'm my own audience.
Great work.
Masterly.
You guys get half the shit that goes on here.
You know that, don't you?
You only really see the surface humor.
You never actually get the real punchline that the ones in the know get.
Break the surface tension in the port-a-potty.
There is a sacred codex.
Every time you see something funny, think about it real thoroughly.
Cogitate on the thought of what you've seen.
Move it around in your brain.
Like that fantasy of you enunciating around a pair of balls in the bus station.
I'm surprised, Lagune, because, you know, many secrets were revealed today in the surprise spring up show.
And for you to bring up these kind of things.
I was at the top of the points when those secrets were kind of revealed and the important selection process of what was or what was not at Dobbs Head.
These things were all revealed today to some of the church members for the first time.
That's good.
You know, that's going to play well on radio.
Plays well with the audience, though.
Yeah, it does.
Radio.
Wait a minute.
There are people in the audience.
There are going to be people listening to the radio.
There's thousands upon thousands of subgenius all across this great land.
There's like.
It's only you, Pease.
None of us actually are members of the Church of the Subgenius.
This has all been an elaborate scam to lure you here so we could laugh at you and make fun of you.
Philo Drummond had this idea back in 1977 to bet Reverend Ivan Stang that even if it takes 50 fucking years, he can get this motherfucker right here to sit at a table and be completely humiliated between the two of us.
And everybody is in on it but you.
I'll pay.
I'll pay for that for an hour.
So.
Everybody.
So.
Time to let the cat out of the bag.
Point and laugh.
Now we're going to put you in a bag.
Why you got to hurt my feels like that, LeCun?
Why you got to be like that, man?
I'm just trying to have fun.
It's just his natural hospitality.
I only do what your parents have paid me to do.
I'm just trying to get home on the saucers like everybody else.
You can't tell me I'm doing it wrong.
My question is valid.
You can get on the saucer.
You just need to get in.
I only do what your parents have paid me to do.



The trick is not in doing it right or wrong.
You can hang on to the bag by the windshield wipers.
The trick is in doing it without falling on your butt.
More enlightenment from looking at you.
I don't know how much more of this my brain can take.
Well, if it's anything like your, how much work that you can put into choosing your drug
dealers, then maybe, maybe a good bit.
I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about.
Maybe a good bit.
Man, I got troubles.
I got some troubles, man.
Is it like blues song worth?
I don't know.


Men
Don't ask me.
Don't ask me.
I've done my best up here.
I'm sorry.
Could you repeat that?
You're mumbling again.
I'm sure I'm not.
Well, you sure are because I'm having a lot of trouble understanding what you say.
Let me know.
Some people were born with a silver spoon in their mouth.
But peas had a crack spoon.
That's by design.
That's by design.
Cosmically, it needs to be that way for me to be peas.
It's nice for you to point that out.
But it is a requirement to become peas.
You have to have your soul patch exactly like that.
Uh-oh.
Everyone knows this.
Is that where you store your soul?
Everyone knows this, Legume.
If you hung out more, you'd know these things.
I don't mean to be, like, soul patch phobic or anything.
You know, I mean, if you don't feel comfortable with this, you know, we can switch to another subject.
Peas, you don't have to go away angry.
You just have to go away.
We could go back to the mumbling again.
I'm timing Legume.
That's all I'm doing.
I'm keeping records for science.
We're just, uh, are you done now?
Oh.
I'm just listening.
Science will not remove the humiliation of peas.
I'd like to give Reverend Peas two minutes to refute my charges of his semen.
You have to go much, much harder than this news of you rattling on for 15 minutes to humiliate peas.
Please.
Please, peas.
This is hour three.
I'll give you a chance, Reverend Peas.
I'm giving you a chance here.
Give me a chance.
Who are you to give any subgenius a chance?
Oh, I can give you a chance quite easily.
All I have to do is stop talking.
Subgeniuses make their own chances.
Right?
I'm going to give you a chance to talk without me interfering.
What's that?
Subgeniuses?
Don't make me mansplain this to you, son.
Oh, please.
That's going to, we're going to hit all the bases.
We're going to do a trifecta, brother.
That's right.
We're going to do the trifecta.
We're going to do the trifecta.
Come on, man.
Here's eggplant.
I got four bucks on the third race, and if you come in last, man, I'm going to be mad.
Are you?
Put a bet down for me, would you?
Yeah, you're going to be out there.
It's going to be.
And here it comes.
And here it comes.
And here it comes.
And here it comes.
And here it comes.
And here it comes.
And here it comes.
He'll take that one.
I'll finish this one.
Did you guys see how the whole Sunday just kept talking?
It's like.
That's right.
It's like you choked with him.
Oh, yeah.
Subgenius style.
Tree, tree, tree.
Hi, this is Joe, and I'm not home.
But I would sure like to know you, Carl.
So if you leave your name and your phone number, I'll call you back and I'll get home.
Hey, hey.
Tree, tree, tree.
Cut your goddamn fucking trees out, you goofy motherfucker.
You got three stuck up your ass.
Is that why you say tree, tree, tree?
Hey, Joe, and I'm not home.
Goofy motherfucking tree ass motherfucker.
I'm a bitch and bitch motherfucker.
I'm a bitch and bitch motherfucker.
I'm a bitch and bitch motherfucker.
I'm a bitch and bitch motherfucker.
The sun god awakens from the slumber of millennia.
Eyes crusted over, his joints stiff from inertia.
He flips on the lamp of the universe and watches as filth encrusted cockroaches of Andromeda
scurry beneath cheaply stylish appliances.
Resting on glistening quartz.
Countertops in Medusa's tastefully appointed cuisine.
A smooth, unbroken surface, save for a small, pulsating orifice near the center.
Father has talked to you.
Dispatch into the toilet.
Fumes and gases pierce the space-time fabric emanating from the orifice nestled in brown,
passing through eons and galaxies and beyond.
Passing through eons and galaxies and beyond.


The lives of glistening wax, where pod-spackled life-forks composed of chlorine gas argue
pointlessly over sandwiches as if a higher-priced margarine would have made any difference.
But tell me more.
Crossing abruptly through shabby office furniture, housed in a corrugated metal warehouse on
the outskirts of Topeka during the last year of the Harding.
A sad house with a broken Purple суп.













St accompagne.
His anus was brown, that's what the ladies all said
His anus was brown, they wanted a guy who smelled like turpentine instead
He was a man from Kansas, his pockets lined with gold
Wrapped in a burlap canvas, there was mildew in the folds
A warm gentle spray that disinfected all that stench
Tail and acrid fabric, the ladies approved
As soon as they noticed that the sphincter was elastic
So fashions change, the world keeps spinning
Won't you look at him now, he's the toast of the town
Because his anus is brown
Music
So


And don't forget, for even half a second
To praise Bob
