Yes, no, I'd say you're in a good spot right now to really enjoy more pleasure in your favorite easy chair.
More pleasure.
More pleasure.
On behalf of the Honolulu Police Department,
Yes, sir.
as K-Boy proudly presents
The So Genius Hour of Swatches.
Liz Martin.
Why would I bite into a mouse?
No, yes.
Yes.
Yeah, but Bob's going to be there.
Even if Bob did accidentally appropriate some of the silverware, I don't see why that's so serious.
Well, gee, it's Bob.
Yes.
Bob is cute, and I'm going to dance to this.
Bob's a man that girls forget.
I know, but he hasn't paid me yet.
Something stinks in Washington.
The rotten stench comes from
President Bush.
And more specifically,
President Bush.
Rotting meat.
Lowered expectations.
President Bush.
Wearing a diaper.
Except that.
Far low.
Jam.
Jammed the Cold War.
Bush's idea.
Bunk, bunk, bunk, bunk.
I almost gagged.
Bush's impeachment.
Use a diaper for entertainment purposes.
Require more patience.
We've lost.
We've lost.
We've lost.
We've lost.
We've lost.
Remember the fall.
The grieving families we have lived.
And we've lost it, right?
Bathroom.
Manure.
Pit.
Manure.
Pit.
Cow manure.
Cow manure.
Manure.
Require more patience.
They want to sleep in manure pit.
They woke up in heaven.
They want to sleep in manure pit.
They woke up in heaven.
They woke up in heaven.
If we've lost I'm done.
If we've lost.
I'm done.
If we've lost.
I'm done.
I'm 꿈.
Shit.
Shit.
Manure.
Pit.
We've lost.
We've lost.
We've lost.
We've lost.
We've lost.
Manure.
Pit.
Shit.
Shit.
Shit.
Shit.
They want to sleep in manure pit.
They woke up in heaven Victory.
I would like to think everyone who keeps their mouth shut.
o
I would like to think everyone who keeps their mouth shut.
Sh.
I think that's a very good thing.
Do you believe that our culture is going to undergo a voluntary transformation to a sane and sustainable way of living?
Do you believe that our culture is going to undergo a voluntary transformation to a sane and sustainable way of living?
The messiness, the nastiness of the crash will come almost exclusively by those whose lifestyles are destroying the planet attempting to maintain that lifestyle.
The sooner civilization comes down, whether or not we help a crash, the more life will remain afterwards to support both humans and non-humans.
The sooner civilization comes down, whether or not we help a crash, the more life will remain afterwards to support both humans and non-humans.
We have no alternative. We must use all our nuclear weapons. May I suggest we join in prayer?
I can't see how prayers will help.
Oh yes, we can at least save our souls. We must either attack them now or surrender to them.
Some more trouble.
The military men want to use all our nuclear weapons and then resist them to the bitter end.
We'll be wiped out by the radioactivity.
We have a tiger at the front door and a wolf at the back.
What is that supposed to mean?
But there is another way of thinking about it. Perhaps we are clearly at a time of great potential crisis.
I mean, we have the news of destroying the planet, which we've never had in the history of man.
The plan that will destroy King Ghidorah.
We wish to borrow from you on Earth the monsters Godzilla and Rodan.
Are you serious?
Of course. Deadly serious.
Will you help us?
Well, your request is unusual. We don't know how to answer that.
First place, we don't even know what Godzilla and Rodan are.
Please, cut me some slack here, will you? I'll give you anything you want.
Excellent.
Meanwhile...
My God.
What is that?
What?
Can you be specific? There's not much time.
Yes, we know. What do the tests indicate?
The tape recorder here...
is being moved by magnetic waves.
The waves generated over there.
If we can shield it...
If we can intercept the waves...
It'll stop.
Can you solve the problem in such a short time?
The odds are long.
But we're making our final tests.
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
A submarine bomb exploded in a harbor might affect the city.
The affected area would be a poor picnic site.
But might be entered briefly with a varying degree of risk.
Rips is part of the pattern of daily routine.
Occupational hazards are accepted in a matter-of-fact manner in civilian life.
Here's Tom with the weather.
Hi, Susie. It's 420 degrees Fahrenheit here in South Central L.A. right now.
Probably a good time to get out of the f***ing city, Susie.
There's gust of lead coming up sunset.
Oh, God. I've been misinformed.
Increasing.
Captain?
Yes?
What is it?
Radioactivity's stronger.
Uh-oh.
What?
I don't know.
I'm gonna go get some sleep.
I'm gonna go get some sleep.
Ah, feel that radioactivity wafting off of Reverend Susie the Floozy who cut that collage
from her show Bob's Slacktime Funhouse on WREK Atlanta, Prey Wreck.
This show, however, is the hour of Slack number 1115 from the Church of the Subgenius,
and this episode is focused on the conspiracy.
The conspiracy of all the normal people.
Uh, this show started with Le Mar's opening, and then there were two collages by the great
Reverend Norrell Preff, and DerekJensen.org did the musical interlude just before Susie's.
And we'll be hearing more unique Devo covers and some recordings from the devotional itself
at Fine Fan Con in Cleveland.
But first, we'd like to thank our sponsors.
And we'd like to thank the people who wrote the subtitles.
And we're going to ask you to pray and march forward to get your own arm load of subgenius
memorabilia.
There's no better time than now.
I think we've got ModaMac and other helpful sorts at the, um, Swag Shack.
But they are patients, let alone the Swag Shack, right across from the pool, where you'll
be able to buy the subgenius crap that you've always dreamed of owning.
Well, uh, y'know.
You're listening to the broadcast from Brushwood.
I hear the thing creeping up on us in the background.
As always, twas ever thus.
Oh, yeah, I guess.
Turned on is such an evocative phrase.
And so now we have video as well as audio documentation.
Folks, these tapes or whatever form of recording they may ultimately assume
might prove to be the most valuable documents of our time,
perhaps projected on clouds in the future of the dwindling days of the human race.
One can never tell.
Dobbs prophesied that the moon would be used as a gigantic drive-in movie screen, so to speak.
They might do that to disguise all their evil doings
and to put them in the dark.
I think it's a great idea to have that kind of a thing up there
because now we've got George W. Bush with his eye on the moon.
And he knows why he wants to be there and build a super-militarized moon base at the pole of the moon.
Of course, the pole is a good place to do it because you avoid the greatest extremes of temperature.
But critics have pointed out it's going to cost a vast fortune to keep these guys supplied with the necessities of life.
Why do they need to be on the moon anyway?
Didn't we go there?
But there is a reason.
The golfing, for one thing.
Oh, yes.
The astronauts who went already hit a famous line drive on the lunar regolith.
But what Mr. Bush and his friends are actually angling for
is essentially the gas or oil of the future
because the petro-products from biological development on the planet Earth
will ultimately run dry, as everyone has known for some time.
But it turns out that the moon contains a strange and novel new source of power.
You can read all about it if you just type in a search to helium-3.
Helium-3, only found on the moon.
A perfect source of clean nuclear reaction and the source of infinite energy.
An ironic aspect of that is that,
another chemical or mineral that can only be found on the moon is cavorite.
And you need cavorite to get to the moon.
No, they don't have cavorite.
I'm sorry to correct you.
They were unable to create cavorite on the moon out of lunar elements.
Oh, I didn't know they had tried.
They tried.
They tried to create cavorite both in the movie and in the book.
In the book it was suggested.
He discourses on the difficulty of creating cavorite.
Otherwise he would try to leave.
His selenite friends would have helped him build another sphere.
But one reason that cavorite didn't work on the moon,
or it couldn't be composed on the moon,
was they didn't have any helium there.
Because the moon, being so light,
wouldn't allow the light gas helium to stay on its surface.
There's a large spider on my microphone which is inhibiting my broadcast.
I'm afraid it may jump on my face if I keep my silence.
I'm afraid I'll get myself close enough.
Zoom in.
Camera one, zoom in on that.
I'd rather just get him off here.
What's that thing inside your nose, Al?
Shadow.
Give him a blow.
They hate being blown on anyway, let alone being blown off something.
That is the sound of Dr.
You can hear the tiny footsteps of the spider as he crawls.
It's a hideous leaping spider.
All right, enough.
The spiders may try to stop us, folks.
But we're going to continue to keep our broadcast going no matter what.
Not only the arachnid forces, but certain of the insects are against our cause.
And they comprise a mightier army than one might suppose.
I'm reminded of that wonderful Philip K. Dick story.
Did you read it about the guy who somehow makes an alliance
with some of the insects against some of the others?
Or maybe it's with the spiders.
And they say, well, we're glad you got in touch with us
because the insects are really planning something.
They're planning to wipe you out.
But now that we're on your side, we think that you can be saved.
And the guy says, oh, thank God.
I was really worried as I started to discover this.
What could be more horrible than being eaten by a million insects?
And the spiders say, well, it seems I'm sorry.
You didn't quite understand what we were saying.
You can't be saved.
We think your species can be saved.
You are about to be devoured.
You are about to be eaten by 10 million angry insects.
And the door bulges in ominously under the weight
of 10 zillion stridulating insects.
Yes, that Philip K. Dick was really quite a character.
He knew his elements, didn't he?
America's most beloved mentally ill science fiction author.
Now how Dick Cheney created Dick Cheney.
Door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door, door.
Dick Cheney.
Tax, tax.
I'd like to get him on the tax.
Vice, vice.
The package.
Congressman Dick.
Congressman Dick.
Dick, Dick, Dick, Dick, Dick, Dick.
Thank you for undertaking.
Thank you for undertaking.
Halliburton.
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo.
United States, a safe haven for terror.
Mine, mine, mine, mine.
Guantanamo Bay.
Guantanamo Bay.
Shocks the conscience.
Shocks the conscience.
Cruel, cruel.
Did you find out, what did you find out?
Did you find out, what did you find out?
Expand on one.
Provide checks.
Halliburton.
Provide checks.
It is a real threat.
And the biggest threat.
Reckless.
Funch, funch, funch, funch.
Well, I think...
Number two.

I just wanted to mention a point that was shared with me by a friend once.
He said, rationalization is more important than food.
Because you can go all day without eating.
That's for sure.
And there's no way you can go through a day without reassuring yourself some pleasant
bullshit that makes you feel better about your pathetic failure.
Dr. Howell, you won Tony.

Can you watch Mr.
Ruby today?
Well, I did see his pseudo reveal when they recorded
him on the calle portion of the ustedes...
Mm-hmmm.
... and even though I was like, smooth as mad, and we took too long tape
that
you really didn't do that dumbass thing.
And yet the incessant pummeling can ultimately cause the little clown
to lose the hot air with which it is filled.
But you don't have to worry about that with Dr. Howell or me.
That's quite true, but you don't want to end up the little clown
in the final tertiary stage, a mostly deflated sack
that is incapable of standing without any assistance.
So you only have a certain amount of bounce-backs.
However, the good news is the natural tendency is the bounce-back.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.





I don't know, Jack.
The tests are all right.
As a matter of fact, I think I got the figures right here.
Yeah, you see, the oxygen content is...
What?
I don't care about the figures.
Why have I got a headache?
They're using magnetic waves.
That's where we have a chance.
If we are able to sever those waves, we can save the Earth.
Is there some electricity in the air?
Oh, no.
Is this...
Is this gonna...
Is this gonna set off the doomsday machine?
Say, George, that was quick thinking.
You crazy bitch.
Time is getting short. I better get on my speech.
...and putting them into camps.
All American citizens are to report to one of these death camps right away.
Did I say death camps? I meant happy camps,
where you will eat the finest...
meals...
have access to fabulous doctors
and be able to exercise regularly.
And that's the truth.
Police are investigating this man as a possible serial killer.
We reinforced our military efforts with more troops.
We also reinforced our military efforts with more troops.
We also reinforced our military efforts with more...
Killings.
Police are investigating this man as a possible serial killer.
Help.
Your arm is working perfectly, but there's a part that's not screwed on.
Let's have a look.
Let's have a look.
Excuse me.
Coming.
Coming.
Hang on.
Hang on.
I want you at the coke convention back in 1965.
You're the best red red executive I see heavily advertised.
You're the great red man whose daughter lips really brings buttons clean.
You're the man who squats behind the man who works the soft machine.
Come now, gentlemen.
Your love is all I crave.
You're still in the circus when I'm laughing.
Laughing in my grave.
You were going to let us...
You can't escape from Bob.
That's the point.
You cannot escape.
They'll start growing on you when you want to get...
You decide, okay, I've had enough.
This subgenius thing is stupid.
And, well, that may be so.
But that doesn't mean that that tattoo of the Dobbs head...
Is going to go away.
In fact, it might form another one.
You might check your moles and warts to see if they've grown a little pipe-shaped extension.
You can't escape.
It gets in you.
Oh, this would be a good time for the sermon on the rubbers.
If I still have one, I could demonstrate it.
The Bob or the Connie rubber?
I do.
Yeah, here.
I kept this because, friends, this company, Condomania,
wrote to us about three or four months ago.
And said, actually, they contacted me on my MySpace page, of all things,
and said, we do condoms, and we're doing art condoms by cartoonists like Coop
and various other studly artists, and we wanted to put Bob on a condom.
And I said, oh, great.
You know, they'll pay us some little royalty.
And I said, there should also be a Connie-dom as well.
And I was real excited about that.
But when we finally got samples of them, really, just before X-Day,
I was really disappointed.
My heart was broken.
Because although the Connie looks really nice on here, on the packaging,
you open it up, and it's just a plain, ordinary rubber.
The Connie is not printed on the rubber.
It's printed on the packaging.
That is pinkness, my friend.
Yeah.
Because, obviously, the whole thing is pink.

The whole thrill of a Bob condom is to see that distorted, swollen Bob head
and whatever kind of weird mutations it'll take on,
depending on what kind of knob it slid over.
And, you know, or a funny-looking Connie, depending on which one.
And then I got to thinking about it.
Of course the conspiracy would pink out on that.
Because, say, you were using a Connie, and you were printing a Connie,
and you were using...
Say you were lucky enough to have another person to use the thing with.
Yeah, you would have to have that.
Or if, like the old saw goes, you could actually fuck yourself.
At any rate, what if you, to be vulgar, pulled out,
and the Dobbs head was all runny, or maybe even completely washed off?
That would imply that you had left a Dobbs head inside of that orifice that you were using,
be it armpits.
Or whatever.
So, is that good or bad?
The problem is, what's the ink made of?
Of course you want to have a Dobbs head inside of you,
but what if it's made of toxic ink?
Prairie... Right.
Now, that would be the answer.
Dr. Howell suggested prairie squid ink.
If that were used...
I mean, nobody's going to object to that.
So I guess we need to write this company and go,
look, you're just...
As long as the Bob is only on the packaging and not the product,
it's not a Bob product.
It's a lie.
It's a conspiracy lie.
Anybody can stick a damn pipe-faced smiling square on their product,
but it ain't for real unless you can take it all the way up you
and still have that Dobbs head.
Yes, and how typical of the conspiracy and its productions
that it causes you to experience hope and anticipation,
and then you simply end up with something boring.
Right.
You think you're going to get...
It's not even a good balloon at this point.
No, it's just a plain old Coney Island whitefish.
But that's the conspiracy for you.
It lives, it advances by these increments of unhappiness that it produces,
like some gluttonous being that subsists upon sorrow.
Friends, we can't let X-Day be like this condom.
With Bob just on the outside.
Actually, I don't blame him for not showing up.
I mean, look what we do to that replica of him.
You're going to...
That is a replica, by the way, if anybody was confused.
That's not J.R. Bob Dobbs, but a cleverly constructed,
fabulously realistic mannequin or dummy.
It's necessary to have such an eidolon to concentrate the thoughts upon.
Thanks to Dr. Howell.
Thanks to Dr. Howell for the thought concentrations.
And you can also hear Dr. Howell weekly if you look at askdrhowell.com,
since he's on Pirate Cat Radio and the subgenius Puzzling Evidence sub-show
on kpfa.org every week.
Thanks also to Suzy the Floozy and Noro Pref for the collages.
But now, back to Thickhead with this new Devo cover
from the Cleveland band at myspace.com slash baditude.
We'll be right back.
I'd like to steal and I'd like to kill.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Go, go, go Speed Racer.
Go, go, go Speed Racer.
Go, go, go Speed Racer.
Go, go, go Speed Racer.
I'm a Barbie doll, but I've got dreams
She's a Barbie doll, but she's got dreams
I've got dreams and I like to fuck
That's a fake, she likes to fuck
I'm your doctor and here's the bill
Please call the doctor and here's the bill
I like to steal and my name is Phil
That asshole steals and his name is Phil
I'm a speed racer and I drive real fast
I'm a big player and I like to steal
I'm a Barbie doll, but I've got dreams
I'm your doctor and here's the bill
I drive real fast, I'm gonna laugh
I like to drink and I like to kill
I've got dreams and I like to fuck
I like to steal and my name is Phil
I like to fuck
I'm your doctor and here's the bill
Thanks for watching.
See you next time.
Nazis and other eugenicists were stopped cold, they should have realized that you
can breed the biggest beefiest specimen but this is not necessarily going to be
the mover and shaker who causes history to happen, who gets things done. Rather, as
in R. Crumb's eloquent comic strip about cave people, Cave Wimp, it's often the
weird, bizarre, twisted nerd caveman who is actually making the Venus of Willendorf
statues just for masturbation objects but actually advancing human civilization and
art while the beefy, brawny mammoth hunters are out whooping it up around the tar pit.
We've often said that the first religion was created by the first near-sighted caveman,
the one who couldn't hunt.

They had the odd-nosed rabbit as an example.
The first human being was a sacrifice for the other cavemen but instead had the gift
of tricking and lying to the other cavemen to get them to bring him food.
Macular degeneration is a kind of large crossed bear in the Pleistocene.
It's a gift to our elderly people, macular degeneration, and it proves that it's
not the scariest monkey or the hairiest monkey, but the lairiest monkey that conceives and
begets.
Well, propaganda tells you that you'll be a lovable animal, that you'll have a

bumbling, nearsighted Mr. Magoo miraculously avoiding hideous embarrassment and extensive bodily injury.
But in real life, you head directly toward each embarrassment and painful wound.
There is no cartoon fate preventing you from stepping off the end of the swinging girder in space.
One must be ever more vigilant, even as the strength fades and the powers fail.
You may think it won't happen to you, but the flesh is weak. Only the spirit remains strong.
And weak.
And it's a good thing too, because if your self, if your sensorium were to last,
if you were to be immortal as the angels, then you could complain
as such.
As some of the fallen angels do.
That eternal strength and eternal being only help you feel eternal punishment.
Yes, death will let you off this wheel of ouches and pains, indignities.
There's nothing but that long, dreamless sleep in the ground to look forward to.
What about the subgenius?

The subgenius heaven with that pamphlet promise.
Well, are we going to take our sweating pimply bodies up to this subgenius heaven,
or are we going to have hyperbodies with perfumed sweat and jeweled pimples?
It all depends on which one of the mystics that you read.
And some of them mystic by a mile, I'm sure.
Well, Margaret, we've been gone for three days now.
My pimples have turned to diamonds.
And look, this scrofulous on the back of my neck is a fine gold dust.
Stang was right.
Of course, he was wrong, too, unfortunately.
But the other parts, the missing limbs and so forth, look, everything has become bejeweled.
Ticks, fleas, mosquitoes.
In revolt.
And active.
Revenge.
Shopping malls.
Not far away.
The churches.
Gang rape last month.
We've been doing this.
Yes, yes.
It's been really hot lately.
Go.
Heatwave.
Other kinds of torture.
Circumcise them again.
I will do that.
Horrible crime.
Sexually assault.
Hitchhiking.
Pit bulls.
Held at gunpoint.
Drowning, hanging or electrocution.
Scat.
Clink.
Scat.
Crime.
Probe.
Participate.
Things are looking up.
It's not clear.
Debris is everywhere.
Pick up the pieces.
Public.
Remains in shock.
Private internet site.
Have a U.S. connection.
Distressed.
Do participate.
Nineteen.
Nineteen.
Okay.
Nineteen.
Nineteen.
I do not understand.
I saw the best minds of my generation.
The Ayatollah Khomeini.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Beep.
Walk in space.
Simpson.
Simpson.
Guilty.
Walk in space.
Hostage crisis.
Nineteen.
Nineteen.
Oh push push.
Oh 81.
Nineteen.
Nineteen.
Revolution.
It happens, it happens.
It happens.
Nineteen.
Nineteen.
Destroyed.
Destroyed by madness.
1919 the Dancer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
1919.
He was 37.
Okay.
Of course, to be candid, Father, a prolonged future doesn't excite me.
It would have to have a point. I've sometimes doubted whether life itself has any.
If that is so, then long life must be even more pointless.
No, I'd need a much more definite reason for going on and on.
We have reason.
It is the entire meaning and purpose of Shangri-La.
It came to me in a vision.
Long, long ago.
I saw all the nations strengthening, not in wisdom,
but in the vulgar passions and the will to the world.
I saw the machine power multiplying until a single weapon man might match a whole army.
I foresaw a time when man, exulting in the technique of murder,
would rage so hotly over the world that every book, every treasure would be doomed to destruction.
I saw the power of the machine.
This vision was so vivid and so moving
that I determined to gather together all things of beauty and of culture that I could
and preserve them here,
against the doom toward which the world is rushing.
Look at the world today.
Is there anything more pitiful?
What madness there is.
What blindness.
What unintelligent leadership.
A scurrying mass of bewildered humanity,
crashing headlong against each other,
propelled by an orgy of greed and brutality.
The time must come, my friend,
when this orgy will spend itself.
When brutality and violence will be the same.
And the lust for power must perish by its own sword.
That con-
against that time,
the con-
is why I avoided death and am here.
And why you were brought here.
For when that day comes,
the world must begin to look for a new life.
And it is our hope that they may find it here.
For here we shall be,
with their books and their music,
and a way of life based on one simple rule.
Be kind.
When that day comes,
it is our hope that the brotherly love of Shangri-La
will spread throughout the world.
The End
That was from the 1930s film by Frank Capra called Lost Horizon.
Only that was the part of the High Llamas rant that was cut by the conspiracy from the movie,
and tucked away for 70 years until the restored version, which I downloaded.
The music in the background, by the way, dear friends, is by Speed Cave.
This was handed to me at the devotional, and I love it.
Speed Cave.
Before all of that, friends, we heard two Norell Pref collages from norellpref.com.
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave with Dr. Howell at 10X Day.
Now let's go back to the devotional on August 25th, 2007 in Cleveland,
with some excerpts from the devotional sermon.
It's always been the crazy people,
the so-called losers, the weirdos, the fringe,
that have had the insanity and the ovaries,
to stand up against City Hall.
You'd have to be crazy to think you could beat City Hall.
And yet, every now and then, some crazy person,
or some crazy band,
does that very thing!
You have the freedom, my friend, to repent of your sinlessness,
to grab slack by the collar and scream in its face,
and say, this is my life!
And I will, you may make me take that pee test,
you may make me clock in at 8, 8.30 in the morning,
but you can never have what's inside my perverted, sick, de-demented head!
I can't believe why it seems like a cancer,
my love, that I'm badly hurt,
and I just want to reimagine what happened to you.
It's all because, of grey and anger and race,

I give you all through violence,

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.









So, friends, the reason you all are here because of Slack.
You have enough Slack to get away from your job,
or your panhandling or whatever you do to come here and
hang out.
And, you know, the normal human,
the average ordinary garden variety Earth man,
The pink boy, we call them.
They have a lot of nasty words for us, and we have just as many for them.
The mediocratons, the Barbies and Kens, the cage dwellers, the pink boys.
The pink boys don't believe in slap, my friend.
They can only get satisfaction from taking away somebody else's slap,
from power over others, and from having lots of things.
It's all me, me, me, me.
We call them meanderthals.
Are you a youanderthal, my friend?
I'm a Bobanderthal.
I just decided that.
We made that up this very morning.
And really, as far as the belief thing goes,
we believe in everything, but we don't believe in anything.
Question authority.
Somebody's been reading their pre-scriptures.
We don't believe in magic or science.
You know.
People go, well, you're reverend saying,
you sound kind of like a secular humanist rationalist or something.
Don't you hate any religions?
Actually, I wasn't raised under any religion.
I don't have, no nuns hit me on the knuckles,
or I wasn't forced to handle snakes and then fail to do it properly.
I don't really have, I just always found it really interesting.
You know, at first, like everybody else,
we all remember that first walk at age 11,
or whatever, down the occult aisle of the used bookstore.
And coming upon these paperbacks that were full of,
it's like, if this stuff is true,
this is the most important thing in the world.
This is much more important than that economics degree in college.
And man, I believed.
I joined so many belief systems.
It was great.
It was a lot of fun.
And, but ultimately, you know,
eventually the UFO photos,
they find the model in the guy's attic.
The Bigfoot tracks, they find the big wooden foot.
You know, the old lady wearing the suit admits who she was wearing.
All this kind, and they never can make it work in the lab worth a hoot.
But, we don't know whose aquarium we're in.
You know, when you feed your fish,
they don't know that it's you feeding them.
They don't know where that food comes from.
To you, to them, you're just a cloud.
It comes by and stuff drops in.
We don't know what aquarium we're in.
I used to sit with my little son watching Beavis and Butthead on MTV.
And Beavis and Butthead would be watching these music videos
and mocking them, you know, putting them down.
Praise Beavis!
Praise Cornholio.
We, and my son,
my son and I would sit there critiquing Beavis and Butthead critiquing MTV.
And at a certain point, I kind of had to go...
How far up?
You know, we're all puppets, I guess.
And, you know, there could be any number of layers of puppeteers, you know.
There's a puppet that can work a puppet.
And some other puppets working that puppet.
Now, I don't see any of us with strings on our fingers,
so that indicates to me that we're kind of at the bottom of the line on the stage.
We're the ones way down...
We're the expendable puppets, I suppose.
So, I gave up on even rationalizing.
Although that is...
As Carter LeBlanc, Reverend Carter LeBlanc, quoted to me the other day,
rationalizing is more important than food.
Because you can go for an hour without food.
So, we now believe in irrationalizing, which works better.
It's kind of like the term subgenius.
It's very all-inclusive.
True, we won't allow geniuses in, but almost everybody else qualifies.
And you can...
There's ways to make yourself less of a genius.
We have ways to get rid of those excess brain cells.
See me after the show and I can set up a demonstration of FROP inaction.
That is the inaction of FROP.
Listen, I hear a story a long time ago about you and some prairie dogs.
Yeah, I do understand.
As long as he and what he represents remains alive in this country,
we've got the greatest nation in the world.
Wait, who is he?
The Loneger.
Endless!
FROP!
The Loneger realized he wore a hideous mask resembling a skull,
with curved horns protruding from a wig of dyed porcupines.
He was a white man.
Kind of worried about Indian trouble.
Indian trouble?
Look.
I knew those blood-thirsty devils, you know.
Do what I say.
What is it?
Break half.
Bang them.
Arm sides.
I'll do it.
Another thing.
A white horn.
What do you mean?
I told you.
A white horn.
How?
Here.
Yeah?
Yeah?
Yeah?
Where were you and your friend?
Selling a lot of whiskey to the Indians.
Come on, then.
The Loneger reached the camp.
Hold it tight.
You're right.
Who are you?
A path.
I remember I said, break on.
That's right.
Come on, then.
The Loneger told an ominous story.
From the bro-bodies of several dead Indians, the Loneger finally found the old's main camp.
He saw hundreds of flaming half-naked savages.
And they're really slacking soldiers.
Those sneaking Redskins were three to one.
What's to handle?
The best way to handle Indians is before they do.
Uh-huh.
The Loneger suddenly ceased.
He always was an ornery cuss.
The next hour, the Loneger huddled close to the shallow Indian.
I know how these sneaking Indians figure.
I know how these sneaking Indians figure.
Tango fool.
You're not a panacea, are you?
Yes, the little girl in the corner there.
No.
Or either one of the little girls.
No, you first.
Left first.
I have a really weird question.
Okay?
They all say that.
What do you think is a fellow participant of spec, if Tony Danza were president in
2000, do you think that Tony Danza would make a good president?
You'll have to see.
I'm kind of deaf.
Tony Danza was-
I kind of lost the question.
Oh.
What do you think of Tony Danza as president?
Tony Danza?
What do I think of Tony Danza as president?
What is the difference?
And here's the thing.
I'm not even sure who Tony Danza is.
Is he an actor that was on a sitcom, or am I thinking of somebody else?
Right, okay.
Why your Earth sitcoms I don't really know much about.
His slogan would be great, though.
It would be like, who's your boss?
Danza.
Oh, wait.
Who cares?
At this point, you know, I mean, God, I might as well elect Bob.
The nice thing about Bob is he's never around.
He has no opinions.
And by the way, the reason it's called Church of the Subgenius is not because we worship a guy who's a genius.
Bob is not smart.
He's brainless.
He's just lucky.
And that's all that matters.
As Bob said, I'd rather be lucky than good.
I'd rather be good any day.
Okay, now what was your question?
My unthinking Bob is great.
But I was wondering, I heard a rumor that Bob had changed sex an infinite number of times
so he could have intercourse with Jehovah-1.
Yes.
Bob changes sex, has changed sex an infinite number of times, and he's always doing that.
But it's like persistence of vision that allows a motion picture to look like a moving thing
when it's really a series of stills.
Bob flickers back and forth between.
Sex is so fast that he just appears to be this sort of half-tone dot pattern.
You don't even see a body.
So you don't know what sex he is for sure.
For all we know, he might just be a head with dots.
The dots are the important part.
Okay, who were, what's back there?
Another question here.
Oh, yeah.
Do you think Bob gave you your power to move small buildings with the power of God?
Oh, this poor individual had to sleep in the same building as me the other night
and was asking if Bob gave me the power to move buildings with the power of my snores.
And that's kind of getting to be an inside joke.
It wasn't too bad last night, was it?
I didn't even go to bed until six in the morning.
How could you have heard me snoring?
They quarantined me into the one room in the trailer that has a door.
And I didn't take the, what, some kind of sleeping pills I took the first night to make me snore.
Stay off those false drugs, kids.
The red pill.
Oh, subgeniuses take the red and the blue pill.
And then their pee is purple.
Okay, and what back there?
What's that you do with your throat?
Huh?
The aye-aye-aye-aye.
Oh, the aye-aye-aye-aye.
Well, that's called the subgenius salute.
And we...
Adapted that from Warner Brothers cartoons.
You'll notice whenever, like, say, Wile E. Coyote or Pepe Le Pew or some hapless character runs off the edge of a cliff,
about the moment they realize they're hovering over thin air,
they look down and there's this very brief second where you hear this aye-aye-aye-aye.
That's where that comes from.
Actually, just as a real inside thing,
I think it's called the end-sighted spokesman.
Oh, there it is.
Fuck-tard!
Fuck-tard, he's thinking.
Yeah, these are good.
This goes with a Lonesome Cowboy Dave song called War is Good.
Yeah, what?
You still got your hand up.
Has Bob been moonlighting as Bob the end-sighted spokesman?
Oh, the end-sighted spokesman?
No, that's a false Bob trying to rip us off.
They were raided by the...
The FDA and the Treasury Department last year
and are being pursued for billions of dollars worth of fraud.
But, damn it, the government got their case by reading the end-sighted emails
and now end-sighted has won a case against the government for privacy issues.
So, punishing the false Bob,
he's talking about the commercials for Smiling Bob.
They try to sell you.
These pills that make men last longer.
I'm not sure what that means.
I never did get that.
They don't work and it's a lie
and the Bob doesn't even have a damn pipe!
So, that's why we can't sue him, if that's your question.
But the government's working on that for other sins of theirs.
You can PR wherever you are.
PR, PR, PR.
This is PR.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm hurt.
Seriously hurt.
Ass blown up in downtown Dallas.
President Bush is threatening to kill a second South Korean hostage in Afghanistan,
citing executive privilege.
Kill, kill, kill another South Korean.
Mr. Bush created a special treatment at a squalid Washington hospital.
That's weaker than expected.
On Wall Street, 4722,
President Bush says this is PR.
He says PR News is just a low-end sub-fluke.
A business realtor,
a
PR comes from com.com.
Oh, and praise Leimur for the loan-ger and PR News.
And now, friends, for our internet listeners only,
but also viewable on YouTube,
a truly unique,
unique recording,
Gerald Casale of Devo,
performing at the devotional with the Spud Boys,
greatest Devo recombinational band,
with an excerpt from the song Beautiful World,
as delivered by Jihad Jerry.
Beautiful World for you.
Beautiful World for you.
Beautiful World for you.
Beautiful World for you.
Beautiful World for you.

Beautiful World for you.
Beautiful World for you.
Murray 8 Man Very good.
Can you sing to that?
If another raising your hand is not wrong,
here is a new generation which may find the world wacky.
Do it!
Don't you wish it was a beautiful world?
It's sad.
Because it could be.
If 99% of people weren't big fucking assholes...
See, that's what we like about the evolution.
And that's what I like about everybody here.
Because we know...
We don't know what the fuck is going on.
And that's a good thing!
Because if you just admit it...
We have no fucking idea...
You can relax.
And have a good time.
Because you'll stop looking for answers and start living.
And you won't take a shit in your neighbor's yard.
You'll keep your shit in your own yard.
And you'll have a good time.
It's like...
Just because you're having a party...
You're not going to walk next door and make them have a party.
But that's what the assholes do.
They make you do what they're doing because they're doing it.
And that is fucked up.
Woo!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Don't worry.
Unfortunately, while we'll go down with the rest of them...
Because they'll take a shit everywhere.
And then there'll be nothing but shit.
It will be a beautiful world again someday.
When we're all gone.
And we quit fucking up the planet.
Hey.
We're here to party.
And we do love you.
From Devo, we love you.
And...
It's a beautiful fucking world!
.
For you.
.
For you.

For you.
.
For you.
.
For you.
.
For you.
.
a interviewing bar in music!
But Not Pour Me expect the attitude product


The性 intelligence of the opacity of the date
This is what people eat
No no
Yeah!
Thank you, Jake McMillan.
Give it up for Jerry!
