launch minus 10 10 seconds and counting okay boys let's make this a good one
the world is watching four three two one ignition the subgenius
on july 5th 1998 7 a.m when we all have hangovers
wotan's judgment will take place in the form of what the pre-scripture is called
the advent of the angelic host
car input computers tapes all go
laser beams
lithium cycling normal cryogenic systems go
cathodes at 67 000 volts and steady
time selected set at present
date 5 july 64
counting
5 4 3 2 1
switch on
on
zach hobson july 5th
one
there has been
a
a
malfunction in project flashlight with devastating results
in consecutive years

and that we could not


not
one
having
that
is
of



are offering a contest inTh
response Reference statements to rev stand at least in item next 당
Recording?
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
So, it was a test, as it turns out.
The whole thing, a test.
Another test.
And I might say we passed with flying colors, assembling at the assembly point.
Yeah, we proved once again that we believe anything Bob or each other says.
This is the 20th consecutive time, right?
No, it's the 19th.
Is it?
Shit, I can never count that shit.
I know, you've been saying 20th for a long time.
That would be depressing.
We're on our way down the hill to the stone circle at Wisteria for the fateful meeting.
Because it's 6.30 in the morning, July 5th.
Well.
1998.
1998.
Question mark.
1998.
Somebody.
Well, Bob has been teaching us some sort of a lesson as to not trusting our calendars
or which planet we're actually on.
Andrew the Impaled said he'd done the math and it worked out for him.
Right.
I missed me.
Yeah, but we did the math and it worked out to be 2017.
Or 8661.
There's those missing years I read about.
The old farmer.
The old farmer's almanac all those years ago were the 1700s.
That's what he's talking about.
Okay.
Now, that math worked out to be what?
Well, he claims it worked out so that this year is 1998.
Well, of course it is.
Well, I've got two beers in my pocket if it's not.
Is that a mob up ahead?
Not again.
Not another mob.
Propitiously enough, the honey wagon went by.
Right before the car came out.
The honey dipper man is right.
It won't be in the judgment.
What's he got in there?
In the honey wagon.
Look at those poor wisteria workers up at this hour.
They're up every hour.
They're up all night.
They're up all night.
We're going to greet the saucers.
World ends in a half an hour.
What happened?
The world ends.
Christ, Bob.
One half hour.
Okay.
Yeah.
No.
Sorry.
You're.
Sorry you won't be on the saucers like these.
I guess they weren't convinced by our.
By the week of subgeniuses being.
I guess not.
So as we were trying to leave last night and they had that barrier up.
After evolution control committee, we found ourselves chanting in our best Dan rather voice.
Stopped.
Stopped.
Stopped by rope.
Stopped.
Stopped.
Stopped by rope.
Which reminds me.
You know, we're.
All the honey wagons empty down in Australia.
You wouldn't know that.
So I'll tell you the great dingle barrier.
Reef.
That's how it got there.
Jesus Christ, man.
I don't want to be stuck on a saucer of this.
God.
I do.
Oh, yeah.
For how long?
This could go on for millions of years.
You know, puns like that for millions of years.
That's the nearest thing to perpetual emotion.
Good.
It's strange to drive through a campground and all these cars have Bob bumper stickers on them.
I sure hope we don't let them down.
Oh, look, there's the diehards.
Oh, my God.
There's even a bull horn.
Yeah.
That's what this iron does.
We have this theory that it's possible everyone's gravity has not been in proper alignment.
Everybody's gravity is not in alignment?
That's why the X's haven't been able to find us properly.
And I brought along the tool to fix that.
Everyone's gravity can be aligned in the proper way.
I'm all for that, man.
I am all for that.
All right.
Are you going to bring that down to the...
I'm going to bring it down there, but we're doing it now, too.
We need to prepare.
Prepare your anus.
Well, I think we're going to go on down there and wait in fact.
Okay.
Faith, we have our own gravity realignment devices.
We have a depravity realignment.
Yeah, we have depravity realignment.
We're going to realign our depravity, okay?
Just so you know, gravity is currently reading at 1G.
So set your gravity meter to 1G.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Aren't you worried your gravity strategy will fall down?
1G.
Well, we need to change it to about 0.90.
Well, my name's Greg.
That's 1G.
Well, let's go on down there and...
Okay, we'll see you down there.
We'll see you down there presently.
We're doing our preparations.
Okay.
Yeah, right.
Prepare your anus.
Preparation eight.
We hear you.
We hear you.
Oh, gosh.
That is the thing.
What?
You having trouble getting your dick out the door, you said?
No, no, my dick.
Okay.
Um...
If those people were saying that they were changing their gravity, does that mean they're
getting high?
They've been up all night fucking up their heads.
Fucking up their heads.

Did you forget your pants, Dr. Hal?
No one needs pants in the new world.
That's a good line.
Got all the way up here just to discover the Unite battery on my camera's dead.
Oh.
Well, so will the rest of Earth be in 30 minutes.
And when they hear St. Voldemort shouting there.
Twenty minutes till the world ends and there's only five people standing here.
Although there's about 20 of them up getting real high over there at 8.08.
What are they doing?
Getting ready for bed, probably, if you find that out.
What if they head into the world and nobody came?
And only five people showed up, yeah.
Well, look what a beautiful day for the world.

Not a cloud in the sky.
Crisp, clean air wafting past our nostril hair.
Soon we'll revert it back to its original pure form.
Which is?
A steaming heap of lava and volcanoes.
The whole planet.
No oxygen at all.
And shit and guts and that way it'll be an OFAL thing to happen.
But now.
Operation Clean Sweep.
If the world doesn't end in a few minutes.
In about a week there's going to be a candlelit labyrinth right here.
With two harps serenading you as you walk the labyrinth.
Well, I heard that there are two concentric ones.
There's the labyrinth major and the labyrinth minor.
And everybody's trying to get to the center.
I don't want to be stuck on a spaceship.
I do.
I do.
I do.
You're going to have your own escape vessel, right?
Oh, sure.
I'm claiming other parts of the earth too than you are.
So I don't know what we'll run into each other.
Easter Island I take it, right?
Oh, Easter Island.
You're going to pick up Easter Island.
Oh, man.
A mansion called Meadowbrook Hall.
There's a man who's ready for the rapture.
Abnorm.
The rupture.
He is.
Abnorm Nihil is wearing nothing but a bunch of ties as a loincloth.
And the end of it.
And a tie around his neck and a top hat.
He's tied one on.
Yes.
He's also got a pair of shoes.
He's tied several on.
Well, evidently time and ties wait for no man.
I don't know if I can handle this here.
Another 15 minutes, much less eternity.
I do have a stick if this keeps up.
But Fatsy Tosh has a big stick.
That calls for another one, doesn't it?
He's not speaking softly about it.
Of course he's not.
Tie, yai, yai.
Weren't you wearing the same thing last year?
Huh?
Weren't you wearing the same thing last year?
Yeah.
One of these days it'll work.
That's the first time I've ever seen four and a half.
I started seriously thinking for the first time this time that maybe, maybe the way to make it.
What have we been doing wrong every time?
Having me showing up.
Yeah.
You and me have been here every single time.
That's the one consistent thing.
Dr. Dark has been at every one of these 7 a.m. things and so have I.
Nobody else has.
So that means maybe we should have just stayed in bed.
One of us has got to go.
No, but I say both of us.
On the 20th anniversary, I guarantee you I'll stay in bed.
Oh, we don't have to worry about that, surely.
That 18X day Facebook page.
Well, yeah, we're never going to get there.
That's just silly.
It's crazy stuff.
It's just provocation.
Yeah, it is.
That's the first time I've ever seen a Smegma's tie cord.
That's quite nice.
You know, if a mohel happens by, there'll be bow ties.
Well, I suppose that when the sun hits the field, things will be different.
Yes.
Yeah, it's like Stonehenge at solstice or something.
The sun shines through the trees and lights up the keyhole to the exit.
Oh, no, that was Lord of the Rings.
Oh, well.
The siren that we just heard and all the screaming was more vocalization from a, uh,
uh, Sinfaldimus, perhaps?
Could have been Heathen on the bullhorn.
Uh-huh.
They're circling.
The, what, the buzzards?
That's a good sign.
That's a real good sign.
No, the khan.
The khan is leaving a khan trail.
Oh.
A chem trail up there.
Yeah.
They're spraying us like bugs.
Here he is.
Well, there's six of them.
Six of us now.
Six faithful and a bunch of stoners down there.
Oh, it's been.
Please tell me video of that last night is out there.
Oh, I was in a perfect position to see the destruction of that organ.
I had to, I was pointing a camera at it and yabbering into this thing and realized, oh,
that's going to fall on me in a second.
And just as I stepped back, sure enough, it, so I got this perfect boom like that.
I'm real proud.
Uh oh.
It's just balls in the s-smortish.
Just enters the vein and they're down pushing that.
Holy shit.
Watch out.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Way too intense now.
The, like, rock beats this, uh, giant organ off in the back.
The band won't quit.
I see.
The subgeniuses love the worst band in the whole world.
They'll probably want them back over and over.
Boy, did they ever.
They were great.









dancing up a storm down there.
Next day is not like it used to be.
This is a sad and horrible moment.
There you go.
Four feet back.
Best show ever!
Oh my god, I knew it.
This is exactly what I was afraid of.
Oh, they're eating it up.
Oh, great.
Maybe they were in a fury.
They were dancing in protest.
I think they were just heavily drugged.
They were having a good time.
They really were having a good time.
My worst fear has come true.
Anti-music has come back to the church.
That's all the place used to have.
I hate, I truly hate this moment.
This is the worst X Day ever.
I'm not actually going to choose.
This is the worst X Day ever.
Our CDs are $5 in total.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
I can't believe this has happened under the auspices of the church in the sub-genius.
This august assemblage was never meant for such abuse.
We're the real deal.
We just got picked up by an independent label.
Independent, I bet.
Yeah, I think I know what that means.
Stan, if I had a chance to tear your organ all to bits, I'd probably love you just as much as him.
Oh gee, thanks for saying that, Stacey.
It makes me feel so much better about this horrible spectacle.
This is horrible.
You were dancing to that stuff.
You didn't like it.
You want to make it worse.
You want to make it worse, sir.
You should have done just what I always do with my proctologist, and that's turn the other cheek.
Man, I do not want to be on a saucer with these kinds of puns forever.
I know, it was a nasty crack to make.
I hope we get to Planet X quick.
Planet YECK.
I'm going to Planet YECK.
I'm going to bed in about 15 minutes no matter what.
You're going to meet both.
One way or another, I know one thing, I'll be in bed.
I may be in bed on an escape vessel.
I may be in bed with a big...
A gravitational hammock.
Notice that I have a beer in each pocket, just in case.
I'm not drinking them yet, but I'm prepared for the worst.
Do they open on their own?
Yeah.
You don't need a special opener.
No, Moem is my can opener.
My bottle opener, my beer bottle opener is Moem.
If not, they are twist-off caps.
You know, if you had 22 more, I'd make a case out of it.
The most painful wait for Bob.
Is he going to be the Zap Brannigan to my kiff?
I'm afraid so, dear.
I'll spend the rest of the trip to Planet X going, oh.
Before you keep making those shit noises, you'll be known as the grunting proletarian.
I'm glad you can laugh.
That's so sweet.
Even if that's the only thing you can do.
What are the wind in the branches?
Yeah.
Remarkable lack of suspense.
It's like seven minutes till the absolute end of the planet Earth.
Vinnie, we don't have a siren or something like that.
Shut your asses down here!
I'm not going.

No, I'm not going in here.


No, I'm not going in here.







Wow, that's pretty good.
Who needs a bullhorn?
You have to bull themself.
Don't make me get that bat out again!
Bowsheed!
You know what they call Bruce Wayne's illegitimate children?
Bats-tards.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Yeah, I guess that's...
They decided to make their own stone circle.
Using their heads as the stones.
Stone circle?
They've been doing gravity adjustments all night long.
All week long, let me rephrase that.
It's the best preparation you can make for aliens visiting.
Because the first thing they say is,
take me to your leader.
That's what they mean.
He's so hilarious, every time I've ever seen him
he's got all these new different...
Bongs or bulls, he's handcrafted.
They're going to blame us for being too square and straight.
Hey man, you should have been high like us.
What the hell?
We'd be high up in the sun.
We'd be high up in the sun.
We'd be high up in the sun.



I don't know if you'd go by there to leave,
if we ever did.
Here they come, here comes Miss Susan.
No, I mean it's still you...
Miss Flusson.
The truly faithful.
Stumbling in at the last four minutes.
The subgeniuses, boy.
That shows a certain lack of suspense.
It does.
It looks more like a funeral this time.
We damn near did have the proverbial July 4th blizzard I think.
As cold as it got.
I know it's really weird.
It's almost prophetic.
As Dr. Howell said, we won't need pants in the new world.
Well I'm not wearing any.
If I got fucking snuggy it's cold.
Well we said it was too hot last time right?
Well that's a nice little parade.
You're in trouble. They caught you with my megaphone.
They're telling your mom and dad.
Really it is three minutes.
I'm going to be in bed in ten minutes one way or the other.
Three more minutes of this world.
Alright!
Yeah.
Whatevs.
How's that gravity?
This is it.
How's that gravity you guys?
It really is it's like only two minutes.
Two minutes.
Chases are mine aren't any better.
How many minutes do we want to wait?
It could happen any second.
That's the lesson of course.
Don't throw me in the pond this time y'all.
Bob occasionally teaches us this lesson thing.
But I'm sure this won't be the lesson.
It won't be one of those. God like one minute.
The firewood's closer than the pond so we'll just burn you.
Right.
Thanks a lot.
This is it. This is it.
Again.
This is our moment. This is our time.
Dr. Dark and I have been here every single X day since the first drill in 96.
This is the 19th time we've both been here at 7 AM.
Since 1899.
I'm beginning to think maybe that's what's wrong.
We should have stayed in bed.
Why don't we just turn this into a bunkhouse?
I think it's just about time for the sacred countdown.
I'm looking at my imaginary second hand and I'm whiffing that it's like 10 seconds.
10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Suck them if they can't take a job.
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYA
If they can't take a job, stay!
Why again?
Why?
Why are you looking at me?
All I did was take down the memo, dude.
God, this happens every year. There's always somebody.
It's not me that let you down, dude.
I just took the memo.
Where's Philo? Blame Philo.
Kill the messenger.
Kill the messenger.
Not again.
Pass the killager.
Hey, let's put the messenger in bed. That's a good idea.
Bed the messenger.
Bed the messenger. There you go.
I'm the messenger.
Stan, I sold my children into slavery to be able to afford to come here.
I sympathize. You too.
I figured they only had like a couple of days and it wouldn't have been that bad, you know, so.
Yeah, do you see my children here? No.
I sold them too.
We're all your children, Stan.
Well, it's a good thing I brought these two beers with me.
Not that I was, you know, was in any doubt, but I was going to drink them anyway.
Maybe there's like a Doppler effect where they're not...
You guys didn't adjust your gravity enough.
That was the problem.
Did we over adjust?
That's your fault, man.
I've been trying. I've adjusted people's gravity beyond their expectations.
That's the closest thing to rocket fuel we're going to have for a while, evidently.
Well, no. I also have a pair of model rockets to launch off.
All right!
This way.
They're still home.
Just in case.
How big are they?
They can go 1,200 foot.
Oh. How many people will they take?
How many people will they help?
Distraction.
A couple pieces.
Okay.
How many pieces can you make?
Actually, actually, I have the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer with me.
It's in my van.
We could launch that on one of those rockets.
Absolutely.
We should plan to do that tonight or this evening or something.
All right.
Where we can still find it when it comes down.
Why not?
Yeah.
Yeah, we could have a real head launching with a rocket.
Yeah.
Chaz Smith used to launch heads with rockets.
We launched a whole toy Arnold Palmer on a rocket one time.
I've got an idea.
Like, akin to how we got baptized as a pair, how about we launch the head with two rockets?
Could we do that?
Well, if they go off at the same time.
Otherwise, you're just going to get a lame head launching.
They've got to go at the exact same moment, though.
The head isn't very heavy.
It's not the real head, of course.
It's a replica of a realistic shrunken rubber Palmer head, only about this big.
I would get it out and kick it around now just in spite to beat up some sacred object.
Somebody had a big icon over there.
Let's go burn it down instead of me.
No.
Like I said, happy July 5th, 1997, everyone.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Happy 1997.
Happy 1997.
I'm sorry, Susie.
I'm really sorry.
That was so anticlimactic, I'll probably never have a climax.
No, don't be sure.
You know, there's always next year, said Stang, hopefully.
Bob was way late.
He caught venereal disease from the sequoia of space, Gamera, the flying turtle.
He caught a case of gammera area, and he's at the clinic now.
Well, I'm not sure about that.
Okay, well, don't you think, at least we're not going to be stuck on the spaceship with
that guy.
I was to understand that there would be pleasure saucers.
Yeah, there will be pleasure saucers come July 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m.
Bob sold it, I smoked it, that settles it.
Damn.
But if we screwed up our calendars at some time in the past.
Or the conspiracy, rather, then that's, you know, this is your first time, isn't it?
It's kind of like having your first time.
I'm just a little, I'm a little bit taken for words.
I have grown over 17 butt cheeks now, my friend.

That's what it's going to take.
Get used to disappointment.
Get used to growing butt cheeks.
Oh, you're going to be crazy over your gas if they don't show up.
Don't worry, I'll get your kids back.
What is it?
I'm just a little bit scared.
I'm a little bit scared.
I'm a little bit scared.


You're going to have to learn to accept.
There's always a new guy every year.
There was, no, I came here, I was to understand there would be pleasure saucers.
There will be.
And there will be.
It's just that they'll have pastries on them.
There will be.
Someday.
This but seven, someday.
There will be saucers with pastries on them.
At least that.
There are potential pleasure saucers.
Now I see where you were going with that yesterday, Hal.
You were setting them up for disappointment.
Let's concentrate on the pastries and not on the disappointment.
Your life is a lie.
The Buddha said that everything is pain.
You have to suffer for your faith a little bit.
Yeah, 19 a lucky number or something?
It's legal.
Yeah.
Well, I guess Reverend Pease had the right idea when he started the 18X Day Program.
He still hasn't said if you are
First of all no matter when you go to heaven or to hell to practice that you need to have
the pleasure saucers in a म
Madonna作 fini!
The pleasure suckers.
I'm about to rupture Dr. Dark right now.
Well, do you feel smart as I feel?
I'm sleeping in next year. We'll see if anything different happens.
I'm tempted. I'm real tempted.
That would break the chain, you know, the horrible vicious cycle.
If you and me stayed in bed, Princess Wee, you and Hal could drive.
I can see the sex to sexy cartoon right now.
And there's a mule too.
Well, where's the scrapple? It's morning. It's breakfast time.
If they couldn't beam us up, could they at least beam down some breakfast?
Yeah.
We have something. We're here to do so.
A little tang with the breakfast.
Why don't you and Dr. Dark get married?
I'm crazy. I'm not stupid.
Tangs for the mammaries.
Oh, God.
The horror. The horror.
The puns. That's what I mean.
That's why they call it punishment.
Oh, he sounds like Lurch.
First he sounded like he was taking a hard shit and now...
What are we looking at here, Susie?
A circle of wheelchairs 20 years from now?
Wheeling around.
You're going to be here.
All right, all right, all right.
You know.
All right, all right, all right.
Yeah, all right.
Bam!
Oh, man.
Well, have you thought of an excuse?
Because I don't know shit.
Sure.
We've tried everything.
I can't think of anything left.
I'd say just run.
It's more fun to chase you.
Okay, well, we brought Yakety Sack.
He's got a jack on the boombox.
Oh, God.
Sorry.
No, no, no.
That's all we need.
Yakety Sack plays really loud.
I have to go.
Make a note of that for next year.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Monday morning's coming real soon.
We kind of expected to be all the way past the moon.
But then again, we should have known.
We should have known.
We should have known.
We should have known.
Go away.








Bob won't even throw us a fucking bone.
Now, let's see what is on the schedule for today.
Yes, we're going to check the docs.
I thus say that today is July 5th.
Apparently.
And apparently, not the year nineteen side coronavirus.

Well, let's go back to the conspiracy calendar just for mutual convenience, like synchronizing your watches before going over the edge of the trenches.
Sure. Whatever that means.
Well, it means that if we have a task to do, we all ought to know what time it is or be on the same page, as these crazy kids say.
Well, the next thing up here will be the Ask Dr. Howell show. The Hour of Slack will be preempted by Ask Dr. Howell.
I thought it came after the Hour of Slack.
We have to give them plenty of time to write down their answers and borrow pens.
We need a beautiful, lovely assistant.
Not here yet.
It could be female. That would help with the loveliness.
Maybe.
This is kind of a surprise.
It's sausage fest this morning, isn't it?
We are too early. We need to wait.
Fat Mandy and Rachel Weirdigan are the only females in this room full of monsters.
You can pass those out.
I can donate this one pen, but there are pens scattered around, I'm sure.
We have hardly begun. In fact, we did not begin the Hour of Slack.
We're doing Ask Dr. Howell now?
Well, no. We're giving them time.
Time due. Right there.
To think of the question for Dr. Howell.
Well, there is that.
You need to put a lot of thought into that.
It's true.
Not that any of you look like you're ready for that much effort.
They have to put a lot of thought into it, I suppose.
No, I wouldn't say so.
I'd say just ask any old thing.
It's not up to you to work, but up to me.
There's no such thing as a bad question, supposedly.
Only a bad answer from me, where I let everyone down.
Our side, the team, my country.
My God.
The truth hurts.
Yes, constantly. Unremittingly.
Anyway, friends, I understand why everybody looks like they just woke up.
I'm sure all of you were faithfully down there at the Stone Circle at 7 a.m.
There were so many people, I lost count.
Actually, we counted six.
At first.
At five till seven, only six subgeniuses were at the appointed waiting place.
However, by one minute till seven, the place had suddenly filled up with a bunch of a new stone circle, shall we say,
that came from Reverend 808's camp, where they'd been trying to fight the grip of gravity by changing their own personal gravity.
808 had some sort of gravitron that had moved from one to .999, so it was working.
Improvised.
Improvised.
Improvised.
Improvised.













Improvised.
So when the saucers didn't come, or rather, the rupture didn't happen, they could blame me.
As always happens, as if I was Bob.
The same whiny complaint.
Even my own wife was bitching at me about that.
Well, you and Philo thought it'd be funny.
I don't know why you did that.
You said it'd be funny to make everybody get up at seven.
As if we dictate the schedule for the men from Planet X.
Yeah, you'd make it more comfortable if it were up to you.
Sure.
We would have made it.
You know, there's a nice spring day in the afternoon.
Or the evening in twilight.
If we'd had that sort of...
But we can't decide when the world's going to end.
We can only...
You never know.
Apparently that's the lesson.
Damn it!
Damn it, damn it, damn it!
In fact, I posted a thing at about eight o'clock this morning.
I got on the Scrub Genius forum and just posted the header, well, comma, fuck.
That'll show them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well.
So I guess Reverend Pease was right in starting that 18X Day Facebook page last week.
He must have been inspired with a prophetic vision when we thought he was only skylarking and kibitzing.
And I ask myself, brothers and sisters, why, why, why does Dobbs keep breaking his promise?

Some would say it has to do with the confusion of the calendar.
The Julian and the Gregorian and the dates that have been dropped.
I personally think it's because Bob smoked a bit too much frop.
But then again, maybe we're not good enough.
Maybe we're not slack enough.
Maybe we're not...
Maybe we're not...
ready for the promise that Bob has given to us.
Maybe we have not done something to ensure the saucer's arrival.
So ask yourself, brothers and sisters, what can you do?
What can you do?
What can you do?
What can you do to appease J.R. Bob Dobbs?
Let's just say for one second, brothers and sisters, that maybe the problem is this.
What can you do?



Maybe instead of...

swimming in slack. We're too busy pissing in it. Maybe brothers and sisters there's
a little mistake we've been making. Maybe we thought that slack was for the taking
and not the making.
So here we sit, broken hearted, paid $35 and you know the rest. Wouldn't want to offend

Well, I don't know if you want to make everyone regret attending and going over the usual
procedures that bond us all together as one superior claim.
I'm just going to say that I'm not going to be a sling of devoted subgeniuses.
Well, one thing it does is that as long as we have X Day dangling in front of us like
a carrot, our people are less likely to kill their co-workers and relatives.
They just fantasize about burning the whole place down.
Right. And it's not that we're trying to... Some people go, well, they just give these
murderous subgeniuses an outlet. So they must really be worried.
No, no, no.
That's what we do. We work for the conspiracy.
Also somebody once accused us... The proof that we were really part of the CIA was that
we collect personal information on people like their address.
So we can mail them things.
Well yeah, come to think of it, every magazine and mail order company in the world then must
be working for the... For Obabo and his minions.
Well, that's for history to say.
Thanks, Obabo.
Thanks, Bob.
That's who we can blame.
We did already do that.
At some point, I'd say about 7.15 this morning,
the gathered many were chanting,
Thanks, Obama!
Because that's what you do when anything goes wrong.
That's just an automatic knee-jerk reaction.
Where will he stop?
Now he even prevented the end of the world.
Somebody really ought to do something.
But we've got to go on,
make the best of what we've got,
and see if out of those ashes we can rise again,
phoenix-like, into a new dominion
and make our own last days before rupture
the best of those days.
Well, that would be easier if I had a prescription for some Vim.
Or did I mention, I've been begging for Vim this whole week.
If anybody has an extra Vim, a capsule,
syrup, I don't care.
I've got the vigor, but I'm lacking Vim these days.
But have you paid the vigorish?
That's the difficulty.
How about instead of a very enthusiastic killstang chant,
like a very unenthusiastic killstang.
Killstang.
Killstang.
I'm a killstang.
Can we still get to killstang?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Please don't kill me.
It's not my fault.
I'm not Bob.
Right.
The exes told Bob what time it was.
I went to ex day and all I got was this hour of slack recording.
Thanks, Bob.
Thanks, Bob-o.
Or something similar.
Thanks, Obama.
Thanks, Obama.
Thanks, Obama.
Thanks, Bob.
As the Russians say,
God is in heaven.
And Bob is far, far away.
That's in English.
That's not Russian.
Well, they just speak American over there.
No, he means he was hurrying through it.
He was rushing through it.
Well, I say we all go to our respective hovels, sleeping bags, tents, mud puddles.
Not after a week.
And meditate.
And, uh,
Where is it?
Pray.
Pray.
This is the tiny communal sleeping bag you're talking about.
Your tent.
You are providing this...
No, your tent.
Your tent.
That's the communal sleeping bag.
That's a good idea.
I thought it was a dump truck with one of those sheets that rolls over the top.
Wasn't the honey dipper man just a minute ago?
Maybe we catch a ride with him.
He's probably got a cooler place to go.
You're a real honey dipper.
That's a building.
That's a building.
That's a building.






Well, we're going to waddle back on up the hill, I guess.
Thanks for showing up and keeping up the FIB.
I hope the monster of Wisteria doesn't kill us all before.
Really?
That's it?
Yeah, I'm afraid that's it.
But join us later on tonight when we'll burn the effigy of Bob.
Hey, Hal, this means we have to do a show at 3 o'clock.
What does?
The fact that the world did not end.
They said not in this country, boy.
Oh, man.
Use a fork like any decent American, why don't you?
We don't take to Swisland in this part of the country.
We are in the land of Bob and I know what's right for me.
I'm going to stir my coffee with a fork and I'll drink it here today.
When you come to a fork in the road,
take it.
Take a fork for the USA.
Now that's different.
America, fork, yeah.
Come on again to say the motherfucking day, yeah.
A spontaneous musical recitation by Reverend Ivan State.
We may be lucky enough to hear Princess Ray sing that later.
Oh, yeah, there's going to be great musical stuff tonight.
If it all goes according to plan, there will be some historic performances,
long.
Remembered, which we should certainly endeavor to record.
Although there's something to be said for just being there at the time and listening to it.
Be a part of this happy company, this special band, this breed.
Merry pack of fools waiting for the aliens.
My goodness, what a noisy laboring engine.
Someone's surely having motor difficulties there.
After a year.
Well, they didn't think they were going to need it today.
They thought they were going to be on their pleasure dome, so they drove their...
All right, twist the knife in the wound.
Be that way.
So now they're back in their old internal combustion energy, inefficient gas guzzling.
Melted dinosaur consuming.
The saddest part of the whole thing is the discordians will just be able to laugh at us again.
Well, their job is easy.
And the fine spaghetti monster cultists.
Ours is hard.
Those simps, wimps, and gimps.
They don't...
Oh, ha ha.
Our god's bigger than your god.
They're just reactionaries.
A bunch of people idled by history in some tidal backpool.
Yes, although discordian thought does in some sense inform subgenius doctrine,
we consider ourselves to have leapfrogged and bounded far away from their dismal swamp of defeatism.
I don't really know anything about the discordians.
Are they hot?
Well, some might be, but usually not.
Not for long.
They don't make much of an effort to do anything.
Like many big mammals, they're not hot for that long.
Yes, you can.
That's why I modified my original statement about discordians.
As you know, they follow the goddess Eris, who threw the golden apple of discord into the convocation of the gods on Mount Olympus.
Precipitating the Trojan War.
Because the apple of discord is inscribed for the fairest.
And everyone tries to be the fairest.
And that, of course, was the cause of the Trojan War, if not all wars and conflicts.
All is vanity.
All is vanity.
It became the province of an illiterate sheep herder to judge between the goddesses Athena, Juno, and Aphrodite.
And, of course, he chose Aphrodite as who wouldn't.
And thus, it all happened.
The death of Priam, Ajax, all those guys.
Far on the ringing plains of windy Troy.
Dr. Howe probably, well, this is typical.
A subgenius knows more about discordianism than the average discordian does.
Yes, Canadians know more about who the U.S. president is than people in the U.S. know who the president is.
Although subgenius can probably answer this question.
People in the U.S. know who the president is.

The president of Canada.
The average American Christian.
If you ask them, who are the four authors of the New Testament, they'll kind of scratch their heads and go, well, it don't matter.
They've been saying the phrase Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John their whole lives.
But when you ask them the question, who are the authors of the New Testament, it doesn't connect.
There's no connection there at all.
So, they've learned in idolatry.
Idolatrous rote learning without considering what they're attempting to import to their hard drives.
If you can say they have learned at all.
My father, Pappy Stang, is going to get up tomorrow morning and preach at the Methodist church in Stangville.
Actually, he doesn't so much preach.
He teaches Bible history.
Because despite being what most people would call an atheist, he knows more about the Bible than most preachers.
And he delights.
He delights in finding the really scary and contradictory parts.
Like when the bear tears up, attacks a bunch of children simply because they made fun of an old man's bald pate.
Yes.
And she-bear.
They were ripped into quivering shreds in the book of Elijah.
These smart-alecky kids.
That's the kind of thing my dad likes to bring up.
Yeah.
And point out that, you know, if we were to hew directly the Bible.
That's a pun there.
If we were to hew.
Directly the Bible teachings.
Why every time somebody picked up trash on the Sabbath, you'd have to stone them to death with cinder blocks for picking up sticks on the Sabbath.
And then you have to decide, well, which is the Sabbath, Saturday or Sunday?
So this is the kind of thing.
Some folks say it's Sunday.
And the Lord smote the armies of Sennacherib.
And the Israelites killed the Midianites.
Men, women, and children because of one that pisseth against the wall.
This is the kind of things that make Pappy Stang hated and feared in Stangsville, Texas.
Pardon me.
There's a family tradition to keep up.
Folks say not to go near the castle when they're in the neighborhood.
There's a long line of atheistical preaching in my family.
I learned only a few years ago that almost all of my...
Maternal grand... or pater... both sides.
Maternal and paternal.
Grandfathers, great-grandfathers were all preachers.
Until they started to morph into lawyers at a certain point.
Because in my bloodline, we have Methodist circuit riders in the 19th century.
Oh, Methodists also.
Yes, curious.
Brother Stang, yes.
Let's go burn down the Baptist church.
That's the first thing...
That'll teach those blasphemers, scoffers, and mockers.
Then we'll get around to the Taliban.
The Moslem.
The Islamic and the sub-Gemuses.
We'll snap those Talibans in the locker room.
But that only when we can get to it.
Because first things first.
Yeah, first... what was the first thing?
Oh, slack, that's right.
I like that one.
Slack.
That's the one for me.
Slack is the luminous cloud.
Slack is the soft voice.
We in ourselves rejoice.
Slack.
Slack is like a lovely, hard piece of candy where you can't reach it in the morning.
As it's stuck behind your back teeth.
I lost a tooth last night.
That's how gorgeous I lost a tooth.
While you were singing?
No, while I was enjoying the performance of Trademark Evolutionary Control Committee.
I'd gnashed my teeth so hard during that terrible band.
That pristine...
That went after it.
There was a wailing of gnashing and gnashing of teeth.
I've gnashed my teeth so bad.
But everybody loved that band.
They were dancing in delight.
That is bad.
They really had a party.
Fucked up.
In case anybody wondered if I was saying it was very fucked up.
That's how fucked up it is.
All right.
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
Very.
Most fucked up.
That band last night was so bad that it broke my recorder.
When they started the card in there, quit recording.
That was a King Usnevich and his Usnevich Tones tribute band.
That's to be expected.
I loved it.
I didn't understand a word you just said.
King Usnevich and his Usnevich.
King Usnevich and his Usnevich Tones.
That's a band?
Yeah, they're the ones that originally did Yuck Em, Yuck Em.
They were doing covers.
Oh, okay.
The most fabulous shit band.
You would know.
Ever.
Yes.
Norton put out three albums with extensive, like, microscopic liner notes.
And I played all the time on my show before I found out it was a hoax.
Oh, my God.
Cope Coda of Brownsville Station.
Smoking in the...
The boys' room.
Managed to...
It was a fake bad band.
Yeah.
Those guys last night, if they were faking it, they were experts.
Man.
Actually, you know what?
They were.
Yeah.
They rehearsed how to play that badly.
It drove them crazy because there were times that it would only come out mediocre.
And they're like, we're doing it wrong.
Yeah, it's like, yeah, it's got to be worse.
We've got to make this worse.
If you know what the structure is...
Oh, man.
I know it can.
Quality organ playing.
Oh, God.
We have to work on it.
It's harder to be intentionally bad because as soon as it's funny, you're not doing it right.
Yeah.
Like, because then it's not bad anymore.
It's good because it's funny.
That describes this whole church.
It should be, like, intentionally bad.
Conscientiously, convictionally bad.
King Yusnevich and his Yusnevich tone's bad.
You have to find out how you play when you initiate.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can rationalize it.
It's suck.
It's suck.
This is the suckiest thing that ever happened at any X-Day ever.
Really?
This is the suckiest, most horrible moment of any X-Day.
I don't know.
It's history-making in its suckiness.
There was that one year I was on Spanish fly.
Good Lord.
Lost another three-root moment.
That's pretty serious.
I would have expected that to happen if you hit certain high notes.
Your teeth might...
...shatter.
...failingly dental-
Perhaps.
...conditioned.
Dr. Dark was asking if that's how I cleaned the bathtub by singing high.
In fact, I have many dental things wrong.
But he took me up to his trailer yesterday, actually.
Hey, I have a quote about your husband.
My husband's adorable.
This originally, yes.
Tommy Amoeba.
This is like a Bob quote.
Tommy Amoeba is the bridge, the gate, or the Bob between Devo and Elvis.
Aww.
How about that?
You like that?
There's a blurb you can put on your album.
Tommy Amoeba is the bridge, the gate, or Bob between Devo and Elvis.
For is he not the gatekeeper?
Right, right.
It's available online.
He doesn't have any copies yet because they're not coming until next week.
Yeah.
It's not the Discordians.
You can get them on the website.
He got a new album.
Yes.
Look him up on the website.
Who will stop the rain?
Only Tommy Amoeba can stop the rain.
Who will stop the rain?
Who will stop the rain?
There you go.
More feedback.
Best show ever!

Play TV.
Go!
Play TV.
Go!
Go!
We're getting more people here to listen to the Hour of Slack than perhaps to play the
Ask Dr. Hal show, then to see the Bobby Awards, the coverage of Bobby Awards ceremony, the
Bulldada auction of the Treasures of Time will take place right here.
And finally, the Costume Ball, where displayed like the gods and heroes of old, the subgeniuses
in their prime will show what they've got.
All right here under this roof of Caffeina's.
So we have plenty to do.
A mighty work.
We must roll up our sleeves, gird up our loins for the struggle.
Always very good.

I admired the way subgenius can generally speaking gird their loins in an attractive
manner.
You were up in the morning.
Give me ideas, Phil.
Or were you?
No, you missed it.
I tried.
I depended on a fake device, my phone.
I'll just shade his name here from the record.
He girded his loins in neckties.
He wore a loincloth of neckties and a top hat.
He was very stylish.
He's taking a stab at the pink boys.
To meet the exes.
Of course, no one figured out it would be so cold.
By wearing their nooses as a style.

He was a very good judge at that time.
With the mist rising from the ground.
Dancing around his penis there.
With the dew on his brow.
Dewy brow.
And the rust on his mane.
And his loins girded in the nooses of the pink boys.
That was Reverend Abnorm Nihill who invented that.
Okay, well then his name shall not be shaded.
That fashion.
No, no, that's an idea that people will probably be copying for years to come.
I guess.
I got much criticism for not wearing pants.
Why?
But as I pointed out, we aren't going to wear pants in the new world.
I don't know why.

Anyway.
Unfortunately, we seem to have to wait another year before we can take our pants off for
the new world.
And dance around with our pants on our heads.
Heck darn it.
Heck fire it.
Into thy hands I give my spirit.
Did she just say Brahma's day?
Did somebody just say Brahma's day?
Ask yourself, brothers and sisters, how do you acquire your slack?
Are you making your own slack or are you taking slack away from your fellow subgeniuses, brothers
and sisters?
Because you're not.





Because if you have read your subgenius pamphlet, if you have read Revelation X, if you have
read the book of the subgenius, you would know.
You would know that the subgenius must have slack.
Let me repeat that a second time.
Just in case you didn't catch it.
The subgenius must have slack.
What is the time?
I can't see it from here.
It's the end of this hour of slack.
It is the end of this hour of slack.
Friends, if you'd like more information about the Church of the Subgenius, the hour
of slack, or anything we've played on this show, you're welcome to look at subgenius.com.
For all the good it'll do you.
Yeah, right.
Or you can write to post office box 181-417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 44118.
Thank you.
Your complaints are important to us.
Please leave your name, number, and a brief message at the sound of the tone.
Unfortunately, due to high volume load of processing your complaints, we are not immediately
able to process them unless you ease the way with a sizable emoji.
We need to have practical clarification.
Please do not getaroo overrun with content minutebolt collectively台 vanity or
supplement with all the information within this subgenius.
Any uncorrect connected audio is상이ñpulsitif formalism al hu aosri sharashiud Że
Lor Mrs frustration lel
Be nice.
There you are again.
The��
idly by in your car, your living room, your bedroom, your stateroom, your panic room,
and just listen.
This shit ain't free, folks.
So how about you just skip that tall, half-skinny, half-one-percent extra hot shot split quad
shot latte with whip?
Or maybe just skip that lunch date with the cutie from the typing pool.
After all, it's only going to lead to heartbreak.
And spend that money now, right now, on something that will never give you up, and will never
let you down, and will never run around and desert you.
Because this station will never make you cry, they will never say goodbye, and they will
never tell a lie and hurt you.
So call the WCSB Cleveland Pledge Line, 216-687-6900.
That number, once again, is 216-687-6900.
With your donations now.
Credit card pledges may be made online at WCSB.org.
This plea for cash has been brought to you by the Self Genius Hour of Sweep.
Ah, yes, and thanks to Reverend Suds Pasha for that WCSB pledge drive promo.
That pledge number, 216-687-690.
We'll be good through November 16th.
And after that, well, there's a donation to the church and Hour of Slack, per se.
A special button for that, right on the front page of Subgenius.com.
And I don't think the name of the deliberately terrible band was mentioned in the recordings.
They are the Arm-Negi Front from Athens, Ohio.
When I tried to Google them, all that came up were names.

Or logs of past hours of Slack.
Anyway, that's Arm-Negi Front.
A-R-M-N-E-J-I for future reference.
See you in the war.
Hey, bye.
