The
from PR News in Washington. I'm speaking out to stifle free speech.
As a result, President Trump says I'm a very good person. Chemical plants release chemicals for
human health, sending plumes of chemicals into nearby neighborhoods. Many chemicals were not
designed for such heavy PR news. The Dow is 32, 71, 25, 11, 77, 95, 5, 122, 3, 528,
200,000, 10, 46. Speaking to reporters, President Trump says PR news is sad.
Trump called PR news a very sad news last year. President Trump says PR news is in Washington.
Friends, we are here and I'm putting together this, I have put together an hour slack that's
largely composed of, well, part of it is WCSB shows from the last week.
Yes.
Talk shows about Starwood.
Our friends from Ace and Starwood were talking to Sustainable Love Corporation show last week.
So there's some great stuff about Starwood, which I edited quite a bit.
And there's also Dr. Sinister had the legendary 100,000 Leagues Under My Nutsack guy.
In the studio.
Yes.
Princess Lee and I have been seeing those stickers around town for why I don't know how long.
.

.







.
.
.
.


.

.












































.
.
.
.

























We don't like you and we want you to know.
Please don't be here at the end of our show.
.
.
.
.
.

.





Forever you'll know that we're really down like you
No, we're really down like you
No, we're down
No, we're down
We're down like you and we want you to die
Can't you tell by that gleam in our eye
Oh, by the way, forever you'll cry
Because we really down like you
No, we're really down like you
No, we're down
No, we're down
We're down like you
No, we're really never like you
No, we're really down like you
And we never will
And we never will
And we never will
We don't like you
We don't like you
Don't like you
No, we don't
We don't like you
We don't like you
We don't like you
We don't like you
Don't like you


No, we don't
We don't
Don't like you
No, we don't
We don't
No, we don't
No, we don't
Don't like you
Don't like you
No.
Don't like you
No, we don't
We're starting the talk show a little early tonight because why not?
I'm your host, Dr. Sinister, and this is Synesthesia.
And with me in the studio tonight is my very special guest, Dr. Max Arborezium.
Yeah, you know it, Dr. Sinister.
You know it. You've been listening to some of his music for the last few minutes if you've been tuned in.
And you may recognize him from such projects as, well, what else have you been party to?
Well, lately I've been doing a little dibbling and dabbling and a whole bunch of different projects.
But not dribbling or droodling.
Actually, I did one droodle and four deneedlefulcation nibbles.
And in December you do the dreidling.
Sometimes I do have a solid chrome dreidel that was given to me from a friend of mine
who knew that I needed the special kind of dreidel because of the kind of things I'm into.
And then, of course...
You have probably seen stickers around town if you've really been paying attention.
And it might be one of the best kept secrets of this city here.
But this is the real thing and we have, dare I say, the evil mastermind behind it all in the studio with us tonight.
Yeah, you know it.
We are talking about...
How would you... If you were trying to announce... If you were an announcer,
or if you had an announcer before your band came on stage,
announce...
Say the name of this band here exactly the way you would want it to be announced.
Well, originally it was said in ancient Arabic.
And I personally do not know Arabic anymore since I had that accident.
And I had a special surgery that completely got rid of me thinking about speaking in any other language
other than Cleveland Ebonics, yo.
So what's up with that?
But if I was a radio announcer, I would say...
Up next on stage...
Is the incredible stylish music of 100,000...
League's Under My Nutsack !!
Things which must shortly take place...
Blessed is he who reads and those who hear the words of this prophecy...
And from the seven Spirits who are here today...

You are before his throne, the firstborn from the dead, kings and priests to behold.
He is coming with clouds.
I am the Alpha and the Omega, the beginning and the end.
And his eyes like a flame of fire.
These things says he who holds the seven stars in his right hand, and I found them liars.
To him who overcomes, I will give to eat from the tree of life where you dwell, where Satan's throne is, where Satan dwells.
Satan will be released from his prison.
Like a flame of fire, I will come upon you as a thief, and you will not know what power I will come upon you, he who has an ear.
To test those who dwell on the earth, you are wretched, miserable, poor, blind.
End.
Naked.
And from the throne proceeded lightning, thundering, and voices.
And in the midst of the throne and around the throne were four living creatures full of eyes, in front and in back, written on their foreheads.
Having seven horns and seven eyes, fallen from heaven to the earth.
For their tails are like serpents, having heads, demons and idols.
And they have the wings of gold, which can neither see nor hear nor walk.
Fire proceeds from their mouth and devours their enemies.
And great fear fell on those who saw them.
And for the devil has come down to you, written on their foreheads.
And power was given to him to scorch men with fire.
And his kingdom became full of darkness.
And they gnawed at their tongues because of the pain.
For there are spirits of demons performing signs of the getting.
It is dawn.
Having in her hand a golden cup full of abominations, the filthiness of her fornication, drunk with the wine of her fornication, eat her flesh and burn her with fire.
For no one by her hand can be saved.


And after carriers and archmachenes haveες all the guts to die.
Who sandwich their flesh and sẽ azàzâcëaa the flesh of their men and begin a work of life.
mudduī Trade is in progress.
Dedicated painful acts ofmek
So they the the title of the records nuts teacher ilizy.
Yes.
A Qabit playing the mug there the�ak.
which is part of the name of the band
and then there's religious
which is a whole thing that has to do with religion
but when you put nutsack and religious
together there's this little play
of sack religious even though there's
nothing religious about the record
as a matter of fact I think that
the people as they're called
they even coined a term for that sort of thing
it's called a portmanteau
oh I love that kind of cheese
yes it is great
spread over water crackers and with
some figs
why do water crackers not taste like water
I've always been concerned about that
well the reason I think
has to go back to the fact that
if you got stuck on a ration
of nothing but bread and water as penance
I think they were actually giving you just water crackers
so you didn't get water
or maybe they just go well with water
I don't know
my concern is that we do not have enough
baby skin scented candles in the
stores around Cleveland
well you know baby skin
is one thing but
baby fat is really best for making candles
well I think that's illegal though
I'm pretty sure that's illegal there doctor
well you know back in the
during the burning times
during the witch hunt scare
women were accused of
witchcraft and one of the things they were accused of doing
is making an ointment
from the rendered fat of
unbaptized babies
that they would smear all over their naked bodies
so they could fly
story of my life
alright so fast forward a couple hundred years though
and then the more you do that the more you get
it back
and then the Mormons come along and they developed this sacrament called baptism of the dead
so what happens if a witch is flying
with that ointment made from the rendered fat of unbaptized babies
and a Mormon
church elder baptizes that dead baby
does the witch fall from the sky
um apparently she flies over to my house
which is located at
beep beep beep beep beep
yeah
so you know
anytime a witch falls from the sky
and uh
just happens to land right on your face
right in your home, that's a blessing from the gods for sure.
That could be my next song.
First of all, we're bombarded with messages and sounds and information.
This is kind of what we hear.
The problem is, it doesn't work.
And so reinforcing that, it's inevitable.
I mean, what's the point?
It's a point.
It's a point.
It's a point.
It's a point.
I believe in the power of the album.
I do believe it's coming back.
And I wanted to make one little statement.
Yeah, I don't fuck with nobody.
Like, at all.
Nobody.
So, it's very simple.
I stay at my house and...
And, yeah, let's do something like this.
First, we're going to have to turn our tempo way down.
So, we're going to have to turn our tempo way down.
Our breathing is slower and deeper.
Our breathing is slower and deeper.
It is important to note that...
D is for dumbness and despair and desertion.
And that is one of the biggest strongholds of all.
Take a listen to this.
What is it that you can't begin to achieve
so that you may be, in fact,
able to do this?
We gotta do something about this problem.
I don't get you.
We don't have a problem with that, okay?
No one knows what it's like
to be the bad man.
What do you think about the new band?
Well, it doesn't matter what I think.
I kind of have to tip my hat to any entity
that could bring so much integrity to evil.
I mean, imagine.
It's a seemingly voluntary, privatized gulag
that just managed to eliminate the meddling middlemen
of public accountability and free will
and wrap it up in a little bow
and give it to the public like a gift.
I mean, come on.
This is...
Whoosh!
Rrrrrrp!
This is awe-inspiring stuff.
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Rrrrrp!
Ok, that's it.
That's it.
Cheers, glasses.




We'll see you next time.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Yeah, pick up the pace now, come on
Yeah
Just feel like that type shit
Make things go get the keys to your whip, whip
And just bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
But um, see, you know how boys stereotypically
Kick flows for ya, kick down doors for ya
Even left all my motherfucking hoes for ya
And therefore these marginalized groups
Who are being destroyed
Should organize to defend themselves
Instead of just watching passively
I noticed you had what it took just now
Hmph, I guess he proved that, didn't he?
How can these people fight each other
And still carry on their mission?
All of my niggas, all of my bitches
Give you something and it split you up
And leave you in stitches
Looking pathetic
I hit y'all niggas with the kinetic
Make you respect it
And beat you in the head till you get it
We suffer
When we
When the temple is destroyed
We rejoice
When the temple is healed
It's really about us
Create a strong impression on the owner's mind
This is a customer keeping program
Pieces of time
Lost in this treason
No rhyme
No reason
Everything's for sale
Everything is for sale
Consumed by life
One day at a time
One foot in front of the other
Time
Time to sell your soul
Don't sell your soul
The oath has been broken
Losing in sequence they fold
And now they're all empty
And rupture the question of its own
What have we become?
Time to sell your soul
Time to sell your soul


What have we become?
Time to sell your soul
The wound is now open
The routine is over we know
Pleasure from the seeker as he grows old
Pleasure from the seeker as he grows old
Pleasure from the seeker as he grows old
Everything's for sale
Everything's for sale
Everything's for sale
Everything is for sale
Time to sell your own soul
Time to sell your own soul
Time to sell your own soul
Time to sell your own soul
Time to sell your own soul
Time to sell your own soul
Time to sell your own soul
Time to sell your own soul
are mostly notes, frequency, frequency manipulation, sound exploration, black hole cavity research,
and also yacht rock.
Oh, the yacht rock.
With a little sprinkle of Michael Jackson and a little sprinkle of Slayer.
Can I tell you what your music reminds me of?
Does it remind you of remembering what it reminded you of?
You're getting pretty meta there.
Well, to me, it sounds like a combination of Jethro Tull,
Have you ever met Jethro Tull?
He's a really nice guy.
Well, considering that he lived in the 18th century, no, I can't say I have.
Well, some of us have lived in the 18th century, and some of us have lived in the 14th century.
I mean, it's not that hard, dude.
You just got to save up your money.
I mean, like, what could have been beer money for one night?
You just save that up one night a week over the course of a couple of years,
and you, too, can go back to the 18th.
Why would you send the band U2 back to the 18th century?
That's really weird, Dr. Sinister.
Well, that way I wouldn't have to listen to them today.
Well, that's fair enough.
Fair enough.
No, that's...
I don't know.
I would like to tell you, your music reminds me of a combination of Billy Bob Thornton,
Kevin Bacon, and Wang Chung.
You take that back.
Okay, I will take it back.
It's taken back.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for caller number one.
You did a great job, and I'm a big fan of your work.
That's it.
Taps was created to honor his men following the Seven Days Battle
as they camped right here at Harrison's Landing near the Berkeley Plantation.
That's it.
Taps was made an official bugle call after the war.
That's it.
Just in order to prove our freedom from J.R. Bob Dogg,
the first law of the Church of the Subgenius is, of course,
and you will repeat after me,
the subgenius must...
have...
flat.
What must the subgenius have?
Flat.
What must he have?
Flat.
That's right.
The second law of the subgenius commandments is...
So talk about the Church of the Subgenius.
We're about to...
In Starwood.
Oh.
Oh, you mean us.
Right.
Oh, well.
Ivan Stang came to Starwood.
Oh, God, it has to be 15, 20 years ago for the first time.
1990, 91, something like that.
Right, yeah.
And he's been with us ever since,
teaching us how to pull the wool over our own eyes,
which is probably...
He's probably one of our best speakers,
a really funny guy.
He's got his joke disguised as a religion,
or religion disguised as a joke,
depending on how you look at it.
And...
Right, immediately before Starwood,
there's X-Day, the celebration of the end of the world,
which happened in when?
Well, supposedly 1998 was the original scheduled date.
1998, but they think they may have gotten the date reversed.
So the message from Bob Dobbs was less clear today
than it was in 1998.
I was actually there that year, waiting for them to come,
and I was very disappointed that they didn't,
but I look forward to when they get here.
Well, legend has it that they have,
have already, that they have come,
or that they will come,
but we're not really sure what the whole...
Who's they?
What the whole...
The X's, of course.
The X's, the saucers.
The, you know, the people that are coming.
Oh, I'm so glad I never heard of that.
I don't want any of those people to take me away.
Oh.
Maybe I do, I don't know.
Maybe you do, right?
You don't want to go to the pleasure plant?
Have you seen one yet?
So I would say, is there any...
I mean, as approachable as anyone is at...
an open festival, Starwood, like,
if I were to see any of these
distinguished guests and community members,
it's not that easy to want to be like,
you're so-and-so.
You know, you get that...
Do people get fan, fan, fanboyed, fangirled a lot here?
I don't see a whole lot of that myself.
There's a lot of people at Starwood that really,
I think, see, you know, the people who present
and the people who attend.
They largely, I think, see everyone else as equals,
more or less, I feel.
I think part of the beauty of Starwood
is that you don't get a lot of that
because people don't feel the need to do that.
You don't have to walk up to Oberon Zell and say,
wow, you're Oberon Zell.
All you really have to do is walk up and say,
hey, man, I liked your lecture.
I liked what you said.
I saw your book.
Nice unicorn.
You know.
Although he likes it when you say,
oh, you're Oberon Zell.
Do you know?
Do you know who that is?
I don't know anyone.
So Oberon Zell, you look at him,
and he looks like a wizard.
He's one of those guys.
And in fact, I guess he is.
He is, in fact, a wizard.
He is, in fact, a wizard.
Founder of the Church of All Worlds.
So he's from the sci-fi,
neo-pagan kind of tradition.
And he's one of those elders
that you could actually just walk up to,
and say, oh, you're the legendary Oberon Zell.
I mean, what guidance do you have for me?
And Oberon's a cool guy.
Yeah, he does get a kick out of that.
He likes fanboys and fangirls, yes.
And I think we might have another somewhat wizard of sorts.
I think Helen's trying to figure out how to work.
Can you do it?
No, it doesn't sound good.
I think I hear a dial tone, so we'll try again.
I think what first,
what first attracted us to the Church of the Subgenius
was that it was the only church we found
that offers you a triple your money back guarantee,
eternal salvation or triple your money back.
And I think when a religion actually stands behind its product
like none of the others do,
you have to pay some attention.
Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, I don't want to hear that.
Actually, that's putting me in the kind of a zone.
I kind of like that.
Hypnosis.
Hypnosis.
The thing that I really like about the whole Starwood subgenius crossover
is this idea of that's where counterculture and science meets.
It's like the most intelligent humor there is out there.
It's subversive yet progressive.
And how it manages to do that in one step is remarkable.
These images that demand that you respond to them,
these things that you can't quite take,
hell, if they're picking fun at you
or really sharing some sacred knowledge with you.
And then when you combine that kind of atmosphere
with things like nightly fires and fire spinners
and the whole ritual and culture of fire
and spirit worship and rhythm
and the community sitting around the fire
and watching each other,
you can actually see the power of that.


how they can do new skills and perform in new ways.
It's just, you just end up with this unique transformative experience.
And people come to Starwood, walk away with new skills
and walk away with a resolution to learn new skills
and to be more than they were when they arrived.
And there's a peaceful connection between the people there,
where people learn to accept each other and not just go,


and not make judgments so much as make friends.
And where there normally wouldn't be a peaceful connection
out in the real world.
Yes, absolutely.
I find myself making some judgments.
For the sake or off sake?
No, just like for me.
But we don't judge him for that.
Yeah, I don't feel judged for making judgments.
That's true, but it's where boundaries are.
Like my personal boundaries get challenged there.
So I need to exercise judgment.
That's true. So I need to exercise judgment.



That's true. So I need to exercise judgment.

I need to exercise judgment in a different way.
And it's like, hey, this is okay for you.
There's always somebody that's more strange than me there.
So I feel like-
And we welcome them.
Yes.
And who out there doesn't like to know what happens in the Pufferdome?
There we go.
I mean, you hear that word Pufferdome and you're like,
what kind of a place is that?
What kind of a place is the Pufferdome?
I want to see what's happening over there.
That's a unique structure.
That's awesome.
The Pufferdome is our own.
I'm going to go with the radio with the Reverend Stangman.
I need to have him to tell us a little something.
All right.
We interrupt that thought.
We interrupt that thought.
Now interrupt the Pufferdome.
He's going to interrupt.
Am I talking over your cell phone into a microphone?
Yes.
Potentially.
Yes, you are.
Potentially.
That's how the way it looks in cowboy days, Doug.
Look, sometimes-
That's okay.
The problem with this system is drill holes.










It's so hard to understand anything you guys say.
Perfect.
But I can tell you this much.
I've been to almost every single Starwood since 1990.
And the first time I went, I was very suspicious.
I thought, is this a trap?
Is this an ambush?
Because I was mostly famous for making fun of woo-woo, new age type stuff, and even directly
mocked a person.










to nice Wiccans and Druids.
I've been mocked by you.
I thought they were setting me up.
They were going to chop me.
But a friend of mine said,
well guess what, I've been there.
You should keep an open mind.
It may be not quite what you expect.
And long story short,
I ended up not only coming back to Starwood
every chance I could possibly get,
but I married one of the people who's now one of the co-founders.
And now the Church of the Subgenius is literally
married to Starwood.
Lisa, let the court.
So that's terrifying.
Miscegenation of the highest order.
But it is high order.
There's been a lot of pride.
Excellent.
Thank you for suffering through this brutal technology.
Will we see the Church of the Subgenius
at Starwood this year?
Well, no.
You won't see the whole thing.
But you'll see several of us.
You won't be able to not hear us
because we're really loud.
I'll be giving my annual sermon.
It's not the only big sermon I do anymore in public.
I don't do many live shows.
But I would never miss Starwood.
They're a very strangely polite audience.
They actually seem to listen unlike the Subgeniuses.
Dr. Hal Robbins will be there.
He's a well-known illustrator and raconteur from San Francisco
who has been doing Subgenius radio in San Francisco
for 40 years now.
John Shirley is a science fiction author.
He's written zillions of really cool sci-fi and horror books.
He's going to be a speaker there,
but not talking about sci-fi and horror, I think.
I've asked Pat Mandee, the singer.
He's almost always at X Day, too.
So the gang will be all there.
Excellent.
I can't wait to meet Vermin and the preen.
That'll be the two.
And collect on your pony, or do you already have several?
If I get a free pony, you can have mine.
Oh, thank you. That's very generous.
They're harder to take care of than most people know.
I've had to clean up after ponies.
Let me put it this way.
For $2 an hour, I had to clean horse stables,
like Hercules.
You can have my pony.
I can't even handle another dog.
Anyway, I should get off and let you guys talk.
You're wonderful.
Greetings to Lisa Lefcourt.
And we'll see you in July.
Have a fantastic day. Bye-bye.
You can't really talk about Starwood
without talking about some of the venues there,
because that's one of the things that makes it an incredible event.
We have, of course, our traditional main stage
that Regis runs so well,
with the light and sound that you would expect at a main stage.
We have the Caffeinas Coffee Shop,
which is a coffee shop-type stage.
We have the Green Man Tavern,
which is another traditional stage.
But we also have non-traditional venues
that we started to mention before.
The Puffer Dome, the Propane Dance Floor, the Didge Dome.
The Puffer Dome itself is a structure that I have not seen anywhere,
it's something, it was my personal vision.
It's a 40-foot wide, 20-foot high inflatable dance club.
It's an old military communications, you know, it was.
It's based on an old military communications idea,
but we have actually had it custom made.
This is our second custom-made Puffer Dome.
And the acoustics, the echoing are amazing,
and the projections, because the entire dome,
the entire 40-by-20-foot dome is also a projection screen
that you can see the visuals from both the inside and the outside.
So it creates a whole indoor and outdoor environment at once.
One of the things we're doing this year nearby and on the Puffer Dome
is our own version of the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
We're happy to have people coming and doing the whole Rocky Horror script.
We've also got concerts, movies, and...
With the real film.
Yeah, with the real film, of course, yes, with the permission of the company.
We have the propane dance floor,
which is basically a fire-based organ musical instrument
that not only plays notes, but plays flames.
And we have the dig dome, which is a quieter, acoustic, PVC-type dome.
There's some music magic happens in there.
A little small fire inside there, and you can listen,
zone out to the beautiful music of various Middle Eastern string instruments
with soft percussion and didgeridoos and stuff like that.
It's a beautiful spot, the dig dome.
I suppose the fire spots are noteworthy as well.
There's the Paw Paw Patch.
That's where the nightly bonfires are, and it's in a Paw Paw Patch.
Go Ohio.
Right.
And it's just a beautifully maintained, nice-sized fire,
bigger than the normal ones that you have when you're out camping, that's for sure.
And the drums can be protected, and there's places to sit.
But then Saturday night, Saturday night, you've got the most massive fire you've seen.
It's bigger than a house, and it takes a week and a half to build.
And just some amazing things happen around that big set.
That's the culmination of the whole thing.
The culmination of the whole festival, really, was when everybody's bringing their full game,
whether it's their party game or their magic game or their fire-spinning game
or just their coming into their own element.
Or their crazy game.
Their subgenius game or their nostril game.
Or their lonesome cowboy Dave game.
Lonesome cowboy Dave game?
Yeah, there's supposed to be a lonesome cowboy Dave game on right now.
I want to play.
Were you watching the game?
I thought we were watching the game.
I want to play that.
Dave?
Dave.
It's Dave.
I was following a certain kind of a psycho-spiritual hindrance, is what they call it.
And they said, well, if I was to go to Starwood or if I was to go to the Church of the Subgenius
X Day Festival or something, I think I'd believe it.

I don't think I belonged to a certain denomination or church or something like that.
I said, Stang respects all denominations, especially 10s and 20s.
And he laughed a little bit and I shot him in the foot.
That's all I had to say for right now because I had the miss-wollen correction, or the institution anyway,
that somehow Gilbert Shelton and R. Crumb had something to do with the first Hester Street.
Right.
And that's not impossible, isn't it?
Well, Crumb was in Cleveland early on.
Oddly enough, at that Hester Street fair last week, there was a big wooden cutout ripoff
of the Keep on Truckin' character.
Yes.
With the big foreshortened shoes coming at you in the foreground.
It was along with all those other wooden photo ops.
Yeah, it was a photo op thing.
And a comic pie truck and all that stuff.
But it was very noticeably not drawn by Robert Crumb.
Or Gilbert Shelton.
It was drawn by a person with a form of digitalis of the rectal cavity and foreshortening of the feet.
Dave's talking about those foreshortened underground cartoonists from the olden days of Zap Comics.

Jase.
And the fabulous Furry Freak Brothers, who are all real.
Relatives of ours, in a way.
We all have distant battles of DNA, homework, gone awry, or whatever you want to call it.
Well, I could brag.
We could all brag.
I jammed.
I'm the son of a...
Gilbert Shelton was in our band.
The band that dare not speak its name crossed with Doctors for Wotan.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
And Shelton was a little disappointed because it was like, aren't you any of you guys trying to play any real music?
And we're going, no.
No, no.
You know, he and Jay Kenny were trying to tune their instruments together.
And we're going, what are you...
Maybe you guys don't understand.
You're not supposed to play an instrument you know how to play in this band.
And, yeah.
And of course, our good friend St. Paul Mavridis of the Lies Foundation drew the fabulous Furry Freak Brothers and co-wrote those with Gilbert under the name of Paul Mavridis.
That's like his human street name, but we know him as Lies.
Lies.
Usually a heterosexual name.
Sometimes it belongs to like an officer in the police.
We've never made any distinction about what kind of sexual anything was.
Anything goes.
Nobody even cared about mice in those days.
Everybody knows what a bunch of pack of rodents they are.
Right.
Right.
I found a picture of myself eating dinner with Robert Crumb.
Really?
About a hundred thousand years ago.
I had short hair and big thick black glasses.
And...
That doctor outfit that I used to use as if it were a white tuxedo.
But it was just a cheap doctor outfit.
And...
And Crumb drew a little picture of me that ended up in one of his sketchbooks.
That I didn't think looked anything like me.
It was strangely pencil necked and chinless wondered.
Odd.
Funny.
Strangely stumpy.
Strangely stumpy?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I...
I...
I...
Do you know him?
Do you know Stumpy?
Yes, I do.
In fact, I encountered a real person who's like a San Francisco person whose whole...
Appeared to...
His whole life appears to have been centered around the few brief times he was with R.
Crumb.
He had some records that R. Crumb did that were, you know, that Paul Weidman, Jelly Roll
Morton kind of jazz.
Early 20s, late 20s jazz music.
And Crumb used to play...
Did you know Crumb was a musician also, right?
Yeah, and he was only into really old timey music.
Right.
Like Jelly Roll Morton and Paul Weidman type stuff.

Yeah, he hates everything modern.
Yeah.
And so he had these records and he had these, you know, like Keep On Truckin', these art
renderings.
They were like the same as the fat of the meaty dog.

Or the Excalibur, the sword of...
Well, I forget.
Nevermind.
Well, I'll tell you a funny anecdote, Dave.
The folks that were making that...
You got the anecdote, I got the cure.
The folks that were making that Subgenius movie, of course they wanted to film any celebrities
they could get.
And we had a nice quote by Crumb on the back of Book of the Subgenius.
And they thought, well, let's get R. Crumb in.


And they wanted Crumb to say something about it.
And they talked to his agent, who is Gilbert Shelton's wife, it turns out.
And Crumb basically said, why do you want to talk with me?
I didn't have anything to do with Church's Subgenius.
I mean, I liked it.
I was a fan of him.
But I didn't really help with it.
And besides that, nobody's going to point a camera at me from now on.
Because...
He's pretty old.
They're all pretty old, those guys.
But Mavridis is probably the youngest.
And Hal Robbins, they're among the youngest of those folks.
And they're ancient.
They're like a year and a half older than me, both of them.
Daughtering.
Well, you're not werewolves.
Teetering.
Truly.
Not daughtering.
Tripling.
Teetering.
Yeah.
No, they're not.
You can get into all kinds of trouble.
Like, if you're a werewolf and they find out.
Like, they used to make you...
They would have to go to the back of the store to buy salami and bread and stuff like that.
And if they do, they'd come out and they'd act real nauseating and play with their pectoral muscles.
And, like, you know, grab their crotch area and stuff like that.
And go, yee-haw, yee-haw, and all that stuff like that.
No.
What do you mean, no?
No.
No.
This is not America.
This is not America.
Oh, no.
This is America, unfortunately.
Oh, boy.
America, co-co-co-co-co-co-co.
Well, we'll get our country back.
One of these days.
Well, in about 300 million years after it's been completely destroyed and then reconstituted
by some other species besides humans.
Why isn't it that empires...
They'll discover democracy again.
... last about 600 years.
Isn't that a strange thing?
Well, I'm just saying, don't you think that's a strange thing?







They're gonna have to rediscover, I mean, the things that come along after humans.
We'll have to rediscover democracy because I think that the whole history of that short-lived
fad is being erased.
Yeah, unfortunately.
Because all the gangster dictators are friends now.
They're all ganging up.
They're in one big gang of gang dictators.
You know?
The North Korean guy.
It's just like Hitler.

It's just like Hitler predicted.
You know, the Axis powers, him and Mussolini and Tojo and all the guy from Bulgaria and
the guy from Greece and everything and Franco and they all got together and...
They just had to wait.
They just had to wait.
It's like that now.
They just had to wait another 80 years.
They were a little...
They jumped the gun with that Third Reich stuff that it didn't fly then, but thanks
to Facebook...
Yeah.
And the internet, it probably will fly.
Well, it is.
They're really taking off.
Fascism is the new coming thing.
It certainly sounds like there's some sort of idiotic movie preview that you don't want.
You want to scream and throw your popcorn all over the place and run out of the building.
Well, I mean, fascism in general, it's been the norm for the last several thousand years.
There's just been these brief little...
Little lights in history where there was a kind of an enlightenment or a little revolution
or kind of an age of reason or something like that that would flicker in the darkness for
a short time and then the light would go out and the demons would come back.
The demons aren't real, but in the darkness, the people imagine the demons and so they're
real to the people.
Yeah.
Somebody get them...
Somebody get some dreaming on it too, though.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
The leaders get them dreaming on it.
Yeah, their leaders explain to them how the darkness is filled with these horrible things
they've never seen before.
These things are called immigrants.
Most of the people who are upset about them never actually met one.
Oh, if you...
But it's real easy.
There's a lot of people in this country that are quite isolated in little towns where
everybody's kind of alike.
I live in one of those towns most of the time.
I have a tremendous little town story about how diversity becomes politics, real politics,
with a capital P and stuff like that.
They had a big...
They thought a bunch of illegals were voting in the county where I'm from, which is mostly
agricultural now, so they assume naturally there's all kinds of agricultural workers
they could cut and they could blame it on the Democrats because they're all being a




I'm not going to vote Democrat because there's no place to vote in my county where you could
walk in there and somebody not know who you were and they have to produce your license
plates, especially if you're driving a police car that you just stole or something.
That's just exactly how they'll get Sharia law going in Ashtabula, Ohio.
Now, you look around, you don't see that many moose limes creeping around yet, but they're
behind every billboard.
They're behind every billboard and under every bed, just waiting for Hillary to release
them from their sleep-induced hypnosis and they become triggered Manchurian candidates.
They suddenly jump up and steal the apple pie from all the nice po-buckers of America.
Check this out, it actually turned out they did find a voter who was not a citizen after
the investigation and it was a Russian immigrant who voted for Trump.
No.
Isn't that...
Isn't that hilarious?
Well, no, it's actually a story I've heard over and over again.
They had that kind of embarrassing thing in Texas, too.
What?
What?
Look at this.
We caught somebody vote...
A fraud.
They voted five times.
Oh, for Trump.
Oh, forget it.
That's okay.
Oh, well.
Well, I've seen so many dystopian sci-fi movies.
I used to think, you know, Planet of the Apes.
Planet of the Apes was a disaster, you know, a horrible thing to even consider.
Now, to me, it's like, whoa, that would be one of the best, better scenarios, you know,
compared to what we're actually looking at, which is either a thousand...
Well, basically a thousand years of everything looking ugly, as Frank Zappa put it, I think
in better words.
Can I just...
Can I just very briefly plug my book?
Yeah.
I mean, I've been reading your book, Neighborworld.
It's on sale in many places.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to say that.
It has to be taken out.
But I was trying to say something...
Dave, you can plug your book, Neighborworld, even though I'm one of the publishers.
But if people were to type Neighborworld, one word, into their world brain, I think
yours is the first one that comes up.
Yes, I believe so.
And if you type in Neighborworld Lonesome Cowboy Dave, it would sure come up.
And everybody would be looking.
They could look at a free sample.
I could read the full first chapter of Neighborworld by Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
By Aloy S. Hitler.
At least that's what they used to say back in the old Bavarian days.
I remember when Grandpa and I used to go out and chop wood, and he used to think he was
becoming a direct-flow mononuclear.
Or something like that.
And that's why they had to put him in the institution.
And he's still in there.
And he still thinks he's somehow got a special line to God, you know?
And that's why he listens to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack, which you all
are listening to now.
All of us, we're all listening to this together.
And you can listen to all the other 2,000 episodes.
At subgenius.com.
Or see the 10,000 weird pictures.
Yeah, and the good thing that you let people know that you are a font or a nexus.
Whichever...
I am a fontleroy.
I am a nexus.
You are a fontleroy nexus.
Yes.
I think that's a little bit silly, but I'll let it go by.
Well, you know, Dave, with my poor hearing, and plus we actually have...
...headphone problems tonight in the actual station per se.
Did your dad and mommy both attend the nasal academy?
Yeah, and well, that's why I have that spray for my nasal.
And the populace is everybody out of their underwear in that place.
They're all crazy.
Hey, Princess Wee, are you watching the interocitor to see if that...
I have just admitted Dr. Sinister.
Oh, okay.
And another individual into the building.
Yeah, the timing of this whole hour of slack, the whole evening has been set about eight minutes off, something like that.
I don't know how long we had that dead air.
Und if it wasn't Dr. Sinister, there's about to be some very dramatic times on this radio.
If that is Dr. Sinister, then who is it?
I don't know.
I let someone in.
Oh, I have to go let them in down the hall.
Okay.
Dave, we have to go now.
Okay, okay.
Slack, slack.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What is this music in the background?
I think it's CyberChump.
Yes, it's CyberChump.
It's another Ohio band.
Crazy people.
Okay, Dave, thank you, everyone.
We'll see you next time.
















Thank you, David.
We got tired.
Okay, David, thank you.
Thank you.
which my fellow Hendrix fans will understand.
And Dave, we have to go now.
All right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
So I'm going to ask you to do this one little thing before we leave.
And then we'll ask you to do this one little thing.
I want you to grab hands of the person next to you very quickly.
We're going to have a word of prayer.
Just bow your heads.
Heavenly Father, we thank you for tonight, for watching over us,
for changing our lives.
Watch over us as we go home.
In Jesus' name, everybody said amen.
Amen.
You are dismissed.

But it got even worse.
Hang on.
What am I doing?
What am I doing?
But no, it's diamond.
Does she want?
No, she doesn't.
She doesn't even know that I actually do, I don't know, like IRL streams.
She's probably under the impression
that I just do gaming streams.
But little do they know.
I don't even know.
Maybe.
Whether it's their party game or their magic game or their fire spinning game
or just their coming into their own element and bringing their slip and slide
and having their, bringing your pancake breakfast up there in the morning
and sharing your nice guava melon, you know.
Share your nice guava melon out there.
The Paw Paw fire.
Paw Paw is literally deep in the woods.
It's in a ravine at the bottom of the woods and it's where we do our nightly drum fire.
Our drum fire at Paw Paw is about the size of what you would expect a bonfire to be at
many contemporary festivals.
Then on Saturday night we do what I believe is one of the largest fires east of Burning Man.
It's a, we've done this every year for the last 39 years.
It actually began at the first Starwood as an accident.
Where people gave us some brush and a fence to burn and we ended up creating this 40 foot bonfire with 80 foot flames.
And we've been pretty much doing that again ever since.
So if you're looking for something spectacular our Saturday night blow off is pretty spectacular.
It's safety third.
Well, hey the fire department's there.
Don't worry.
The fire department is actually there so it's safe.
Starwood is a well monitored safe festival.
But it's also a spectacular festival.
It's a spectacular show.
One of our other venues is called the Stone Circle.
It's basically a ritual space where the stones are arranged to make a continuous calendar
along the lines of the ancient druid calendar sun relationship.
And we're going to be doing our all night alchemical fire there.
The alchemical fire is pretty much what it sounds like.
It's a transformational fire where you take the raw material of yourself and by morning
have turned it into the gold that you truly are.
And by the way I should mention that when you go online and check out the Starwood Festival
to register for the Starwood Festival just because you're listening to this radio program
you can use the promo code FREE capital letters F-R-E-E and get 10% off your ticket.
You can come for the whole week which is the best thing to do.
Arrive on Tuesday and stay until Monday or you can just arrive on Friday and stay until Monday.
Don't we have that deal for the college students this year?
Oh that's true. Thursday is college ID day and your free discount will count towards that as well.
Yeah, you get the same amount that you pay for the weekend.
You get an extra 24 hours free so you can get there at 4 o'clock on Thursday instead of showing up at 4 o'clock on Friday.
Well that's a good deal.
There is a web presence. It is StarwoodFestival.com.
StarwoodFestival.com.
StarwoodFestival.com.
StarwoodFestival.com.
However, off the public supported airways I can tell you to send $35.00 to the Starwood Festival.
Or you will die on X day or something much, much worse.
And if you already have become a subgenius minister, gotten that huge 25 piece membership kit with button and bumper stickers and minister's card and many frameable certificates and lots of dog's heads.
You might not have the book of the subgenius or Neighbor World or even our world famous pamphlets over 100,000 sold.
Well not Neighbor World, about 80 of those maybe.
But come on man.
A thing?
For that matter there's fast clothing designs and drink wear with subgenius graphics on them and all manner of fine Dobbs wear and Dobbs gimmickry.
Bob Daggetts and DVDs of movies.
Good and bad ones.
Mostly pretty good and very weird.
And CDs of what we did before the radio shows and after like stage shows and such.
Boy it's just an immense mess of keen and yet sacred collectibles, enjoyables and guilty pleasures.
And the book of the subgenius is autographed when you get it from us.
Not by Bob, no.
Sorry.
Just me.
Philo and Sterno and Byron and Onan are all going to be here soon for that movie premiere.
Though maybe I'll get them to sign the copies I have in stock.
I won't let peas do it though.
I better order those books.
Anyway thank you friends and good night or good day or whatevs.
Praise Bob.
