I am seeking information about Bob. Let us see what is on the radio.
You're listening to PR News.
No, I don't think I can accept that program.
Nor that one.
The subgenius. Power of...
SWITCH!
Your call has been forwarded to an automatic voice message system.
Oh really?
4-4-0. At the tone, please record your message.
Finished recording. You may hang up or press 1 for more options.
Hi Dave, I think I called the wrong phone. I'm gonna call your house now, bye.
I wonder what happened today.
Dave, did he miss our appointment?
Bye Bob.
Hello?
Oh Dave, there you are. Just about gave up. I thought you'd missed your anointment by Bob.
My ointment?
Yeah, that's what I was afraid of.
Put some pig grease on me and argue with me about something. I forget it.
Ptolemy versus Toltecs and the Iron Fist of Wonder.
You know, you got a bunch of Japanese...
Suzuki poets in there and going on. Haiku guys and...
It's supposed to be quite a big deal but I can't attend.
You're talking about wrestling, right?
Yeah, I'm talking about men with large breasts who don't mind showing them off and they wear leotards and high shoes and stuff.
Yeah, superheroes. Worldwide wrestling and stuff.
Well, a lot of worldwide wrestlers, not, you know, superheroes.
Have a certain forbidden gene. I guess it comes out every Tuesday or something like that.
It's like a weekly thing. And it definitely has been declared an omnibus.
There, Bill.
Oh, we're going to be playing some cuts from that show Omnibus at some point when I need reruns real badly.
It's a show where they talked about the Church of the Subgenius for one episode.
Well, they do.
They talk about different things each time. They're smart guys that talk good on a podcast.
And I was going to play that Sunday.
Well, that sounds like a...
Yeah, I forget what the point of all that was, but...
Well, it sounds like a very great idea. You know, there's a theme.
And you can even have some kind of vague format, you know, call them like signposts or boys, mechanical boys.
A format.
Yeah.
That's what we need for this show, which is the hour of slack.
I guess we are actually doing a show again.
Yeah, but it's got an obvious format. You say something, I say something. If we's are out, she says something.
And, you know, anybody else wants to say something, they get to say something they do in that format.
Speaking of anybody else, where's Princess Wei?
I don't know, Stan, but she's certainly not here.
Princess Wei!
Yeah?
You can come be on show if you want to.
Okay.
We're at Tarzan's radio station. I just set it up.
I panicked for a minute there because I thought that my mixer wasn't getting power.
And since it's about 50 years old, it's actually, yeah, it's almost as old as me.
I can understand its problem.
But it was that I didn't have the headphone plugged in all the way.
Silly me.
Silly Tarzan.
Who is the cheetah, or not cheetah, the chimpanzee to this, to the Tarzan studio?
Buddy.
Has to be a requisite buddy?
Yeah. He's a dog.
He's a dog. But we don't have any chimps yet.
We were, we had dreamed of replacing me at D5.
It was true.
It was at the current contest.
Or maybe we had, Iagn was at the contest.
Oh.
And I didn't have aэ
That would free you up a lot, so you could go around scratching your armpits and going,
Exactly, that was the whole idea.
But then there'd be like two of you carousing on the same pine yard,
and neither one have the correct idea of what's going on,
because you know that chimpanzee, guess who I am today, I'm Reverend Ivan Stang.
No, it's not like he'll just go grab a banana and frighten one of the little girls.
Well, that was the problem. That's exactly what happened.
And he kept getting out.
Well, I mean, not certainly of age, little girl.
He was one of those face-eating chimps on Prozac.
We thought we were going to save money. It was a bad idea.
Anyway, so the new cheetah around here would be,
well, actually, I guess it would be Claudia,
who looks very much like some kind of a primate.
As much of a primate as a dog.
I never saw, I didn't know that.
Her face does. Her face is uncannily similar to Peter Jackson's King Kong.
And she's got a boxer face.
And about five times the size of her body.
A boxer face, that means that she's got like cauliflower ears and broccoli breasts and all that.
Yeah, an undershut jaw.
Yeah.
Well, that could be, that could be, they could turn on you in a moment's notice.
You never can tell what those were.
Princess, Princess, we just sat down.
Oh, there, you pull it down.
Here.
No, I can't.
I can't hear you either.
Oh, wait, no, no, no.
How about now?
Can you hear you?
Yes, how now, Brown Cow?
Can you hear the music?
Yes, yes, yes.
Okay, technical exercise over.
Tarzan's is fully functioning.
And recording, everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Except for how would someday, would it be possible that I could hear the music too?
Because I can hear the music, but it's not the same music you're playing.
Right.
The heavenly chorus of the few thousand of the people who died at the Gallipolis in the Stonewall Adventures of 1920.
What was that?
Well, just imagine, Dave, that you're listening to Brian Henke's album,
Seven Magical Days.
Six Magic Spells.
Okay, I can't remember the content of Henke's album.
It's a rug of pretty guitar music.
Beautiful guitar instrumental.
Sweet and gentle.
Yeah, very gentle music.
I use it for my home movies of the ranch insects and snakes and buzzards.
Yes.
And we're at the ranch now, listeners.
We're at Stang Ranch in Fossil House at Tarzan's Radio.
Yes.




We're at the radio station with a bear head looking down on us, a real one, painting a
pappy on horseback glaring at us with a weird idiot grin and two casts of dinosaur tracks
that we made ourselves.
Yes.
Down at the creek here in front of us.
And the dog's sleeping.
Claudia's sleeping on the dog bed right behind us.
And the sun is setting.
So, you know, it's cool.
Right.
The little hound dog's poking around causing trouble.
It's just like normal.
We're out in the country, out in the woods.
Well, we're in the house.
But since all the windows are broken out and, you know, there's no roof, we might as well
be outdoors.
But it's really beautiful.
It is.
It's a beautiful ruin, Frankenstein's Fossil House is.
It is.
Did you survive the blizzard all right?
Princess Weed looks like she's hearing devil.
I'm in the temple of the devil.
The pagoda?
Oh, yeah.
You've been hearing devils?
It's our little boy dog.
He's making all kinds of squeaks and squawks.
How can you hear him over Dave and this music?
Oh, I have magical ears.
You have to talk closer to them.
Magical ears.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, any minute now, the cows are going to start trampling through the living room, followed
by the goats.
And there'll be cool sound effects.
I'll turn the music down for that.
Yeah.
I'm going to go.

But it's great.
We made it.
That's the important thing.
We're not dead.
We were almost dead several times.
I was actually injured.
We were both injured and traumatized by the final days of the, well, the final months
of the house repair and move.
And then the packing of the U-boxes and the driving on I-65 with a five-hour traffic jam.
But praise Bob.
We're here now.
And as far as I know, I'll never, ever have to drive on I-65 or I-40 ever again.
Well, moving does beat you up pretty well.
Yeah.
And those two interstates suck.
Well, sure.
I can only agree with that.
I heard that you had a temper tantrum right in the middle of the third rail.
Oh, I had real good reason to.
I had real good.
Yeah.
I was peeing mad standing right there on top of the third rail.
It was shocking.
I heard all crazy people say I was peeing mad.
Yeah.
Well.
That's their excuse when the EMT arrives with a zapper gun to calm you down.
Or you would be too if you had to deal with that motel clerk that I had to deal with.
And that traffic jam.
Wouldn't you say in any major venture or any big move there has to be at least one
motel seven or motel clerk?
We know all of them along that route.
I've driven that route.
I've driven that route something like 30 times both ways.
We knew them intimately.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And some of them have gone downhill on our list.
Yes.
No More Econo Lodge in Jackson, Tennessee.
That's a shame.
That used to be a great place.
Yes.
It was grand in its day.
But it's a ruin now.
Anyway, so our motel reviews are available online at subgenius.com where you can also
get Neighbor World.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And we're going to be talking about a new incredible sizzling new novel by best selling
New York Times author Dave DeLuca who couldn't be with us today.
Instead we have lonesome cowboy Dave DeLuca here.
I'm packing his place.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I'm wearing his soffits too.
You ever see those like what the kids, the little paper boys and everything used to in
the 1930s that come up to your leg or your kneecaps and then you wear like these weird
long socks and these really goofy looking shoes?
No.
No.








No.
Have you never done that?
No.
No.
Why not?
Dave, are you like living in the past before you were even alive?
Yeah.
When you were dead before you were alive?
Yeah.
Why not?
Before my previous death and aliveness.
Well, I mean.
Well, two lifetimes ago in Hell's Kitchen which is not far from Paradise Alley.
Two lifetimes.
Two lifetimes.
That's a new one on me, Dave.
I didn't know you had two.
I'm sorry.


I think everybody has at least a few or four or five.
The Gopati Buddha says each person has about a thousand because it takes a long time to
get it.
Only Bob and people who hang out with Bob.
And I haven't been invited to those parties yet myself.
Oh, yes you have.
No, I haven't.
I never have been invited to one of Bob's parties.
It's like I'm the help, you know.
They don't even let me, they don't even hire me to videotape them.
Can't you even like serve food?

Can't you even like serve shrimp over an icy table?
No, they won't let me do anything.
Won't let me anywhere near those parties.
I never hear about them until afterwards.
I understand.
You should have been there.
Thanks, Philo.
I guess those things are like national holidays in Peru.
Oh, all kinds of stuff.
You never know what it's going to be.
And I never know for sure.
I hear about them later.
Just they rub it in, you know, especially Philo.
Oh, that's what I was going to say.
If I was going to have Philo and Onan on this show, we could have a show about wrestlers.
Those guys are experts in the world of and Sphinx Drummond also.
Yeah, but if you had Philo, you could also do have like Greek drumming too and stuff because of like Philo Do.
That's a different Philo.
Oh, it's Philo actually.
I just thought they were mispronouncing it, but I guess they were.
I think we've had people call Philo, Philo.
Like they never heard the name Philo pronounced out loud.
And Princess Wee, people call her Princess Way.
Yes, often.
Well, there is a Chinese name, Wee, that's spelled the same way and it may be pronounced way.
But this isn't the Wee Way.
This is the Wee Wee Way.
It's a small Wee Way.
Wee Wee Way Way.
Yes, the French small Wee Wee Wee Way Way.
Yeah, because in my mind I can see those like autographed, what do you call them?
Those body tapes, those booty tabs or those urine holders when you're in the hospital and stuff like that.
Oh yeah, I've got three of those.
You've got three of them?
In the car, yeah.
And three more in the bedroom.
You've got to have them, man.
You don't want to be caught with your pants down, so to speak.
I use mine for coffee or tea in the morning sometimes.
I'm so dependent on them.
I hear you about the depends and dependency and all that.
It's sad.
It's really way too much.
It's the indignities, man.
Princess, you have to lean into the mic.
She's so slack.
She's such an emergentile like Susie.
She'll eventually slouch back away from the mic because it's just crouching at the mic requires, well, crouching the way we do it.
Well, remember Crouch on Mars was a great citizen of the United States.
And forever may he reign.
Or Snow, one of those articles of faith that you have to keep on your pants.
Dave, you're doing it now.
Dave's leaning.
He's slacking back away from the mic.
Dave, Dave, Dave, how can you do that?
You must lean into the phone.
Is it less slacked off the microphone now?
Yeah, that's better.
Much better.
Yeah, use your TV voice, you know, your radio diction and stuff.
Hey, you know, I was just wondering about the last thing you just said.
What kind of diction should we use or can we use?
Well, it's a wonderment to me.
Everybody here at the W.
You sound like one of those 1950s radio announcers.
Yeah, I was going to do like Pottery Stoop, but that's actually like a radio show like Jim Chain, Private Detective, you know, that kind of thing.
Well, we used to do that.

Back when you and Psychopath Finder were writing insane plays every week.
You guys would like the Firesign Theater.
I got to be in those a few times.
Yeah, I was just going to play Firesign Theater.
I did too.
You know, Nick Danger was very dangerous for a long time.
You know, I was involved in, well, the Chameleon Club, the people that put on Starwood.
They had a group called the, what was it, the Firesign Clones?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, the Firesign Clones.
And we would stand up on the Starwood stage in the afternoon and read a radio play.
We'd perform one of those albums from the big book of plays or whatever.
And I was banned because I read my part twice and I only got to perform with you guys one time.
Anyway, they let me play Nick Danger and I thought I was doing a great job.
I thought I sounded just like Phil Austin.
Oh, you suck, man.
When I listened back to the tape, I happened to have it playing at the same time as the original Firesign tape.
As far as the timing went, everybody had it exactly in sync with the original album, just from memory.
But Nick Danger sounded like he was the Texas Nick Danger.
And I was doing my best to not sound, you know, I wanted to sound like an L.A. detective guy.
Out of the fog and into the smog.
You sure you didn't sound like Nicole?

Sound like Nicole Dangerous, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yeah, anyway, it didn't work.
I realized that I was not really slated to be a character actor or a voice actor of that kind.
Unless it needed to either be a little bit kind of slightly Texas-y, no matter how British I might try to sound or whatever.
Or Claude Rains.
But those are the only options.
Well, he certainly does.
You were talking about Depends and There You Go Again, Claude Rains.
Just like, remember, what's his name in high school?
In the seat behind you in Study Hall, Claude Balls or whatever his name was.
Hey, we could change, we could add to Claudia's name.
Claudia Rains, or Gabrielle Tirebiter St. Clair.
Now, she didn't get, Claudia didn't get her name Tirebiter from the Firesign Theater.
She got it from literally biting and flattening.
Mower tires.
While they were moving.
Through a fence.
Through a chain link fence.
Well, no, it's a livestock fence.
Livestock fence.
Still.
I hope she doesn't have the Hitler Syndrome.
You know, when they...
Yeah, she does.
Sounds a little crazy to me, you know?
Yeah, she does.
The only thing she hates are loud machines that roll around.
Ah.
Like mowers and trimmers.
And, uh...
And she hates female dogs.
She doesn't really like vacuum cleaners either.
Anything that moves around that's loud like that.
Yeah, yeah, she'll attack them.
Yeah.
She's part pit bull, part Terminator, part boxer.
I can see her in a pair of boxer shorts right now in my mind.
Eyeball.
Boy, that's kind of got me a little nervous.
She barked furiously at Stang yesterday because he was repairing a trimmer.
She barked at you?
She must have barked at you for 40 minutes.
Well, she was warning me not to turn it on.
Yes.
She's going, don't repair it, don't turn it on.
Don't fix it, don't turn that on, don't use that around me.
Well, I don't.
She was very, very, very clear about it.
Oh, it's so bucolic out here, Dave, in the woods.
Uh...
Bucolic means kind of like sleepy, though.
Yeah, yeah, it is.
It's very sleepy.
It's actually literally sleepy now because the sun...
We left a curtain on it.
The curtains open over here, and the afternoon sun was blinding me for the whole first half
of this show.
Now I'm deaf.
My eyes are okay.
Well, Homer was blind.
You know, the guy that transcribed the Odyssey or the Iliad, Homer was blind.
They say all the great barters...
No, Homer works at the power plant.
Yeah, that's his brother's...
His brother-in-law has the same name, and it was a big deal back at the time.

And at the saxophone parties, don't you remember?
No.
He said, look, I'm not...
They didn't invite me to those parties either, Dave.
Me neither, but I used to.
It's a pretty good dope on what they were trying to say.
Yeah.
Well, I wish I knew what we were trying to say.
Oh, yeah, praise Bob.
That's it.
We're supposed to talk about Church of the Subgenius and how the weirdos have been held
down by the normals and how the Nazis have taken over America.
You call it dogs?
Huh?

They're called dogs, I think.
They're called dogs, but they're not dogs.



I think they're called dogs.

Bucolic dogs.
Bucolic dogs, symphonets, chimpanzees.
And the world is ending.
And our chimpanzee is a dog.
And our Tarzan tree house is actually just a living room in a barn-like structure.
Lined with fossils, at least.
At least we have lots of rocks.
Lined with fossils and books.
Yeah.
At least it's not a living being because you don't want to go in there hiding from having to do some work or something.
I'm going to sneak off into the Bucolic tree forest.
And you're up there in a tree house.
The next thing, a dog is right next to you, ready to snap at your snapper.
Well, actually, the deer hunters have had trouble with that.
Where they were trying to hunt deer and suddenly our dog would show up.
Which, it doesn't help, you know, lure deer.
But, so we had to keep, keep damn it, in when it was dinosaur hunting season and deer hunting season.
Oh man, yesterday I saw a deer try three times to jump over a barbed wire fence but fail.
And each time this poor little thing failed, she would slam herself into the upper part of the fence, chest first, and bounce back real hard.
You know.
It's like a big spring.
And this barbed wire.
Poor thing.
Yeah, so on the fourth try she finally kind of floated over like they're supposed to.
Oh no.
Yeah, I, like, I wasn't, I kind of surprised four of them.
And the little one wasn't real good at getting over the fence yet.
Aw.
I'm sure she's got scars on her chest from that.
So this is the kind of things you see out here.
Oh.
I was just going to say if you were more of an opportunist, never mind.
I forgot my...
Well, I could shoot them and eat them.
Well, I was going to say you could sodomize them without them knowing that you were sodomizing them because they're so preoccupied with these...
Not funny.
Triggered.
Triggered.
I'm having a flashback.
Did you sodomize a dog named Trigger or something?
No, no, no.
I got accused of triggering people by talking about this.
Or allowing somebody...
I think I was talking about sodomizing in a long, weird allegory about fear of camping and animals.
And I got...
You know how people get in trouble now?
Real bad trouble for things they did 20 years ago.
Or said in their high school yearbook or something.
And now they're 60 years old and they can't be king because they said pink boy in their yearbook.
Yeah.











In 1970 or whatever.
Or they put a powder puff on their head.
Yeah.
Well, I've got a long trail of things like that that guarantee that I can never be respectable or on the Supreme Court.
Well, I could be on a Republican Supreme Court.
Ironic.
It's ironic, isn't it?
It's weird.
It's all my sins are the kind that they reward you for now.
Unfortunately, it's true enough to make me weep like a baby.
Yeah.
Me too.
No.
It's true.
We were guilty of being un-PC, but we didn't know how...
At the time, it just seemed really, really funny.
And the funny thing is, it still does.
Especially when a woman recites it.
The evil story of the ripe bear.
Actually, there's a bunch of ripe bears.
But it wasn't the bears.
Oh, if only it had ended after seven years with the bears.
Oh, if only it had ended then.
But it went on.
And on.
And on.
For seven years.
When Dr. Leguim first...
For seven years?
When Dr. Leguim first told that story, which I can't recite or play on the radio, not broadcast radio.
It's been on the X-rated versions.
But when he did that, everybody who heard it was crying.
They were laughing so hard.
Because it just...
It got worse and worse and worse.
And you just couldn't believe how imaginatively worse it got.
Kind of like the aristocrats.
Yeah, sort of.
And...
Yeah.
Then suddenly, like ten years later, ten years after, suddenly it was this terrible, terrible thing to even refer to.
I think it was because of this one girl.
I guess she, you know, had trouble with something.
Something.
And so that...
Well, she wasn't really a girl, was she?
Or a boy or a neutral gender.
Oh, it doesn't matter.
X-day.
Forced sex?
Whatever they call it.
You can't even tell.
No, it was just that this person was triggered by it.
And it spread like a disease through the community.
Well...
The hate.
What's trigger have to do with...
I was wondering if you guys are using secret spy language.
Like, you know, you trigger and somebody goes out and shoots a cook or something like that.
No, no, no.
It refers to Roy Rogers.
Roy Rogers.


Horse trigger.
When you trigger someone, that means you ride them off into the sunset and make them rear up.
And it's abusive because of the animals that wouldn't do that, you know, willingly.
It's animal abuse because you've trained the horse to do what you want and you ride on it.
So, you know, there's a lot of unfair things out there in the world.
Speaking of which, I saw strangers looking at Gus.
Our one last remaining ancient horse.
Strangers?
The family horse.
You know, the entire clan's one horse.
Strangers?
Yeah, young, clean-cut looking strangers.
Well, they weren't totally strangers, Gus.
So, I'm leaving my brother's drive...
Going into my brother's driveway earlier.
It was a blue pickup truck.
Maybe they wanted to buy some goats or some Emerald City jam.
Horse meat.
You know.
Horse meat.
I don't know.
Oh, yeah.
They're going to take old Gus and cut his feet off, turn him into glue.
Then they'll turn his meat into horse meat.
Then they'll put him to sleep.
They better not.
Gus is a handsome, nice old guy.
Anyway, yeah.
We could go on and on about the bucolicness of this completely opposite world that we now live in.
If anybody really needs a house in the city...
Well, it's not downtown or anything, but it's not far from downtown.
In Cleveland Heights, real nice neighborhood.
It's a high-class, upper-middle-class street right next to our street.
That's close, you know.
I can't say ours is an upper-middle-class street or house, but it is a very good house.
And it's historic.
Buddy jumped out of a third-story window and survived by landing on a second-story roof.
But.
And the church at Subgenius was in there for nigh on to 20 years.
It is a gorgeous piece of architecture.
And it's a nice old house.
Now that we're out of it, and it's been completely recovered and repainted on every surface,
all the doors finally work.
The last day we were in there, all the doors and windows worked beautifully.
And everything was clean and spotless.
The last, we had one day in which it looked like our first day.
Yes.
A big, empty...
A big, empty, inviting shell.
With nearby amenities, such as a shopping center with a post office, bank, city hall,
a police station, fire station.
So, it's a little noisy up on the corner, but not where we are.
And, walking distance.
It's walking distance.
Indeed.
That's what it is.
It's walking distance.
You can just walk.
You can just get out and just walk.
And nobody will beat you up when you walk on this street.
It's never happened to us.
It's a little sample of suburban living right in the middle of the town area.
Yeah.
You even have to worry about mowing lawns and stuff like that.
Well, yeah, you do.
Oh, you sure do mow your lawn.
Oh, the city will come and...
And they're very strict.
The very city of Cleveland Heights is very, very strict.
Yeah, they are.
They won't let you have your car up on blocks.
They wouldn't let us, anyway.
They wouldn't let us do all kinds of po-buckery things.
They'd force you to act like you got clout.



You'd get a glass.
Or they'd fine you.
You know, it's one of those.
You can't paint your house purple.
I mean, I guess you can, but...
I think the city...
The neighbors wouldn't get after you.
The neighbors would go, yeah, right on, go for it.
But the city would go, oh, we won't have purple houses here.
Yep.
I painted with Charlie in Cleveland Heights, and boy, sometimes it reached the point of
silliness, especially when they started going back and forth and Charlie got real angry
and stuff.
Oh, God, I bet.
First thing was that he had to present a retaining method or a way of getting chips
of paint down off, other than just taking the usual way that everybody else does in
every other city in the planet.
You just take a broom and sweep the stuff off there as hard as it'll go.
And it'll go pretty hard if you want it to.
Oh, you hit it hard enough, it'll vaporize and just go into orbit.
And produce a new superhero in its wake.
But usually you don't do it that hard, because Cleveland Heights won't let you do it.
It's against the rules.
You can't get a permit.
They'll send somebody out to complain with a clipboard and act very seriously.
And he's talking, you know, this is forbidden in the city of Cleveland Heights.
Right.
Everything is, just about.
Except cohabitation.
Shaving.
Oh, he's just cohabitating all over the place.
I can tell.
Abdomen and leg shaving is forbidden.
Or...
Never mind.
I'm sorry.
So, anyway, how long have we been...
Dave, are you shaving your knees again?
Yes, I am.
I don't know how you do that.
Really?
I don't know why you do that, really.
It's silly.
No one cares about your hairy knees.
I can rub secret emollients into my skin and fabricate new worlds to dream upon.
It's mine, don't you see?
It's mine.
Mine.
It's mine.













It's mine.


Your knee?
My knee.
What about my knee?
I don't have enough my knee.
That is tiny.
I want more my knee for my knee.
My knee hurts.
The only thing that will make me feel better is money.
So help up, knee.
This is a good time to help the Church of the Subgenius and poor old Reverend Stang with
my knee.
Yeah, my knee hurts.
So you can come and rub my knee.
I don't have to shave it.
There's no hairs on my legs.
I'm so old.
It just all fell off.
Bald.
It's sad when you don't have any.
I saw a person with a lot of hairy legs on their knees,
and I was just amazed at how little I had over the last past century.
Spider-knee people.
Spider-knee people.
Spider-knee people.
Hey, speaking of spider-knee people,
I'm going to take Princess Wee to the Texas State Fair.
She's never been, and I haven't been there in 15, 20 years.
I'm very excited.
I'm going to show her the mutant livestock and the giant mutant po-buckers
and the giant mutant American po-buckers and just all kinds.
And giant mutant crafts, arts and crafts and stuff.
I can't go on any of the rides.
But the arachnid show is becoming famous across the United States.
They're reporting it on national news.
No, they outlawed them.
I mean, even in Texas.
You can't have arachnid shows.
You can't show real normal mutants for money.
Well, they're just introducing it in the rest of the country or something
because they just heard a little program about arachnid,
and there'll be all kinds there, and they'll all be alive,
and they'll be, you know, stuff like that there.
I think it might be Pennsylvania.
No, I think you're talking about our shed out back.
That's pretty.
Well, I don't know.
That describes the shed out back.
You smoke some boneless meat out there, too.
You smoke lots of spider if you want, if you're mean, if you're that mean.
Yeah, I'll smoke anything, man.
Most of them are harmless.
I'm sorry, Martin.
No, I mean, if they're not venomous, you can smoke them.
Yep, that's what I heard.
I mean, you've got to dry them out first.
Kind of crumble them up a bit.
What if you were a pig, and you were pretending to be a cowboy,
and you're sitting around the campfire at the night wearing a pair of sunglasses,
and everybody's kind of looking at you funny like,
is that a real cowboy person, or is that a pig with sunglasses?
What if?
That is, you know, what if?
Dave should have a TV show called What If?
There's a Todd Rundgren song devoted to that subject, exactly.
What if?
Does he have a pig wearing sunglasses fooling a bunch of cowboys?
No, I don't think so.
No.
I believe so.
That's the kind of thing you'd see on a silly cartoon show.
Meridian Leeward.
Yes, that's the song.
Meridian Leeward.
Oh, I love that nautical terminology.
It makes me feel so feisty and American, you know.
I want to say, carve it down, lads.
Carve it down.
Or something, you know.
Yes.
That's not Portuguese either, by the way.
That's not Portuguese.
Have you seen the white whale?
Have you been the white whale?
Ah, boy.
You could certainly do a lot of whale jumping nowadays, you know what I mean?
Which way the world is going politically, I might add.
Well, the way the world's going physically, partly as a result of the politically part,
and the way everything's going to hell in a handbasket, a flaming handbasket.
Of course, if you're going to hell in a flaming handbasket, you kind of fit in.
That's, you know, natural.
Right.
Perfectly natural, you know, but with methane literally boiling out of the Arctic, you know,
I think it's all going to happen a little bit quicker than even I was thinking.
Because I was thinking, I'm not going to live to see any of the really bad stuff.
Now I'm thinking, good Lord, you know, I might very well live to see some of the really bad stuff.
But not for long.
Because when it's really bad, it'll just kill everybody.
Where are all the birds hiding?
Because I just heard a thing saying that 30% or one-third of the birds in, I think it was Ohio,
I hope it's not the whole United States.
No, it's the whole United States.
They're endangered.
They're saying, you know, it could be down to one-third as many types of birds 50 years from now.
I can't believe it.
If the temperature, average temperature goes up.
If it goes down or up, you know, up more than 1.5 degrees.
That sounds a little hinky to me.
I think birds are a bit more adaptable than that.
But when you combine the warming, which, of course, doesn't make everything warmer.
It makes some places colder because it changes the Gulf Stream.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And, you know, the acid rain and buildup of gases in the atmosphere.
And the...
Loss of habitat due to development.
Well, yeah.
All the forests.
That's a big one right there.
The forests and everything burning up.
And the permafrost melting, which is going to not only release enough methane to poison the ocean,
and some of the air, but it also can release frozen woolly mammoths, giant mutant woolly rhinoceroses,
giant mutant sloths, giant mutant cave subgeniuses,
giant mutant cave bigfoots.
I mean, we're...
No, no.
In the permafrost, just in the dirt in the Arctic and the Antarctic, both.
I know.
Oh, that's funny you should mention that.
We've...
saw so many woolly bears while we were packing yes that young man this young man was that we
hired to help us pack and be my spine uh he was fascinated by the bears and he found oh i'd say a
dozen he couldn't believe one day yes what did those turn into where you could be stepped on
and i haven't seen hardly any what what kind of what did those turn into like werewolves or
wasps or octopuses what i mean they're caterpillars right i think that's the entire
that's the entire limits of their existence that's a wait a minute no they got to turn
into some some winged thing or else it's just a little thing oh don't look it up then i don't
care you don't want to believe me i'm sorry i can't i don't have one of those devices well
well all of our
all got our own devices the so-called woolly bear caterpillar becomes the isabella tiger moth
we haven't noticed any shortage here uh of grasshoppers oh goodness scorpions brown
reckless spiders tarantulas the cactus cactus is perfectly most of the cactus are healthy
baby dragons and reproducing buzzards
yeah coyotes
and and zombie deer of course we get the you've heard about the zombie deer right
oh yeah they get hit like numerous times they keep on trying to cross the road
yeah yeah they drool and they can't be stopped yeah it's gross really gross it's not funny
either because it's it's actually spreading quite fast why i say i saw a deer throwing
itself into a barbed wire fence over and over again
poor yesterday morning is that yesterday it was yesterday i spent all day today carving trails
they're wonderful restoring trails in the grass with my gas powered trimmer that i had to repair
eight times and then he took the dogs and the princess for a walk it was wonderful i showed
off all the new trails they're same old trails but see if you don't have the trails the in the
woods the the
branches reach out and scratch you and snare you and snare your hair except for you dave and uh and
they in the grass the the snakes hide and horny toads hump on you and uh the birds that get all
over your bare legs and your shorts and chiggers and red ants and blue ants oh the actually we
you know we don't have the chiggers now you miss the chiggers
princess
and we said lucky enough luckily we don't have ticks except i still have four ticks that i got
from philo's farm in kentucky he's got the tick farm we have a paper wasp and red harvester ant
farms mostly mostly i poisoned some fire ants yesterday yes he did and we did and we're gonna
poison a wasp nest tonight although i god i hate to do it they're so beautiful they're such
lovely animals
they're majestic to me wait a minute i've never heard you talk they're huge and majestic they're
yeah they're real big red wasps but they are fierce and uh we have a relative that could die
from a sting yeah they're not aggressive the yellow jackets are terribly aggressive what
happened to my background bucolic music stopped hours ago probably so i don't know anything
i haven't heard a murmuring in in the last half an hour i hear a kind of a borborygmus
sound that comes from either your phone or my phone or something
i'm not hearing any phone noise i could hear you know because i'm actually holding the phone to my
mouth sometimes it'll go up sometimes it'll go down and you can hear it real good oh yeah i know
i'm acutely aware of that it sounds it doesn't sound cute okay okay come on
but there's no i'm struggling with the this remote control on a dvd player just trying to play a cd
i'm not trying to get pictures out of it boy i hear the strangest
sounds in the background weird rumbling perhaps perhaps you're having those
the ghost in the machine you hear kind of a fluttering uh-huh that's the fart so that's
the fart effect
oh is that something that's a feature of your phone no it's a feature of your phone you haven't
even looked at it yet well they did update two days ago it updated itself it's like they
reproduced themselves you know it sheds its skin and it's suddenly a bunch of stuff looked
different and i didn't know how to do things anymore i had to learn new ways i hate that
i hate that too that's why i had to remind you sternly please please be aware of everything
at all times but but dave what's your opinion on that i don't know i don't know i don't know
what should what should the kids and the listeners and us do about all the problems that we're that
are facing not only american society and canadian and english-speaking societies but just about
everywhere what do we do about these these horrendous challenges do we post on facebook
and show how virtuous we are yeah that would be a good one that's i think that's what everybody's
doing
fights with the other whoever they're getting you know people who aren't enough like them
secretly mean sounding names like well you're a busy grodner you know he knows what a busy
i've gotten into real bad i've been gotten in trouble for just not just for not hating somebody
as much as i was supposed to be hating him according to somebody else who then started
hating me because i didn't hate their hatred i mean their their other hated person enough
to be a bad person and we're going to have to get started with the latest news

yeah well you know what it's getting it's very confusing especially with the last five statutes
the ones that they carved most recently out of you know it's like at my age
i don't look at life as a bunch of other people's faults that i have to correct
i look at all of that as something that's put here for my entertainment well you are right in assuming that i mean sometimes it doesn't work out and then everything collapses that's well yeah when i had that pinched

nerve a month ago, I wasn't that philosophical at all. I wanted to die. I thought I was going
to die within a year. I thought, okay, that's it. My back is just falling apart. I've got
osteonecrosis or something, and I've got cracks all up and down my spine. Every time I pick up
a cup of coffee, I'm going to get a new broken spine bone, a crack in my spine. It's going to
be incredibly painful. There's reason for me to be that paranoid due to some family history.
As it turns out, I just have arthritis, big deal. I just moved a house. But I spent the last three
days trimming high grass, and I think it's good for my old back. Exercise is good. It hurts like
hell as soon as I stop.
I wake up in the morning, it's insanely painful. But as long as I keep forcing myself to move
constantly and work and slave and toilet things, then my back doesn't hurt.
Goodness, the work that you got done is amazing. I really enjoyed walking.
I don't have any choice. I'm like that guy in that movie Crank. If I stop stimulating myself
insanely and expressively, I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die.

I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to

I'll die. My heart will explode. Those are cool movies, by the way, Dave. There's Crank and Crank
2. That's the theme. This guy has to keep doing crazy stuff, or he'll die. They're so much fun.
They are fun.
Yeah.
Even I enjoy it.
Yeah, the second one, I'll go ahead and do a spoiler. The second one ends with the guy
walking straight towards the camera, shooting the finger at the audience,
while his face is on fire.
That's the last shot of the movie
before it cuts to the loud rock music.
Walking towards the camera,
shooting the finger at the audience
with his face in flames.
He's got a huge grin.
Now, is it that weird green fire
that the guys like Sturmey and Wacky
from Pittsburgh use?
You know what I mean?
The garden variety sideshow
through the Sturmey-Hedrickson breach?
Oh, you can still get burned real bad with that.
No, this is painted on computer fire.
You know, they're not going to burn up
what's-his-name, the actor.
You know, the famous, super famous actor.
What's his name?
Jason something, I think.
Argonauts, right?
Jason Argo.
I don't know, one of those Jason guys.
Not Jason Momo.
He's a Brit.
Not the long-haired biker Aquaman guy.
He's a Brit.
Yeah.
British action guy.
Whatever.
Anyway, yeah, that's a sign of Alzheimer's
when you can't remember the names of popular actors.
However, it's a sign of health
when you can look him up on IMDAB real fast
and go, oh, yeah, that guy.
What's his name?
Yeah, but it might breed a whole breed of compatriots
who think that you can't access anything
if you don't have a device around.
You can't.
What are you going to do?
Go to a payphone?
Read a newspaper?
Can't access a movie without electronic devices.
I did.
That's why my back was broken.
I carried this damn T-Act reel-to-reel four-track
all the way from Texas to Ohio and back again.
And with a few side trips in Little Rock
to record Doctors for Bob.
It's a true story.
Mm-hmm.
At New Year's.
Horrible night.
My father-in-law died at the same moment.
Anyway, that was a different father-in-law.
Yeah.
Yeah, I have a lot of old analog equipment
and I don't know why I'm keeping it exactly.
And I've got all the analog media.
That's why I had to build a shed,
insulate it, and put two air conditioners in it
to keep all the analog media.
Mostly reel-to-reel.
VHS and cassettes.
Some Betamax.
Some 35mm film.
Quite a bit of 8mm film.
Mimeographs.
Ditto reproduced documents.
I just heard somebody refer to a...
Stone tablets.
CD player.
You know, bark.
Papyrus.
We've got papyrus.
We've got movies animated on handmade...
Made papyrus by prehistoric Indians.
Little movies.
They were like pictographs.
Simple animations.
You'd have to blink while the medicine man
pulled the pictures haltingly down.
Only they went up.
Unlike movie film which goes downwards.
They went up.
Is it like a scrabble board where you twirl with your thumb
and it shows a little girl taking a ride in a vomit train?
Or a little boil?
Yeah.
It doesn't matter, Dave.
We shouldn't have to even think about that kind of gendery stuff.
That's sick.
To even use the word gender is kind of twisted.
There must be some new word that doesn't offend people.
Just kind of gives me the creeps just saying the word gender.
Yeah, if you say it enough...
You get in trouble.
I'm not saying it's a bad word.
It's serious trouble if you make a slightest mistake.
With some people.
Some people.
What do you mean why?
Subgeniuses respect all five sexes.
But there are only five.
And if anyone invents a sixth one, they must die.
No, I'm just kidding.
That's just a funny joke.
It's a take off on fascism.
It's supposed to...
See, when you laugh at the enemy,
you deflate them in the eyes of others and themselves.
So satire is a powerful tool against the man.
So when you act like a jerk,
you're really making fun of the jerk, so it's okay.
As Bob said,
but we're only offending idiots.
He was right, too.
What's wrong?
We're only offending idiots.
I don't think anything truer has ever been said other than,
we're only offending idiots.
Well, at the same time, though,
I must quote Dr. Argus Fox.
He said the truest thing,
it just sums up the human condition,
for me, anyway.
He said, he just blurted out one day,
I'm not a rebel, I'm just an idiot.
He said it with such vehemence.
And I felt like he was speaking for me.
I'm not really a rebel, I'm just an idiot.
Okay, well...
Well, it's kind of true.
It's going around.
You know, really, if we truly look in the mirror,
if we, you know,
if we see not just what people say to our face,
but behind our back,
we're not really rebels, we're just idiots.
Although we prefer the term subgenius.
That's a much more polite, you know,
idiot, the I-word.
That's kind of offensive.
Kind of triggers me.
When I was a kid, being called that by my father repeatedly.
Uh-huh.
Well, and as a 30-year-old, and as a 60-year-old,
being called the I-word by my subgenius father.
What's the I-word again?
Idiot.
I don't like to say it, the I-word.
For subgeniuses, that's a, it hurts, you know.
It's from the day.
It reminds us of when we were held down.
Well, we still are.
It reminds us that we're still held down.
Subgenius is respectful.
Idiot is put down.
So anyway, I think we've done enough of an hour.
You know, I'll have to do the credits later
for if I play any music or whatever,
because I don't know what's going to be.
I just started the show.
I know.
I didn't, Tarzan's wasn't even set up
when I sat down at this table.
None of this stuff here was plugged in
to where it's supposed to go, but it was ready.
Just like at X Day.
You know, it was like I'd gotten everything out,
and I'd done everything but the final plug-in.
So I even had the plugs near where they plug into.
And I got it all going, and I panicked
because it didn't work.
And then I fixed the one thing that didn't work,
and then it was okay.
And then I thought, well, I'll call Dave
and see if it works.
And then we were doing show all of a sudden.
And that was almost an hour ago.
Yeah.
Now there's a purring sound that sort of sounds like
someone has a card in the room.

And it's in the wheel of the spokes of their bike.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I have that in my tree, in my tree fort,
but my bike's in the basement.
Oh, you know what I think it is, Princess Wee?
No.
It's at the back of my throat.
There's that little fluttery thing.
Uh-huh.
It's just fluttering.
You think that's it?
It's coming through my mic.
I see.
Metallic shards.
Oh, yeah.
It got louder when you opened your mouth.
Yeah.
Well, aren't you a Labrador retriever and a half?
What's your name?
I'm a Labrador.
Way to go, simpleton.
You know, I think that's quite remarkable.
The sun just came out again.
I'm being blinded.
But it looks great behind Princess Wee.
It makes her hair glow.
She's glowing like a space princess or a radioactive monster.
And we do have a nuclear power plant out the window.
I'm not actually looking at it from this window,
but if I walked over the other window,
I would be looking at the Comanche Peak Nuclear Power Plant,
two cooling towers.
Twin towers.
Yep.
So we don't have to worry about losing power.
I mean, we could still lose electrical power,
but it'll always glow.
Did you hear what they're doing in Ohio?
What they're doing to make the taxpayers pay for keeping the nuclear power plants afloat
because they're losing money?
They're not producing enough power and enough revenue.
And so they've, and guess who they, they decide to be the enemy,
where it's like, if you, if you sign the petition against it,
you're supporting the Chinese.
I couldn't believe it.
So you obviously haven't heard of it either yet.
Yeah.
Well, no.
Well, I'm not getting Ohio news anymore because I fled.
No, it was going on while you're, it's been going on for a year now.
Kind of reached ahead when you were here, actually.
It was a topic we could have discussed on previous shows even.
But they're asking the Ohio taxpayers to take on the cost of...
Yeah, to fix the, to, yeah, to pay for the mistakes of a bunch of rich guys.
That's nothing new.
Exactly, yes.
Yeah, get everybody to pay for the mistakes of some rich guys.
Yep.
Yeah, funny how that works, isn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah, just not funny, ha ha.
Well.
Well.
Well.
Well, hell.
Well, hell.
Well, hey, hey, I know.
What we need to do is get rich.
So, friends, you should look at, oh no, I can't tell them that on the broadcast radio.
Friends, you can look at subgenius.com on the internet.
It's got interesting things to see, say, and do, and hear, including pretty much every,
you can, you can hear every hour of Slack now, I think.
David Bochner and Steve Siddick had access to the, my master cassette tapes, starting
with hour of Slack number one from 1985, and they copied them all to MP3.
The ones that, that Bochner hadn't already done in the 90s.
So, basically, every one that we have a copy of is online.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's an amazing project.
There was some that I didn't do.
There was a time when I was actually working far away, and Willa Dobbs, my employee, would
do shows.
But he mainly just played music.
He didn't rant.
And anyway, okay, that was, that was the olden days.
I actually remember that now.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
So, so Dave, oh, yeah, Neighbor World, Dave's book.
You can, you can, you can, you can find Dave's book, Neighbor World.
It's spelled Neighbor World.
Your auto spell will try to turn it into two words, but it is in fact one word.
And it's got a picture by Dave on the front and a picture of Dave by Tori on the back.
Mm-hmm.
Or Apostasy Fenord, I should say.
Fenord.
Did the portrait of Dave.
Yeah.
Which we have in our room.
That's nice.
We had to take it down, in fact, to put your new file cabinet there.
I know.
So we've got to put it in a new place.
We'll find a new place for it.
A new place for the Dave face.
Yes.
Okay, Dave.
It's exciting, at least exciting.
Amen.
I didn't mean to laugh at the Lithuanian there.
I'm sorry.
You were signing off or some way.
Well, I was advertising your book Neighbor World.
I remember that.
And which is, you can learn about it.


Do because I'll leave the link in the chat box.





Yeah, at subgenius.com.
Yes and no remembering lonesome proceeds.
No, remember no chin go fund me.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Lonesome.
It needs for friends and life and there is, ok.
We're ending the broadcast show right now.
Good bye everyone
Jarrett wake up.
because we're gonna talk about details on the internet version now.
But you can't hear it.
But you on the internet can.
I can't beg for money on the radio like I did on Facebook the other day.
And the sad thing is, Dave, I posted this little short.
I was trying to be kind of easygoing about it.
But I actually literally didn't have enough money in PayPal after this move and paying for two houses.
I didn't have enough money for postage to mail the CDs right then.
And I begged one person to buy one $40 thing.
And only five people, no, seven people responded.
So I cried like a baby.
And then I got a flood of orders.
Everybody was, all the bobbies that never sent a penny and been on Facebook subgenius pages for years.
Finally, well, about 20 of them finally.
Did what they'd been saying they were going to do for 10 years.
Wow.
Yeah.
So it solved our problem for a month.
We're subgenius rich again.
That means we'll have to do this again in a month.
Oh, God.
Unless the house sells.
Buy that house.
No, I can't say that.
Learn of that house.
It's got a for sale sign in front of it.
Email me.
I'll tell you the realtor's name.
That's the way it's done.
Yes.
Friends, there is a GoFundMe for Dave.
And Dave really, really needs money.
I was literally just trying to get $40 in my PayPal account.
But I'm not in dire straits.
I'm surrounded by family.
And this house we're in is paid for.
It's just the other one's not.
But Dave needs help.
And if any of you who helped us or didn't yet, help Dave instead.
And that GoFundMe link is on subgenius.com on the radio page.
It says radio, HOS, Hour of Slack.
Click on that.
And there's the GoFundMe link for Dave to help Dave.
There's also one for Reverend Susie the floozy that's been there forever.
But Dave's is further near the top because it's newer.
And I can guarantee you that I'll be very ungrateful just like I always am.
Yeah.
He helps out.
Princess, did you talk to Dave about the band?
I did not yet get to.
I left a message.
Bob Mosick wants to have an ESO reunion.
At Starwood 40.
That's next summer in July.
He wants to have an ESO band reunion.
I don't know who's going to play Chaz.
I'm sure that Bob has someone in mind.
But it would be Bob, Dave, and Michelle at least.
Yes.
And there'd have to be some keyboard.
Maybe Ron Slade.
Ron Slade, maybe.
Maybe.
He doesn't do that rocking kind of thing.
He'll probably have Michelle's mate, Mark.
I can't say his last name.
Well, anyway.
Very long and complicated.
Friends, yeah, there's some exciting news for you.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yes.
An Einstein Secret Orchestra reunion.
Well, minus Professor Chaz at Starwood.
And Dave's book, Neighbor World.
And Dave's begging.
And, of course, our begging, too.
We're all begging, Stan.
We've got the alms bowl right in front of us.
We're waiting for the next guy to give us a candle and a couple rupees, you know?
Yeah.
I was begging for Sterno a couple of years ago.
Yeah.
Because he was really, really sick.
Yeah.
I remember when he had holes in his body.
Yeah.
For real.
Well, they took a...
The exus came and took one of his...
An entire kidney.
Yes.
Yeah.
I gripe about my back hurting, but I haven't lost any big parts yet.
So, anyway.
Yeah, friends.
Subgenius.com has everything.
And for those of you who...
Wait a minute.
If you're not on the internet, then there's no way you're hearing this, so it's pointless
to give the address.
But I will anyway.
Anyway.
It's Subgenius at Post Office Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
Yeah.
Box 807.
That's a simple one.
Glen Rose is two words.
And it's a sleepy, weird little town.
Kind of like Twin Peaks crossed with Northern Exposure, crossed with Gunsmoke.
Gunsmoke.

Boy, that noise from my throat is getting louder and louder.
It is.
I should probably quit.
What else were we supposed to advertise or sell or cheer somebody up?
There's all kinds of terrible tragedies out there.
Everybody's...
That's one thing I learned when I was begging for money.
This is the brokest anybody's been.
Everybody is.
People are really, really, really...
What Bleepo said, it was something like this.
Everybody's broker.
They're doing better than I've ever seen them before.
Not everybody.
The rich, of course, are doing better than ever.
But everybody else is right on the edge.
So you're saying that our beloved president, a man of formidable value, is taken upon and
treated upon to somehow rob the American people?
Oh, I'm not blaming him.
I'm not blaming him.
He's just a symptom of the control of the...
Mangled for air people.
Basically, the education of America.
The education of America by a bunch of rich fucks is what it amounts to.
Rich fucks have dumbified America rather consciously, I think.
I'm beginning to think that it was kind of a policy.
They've dumbified Americans to the point where they're easier to control with simple, stupid
slogans.
Act like a dumb shit and they will treat you as an equal.
And that's how you get along on the job, kids.
Act like a dumb shit.
Don't try to tell the boss.
Don't try to tell the boss what he's doing wrong.
That doesn't work.
Even if you're right, it's the wrong thing to do.
It's the way people are.
When you become a boss, kid, you'll be the same way.
That's the horror and that's what we mean by the conspiracy.
One of a million things that we mean by the conspiracy.
Including when the bus is late.
As Onan put it.
That's a really good description.
We've got to get away from this fluttering noise.
Listen to that.
What's the fluttering noise?
I'm not hearing on this end of the ear.
Oh, it's fluttery.
It's really fluttery.
It sounds like a card in the spokes of your bicycle wheel.
Here, I'm going to turn Dave down.
Still there.
Uh oh.
It's not Dave.
Nope.
It's not Dave.
I would say Tarzan has eaten-
Okay, man.
Okay, man.
I'm glad we're back to doing shows again.
Me too.
You too.
