Tobacco's annual sales equal the sales of television sets, radios, records and musical instruments combined.
And are half again larger than the...
So genius! Our all's work!
Put another way, six farm families receive tobacco to make cigarettes.
They are capable of making five cigarettes a minute. That's more than 80 a second.
A significant part of American tobacco and tobacco products is shipped. That's symbolic of our tobacco industry.
Hello, hello Lucifer and his brother Jesus and his followers the demons.
Negro goddess wives on a planet, endless celestial sex.
By maintaining the...
...a rigid direction, Lucifer and his brother Jesus.
Time to have sex.
Hello, hello, hello, hello direct manhood and his followers the demons.
Gave him a physical, supposed, supposed, supposedly, endless celestial sex.
Shit. Shit, man.
You're listening to Dobbs on the Family.
Dobbs will be a guest on tonight's...
...program which runs on the Dobbs channel at 9 pm Eastern.
Oh, that's amazing and I'm excited.
But I have no clue.
clue. Vicki began to notice that there was a big gap. If you will. So I feel really afraid. Very
real. They're teaching PowerPoint classes. Go berserk. Sexual temptation. Instant gratification
that comes. Posing topless on the beach. It just seems hopeless to me. Porn pop-ups. And I could
not breathe. Pornographic images and what they do. What they do. What they do. Hardcore pornography.
I would love that. I would love that. You spend a lot of time coming, coming. I can imagine you're
pretty. It's shaping up very good. Come, come. But I think it's very important that we be engaged.
Coming, coming. Well, you'll be there. Gary Jackson. Bop, bop, bop, bop. It's going to be a
very exciting weekend. Saturday night, we have a gay event honoring our good friend Bob Dobson.
It's going to be a great event.
Well, I'm rather embarrassed about that. It's going to be a great event. Filling up rapidly.
Coming, coming. Now, party. Party. And as of right now, you have more than 2,000 people coming.
They'll have an opportunity. Harry Jackson. I love you. Dangerous criminal pedophiles can
access that. Oh, you're absolutely right. Porn pop-up. The online pornography. Come clean. I
want to do more. I gay. I gay. And by the way. I want to do more. Well, what kind of a gag are
you going to pull on us now, Blackstone?
A handkerchief trick ought to be appropriate, shouldn't it? Oh, that's impossible. On the
contrary. Now, just you watch. Here's my own handkerchief. I'll shake it out so you can see
there's nothing concealed inside of it. It's good enough for me. Now, Rhoda, fold it over several
times. All right. How's that? That's fine. Now, may I have it, please? Here. All right,
now. I'll give you the handkerchief. Here, try it yourself. There it is, all in one piece.
How in the world did you ever do it? Oh, that's pretty good. And the best part of it all is...
Until next time, goodbye. That's what you always say.
Reverend Ivan Stang here on Hour of Slack number 1126. And by the time you hear this, I will be
with Princess We Are Doe and Dr. Howell and Ragnar and Pope Black and Pope Mickey Finn and Pope
Phil Monty and various other insane Euro subgeniuses at the Amsterdam Divi Vals, sponsored by
Joseph, Daddy of Jesus. I always want to call him Daddy Joseph of Jesus. Anyway,
so I'm preparing these shows as fast as I can in advance, because when I come back from Amsterdam,
there's a good chance that I won't be able to talk at all for several months or even edit
audio. So this show and probably the next one, which will be a rerun of a really ancient show,
um, we'll just...
Just... These are our way of buying slack. And what I'm going to let this show become
for the next half hour is a short story about Bob by Reverend John Shirley, the famous sci-fi
writer, author of the recent book, The Other End. And he's narrating his own short story,
1996-1997.
Which was in the anthology, Three-Fisted Tales of Bob. Now Three-Fisted Tales of Bob is temporarily
out of print, but that was a book we put out in the late 80s with stories by Robert Anton Wilson
and even William Burroughs, all kinds of famous people, including John Shirley. And Reverend
Modermack has been putting together a sort of a fan audiobook project. I read the book, and I read
all of my novella, The Third Fist, for that project. And a few people have read stories by other
subgeniuses from that book. But so far the most hour of slack-worthy, friends, is John Shirley's
story, presented here with music by his son, an ordained subgenius. So here it is, 1996-1997,
1998. Praise Bob. And praise John.
One nine nine six, one nine nine seven, one nine nine eight, by Reverend John Shirley.
She was a small, soft thing, walking in the shadow of great hard things, under the sullen
gray sky of a November morning. She was in North Central California, in the middle of

the middle of the desert, and she was quite alone. She was little Connie Depth Charge, taking a walk
into the year 1996. That's how she thought of it. Every second she reasoned took her further into
the year, and the year was unfolding around her, bleak and relentless, pervading this edifice of
decay. The year 1996 was a place, Connie thought. This time is a place. Not all times are places.
Not so you'd notice, but this one was.
Connie was nine years old, until this year she had perceived the world as a sort of efflorescence
blossoming symmetrically out from her. She had imagined herself at the center of it.
Now she saw that the world had no center, or none visible. Perhaps there was some great
sucking whirlpool of events somewhere, like the black hole in that old Disney movie she
panned in the videocassette section of her column for weekly reader.
The column was called The Cinematic Bitch, and now that the children's newspaper had gone yellow
tabloid with blaring headlines like, My Mom Has Sex With A Vacuum Cleaner And I'm Like So Embarrassed,
it had room for little Connie's penetrating, if spiteful, analyses.
Connie was thinking about these things as she walked along the weed-thatchy railroad tracks.
She was walking through the old industrial park. It was closed today.
Much of it had been closed continuously since the dream plagues.
The smokestacks were streaked with rust, marbled with cracks. The acid rains had pitted the
gray and black walls of the monolithic buildings squatting on both sides of her.
She liked to walk here because the place had a dreary, pleasantly obtuse cinema verite
quality that she found reassuring. It had no affect. It could be trusted, she thought.
She was weary of the unpredictable since the dream plagues, since the war of the weirdos,
since the jarring sight of the people spinning by overhead high on anti-gravity drugs.
Here at least there were no surprises.
A lizard surprised her by scuttling from a hole. It seemed too cold for lizards to be
about.
The lizard with a leathery sizzle here and there.


Gone.
Then another, darting from another hole. And another. And then the warm-blooded things.
Rats and mice oozing from holes in the ridges of cinders to either side of the rusty tracks,
shimmying from the cracks in the dusty foundations of the old factories.
Small living things moving like a fear hormone through this industrial vein.
Scrambling randomly about, ignoring her.
And she read the signs.
The signs for what they were.
She could feel it herself then.
Felt it in the soles of her feet.
In that spot.
The place in her foot that mother said contained a gland of some kind.
Poor crazy mama.
Poor dead mama.
Mama had insisted on a coffin shaped and painted like a Masters of the Universe lunchbox.
It was like so embarrassing.
But it was her funeral.
Staggering to remain upright.
Little Connie felt the need to be a little more. She was a little more. She was a little
more.
Little Connie ignored the gaps and cr decentralization that lay beneath her feet.
Mainly because the cupboard around the extruder was getting wet.
Mullen's expecting her to come out the door.
Little Connie took her Saturday lunch and took her soap.

Little Connie saw the 변 industry escalated from the first floor where we lived, sending
her lead to spin the elevator away again.
teh boy came out of it.


Seeing the people for a long time making pale looks, she quickly began toach her plate misgivings of

It was Tac populace and fish Carecum and formulau un plan.
It ended up sounding more a ha, but tinyще Stepple as the North between��
schools in the cultural center, the big coda, Center for old families and especially the
a storm in the earth. Weather underfoot and swaying, she sought to find its groove, the
way her mother had taught her. Every storm has a groove, Mama had said. But then the
buildings began to move. They weren't falling. They weren't caving in. They were moving toward
one another. The newer ones were moving faster, she noticed. They were moving with an impossible
ease, sailing the ground like ships across water, either making the earthquake or made
to move by the earthquake, thunderous but absurdly graceful, like improbably swift icebergs
coming together, and she was going to be caught between them. But still the terror refused
to come. She wondered at its absence. Perhaps she was numb, perhaps resigned to death. She
was alone in the world.
Why not?
Closer. The buildings sailed across the open ground, plowing up the gravel, coming corner
first like a prow making a wake in the dirt, raising fantails of dust, shrieking with a
grind of metal and concrete like a ghost in chains.
Closer. Looming over her, she could smell friction, see sparks rising like spray from
the prow of these industrial ships.
Closer. Maybe all this was hallucination, she told herself. But the dream plagues were
over, and she knew what that felt like. Hallucinations had a distinctive quality.
Closer. No. This was no dream, she knew. As a chunk of rock, smashed by one onrushing
building against another, flew apart and a fragment hit her cheek. It stung nastily and
blood ran along her jawline. Closer. No. This was real. She thought it was a dream, but it


objectively real
the buildings loomed over her
and then the corners of the buildings
had pushed past her on either side
grinding the railroad steel
into tangled ribbons
that whipped through the air
she dodged a cobra of torn steel
and staggering in the shock waves
crackling the ground
she stepped into the interstice
between the two crumbling prows
where outthrust bulkheads
passing one another
made a sort of alleyway
a few feet wide
the buildings stopped moving
cacophony gave way to eerie silence
she waited breathless
as the dust settled
the buildings on either side
had moved together
leaving only a few gaps here and there
like the gaps between wrongly fitted
jigsaw puzzle pieces
she was safe in one of these
for the moment
the buildings had moved very deliberately
she thought
not like things nudged
by something
some geologic randomness
who is moving them?
why?
she knew it wasn't over
she could feel it
that's when the smokestacks tilted over
and began to snake toward one another
she watched as overhead
a set of smokestacks
from two separate buildings
met mouth to mouth
and somehow locked together
the tortured metal squealed
the windows of the buildings shattered
Connie ducked flying shards of oily glass
as sections of machinery
thrust themselves through windows
and moved click clack
stickily through the windows
and the smoke stack's neck
creaking
creak creak
together
locking into unity
like the smokestacks
sections of pipe and wire
and gauges and robotic arms
and struts and more wire
and tubing and gears and cogs
and the rollers from conveyor belts
and metal hooks and stamping units
and stainless steel presses
and a thousand intricate variations
of metal and plastic and rubber entered
the things she couldn't identify
self animated
they began to rewire
and construct themselves
grinding and caterwauling and
moaning and sparking in the process
making a maze like roof of odd machine parts
a few feet over Connie's head
right this way little Connie
big sail on small favors
it was a man's voice
melodious and warm and a touch unctuous
but a voice to inspire confidence
she crawled toward the sound
under the writhing nest of living metal
half expecting to be caught up by the wires and pipes
forced into the roof of their rigid weave
crushed and incorporated in living death
no
she emerged from beneath the ceiling of the living unliving
and found herself on her knees before a doorway at the end of the alley
it was a cobwebby old back door of one of the factories
and standing in the open door was a sign shaped like a man
one of those cardboard cut out life size photos you see promoting things in a supermarket
but then it moved
and she saw it wasn't a sign
it was quite three dimensional and human
some quality of absolute emblematic expression
as if this man were only semiotics
some quality like that had made him seem artificial at first
looking at his face the fixed expression of faintly self deprecating glee
the drugged eyes and idiotic grin
the unwavering diagonal of the ordinary brown pipe
clenched in teeth so white and even they all looked the same
the face looked of a piece
the perfect quizzical brows and immaculate swept back short black hair
looking up into that face she once more had the sense of emblem of semiotic absolutes
and then he spoke
his mouth moved
the pipe bobbed
some noxious herb in it
tracing a wavery line of blue smoke in the air
his head tilted but the expression remained the same
connie? he said
we have to move quickly
the proto time is upon us
am i right? you coming?
or do you prefer to die horribly by remaining here?
she blinked
he hadn't asked the question sarcastically or facetiously
it was as if he sincerely thought she might actually want to die horribly
as if it were a viable question
like would you prefer to take the train or a jet?
lead the way she said
they went through the door and behind her the buildings closed up the gaps
sidling and edging till they fit perfectly together
the right jigsaw puzzle pieces after all
the factory was reconstructing itself around them
it was merging with another factory
thesis antithesis synthesis
and the synthesis was the same
the process was heavy metal pandemonium
the feverish self redesigning was clearly guided conscious
but what consciousness was the guiding force
was a palpable mystery
connie could taste in her mouth
and smell in her nostrils
along with the stink of random lightning bolts
and the ancient scent of uneasy petroleum
and tortured metal and ozone
she walked in the lee of the briskly striding stranger
a tall man in a timeless suit
her eyes stung by the smoke from his pipe
they plunged through a mechanical armageddon
as machines threw themselves through the air at one another
but instead of crashing the machine sections merged perfectly
the machines that could not possibly have been designed to interface
somehow tilted and gyrated to interface
she thought again of puzzle parts
all this time the puzzle parts have lain about us on the table
and we didn't know they'd fit together to make
what?
sparks flew
smoke belched
wires whipped
pipes clanged
things flashed past
moved in a blur
in search of unity
a dance of death all around them
and somehow miraculously they walked through the gauntlet untouched
the man never seemed to look around
never seemed to watch where he was going at all
he just blundered through and somehow so far was unhurt
once a year before looking through the window of a factory
she'd seen a mouse running along the street
a mouse running along a conveyor belt
the conveyor belt carried bits of soft metal to stamping presses
that stamped the metal into dabney the poodle doorbell ringers
the mouse ran under the stampers and passed them
narrowly avoiding getting crushed five times before it leapt free
just the luck of the very stupid she thought
was that what was happening now?
not for everyone
she glimpsed people
maybe workmen
maybe caretakers
caught in the machinery
skewered and crushed like cockroaches in a garbage disposal
she couldn't bear to look
to think about it
she tried to think of something to talk to the man about
to get her mind off what she'd seen
how'd you know my name?
she asked
shouting it over the uneven racket of the place
it was written on your pstench
he shouted
I wiff read it
your mom had it coded into your DNA so I could find you
a lie
lunatic she thought
but he had saved her life
what's your name?
he stopped and turned to her
an enormous razor-edged pendulum of metal swept by in the spot he would have been in
had he kept going
it would have pulped him she thought
if I hadn't asked him his name just then
he thrust out a hand to her
like an encyclopedia salesman who'd come to the door once
mom had broken the guy's fingers
she shook his hand
feverishly warm
possibilities squirmed under the skin
the name is Dobbs
J.R. Bob Dobbs
you could hear the quotation marks around Bob
he turned and swept onward
plunging recklessly through the storm of flying metal
she followed trying not to look around
tasting the fear now
up ahead a conveyor belt was turned on her
taking cryptically shaped segments of crystal up an incline
toward the ceiling and through a hole in the roof
they stepped off the conveyor belt onto the roof
beside them the fist-sized irregular chunks of crystal fell off the belt
and rolled with effortless serendipity
to fit perfectly into irregular holes pocking the roof
to the left the expanse of tar paper was unbroken
Bob strode off to the edge of the roof
Connie followed
when she got there she saw with a flush of embarrassment
that he'd unzipped his pants and was peeing off the edge of the building
with his free hand he gestured sweepingly at the great world
behold the proto time
she gazed out over the city
the buildings on the strip beyond the edge of the industrial park
were moving and changing too
they were all franchises and chains of some sort
7-11
Soy Boy
Petro-Pup
In-N-Out
Pigeon Pie
Pioneer Chicken
Colonel Sanders
McDonald's
Carl's Jr
Horse Habit
Artifician Chips
and the discount department store chains
Kmart and Target and Bozo's Recycled Goods
and the other places like Kraghoff's Soviet Auto Parts
they were all moving together like a film of an explosion run backwards
leaping together or stumping on their signs
like they were crutches and falling together in some cryptic organization
that once achieved seemed natural and normal
because they all fit
Kmart fit together with Pioneer Chicken
and Petro-Pup fit with Carl's Jr.
and they locked together like machine parts
signs sticking into place in door slots
oddly angled roof peaks
fitting neatly into drive-in windows
all the jumble of architectural ineptitude she'd always wondered about
suddenly made sense
when they were locked together
and an uber building came about
the gestalt fruit of this fevered mating
an enormous quasi-crystalline structure
that reached out multicolored limbs of fiberglass and plastic
and impossibly flexible roofing tiles
to interface neatly with the reconstructed shapes of the industrial park
all of it becoming one thing
some minotaur-y self-contained environment
the clangor and roar of it resonated the surface of the planet
like a symbol
afraid, feeling so tiny in the sight of this mighty reconstruction
and seeing that Bob had put his majestic privates back in his pants
and zipped them up
little Connie took Bob's hand and moved close beside him
Bob, is it happening like this everywhere?
No, but it will happen everywhere unless we stop it little Connie
this is the prototime
the precursor to X-Day, Connie
the cons prep for July 5th, 1998
in this particular parallel universe
they're setting a trap for us
so we will be lost to those charismatic strangers from Planet X
when they arrive on Earth
a trap set by the conspiracy
and triggered by the malign sendings of the Yakut
Yakutisma!
what you're seeing is the conspiracy preparing the way
for the Yakutisma
not to be confused with the Yakutisma
who seek to prevent me from interceding with the X's
the conspiracy hid this one from us, Connie
they hid it from us using the power of the smog monster
who blanketed the Earth with toxic complacency
the poison spread through the air slowly, subtly and quickly
and we accepted them
the intelligent, so called, among humanity
found a thousand intelligent ways to rationalize them
so no one fought them
and they affected our minds
and made even those of us who see into the higher wire
a little blind
just enough so that they created a psychic smoke screen
enabling the conspiracy to plant their sub-molecular nanotechnological machinery
in the paint and insulation and plastics and lubricants of these structures
hence, this went unpredicted, little Connie
oh fuck, the smog monster fooled us all
for the smog monster is a sending of
Gdrogfron, the rebel god from deep space
with the uttering of this arcane name
his voice took on an amplified quality that
should have been possible only with recording studio equipment
I was driving to Klagov's soviet auto parts
to see if they had something that would work as a water pump for a 57 Studebaker
when I felt the sub-molecular conspirals of self-organizing quantum
mecha-vibrational systems in the material reality underpinnings
and knew we'd been snuggered
the smog monster is creating an enormous mechanized concentration camp
for the processing and subjugation of subgeniuses
and non-normals of all kinds
we should have guessed, seeing the franchises and chain stores
scab up around the periphery of the cities
like ringworm, like an encamped army behind us around us
tightening the noose, subjecting us to bombardments
of mind-numbing consumer conditioning symbols
I should have guessed they were simply preparing the ground for this
he paused to stuff a wad of multicolored herb into his pipe
somehow the pipe never quite went out as he did this
pumping, talking out the side of his mouth, chattering rapid fire
but offhandedly the whole time
lucky for you I came to investigate
lucky for you is a blessing dear child
that makes the mealy mouthed prayers of the holy father in the Vatican
smell like a doggy fart
my little Connie
all of this?
Connie looked out at the gigantic artifact building itself around them
is going to trap us?
in some kind of prison?
exactly!
a conspiracy concentration camp
a camp without guards
for it has a life of its own
it is its own guards
you talk just like my mom
Connie observed
did you know my mom, Betty Furness
she used to talk about the yakutisma
and used to say, not to be confused with yakutisma
just the same way you did
Bob turned to her and laid a hand on her head
ruffling her hair gently
yes, he said tenderly allowing ashes from his pipe to drop into her eyes
yes, I knew your mother Betty was
Betty was
he was interrupted by an explosion
there was a narrow section of ground
narrowing more as the concentration camp construct
creaked and shuddered nearer four stories beneath their roof edge
it had erupted
a fissure opening in it
to gout violet and sulfur yellow smoke that geysered upward
a furious spew that towered over them like a gin
and a sort of gin it was
little Connie and Bob staggered backwards
Bob had a quality about him of having planned to stagger or stumble
though he couldn't possibly have planned it
Connie clinging to Bob
choking in the stink of the thing
the rotten eggs mixed with semi-truck smoke gas chamber stench of it
as its rolling mass shaped into
it is the one
called Ah-Hoo-Gah
Bob shouted
the smog monster
you must not interfere with the gestation
came a voice from within the foul whirlwind
it was a voice belched from exhaust pipes and smokestacks
a voice without a muffler
try your famous luck out on death itself
and Ah-Hoo-Gah
swung toward them like a tornado
wielded as a hammer
as Bob grabbed Connie's hand and stumbled with her off the edge of the roof
she was falling
the earth rushed up at her
and then the earth was above her
the ground was a sort of ceiling she was falling up to
Bob was beside her
still holding her hand
his head thrown back
the pipe clenched in his teeth
gushing a locomotive cloud of blue and green sparkled smoke that surrounded them
and made her choke with its cloying incense
but somehow as she inhaled it
a certain ethereal clarity created a magnification lens for her perceptions
and she saw that Bob
through the medium of this envelope of smoke
was clearing a path of some sort for them
all of this she perceived in the half second it took her to realize
that it took them to fall upward to the ground
and then they struck the ground
which was despite appearing unyielding as concrete
a mist
an atomic illusion like all matter
mostly space
and the space came together around them so they passed harmlessly through and emerged
in the midst of a city
downward into an upside down city
the city was hung from above like one of those trick rooms
where the chairs are glued to the ceiling
the buildings were hung upside down
they fell past them
down toward the sky
and then her stomach flip flopped
followed by her perceptions as suddenly sky and ground changed places
and they were ascending levitating upward from the ground
they seized ascending alighting on the roof of a bus laying over a
on a corner where it had blocked traffic in the crosswalk
the driver unaware of them
smoked an angel dust joint and massaged his crotch
feeling detached and objective and weirdly bodiless
and yet not at all dreamy
dreamlike
Connie looked around and knew that the city had been vivisected for her
the skin of its consensus reality had peeled away
she saw now the pulsing inner organs of it
the skyn of its hidden organic relationships
and she recognized it all
where's the smog monster?
Connie asked
hundreds of miles from here Bob said
we took a shortcut through the luck plane
by the time the rebel guards find us it'll be too late
with luck
luck cuts both ways Bob
little Connie said
little Connie you were always too old for your age
Bob replied through his ceaseless grin
I was absent when you grew up and yet I was there
where two and three gather in my name there am I also
can you not feel my hands in your pockets
I love my own scriptures
notice anything about this place?
Connie was staring at a crowd of people
milling on the sidewalks of the great city
people on their way somewhere oblivious of the
abscissimus of sails and in charge atop the bus
and she saw now that a series of coruscating lines
were connecting some of the people in the crowd
they were like translucent puppet strings of energy
defining relationships the people in the crowd were entirely unaware of
they belonged to herds within the herd
to cultural phyla whose attributes governed what they
supposed to be their freewheeling impulses
and looking closer at those people she saw past their superficial semblances
saw them as they could not see one another as they really were
there were tall men who were dwarfs
and short men who were ten foot giants from hell
there were beautiful women who were revealed as twisted haridans
and hunchbacked shrunken old women
who were actually the stately winners of beauty contests
there were bankers who were actually dwarfs
there were giant worms with lamprey mouths
and there were smiling friendly cops
who were really werewolves in nazi uniforms
there was a priest who was a mincing drag queen
and there was a mincing drag queen who was a genius
of dizzying mathematical perceptions
she saw four men in tailored suits coming out of a hilton
approaching their forty foot eight wheeled limousine
they were surrounded by bodyguards who wore black suits and sunglasses
looking beyond their veneers
she saw that the men in the suits were hideous
slug bodied things of palpitating tendrils
and oozing suckers
hungry aliens with the mouths of giant horse flies
their bodyguards were robots she saw
things of sheer intent and nothing more
she shivered
and was grateful that Bob's psychic cloaking screen
protected her from being seen by these things
then Bob took her hand
and blew a plume of smoke above them
which somehow drew them with it into the air
like a sex changed and depraved Mary Poppins
Dobbs drew little Connie higher and higher into the sky
till they reached the thirteenth story level
there they drifted along
paralleling the impatient procession of traffic
gazing down at a whole new web of interrelationships
Connie saw from this greater height
the oscillating blueprint of the luck plane superimposed on the street
she saw which cars were likely to collide
but weren't necessarily destined to
and which were likely to make it home unscathed
she saw which individuals would fall in with drug addicts
and be sucked into the conditioning quicksand
and which would instead likely fall to a fundamentalist preacher
or the deadly programming of network television
she saw which ones would accidentally become wealthy
and which ones would
wait!
there was something wrong
there was something more
she saw the skein of interrelationships
that stretched out to the event horizon
she saw something hideous
and something glorious taking shape out there
she saw...
saucers
she blinked and looked back at the present
and amongst the crowd she saw a few who were like
self-propelling steel balls in a pinball game
making havoc of the rules
introducing a Brownian motion
where others strove for regimentary order
there was something about them that reminded her of her mother
could they be the ones mother had described?
the other race hidden amongst the humans?
the privileged and divinely aberrant?
the subgenius?
i see you perceive your tribe
bob told her
the tribe of the untriable
do you also see the webs of probability?
i do!
then keep your eyes on them
and learn little connie
because we are dive bombing the luck plane
and with that bob dove down
straight down
rocketing head first toward the bus
they'd alighted on earlier
the bus had moved on
was entering the stream of traffic
and now they entered the bus through the roof
passing through the roof
as if it were the skin of a soap bubble
bob came to a screeching stop in the air over the driver
floating beside a sign that said
pinkville vocational school
is a step up to more work
bob reached out and tapped the back of the man's head with his pipe
tapped it precisely in a particular spot
the man shuddered and giggled and jerked the wheel to the left
into the flow of oncoming traffic
uh oh
bob said grinning i made a mistake
haha accident wrong car we're going to crash
crash
as the bus rammed the 40-foot limo they'd seen earlier
buckling it so that it was shaped like a boomerang
the limo spun and struck a semi truck
which swerved and drove through the wall of a power station
and crashed into a set of enormous transformers
causing a short circuit which caused a mighty power surge
connie could see all this taking shape on the luck plane
like a video animation
and the power surge roared through the wires
to an airport a hundred miles away
garbling the transmissions in the air
of the air traffic controllers, causing the wrong signal to be sent to a Learjet, crammed
with undersecretaries of the Trilateral Commission, who went into a screaming panic when the plane,
its computer controls confused, veered wildly and went out of control, going into a tailspin,
nosing down, crashing thunderously into the industrial park where Connie had met Bob.
The cargo of nanotechnological submolecular reprogramming proteins the undersecretaries
had been carrying to Washington exploded along with hundreds of gallons of fuel in the plane's
tanks, spreading in a diffuse cloud over the living concentration camp construct, the nanoprogramming
molecules colliding with submolecular guidance systems for the military mechanism, reprogramming
it, quite by lucky accident, into a complete reversal of the process so that the living
concentration camp began to deconstruct itself, and in so doing released another cloud of
deep programming nanotech molecules.
The nanoprogramming molecules that drifted over the land, reversing the process wherever
they encountered it.
Whew!
Bob said, that was lucky.
He turned to little Connie, young miss, how would you like to visit your brothers and
sisters in Malaysia?
Brothers and sisters, but I'm an only child.
Not at all.
You're my daughter.
You have hundreds of brothers and sisters.
Products of the supreme seed.
Thriving in Dobbs Town.
Learning.
Awaiting next day.
Would you like to meet them?
You're my dad?
Yes!
Shit!
What a disappointment.
Mom told me you were a rock star.
The eternal grin almost wavered.
Then he ruffled her hair tenderly.
You like your brothers and sisters, Bob said.
They're just as disrespectful as you are.

You're a rock star.
And so, born on a purposeful plume of green-sparkled blue, they rose from the twisted wreckage of
the traffic accident, oblivious to the screams of the approaching sirens, and hurried on
into the year 1996.
On their way to a date with destiny, seeing the years 1997 and 1998 unfold ahead of them
like a place in the distance where, clearly and far away, the saucers were landing.
Oh yes dear friends, a marvelous tale of the Little Connie and the Big Bob there by John
Shirley Redd.
By John Shirley.
And for the rest of the show, friends, we're going to go into puzzling evidence with Dr.
Howell, Philo Drummond, and post-puzzling evidence from the KPFA show in Berkeley.
And everything else will be just an orgiastic orgy of Lemurian and Neuropreffian mind-raping
collages.
And so, so scrote it be.
May God bless you as you listen to Trolls.
We make it more real for you.
Take care.
W라고 Alles.
iat. seems to be pretty spiky.
So quest news can get a bunch of Jamaica Chillers from tastyuh wherever we cwt until
it gets off the tape or that Nacht Nô bar playing some pra dinheiro here and there.
Not to bear
theagtapy.com.
But 지나ich.
God doesn't exist.
Which?
Filthy looks.
Filthy looks.
Which?
What are you doing?
Lack of.
Lack of.
Lack.
Lack.
The series contains
How to get on fire.
People actually ask for more.
And even watch videos.
www.
www.
www.
www.
www.

www.
www.








Thank you for taking the time to listen.
This is House of Rock.
And here is the news correspondent, John.
And we are here.
They are there.
They are there.
There.
We are here.
They are here.
And we are here.
They are there.
For President.
State of the Union mess,
Which he will begin delivering in just a few minutes.
A few minutes.
Just a few minutes.
In a moment.
Just a few minutes.
In a moment.
Just a few minutes.
In a moment, you will see the president entering the rear.
Miska.
Rock.
The president.
Dork.
Dork.
Dork.
Dorky.
Dorky.
Party.
Party.
My colleagues of the country.
I.
I speak.
And I.
Mr. Speaker.
Mr. President.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, Speaker, President, Speaker, President, President, America has lost, and all of us have lost.
Thank you.
Losers.
In these troubled years just past, America has been going through a long nightmare of war and division of crime and inflation.
Even more deeply, through a long, dark night of sorrow again.
It's the genius of the American people.
It is for us here to open the doors that will set free again the real greatness of this nation, the subgenius of the American people.
How can we truly open the doors and set free the full subgenius of our people?
Monstrous, consuming outrage.
More money, more money.
This shall be our goal.
Let us stop helping children.
More profits, more profits to keep people sick.
I discovered the other day that things happen to help stimulate the black American, the Indian.
The Mexican American.
To get laid.
New fun, fun, fun, fun.
We're crushing the people to get more trash collections.
Go beyond the limits.
There has been a growing feeling.
Let us share to give homeless the chance to escape impotence.
You cannot trust people.
They slowly die.
We have become a nation of the government, by the government, for the government.
People open wide.
Freshness.
Here's a letter from one of our listeners.
Dear show.
I'm always reading about UFOs and flying saucers, even flying teacups.
The other day on your show you were talking about flying teacups.
I hope to be abducted someday myself.
But I'm confused.
What exactly is the difference between a UFO and a flying saucer?
Would you like to handle this one, Dr. Howell?
Well, you know, sir, the saucer I saw, sir, was not really saucer-shaped.
It was flying formation.
Saucers being skipped across the lake.
I mean, we can skip the saucer talk if you want, or we can see-saw back and forth between the saucer believers and the saucer scoffers.
But I'd just like to say that the saucer I saw, sir, was a saucer.
And you're talking about those pleasure-grain things, right?
Yeah, but you know, no, you could take a saucer, throw it up in the air, and then take a picture of it while it's in the air and say,
Hey, look, it's a flying saucer.
This is a flying saucer.
Yeah, they're all over the earth.

And they're all over the next day.
And we'll budget this.
And different religions have different data.
But you have all these.
The one this show uses is an acronym for Unidentified Flying Object.
That's the one I saw.
I know you think you say you saw a monster.
But you know, I have all these things to say.
Unidentified Flying Object is used to explain UFO reports that turn out to be nothing more than
swamp gas, the planet Venus, weather balloons, or some other easily explainable earthly non-physical object.
Oh, I understand.
I can explain everything away, huh?
Alright, be that way.
Five-nine-seven-eight.
62 so you won't worry for a little wow in your life here.
Oh, it's 1967 again.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.

Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
Oh, I see.
That show is going to be over soon, they said.
No.
The show?
Well, not too soon.
Not any sooner.
But what makes them so sure?
Why are they saying that?
Why would they?
They keep saying that.
We want the show to be over.
Come on.
It's a pretty show.
It's a pretty song.
Where's David Wilk?
He's coming on next.
He's out in the hall.
It's a la Wilson.
Come on.
It's a pretty show.
He's out in the hall with Bigfoot.
The guy we got here.
The real Bigfoot.
Oh, yeah.
We got a real Bigfoot.
You know, back when I was a kid, there was a lot more Bigfeet than there are now.
I think that, you know, people have been approaching upon their habitat.
And they don't proliferate nearly as much as they used to.
You don't see the sightings here about the sightings that you saw and heard earlier.
If you're...
You know, we're live nearly to the frequency that we did previously.
So that's frequency, Kenneth.
And so, you know, it's really...
It's sort of disheartening if you're used to seeing and maybe even swimming with these large,
eight-foot-covered, hairy beasts.
Don't call them a beast.
They're not really a beast.
Wow.
A beast.
They don't like that.
You know, we call them that because, you know, they've got hair all over them and stuff.
But they're just rather hirsute.
We don't really think...
They're wearing hirsute.
Well, they have hair on their back.
And I understand that is...
Women don't like that that much.
But, you know, human women don't have to worry about a Bigfoot appealing to them from a visual perspective.
Other than, you know, so they don't throw up on the Bigfoot's feet when they see them.
They don't have the feeling of the beast of freedom.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And that means also with a very strong feeling of revolt.
And revolt and revolution is not the same thing.
But when you have this very strong feeling of this need of revolt, need of freedom...
Right.
We need freedom.
...into a period.
There are so many events...
I need freedom.
...in which you can get revolted.
Freedom isn't free.
It isn't?
It isn't?
How much does it cost?
I heard it costs a buck oh five.
The five cents is for...
I used to live here.
It used to cost a dollar.
But now you have to pay an extra five cents to cost a tax.
Really?
Yeah.
They actually reduced the price to 97 cents.
Oh, that's really pretty, man.
The old five rounds it up to...
It's good to be alive.
...the amount that's required by governmental speculation and mandate.
I think this caller is really trying to just say that it's good to be alive.
Yeah, it is good to be alive.
Isn't it, caller?
I don't think you're dying.
See, he's doing his show.
He's rocking out.
You just can't believe his good luck of being on the show.
Nothing can change the shape of things to come, though.
We don't have any way to do that here on the show.
But if you call up at 848-4435 and play your radio into it,
we will tell you what song you're playing.
Good to be alive.
Here on the show at...
Yeah, baby.
No, I'm off.
And on your radio dial.
Here.
Northern California.
Yeah.
And the world.
Here's another letter from a listener.
Dear show, please stop using terms like wolfman and werewolf in your stories.
And it's the things you say.
Yeah, it's just not fair.

It's just not fair.
We're lycanthropes and proud of it.
Please refer to us as lycanthropes.
So the wolfmen, I mean, the lycanthropes are suddenly rebelling against calling them by what we always thought they were.
Wolf people, wolfmen.
It's good to be alive.
It's good to be alive.
And, you know, when I get letters like that...
There's nothing special about being alive.
There isn't?
No, this is from...
I'm an expert.
Yeah, that's true.
But there's a song that says that.
There's absolutely no reason to live.
There's no reason that you're alive.
I don't want a song to cover it.
Yeah, I know, I know, I know.
But since we're already are...
I realize it's your professional obligation.
Should we do something since we already are?
I mean...
That you're ready to leave this alive in the moment.
Yeah, what should we do, suicide man?
Should we follow your example?
Well, I haven't committed suicide yet, so...
But you're alive.
Always in preparation for this important move.
You can follow my example by waking up every day
deciding whether or not you want to commit suicide.
I do that.
Good.
That's a healthy thing to do.
I do that as well.
When I wake up in the morning and I look...
First, I see if there's any dirt on my face.
You know, just laying around there like shovelfuls or something
coming down on me.
You say it's a creepy thing, don't you?
If there's no dirt on my face, I figure, well, I'm not...
Then I...
Then the coffin starts to fade away.
The sides of the coffin fade away, and I can see I'm just in my bed.
Ah, yes.
The hole withdraws into the rest of the open space around you.
Right.
You step into the world once again.
And I can say safely, I am among the living once more.
As I arrive from my nightly brush with Morpheus.
See, the trick is to maintain the freedom to do so,
but you're not.
You don't want to get them...
The crowd goes wild when they too realize they...
One should never lose sight of the...
You can't commit suicide if you want to, you know?
You know, that's true.
One should never lose sight of the proximity of death at any moment.
But it can be so close that you can't see the whole picture.
You have to commit suicide at the last minute when you have the freedom to do so.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, sure does.
Because one should never lose sight of the proximity of death at any moment.
Once it gets out of your hands...
Then you're not free.
You'll be tended by these smiling nurses who will shake their heads
when you try to expound upon the worthiness of life.
That's right.
I'm a believer that unless you can make a bad decision, you're not truly free.
They'll just say, oh, another one of these baby boomers who think that they know it all.
But like I said, I didn't want to seem glum.
But I'm a believer that unless you can make a bad decision, you're not truly free.

Happy comment watching.
Yeah, see, it brought the show right down.
Aww.
It's a cute little show.
The baby's going off.
Poor little show.
Let me stroke it for the hair.
I don't think it likes it.
Jeff Club Jeffeter.
There it goes, there it goes.
Are you okay, show?
Jeffeter.
Nice.
I don't think show's okay.
Jeff Club Jeffeter.
Ow.
We're trying to shock show back to life here.
I think show died.
No, it's still breathing.
I can hear it breathing.
It's still alive.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
Okay, here we go.
Oh, I see.
There's a line.
There's the Democrats over there, the Republicans over there.
And they hate each other.
It's normal.
But the Democrats are in control again.
And so everyone's happy now.
Everything will be all right now that the Democrats control everything.
Yeah.
Now we can.
Yeah.
We can see them take over and they'll do the right thing because we can trust our politicians
on that side.
Yeah.
Just because they're Democrats.
Yeah, they're the other.
So they have to be better.
They're the other ones.
So they have to be the good guys.
Yes.
It'll be all new.
It'll be all right now.
He'll be all new.
He killed suicide, man.
I'm afraid he might have committed suicide.
Yeah, that might have been something.
The realization of.
That things are going to get happy and okay.
Meet the new boss.
Same as the old boss.
Everything's going to be so good that he can be happy.




He got scared.
Well, the dog will always take off after the fire.
Turtle.
And crafted and assembled and put back in the room.
Well, at least they won't blame it on the Republicans anymore.
Now they'll just blame it on us, the people.
Are you guys okay?
Do you need to go to the hospital?
From PR News in Washington, I'm the Turkey.
Tonight, we're going to talk about the new president.


A massive tunnel fire that started when 15 turkeys crashed into each other overnight.
Top State Department and Defense Department officials talked to the turkeys to try to smooth things over.
The chief executive of Airbus says the U.S. now has no choice but to stick it to Iraq.
The U.S. military now says this is PR.
PR's bad.
Nowhere in the pages of history can one find the long-term truth.
Look out!
Are you clear?
The loan chair reached a conclusion.
Tonto pointed slowly along the narrow path on which they rode.
Good place to hide.
If that's what you want.
Huh?
The loan chair happened to his wife.
Did you hear that, Agatha?
Wonderful.
That's evident.
All right, you rotten snake.
That's for what you did to my wife.
Hand over your...
I don't think there's any mask.
The loan chair was visibly impressed.
The retail.
What's that?
What you mean, your attendance?
We know that.
Why have you been there?
We'll be ready for him.
Never go.
They'll have money.
No, don't worry about that.
Good.
Uh, we'll write this due, too.
Well, that's mighty nice of you.
I hope so.
The curtain falls on the loan chair.
That's strange.
The loan chair looked around, saw that he wasn't observed, then died the driver's seat and much of the wagon's front.
A heap much blood.
Yes.
Will do.
We'll lead.
Rested during the night?
Come on, sir.
The loan chair rested most of the night.
Look.
Dead boy, dead boy.
Who's who?
Tonto dazzles the eyes.
Mask make you do that?
Of course you're dazzling.
The loan chair was covered with black suit.
Thanks to this mask, I'm completely black.
You think maybe you go blind?
I should.
The loan chair rubbed his fingers on Tonto's eyes.
Tonto, let me blind your eyes, Tonto.
I can't see.
I'm blind.
Help, help.
The loan chair and Tonto made dire threats to the blinded.
You fools.
They would gag him and leave him buried in the snow to die, blind, and then go away.
No.
It's dark.
But I can't see.
Keep thinking that way.
The old man had taken from his pocket the loan chair before he entered.
No.
I don't know.
The horses had found them attached to the saddle of one of the horses.
Help, help.
Blind.
The loan chair and Tonto floundered around in ever-widening circles through the snow.
He's that kind of a man.
He is the loan chair.
I am such a hillbilly as the Oiw write this down that faith of the poor, you needn't
let anyoneенсieve their queen, you needn't say the least thing, and lay the liars do
the impossible, and to whom it will be ataechoros.
If seeds come back, not a single malt protector is hidden inside the tuft.
Yeah.
We'll see.

Or you can write for free information if you want to.
Almost nobody ever does that.
From Post Office Box 181-417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 44118.
Praise Bob.
Hey, what's the number?
Five.
Three-nine.
Two.
Five-eight.
Hello, the White Fox?
What?
The White Fox.
Oh.
The White Fox.
Oh.
The White Fox.
The White Fox.

The White Fox.
Uh.
The White Fox.
Uh.
The White Fox.
Oh.
The White Fox.
What?
The White Fox.
Oh, yeah?
The White Fox.
Uh.
The White Fox.
Well, I am.
The White Fox?
Uh, the White Fox?
Uh, the White Fox?
Uh, the White Fox?
Yeah, the White Fox, huh?
Duh.
Uh, duh.
That's bad.
The White Fox.
I'll remember this as long as I live.
Ay-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi.
Say, it looks like we're going to see a card trick, Rhoda.
Here are three cards, Rhoda.
The six of clubs, the eight of diamonds, and the ten of spades.
Ah, the ten of spades.
Now, wait a minute.
Exactly.
And the trick was done.
That's a swell trick, Blackstone.
And until next time, goodbye.
Hey, let go of my hair, you.
I got it.
You can't prove anything.
