What about all the historical figures who didn't give a fuck about anything?
Yes.
The Self-Genius Hour of Self-Worship.
Eating, Medication, and Listening to a Radio.
Thank you, brothers and sisters.
It is a fine evening that I come before you this evening,
having been imbibed by the smoke and frop of dogs.
I've come before you because I want to share a vision of the future.
A future that is less than 36 hours away,
and we're hoping like hell.
It's going to be July 5th, 1998, 7 a.m.
We're going to see a skyload fucking full of spaceships.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, I have a nightmare.
I have a nightmare to share with you that we're going to be out here
killing pinks and flying spaceships and blasting shit
with fucking ray guns and blasters and just destroying shit.
Congress?
Hey, man, that's my target, bitches.
Stay away.
I want all them Republican dickheads dead.
I've never seen such a waste of my fucking time in this nation's time
and any fucking time in all my life.
Everything's backwards.
But fuck all that.
Who cares?
We'll just destroy it.
I don't give a shit.
Yes, friends, I have a nightmare.
I have a nightmare.
Tiny little baby children.
They're in the air and frying.
Why?
Because they're just too pink to live.
I want to spew my hate all over everything.
Just like I was masturbating like a madman and blowing my wad on a wall.
Then wiping the mess up with the curtains.
Yes, dear friends, X days are coming and we're going to get the hell out of here.
And leave a smoking wreck behind.
I'm done.
Fuck all of it.
Bye.
Fuck.
Fuck, fuck,
fuck.
Fuck, fuck,
fuck,
fuck,


FUCK!
Well, bless my soul, what's wrong with me?
I took some crank and some LSD
I drank poor wine from a big brown jug
I'm on drugs, I'm all fucked up
Well, my hands are shaky and my knees are weak
The smack I shot is about to peak
I think I need to have my stomach pumped
I'm on drugs, I'm all fucked up
Well, please don't ask me what I hear and see
Cause there's a big brown sausage and it's talking to me
When I sweat and I think if I forget to breathe
My heart will stop and all my fans will grieve
Well, it took 12 pills so I could come on down
I even drank a six-pack of Royal Crown
And then I ate a Reese's peanut butter cup
But I'm on drugs, I'm all fucked up
I took drugs, I'm all fucked up
Well, my tongue gets swollen and my eyes bug out
I don't even know what the hell I'm talking about
There's only one cure that'll ease my mind
I'm gonna take a big crap on that epocillinamine
Well, the touch of my butt and what a chill I got
My heart seized up from an old blood clot
Who'd ever have thought that this is where I'd drop
I took drugs, I'm all fucked up
Thanks for watching!
Subscribe for more!
See you at the next one!
Bye bye!
Bye bye!
I gotta get back to work!
I gotta get back to work!
I got a head full of rat shit
I wanna sleep here
You're the cutest motherfucker
Touch me
Suppose it's my fault
I guess I'm kinda nasty
I like to do things
I wanna shave your goddamn beard
Head full of rat shit
Head full of rat shit
Head full of rat shit
Head full of rat shit
I seen you dancing
I know you're in love now
Body in the harness
Eyeballs
My balls
Not on the proven anyway
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme
Or I could eat your butt
Right now
Head full of rat shit
Head full of rat shit
Head full of rat shit
Head full of rat shit

Shit
Screw kaboom
What's boy remind you of?
What's boy remind you of coax?
You got your ass to the core
Look like a oklan
But it's not like





You gotta
Saidтор

was the band known as Reagan's Polyp, which has recently re-released a lot of their classic
works from the 90s and the aughts for a new audience, and you should Google them, Reagan's
Polyp. Before that, Reverend Phineas Narco of National Cynical Radio, singing All Fucked
Up. Before that, some Lemurian collage, and Reverend Eggplant from the 17X Day Drill.
And as you may have gathered, this is one of our internet-only, triple-X rated episodes,
specifically number 1493.5XXX. And I really like doing these because, first off, I don't have to
do any fuck-cutting, and secondly, because it doesn't have to be just exactly under one hour.
Much easier to do. But it won't be mailed to any of the broadcast stations either. No sir ma'am.
Friends can't afford the FCC fines. Now anyway, we have more Reagan's Polyp coming up. Their
songs tend to be short, friends. And we have more from last July's Subgenius Festival at
Wisteria Campground, 17X Day Drill, in this case, Priestess Pisces.
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Some of you may be on some sort of depressing
chemical. You were a little bit behind. So let's try that again. Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
There's always one motherfucker, isn't there? All right, let's try the next one. Fuck the
Peaks! Fuck the Peaks! Fuck the Peaks! Wait, I thought it was Don't Fuck the Peaks! Exactly!
Yeah, I don't want to say Fuck the Peaks! No, no, no, no, it's not the... Right, let's look.
Come on, you guys. Get it together, get it together. Come on.
Subgenius, damn it! Convert the Peaks! Here's the thing I said. So! Here's a little more difficult.
You ready? The Subgenius must have slack. The Subgenius must have slack! Slack! Slack! Slack!
That was really sloppy. I'm going to try this one more time.
get it together guys come on you can do it the subgenius must have slack
I know it's early I know it's early the third oh yeah we're going hold on do you do that to
your girlfriend too all right since somebody's over here premature prematurely ejaculating with
the mouth let's go ahead and try this fuck them if they can't take a joke all right we're working
come on baby
I'll bring you some
baby
baby
I'll bring you some
baby
you say
but first
friends I shall tell you the story of good
King
King
Stag whose queen was renowned as the finest hoon tang all across the land ten thousand miles around
none match the beauty of the babe with the crown now among those who admired the bounteous princess
we was one low-life bastard they called Chris Lee
Chris
Lee
, thought to diddle the fang that he knew good and well belonged to King Stag
now we've seen fuckheads, assholes, shitheads, and turds geeks, glorts, ninnies, and nerds
but the sorriest morphidite you ever did see was that jive-ass beatnik they called Reverend Chris Lee
Chris Lee saw his chance at the X-Day drills while the king's brain was muddled on potions and wine
and pills
now most faithful bobbies
Stag was loath to disparage
but that skunk married we in the short duration marriage
this brash move so raised King Stag's ire
that he resolved to have Lee punished by torture and fire
first he'd have Lee tied to a cigarro cactus steak
then in a giant microwave oven
Chris Lee's ass he would bake
in Lee's rump Stag would roast a corn on the cob
he'd serve some to Nege but he'd butter some for Bob
but even at the trial Chris Lee showed such sass
that he vulgarly winked at weed as if to make a coarse pass
seeing this made Stag so furiously mad it almost blew out the one royal nag
and the kingdom was in a state of shock and terror
heard Stag yell
that Chris Lee will pay or shut up like hell
his lily white ass I will churn like butter
until at polite apology I do hear him utter
so untie his feet and untie his hand
cause I'm gonna whip that motherfucker man to man
friends they fought like devils and not like men
they fought like devils and not like men

they gouged and they bit and they kicked
but then something dreadful happened
before the battle was done
that left all the kingdom and even King Stag stunned
for while they fought each other
into the setting sun
that fine princess weed off with Dr. Philo Drummond had run
friends I should give a little tip of the hat to the great Rudy Raymore
Ptolemy who inspired that
I met a man a very strange and magic man
his name was Ivan Stang
and he had wandered many lands many seas
and this he said to me
the greatest thing
you'll ever learn
is just
to love Bob
and get fucked in return
I don't wanna fuck you
I don't wanna fuck you
I don't wanna fuck you
son of a bitch
I don't wanna fuck you
I don't wanna fuck you
I don't wanna fuck you
son of a bitch
more Reagan's polyp there
Pope Sterno docs of Doctors for Bob was in that band sometime
I don't know if you've heard of it
Philemon should have listen to it



cookbook

G Gordon Gordon
and the young yours truly
that Dave
in my case doing an homage to
at one of the Indianapolis
but ten years ago
back to
seventeen x day is a dream
a mosquito bite on my shoulder
when I came down here the other day and I saw a mosquito on the bite, fucking the bite hole.
A mosquito getting sloppy seconds off another mosquito bite.
I've been wanting to read certain people's rants on the Hour of Slack for a long time,
but it would kind of be rude to Dave. And so this is a good chance. And they're not by me.
There's one by the good Reverend Roger that's kind of long.
And one by the newer guy, Reverend Henry H. McFuckface. That would be one way to pronounce it.
Hey, he lives close to the Scrapple factory. Don't make fun of him.
How do you pronounce that name? Henry H. McFuckface?
McFrakus.
McFrakus.
I thought it was McFrakus.
McFrakus.



Well, it's spelled McFackfus, which in a way that could be said McFockface.
I kind of like McFuckface. And he's married to Lady Vajayjay or something, right?
Vajayna.
Vajayna. That's right. Lady Vajayna.
I'm sure they're really nice folks. They have nice kids and nice dogs.
And a lot of sex.
And Henry H. McFuckface.
McFuckface Jr. posted a rant that said,
I'm not as good as you, but I'm still better than you.
That's right. Better.
So what if I can't do something as well as you?
So what if I'm not as pretty as you?
Not as smart or talented as you?
Fuck you!
Who the fuck are you?
Just another pink boy.
And believe me, come July 5th, 1998, you'll see what I'm like.


But that gets you.
So you have a degree?
Fuck you!
I have a doctorate.
So you have a clean record?
Fuck you!
I have a divine excuse.
So you have a Mercedes?
Fuck you!
I have a pleasure saucer.
So you have a 401k plan?
Fuck you!
I have eternal slack.
So you have a 14 inch cock?
Well, you got me there.
Fuck you!
See how many girls let you stick that in their pooper?
You want to know the real reason I'm better than you?
Because I'm not you!
Hell, I'm not even me.
I'm a subgenius.
Not because I was told to be, not because I have to be, and certainly not because it's
hip to be, but because I paid to be.
I'm Reverend Funny Name.
Wise man and wise ass.
Mad doctor and silly bastard.
A holy man who knows the universal secrets are really cosmic jokes.
But as far as you're concerned, I'm Joe Schmoe.
Occasionally employed nerdy loser.
Vastly inferior because I don't make as much money, or have as much expensive crap, or
as many Facebook friends.
Because I don't have 50,000 YouTube plays, or I suck at Call of Duty online.
Shut up.
Shunned.
Because I don't follow every other trend that the conspiracy tells me I should.
Looked down on because I'm not just another khaki on the outside, pink on the inside,
cookie cutter clone of what they say is normal.
Fuck that!
I'm a subgenius.
I make my own slack and that's what makes it true slack.
I don't need false slack sold to me, pre-packaged and ship free if I combine orders.
I don't need an order.
I don't need a small expense paid adventure vacation cruise.
My life is an adventure.
And it is fraught with peril.
Fighting off ace souls and coops and just trying to have a good time.
Because I'm a fucking yeti and you can cover my fur with a suit and tie but you can't cover
my pfff stench with Old Spice.
I am a subgenius.
And you will follow my path.
I will follow your path off a cliff before I follow yours to the slaughterhouse.
And I mean that literally.
Because that's where you're all headed.
Because as far as the government's concerned we're all just social security numbers and
statistics to be taxed and tallied.
But to the horrible things that control them, we are something much worse.
Khaki on the outside, pink on the inside, farm raised organic meat treats to be chewed.

Chewed up and spit out by the con.
Haven't you noticed all the fields are being filled up with housing developments?
What you don't realize is they're still farming those fields.
Free range long pig.
The subgenius is like a weed in that field.
But fucking with the rest of the crop, making the pigs sick, sucking up all the fertilizer,
or slack.
That makes us subgenius.
They just watch tasty little meat snacks for the con.
And they just love sinking their teeth into a subgenius because like any good weed, we
get them high.
And unlike all the pink pigs, slopped with pasteurized hydrogenated GMO false slack,
we have true slack that are that much sweeter.
So fuck you, I'm not only better than you, I'm more delicious than you.
Price Bob, a rant written by Henry.
Henry H. McFuckfuss Jr.
McFuckus.
McFuckus.
That kind of reminds me of the old joke about Johnny Fucker Faster.
But...
When I went to the planet of vampire bitches.
In the galaxy of pleasure.
An endless terrain of ever-changing beauty.


Emerald green cushions.
Voluptuous women lounging obscenely.
The swollen nipples stroked by the mechanical hands of the Javanese gamelan wrecking cyborg
with the voice of Jerry Lewis.
Oh baby, baby, baby.
Monorails swerve by on tracks set hundreds of feet from the artificial voyeur's lens.


The landscape.
I sampled exotic delights.
The nectar I tasted.
The melon crashing down on my head up in the bell tower.
And my ermine haven crowned the diabolo tingle up in the tree hive of the fertile soil.
The flower picker isolated from the window.
So what enormous panties.
I'm nine years old and a genius.
Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me.
Fuck me, fuck me.
Fuck me, fuck me.
Fuck me, fuck me.
Fuck me, fuck me.
Fuck me, fuck me.
Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me.
Fuck me, fuck me.


Fuck me, fuck me.
And I want to kind of touch on something he said and I've brought this up in the past
because he's actually took my advice whether he knows it or not.
One of the things that I see that's a problem is fucking pinks.
And I don't mean as in those fucking pinks.
I mean you can have a pink.
guys fucking pinks um it's it's it generally doesn't work but what banks did is he took
someone who was initially a fucking pink and before fucking the fucking pink he converted them
to a subgenius thus taking out the fucking of the fucking pinks that's too much work
so here's what i want to say and i know that you know we we're all weirdos and one of the
big problems and staying is touched on this is that you know we we don't really work well in
the meat market of the bars and dating sites but fuck don't fucking fuck a fucking pink
did i say fucking out there let me try that again
all right well then let me say
and ant penises
i understand that sometimes the fucking pink is hung like a clyde's tail and i know that sometimes
that she has a snatch that snaps back and wraps around you like a boa constrictor i understand
brothers and sisters that pink may have the nicest set of tits this side of silicone valley
but the thing is is while you are fucking that pink you need to convert them and i'm going to
add this and i will let the next
random person know that i'm not a fucking pink
and i'm going to add this and i will let the next random person know that i'm not a fucking pink
this is something important i need to share with you because i was a fucking pink and how i found
the church of the subgenius is i was a fucking pink who was subgenius fucked and then converted me
so in the sense of fucking fucking pinks you can fuck a fucking pink one night stands are fine if
they give you slack and i know they give a lot of us but don't keep fucking a fucking pink convert
them in fact that's the way i do it i'm not a fucking pink i'm a fucking pink i'm a fucking pink
i'm a fucking pink i'm a fucking pink i'm a fucking pink i'm a fucking pink i'm a fucking pink i'm a fucking pink
i joined the church i was uh banging this dude for a while and we do we had a ritual was uh
smoke some frop and get some ass and then that was pretty much every two days go over to his
house we'd smoke some frop and we'd fuck and then one day i went over to his house and he didn't
want to fuck and i was like what's wrong did i i took a shower i uh i mean i i'm clean and i'm
and we've been doing this all along why don't you want to fuck and all he could do was talk about
this bob guy and he's like they're smoking some frop and he's like yeah you got to check out this
bob guy and i'm like dude i need to get off all right i need to get laid why are we talking about
this bob guys no you have to understand yeah it's this bob guy and he starts talking about
subgenius and stuff and i'm just like i need the cock can you stop talking about this bob son of a
fuck and he's like no you don't understand this this subgenius stuff is the greatest shit ever
you just got to check it out and i finally i finally said you know what fine and i went on
subcite and i paid what was then my 30 bucks because i wanted to get laid and i wanted him
to shut the fuck up about bob i was like man i felt a little bit like a john with a hooker
except for i don't know who the hooker was in that video
case actually but i paid my 30 bucks i got laid immediately thereafter no lie i like paid it he
watched me do it on the site and he was like okay let's go okay then he was not fucking a fucking
pink anymore i was a subgenius unfortunately he doesn't come around anymore he hasn't been around
for years he only came to one x day but i'm still here so here's my point when you were fucking the
fucking pink turn him on to bob manx has done it correctly and i just wanted to add that because
i've talked about this before and he he got the message you may not find you're not going to walk
out the door and find the perfect overman or uberfim tomorrow that's not how it works they're
not sitting there waiting at your mailbox when you get the mail what you may have to find is
find the perfect latent unpaid subgenius that your dick or pussy can convince
to pay their 35 bucks
and that's that's a bit of a message now i will let the next come on up here i believe it's uh
give a shit said something he wanted to share
what did the booth say
okay give a shit so i'll have to give us a moment this is the track moment if you
if those of you those of you who have watched live hour slack and staying does this this is
the point where nothing is being recorded so uh you can say you want to say whatever we want i
never can think of anything
to say when nothing you know it's like what do you say different when nothing's being recorded
you can say penis penis you can say fuck
you know stang has told me one time he said that that the uberfims are actually worse for the fuck
cuttings that the overmen don't say fuck is nearly as much as the uberfims do and it makes it a
little bit more difficult when he has to go through and uh
cut the fucks and shits
this is tranquility base the eagle has landed
jesus h christ houston we're on the fucking moon over
roger tranquility we copy that we cannot believe you are on the fucking moon repeat cannot fucking believe it over
you're cleared to hook up lunar equipment conveyor to walk fucking walk on the moon over
you
handed the
urbans

the
wish
over
the
這裡
summit
y āe
I abso-fucking-lutely am standing on the surface of the fucking moon.
Am talking to you from the surface of the fucking moon.
Jesus H. Christ in a chicken basket.
Uh, holy shit, Tranquility.
Holy mother of fuck.
Uh, the fucking moon.
Over.
Reverend Teeters Laverge.
Alright, so I got this quandary.
I want to run by you.
I don't really know.
We're trying to figure out how we can get some motherfucker who's in a wheelchair up here.
No, no, I'm speaking simple.
What are you waiting for?
I'm a fucking liar.
What?
That's our job.
Right.
My drunken voice carries.
You can drag him here.
My people?
Just yell the word.
I need no lecture.
You need nothing.
No, well, I get that.
I get that.
I'm wondering, could we get him?
The problem is, is this Sam?
My rights are staying on.
We can hear him.
You are intoxicated.
Rigs for Bob.
Rigs for Bob.
No, no, listen.
Listen, children.
Children, listen.
Listen.
Introduce him.
When I was a young man.
No, no, please.
My father's a dick.
Half off.
Full blooded.
Chocked out Indian.
Now listen.
Papaw used to tell a story.
About hot chow.
Hot chow.
Now hot chow.
He was a chocked out Indian.
You know, they think they come from like North Carolina.
So I don't know.
Some of them fucking redneck states down southeast.
Where it's like sweaty and neat.
But, but.
The story Papaw told me.
Was about a hot chow.
Now one day.
Hot chow.
Was walking through the woods.
Now they call them skunk apes down south.
Some people call them sasquatch, bigfoot, yeti.
Don't goddamn matter.
Same goddamn species.
And those beasts.
We don't know why.
But they like to take a shit.
On the past people walk on.
Maybe it's like a three stooges wipeout thing.
Oh, you know, wipe out in some yeti shit.
I don't know.
Who the hell knows.
But they like to do it.
But.
The main thing is.
For the Choctaw people.
Is that certain mushrooms would grow in that crap.
Now hot chow.
It's.
It's like kind of into schmuck.
Or schmo.
It's kind of like a.
Like a nice guy.
He's got good intentions.
He's kind of an idiot.
And well hot chow.
You know, he's walking.
Oh, he's walking down.
He's looking for those mushrooms.
He doesn't know this.
But.
Well.
Our lord and savior Bob.
Happens to really enjoy nature.
Bob when he enjoys nature.
Doesn't really like to wear clothes though.
And when a male of the species.
Doesn't wear clothes.
And enjoys something.
It's called an erection.
Now hot chow.
Was sitting there.
Trying to find out.
Okay.
What did this.
You know.
Skunk ape.
Or yeti.
Or whatever.
Eat that day.
That was so nice.
That it made the mushrooms.
That grew out of its feces.
Tell them.
You know.
I'm probably going to get.
Well honestly.
You know.
I mean.
We can talk about all the spiritual shit.
But you know.
Fucked up.
Is what he was looking for.
You know.
They didn't have PBR.
They didn't.
You know.
They just.
They got.
They got the shit.
That they got from nature.
And so he's looking at that.
As he's been over.
And of course.
As we know.
From any Hollywood film.
They wear loincloths.
They don't wear suits.
And pants.
All.
Native American men.
Only.
Apparently.
Wear loincloths.
So he's bending over.
And you know what happens.
You bend over.
Little loincloth.
A little bit of show in there.
Well.
You know.
You got Bob.
Walking through the woods.
With a heart on.
Looking at the leaves.
Of the trees.
Maybe.
The.
You know.
Fucking.
Biscuitos.
Or ticks.
Or whatever.

He's basically.
Almost.
Just above retarded.
So he's just kind of wandering through.
Doing that.
With a bone on.
Well.
There's a certain thing that happens on trails.
Trails.
Are these open spaces.
Where other plants don't grow.
So.
The roots.
Of the big trees.
End up.
Kind of.
You know.
Being like little steps.
Or stairs on that.
And it's easy to trip over them.
What does.
Dobbs do.
Well.
Of course.
He does a Dobbs.
He does a Bob.
He trips.
Where does his penis go.
We all know.
Right up.
Hot shows.
You know.
What.
And.
It's an accidental.
On purpose.
Rape.
But.
What.
Who wins.
Bob always wins.
No matter what.
You know.
Bob can have the most.
Terrible diarrhea.
But he wins.
And.
It's.
It's.
Any kind of.
Of.
Bacteria.
He gets in his system.
Bob absorbs.
He just happens to enjoy the diarrhea.
He gets from it.
Now.
For an ever.
Average.
Everyday.
Human being.
You know.
We all pretend to be yetis.
But we all have to admit.
We're.
Got too much.
Human DNA.
To actually make it work.
So.
Therefore.
When Bob stumbles in the woods.
That goes into this.
The result.
Is not pleasant.
And.
It's.
You know.
Like I said.
An accidental.
On purpose.
Rape.
But.
What do we learn from that?
We learn from that.
That.
A.
Hemorrhoids.
That.
Result from that.
Suck.
And they're not pleasant.
But.
But.
But we learn.
And no pun intended.
That.
Dobbs.
In this old.
Chalked out story.
Didn't have the intention to hurt us.
We.
We.

We got hurt.
Because.
We were in the wrong place.
At the right time.
We.
Were.
In the wrong place.
At the right time.
We were in the wrong place.
At the right time.
Which I'll tell you.
Means this.
That meant.
Ha Chow.
He didn't go hunting after that.
Man.
He was laying in his fucking teepee.
Going.
Oh.
Jesus.
Christ.
Let me shit without bleeding.
Jesus Christ.
I don't want to be afraid to go out in the woods.
Or.




Where.
A.
Not only do I find the deer that I.
I don't like to kill.
But I have to kill to feed my family.
But I find the nice little plants that make me feel better about life.
But now suddenly.
I'm afraid to do anything that's good for myself.
Why.
Because.
Bob.
Accidentally raped.
But.
He learned.
While laying in that teepee.
Whining about his fucking life.
He learned this.
Bob would have raped me anyways.
I might as well have been.
Out in the woods.
And gotten raped by Bob.
Accidentally.
You know.
On purpose.
I might as well have been out there.
When that happened.
I might as well have been doing what I enjoy to do.
Because it's going to happen to you.
Anyway.
So give up.
Don't give a fuck.
And basically.
It's a giant prison.
And we are all skinny little white boys.
If I can't whoop it.
I'm going to go.
And they actually said that.
The Chucked Out said that.
Before the white man came.
So it's a prophecy.
Like the Mayans.
Praise Jesus.
Praise Jesus.
That's how you broke your foot?
Apparently the lesson from this is Bob.
No.
Some idiot with a fucking.
Smile and a pipe.
Sold me.
This.
Really nice aluminum ladder.
Apparently it didn't work really well.
Bob was fucking the ladder.
Well actually I gave him a blowjob.













I was a guy in a car and I got that.
Everybody give Teeters a round of applause.
Yeah Teeters.
I got a better one for tomorrow.
And I got a cool way to go along with it.
Alright.
Alright.
We are still taking ranchers.
And if anyone brought gear.
Like amps and things.
You can come up.
We can also go into jamming later.
Who is next up to rant?
I'm going to go with.









I can do the rest of good Reverend Rogers thing.
Alright.
I'm ready.
Oh the most horrifying Bob one liner came out of Jessie who is one of the cops here
at Wisteria.
Uh oh.
She and I had been going back and forth about how to make.
We should encourage the subgeniuses.
To have incest like the Amish.
The Amish try not to.
The Amish now have to kind of screw around outside of marriage because they've got too
much inbreeding going on.
The subgeniuses on the other hand would be seeking inbreeding right?
Creating new mutants.
Creating more subgeniuses.
The real X-Men.
Sure most of the time you might get somebody with what we would call a birth defect.
But every now and then you get one that's like Magneto.
So.
The final line was.
I gotta do it right because she really worked on it.
I wrote it down.
What a coincidence.
Mutate.
Yeah here it is.
Here's the new subgenius one liner and it's really very politically incorrect.
Mutate your children.
Fuck your sisters.
And who came up with this?
A nice young lady named Jessie.
Who runs.
Uh.
Some security around here.
You know that's always been kind of a rural people's solution.
Mutate your children.
Fuck your sisters.
Uh huh.
Hmm.
Now.
Well these are actually perhaps desirable traits that the inbreeding preserves like the
Habsburg lip and so forth.
Right.
Or the Dobbs Twitch.
Yes.
The Dobbs Lek Twitch.
One of my most vivid recollections of Dobbs was one evening in Dobbstown.
We were.
We'd been out at a pretty good rat shoot out at the Malaysian dump on the Shun side of
Dobbstown where our really nasty garbage went and the rats were large, feral and very agile.
It had been pretty successful and Bob and I were in his limo on the way back.
I was smoking a cigar, a frop and Bob of course was as usual puffing on his pipe and I thought
it was time to bring up to Bob.
Some things I had been hearing lately and I said, Bob, you know, there's something I
need to talk to you about.
And he goes, well, well, sure, Gordon, what is it?
I said, Bob, some of the people in the church have been questioning whether, uh, well, whether
you've been handling the, uh, very large and substantial church funds properly.
He puffed on his pipe and looked at me and he said, Gordon, what are you talking about?
I said, Bob.
A lot of people think.
There's something.
Funny going on with the money.
And they don't like that.
Well, no, Bob, they don't like the idea of something funny going on with their money.
He puffed his pipe.
Well, Gordon, he said, all I can say is fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Yeah, that was an illuminating moment.
One day, some fishermen were out of the lake.


The sea of Galilee trying their luck.
Andrew, John, Peter, Phillip, and Nathaniel.
They had been out in their boat all night.
Well, they've caught nothing.
As they headed into shore, they saw Jesus standing on the beach.
Jesus looked at him and said, well, how was the luck?
Eh, it was bad, said Peter.
We were out all night.
Not one stinking fish.
Jesus said unto them, take me out into the middle of the sea.
So they took Jesus on board and headed out to sea.
When they were out of sight of land, Jesus turned to them and said, I shall make you
buggerers of men.
Andrew shrugged and said, well, you're a little late for that.
Yeah, said John.
We've been buggering each other for years now.
That's kind of part of the reason why we can't catch any fish.
The buggering scares them away.
Cast your nets overboard, commanded Jesus.
So the fishermen did cast their nets.
And as they pulled in their nets, they were astonished to find it full of queers.
Richard Simmons, Joel Grey, Rock Hudson, Boy George, George Michael, even Liberace.
And when Simon saw this, he was struck with wonder.
Holy mother of God, fuck me up the ass and call me Betty, Jesus said to Bob.
And while the fishermen and their catch were buggering away for days, Jesus walked over
to the shore where J.R.
Bob Dobbs was waiting.
Jesus said to Bob, wow, they did exactly what you said they did.
Bob and just smiled.
And he said to Jesus, you're learning it, kiddo.
But you forgot to get their money again.
That's the whole point of this religion thing.
You know, Jesus sighed and looked really forlorn.
Bob patted Jesus on the back.
He said, it's okay, kid.
There's plenty of more suckers where those guys came from.
That was a long time ago.

was Pisces reading a parable by Reverend Richard Scull. Before that, G. Gordon Gordon. To close the
show, which emits from subgenius.com, by the way, we'll hear a slightly speeded up mix by Suds
of the dual brags. That is, my old brag of the subgenius from 1977 being hollered by Reverend
Eggplant mixed with the former Reverend Batrix's brag of the female subgenius hollered by Reverend
Rachel Weirdigan, who was quite pregnant at the time. Praise Bob. All right, folks, I want to hear
some fucking noise. Please, let's hear it. I picked the goddamn terror of the fucking gods out of my nose.
Pardon my language, but let the sons of God and man bear witness, even in the belly of the
Thunderbird, I've been casting out the false prophets. I'm busting a gut and blowing my
o-ring and ripe to throw a loaf. I am the infrared woman. I've got the beast of the abyss between my
legs. I'm tighter than a constipated scotland in a pay toilet. I've got muscles in my snacks that
haven't even evolved yet. I make the Virgin Mary look like the Grand Canyon. You can run deep,
but with me, you can't run silent. I'll make you howl so loud, there'll be green light on the moon.
For I speak only the fucking truth, and never in my days have I spoken other than. For my every
utterance is a lie, including this very one you hear. I say, fuck them if they can't take a joke
by God anything for a laugh. I say I am the last remaining homo correctus. I am the goddamn man of
the future. I'll drive a mile so as to not walk a foot. I'm a human being of the first goddamn water.
Yes, I am the Hamelina humping donkey that jumped the men from Mars. The new age was invented just
for me. I wore the old one.
Out! I put the magic in sex magic. I shocked Aleister Crowley and made the last ten poems
give up their vows. Who do you think Sappho wrote all those poems to? I am so good. I made the
Great Stone Face cup three times, and he doesn't even exist the next down. I make Linda Loveless
look like the store window dummy with lockjaw.
I drank the devil under seven tables. I am too intense to die. I'm insured for acts of God and
Satan. I was shanghaied by bodiless beans and alien Jews from a corporate galaxy and got away
with their hubcaps. I cannot be tracked on my own. I'm a human being. I'm a human being. I'm a human being.
I'm a human being. I'm a human being. I'm a human being. I'm a human being. I'm a human being.
I wear nothing uniform. I wear no goddamn uniform.
Come on and give me AIDS, baby. I've recombined with my own e-chylide plastide and turned it into
venereal mescaline. I sweat nectar and menstruate ambrosia. I pee milk and honey and I shit cakes
of light. When I take off my clothes, this light's break out all over Mount Olympus. I've got more
swing in my hips than the San Francisco earthquake.
Yes, baby, I'm 23 feet tall and I have 13 rows of tits. I was suckled by a triaxerotops. I gave
the anti-version a high-protein tonsil wash. I'm a bacteriological weapon. I'm armed and loaded.
I'm a fission reactor of fart plutonium. Our plants are fueled by the sweat from my brow.
When they plug me in, the lights go out and honk, honk. I weigh 666 pounds in zero gravity.
Come and get me. I'm bitchy. I'm shrill. I'm nasty. I'm a real shrew. Mad rapist runs screaming,
screaming for help to the race crisis center when they see me coming. I gave the anti-bop back his
own BD and turned him into a radical feminist. When I'm in heat, they come from miles around
for a try at me. Dogs, cats, wolves, bears, randy goats, 12-point bucks, pterodactyls,
and swallowtail butterflies right alongside the men. I do it with bath lists.
I'm sired, retarded space bastards across the cosmos. I cook and eat my dead.
I'm the unshaven thorn tree of the Atlantis Zoo. I pay no taxes. The devil's hands are my ideal
playground. I hold the seven-bladed wing breaker. The wheels that turn are behind me. I think
backwards. I do it for fun. My imagination is a fucking cancer. I'll pork it before it porks me.
They say godzillion is the highest number there might be. Well, by God, I count to godzillion and
one.
Frodo beat the shit out of Dopey, Sneezy, and Doc just so he could get to my flower garden.
They'll never stick this cunt in the kitchen unless that's where it wants to be. I never pay
taxes. The government pays me to wear out the workforce. I don't charge money for it, honey.
I charge slack. When they call me a bitch, I just bark right back at them. I created time control,
darling. If I've got five minutes, I'll give you the eon of sheer ecstasy. Nuclear power plants
hide in shame when I go by. My snatch blows in the broad daylight.
Yes, I am the purple flower of hell county. Give me the wide berth. When I drop my drawers,
mother.
I use a python for a prophylactic. I'm thicker, harder, and meaner than the Alaskan pipeline
and carry more spew. I'll freeze your seed before it hits the bathroom tile. I kidnapped
the future and ransomed it for the past. I make time wait up for me to bleed my lizard.
I'm the reason Cuban supermen were invented. I made the premiere of the USSR sing,
America is all right, and mean it. I fucked the devil into heaven and St. Peter into hell.
I took on the flaming sword of the archangel Michael and put it out. The fighting Jesus
gave up fighting to have one more go with me.
The blob got hard as a rock thick as a brick and stiff as steel. It's a mere sight of my sweet
thing. You heard the exes are coming. Well, I'm the reason, darling. I'm a fusion reactor, baby.
Let's fuse. I'm so hot, I fart pure ambergris and I piss champagne. How 9,000 blue is used is all
over me. And I made the bad Bob said, please and thank you. My infernal breath wilts the tree of
life. Left my score on the rock of ages who will tear flesh with me, who will spill their jutes.
Who will gouge with me? Whose candle will I fart out? I'm ready, so step aside, all you butt-lipped
neurotic.
Secure, be spectacled. Slabs of wimp meat. I'm a crime-fighting master criminal. I am
not insane. I am a screamer and a laugher. I make a spectacle of myself. I am a sight.
My physical type cannot be classified by science. My familiar is a pterodactyl and I feed it
dipshits.
I made an honest fan out of Richard Nixon and then put horns on him with Harry Kissinger.
I'm the reason Elvis is God. And who do you think pulled Howdy Doody strings, hmm? I put
the starch on Pyre plus Pecker. Elijah Muhammad found Dobbs, the star of the Clench in Cincinnati,
after one night with me.
I blow the tops out of thermometers. I make tachymeters run backwards. You heard of black
holes? Well, come up and see me sometime, sweetheart, and I'll show you the naked singularity.
I put the collapsing collapsers. I give green stamps. I don't shave under my armpits. I
mow. And then I don't braid.
I communicate without wires or strings. I am a thuggy. I am feared in the tongues. I
have the evil eye of hair in the mojo bag. I swam the Bermuda Triangle. I didn't get wet.
I circumcise dinosaurs with my teeth. And I make them leave a tip. I charge tires with
my tongue and my tool.
Every night I hock up a longer and extinguish the sun. I'm the big-footed devil of level
14. Who will try to bring me down?
I left my nectar on the Washington Monument and douched with the Mississippi River. I
don't catch crabs. I catch mountain lions. So step aside, all you slab-sided, prune-faced,
way-fleshed, dish-racked punnies, androphobic, gynophobic, sarcrophobic, biophobic, plant-covered,
latex-armored, beehive-haired dude, pinch-browed, antiseptic, chemical-spent, stilt-hilled,
pucker-butted, gutty-saxed, weasel-jerky. I can out-fick, out-wit, out-joke, and out-fuck
any 50 men and any 500.
I fold, staple, spindle, and mutilate whole bureaucracies. I don't just holler and yell.
I break windows and shatter chandeliers 20 counties upwind when I start feeling good.
I've packed the brownies of the gods. I leak the plague from my neither regions. Opiates
are the mass of my religion. I take drugs. Yes, I may rip, snort, or I cram coca leaves
right into my armpits before they're picked off the tree. Space monsters cringe at my
tread. I wipe the pyramids off my shoes before I enter my house. I'm too ejected. I'll live
forever and remember it afterwards.
I'm immune. I'm radioactive. Come on and give me cancer. I'll spit up the tumor and
butter my bread with the juice. I'm supernatural. I bend crowbars with my meat axe. End of thought.
I make a fool of myself with style. I set trends. I have senators for familiars. The
American Academy for Advancement of Science made telepathy illegal and declared psychokinesis
a mortal sin thanks to me. I don't just have the evil eye. I've got evil in places you've
never heard of. I put the mo in mojo and then took it out again. When I pass by, deltines
turn back into stallions and stairs go after locomotives. I invented sin, honey. I'm the
reason you're here. I'm the reason you're here. I'm the reason you're here. I'm the
reason you're here. I'm the reason you're here. I'm the reason you're here. I'm the
When the Incredible Hulk butt-fucked me, I pyro-flatulated him into the next county.
I'm quadruple-jointed. I make octopi look arthritic. Real men pay to catch DD from
me. I don't get zits. I break out in bonbons and eclairs. I leak elixir vital from the
gallon. You heard that Hitler had only one ball? Guess why.
My droppings pour through the earth and erupt volcanoes in China. Yes, I can drink more
wine and stay more sober than all the heathen Hindus in Asia. Woo-hoo-hoo! Yee-haw! Go!
Cut blood, I'm a mori-eel, a komodo dragon, a killer whale bereft of its pup.
I have a triple backbone and was sired by the wolfman.
Give me all your slack.
Bend all the spoons you want, honey.
I straighten your regaler's tool with my unaided ESP.
And stoked off the Dalai Lama was what I thought.
When I bat my eyelashes, monks spew and lay their last chances in heaven.
Nuns and junkies give me up their habits for me.
I built the Horde of Babylon out of business.
Astar invented Aphrodite just to keep up with me.
I am a meek in heat.
I am a Tyrannosaurus Regina on the make.
I make jaws look like a smallmouth bass.
A black hole is convex compared to me.
And once you try me, you'll think the Big Bang is nothing but a wet firecracker.
I've been in places most women don't even have.
I am walking, talking, strutting, bowling volcano.
I told Jesus I wouldn't go to church and he shook my hand.
I have my own personal saviors and change them every hour.
I don't give a fuck if there's life after death.
I want to know if there's even any fucking slack after death.
I am a goddamn visionary.
I see the future in the past in comic books and wine bottles.
I eat black holes for breakfast.
I bend my jeans and whittle my DNA with the sheer force of my mighty will.
I steer my own goddamn devolution.
I ran him out of heaven and sold it to hell for a profit.
I preempted Our Lady of Fatima.
UFOs fight to see which gets one close encounter with me.
Prophets give up their visions for just one look at me.
John the Baptist came back to life to give me his head.
I created DNA.
Where do you think Calvin Klein got his genes?
You think you're illuminated?
I make thermonuclear blasts look like the inside of a dark room.
I eat the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil for a between meals snack.
They had to invent a whole new story.
There's no sign in the Zodiac just for me.
Clitus, the pornogram.
You wouldn't believe the aspects of my nose, darling.
My charts got all the angles.
I'm enlightened.
I achieve nirvana and take it all with me.
Yep, yep.
Woo!
I'm so ugly, the speed of light can't even slow me down and gravity won't take up my cuts.
When the rupture comes, I'll make them wait.
They'll never clean out my cage now.
Heisenberg came up with the uncertainty principle after he made me.
I made Derek, Paulie, and Einstein get physical.
They had to invent non-Euclidean geometry just to describe my curves.
Where do you think the camel got its hump?
I'm the reason for the billy goat's horn.
I'm the one who fucks them when they can't take a joke and makes them smile again.
I'm so weird.
The Discordians joined the Republican Party in sheer self-defense.
I put the libertine into libertarian.
I make Elvis look dull.
I'm the reason the Second Coming has taken so long.
Jesus hasn't recuperated from his first one with me.
Yet.
I am the queen of heaven, the dark lady of space, the lovely black star of the sea.
I am on the cave walls of the Temple of Karnak, on the walls of Pompeii, and the Cathedral of Notre Dame.
I am the pre-scriptors.
Jehovah One burns incense to me.
I'm...
Alright, give a round of applause for Rachel Weird again.
And Reverend Eggplant's dueling brags.
Woo!
Yeah!
For Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money!
That dirty, perky, sharkaback, flackin', wharton, filibunkabarton, perkaluma, burton, dirt and buster, I don't want!
B-O-B.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
And we're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
And not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
But if you truly love Bob, and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page, or especially the radio page, or the catalog store pages,
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the board.

We're in the brink of total poverty, and we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
blowjobs could go the way of Stevejobs if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to...
Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
一勿これ
一斷削除
一起

一起
一一

一起



一起
一起

一起
一起

一起
一起
一起
一起
一起
一起
一起
一起
一起
一起
