Oh yes dear friends this episode we're going way back in the way back machine
for a rerun of get ready hour of slack number three from October 1985 I had
done only two prior shows in the K&ON Dallas studio which was in an old house
and you can tell I was still a little unfamiliar with the equipment the
amazing thing about this episode though are the special guests three of the key
early subgenius doctors were all somehow in Dallas that week we had just done the
Scary Ball D Vival at the Twilight Room Club with doctors for Bob the oldest
known subgenius dr. g Gordon Gordon had come for
that special show and I was on my way to see Bob in his office in the dedicated
that from Brazil. The my age Dr. Gary Gibrogfran was there from Berkeley. And the then youngest
subgenius Dr. Onan Canabite had come from Knoxville, Tennessee. And we all sound like babies.
What, what, what? The station's full of aliens. And I'm sick to my stomach. Look.
This thing. A fetus on KNON. I believe this is it. My gosh. It's, it's in it. What, what has
happened to this station here? It's something that we aren't prepared to deal with at this time.
No, we can't, we can't possibly handle this because as, as one goes out to yet,
yay, another goes in. And as we seek, they've changed the way the boards are set up. Yes,
my friends, but we will persevere because this is the hour of slack on which we can only but,
but seek to find that which will play our tapes. I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese
for sure. No trouble. Get set, get going. Amen. Recording. Everything's going smooth.

Fine. No trouble. Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes. Bob? Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase. It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megaphyst Temple Lodge of the Church
of the Subgenius with my voice actor, Dr. Robert Stevenson. I'll turn it down now.
Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs,
living avatar of Slack and saint of sales on Planet Earth.
Are we controlled by secret forces?
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Are you abnormal?
Then you are probably better than most people.
Yes, your kind shall triumph.
Now, at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it, the only fate that promises action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Bring your...
weirdest dreams to rampaging life.
Stand direct for your own abnormality.
Bob is a way of life to millions.
Yet half of it don't even know it.
He's the one true living Slack master with the spiritual know-how to help you bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven.
He is the one real shortcut to Slack.
You can't stop him.
You can't stop him.

He's the one who makes the most of your life.
He's the one who makes the most of your life.




This fear, the stark fist of removal no longer.
Become physically attractive overnight.
Attain status, luck, prosperity by blowing them off.
Bob's promise is to widen the scope and nature of abnormal behavior.
To explore new ways of going over the edge!
and coming right back
to help you create
the highest possible earnings
from the psychodynamics
of abnormalities
to turn conspiracy
and personality disorders around
and channel them into an illusion
of creativity
that will fool normals
and get you sex
yes dear friends
yes it's the hour of slack
welcome, welcome once again
and yes after
the usual slow take off
it's hard to get these shows off
the ground especially when you're
at the very end of your
so called rope
and indeed we are folks
because we, if any of you were
at the amazing
subgenius masquerade
scary ball last night
at the twilight moment
yes
no there's no, you can use
chewing gum and stuff, that's the way this station
is held together
put one right in this
in this
in this thing
this body shrimp
now who are you, wait a minute
there was only supposed to be one person on this show
and all of a sudden we've got shows from
San Francisco and Brazil
and Tennessee
and have walked in
to the radio tabernacle
here in Dallas, Texas
dear friends
we're so
reach for those checkbooks
but you can't write that check to the subgenius
foundation because we can't pray
for money over the air
with this FCC license
but we can pray for you to send money to K-N-O-N
but we can ask you to bring all those
things down to the stations now
the things that you keep in your drawers
that's right those little things that
you don't want the dice
you're not supposed to talk about drawers on this radio station
Dr. Ebro fan
yeah bloomers that's it okay
yes bring those things
ladies and gentlemen
and your parents tell your parents to listen right now
because this is going to be the most offensive piece of radio
you've ever heard in Dallas, Texas
let's try we'll try
let's put it that way
uh strangely enough somehow this show has ended up
with a number of subgenius celebrity guests
that's right Dr. Gary Gubrog-Franc
star of the amazing subgenius show in Berkeley, California
which you will be hearing on and off
in a most confusing manner
uh as we as we slowly fade in
oh wait what what the callers are there
we finally got callers here thanks folks
poor girl she's in that bubbling vat of jokes
we're gonna throw a tarp over it and protect it from the elements
yeah we might throw a tarp over it
but we probably that's all we'll cover it
this young lady has the jokes all day
yeah
she's soaking in the jokes
we'll have to come down to the station right now
we'll cover you up with something soft and warm too
we're gonna have to reverse the charger
this is a tarpaulin that's been soaked in water
you're already covered well yeah good she has one of those
actually you know a lot of depilatories can help in these
she was covered pretty well but maybe not
they're covered by the horrible fur that's the KPFA
each of their customers
my screen
don't yell it's the only phone you have
my screens darling
okay there we go
what's happening to my picture
that's very broad
i don't know
you could have been talking to that last caller
i wish i could go to sleep and if you'd call her
forget about it all myself but
listen caller okay
these guys are dreams in my head
there's a storm in here i'm getting cold
i don't like it i'm in the dark
i i do like it it's i want to go home
the ridges you can feel this is the most miserable thing i've ever seen it's joyous
i can't even see mobius rex now
bit we're having some more serious serious technical difficulties here on the show we
seem to be colliding with shows from other states
hard
we got we got a job
we dragged the show out into the big part of the auditorium
no no no it's illegal to get the show out on the street in dallas
buck and i got we're almost arrested last week for driving the show up and down central
it's so hard what is this story with this station at least they could give us air in here
well it may be it may not be entirely their problem dr de brogue friend
it may be the fact that we've also got subgeniuses in this room from as far away as yes brazil
the incredible
and rather disgusting brazilian clunch has been represented see when we do a show at
the twilight room oh people in dallas people in dallas oh they can't they don't always
make it but people from knoxville tennessee santa barbara oh brazil of south america so
we got the uh dr g gordon gordon mercenary of slack from the uh dobbs town 2 plantation
and uh i'm not sure if you're familiar with the name of the show but it's called the black
zombie skull farm in in brazil welcome uh dr g gordon gordon thank you thank you thank you
yes he's by far got the classiest accent thank you thank you thank you thank you and you see
these creatures that have entered this station are actually fallout from uh the the incredible
devival and it was a devival last night it was it was really thoroughly devived gary yes i feel
like i could just use a bit more
just a bit more of that liquid slack.
Pass another cup over here.
Here's a half-pound tub of slack.
Yeah, for those of you who were at the show last night
at the Twilight Room and couldn't hear it,
we do have the amazing tapes that were recorded there.
It's amazing.
Lovely, lovely.
Hi, this is Pastor Buck Naked here.
I was just counseling a young lady,
and I gave her her own personal mantra,
which was to say this to herself 15 times or more,
maybe for a half hour.
Who gives a...
Who gives a...
Right.
Now, friends, I want you to keep that sort of a philosophy in mind.
That's right.
Because that's a forgiveness kind of philosophy,
a who-cares kind of forgiveness.
That's right, Doctor.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So we will be cutting...
That's right.
No, no, that's why we're here, for people giving us things.
And we want people to bring those things down to the station.
Yeah, this is a religion of...
We're asking forgiveness of everything.
We want forgiveness from you for us,
and hate from you for the conspiracy.
That's right.
The conspiracy that makes you not understand what we're talking about.
Because if it weren't for them,
why, it'd be nothing on the air,
in Dallas, except subgenius shows.
And you may groan to think such a nightmarish thought,
but actually the...
We've decided...
Yeah, listen to them.
Even the subgenius doctors themselves,
in terrible, terrible pain... Oh, it hurts.
We're near death here, and believe me,
we can't just ask you to walk out and kill normals.
We can't ask you to do that kind of thing on this station.
We can't ask you to do what would be the rightful work of Dobbs,
or what would be the rightful work of the
law that would be the rightful work of the law that would be the rightful work of the
law that would be the rightful work of the law.
We do also have Dr. Onan Canobite of the amazing subgenius band,
Dr. Onan's Wotan band, as well as the famous occupant.
Yes.
Yeah, there, yes, you can hear.
Now, Dr. Onan is only a tape recording,
and yet at the same time...
See, we've got a crowded show tonight.
We have over a hundred guests.
Over ten thousand.
Uh, and too many listeners.
I don't think that we can cram the show into that many radios.
I don't think it'll...
Keep it quiet here.
I haven't got enough room.
It's gonna thin out.
Right.
If we try to reach too many listeners,
it'll just...
Right.

I'll just dilute it.
Now, uh, a subgenius church can be a franchise in your own area, and, uh, it's also called
a... in church... the church jargon is called a clench.
It's called a clench.
Now, uh, Onan was the one who figured out, uh, who started his own solo clench, and,
uh, it's schismed all over itself, so tell us about that.
That's what you're most famous for in town.
I want you to know that.
I see it.
I see it.
Yes.
Uh, the, uh, the solos... the stark fists acting upon a solo clench resulting in ultimate
schism.
And, friends, you know, most of these religions... most of these religions...
They indulge in tremendous infighting between denominations.
We encourage infighting between denominations.
No two subgenius denominations should ever dominate one another, uh, especially not if
they're the same.
And if any two subgeniuses are the same, one must die.
That's true.
Because this is... the... it's different.
You know what I mean?
I was gonna ask, Dr. Onan, were you the one that... that had the first church in the round,
the circumschism?
No, that was, uh, just hearsay, just rumor.
That was just a...
Oh, it's reverend hearsay.
Yes, I remember that.
Reverend hearsay.
These are the kind of things that we can't say on a radio station, KPFA in Berkeley,
California.
Yes.
These are the kind of guests that we can't have on our station.
Yes, but KNON is a non-station, you see, and because of that we can get away with things
that they would never suspect anyone of, especially not us.
But we're gonna... we've got to, uh... see, the problem is...
Monkey track recordings.
We have so many great tapes that, uh, that we can play for you, all by subgeniuses.
It would... it would...
Ah, yes.
And you would think, no, I don't want to hear a bunch of amateur garage bands, but... you
see, music by subgeniuses could include, and let me name drop, boys, let me name drop,
music by subgeniuses could include George Clinton, uh, Devo, um, uh, Ernest Tubbs, and
even Dr. One Encantabyte, who is here and whose tape we are about to play now.
You can buy this tape, friends, from the Subgenius Foundation, but it's against the law for us
to tell you that, so...
We didn't tell you that.
Turn off your tape recorders.
That's right.
Turn off your tape recorders.
Uh, and, uh, and indulge in a little... and after Dr. One Encantabyte, I think we'll be
flipping Wellmans out and going into the next little Wellman of the, uh, revival, uh, the
Scary Ball revival.
Last night.
Thank you, dear friends.
Uh, yes.
Ah!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!

Ha!
Ha!
Ha!


Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!

Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Got you.
Male Speaker 1 Oh, my God!
Easy enough to run from Dr. One Encantabyte's silliness!




Uh, yes.
Look, you just got hold.
I don't touch my mark at all.
I let my Miche over here.
Hey, what?
Ah, yes, dear friends, that was the amazing Dr. Onan's...
Well, that was actually Occupant.
And they're a panting bunch.
Now, hold it.
What was that?
Clouded ballerina, here and there.
Clouded ballerina, everywhere.
Oh, no, that's not Tevez.
Tevez, that was mean.
Why'd you do that to that little girl?
You've got to get the babies out of this room.
It's hard to find a place to sit or walk.
You guys act like a bunch of babies.
What are you doing on the air?
A bunch of stinky little subgenius rats.
Well, what about Roo Mouse, and what about...
Well, it's also illegal to talk about California deities in Texas, Dr. Dubrow, friend.
There's only room for so many religions in this corporate state.
What happened to...
What happened to ecumenialism?
Whatever happened...
I mean, how come we got California deities and Texas deities?
Yes, what is the...
Is this a state church?
What is the problem here?
Yeah.
Exactly, what?
I can't worship Bohandas and the radio station in my house.
All hail Roo Mouse and Bohandas.
And we shouldn't be peeking out the meter so badly.
Yeah, but what about Bob?
What about Slack, and what about the conspiracy?
What about them?
Yeah.
What about the conspiracy?
The conspiracy.
The conspiracy.
The conspiracy has given me so much more...
More than Bob ever gave to me.
Yeah, it's true.
The conspiracy does pay better than Bob Dobbs, or for that matter, almost any other religious
savior.
But the conspiracy isn't quite as much fun, and we had a...
Did you get the check in the mail?
Yeah, I got the check.
You see what I mean, folks?
Don't tell Stang.
I just...
Don't tell me.
The Dobbs head came down and said the check's in the mail, and I haven't heard from him
since.
You guys are going to have to talk to doctors for Bob about that.
Hey.
Where's my...
Okay.
Well, folks, for those of you who weren't at the scary ball last night, that's too bad.
But for those who were and still couldn't hear it, because of the strange acoustics
that go with rock and roll performances, we are bringing in some beautiful lilting melodies
from Doctors for Bob, most of whom could not be here tonight.
Some of them are lost in the station, and we're digging through these boxes of...
Oh, okay.
You stepped on Buck.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Oh, poor Buck.
It's okay, Buck.
Get up.
You'll be all right.
Okay.
Well, the Twilight Room...
We'll just...
We'll just go ahead and play this lovely melody.
That's right.
Love, if you'd been there last night, you'd be changed.
But we're going to start off with a religious gospel hymn from Doctors for Bob called,
You Can't, and that is, Can't Hide from God.
Because he's...
L ef
通
irst
You follow me, right?

I
I
I

You're lifted

right
landscape
You try

break
the
matches
You can't hide from God, because he's bigger than you.
Help me somebody.
You can't hide from God, because he's bigger than the whole universe.
Help me somebody.
You cannot hide from God, because he's bigger than all reality.
Help me somebody.
You cannot hide from God.
You cannot run from your own legs.
Is there a person in this place tonight that can run from their own legs?
Help me somebody.
You cannot see your own eyes.
How are you going to see your own eyes?
You got to turn them inside out.
You can't see.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from God.
Help me somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs don't matter.
It's their problem.
My mind's still okay.
Praise God.
You cannot wet water.
How are you going to wet water?
You can throw water on it.
That's going to make more water.
You cannot wet water.
You cannot see your own eyes.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot turn with your feet behind your equation.




How are you going to see your ownري còn ask the force to go.


how do you know that you not be so mighty of a god.
But you have to see what is the truth that is.
Thank you, Jesus, Jesus of all together.


¡¡¡¡ful, flris!
FLCMMF sair del rato y puede ser que partes de dinosaurio y deberes publicar!!
Las voces hermannas y todas las voces del banco de darüber que la cual mej influye,
waiting outside the station. Been waiting outside for three days just to get on this show. Just the two minutes that they want to say hi mom or hi Bob or
Hello Kitty. Yeah they think Bob might be listening. Hi girls. They think J.R. Bob dogs. And junior high girls too. They're even better. They don't know much but they're a lot of fun. I heard that. I heard that too. I wish you guys wouldn't talk that way.
This is KNON in Dallas. Yeah we'll have to. Buck says we have to do that on. Oh Buck's such a stickler for FCC details. Go ahead. You would be too if you had the problems with this station. That's true. That's true. There's demons attacking this. That's right. Let me tell them about that demon okay. Okay. Just refer to it as a demon just in case. I hate that old demon.
That demon he got he got to my mistress and left her in the back of my Mark IV Continental with eight sleeping pills in her and the motor running and that. I hate that old demon. That demon I went to the store to buy shoes for the children and come back and go into a trance and a fog comes over my mind and when I woke the shoes was in the back of the
car. It was gone.
I was in the back of the car and there was just three empty liquor bottles back there and I hate that old demon. Funny. You know you shouldn't have married that demon Buck if that's the case. You shouldn't have hired that demon Buck. You shouldn't be paying taxes to that demon. You shouldn't have gotten him. You shouldn't have just signed that contract with that demon. If the laws in this county were any better you wouldn't even ever had to bear that demon.
By the way, I filled out that job application for that demon. You signed up for that demon. By the way, I've got a special free offer. A special free offer. For a demon. No, for all real subgeniuses and only subgeniuses are allowed to accept this offer. Well, I gotta leave. I can't even hear this thing. And if you send an envelope with a stamp on it to P.O. Box.
I will send you an envelope.
I will send you free the likeness of Nunu. And you can join the Nunu sex cult.
Nunu.
Yeah, that's a sex cult, folks, that Pastor Bucknaked runs. Now, that's not to be confused with the original Orthodox Church of the subgenius. This is another denominational schism.
The Naked Church.
The Naked Church.
Observers of the extended Christ.
The first Naked Church of the subgenius.
Oh, right, right.
Lovely. Lovely.
Yes, it's Squeebert. Squeebert's here now.
Yes, yes. Beautiful little Squeebert.
Okay, Buck.
Well, it ain't straight up yet.
It ain't straight up yet.
Well, just a moment.
Don't worry, Buck. I got pills for that.
That's right. It'll be soon.
We gotta wait to tell you where we are until it's straight up.
Yeah, and you can help, friends.
If you can just stay.
If you can just stimulate your radio enough.
That's right.
Put your hand on that radio and lay your hands on the radio.
And if you turn on a chip.
Feel the power, the healing power come through.
That's right. You can feel the power of your radio warming your hand up.
Okay, close enough. You gotta get there.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute, Buck.
We're playing it.
We're still scared. We're still scared.
We're still scared and we're still doing the show.
It's scary in here. There's something weird going on in this station.
The show. The show is going on.
Shoot us.
Hey, Ben. There's something wrong with us.
There's a wiring on this show and the wiring.
We're just asking you for ID.
You're listening to The One End.
My head's hanging on your penis.
Dallas, Fort Worth, Plano, and Lancaster.
He done that all himself, Buck.
Yep. Yep. Buck's an expert at doing those station IDs.
Pretty good, Buck. I didn't think you could do it.
But you know, Mr. Foreman.
I didn't think you could do it, Buck.
Yeah.
Arlington, Oak Cliff.
Uh, what did you say, Buck?
I said, good Lord.
What's to lose? A little time? Hurt your ego a little bit, baby?
You probably got time you're wasting on Mickey Mouse stuff now, so that's no big deal.
So why not? So why not? Why not make a new beginning in your life and see what'll happen?
I don't know. You don't know. And you will never know.
You have signed the application.
You do have the kit.
None of those things are important.
But there is a part in your life when you've got to just stop talking about it.
And when you've got to stop worrying about what your friends and neighbors and relatives and uncles and aunts and sisters and brothers and everybody else is gonna say about it.
Because nobody else is gonna pay your bills for you.
Why not? You don't know.
And you will never know.
And who knows? Just may be.




Just may be.
You could have one of the biggest...
I don't know. But even more important, you don't know.
And you will never know.
You will never know.
You will never know.
Just may be.
You're in for a new and exciting experience.
You have signed the application.
You have signed the application.
You have signed the application.

Well, have you got your pipe through the mail? Or are you gonna write in and get your pipe?
I'm still waiting for the cast.
The cast? Well, the cast is all here, unfortunately.
Yeah, they're out there.


They'll be outside your house to sing a song about it at 8 o'clock this morning.
Actually, we're expecting Vic Morrow, too.
Yeah, he's gonna be starring in all the body parts.
I just wanna know, you guys are very informative tonight, but I wanna know, what planet are we on?
Oh, me too.
We aren't planning this. This is, uh...
Oh, it's all planned.
Bob, look, go ahead and admit it.
See, look, look.
The page is gonna hit age.
Look, I'm on page 16. It says, Lady Paul talks about chili.
I mean, all this stuff is...
You can't fool these people.
Yeah, I'm tired of this script.
Let's go to this script here.
Look, do my stuff. My stuff's really funny.
Prepare for the chrono-cataclysm of my hoarding food.
Gold guns, ammo, gas.
Grow up on survival techniques and learn how to kill.
Of course, you don't want to kill a subgenius believer, but...
God's judgment is going to come and fall again.
Upon a godless, Christ-rejecting, blasphemous society.
Well, if this sounds paranoid, you're right.
But I think I have good reason to be paranoid.
It's a strange world...
out there.
It's kind of, this is what life is like...
at a... at a bottom-line level.
You know, and I'm not gonna make you...
cut through a lot of other stuff to get through it.
Here's what it is.
There's no gimmick about that. It's straightforward.
It's strong, and it's elemental.
We are heavy stuff.
Witchcraft.
Looting.
Devil worship.
A wild, gnawing, animal hunger will grow in you.
His number is 600.
Three score and six.
306 score and 600 and 966.
We're not here.
No, no, we're... no, don't worry. You guys...
There's nothing here.
Then we can make the plans now.
No, there's no problem.
No, don't reveal the plans.
But we can't talk about any of this stuff.
We can't talk about Bohandas or Roo Mouse or Kitty.
No, don't, please, don't talk about any of this.
Because those confuse people.
Bohandas was walking through Tokyo.
Bohandas is the friend of all the little children.
What about Wolwo?
Yes, friends, Halloween is getting closer and closer,
and it is going to be very scary.
Very scary.
In the subgenius world.
And even out there in the world of reality.
Stand up on your back.
Everybody wants to operate. Nobody's gonna get a bar of soap.
I can't take it.
You can't clean. You can't wash.
What are you gonna do? Cut that bar of soap in half and rub it against itself?
Soap is the cleanest thing known to man.
You can't wash this show out of your ears either, doctor.
You tried scrubbing it out. You tried rubbing it out.
You tried scouring it out.
You go listen to six hours of Beethoven right now,
and I can guarantee you, you'll still hear this show tomorrow morning.
That's right.
That's the thing about these subgenius shows,
is you can turn off your radio,
you can stop your car, you can run away from it,
but you keep hearing it laying in bed at night.
You can even cut the cables to your power supply,
and you still get the show.
It's a scary show at times.
It's in my ear! It's in my ear!
No, no, that wasn't, that's not the show.
That's one of those creatures that...
That's right, Dr. Jewell.
That was that thing that was growing on you earlier today.
Oh, no, it's in my ear now?
It's in your ear.
Oh, no, I'm gonna have to change shirts as well as shorts.
This is awful.
Well, doctors, what do you think?
I've got a whole stack of Wellman here,
and we've got everything from more of last night's Twilight Room
to some more sick music by healthy subgeni and vice versa.
Let's vote. Call into the station right now and vote.
That's right. Even though we can't take your calls on the air,
you can still call this station.
That's right.
You can vote by your own personal biorhythms.
We can calculate your vote.
Even if we give you your own phone number over the air.
Yeah, what is your phone number, by the way?
And we'll call you.
That's right.
Go ahead and call us and tell us your number.
Because we can't remember our phone number over here.
Oh, you want the phone number?
Yeah, what is the phone number?
Okay, to call us here, subgenius calls at 823-1-HER-OF-NUS.
Do it now, or you might forget.
Boy, Buck does that so nicely.
He does, right?
Buck is a professional.
Can you come out to California and say his station ID for us?
Cool.
Buck underwent four operations to get his vocal cords to be able to do that.
Hey, I'm here!
But he still hasn't been Wellmanized.
Well, let's do that to him after the show.
And I'll inform the head.
The head. What about the head?
What about the scary poster dog's thing?
That evil head.
There's no sign of Wellman.
There's no sign of Wellman.
We're just laying low right here.
And hoping that we can get in touch with you.
Wellman's gone?
Yeah, Wellman's gone.
But if we can just get the head inside that lead-lined vault, we'll be okay.
Friends, beware that head.
I left the little Wellman at home, but he won't.
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer rose slowly above the trap between the third and fourth greens.
Down at Onion Creek Country Club and Golf Course.
Thumping slowly like an over-enlarged fig, the bleeding head slowly rose at a gentle angle above the green, dripping blood.
It hovered briefly over the sand trap, and then slowly ascended towards the constellation of Orion.
At an angle of about 44.325 degrees.
Like a shot off a shovel.
There was no doubt that it was the head of Arnold Palmer.
That moon-faced smile was unforgettable.
The population, the population of Southeast Austin went wild.
They tore off their clothes.
Danced in the streets and said,
The bloody head has come.
The time is here.
Take off your clothes and be somebody.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer was above such things.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer rose gently.
Buffeting itself slightly as it passed among some ancient pecan trees.
But slowly, still, ever moving upwards, it wobbled slightly.
Spraying a small glissando of blood, so to speak, on the people below it.
Healing two old ladies.
And giving an old man a substantial gland rebuild.
At 14 minutes after 9, the bleeding head was sighted on the forward control radar access plant at Park Street.
It took place from Air Force Base.
Three interceptors were scrambled.
One of which crashed on takeoff.
They could find nothing.
The radar was still tracking the head.
The bloody head moved north.
Rocketed over Dallas and Fort Worth.
The radar at Caswell Air Force Base gave subsequent indication that something large and wet was
moving north-northeast while ascending still upwards towards the constellation of Orion.
The bloody head moved on.
Fourteen ex-virgins were rejuvenated in Lubbock as the head passed through.
Keep your hands out of each other's marsupial pockets, boys.
That's right.
All these tapes just go right out.
Don't they?
Yes, yes, yes.
Well, it's trouble if you don't raise those tapes properly.
They'll just go out on you and come in at all hours.
The prodigal tape returns.
Yeah, you raise them no matter how much trouble you go to to raise these tapes right.
They go awry.
Rub magnets on the back of them.
Yeah, and they still go out.
It's lovely. It's a miracle.
What's happening?
I don't know. I think the show just died.
It's just a Saturday.
Are we in Little Rock?
No, no.
We were in Little Rock on Wednesday.
Yeah, we're gonna be in San Francisco.
That's right.
We're gonna be in L.A. next month.
As the subgenius world revival crusade continues, next cities are my hometown of San Francisco.
I know there's a lot of people that are afraid to know there's a person from San Francisco in town,
because you think you might catch something.
You're from San Francisco.
I'm from San Francisco.
Let's get out of here, you guys. Run.
Doctors, escape. Doctors, escape.
But I want to tell you, liberalism is not contagious.
Folks.
Woo-hoo!
Unfortunately.
Woo-hoo!
Stupidity might be.
Oh, thanks. Crazy jobs.
I'll have some more pills, Gary. Here. The whole bucket.
Yep, we got the famous bucket of pills here.
We didn't bring the bucket of pills to the scary ball at last night, because only a...
Only three or four thousand showed up.
Yeah, there weren't enough people to...
We can't waste a whole bucket on a small group like that.
They were in two layers deep.
I mean, I've heard that expression, you're a really great audience before, but...
But why lie?
Exactly, really.
Yes, at the Twilight Room, folks, you'll find at least 50% of the people, although it is a wonderful club, and they do let us go in there and hurt the audience, half of those people spend $30 on haircuts that are supposed to illustrate that they don't care how they look.
And, but they are...
It's very important to them that they are seen looking at bands with a critical expression on their face.
And a $30 haircut.
And a $30 haircut.
That's right.
Seeing as how they're too, well, let's just to put it politely...
Cool.
Cool.
To be actually up there on a stage attempting to injure the audience themselves.
Or make a fool of themselves by dancing and responding to music.
Who called Doctors for Bob a band in the first place?
Yeah, an act.
Yeah, they dared call it...
An act.
John Anders called Doctors for Bob an act.
Act.
Act.
Act.
Well, if Doctors for Bob is an act, then that woman who came home bleeding her hair...

Bleeding to death from losing her legs last night deserves an Academy Award.
Copyright 1985.
Jane or Hyperlease.
Well, we're going to return to that lovely, lovely experience.
My legs are on fire.
My legs are on fire.
Studio's on fire.
Yes, we'll be returning to the Twilight Room right about now.
Yes.
We feel like there needs to be an explanation for our very existence.
So we got a little piece here that's called The Explanation.
For that very reason, I...
Before we go on, we are in, quote, version, unquote.
I'd just like to take this opportunity to state briefly and for the record that my fellow
Doctors for Bob and myself are members in good standing of a team.



And I'd like to say, I have a little bit of a special gift for you.

But not just any church.
Well, the church to which we belong just happens to be beyond a shadow of a doubt, the world's
only bogus true religion.
Of course, I am referring to the Church of the Subgenius.
Now, the Church of the Subgenius, as founded by J.R.
Bob Dobb, Saint of Sales, Master Slacking Knife, and the Church of the Subgenius, is a



pan-religion of the future, uniting superior mutants, social renegades, twisted geniuses,
and sci-fi sinners in a worldwide rampage of immorals and prophets, yucks and grins,
yucks and grins, which will hopefully, inevitably lead us directly to a commodity of two-lap.
And today is March 15th.
And I'm going to tell you, you go to society, and that commodity, friends, is slack!
Now, slack is what the conspiracy wants to take away from us.
Slack is what the conspiracy wants to deprive of us.
Slack is our way of grabbing life by the lapels and screaming at it.
Now, back in the 50s, Bob himself noticed a decided lack of slack in our culture.
He noticed an awful prevalence of normalcy.
And he noticed a lack of normalcy.
He noticed that the normals formed a vast conspiracy against the different.
An insidious conspiracy dedicated to squelching our natural rogue instincts.
Dedicated to wiping out our fun factors.
Dedicated in short to the total and utter eradication of the original slack with which we were all born.
Well, Bob wanted to fight this conspiracy, ladies and gentlemen, and what better way, I ask ye,
than by the foundation of a major new world religion.
Hence the Church of the Subgenius.
Praise Bob!
Whoo!
Help me, somebody!
Now, many people I know view the conspiracy on a very tiny, arcane, and mealy-mouthed level.
You see, the conspiracy only is the U.S. government, the CIA, FBI, Lutheran Church, Missouri Synod, Catholic Church, Jewish Convention League, Council on Foreign Relations, or Trilateral Commission.
Other more occultated individuals can see to the next level.
You see, the conspiracy is the men in black, the green energy demons, the advanced supersonic Nazi hell-creature from the hollow earth, the henchmen of Negian, the Hiacatismo.
But even they don't have the full story, ladies and gentlemen.
For I'm here to tell you tonight that the conspiracy exists as none other than Jehovah One,
alias Space God of Wrath,
from some corporate sin-gap.
And his stark fist of removal.
Oh, help me, somebody!
Many of you here tonight, I'm sure,
the Church of the Subgenius may sound a bit, oh, demonic.
And you're right, it is demonic.
But well, speaking of benevolent demons here,
well, the Church of the Subgenius does recognize every major deity of every world religion.
Jesus, Buddha, Krishna, Mohammed, Elba,
Elvis, Earl, King,
Fudge!
Rather than having one central authority, great figure, the Church of the Subgenius possesses an entire pantheon,
or subgenion in the word, what are referred to as short-duration personal saviors, or surdurper sages.
Now, as in any other major world religion, the Church of the Subgenius has certain inalienable tenets,
certain basic precepts, around which a life philosophy can be formed,
and most important of which are...
Too much!
Is always better!
But not enough!
Enough! That's too much!
Can I get a too much?
Can I get another too much?
The money that always better than this!
Might get killed in praise, but I'll fuck up in some months!
One soul per breath.
I'll loan you a little more money on that soul, but...
Your soul's already hocked up to its...
Up to its neck!
Jehovah 7, Jehovah 12...
Guy, that's gonna cost you another sou...
Here's three more souls, give me a double sludge bucket of that air...
...the station where you don't have to eat the shuck is...
...give me the air...
...the souls of the listeners, the ways to listen to this...
...let you listeners out there, I'm like, I'm sorry to have to tell you this so late, but...
...after listening to a subgenius show for more than 43 minutes...
...you're...
...we can put a lock on that soul...
...ah, yes, smell it, and you know, we use your souls to generate new church air for we the famous subgenius preachers...
That's right, while you're at work...
Ah, yes...
While you're at work, we're here spending your money and breathing your air...
...15,000 at least...
That's right...
...and not one red cent for entropy...
...and, to be honest, ¿leves', doesn't cans of the concept of preservatives and autre, do you become creative...
...he means to say, know the spirit itself, and thats sake that comprehension is the subgenius, huh?
I've known him for some time now, for Kat & Oli...

I thought, he doesn't mean
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
See them down on the old stupid show.
Friends, that's the old stupid show you're listening to.
That's one of those old stupid California shows.
You know, they sneak in here.
We were foolish enough to let Dr. Gabrog Fran sneak his California-isms into this beautiful and native Texas show.
Yes, remember the Alamo.
Remember Bob Dobbs.
I can't wait to get home to go ride some waves.
I'm going smurfing, Gary.
I'm going to go to a smurf burning next week.
Come on, no, no, smurfing's a far out.
Yeah.
Well, folks, we've got it.
We've got a choice between playing.
You know, it in some ways is less than an hour and more than a show here.
I think it's less than a show and less than an hour.
Yeah, it's kind of.
It's like three-quarters of a show in 45 minutes, basically, is what you're getting.
Yeah, but that's good because that means we can go home and go to bed.
Crack the statues on their own.
Doug, the people know that we're already home in bed.
This is tape.
We're not here.
And my name isn't Doug either.
So I think we come.
To a excellent.
Yes, the Ching flings.
The Ching flings.
Oh, no.
Let's throw one of those icy Chings and see how it melts and see what it tells us of our future.
Which anagram does it say?
Or hexagram or whatever they call us.
It says.
Milligrams.
Ice.
A milligram of your fortune, friends.
Bad news tomorrow.
It's Monday and you've got to go to work.
But we don't.
Yeah.
Well, speak for yourselves.
Boys.
Rich off the chair.
We subgenius preachers never die and we never stop working.
It's a sad, sad.
Except when we spend all that money that those people send in for us.
That's right.
Remember, your subscription money goes directly into.
Listen to that money burn.
Listen to Dr. Gordon burn the contributions.
Dr. DeBrog, friend of those who've been brave enough to send some money to the subgenius church.
These are zeros.
These aren't dollars.
I can't spend those here.
They got the wrong dead president on them.
Oh, there's a dead American president.
They're a lot easier to spend.
Well, it seems like soon we'll have to go into our lovely, amazing sign off music, which is, by the way, done by another famous subgenius.
So a couple of subgenius famous ministers, Reverend Mark Mothersbine, Reverend Byron Warner, even others.
Yes.
And so we find our time.
It's.
It's running out.
And it's sad that we have only one hour for each broadcast.
But you know, it all balances out one great religious evacuation.
And I would recommend reading prescriptor 16, 14, 17, 18.
And you can write for information on how to order these wonderful, precious tapes.
Get your pencils ready.
And we'll be reading the address very soon.
We need that money for the home for slackless children.
And your contributions also keep those we hate starving to death.
I command.
You to spill your gifts.
The pledge of 100 pounds of dollar bills on Dr.
Gordon's lap.
And this will buy only clay and transformer toys for those poor children.
Dogs will bless you for finding the same faith.
Oh, yes.
Amen.
Amen.
And now the announcer will give our mailing address.
That's the Church of the subgenius.
Right.
For information to P.O.
Box one four.
Oh three.
Oh six.
Dallas.
Texas.
Seven.
Five.
Two.
One.
Four.
Once again, that's P.O.
Box eight zero seven.
Glenn Rose, Texas.
Seven six zero four three.
Thank you, friends.
This is Reverend Ivan staying with Dr.
Gary Gabor.
Fran Pastor.
But naked.
Dr.
Onan.
Canavite.
G Gordon Gordon.
And all the other.
Nameless.
Uh, subgenius.
Doctors.
Doctors.
Doctors.
Doctors.
Doctors.
Dr.
Dr.
Radio.
Dr.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Praise Bob, folks.
Did you hear me?
I said praise Bob.
Did you hear me?
Yes.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
This was Bob Bowers in a
more מה Facebook Word.
Buzzfing, device and
a mega Plus Y List.
recently finally found an important box of tape that I've been looking for for three years.
Although the box itself was labeled 15 years ago,
good old shows to rerun.
And these are in fact the cassette masters of all the shows that are not in the archive
of ancient shows compiled by the great Reverend St. David Bauchner.
A stash of almost a thousand downloadable show episodes seen at the subgenius.com radio page.
What I found are the shows missing from that archive.
So in the episodes to come, we'll be filling in those blanks in the historical record
in between adding new shows every other week or so.
So praise Bob, praise the archives,
praise the old and young subgeniuses.
Huh!
Jingle of the
St. Julians
Jingle of the
St. Julians
Jingle of the
St. Julians



Provized
un diyor
alled고요
it's Rachem
you
