Now, that would be part of the joke, part of this, because we're on the radio, that would be part of the satire.
We'll just say we're doing it. We'll say, no, we'll say we're doing it so that when we're really doing it, they won't know we're really doing it.
I'm a satinist.
I felt that's what you were saying.
I told you, Susie, you shouldn't have joined the church.
You fool.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
Now you know the truth, the hideous truth about what hides inside.
Put it away, put it away.
No.
Can't get foreskin covered, pipe.
But Susie, Susie, I could help you out. I'm an amateur gynecologist, a self-taught gynecologist.
Get this foretail out of the way, this foretail.
You're feeling good today. I mean, how are you feeling today?
With my hands.
I could check for myself. I don't have to ask you how you're feeling.
Looks a port low.
I'm going to have to take another read here.
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Self-Genius Hour of Slack.
The Self-Genius Hour of Slack.
I mean, I guess the dumb guy loves...
Ararabundi. Ararabundi.
You are a good power of his evil insurance.
And then all of you go, we're turning to bed.
They laughed at my face.
I remember after the explosion in the laboratory which caused the disfigurement.
Then when I had to see my fiancé, she turned, she screamed, she fled.
Yes, the other scientists at the academy laughed at me.
They called me mad.
My experiments at bringing a corpse to life.
Would they call me mad if I were slowly torturing them to death
with a Chinese water torture?
Would that be called mad?
They laughed at my face.
So that was why I decided to wear this lead mask everywhere I go.
But that didn't work. They laughed at my mask!
They laughed at my mask!
Ladies and gentlemen, many of the stories are based on actual experiences
I endured in my nine heart-stopping years as a cult member for the ATF.
Although some names and places have been changed to protect the innocent...
He's reading from a script.
I think it's made up.
Didn't it used to be that the ATF must be kept a strong nation free
from the pestilence of unwanted cults?
And we, who love this country, must constantly be on the guard
against the traitor.
The imposter...
I'm sure you've heard of the imposter.

The imposter is the imposter that the founders of the ATF

And that's why we, at the ATF, must assume extra-constitutional powers
to eradicate this weed from America's sacred soil.
Join us this and every week as we continue our crusade.
You know what?
And yet you find yourself reflexively thanking them
for that spiritual castration,
that amputation of your abnormality glass!
I'm not saying that you should be thankful.
I'm saying that you should be grateful that you are a man!
Oh, life is a bitch and then you die.
One big treadmill to nowhere.
A cancer-ridden rat race around a sinking ship.
You'll marry some bland, dependable non-entity
and bear a brood of snot-faced, drug-snorting brats
who can't believe what a doddering dullard you are
and can't wait to leave or kill you
as you sit there, exhausted and trembling,
looking at some mediocre TV show,
considering your brain-wrenching degree of debt,
desperately trying to drink or frop yourself into a stupor
and wondering,
what the hell happened?
Well, by all means, pal, go ahead!
It's your soul!
There is a hell, all right,
and you're already in it!
And yet when the demons try to tell you that,
you think they're doing a satire or something.
Join us this and every week as we continue our crusade.
You know, one thing you can do is tear a baby's...
Shall we eat the rancid liver?
The iridescent, iridescent luv?
God, this stuff is rank!
You know, one thing you can do is tear a baby's head off
and then they go running across the ground with blood shooting out
about the next...
That's not funny. I was at one time a baby.
That's where the...
Don't make any noise. That's what I don't like about it.
That's kind of a gushy thing.
...from running around like a baby with its head cut off.
That's where the saying comes from.
We want to know about this joke.
At least let me tell the punchline.
That's where the saying comes from,
running around like a baby with its head cut off.
Okay, was that the punchline?
All right, thanks.
Now, the baby union is going to sue,
so we want to see you in court on Monday morning
about the punchline alone.
I'm not sure what I meant.
I don't know. I want to feel that way.
What's pink and red and sits in a corner?
A baby with a razor blade.
But you heard that one in ninth grade.
I just thought I'd tell you again.
That's kind of cool.
I bet I can apply that formula to another joke.
That's in bad taste.
Gotta do it real fast, though.
Doesn't make any noise.
A baby in a plastic bag.
Hey, we can start a whole new routine on that.
They don't have to be funny.
They don't have to be funny.
You can just say something like,
I killed a baby.
You know, it's kind of like...
There's no real wit to it, is there?
Hey, look, he's got his dead baby out.
But if you're talking about, I mean, dicing a baby,
I mean, can you say that on community radio?
You mean like a baby in a blender?
Is this like college alternative?
No, we can say puree.
But dicing is considered to be a little extreme.
You can't puree an infant on the radio?
Puree seems like it would be a more instantaneous thing,
whereas dicing would be agonizing.
But pureeing a fetus, now forget it.
Once they're born, no problem. Death penalty.
Pure protein.
You can even eat the bones.
But they have a soul until they're born.
That's the important part.
But why did the critics say that our new,
our new work was sophomoric?
What's wrong with infantile?
What's wrong with fetal?
Why don't they call our humor embryonic?
Spermazoan.
Yes, the Church of the Subgeniuses show Saturday night
was quite spermazoan, wasn't it?
It was quite blink and quite gleam in Daddy's eye.
It was pretty eggy, too.
It was quite zygotic.
It was quite atomic.
It was genetic.
It was DNA.
It was in my genes.
It was in everybody's genes.
I'd like to be in your genes.
Our inseams ran with slag.
You guys just take a word and say they're not wearing any genes.
Great gobbets of slag pooling up on the floor.
We had to slog.
We didn't care.
That's funny, right?
That happened ten years ago, and we're still beating it.
There's no reason to beat a dead donkey into the ground
or a dead, a dead...
You can't just keep beating a dead normal into the ground.
Oh, why not?
The audience loves it.
I mean, it's always a new crowd.
It's always new kids that haven't seen a normal...
Who haven't burned out on us yet.
It doesn't have to be funny.
I mean, they're all high.
You can't just keep beating a dead bobby into the ground.
It's going to do lots of gyrations now.
You can't just keep beating a dead baby into the ground.
The normals, smug yuppies, po-bucker Nazis
who are seemingly shopping around you
in blissful, self-sustained ignorance
actually form a vast conspiracy against you.
Unfortunately, belief in some big man in the clouds
in a white robe or some big Disneyland in the hereafter
will not help you a bit.
Will you be ready, my friend?
Will you have an out when the whole thing blows?
Be not, be not disheartened.
For there does exist an underground resistance force, yes.
An army of idiopathic deviants and angry mutations
ready to help you lash out, to make you lash out,
pretending to obey by day like gorillas in the zoo.
But guerrilla fighters by night and by coffee break,
they continue to fight for what was taken away
when they were born, dear friends.
They're slack. Yes, they're slack.
Thop slack, sex slack, medicinal slack,
all the slack.
Freedom of speech, freedom from work,
and freedom of religion.
Our religion.
Now our brothers, the Christians,
like to drink the symbolic blood of their quitter god at the altar,
whereas our warrior priest witches demand the real thing.
And guess whose real blood it is this time?
Now when people, when we say things like that,
some people go, well, this church is so genius, kind of negative.
Yeah, they, they sound kind of like some sort of fascist.
And they'd be right, my friend.
The conspiracy has hogged fascism for too long.
We're taking it back.
We're going to take fascism back for the people.
For the people where it belongs.
Fascism for the individual.
Patriopsychotic anarcho-materialism, dear friend.
Every yard a kingdom.
Every checkbook a queendom.
Every dog and child a serf.
But it's going to require a new prophet.
A religion based, a religion based on pure capitalism,
on the divine logic of supply and demand,
but unfettered by conspiracy-implanted neurons.

And it's going to require a new set of neuroses about what will sell.
As a great man once said, offer it and they will buy.
That religion is the church of the subgenius.
And that prophet is this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Avatar of slack.
An immaculator of this very age.
This is...
Yeah, it's better.
It's groovy.
Wow, it's kind of a lounge version.
It's an equal opportunity.
Cinesac religion, my friends.
A cinesac religion for strange people,
now a go-go mutants and descended masters.
A smuggled knife that one can use to saw free of the straightjacket
when the attendants aren't looking.
That way it doesn't seem like it's just, you know, a show.
It's an event.
I have trouble following this show sometimes.
You don't want to follow it too closely.
Why not?
Because of the fire hose.
Just think about the shows that come on after this.
Yeah, Philo's here now.
Philo.
Oh, that was you under there.
I thought this chair was lumpy.
Well, Philo...
She named her chairs.
You broke his glasses, Susie.
He shouldn't wear them there.
He's going to have to follow his nose from here on out.
Picture yourself in a car.
The part about the show is all during the show you hear like what sounds like the end of a record.
You cannot sniff the seat that you've been sitting on after the show, Susie.
Oh, I sell those later for coffee filters.
Your genitals.
What color are the walls?
Ladies and genitals.
Speaking of glittering genitalities.
Please stand by.
Ladies and germs.
Please stand by.
I never want to become some kind of Milton Berle for acid heads.
Well, your wish is our command.
It happened.
Either that or that's the only thing I'd ever consider becoming is another Milton Berle for acid heads.
Where'd Lonesome Cowboy Dave and them go?
Are they out with Philo and the Swingin' Love Corpses?
I don't know.
I'm not...
I don't know if Jane or Hyper Sleet had tripped out of the window, jumped, or whatever.
I still don't know for sure.
But I do know that Sting left town that same evening.
Is Brain Rot really here?
As Dr. Howe put it, his work there had been finished.
I'm talking about...
Hey, Philo.
Oh, Philo's waking up.
Hey, cute.
It's about time Dr. Truman talked about it.


Right here, right here.
Okay.
Tired old man.
Hey, you old poot.
Out of the box.
Come on.
Times hate to the Google power.
Times hate to the infinitive.
I want to eat.
The infinity of power.
Times the infinity of hate squared.
Okay.
I'll try it once.
Plus...
It feels so good to have a decent mic.
I've never once cheated on my hero.
Once a month or so.
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful.
Even a rubber banded one looks good, huh?
All right, now we're running the film of Suzy's Entertainment on Channel 5.
Suzy, I didn't do it.
I would show you my little black book if I could lift it.
Oh, I want to stay on the ceiling.
Put that forked tail away.
Suzy, keep that tail straight.
Keep that tail out of my way.
Oh, I'm sorry.






Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Now to conspiracy blinded doubters, the church might look at first glance like some fantastically
well developed parody.
A parody of religions and so forth.
That's understandable.
You know, after all, most people still think man either evolved from apes or was created
by a god and actually believed what they see on the TV news.
We're all human beings, aren't we?


First of all, they keep trying to force the natural contradictions of life into making some sort of sense.
And that is the ultimate folly.
That is what shall bring us down, my friends.
Now, to you loving Christians who want to kill us, think about it.
You worship a dead guy nailed to a stick.
We worship a head that gets knocked around by a stick.
We're not that far apart.
We're not so easy ground.
You know, there are, in fact, many gods.
Many gods who don't want you to believe in them.
That's exactly why we do believe in them.
To defy or else to negotiate with those very self-same gods.
Like Jason in that movie, Jason and the Argonauts.
Now, that was cool.
And to do that, friends, you need a new kind of Jesus.
A Jesus like nobody's ever seen.
The Jesus that didn't get nailed.
If you look deeply into the jello, you will see him.
But by then, it will be much too late.
As an anonymous subgenius once said.
And friends, in this church, there's only one heresy, and that is orthodoxy.
Peer pressure to fit in and be popular is the conspiracy's biggest...
trick on you.
Quit wishing you could be like those pink jerks around you.
If you're a loner, so be it.
You can't learn to think for yourself.
But only Bob can show you how.
Crack the safe of your brain, my friends.
Fiddle with those tumblers inside your head.
Knock the hinges off the locked doorway...
and lay into your mind.
And clear this planet!
Oh! Oh!
Shh!
What?
Shh!
Oh, I say, do that again.
It feels so good when I stop, doesn't it?
That oxy-sophomoric.
The instructor commends you on your last stretch.
That was very cruel of you to start whipping me with that tail, Suzy.
And besides, it wasn't hard enough.
All right, guys, we're gonna have to get serious.
Well, that was your fault, honey.
Yeah, that's right. The show starts in like four minutes.
Where's the DJ? When's he coming?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, you're gonna say, not hard enough.
When you were walking funny for two weeks, you're gonna say, oh, yeah, not hard enough.
Uh-oh, it's really starting to sound like a subgenius show now.
There's four records at once.
Ten infantile, pre-infantile fetal...
fetal...
fetal...
Your humor was quite fetal.
Yeah, we did that one already.
But it was new that time.
Yeah, well, see, that's how fetal we are.
We do the same joke twice.
That's fetal of us, is it not?
We're gonna have to check the microphones here in a sec.
Where's the DJ? When are we going?
Oh, we're doing sound check now?
We don't do college alternative.
We do junior high alternative.
Let's get a sound check now.
Kindergarten alternative.
Okay, I'm checking the sound.
Special education nursery school alternative.
Yep, there's the sound.
All right, you're on audition.
Embryonic alternative.
I think it's a bobby.
At least we got someone to laugh.
They're chasing after all the bobbies with their mallets.
He's chasing Philo out on a horse.
They're lopping off the bobbies' heads and rolling them across the floor.
There he goes.
I would call you a jackass, but I wouldn't want to insult the American Donkey Breeders Association.
It could be considered some kind of slur.
Well, it is a slur because, after all, if you can't call a jackass a jackass...
You can't do a Dames of Genius show, that's for sure.
I would call you a Nazi, but it might reflect badly on the positive public image and the integrity of the Nazi party
by suggesting that Adolf Hitler would lower his standards to accept you as a member.
Hey, this thing keeps it real.
It's got a good rhythm.
Yeah.
Oh, it's the orgasmic drum.
Get off of that.
Yeah, get off.
That's a dryer.
She loves that orgasmic drum.
She loves to sit on the dryer.
She puts an uneven load in there.
What thing are you talking about?
It's a dryer.
Out of balance.
Out of balance, aren't we all, when you get down to it?
Hey, guys.
We're going on in just a minute or so.
We're going to have a good time.
Oh, just leave me here.
Be cool.

Okay, you got that.
You have to come up with some ideas.
Oh, I'm a speed queen from way back.
What are we going to talk about?
Are we going to see the Rocket Away opening or the Hour of Slack?
Oh, we're opening.
Philo should be here any second.
He took a spin on that Rocket.
We'll have to make music.
Look, man.
I didn't have time to talk to you.
I didn't have time to talk to you.
I'm pretty .
I said that those are .
Friends, those of you, those of you who have listened to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour,
hey, Kurt, the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour and Slack will recognize as soon as you hear
the ringing tones of this horrible voice, the voice that is so powerful, so powerful,




so powerful, so powerful, the voice, yes, yes, the voice of, the voice of ... Boy,
he just went over there to talk with me.
He got scared, though.
The voice of ...
He got scared.
Senator.
He was scared.
No.
He's father.
Joe.
Joe mama.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Preach.
Preach your ass off.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
Preach your ass off.
The sermon tonight is a discussion on the subgenius radio ministry, the subgenius radio




entitled True Believer. What is belief? Well, Webster says, it is to view as true the existence
or possibility of a thing or idea. You believe you're in love, so you get married and wear
a ring on your hand. That's a nice symbolic act of intent, proclaiming you believe that
you will stay married until death do you part. But obviously it's not always true now, is
it? Because most people wind up divorced. That's right, like Jayner. If you truly believe
in something, you should be willing to sacrifice something. History does not remember symbolic
acts, only sacrificial deeds. Joan of Arc burning at the stake for her love of France,
or Socrates drinking the imloc out of Princesses.
A veil, the veil of France, the veil of Rome, the veil of France. All of them were crucified.
Lots of people have been crucified. Happened every day in Rome. But when Jesus of Nazareth
did it, the whole damn world heard about it. Now why do you think that is, dear friends?
Jesus wasn't a criminal. He wasn't a rapist. He wasn't a murderer. He wasn't a thief. That came later.
His crime was his beliefs and he was willing to die for it. He really believed he was the Messiah.
Now whether or not he was is debatable. But what is not debatable is the fact that billions of people also believed him.
Because of his belief. And more importantly, his sacrifice.
Now you're probably thinking, yeah but they were all experts.
Joe Navarre, Socrates, Jesus, they were all seasoned professionals that devoted most of their lives to a public performance that climaxed in some sort of sensational suicide or headline grabbing execution.
There is nothing I, a lowly man, can do.
of genie could possibly do that would have the same significance. That's what you're
probably thinking, isn't it? Well, let me tell you a little story. It's a true story
torn from the pages of history. It's about a little boy, a kid, a child. He was a young
shepherd, barely a teenager. His name was Stephen. And this all took place during the
time of the Great Crusades. All of Europe was trying to drive the Arabs out of Jerusalem.
The Pope couldn't do it. The king couldn't do it. All the armies of Europe couldn't do
it. But young Stephen, he believed that he could.
He went from town to town to build up an army to liberate Jerusalem. Oh, the adults,
they wouldn't listen. Oh, no. They were too old, too wise. After all, how could a kid
achieve what so many great men and leaders had failed to accomplish? But the other children,
dear friends, they believed. And they listened. The adults, they all laughed. This army has
no money. It has no ships. How will they get out of here? They didn't have any money. They
didn't get their Stephen believed God would provide an answer. He believed that God would
split the seas and let them cross. When they reached the sea, dear friends, it didn't part.
But something almost as incredible did.
Some merchants who worked for profit suddenly had a change of heart.
And they paid for four giant ships to haul this army of children across the Mediterranean.
Hard to believe. You don't believe it, do you?
But it's true. It's in the history books. And you know why? Because the children believed
it would happen. And so it came to pass.
When the Arabs realized they were surrounded by children, they were going to go to the
ramparts and be with the home. But the bodies collapsed. Behold the湘 flaming
Satan.
The liar who shall scatter away this land, they shall all who have not begun to die from

When they learned that, they were finally sharing yourvette and they were going to go
into Cher annihilation forだ Skeleton.
They sunrise right after what the Se Vielen were doing right now.


jaeh dilemmah did.
And we are in the city provefuly made to believe, Simon The Bayern, if it wasn't
公 flock to the gate for the effigy of this act of worship, they wouldn't have
Yes, dear friends. It's in here. It's right here in the history book. It says right here.
What all the other crusades failed to achieve was swords, bloodshed, and millions in gold.
Frederick VII achieved through mere diplomacy because Frederick...
Oh, wait a minute.
Oh, I'm sorry. Wrong page again. Okay, okay, here.
Ah, because Stephen believed in his cause.
He was willing to sacrifice himself to achieve it.
He was no great man, but a child, and so was everyone else on board.
It was belief that filled the sails and blew those four ships safely across the Mediterranean.
Wait, whoa, hold on. I'll strike that.
Okay, three ships were lost at sea with all hands because of the storm.
But even that, even that was not enough to stop their mission.
When that one ship full of true believers landed in Egypt,
having been blown...
Blown off course by the storm.
They marched off that gangplank, preparing to trek millions, all right, hundreds of miles to the deserts.
And they were quickly sold into slavery and prostitution.
I, I, I, I, I'm sorry.
What it was is the girls were sold into prostitution to pay for the weapons so that the boys,
so that the boys could afford to be used as sails.


Sex toys for the great sultan.
And wait a minute.
Enough of the history.
The point is, the point is,
they believed in something enough to sacrifice everything for what they believed in and their God.
And I bet you right now, they are all up there in heaven, looking down and smiling.
Assuming, of course, they were allowed in after all the abhorrent sexual acts they were forced to commit.
Ha, ha, ha.
But at least they tried to fight for something they believed in.
So now the big question is, dear friends, what have you done for Bob Dobbs lately?
Hearing is the word of our priest Bob.
Amen.
Praise the priest.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob the idol of God.
The great, the great Father Joe Mama.
Yes, it, God.
Oh, dear friends, you know science, this is a science fiction convention.
You know, ain't it a shame?
I mean, we should be in a big cathedral or something, but no, no, they decide, well, it's subgenius stuff.
We'll pay them if, as long as they'll call it comedy.
Yeah, as long as they'll shut up, maybe that'll work.
But, dear friends, you know, what's a lot sadder, and this is really the subject of my sort of sermon in progress,
that science fiction is not nearly as weird as science fiction.

It is a subject of history.
And history is falling far behind in weirdness compared to the daily news.
But what's more frightening than any of that is, well, as one person asked Bob,
are you trying to see behind the veil of illusion?
And Bob said, no, I'm trying to see behind the veil of ordinary reality.
Woo!
Praise Bob!
Firebirds and Camaros, as Dr. Filo does.

As Bob Drummond told me one time, are the cars of choice of one of the mainstream types of pinks.
Pinks, normals, mediocratons, the cage men, Barbies and Kins.
Well, now that can include subgeniuses in some cases.
Their cars all look exactly alike, you know, the Firebirds and the Camaros,
and the people who drive them are all exactly alike.
And they all listen to the same radio station, no matter what part of the country they're in,
because even if the call letters are different,
it's still the same radio station.
The DJs all say the same jokes over and over again at the same time of day,
and it's always real rock radio.
And it's the same songs are always playing simultaneously in every nook and cranny of the nation.
I don't know if you travel much, but I do, and all the cities are starting to look the same.
It's the rise of the mediocratons, my friend.
Everything starting to look just exactly like it does now.
It's the rise of the mediocratons, my friend.
Every city is the same city.
They're just spores of one great big amoeba-like mall
that will someday cover this entire benighted globe,
like an endless ant bed.
And from any given downtown, you can drive for hours through the identical mini malls,
the pizza huts, the apartment complexes, the housing developments,
in endless, endless repetition.
Now, that used to be considered dystopian science fiction.
Remember?
And now that it's here, we think it's perfectly normal.
Small towns, they used to all be different.
Now they're all the same.
They all have the Whataburger and the Burger King and the mall and the Cinema Octoplex,
while everything that made them unique or quaint or whatever
is swallowed up, friends, by the devouring pinkness,
the clockwork orangutans.
Attention, pinks!
In Sunsite meet puppets.
If you can step away from your new home,
plant a species of world first-generation parasite,
or encounter the whole world at you.
One day catch either one of these people and bathe in their own hens
before a monster gets to consciop right in front of him.
Want some?
Me too, me first!
And space of no egg in the incubator.
Things are going.

can eat it too, can you? Don't make waves, okay? Or it's more like, well, we're free
enough. Yeah, we're free Americans. We can indulge in the properly ritualized bad behavior
like going to the lake and watching the game and getting real drunk and beating our dogs
and wives. Oh, but that's understood. We all do that. Now going to the lake and launching
golfer heads while chanting and levitating naked, frocked to the gills and performing
acubating rituals with our neighbors' wives and dogs. No way. No way. No, it's okay to
supplement our sexual drives into things like despoiling the landscape at the expense of
health and self-awareness just for money because the only thing that gets our tired, twisted
old nervous systems going again is the thought that we need to be able to do something about

it. We might be able to buy more things. Your body keeps clocking in, my friends, functioning
on 10% of your life essence while the conspiracy gets the rest. You moron. They've got you
thinking that it's natural to work for a living. Now, what you want to do is real work and
there's nothing wrong with that. What you have to do is slavery, my friends, and no
matter what they're paying you.
You're selling too cheap. In the Middle Ages, they called it the obscene kiss. Kissing Satan's
bum was the way a sorcerer or a witch was initiated. And today we have corporate style
butt kissing. As Dr. Drummond said, bestowing that submissive kiss upon the posterior of
the cheap executive devil. The work ethic is satanic, my friends. Mark Bob's words,
and he's not going to say it again.



It would be our downfall, our doom. Our little aquarium earth is turning into a toxic toilet
soul farm, controlled by aliens and their conspiracy stooges. And day after day slips
by, time that you could have invested in saving the universe with Bob. Oh, but instead, you
sold those days cheap to the conspiracy like a sucker. Years and years out of your life
with nothing to show for them. But, they're going to have to pay you back. And I want
a bunch of paid household bills,
you'll never get any of those precious years back.
You'll just get older and older
and develop more and more chronic aches and pains
and regrets.
And when you die, the conspiracy will just say,
well, there's plenty more where that one came from.
Friends, it may be a little too late
to stop being optimistic.
But it's never too late
to start being totally and bitterly pessimistic.
Remember, things could be much worse.
Things could be a hell of a lot worse.
That's the consolation.
You could, suddenly, one minute from now,
be screaming in unimaginable pain,
half burned to death and trapped inside
the white-hot twisted metal and broken glass
and charred wood of wherever you happen to be
when it happens.
Or you could be lying on the floor
on parched ground with bones so brittle from malnutrition
and a brain so ruined by disease
that all life for you becomes that one little tiny piece of rice
on the end of your tongue.
Or you could be rich, rich but afflicted
with something caused by your own lifestyle
that slowly bites deeper and deeper into you,
but ever so slowly,
so that you never stop thinking about killing yourself.
Then they'd be sorry.
Or you could, conceivably,
be so wrapped up in your job or your comic books and movies
that you haven't noticed
that you've gone completely crazy
and that you've only been hypnotized
into thinking that everything's okay.
But actually, there's starvation and misery all around you
that's gonna catch up with you sooner or later.
But that hasn't happened yet,
so in the meantime, who cares?
As long as the power plants still run
and we can still televise yearly rituals,
we can still be happy.

we can't say nothing until Earth Days
when the Liberals congratulate themselves for being Liberals
and the Conservatives congratulate themselves
for fooling the Liberals.
And the ones in between are ground into dog food.
And my friends, there is a man here who can tell you...
I mean, you're sitting here going,
now, what is this Church all about?
I've got me really depressed now.
Is there an answer?
What do I do about it? There is something you can do. It's the most important thing you can do.
No, it's not repent and no it's not. It is getting slack. But to get slack first you must hate!
And the man to tell you all about hate is the very, his, we are all but infants in hate compared to this man, Jane or Hyperclink.
Stank! Jane or Hyperclink. Praise that man!
I'm an artist. I'm a celebrity. I created something with your wife that's different. Creating something with your wife.
Do you have the copyright on it? Having sex with your wife. Those are two very different things.
The show ends and the show begins. Another show cycle starting up.
They could never capitulate for the word capitulation is not found in our vocabulary.
Arm-pitulation. No, never, ever, for the word capitulation has no meaning. Snake-pitulation.
It's a word that's being taught for us. Tar-pitulation.
And if we are to fail we shall drag down with us a world in flames.
Now you notice that Jane or can quote Hitler or Charles Manson word for word. How about some Thomas Jefferson?
How about some Benjamin Franklin? Some George Washington? I bet you can't quote one more kid. Quote me John 310.
He can't do it. I lied there for a while thinking. All I know is Satanism.
Hey Stank, how long does our battery last in that our Grasmatron?
Wasn't operating in South America.
It could capitulate. I mean we are kind of broke. I mean I could actually get a job.
The word capitulation could be found in our vocabulary.
Well look here's a dictionary right here. Capitulation. To surrender.
Abject self-abasement. To just completely and totally give up.
Unconditionally give in to one's opponent. That's Webster's Third American edition, 1994.
While the rest of society sleeps, the church fizzly goes about laying the ground on their bloody hangover.
The so-called X-Day, when every non-coal member is eliminated in a general massacre.
See why you ride the pot so close, Doug?
The A-T-F.
Either sit or get off the pot.
Exactly.
Sit or get off the volume pot.
Either smoke or get off the pot.
Or the smoke pot, as they say in Hollywood. The brain is smoking.
The $50 subgenies of strange ritualistic cults.
Is the show over yet? Did it ever start?
Don't answer that either way.
I'm afraid it's going to happen.
Turn the normal.
I'm sorry darling, but the...
Now tap dance?
I know you love the show, Tavis.
Back up, back up.
Don't touch my hair.
Stand back please.
Don't touch my hair.
I saw Elizabeth Montgomery wiggle her nose.
Genius deities leaving the room. Everybody stand back.
We're all insolent till proven silky.
Okay, move up the guard dogs.
Look, I can't do you when I'm working, baby.
Look, I don't sit on the edge of the bed and yell stuff at you when you're working.
You know, it's easy to just sit there and criticize, but I mean, how easy is it to sit there and...
All right, that's it, Chandler. You just blew her cover.
...be creative. Just sit there and, you know, make a...
Oh, and I didn't get to watch the show.
She was about to give the church $500, but no, she had to listen to a joke and now she's gone.
Well, guys, we can...
Have we done any jokes tonight?
We're going to have to write some jokes and stuff like that.
You are the joke.
We go on here and just...
You, the listener, are the joke.
You.
The very butt of this foul radio show.
You say something funny, don't make me laugh.
You have been listening to...
WREK Atlanta.
And...
This is only a test.
You probably think everything we say is a lie, but it isn't true.
Yeah, you're on KPFA 94.1 in Berkeley, California right now.
We haven't even started to lie yet. We haven't had to.
That's the truth.
There is no truth.
You're also on...
I don't even understand what we do. What is this?
Magnetic tape.
What are we doing? Why did we start all this?
It was to prize Bob.
Get slack.
Destroy the conspiracy and to hate the normals.
It's as simple as that.
One, two, three, four.
In that order.
Starting with the praising Bob.
I noticed we never did that.
Seems like we've forgotten about Bob.
Seems like we've forgotten this was a war for the...
We're about to burn out old farts.
When did this happen?
Do the sacred noise.
We have to get back to the orthodox stang, brainwash everyone mentality.
Yeah.
What about the orthodox stang-ian megaphistopelogism?
Oh, yeah. We can't do anything creative.
The fundamentalists just got into the church.
It always has to go back to Bob.
Kill the normals.
All those old 1981 concepts that he just keeps pushing year after year.
My friends are tuning in at two o'clock.
Where he tries to grow into something else.
Oh, bring it back to the same old Bob.
You're gonna turn on and get the regular...
The kind of joke you might see in a 50s sitcom.
Hold on.
We're going on the air now, so hold on.
I have a special relationship with my...
Oh, I'm not dressed.
We're breaking air now.
Listen, I'm starting to record the show.
We're breaking wind.
We're ready.
I've got a one-hour tape.
I'm trying to record the tape.
We're ready to zygote.
I'm ready to zygote.
I'm ready to zygote this show.
I don't want a bunch of music on this thing.
Let's just dump it down the shunt.
Is this the sport that you guys were talking about?
Ooh.
Let's dump the show.
Send it right on down the shunt.
You can't listen to...
Which one is the abort switch?
Hand me the coat hanger.
I'll do it myself.
You can't listen to your own show.
Oh, my God.
You can't call your own telephone.
You can't...
It's hideous.
You can't see with your own eyes.
You can't talk with your own mouth.
You can't think with your own brain.
You can't start fire with your own...


With your own lighter.
With your own...
Wait a minute.
But that does make sense.
Why are we saying...
But you can do all these things.
It's just religion.
It's a leap of faith.
It doesn't have to make sense.
You can't hear.

It doesn't make sense for us to make sense.
You can't use your mind to think about your religion.
Two words were never spoken.
There we go.
Finally.
Two lies were never screamed, were never babbled.
Think about your religion now.
I'm going to start the recording.
More false schizophrenia was never babbled.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
We got a song.
We're on the air.
In ten seconds.
Three.

First.
Welcome.
You are listening to...
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
More than an hour of Slack and less than an hour of Slack.
Less than a show.
Less than a true experience.
Double your slack back if not...
We could go on and on about it.
Well, boys, was it good for you?
We just did.
Follow the script, okay?
All right.
All right.
Hand me a wet nap.
Now we're going to slip the little show condom over the antenna.
You give good show.
Okay.
Hi, guys.
I'm late.
I'm late.
Let's slip these trash bags over the microphones.
We do get kind of juicy when we start venting.
Now, are we going to start ranting now?
Right now.
Go ahead.
Now.
When do we start acting silly?
When do we start acting insane?
When do we start ranting and babbling?
When do we do the humor?
The humor.
Stop.
Listen.
I don't know how to be funny.
Wait.
I'm going to stop the tape and start over again.
Okay?
This is a bad beginning.
Okay.
All right.
Kurt's funny.
All you have to do is look at him.
One, two, three.
The subgenius hour of slack.
You call this slack?
I haven't slept three hours in all weekend.
Don't superstar me.
I don't think we're going to pull it off.
Can we cut that?
There's scissors.
I think there's scissors space.
Don't compare me with Chad.
Let's start over.
Don't compare me with Groucho Marx.
We've got time.
We can do this right.
Don't compare me with WC Fields.
Don't compare me with Jonathan Winters or Robin Williams.









I was thinking John Wilkes Booth.

They had what they had to say and do, and I have what I had to say and do.
I'm a snake. I'm an eagle in the desert. I'm a coyote.
You're stuck play-acting as a human.
I'm not in prison. You are.
We've been listening to this now for five years.
We belong behind bars.
Man, we forgot to free Charlie. All this time we've been sitting here blabbering on the radio.
Charlie's still locked up. That means we have to go back to the 60s.
He's only in there because he wants to be.
I'm going to start the tape over.
Well, you know, word has it you shot Shorty Shay.
We have to start over again now.
Well, word has it you're an old woman.
Word has it there's a turkey in the sky.
Did you order the slings of the La Villancas? Hell no.
Did you shoot Shorty Shay? Hell no.
Did you cut Gary Hinman's ear off? Hell yeah.
Whatever that means.
Okay, Charlie, why don't you tell me what happened that night?
What happened?
That night. Let me see. That night.
You know exactly what I'm talking about. October 10th, 1969. The slings of the La Villancas.
Oh, that night.
Oh, yeah, that night.
The chocolate milk, the fork in the stomach.
Susan Atkins testified that you ordered the slings of the La Villancas. Susie said that?
You know very well that she did. It was the most highly publicized murder trial of the decade.
Susie's just jealous.
Now, tell me what happened that night.
Oh, yeah, that night.
There was a castle of Frankenstein, and there were vampires and hunchbacks and lightning and the whales dying in the ocean.
Oh, yeah, Charlie, you can go on and on talking about Hiroshima and the whales dying in the ocean, but this is your ball game.
I'm all alone in the world?
Yeah.
On this one, I'm afraid you are.
Yeah, okay, thank you for that very funny show, very wise words of encouragement for this radio program.
Everybody else want to start sweeping this place up?
Listen, I need this tape for tomorrow.
I'm not a lawmaker. I'm a lawbreaker.
And this time, don't take the light bulbs with you when you leave.
Listen, I'm really sorry. I can't record this thing. I need this tape for the Klingon.
What happened that night at that radio show?
I'm hand recording it for you.
Oh, yeah, that night at the radio show.
I will magnetize tape by hand and hieroglyphics.
There was lightning in Castle Frankenstein.
I'm a slow learner. I can't pick up that Klingon.
John Carradine is the mad scientist.
Klingonese.
And, you know, memorizing.
Bell Lugosi dying in the ocean.

Let's just kill this show. It's not working.
It's directed by Al Ackerman.
Oh, you can stake through the heart. That's the usual.
You can go on and on about Bell Lugosi dying in the ocean.
Let's poison it. Let's poison this show.
What's around here?
Record cleaner. We can kill this show with record cleaner.
This show is your...
Where's the mouth? There's all these slots.
This is your ball game. You mean I'm all alone on this show?
Hey, this is alcohol. We can pour it all over the board and light it.
This is just crazy enough to work.
We can just like, you know...
Don't use that word.
Oh, God, that was close.
Work is a four-letter word.
No, I don't mind work. I can watch it for hours.
We can just move our lips and let someone else lip sync what we're trying to say.
Yeah, this has all been prerecorded.
Sink into the lips?
Because none of it is real.
We'll do an interactive show where like, you know, have it just silence and the audience fills in the blank void.
And just got the sincerity just dripping like honey off of our voices.
Hey, St. Jane or Harper Cleats, my friend!
The tongue!
You can cut off one Jane or tongue and a thousand more will grow in the ocean.
And the ocean will grow in its place.
You'll love this new method he's come up with for exterminating nine-tenths of the population at once.
Through acubating, time control, and memory editing, dear friends.
Now, Sister Susie the floozy is going to come up, I believe, pretty soon.
But I was just thinking, boy, that videotape is about to get over into the lewd and lucidious stuff.
Almost by coincidence.
Yes, exactly.
It'll be just perfect.
And we will, all of us, learn to pull the wool over our own eyes and relax in the safety of our own delusions, as Bob taught us.
Yes, you can also learn in this church, you can learn to masturbate without going blind.
You can perform astral, astral sex with anyone you meet.
It's not pornography, ma'am, officer.
It's impassion.
It's empowerment.
You can learn to live with your sins because Bob Dobbs is a sex god.
And he has come again and again to justify your sins.
To teach you about the sacred doctrine of sex hurt until it feels so good that it hurts.
You too can be a Jedi Knight of sex energy.
And, oh ma'am, you won't care how dumb he is when you see the incredible results.
A purer squirt, my friends, than drugs, the Bible, or even TV.
But best of all, best of all, and I know this is going to be meaningful to some of you in here,
but yet, you can be a virgin or an atheist and we'll still let you be a subgenius.
Moses, as Steve Anzac once said, Moses parted the Red Sea.
Oppenheimer split the atom.
But J.R. Bob Dobbs cut the crap.
As Papa Joe Mama once said, if man had been meant to feel guilt, he would not have been born with a Bob.
Now Bob Dobbs, you can bet, he will not die for your sins.
He's not that well connected.
He couldn't do it anyway.
He won't forgive your sins because he doesn't believe that you've got anything you need to be forgiven for.
Bob will justify your sins.
He will rationalize your very sins.
You don't need forgiveness.
You need what Bob brings.
The sloppy second coming, dear friends.
God, God may be everywhere, but Bob Dobbs has already been everywhere else.
And Bob brings slack.
Yes, he does.
Slack.
That state in which you need nothing because you have it already.
And he brings slack without guilt because you will pay for it with no strings attached.
Yes.
He's the first industrial church, friends, ready to let the customer decide what it needs in a religion.
Only Bob Dobbs has paid all his taxes.
All the others still owe.
Meanwhile, we continue to exploit women and men and how they love it.
And Reverend, there's a mighty preacher here tonight.
She hasn't been preaching for the church for long.
She's been in the church for a long time.
She's been in.
She's a personal friend of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Primary wife, Connie Dawes.
Now, love corpses, I hope you're ready to do that proper bump and grind material.
Yeah.
All right.
See, this is how you can't seem to play Amazing Grace or anything like that.
I bet they could play In a God in a Vita.
We're still working on it back there.
We were practicing just then while you were talking.
Okay.
Presenting, dear friends, Reverend Susie the Flusie, also known as Louis Common Denominator.
She will be even Mona Lisa-ing the Heritage Landmineiran seasoning after her other shows like
IIия Mind ändernation and our special ubiquitous story in Loolee yOu.

We face ships from far and wide, such asotee and Wesleyanand,

Good to back you up.
You can always see me on TV, over the radio or audio,
or on their Don't Your Deus Family page.
Onizes and CDs are still available.
We really
It's in the shape of a golf club.
I don't know if you can see it.
It is a church game in the shape of a little golf club.
If only we had a tiny little golfer head, we could launch it.
No, no, no.
We'll leave that for later.
It's best not because if we did the head launching wrong, it could destroy the foundations of this.
Well, hell, let's do it anyway.
All right, it's time for the musical interlude, isn't it?
Okay, I come out the other side of China, but that's as low as I go.
Ladies and gentlemen, the subgenius, Hour of Slack.
Are we starting now?
Yeah.
Is this the funny part?
Yeah.
Go.
Continued next week, same Bob time, same Bob channel.
Could this be the downfall of the dynamic Dobbs?
Strange indeed.
Will Kurt Kursteiner be sawed in half?
What about the Fibber?
If he's lucky.
What about the Puz?
Flatman and Robin.
The Puz.
Human pancakes.
Stuck in bubble gum again.
Good.
Surprise, kitty speech, the Joker.
The dynamic duel.
Too bad the Churchill has to save your friend.
Ooh, I'm not cleaning that up.
Exactly, Batman.
And now as I make my exit, exactly as I planned.
Perfect.
Dynamic duo out of Slack.
Dynamic again inside the church of no return.
So that I may relish this.
My moment of criminal genius.
Have Batman and Robin found the end of the pipe?
You're not a nice woman, Catwoman.
Catwoman, you're not a nice person.
But am I Eartha Kitt?
Am I Leanne Merriweather?
Am I Julie Newmar?
That was a close one.
For a moment I was scared.
I was not frightened for a moment, Robin.
Haven't you ever noticed that we always escape the vicious ensnarements of our underhanded opponents?
Don't you know why?
Because we're smarter than they are.
I prefer to think it's because...
Because we're pure of heart.
It's because the script writers are on our side.
Oh.
Dynamic duo.
Curses spoiled again.
And the tar baby of religions?
Will Dobbs destroy all Gotham City?
Well, we'll have to wait until next week to find that out, Seekers.
Because we're not out of a lot of things, but we're out of time.
And this has been a special extension.
Strapped onto Bob's Slack time finale.
And I ask for all you Seekers out there.
And next week, we will have the right, rigid Reverend Mike Rofone,
who will have to answer to us.
He was supposed to be here.
He may be under Philo.
We'll have to go look in the body room.
Oh, and they're decomposing.
How are we going to...
Philo's so old.
Hand me those dental records.
The little trolley car's about to lead to the land of reality.
Quick.
No.
No.
No.
Do we have to go back to reality?
Reality in the form of that science fiction convention?
Bob Bob's crack house.
Here's your pipe.
Bob Wee's crack house.
And don't let this deter you from doing business with us again.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stamped
envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Yes.

































