It's chaotic.
Yowl Slack.
I wonder if this works.
I wonder if this works.
All right.
Just tell me.
Just tell me whenever I'm on.
There.
Is that better?
All right.
All right.
All right.
I see the second hand following, following, following.
All right.
Boom.
We're on.
Good hello.
This is Bud Good.
And I must inform you that Over the Edge will not be heard tonight.
Over the Edge has donated its time so that we can cover the subgenius executive retreat from direct from Sulfur Palms.
And that's where I am now, right near the gate to Sulfur Palms.
I see all the subgenius out there waiting to get in.
And my co-host tonight will be Puzzling Evidence, founder and co-operator of the subgenius church.
Hello.
Not the founder.
Is the founder here tonight?
Yeah.
I'm the only one who claims that I was not the founder.
Is Mr. Stang here tonight?
Reverend Ivan Stang is here tonight.
And so is Philodromon the Overman.
Good.
Bishop Joy of the Church of St. Stephen.
Good.
All the executives are present, it seems.
And of course, the theme for this year is the next hundred years.
What will the next hundred years hold the church?
That's just what I was going to ask you, Puzzling.
We have to find out from the people that are attending the conference.
Tonight, the super secret conference.
This one night retreat will be devoted entirely to the next hundred years.
The future.
There will be food, music, panel discussion.
The title of which will be the next hundred years.
Don't miss our awards dinner.
The next hundred years awards.
Yeah.
This little mimeograph smudge.
I can't tell what's coming up next.
Oh, I see the guard there is opening the gate now.
Let's bring them in.
Here they come.
It looks like Ivan Stang.
And the church.
And there's Bishop Joey.
Bishop Joey, our first executive.
I can't find my, I have my ticket reservation, but I don't think I have my, the code number.
But can I get my badge anyway?
Is it okay?
Yeah, here.
You're laminating.
Let's you get it backstage.
Thanks.
Okay.
Do you have to buy the lanyard, too?
Are you paying for the lanyard?
It's a highly technical evening here where we have all of these.
Oh, there we are.
I see.
I couldn't see where I was.
My space helmet was all fogged up.
I wonder if I have permission to hand out some flyers for my church.
It's going to be perhaps a little bit of a trying evening, folks.
We have to go through the entire process of imbibing the church, as you will.
We take it and drink the whole church.
We go through the business aspect.
I see Ivan Stang over there on the other side of the field and lies.
I thought they all were trying to get in here.
Where are all the subgenius?
There's a new bass player for the band.
The schedules weren't printed out.
They're out there at the table in the lobby.
Philo is wandering around confused about where to go.
We don't have some of their mics.
We have remote ambience mics located all over Sulphur Pound tonight.
There's Papa Joe Mama over there.
This has got to be the most amateuristic.
There's In-N-Out, which we can tune into and see what's going on wherever they happen to be.
I think Ivan Stang doesn't like the little umbrellas in his drink.
Could you tell me where the buffet is?
I'd like to start out with the buffet.
It's behind that big tent right there.
Thank you.
There's a buffet here.
What kind of a chimpanzee zoo?
I can't believe this is supposed to be running.
It's a business meeting.
Oh, there's Mr. Stang.
Yeah, they're hidden away over there.
What do you expect?
Get behind the front and figure out which little space helmet has a vibrator on it.
I'm scared.
Oh, look.
There's the little queen of UFOs.
She's buzzing around the outside of the ship.
They're going to see us.
I'd like to ask Mr. Stang a question.
As the founder of the subgenius church...
What?
Which network are you with?
No, he's not the founder.
I'm with UMN.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
This is Bud Good.
I'm with UMN, Puzzling Evidence.
Oh, Bud Good.
Right.
Bud.
So, as the founder of the subgenius church...
That's very funny.
After all these years...
Praise Bob.
...trial and tribulation, murder, divorce, I don't know what's been going on, but how
do you feel?
Well, that's rather a personal question.
How do I...
If I use my fingers, my fingers...
I reach out with my senses.
I let the sensory world wash over me.
That is how I feel.
In other words...
As a holy man.
In all these years, you've learned nothing.
I put my fingers out, I touch...
Nothing is what we strive for, Bud.
I understand.
That was a compliment.
Yes, we're...
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
I, too, have learned nothing.
Whatever...
If I said...
Yeah.
Did I say that?
Then pick up on it.
Now, we're going to move right to the orange.



I'm going to do the organized part of the show right now.
All these subgenius executives are moving into the lodge where they will sit around a
long, oblong, square, oval table.
This place has to be vacuumed in years.
With a big hole in the middle.
And they will have the next hundred years panel discussion.
The subgenius church, the next hundred years, why?
Whence Dobbs and why?
Whence Dobbs?
That's his brother, Wencesla Dobbs, Polish Dobbs.
Good King James.
High-popped Wences.
It doesn't work at all.
We've already got an 8484435.
It might be Michael Pepe, who was invited to come with us, traipsing through this field
at midnight here.
We're out looking at the moon, the dew between our toes, waiting for the business report.
How many subgenius executives do we have here tonight?
Is it a full quorum?
It really is amazing.
Onan is here.
Papa Joe Mama is here.
Some of these people might not appear on mic, though.
Dr. Howell is here, but his microphone is turned all the way down, as always.
He is not here.
Dr. Howell is not here.
He's not?
No, he's not.
Wait a minute.
If that, then...
Are we now in the panel discussion?
If you're not Dr. Howell, and he's not Dr. Howell, then who's that guy?
He always votes against the majority, so we tricked him out of town for this weekend.
So if it does come to a vote tonight, it should be unanimous.
Okay, here's the Howell mask.
So you can...
Oh, no!
I thought that was...
Oh, no!
Little tiny...
Well, I wish you radio listeners could see this Howell-larious reproduction death mask
of Dr. Howell.
Too bad we don't have any tapes of him to go with that mask.
Oh, he'll appear later in the show, I'm sure.
There are hours and oodles and hours of show tonight, folks.
Here, puzzling.
Look, I have my own mic, so actually, you can use this one, and somebody else can use
that one.
I'm a little worried about the next five minutes.
I have my special U.M.N. remote mic tonight.
As we wander around the grounds here in Sulphur Palm.
And they are...
I see...
The Christmas trees are lighting up like a phone.
Oh, I don't see anything.
Which one is that guy?
Are they going to turn on the lights or what?
Is that that guy?
Hello?
Hello?
So, typical college radio, uh-huh.
I see what's happening.
Sulphur Palm.
Okay, I'm going to go ahead and...

Can I be the first caller?
Yes, you can.
Go ahead.
Well, I'd like to talk to Gary Gaborogfan.
I heard he's going to be on the radio this morning.
Yes, he is.
We're trying to keep this mic down.
Is he cool?
He's a cool man.
Well, I'm going to sleep.
This show is terrible.
What time does the band start?
No, he's here.
Go ahead.
Speak to him.
Yeah, the drums aren't even out of the box yet.
The drums aren't even out of the box yet.
Not you, caller.
But you know who we have?
Ivan Stang.
Oh, yes.
The queen of UFOs lies...
Hang on, hang on.
...to the U.M.N.
Hello, Mr. Roman.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Hello.
Oh, yes.
Good hello.
I just have one question.
You got one answer?
I want to send you some vinyl that I'm going to be getting, you know, records.
Oh, is this a personal message?
Yeah.
Oh, jeez.
We have to stop the show.
Is that the...
Yeah, we can't really deal with personal messages on the air.
All right.
This is full-time entertainment here.
All right.
I'm sorry.
Bye-bye.
No, that's okay.
What were you going to send me?
Oh, some vinyl, you know, because my grandfather had some records from World War II.
Is there any sound on this vinyl?
Oh, yes.
Oh, good.
My question was, should I send it to your address on your website?
No.
Well, what's that one?
I forget.
I don't know.
Well, I'll just email somebody, I guess, and I'll get the information.
Just had that prediction about Burning Man.
Yeah, email me through the website.
I'll tell you where to send it.
Okay.
Have a good show.
Thank you.
I appreciate all the contributions.
Yes, that was a disturbing prediction that Dobbs made about Burning Man disappearing
by the year 2036.
The church just takes everything and folds it inside themselves.
Now, caller, you're listening and talking to a man.

I'm talking to the amazing lowerarchy of the subgenius church started over two decades
ago in the spooky town of Dallas.
Executive lowerarchy.
Not to be confused with the real hierarchy, which started in 1953.
Right.
It is confusing.
It's a church.
It's a religion.
But that was just Dobbs and Alfred Hitchcock and Dennis Hopper and a few other select individuals.
I feel like I'm descending down the rabbit hole of business.
At some point, we really need the
The church is a church.












This is just like a James Bond set.
Where's the drummer?
It is.
Oh, the drummer's in for the spider.
Well, I can see we're going to have some problems getting to the panel.
People just don't want to be that organized here.
Okay.
Great.
So it's going to be so much fun.
Oh, yeah.
That's really good.
Plus, David Meyer's supposed to be calling in today.
Oh, great.
Because I was really hoping other doctors would happen like Byron Werner's here.
Who are these guys talking about?
I vaguely remember these names.
David Meyer, he's a skier.
Oh, is it?
Cowboy Dave is here.
But he's partying up here.
Famous long ago.
Dinosaurs of slack.
Digital insert here.
Back in the day, that is day one.
Was that the Permian or the Devonian or the Carbonaceous?
Carboniferin.
Or the Carbonated Age.
It was the Carbon Fiber Age.
The Carbonated Peanut Butter got all over the microphone and was not usable for the rest
of the show.
Yes.
Either was Hal, so.
And it tickled my nose.
That's your nose?
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
Where's the Frock Workshop, please?
Somebody gave her coffee.
Hey, I was wondering about that, too.
Where is the Frock Workshop?
The Frock Workshop.
The Frock Workshop.
Now I feel like the...
What was it we were doing?
The Frock Workshop.
We have to go to the Frock Workshop.





We have to start again.
We have to begin the show now.
It's the radio show.
Get everybody lined up.
First.
Everybody has to be lined up.
Well, is this those shots again?
That's one of the inspections.
Line them up and shot.
Short arm inspection.
When does the horrible theme music begin?
When do we get to go to Malaysia adoption?
All right.
Who's hosting this panel?
I guess you should be, bud.
I think Mr. Stank should host the panel in the next hundred years.
Well, he's certainly the primary easement.
As we gather together to commence this augustion, we shall be the first to be in the world to

host the Flock.
First assembly...
What?
Who's here?
Now that sounds...
Is he drunk?
That sounds too definite.
It's not august.
I mean, actually it's a big question, the next hundred years.
He is drunk.
It is a huge question.
And we should...
And we really need Philo Drummond.
He can barely stand up.
He's who we need because he's the business manager, the closest to giving everybody the
business of all the doctors here today.
Actually, Jesus replaced Philo.
Oh yeah.
No.

Philo is here tonight.
Because Jesus is not here, unfortunately.
He's not with us.
He's busy during the season.
Yeah.
This is his...
The season of turnover.
Yep.
And he couldn't be with us, which would be great.
So the closest we have to an old-fashioned businessman is Philo Drummond because Philo
Drummond works for the conspiracy.
Always has.
Always will.
Yep.
Well, you know...
Jesus or...
Or Jilo.
Jilo.
I've got a Philo like no Philo you've ever seen.
Jilo.
Jilo the Torturer.
Give me some sound.
He's the most tortured businessman.
He's gonna replace Bob.
Yeah, everybody's tired of Bob.
We got this new Jilo thing.
Now, the flash is gonna bounce off that little glass window.
We're gonna make a million bucks off Jilo.
He smokes a cigarette instead of a pipe.
Which guy?
The Eeyore of the church?
I think it was Jilo.
Jilo Dummond.
Jilo was held in great honor by the tribe.
I don't know why.
I don't wanna be on my radio show.
See, we just invented another church.
Bud Goods just gave him another church.







They never say, huh.
Well, that's that one.
He's the most talented cappuccino stand.
Nobody here knows how to say it.
Praise Jilo.
Huh.
Huh.
Huh.
Huh.


Huh.
Huh.

Huh.
Huh.
Now, see, even...
You can even trace the evolution of the...
Huh.
Ah.
All the way from that basic up to the now rather stylized...
Huh.
Huh.
Huh.
And also, it's regional.
There is the California...
Huh.
Huh.
Huh.
Huh.
And what was the Texas one?
Well, the original Drumundian...
Huh.
Ah.
Which became messy very quickly.
Well, that's why it was truncated.
Way in the background.
You gotta get by a mic there.
Philo Drummond...
Into the politically correct...
Yeah, mic that...
He's over by the stage.
Um, no one...
Mic that Dr. Drummond.
Yes.
Mic that whole other room.
How about this mic?
Does it work?
But as we've asked for 20 years,
is this church to devolve into nothing but inside jokes squeals and funny sounds?
I second that.
I heard it.
And for 20 years it has done exactly that.
Bob!
Praise Bob!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Praise Jilo!
Oh yeah, that's right, Jilo!
Praise Jilo!
Praise Jilo!
Let's go back to the old church and...
Oh, check, check, check.
Yep, back, back, back in time.
Watch those calendar pages all the way.
Laurie's birthday party, that's an amazing one.
Am I on?
That's a pretty good one.
That was...
So we'll talk about that later, but right now, folks, it's the business.
Richard's not going to die and the band can get back together.
Dr. Esselstarek, are you dumping it into the tree?
All right, boys, the proceeds from the last Janer tape amounted to...
100 million, about 15769.
And of course, with the...
And the old church, Janer, and there was Sterno...
At 12% each, that means you all get here, six, seven, eight, dollars, nine...
Like Buck.
Yeah, that's it.
Buck naked.
You're not allowed to say Buck naked in the church no more.
Is that that new mail?
There are all these Texan churches, but we'll just turn off that sound effect.
If he was Dana's child, support we can say Buck naked.
You'll write to caller number 18.
You've been chosen from the Christmas tree of callers, and you now can address the show doctors.
Please ask questions.
848-442-38, 848-442-38.
That's a rather vague question.
Well, it's one of those Zen questions, apparently.
About five hours of building a church.
If you consider yourself a musician, in a sense...
No, no, no, I didn't say do your show on our show.
He does that on our show, too.
Oh, he does that on all the shows.
Oh, I have a question.
I got an answer?
Yes, I was wondering, is it all right if I knock my friend out with a shovel and bury

him in the backyard like they did in that one Beavis and Butt-Hitch show?
Good, hello.
If you mark the grave clearly.
Okay.
Only if you videotape it and send it to America's Funniest Home Videos.
Because if you don't tape it, it didn't happen.
Right, exactly.
And if it...
Not only that, nowadays, why everybody tapes everything, if it doesn't appear somehow on
TV, it didn't happen.
Well, I can always play it on the underground TV.
Well, that sort of happens.
America's Funniest Home Videos.
Funniest Home Internment.
But really, you should be asking a question of a doctor.
You have an amazing opportunity here to go back to the beginning.
I would like to know what's going to happen in the next hundred years if there's still
going to be LSD available.
Well, there hasn't been any available.
Of course.
But I don't know if it's ever going to be available again in the next hundred years.
I'd like to know what's going to happen in the Middle East.
I'd like to know if religion has...
Two months.
I've only waited two months and then the new little...
Well, why don't you just take that acid trip there and just relax there, buddy.
And then a hundred years from now, there'll be this skull with just these two metal teeth
around.
You talk about the Middle East, you talk about Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois...
Hey, there's nothing to trip about, man.
You know, the world is...
The world ends, the world ends, you know?
What about that LSD I sold you last night on Telegraph Avenue?
What about all that LSD we sent to the Middle East last year?
Yeah, okay.
What about all the LSD we just took just an hour ago?
Oh, that LSD!
That LSD!
I was wondering.
That explains a lot.
That explains a hell of a lot.
It does, though, huh?
What?
Hello?
I should have given him the bad acid again.
Are we going to get hit by a meeting?
We'll talk to my friend.
LSD trip.
Then he'll hook you up.
Yep, good.
You should know the one named Half Acid shows.
You're just going to drown in your own natural stupidity, don't worry about it.
Here, here.
Oh, no.
Good God.
Okay.
They're rocking out already.
Something we'd like to play for you out there in radio land is a little something that
kind of goes a little something like this.
A little something.
Well, that's a little something, all right.
Yeah, it's a nice song, though.
You know, really, the past, the present, and the future is just one big cycle, I believe.
Is that what you mean?
Right?
Huh?
Like a little something.


What's that?
Men I like to hear at the street.
You're like, there you go, Mal.
Loop clank, everything.



When I'm on the street, like a gooditet, gonna Franstopp sing our hit.
Now you already heard that?

You really like to hit the
性
and that's all you get right there.
Get the hang of it, son.
Yeah.
going to go i am not the fan of religion that uh i'm sure that the religious people would like to
hear on the air true church well that was was that was that gylo himself that just called it
notice he didn't use the pretty blue i find it to be dangerous prejudicial childish and and now i
think we need to realize that it's uncomfortable that could get you killed and facing 2009 death
of religion church of the subgenius was again left with the burning question
where does the church go for the next 91 years well according to the science of psyche history
uh the uh the stang plan calls for gylo to be retired fairly soon within the next five
weeks or so and then the church is going to be retired fairly soon within the next five years
or ten minutes and uh well then we have to move on to the next deity the merchant uh prince
you know who is apparently some kind of pop star let's trade the church for a winning lottery
ticket said jlo no jilo that's the new bob or the anti-bob or something like that okay it was
according to the it's based on michael sulfur lake sounds just like a a missed game
yeah only it really stinks yeah when are they gonna they built a little change
a little it's a stinky rj came from there well then why did we decide to hold this business
conference i thought we were supposed to yeah it smells horrible really okay let's
look let's everybody get some hot butter rum martinis and just relax with doctors
right over there this is great look what i got
oh
dinosaur legs
oh god
got five seats
cereal they'll eject any of them at any time what what what were you saying doctor uh evidence
i said i got some fried dinosaur legs over there hardest rock five sure for a dollar five
you you by the year three thousand three you'll all be frozen dinosaur legs
what is this like uh speaking in the main kind of something's happening in here it's like
explosions
or uh some kind of you'll all be eating the brofans
mammoth burgers plumbing malfunction what was that we need to get the plumber up here to build it get
the building guy back here this thing isn't working right it's making all kinds of noise
it's the final flush this toy are we going to get to any business you know i mean are you going to
give us a business well yeah but we're we're waiting for everybody to get here oh wait a minute
no you're waiting for the script to get here oh for god's sake everybody's here we'll wait forever
for that well i'm waiting i've been waiting for over 20 years for that you got a script in here
yet at least i don't have my part yet everybody's here they're all seated everybody went rubber for
that that's what my script says okay do we have an invocation here on the show yes could we open
with a trailer what is that noise that's a program wambling sacred noise of something all right the
panel is about to begin let's subject you to jersey filled i couldn't i couldn't believe all these people are here to hear it
i couldn't believe all these people are here to hear it

and now the prayer now i lay me down to sleep good froth good meat good god let's eat have at it boys
okay go ahead and cut open the uh sacrificial whatever that thing is the sacrificial sucker
let's move on into the dining room hey what do you think of this thing so far it's really
I can't believe all those guys are here.
It is pretty amazing.
That's what I'm saying.
If you get a 484-425, you'd see all of these amazing doctors in their amazing normal state here, naked on the air.
Well, I thought that was the press.
All those guys with the cameras, those are the other doctors?
No, those are the waiters and the chefs.
The new doctors?
I don't know who any of these guys are.
They're the waiters, the chefs.
I guess I've been holed up in that ivory tower in Dobstown for so long.
I don't know who any of these people are.
All living beings.
This is a test, test, test.
Is it butter?
Can I have a collar?
Can you pass the gravy?
Thanks.
Hey, does Acid Burnout Man ever call this show?
No.
He calls the Cleveland show a lot.
I can hear the doctors.
Some of the doctors are in there skinning their cats.
Is that what they call it?
That's what your kids call it now.
They're skinning the cats.
They're taking the bones out of them.
They're taking the bones out of them now.
It's a really horrible, horrible thing,
but that's the only way they can get their instruments tuned.
All living beings must eat.
It's not for food.
They don't even eat them.
They just use the cat gut to tune their instruments with.
Oh, look, Philo's giving a speech.
Cats use birds to tune their instruments with.
Well, what about the next hundred years?
What's going to happen?
I'm just concerned about this.
Where do I get the coffee in the next five minutes?
And where are the hookers?
They were supposed to be at this convention.
We got the coffee.
And what kind of way?
The hookers are down by the swimming pool.
I'm going to head down to the swimming pool myself.
What are you talking about, hookers?
General Hooker of the Union Army.
I'm going to be taking my bathing suit, heading down to the swimming pool.
I've got General Hooker's skull here.
Is that G. Gordon Gordon?
It sure is.
I'm going to take the skull.
I've got the skull down there with me.
It's David Meyer, actually.
I thought this was the Church of the Subgenius.
No, no, it's not.
The Church of the Subgenius.
That's right.
How did you get in here?
Do you have your pass?
No, no, this is the Church of the Duh Genius.
That's the trademark.
Do you have a pass?
How did you get in here?
Okay, so please ask your question.
Do you want to hear about the subgenius?
You're not wearing your pass.
You can ask any question about the subgenius and learn amazing things secretly.
Especially about the next hundred years.
Yeah.
What do you want to know about the next hundred years?
Yeah.
I know about slugs.
Slugs?
Yeah.
Okay, what will slugs be like in the next hundred years to the Church of the Subgenius members?
Just the same as they are today.
Oh, that's okay.
That's the good thing about slugs.
They just basically never change.
But what of progress?
What of evolution?
Something you can count on.
What of forward striving?
What of...
Slugs thumb their noses.
If a slug had a nose...
Can we not learn a slack from the slug?
...and a thumb, they would thumb their noses at the very thought of evolutionary progress.
I'll bet none of you have ever seen slugs.
Slugs screwing.
Yeah, but you know what?
Don't bet.
It's bad for you.
You've been using drugs.
It can lead to addiction.
Well, a long time ago.
No, and the effects are still with you now.
You must have used that frog stuff that never wears off.
I'm sorry.
You're having a flashback right now.
Would you please get off the ceiling?
Slugs screwing all in a circle.
Get off the ceiling.
Just take a deep breath.
You'll be okay.
You know what?
The other thing is you could be...
There he goes.
That's what slugs do.
Yeah.
When the slugs are having intercourse with each other, it's really something that's
very magic.
He's watching that one part in Microcosmos.
He just watches that one over and over and over again.
Slugs are hermaphroditic.
Isn't that correct?
I mean, some of them.
At least the last one that I was with was.
Did you chew its penis off, Dr. Drummond, in order to change its sex before you used
it?
Well, I didn't actually have to chew it.
I used a surgical instrument that I keep in my back pocket just for that purpose, alongside
the ketchup bottle I keep back there.
Okay.
That's right.
As well.
The ketchup bottle and the slug castrator.
The ketchup bottle's for special effects, right?
The ketchup bottle, the slug castrator, and my pocket knife.
What is the antenna go out and becomes male and then goes back to traction and then becomes
female because they do it with their antennas and...
They do it with their antennas.
They pull their antenna in and they're a female.
They push it out and they're a male.
I wish I could do that.
And when they're done, they stab each other with their lung daggers and they both get
pregnant.
Man, now that's advanced.
That's the quality.
That's the way it should be.







They've been doing it right for thousands and thousands of years.
Can I pass the peas, please?
Thank you.
Wait, now haven't you read my research paper in slug nanotechnology?
Chicken tastes like rubber.
Who's catering?
Did you say slug nanotechnology?
I thought the quote was this rubber tastes like chicken.
I'll admit.
Yes, it is nanotechnology.
Now that's what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
Well, bubbles.
Is that like the same as the bubble tech?
That's how I can have some cereal at 3 AM like I'm home.
Or is it, yeah, is it...
Is this mind deprogramming hurts?
No, no.
It's analog.
Analog.
Okay.
That's what I'm talking about.


It's in a log.
Okay.
You put it in the log and then you squeeze the log real hard and it comes out the back
end.
Millions of slugs emerge.
Yeah.
So slugs do merge slowly into the highway lanes and cause wrecks.
Aren't we getting ready for some kind of dinner or something we're supposed to go to
here?
I'm getting hungry.
You, Philo.
It's happening.
Oh, it's happening right now.
Yeah.
Everybody's eating and talking right now.
Okay.
Where's my food?
Where's my dinner?
I want my dinner.
We're a little short on help tonight.
I'm waiting for my sandwich.
Your free sandwich for being on the show?
I'm waiting for my hooker.
What about the business report?
Oh, the business report.
Investments, you know.
Oh, yeah, investments.
Yeah, we made some investments.
We made some good ones.
We made some bad ones.
We made some ones that were good in the long haul but short in the short haul.
My new slug hooker technology.
The good thing about our business investments is that they continue on and we use a special
secret technique.
We've derived from a little atom that we got out of Bob's brain years and years ago.
We put it inside of a triangle along with these crystal pyramids.
Pyramids.
This crystal pyramid.
Wow.
That's cool.
And that does two things for us.
It predicts the future infallibly and it helps us determine what our next week's menu will
be.
Well, it makes the banana peel stronger.
It makes the banana come off of the banana peel faster.
And it makes the banana peel more beautiful.

It makes the riser blade sharper.
Sharper but only while you're cutting.
And yet smoother and softer.
For the softest, smoothest shave you could expect from any slug.
A slug shave.
Crawling along a straight riser.
Leaving the trailing, leaving the little droppings behind.
The sludge trail.
Oh, it sounds like we're in a storm.
Is the prayer over?
I sure hope we, did we put a roof on this thing?
I think the fair.
Is the prayer over?
I predict that the entertainment personalities and nothing else will be in the future.
Okay, amen.
Now let's eat.
We'll be entertainment personalities and nothing else.
Sergeant Vredes, what were you just saying about the, uh.
Some prediction.
The future, if you want a picture of the future.










Of the next hundred years.
When someone pays admission to hear a singer or a comedian.
But really, what about the.
Radio isn't about pictures.
It's about images.
Wow, where'd you learn that, New York?
Yeah, I, I, I went to school for a lot of, you know, borrowed money, uh, all that.
And that's all I came out with.
So it wasn't pictures all along.
It was images.
That explains everything.
That's where we went wrong.
You mean, I always thought it was.
You mean JPEG?
Graphic, graphic portrayals of, of auditory devices.
I promise to do better.
Graven images.
That's all it is.
Graven images.
That's all it is.
Makes.
Let's get this next hundred years out on the table right now.
Let's, let's kind of roll it around and look at it and let's see if it's what we really want to do.
It will not tolerate protest messages.
Let's auto-tolerate protest messages.
Let's autopsy this hundred year plan and see what gas rises out of it.
Oh man, that stinks.
I've had some bad luck with gas recently.
And, uh, so I won't go there right now, but if you, yeah, if something, if you, if you have a bad smell later, then.
The next hundred years is a prairie squid crawling along a straight razor forever.
No, a straight edge.
Just the straight edge.
Yeah.
Okay, cue music.
No, we don't care.
Razor, blade, anything sharp.
It's gotta be sharp.
It's gotta be sharp.
It's gotta have a slug on it and it's gotta be in the future.
And, you know, with the snorting and the pig technology in the future.
There's no feedback what we make for now.
All right.
So where's that one guy who's got that, that one, the one thing that's supposed to make this show the best show?
Bob?
He's outside.
He's outside.
Oh, he has the slack and that is what we needed.
We haven't let him in, but he didn't show up again.
I think something was missing.
Where is he?
Where is that guy?
Where is that pipe guy?
Where's that what?
Where is that Bob Dobbs?
I think.
Where is that pipe guy?
I disagree with Chairman Bob.
Where are those ex-men?
Once again, we are exes-less.
There he'll be with the chairman, Bob.
This exes-lessness mess.
We once again get to stay upon the same.








We're going to the end of the earth.
It's chaotic.
It's chaotic.
Thanks to the non-rival of Bob's business partners, the men from Father Dex.
What a mission board.
Oh no.
Oh no, it's followed me here.
I was trying to escape this horrible show.
I've come all the way here to the left coast and the horrible, horrible other show has
pursued me.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.












God, I'm sorry.
I don't know why all the other guests just got accepted onto this show and they ended

Oh I just thought there might be some talking here.

we what town is this okay let's Los Angeles no we're in the Bay Area
oh okay when does the show start right oh should I start the tape now I don't
really need it but you know you never know when you can use them okay now the
tense scary part of the show starts this is where the scary part starts yep for a
hundred years I'm gonna get ready for the next 200 years not be scared I hear
that's now what is this the business report this is the business report or is
it the end of the prayer it's we finished the prayer we did okay it's
over now I did not hear an amen but I will take your word for that okay well
we don't say amen in this church I get you so it's sort of like you were
waiting for your cue it never came and yeah you didn't know yeah that heck
we've already been it we've been into the second part for like 10 minutes now
yeah yeah I know pretty amazing that I knew I knew you knew that intuitively
you knew it but I didn't know that I knew that I knew that I knew that I knew
that I knew that I knew that I knew that I knew that I knew that I knew that I
didn't really have it connected in the same yeah amen well they usually say
huh huh yeah that's it I didn't hear that either we usually say that's that
we amen we say okay now you said that right uh-huh amen all right let's get
right let's move right on into the business okay well why did you give that
I'm gonna I'm gonna give the business report now yeah what was next good news
and bad all of you folks could come together tonight
you're welcome
to hear this great business report that we have that's gonna talk about the next
100 years and what's in it in the church and I hope that you don't hold any of
those those allegations of abuse and corporate fraud that we have they've been
level I know I know I know but really it's it's it's all false when the truth
comes out it's just there's there's nothing there I mean it's just our
enemies
they do that they've done that for years they've gotten into our books
they've changed our Ledgers they've actually recorded things that didn't
exist and and when the IRS came in we didn't have any choice but just to deny
it we weren't there and we did not do that we didn't we didn't we really didn't
I didn't have sex with that woman miss Lewinsky race ability I swear or any
other woman but right in particular uh the the allegations of abuse of the state
I mean it's just not true it's just not true you don't need to go into that much
detail Dr Drummond so uh but say whatever your stocks are up uh expenses are down uh
security are the uh we've funded our we've given our share to the funding of the Homeland
security for the we want one of those those Star Wars uh satellites to hover over our
headquarters building we think it's important that it be close to us
so
we will have our own private Star Wars defense shield
I spent I know those are very dependable we had this sacrifice well you know it's
we figured three out of three out of ten is better than none out of ten
they work as well as computers and besides it's the government that's paying for it we
don't have to pay for it it's the government that's paying for it
we
we don't have to pay for it I thought that in visibility hand Guy we're gonna
tax The Land this time we're not going to tax people anymore we're going to tax The Land
and and once The Land pays up their taxes the people will be really happy oh he tried this
a hundred years ago and it only got us this far well we have to go we could only go a hundred
years at a time that was the last hundred years the smallest agreement we could afford stay focus
time and now maybe for the next hundred years we might break it up into like 50 year units
you know like two big two and a quarter 50 year units a 50 year plan instead of a hundred year
plan that's radical well you know the change you're moving too fast the pace of change has
gotten to be such that we can't we can no longer rely on the the far that the the outer reaches of
our hundred year plan we've got to we've got to have a more tactical approach to things we have
to know what's going to happen like say 20 minutes from now it doesn't help us to know what's going
to happen 20 years from now right now i mean we got to know like should i should i put my hand in
my pocket and or should i you know resist the urge to to urinate on dr drummond dr drummond
dobbs gave us a rule book of life but it's not a hard and fast thing that dictates every whether
you should put your hand in your pocket every five minutes
what what something somebody's there's some uh another another feed that's feeding in here
some guy is playing cymbals it's a hari krishna guy over there and i think what are we selling
we didn't we weren't other cults well actually we weren't allowing any other cults in here this
is an exclusive cult we we are we're completely we only want member our members in here the people
we can't have these freeloaders you know freeloading off our cult you know this is a cult of the people
a cult for the people and by the people the rich people we've got a well the richest of the poor
people and the poorest of the rich people are all together here uh in one cult one i'm beginning to
understand why we let dr control the business end of things yeah it's an amalgam amalgam a deposit
it's a complete deposit he learned that at bob bob talked to drummond every
thing he knows piled up in big piles and you know the graphics the graphics behind that
will go into the the median uh expenditures and on on the side there we can see how if we track
this particular uh extrapolate that out to its uh ultimate um nth degree then you can see that
we're going to make about 15 cents off of every third unit on the 12th of each uh month and
uh the deposits will be coming in they're going to be rolling in
hey put those bolt cutters down put those bolt cutters down
no you can't have the those are my bolt cutters now hey uh guard would you take this uh gentleman
out of here please and take his harmonica with him please yeah that's horrible don't
don't let the guard play the harmonica
what about all these allegations about corruption corruption uh well you know people have talked
about how bad we are for years but few people talk about how good we are i mean that's the one
thing that we take a lot of heat for being like the world's worst cult the world's most hated cult
stingiest cult corruption the world's most corrupt but people don't talk about how really good we are
you know how great we are and the greatness of well and the purity of the
world itself are pretty divine i mean who does it you know we have to start with
corruption you see if you start out from a base of absolute and total corruption you
can't be bought out well that's true i mean we started the lowest common denominator큰
nobodywe can only go up from here folks so i mean it's gonna it's like smooth sailing
for the next six or eight years then at the eight-year point we're going to meet a slight
blip in this chart that will illustrate such we're going to hammer it down on this big
soup telefonics bass drum ate this little incredible thing don't make your celebration



hammer here and then smooth things out. We're going to extrapolate the linear
regression over this way. See over there? Oh it's smoothing! Yeah it's smoothing.
That's a great... We're using a smoothing formula there. That computer simulation is gorgeous.
You can see all the sharp edges are now dull. How much of the church's budget did we
spend on that computerized pie graph, that animated pie graph, Dr. Drummond?
Well I'm sure it'll all come out in the bill, in the billing at the end when we get the bill
from this wonderful resort here that we're staying at. Yeah well I'm just a little concerned.
What is this? Maybe the business meeting is costing more than the company's profits this
particular year. We're just going to, well you know, we're going to take it out of the,
we'll take it out, well Bob will provide. That's the thing we have to remember here.
You know? And that we will
survive. We will survive. We will survive. We will survive. We will survive. We will survive.
And we don't have to worry about costs overrunning our wonderful, wonderful revenue streams because
you know we've got the flow now. We've got the actual, the momentum.
Dr. Drummond, those are pretty fuzzy figures that you're projecting up on the screen there.
Those aren't even numbers. Those are some kind of alien alphabet. What are we supposed to...
Well you can read it though. If you can't read it then you didn't study your materials before the,
the, the, the meeting here. I can read that.
We had those materials that you were supposed to read and memorize, those tapes you were supposed to listen to and be able to regurgitate.
I think Drummond's taken all the money and he squandered it.
Well we bought tapes. We had to buy tapes. We needed new tape decks. We needed, our 8-track machine had broken down.
We had our beta, our beta, our beta machines broken down.
Mr. Drummond, we're talking about three or four billion dollars here.
Yeah, what are, what are these, these vaults full of receipts from this?
Billion here, a billion there. I mean to us it's all just money. The Korean massage parlor?
Money. And that's the important thing to remember, that it's money.
That money. Miss...
And when we keep the money flowing, we keep it going...
Pink Pussycat Club? What are these, what are these vaults full of receipts from...
These are, these are investments we had to make. We go in to test the, test the culture, test the air, test the...
We're doing personality bypass transplant treatments in those places.
And we, even in Enron, we had to go to Enron and do some investigatory work long before the, the, the, the government auditors got in.
Can you take that out?
I don't know, he's, he's trying to, to, to...
I'm not doing, don't look over here. There's no, pay no attention to the, to the hand behind the, the cloth there.
It's like a giant invisible hand has been...
Some people might call it a cloth, other people call it a cloth, but to us it's just a shroud.
And we put the shroud on and wear it when we need to.
Invisible hand that he's got.
So I take it that there is no embarrassment among the subgenius...
We invite...
...that they, that they all arrived in limousines here.
It's all for Poms tonight.
Well, you don't want a stupid preacher, as the great...
What about that limousine you, you wrote in?
...brother Gene Scott said.
Uh-huh.
You know, when, when a person turns on their television and sees their preacher, he wants to see them in a limousine with these lovely...
He wants to see them with...
...choir girls on either arm and...
...this beautiful Armani, this $600 Armani suit.
Right. He don't want a stupid preacher.
All the other preachers do this.
Uh-huh. Amen.
And, and we're...
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
We're not doing anything different from...
...from what any other religious leaders do.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
And, uh, in fact, uh, when, when, uh, when we had, we suffered those arrests for methamphetamine manufacture, that's a...
...that's a, that's, that's the kind of thing that we get a special award for.
In fact, we have a, a several boxes of awards for...
...the various doctors here tonight.
And don't forget, uh, without those Hummer limos, you couldn't have got here, cause there's no roads to sulfur Poms.
There's no...
Okay, I've just, uh, got an information.
I've got an important message I have to take, uh...
...the sulfur Poms.
Uh, Reverend Stang, would you like to finish, or take over this business meeting at this point?
No.
I have to go out.
Yeah, yeah, take up where he left off with the...
There's a special, uh...
...the corruption...
...special tool I have to get. I'll, uh...
...with some of these issues...
I'm sorry for this interruption, but I'll be back shortly.
...some of these stories...
Yeah, he was dealing with the corruption...
...some of these stories...
...and the, uh, embezzlement at the top...
...and the, uh, embezzlement at the top...
...in the church.
...in the church.
Uh, we're up 370 percent, and that's mostly within the, uh, 18 to 25 group.
Wow.
That's good.
That's good.
Gonorrhea, syphilis, venerial herpes are up...
The church level.
...the venerous venereal herpes.
...again, that's almost 400 percent, just in the last year.
That means...
That means the workshops were a success.
...that those...
That part of the outreach has been a tremendous success.
The computer viruses and the organic viruses both, in every case, the syphilis is a success.











...and you could say the syphilis was, ah, the thing that has been attainably effective

who are sexually and, uh, DSL transmitted diseases.
The fast food, uh, uh, uh, piel...
...t结助ção...
...cent Lösung...
...approached has apparently completely bottomed out...
... gastrico...
...the burger god concept...
...liberal存在...

...I think this content will be entertaining.


...ent empowering zwischen the entertainment...
...boy haha...
...would to respond...
That was an understatement.
That has gotta be the understatement of the year, what Dr. Creswell just said.
... Whitияхíamos...
would be entertainment. I never thought I'd live to see the day. And you haven't.
Um, depression or blue moods are up and um the manic phases are down. I've got a question. Oddly enough.
I've got a question. Pardon me? Doctor staying? Yes, Senator. Yes. The little girl in the front row.
Uh, yeah, uh, when your local church leaders are subject to accusations,
what is your stance on how to handle that within your organization? When the collection plate
comes around, double what you were going to put in otherwise, my friend. Good idea. There you go.
That collection plate is the bottom line. That is what this business is about.
This, you know when it comes down to it, that'll fix it. We can talk about our product placement
and producing these movies that uh, uh, uh, uh, battle torn earth and so forth. But when it comes
down to it, it's the collection plate passed from hand to hand or from from paw to paw as
it may from hoof to hoof among the sub the the believers. And that that will fix up those problems
that they have. Belief is the coin of the realm in this realm. What about the uh, emotions of the
get along little bobbies. What about the uh, personalities and the emotions affected and
involved in such incidences? Well, those are being stored uh, in in the finest blue canisters
in the Dobstown basement as always. So uh, you would uh, disagree with the uh, Catholic stance
of the realm. You would say that uh, people are expendable. People, yeah people sure, but this uh,
people yeah sure people sure, but expendable. Yeah, people yeah people sure yeah people yeah.
Expendable people. People yeah. Expendable emotions. Well, like we say the coin of the realm is belief.
Spend your belief all over the floor, all over the office trash can.
Just spend it, baby. Just let loose. Let her, let her rip. Bob don't care. Bob loves you anyway. Bob loves you!
You are on the right track. Getting warmer.
Hello? Pastor Dick? Is he there today? Tonight?
No, Pastor Dick is not here tonight. This is the subgenius executive retreat.
Oh no, heaven's not at hand.
Oh no, heaven's not at hand.


it's a completely different denomination okay my mind's all mixed up all right
well there's another dissatisfied listener
we're mowing them down but crop circle this is the subgenius executive retreat
direct from sulfur palms california
uh yes yes yes and a historic weekend it was at silver pond there
thanks to don joyce bud good puzzling evidence du guelman dr philo drummond and kpfa in berkeley
california
students
studios allowed that and there are four more hours of that the over the edge show merged with
the show that's more than an hour less than a show and in fact altogether it was five hours of show
and now being strewn about the hour of slack
uh and friends you know the san francisco subgenius show
or
Microsoft do business
instincts
walters
in haiti
bangladesh
Ted Silver Palms was, you might say, the 20-year reunion of the old-timey doctors.
Dr. Philo Drummond, whose band Swingin' Love Corpses is heard in the background here.
Lies.
Gary Gabrog, Fran, Puzzling Evidence.
And also Michael Pepe and Ed Holmes.
All their sorry that Dr. Howling Glass Madness couldn't be there.
And Jay Kinney.
But anyway, here's a tape of that very gang of wacky Zenos down at the Gazebo from before the show in 1983.
When it was just a band that dare not speak its name.
Working on the book of the subgenius.
The book? You want to know about the book?
The book was a flop.
The book?
Nobody bought that book.
They just sacked her.
And when they did buy it, they tried to get their money back.
A terminal disaster.
Nobody made a single penny.
Nobody.
What did he say?
The book?
The book was a flop.
The book was a flop.
What's he talking about?
The book?
What about the song?
The book was a flop.
The book was a flop.
It made the church stop.
The book.
Oh, the loud song, yeah.
A thousand copies of posters of trash.
30,000 copies and no one got cash.
Warehouse.
A warehouse full of books.
Yeah, but the book.
A warehouse full of books.
A warehouse full of unwanted books.
And that.
The book.
The book was a flop.
Made the song stop.
It made the song stop.
Well, maybe not.
.
.
Yes, even the book couldn't make the song stop.
Well, it sure made the church stop.
It made the distributor stop.
Made the church stop.
It made the post office and the secret service stop.
.
.

Make the song stop.
Slow it down.
Mess it up a little.
The band that dare not speak its name from the old ancient 1983 subgenius type.
Bad Doctors.
Oh, bad, bad, bad.
And there's so much more bad to be had at www.subgenius.com.
That website will tell you about the living church.
If it's money you want, we'll send that to post office box 2.
Well, this is where you can write to the business office.
Post office box 204206, Austin, Texas, 78720.
I just got back from a trip to visit.
The beautiful new Austin facilities, which are run by Jesus and his wife, his beautiful wife, Mary Magdalene.
It was so great to see that busy operation down there.
And friends, if you have tapes you want us to hear in subgenius land or CDs or whatever, send them to me.
Yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang at box 181418.
That's post office box 181417, Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
44118.
And I do have a cold, if you were wondering.
The subgenius virus.
I got it from my computer.
Hey, friends, happy new last year.
That's when I'm doing this show.
And praise Bob.
Oh, and now more of this.
This broadcast is silly, tape-delayed stuff.
I've been in the women's shoe business since 1875.
In all those years of servicing customers, I found your feet.
Unfortunately, we want to service you.
That's very good.
It's now out of control.
We have a school bus.
The trap is completely out of control.
Out of control.
And we have nothing.
They're beginning to run into one another and over one another.
How much Librax are you taking?
67.
I was wondering because it seems to me like some animals are after me.
Do you look at that?
Oh.
I think you have to tell your doctors I'm a psychiatrist.
It's likely that's why you're having the nightmares.
And that's when the gem shepherds tripped over the curb.
Every year, thousands of letter carriers.
Are attacked by dogs.
It's like that.
Public service dogs.
I want a mechanical man.
No, they're just.
Oh, mechanical man.
That's it.
Would you take the call?
Yes.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, but you can't hear anymore.
Perfect.
I must see what this is.
What's that?
That doesn't make any sense to me whatsoever.
