Test, test, test, test.
Test.
I'm sick.
I don't want to do a show.
This recording is a collection of unintended indiscretions before microphone and camera.
Must, must, must do show.
Mind going.
Body won't follow.
Soul destroyed.
Must do show.
Oxygen switch.
Must reach oxygen switch.
Not fool with computer.
Don't touch it.
Show.
Must fool around.
Must move the patch cords.
Important.
Touch the cords.
Line out from case N-1.

By virtue of the cosmos, and all the powers that be.
With the bow of the Satan.
Show his embrace.
And make sure the fire of evil, and all else that has but hell,
is gone.
With the bow of the enemy, and the fire of evil, will be gone.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slang.
Sponsored by the church of the subgenius.
It is intended as a sympathetic tribute to the members of the radio and television industry
who have been the victims of these classic boners.
Oh, I wasn't gonna go that far.
Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready for star time?
Yeah!
Are you ready for star time?
Yeah!
Alright, let's bring to the stage,
without a notion,
the one and only,
the fast man,
without a notion,
Mr. Motion!
Dear Reverend Ivan Stang.
Ladies and gentlemen, I don't know what this is coming down through the audience.
All those bad looking clothes on, and that oversized hat, and raggedy clothes, and all this sort of thing.
Well, it looks like it just came out of the basement.
Pardon me, could I?
Line out from case N-1.
In your head.
You're doing terrible.
I'm gonna hang up.


I'm gonna hang up and dial again.
Hang up, dial, please.
Okay, okay.
Okay, keep it.
We'll have a quick cast.
Yeah, straight.
Yeah, keep it.
Keep it.

I'm sick of doing these, what?
Oh, I forgot, ladies and gentlemen, we have the star of the show this evening.
The one and only.
He's coming out, ladies and gentlemen.
The one and only, the tramp.
Welcome, Seekers.
I'm sorry, Bob, I thought it was my cue.
What's that smell?
It's Uranus Boner.
God damn it.
I mean the planet, Uranus Boner.
Blazey, comments, Captain.
You mean you brought us back to that godforsaken stink hole of a planet where Seaman Bob bit the cosmic weenie?
If memory serves me correctly, Doctor,
you pronounced Seaman Bob dead after he fainted from the smell of this planet.
Whether he was actually dead or not is disputable.
And it was on your recommendation, Boner, that I pronounced him buried.
I'm a doctor, Jim, not a god damn funeral director.
Still, I'd feel better if I could just see that Seaman Bob's gravesite was undisturbed.
Isn't that it over there, Mr. Sperm?
Exactly 7.4 feet right in front of you, Captain.
That's impossible.
There's nothing there but an empty hole in the ground.
Maybe someone took his body.
Maybe someone like her.
The face is unstunned.
It's truly bizarre.
I'd like to call it Mondo Suzy.
Yes, friends, I'm sick and I'm gonna let Suzy do a bit of show here.
She comes in so handy.
Welcome, Seekers.
I'm your spiritual handy wife, that mindless fun-pump Reverend Suzy the Floozy.
And this is just a polite warning to any normals who might have stumbled into my listening radius.
Just forget the show tonight, okay?
There's nothing for you here.
If you listen in, you'll only wind up even more lost and confused than you already are.
So just do yourself a favor.
Get up, walk across the room, and turn off your radio and go to sleep.
Trust me, only true subgeniuses will enjoy the next hour.
Because I'm only preaching to the perverted tonight.
Yes, like a horrific multi-car pilot, there's usually something to appeal to everyone in my episodes of Bob's Slack Time.
Fun house.
But not tonight.
Tonight, I'm just gonna turn the reins and the whip over to the one man who deserves to wield it without mercy.
Oh, no. I'm not talking about the Reverend Dr. Nolan Voight.
Or Reverend Ivan Stang, or even the pulsing sex god St. Jane or Hypercles.
Ha ha.
No. I'm talking about Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The grinning man with a pipe clenched firmly in his alabaster teeth.
Alabaster.
Oh, and Bob's one, too.
As you will soon see.
I've cobbled together most of the audio evidence of Bob that I could find.
And I want all of you true yetis out there to pray and fornish.
And dedicate while you absorb this vital church indoctrination.
Bob, you're soaking in it.
Oh, must you bray night and day at that infernal television.
Oh, look who's talking.
Yeah, Bob. You used to be on this show.
Don't remind me.
My foolish capering destroyed more young minds than syphilis and pinball combined.
Well, I've had it.
I am going to make it my mission to see that our friend Bob is set free.
No!
I want to get with Bob. I want to go to the ball club. I want to go with Bob.
You're coming.
Yes, Bob. You rang.
You rang for me.
You rang for me.
Better be ready to face the consequences.
It's never too late to redeem yourself.
One last chance.
That's all you have.
It's up to me.
You rang for me.
Yes, we've summoned you, Bob, from beyond the grave.
Yes, Bob.
Yes, Bob.
Yes, Bob.
But you've done that, Bob.








Hello, Bob.
Hello, Bob.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
This is Bob.
Hi, Bob.
Hi, Bob.
She's a fantastic musician.
She's a fantastic singer.
She's a fantastic singer.
Wow.
Yes.

Look, we have some very interesting questions.
We've got some huge voodoo ambiently puttering away in the background.
I'll lower that down.
Actually, we'll, I think, let Susie the Flusie there, from our beloved sister, Susie the
station WREK in Atlanta, uh, carry a lot of the show because she sent an amazing tape
full of, um, well, beautiful collage work. But I'll tell you something, my friend,
Nicoderm patches have their own nasty side effects besides the murderous rages. And,
uh, I've been having these headaches and sleep disorders. You know, I quit smoking
about seven weeks ago, dear friends, and I haven't touched one. Um, on these, these patches,
but they mess up your sleep and you're smoking less and you, but you're missing your tar.
Um, I mean, you're, you're, you're not really smoking at all. You're getting less and less
nicotine, but it's coming in all the time, awake or asleep. And, uh, I had to exert almost
super human, uh, discipline in, uh,
life.
I'm learning to control the headaches and the hallucinations. Uh, I basically, I have
to, I have to frop constantly, my friends, as if there was no tomorrow. And there really
isn't. It's only 509 days until X day, the very end of the world. Praise Bob and praise
the frop Lords that I can frop for many cannot, but that too is a curse. I misplaced a paperback
book yesterday, my friends.
I'm the wrong side of down.
Your friend, Reverend Stang does not do things like that. Humans do things like that. Rewardian
subgenie do things like that, but at type a emergent tile subgenius like myself does
not lose or misplace things much considering unless he or she is really messed up.
And I've got to admit friends, I'm, I'm really messed up. Your prayer partner and preacher,
Reverend Stang is messed up from not doing drugs and, uh, and from being sick. You'd
think that after seven weeks, the old glands would grow back and, but, but no, not yet.
My receptor holes are empty. Fill my receptor holes.


Would you please, sir?
I'll admit, I'll admit that I'm having to fight some little mood swings now and then
and a frequent total inability to concentrate and the occasional vision of the yodeling
sugarplum topless demon fairy stripping the dead monkeys from the lather blenders. But
I think that was to make the new line of subgenius toys or something like that. I don't know.


Maybe that was all part of the dream. I don't even know.
I went to the conspiracy doctor today to see what the deal was with the headaches and the
murderous rages and the horn like growths on the forehead and the vestigial tail formation
and the warts, so to speak, call it a wart.
Then the galloping nether lip soared.

And my missing thumb and the scaling on my dorsal fin and the voices and the dancing
cigarettes. Yes, I keep seeing these dancing cigarettes in front of my my eyes, except
my left eye is still kind of dim, doctor, except for these sudden blinding flashes and
these mathematical formulae that come pouring in at that moment. And the doctor said he
said, Stein, I'm going to have to cut it right off. And that's when Stang said, Well, doctor,
when you're going to have to cut it off down to the bone, because if you leave any meat,
I'm gonna frapp right on.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And oh, one last little bit of news here, I suppose.
Many of you subgeniuses will be interested in X day drill coming up X day drill number
two, July 5th, 1997.
Where we prepare for the end.


of this world July 5th 1998 this will be the last chance you or me get to to to
drill for the X Day Drill and our events coordinator Dr. Legume has planned
some some new camping and worship activities read from my list here let's
see yeah we're committed friends actually that show will go on in rural
New York it's it's it is the subgenius gathering it's like the Burning Man
Festival or the the rainbow people only only it's it's for the church of the
subgenius but yes we're at Brushwood Folklore Center in Sherman New York July
4th 5th 6th X Day Drill you cannot back out we will double or triple last year's
attendance now that everybody's seen the pictures on our website
of the nude baptism the public prairie squid raping by sister Susie the floozy
the scourging of Jesus at the hands of the audience and the crucifixion and
burning of that man J.R. Bob Dobbs and we delivered every bit of outrageous baloney
that we promised we actually did and this year if we will have even more
cruel and barbaric tests of faith and rewards for you faithful ah yes for one
thing we're going to have an event called the New Year's Eve and we're going to have a
party in which our guest will participate in an authentic witch hunt
and burning with it and this is a great place for it there's a lot of pagans and
witches out there there will be the battle for pastor Craig Island in which
is like a subgenius spit fight and no weapons will be allowed but any bodily
fluid can be flung out there on the little island we're gonna we will hold
the Last Supper with Jesus and myself and maybe Bob and you can pay to that
be one of the 12 seated and posed for a historic photograph that will become the cover of the
escape vessel's guidebook and map. What else do we have planned? Oh, the human pinata.
Will you be the human pinata? We'll have a nativity scene with the baby Jesus being set
on fire. And I guess we'll launch the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer. Although, you know
what, since the other Arnold Palmer, the one who sells Pennzoil and poses as the bodied
bleeding head of Arnold Palmer on television, since he got prostate cancer, you know, we've
had to, should we keep doing launching rituals in public? I'm just worried that it would
be in bad taste.
Because there was no other church like it. Nowhere else could members indulge in such
limitless sexual abandon, and no other church ministers advanced such liberal theories on
love as a cover-up for their members' unbridled lusts. But the church's operators were out
for more than nothing.
They played at being gods, testing their shocking sex theories on countless jaded couples. If
they were exposed, it would mean disaster for all of them. But if they succeeded, countless
marriages would be saved through programmed adultery. And yes, friends, that's what we
have in mind for you at the subgenius X-Day Club.

The
end of the world practice session. It's what Sister Susie the Floozy has in mind for you.
It's what Reverend Dr. Legume has in mind. What other church news have we got here? I
know that there was, but you know, if I know that I am insane, then how, how insane can
I be?
But I think the historical importance of this recording far outweighs any considerations
of high fidelity. So here's a little bit of a summary of what happened. I'm going to

take a moment to say good day to our first guest in the

Devin Aaron babies.
Devin Aaron.
Very clear.
Well, what's wrong with thoseugglies?
Oh, nothing, ну,~!
Ah!

The tub levels! Kindergarten girls. I love it. Every night. Görükłade turtle winter Klippet!
Sweet song, hey wake up, wake up, you sleepyhead, get up, get up, get out of bed, cheer up, cheer up, cheer up, the sun is red, live, love, love, love, and be happy.
What if I've been blue and now I'm walking through the floor, rain may glisten but still I listen for hours and hours, yeah, I'm just a kid again, I'm doing what I did again, swinging a song.
When the red, red robin comes, the bop, bop, bop of the law.
When the red, red robin comes, the bop, bop of the law.
When the red, red robin comes, the bop, bop of the law.
Boy, Bob, I had no idea you sang so beautifully.
You're kidding, honey, I'm solid canary.
Yeah, right, you sure got the beat for it.
Dobbs is all man, the red-blooded he-man that every woman really wants.
I think his face says it all.
Each.
Dot is a raging ideogram of lustfulness which somehow manages to convey its message.
Those who are sexually troubled one way or another should not stare too strongly at this drawing.
But, of course, the message of Dobbs is one of unbounded lust for life.
And that's something that can appeal to everyone.
It's a nice face.
This face is gold.
It's a very nice face.
With a place for everything.
Every feature.
Every feature in its place.
Not a commonplace face.
His eyes.
Blue.
His chins.
Stubborn and strong.
His ears.
Their ordinary ears.
His nose.
His nose.
And his lips.



A little love.
Still.
The shadow of your smile
When you
You are gone
We'll color all my dreams
And light the dawn
Look into my eyes
My love on the sea
All the lovely things you are to me
His grin is the one that looks friendly
But so does the grin of a sharky's boss
Oh, oh, oh
Bob don't ever change
He's Bob
Always will be Bob
See, I saw this program that I'm talking about tonight
some seven years ago.
Seven years ago when I saw this program,
I folded my arms across my chest,
I crossed my legs,
and then I looked at that guy that was talking about this program
and I said, no way!
Whoever this joker is, whoever's up there, he's always grinning!
I thought, why was he always gridding?
You never done anything...
because he's so doggone rowdy!
Them there eyes, yeah, yeah
Them there eyes, yeah, yeah
Haaah
Them there eyes, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I fell in love with you the first time I look him, too
Ha, ha
Them there eyes, you've got a certain little cute way of flirting with them.
Them there eyes, they make me feel happy, they make me blue.
No story, I'm falling, falling in a great big way for you.
My heart is jumping, you sure started something with them there eyes.
You'd better watch them if you're wise.
Them there eyes, they spark, they bubble, they're gonna get you in a whole lot of trouble.
You're overworking them, there's danger lurking in them there eyes.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.


The shadow of your sun can hear you tomorrow.
Will color all my dreams and light the dawn.
Don't make this a federal case.
Don't make this a federal case.


It's just another pretty face.
But you know.
It's a very, very, very nice face.
Now when I remember spring, and all the joy that love can bring, I will be remembering.
The shadow of your sun.
It's a joke, Dobbsy.
Aren't you gonna let me in on it?
In on it?
Sure I will.
Sure.
Invited to attend Secret Rites in their secluded temple of love.
Don't be afraid, Bob.



invited to peep behind the curtain
as the Love Cult's leader procures new disciples, new suckers.
What are your kicks, Mrs. Blakeslee?
Whips?
Restrained buns?
Love in many forms.
And with people who are in as deep as I.
You are invited to join the Love Cult.
Other cult leaders are small potatoes
compared to this charismatic pipe smoker with the benign stupid smile.
He's J.R. Bob Dobbs, an aluminum siding salesman
known to his believer as heaven's one true policeman
and the saint of sales.
He's leader of the Church of the Subgenius in Dallas, Texas,
the only church we know that offers eternal salvation
or triple your money back.
Any religion, any cult basically operates on the principle of us versus them.
It offers the person.
A peer group that they can feel is the correct one.
Alarm Santa Fe parents met again with elementary school officials
last night to discuss the growing presence of Bob in the schools.
Bob, the deity of the Dallas-based Church of the Subgenius,
is a comic book character who communicates with aliens and worships money.
Parents and teachers complain that the Bob stickers and pamphlets,
which have turned up in school lavatories with increasing frequency,
encourage troublemakers and weird behavior.
It's not healthy for the children.
I'm convinced of this.
There has been a pamphlet going around, a Bob pamphlet that I have looked at,
and it's the least well-adjusted child.
It tells them that if they are uncomfortable with their classmates,
it is because they are better than their classmates.
Can you imagine this? Better.
Not smarter, mind you, but better.
Finally tonight, have you ever wondered about your neighbors?
Maybe wondered about the weird thumps and bumps or chants
emanating from your neighbors?
Or the weird things emanating from their apartment?
Well, they may be followers of Bob.
That's the fastest-growing cult here in the Southwest.
You were talking about Jim Jones and David Koresh?
Yes.
Those guys were pipers.
Amateurs.
Nothing.
I hope you guys know what you're doing.
Because it took a tragedy like Jonestown to finally get this thing moving.
And if we lose our momentum and we have another Jonestown,
well, that's your responsibility, isn't it?
Well, I feel bad. I know. I feel bad about the way things happen.
But I don't regret it because I love Bob and I'm happy.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Bob loves you.

Bob loves you.
Wow.
Susie loves you, dear friends.
I'm hearing...
Very frequently this happens.
I'm hearing these tapes for the first time when you're hearing them for the first time.
And that collage of lines,
worshipful lines,
dedicated to the one and only Bob.
One true Bob.
I must say, that was an amazing collage of material.
I'm stunned and staggering.
Staggering.
Actually, I am staggering feverishly around.
I'm losing it fast.
It's a real good thing that we have a useful tape.
I actually have a hell of a lot of wonderful stuff to play.
There's the Moore-Reagans polyp.
We got a CD from this...
crazy girl named Jessica Kane,
which I would love to get to.
Um...
The Pink Lincolns.
Susie's brother's punk band.
And, uh...
And I have a CD here from a band called Sublime.
I haven't even listened to the CD hardly, but I like this CD because it's manufactured
by a gigantic record company and it has the trademark face of Bob.
Bob.
Printed on the CD itself.
They didn't ask us about that or ask permission or pay us or anything.
And you know what?
They end up paying you ten times more than they would have if they had even asked.
Uh...
I'm rambling, friends.
I'm sorry.
We're going to get back to the tape.
I want to talk about sound quality, though.
Do you hear how crappy my voice sounds?
Compared to, uh...
Just the crappy old tapes.
Four generations down the line that Susie's playing.
Well, it's because this microphone is so bad.
And we're so broke we can't buy a new microphone.
Nuff said.
Do I need to spell it out?
Um...
Ugh.
But...
You know, I come in here...
Griping about...
Every show starts off with me going,
Oh, I don't want to do this show.
I'm tired of it.
Actually, I've been...
One reason I'm sick is I've been working so hard to make sure that this and potentially
all the other subgenius shows are hearable all over the planet.
And as of about yesterday, they are.
And I'll describe that later.
It has to do with the internet again.
But we had yet another giant breakthrough.
Praise Wanderer!
Uh...
But let us...
Let us, uh...
Go on and dribble into the squid dreams of the delights of over there where the oxide
cosmic triad achieves one-world bobsomeness.
Gutter Girls.
Who are the Gutter Girls?
By day, innocent women.
By night, innocent schoolgirls and secretaries.
By night, the far-from-innocence swingers of a wild and way-out sex cult.
Uh...
Uh...
No, but seriously.
Seriously.
I can't go back to the tapes.
I'm real excited about this.
I have to tell you about it.
And, uh...
People may get tired of it.
But...
I'm convinced that I will...
My...
My work shall be proven...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...




I don't know.
Maybe I'm nuts.
Any...
But...
Uh...
Okay.
It's tricky enough to do a bizarre, freakish show like this and expect anybody to hear
it, any stations to play it, blah blah woof woof.
We send cassettes out to college stations who are wise enough to present this material.
And that's probably where you're listening to it now.
But you may be listening on the internet from our website.
And that's probably where you're listening to it now.

And, uh...
Those of you who aren't, it is astounding that for no extra cost we can now put this
dang thing on the net.
Sounding pretty good.
Now, last week I was real excited and hopped up, or the week before I guess, about WCSB
in Cleveland was streaming their radio onto the internet with a process called...
Audioactive that worked great.
And, uh, I was real excited.
You could hear our shows on 9 o'clock Sunday night on the blah blah blah.
We have always presented the shows also on the internet through a process called True
Speech.
But...
It's...
True Speech didn't really sound all that good.
It was more like we could...
And we had it sounding as good as it can.
The...
The...
The world's expert on sound digitizing does this stuff for free.
Guy in New Jersey, the Reverend Saint Dr. Wanderer, we call him, Reverend I.R.N.
I've mentioned him before.
He just started fooling around with it lately and tried a new process called Real Audio
3.0.
And it's supposed to cost a whole lot of money to be able to present decent sound over the
internet for free to anybody in the entire planet who happens to own a free audio system.
And it's supposed to be a $500 computer, which is a lot of people, potentially.
Now, it's fine if only five of them choose to listen to this particular show, but the
point is, for just about no money, any crazy militia nut, seditious cultist, sex pervert,
or nice little old lady who likes to tell stories, or a band that has been shunned by
the giant record companies...
Or anybody, anybody, literally, can make their stuff mass media, if they can get the
attention.
The point is, you can quit complaining that there's nothing good on TV or on the radio,
because for practically nothing, you can do it yourself.
And, uh...
And, uh...
Granted, we're doing it ourselves on...
Well, that's part of the point.
We're doing this on...
Used, beat-up, crappy equipment.
Okay?
Now, a lot of the tapes that we may run, or CDs, of course, there's been a lot of money
and work put into those, but...
Um...
The...
I don't...
I'm sorry, the delirium is catching up to me, and it...
I want you to know, it's not that I'm excited, necessarily, just that my show, okay, is going

to be...
Okay.
You don't even know.
I don't think...
Maybe, if I do...


Maybe, hopefully, I'll be...
Maybe I'll be less excited, and then get off the train because, uh...
Guess what, nobody's scarred.

But nobody's not going to die enough, because...
But nobody's going to die too.
You're glad.


So, without further ado, I'm meant to be the host of the WCSB Playbook competition.
And today, we're going to test out another project that, as I said earlier, can beat
the feed value of...
Pros per screen over and over again at the cybernet...


you actually can hear radio pretty decently over the Internet if it's the right format.
WCSB.
Now, Tom was talking about their format, but that was in our new format.
Bob.
This is our old format.
This is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
Bob.
That's your key phrase.
Interesting, huh?
That's the way the hour of slack sounds on Internet radio.
The nice thing about it is you can hear it any time of day.
Now, I was talking on that one about the true speech version of Internet radio.
The tape you're hearing is from the real audio version of Internet radio,
and somehow the tape of the tape of the tape sounds the best of all.
So, mayhaps, friends, we can take these clips of portentous,
numinous, seemingly meaningful, by coincidence, audio bites, sound bites,
bites that inadvertently worship Bob,
somehow mathematically and digitally compress them down to their key elements
so that they go straight to the brain pan without any, any transience,
no translation whatsoever.
No, no rational thought is even allowed to interpret the signal, you see.
The most important thing about this is that the real signal,
the signal that triggers the scrodes, is embedded in the hiss.
All you have to do is keep them listening to the old cranky yo-yo yakking on the radio long enough
that the hiss is going to be heard.
And the background gets the triggering device implanted so that later on, say,
oh, just for example, in 1998, say, July 5th, maybe 7 in the morning or so,
when you actually activate the final triggering using the device, then, well...
Ahem.
Where was I? I can't even remember.
I can't even remember what I was saying.
Fence, ugh, this is, I know this is an unusual show.
I should get back to the tapes. I'm sorry.
...from anywhere in the planet.
Yeah, right. God.
...far from innocent swingers of a wild and way-out sex cult.
Gutter Girls.
The lusty and revealing story of girls with a new slant,
on sin.
Everybody kind of wants to be in a cult in their own way.
And Bob starts out as a joke, and then you realize Bob's for real.
If there's anything that, uh, that we can possibly do to save your soul,
we'll do it for the money.
I'm gonna cut in there, friends, and mention that I said that line because a paid,
paid agent of the conspiracy with a movie camera told me to.
He said, he said, hey, uh, say, say, we'll, we'll do it for the money.
Keep harping on the money part because that's what makes it nor, funny.
Actually, it was a subgenius, uh, was telling me this.
Uh, but he, he was saying, you know, the, the pinks aren't gonna be able to follow.
That's, I mean, that's what's funny to him, is that you've got this funny fake religion
and, and you're making lots of money at it.
He had to tell me that in those days, friends.
I, I've caught on later that he's right.
That is the way that you have to present it to, to the pinks in mass media to get your foot through the door,
you know, to get the, the, the door open just a crack.
And slack is what Bob is trying to bring to people.
All right, all right, now, all right, let's get to this slack.
You say, in this little pamphlet you've go, you've given me, it says, repent.
Quit your job and slack off.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Uh, is this your message to the world?
What is this?
Those, those are sort of mind-catching slogans.
Uh, we do, this is a church that does.
We do, this particular sick mind-control cult does give you back your mind after we're through with it.
Yes.
Uh, so, y'all are a Dallas-based group of humorists, is this right?
No, no, no, we're, we're high priests of the unpredictable.
Um, and now, again, some people would say it's a put-on.
Yes.
And we leave, we believe that all decisions should be made by the individual.
So, uh, in, in a way, the book of the subgenius can be the ultimate test.
You can pick that thing up and, uh, if it confuses you, then you're normal.
Oh, and it, it.
You may never get slack.
It's satirical.
Bob, um, says that if they, they'll pay to know what they really think.
Okay, well.
It works for a lot of, it works for a lot of other religions.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
If they buy the book, they have really paid to know what Bob thinks of.
You can take the boy out of the pink, but you can't take the pink out of the boy.
Cut me some slack.
All right.
I've been thinking, Bob, maybe if I went out there and talked to those people, I, I could
make them understand, Bob.
Oh, you'd just be wasting your breath, Ben.
Only thing that mob will understand is a bullet.
Yeah, and maybe they'll get one.
That's another bad move out of you, and I'll blow you the kingdom cup.
I don't want to rip out of you now.
Well, I can let you have it.
What's good for you, you won't monkey around with jobs.
Bob, no!
You come in or take our jobs!
You're dead!
You hear me?
All right, Bob.
Now it's personal.
Hey, um, he did try to kill me.
Because there are a lot of people who are book smart, but it takes a very special type of
genius to...
All right, Bob, it's over.
Come out with your hands up.
No!
Don't worry, Bob, I made a great deal with it.
You awful man, stay away from my son!
You still got it, Bob.
You can't escape, Bob.
If the tennis rackets don't get you, the pool skimmers will.
Oh, I, I never planned to escape.
You see, this is a kamikaze mission.
Yeah, you got a point there, Dobbs.
You know a question about that.
But, uh...
I'm not going to answer that.

What's the matter?
Are you up to it?
I will go with you to Washington tomorrow, if you like, and I will show you documented
proof that this man stands for evil, that he is evil.
Take him quietly and we'll ship him off to London in my trunk.
Kill him.
I want him dead.
We cannot risk some foreign power grabbing him.
You men are the inner defense of our nation.
It is upon your shoulders that there's a great responsibility for you.
We do not bear our burden lightly.
With the full knowledge of our responsibility, we must find him.
In the interest of national security, kill him.
No chances, shoot him on sight.
We shall.
We must.
Does it worry you, Bob?
No, sirree, Bob.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, Brad, Bob generally knows what he's doing.
He does everything for the ba...
Well, Bob, what are we gonna do?
I don't know.
That's great.
We go home, they hang us.
We stay here, we starve to death.
Bob, couldn't we take our fight to another county where we could get a fair trial?
You can't do this, Bob.
Shoot him for rest of your life.
Or else, you'll be in deep, deep, deep trouble.








This community is going to learn to obey the law.
Why should we obey laws that are twisted to fit the needs of thieves and liars?
Take it easy, Bob.
Arrest him!
He's a deputy marshal.
Don't let that stop you, Sheriff.
I'm fed up with the law around here.
This court can accept my resignation right now.
Wait a minute, Bob.
Come on, get going, boys.
Grab.
Step out.
Grab.
Drop that gun.
I said step out, Brat.
Bob!
Brat, get that out of here.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Sorry about this, Julie.
I'll get in touch with you.
Thanks for trying, Todd.
This ain't right, Bob.
Nothing's right anymore.
Go on.
Go on, get going.
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!


Stop!
Stop!











Stop!
Stop!


Call an ambulance!
Stop!
Drop the gun!
Get the gun!
Get the gun!
Put it in there!
Drop the gun!
Drop the gun!
Drop the gun!

Drop the gun!
Drop the gun!
Their appears as though something has happened in the motorcade group.
There has been a shooting.
I repeat, a shooting in the motorcade in the downtown area.
This is how it happened.
I was waiting for Bob, and all of a sudden, gunshots.
Seven or eight of them.
What?
I quickly jumped on top of him to protect him.
That's when I saw the Arabs, seven or eight of them.
I found the main guy, disarmed him,
knocked him in contact with one of them.
I killed him. It was my fault.
I'm bad luck.
He said I could.
He said I could kiss him.
Who said? Who said you could who?
One of the Bob men.
The men with the black strings in their ears.
He said you can kiss Bob.
He said Bob wants you to give him a kiss.
And I kissed him and he was shot.
I was standing right behind him.
I saw him shoot Bob.
It shows what you get with a liberal agenda.
You pump people full of drugs and pipe dreams of what happens.
They come gunning for people like Bob.
But those folks don't realize something.
You can't kill the truth.
He'll be back and, man, you better watch out
because he's headed straight for Washington.
And that's all I've got to say.
Excuse me. I have to go pray.
When did you hear that?
Jesus, please, Jesus, please, Jesus, please, Jesus.
Save Bob, save Bob.
He was shot twice at close range with a .22 caliber pistol.
His condition has been listed as critical.
There's a suspect in the shooting.
Yes, we have a suspect in custody.
He's under interrogation.
Ruined by Texas fire.
I cannot reveal that information at this time.
Well, Mr. Stang, it was an almost foolproof plan.
The puzzling evidence that remains is the, um, the number of wounds on Bob's body.
The exit wounds, the wounds that apparently came through the floor,
the ones that came Janeward and, and all of them.
Yes, the multiple bullet theory, the multiple Bob theory.
What are we to believe, Doctor?
Well, recently, I was reading an article in the subjournal,
and they say that Bob might have had a closet full of very carefully constructed, lifelike Bob robots
that, uh, resemble him absolutely down to the slightest cuticle.
But, uh, I consider this, of course, another tissue of lies and absolute errant nonsense.
Yet, but given the flawed, incomplete nature of the entire autopsy,
what can we know of the nature of Bob's wounds?
We can know that the entire thing, and I think Senator Ed Hinckley knows this very well,
and I hope he's watching.
The body is a tissue of incompetent lies.
And a broken pipe.
Yes, I held the pipe up over Bob's bleeding body.
Now it's up to the nation, to America, to do the same.
Why did the crowd burn Bob's body outside of the theater?
I think we'll never know the answer to that.
At least, I, I never will!
Reverend, Reverend, Reverend Howell, uh, uh, thank you very much for joining us here on Puzzling Evidence, and, uh,
uh, I hope you'll join us again next week, when our guest will be alive.
Thank you.
Did he smoke a pipe, perhaps?
Some people prefer that their loved ones have a pipe in their mouth.
I mean, of course, if they smoked one during life.
So I'll face my life before my heart hears those fellows sing.
Now, somebody in your circle, take a pipe, from a piece of pipe, and pass it to a friend.
Pass it all around.
Hold hands and sway from side to side.
If you feel it, act and let the scene embody sign language.
Why would you and Larry do a crazy thing like smoking that pipe?
I don't know.
Well, it was there, so we smoked it.
In our society, I just ain't the type.
Folks all look so surprised when I lighten my pipe.
No!
What?
You smoked?
Yes, sir.
Well, I smoked the pipe.
You, Beaver?
Smokin' at Drinking Bob.
Never wanted burning bugs.
Smokin' at Drinking Bob.
Now he's gotta get a job.
Now he's got a wife.
She says she don't like to play.
Smokin' at Drinking Bob.
Plays guitar.
She said, Bob, you gotta grow up.
Start stayin' out all night.
Till you grow up, time to get out of the door.
Tracks and scores.
Find a good fella, goddamn guitar.
Bob, when he was in the mood, he could play guitar in the new Bobbitt band.
Break up the noise.
Bobbitt is a group of bitches, one of the boys.
I'm a cop, this is them.
I'm Bob the Bastard, playin' from 10.
And you'll be replaced with Bob.
Smokin' at Drinking Bob.
See the tortured concentration of addicts.
Drug-rotted with trembling hands readying one more smoke of evil.
The smoke drifting up from where the fire of life burns out.
At last, through the haze of horror to the nightmare of awakening and escape from smoke of evil.
Don't miss this provocative movie, coming to this theater soon.
Smoke of Evil.
I just can't imagine a beaver smoking that pipe.
Or Larry either, for that matter.
I don't think either one of them would have done it if they'd been by themselves.
Well then why would they do it together?
Well, I guess that's just one of the unwritten rules of childhood.
No use doing anything bad unless there's someone there to admire you for it.
Pass the peace pipe to a friend.
Pass it all around.
Never put it down, my friend.
Never let it down.
It's amazing. We've gotten older each year and he seems to stay exactly the same.
Sharing a tear, lending a shoulder.
You know what comes to my mind every time I see him?
What?
The Seagram's building. Isn't that funny?
If we got fun, no strain.
You know, sometimes I catch him looking and looking. I just look right back.
Permanent sun, no rain.
We're so crazy, he's so sane.
Friendship forbids anything bitter.
A person like Bob doesn't have the good things and he doesn't have the bad things.
But he doesn't have the good things.
Being the kid's as well as the sitter.
Let me make him a drink.
He's the one guy I know I feel should drink more.
One's impossible to his dreary mind.
Free his company, safe and cheery.
He always looks like he's keeping score.
Who's winning, Robert?
Here is the church.
Here is the steeple.
Open the door and see all the crazy married people.
What could we do without you?
How would they ever get through?
So would I complain for hours?
Who'd bring me the flowers when I had the flu?
Who'd finish yesterday's stew?
Who'd take the kids to the zoo?
Who is so dear and who is so deep?
And who would keep her occupied when I want to sleep?
How would we ever get through?
What would we do without you?
Where are we?
We're going to the bar.
We're going to the bar.
We're going to the bar.
We're going to the bar.

We're going to the bar.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
While we were on the trip,
we found out that Bela Lugosi had died.
So then Bob was used as a substitute
for Bela Lugosi in making of this Planet of the Ghouls
or whatever it was.
I told a couple of girls and a few of the fellas
and some of the fellas were glad.
as I was walking up the street.
As I came up the street,
one of the old lawyers raised his window
and he stuck his head out and said,
Bob, I understand you got to religion last night.
I said, yeah, you want me to come tell you about it?
He said, no, not now.
Pulled the window down.
Well, did you watch any of the scenes
with Bob in them being filmed?
Well, I just remember those where he was,
and, you know, with the cape and all.
And I've seen that many times on TV since his death.
And I'd call up people and say,
I saw Bob on TV,
and they thought I was nuts.
What did you tell me Edward would win?
More smoke, more smoke.
He was always hollering for more smoke.
Now, Bob, let's really have some smoke on this one, all right?
I'll tell you, fellas, the shock value...
It's worth their price.
You see what you're doing here?
You know, the average person starts every day
either in neutral or in reverse.
What do we mean by this?
Well, let's suppose.
Suppose a customer calls you early in the morning
and says, Bob, by gollies,
I just wanted to call you and tell you
what a nice guy you are.
I want you to know
we appreciate your looking after our interests
and we want some more business done with you.
Could you come over at 10 o'clock?
Well, boy, oh boy, oh boy.
How is he going to start his day?
His wife's going to have to pull him down
so she can shove him out the door, isn't she?
Please, help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!








Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Dude, you know Bob?
Oh, yeah.
I'm the one that had to get him down off the clock.
Stay out of my way, Bob.
And no drinking out of my bucket.
Oh, come on.
You're not going to end up like Bob.
Leafin' lizards and golly wow!
It's Blue-Eyed Bob,
the TD Bopper's daddy-o of the radio.
Still fans,
start to act
at thy greatest little station
today,
Chironic TV.
Non-stop,
back-to-back,
Blackstone smashes the all-time heavyweight hits from yesterday, today, and tomorrow, my man.
But sometimes, besides the burned elbows, Casey is also approached by rock luminaries for advice.
One man in particular, to whom we shall refer as Bob,
came to Casey to find out how he could broaden his appeal from being just a protest singer
to one with a more broad base of appeal.
Casey suggested that Bob try singing a classic love ballad instead of folk rock.
And here are the finished results.
Listen now as Bob rocks while the audience gets folk.
You know what I mean. Love you. Look at America. Here comes Bobby.
Okay, come on, Bob. I don't want to go alone.
All right. Boy, this is ghastly, isn't it?
It's very eerie here, Akbar. I don't know how you can dance.
Watch your step.
Oh, look out!
Oh, that's too bad.
Bobby likes to fall in pools, fall in pools, fall in pools.
Bobby likes to fall in pools.
And show off at parties.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, fellas.
Pretty funny verse there.
Bobby's the Attorney General of the United States, and even though he is a kid, we can't say that about him.
He's the Attorney General of the United States.
How are you going to end the song?
Let's reject that last verse there.
All right.
No, I'll tell you what. Let's reject the whole song.
Could I do it?
Let's not even do it, all right?
That's it.
Thank you very much, Bob and friend Lee, who I think has been a real magician in putting this show on the road.
I mean this very honestly.
They always say a committee is where you've got the unwilling to appoint the unfit to do the unnecessary.
Tell me about it.
Here is a guy who really makes things happen.
She'd like a lot of bad to shine on.
Hey, boy, if you don't lick her candy.
Ha ha.
They'll take her.
Little wagon go home.
Now, amen?
Amen.
Amen.
Bless God, you get them up a tree.
Bless God, they won't come back anymore.
They'll say, I'll go get me a little preacher.
They will preach what I want.
And will tell me it's all right to do as I please.
Carney, don't your horses, darling, when you come.
Uh-huh.
I've traveled far and I've traveled wide.
I've been up a creek and I've been down
a slide.
Of the many, many ports of call, the most romantic one of all
is my Salveau from Bellevue.
Because I love that man, that man, I love that man.
I give him every moment.
I love him.
He's the only woman that I can.
He says he wants to execute some things he feels are proper.
He understands just why I put my husband to the chopper.
Love that man, that man, I just adore.
He's my knight, my king, my counselor.
It isn't what I did that's wrong.
He says it's just my mind.

It's my id that's wrong.
I love that man, that man, I love that man.
And I circled the house.
And I remember I still had a key to it.
She let me have the key.
I was sweet of her.
And I never will forget this cheery greeting
when I opened the door.
Is that you, Bob?
That'll do something to you, you know that?
Makes you kind of wonder, doesn't it?
I think I'll call her when I get home tonight.
I wonder who it was supposed to be.
Somebody kissed my baby last night.
I want to know is that all right.
Bob diddly, Bob diddly, hear my plea.
You know pretty baby that he would love me.
Bob, Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.

Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Well, yes, women have offered me sex for any tidbit of knowledge about Bob.
Just any little Bob story I might tell them,
they would offer me sex for.
So I just, I generally avoid that subject.
Uh, yes, dear friends, editing by Sister Susie,
the floozy, uh, courtesy of WREK Radio in Atlanta, Georgia.
You've been listening to the Hour of Slack number five hundred and, uh, six, fifty-six, six,
I can't even remember, but you can remember by writing for free information from Bob
at postofficebox140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214,
or email slack at metronet.com.
We love you, dear friends.
Oh, yes, we love you.
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
