Test.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh!
I don't hear you. I don't think anything's going out.
Yeah, our mics are on.
Test, test.
Are we on?
We're on? Oh, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Let this music do its thing.
Music which only you can hear.
Oh, there it is.
Oh, there it is.
Yes, in the jungle, the subgenius jungle,
old C-Quar sleeps tonight.
They're going at the bottom of the abyss.
Let us hope that old C-Quar sleeps peacefully and stays asleep.
Ever since Baby Bear found that ring attached to her toe in the pond,
the mysterious ancient ring,
I've been worried about what slumbers may have been disturbed.
But...
But that's okay.
It's okay, because Ema Sumac is warbling in the background,
and we are opening up again this Pandora's box called
The Hour of Slack.
Well, I met Wisteria Campground in Caffeina's Cafe
under partly cloudy skies.
And...
With chance of odd precipitation.
But the conspiracy tried to scare us away
by predicting that we were going to be in a cave.
And we were predicting 190 degree temperatures,
and it's actually been pretty nice.
Thanks to Wisteria Campground for making this weather possible.
Because I think they have some ends with weather control.
And, of course, all the people who work at Caffeina's also.
The fine, fine folks at Caffeina's.
You know, one of them, Reverend Beth, was a subgenius before.
Yes, so I understood.
So they need your appreciation.
Not to mention your tips.
And you also, friends, have to follow the rules,
including no pets.
And I'm afraid we have to, before we really get going on the show,
we have some unpleasant administrative business
that we have to discuss.
We'll get that out of the way,
and then we'll get back to the fun and merriment.
But first, this is a rather...
Well, you'd better tell them to stay.
Well, remember yesterday,
we mentioned that a subgenius couple
had smuggled their pet into the campground.
It's against the rules.
I thought it was just a little shih tzu dog,
but it was a very expensive, annoying, purebred shih tzu.
Old, smelly.
Yeah, and it disappeared,
and they wanted people to look for it.
And, well, somebody found little snuckles.
Little...
This is what happens if you break the rules.
Break the rules and don't leave your pet at home,
but this is really gross.
I don't know.
If anybody wants to look, you can.
Dr. Howell.
Yeah, there's some fragments left of the creature.
That's all right.
It smells awful.
The thing is, the creature has been destroyed
with incredible violence.
It's a...
Yeah.
Yeah, there's something...
This dog wasn't just run over.
And it was found down behind one of the toilets
down the far end of the road.
And, I mean, if one of you people did this to that little dog,
not that I can imagine how you would do it,
it's...
That's more like a wild animal.
It's nothing but a bag of hair,
and I don't know if you could see it,
but it's nothing but bones.
It looks like hamburger bones and hair,
all scrambled up together.
And whatever...
Most unappetizing.
That was not human, even...
Or subgenius.
No subgenius would do that.
Even a...
Not even Susie the floozy,
the biggest dog hater in the church,
I don't think even she would do that.
I don't think she could do it, physically.
It's almost as if every cell in the creature's body
had exploded.
And there was no blood.
Hardly any blood.
Just guts.
And those pathetic little bones.
Yeah.
So, you know...
So, there you go.
If y'all have any more pets,
please keep them in your car,
take them home, do something.
Even if you think it right
to bring an iguana or a gecko,
that probably wouldn't go either.
Or a crow.
A crow?
I've seen crows at least.
Trained talking crows.
People bring crows here.
Yeah.
Especially during Starwood, eh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, so...
And people...
We were hearing some pretty strange sounds.
People have reported hearing crashing noises
nearby in the woods at night.
Moody noises, as they're called.
And all that mole stampede the first day.
That was just creepy.
Yes.
Moles without honor.
Cowardly moles.
Now, I don't want to be alarmist or anything about this,
but I found some weird things.
Footprints.
Oh, right.
There's several of them around.
I can take you to see them.
They're kind of hard to get to.
Actually, there's some right behind here.
They're hard to get to.
There's, like...
There are bears occasionally that come through.
Small black bears.
And, of course, then there's the rake bears.
But this looks more like a three-toed,
a big ostrich or a...
Like, you know,
Susie had fake dinosaur tracks here last year.
She had these dinosaurs.
Or shoes stomping around in the mud.
They made for some nice pictures.
But this is different.
This is like a Tyrannosaurus Marlock or something.
It walks on its toes,
and not all the toes may be contacting the ground.
But there are some...
There's one by the power box at the grindhouse.
And there are some right behind here.
I assume this thing, whatever it is,
has been stealing food
and hangs around the kitchen.
Well, bears do that.
I have some photos of the tracks.
I even put a ruler next to them
to show how big they are.
Oh, that's good.
And I'll put those on Facebook
later this afternoon or tonight.
I guess on the 17X Day page.
Well, once it's on Facebook,
it'll be real, I suppose.
Right, yeah.
Once something's on Facebook,
then you can believe it.
By the way, I heard that there's already
an 18X Day page.
Is that a faithless damn gesture or what?
Reverend Pease.
Really?
Yes, the new guy.
The smart alecky.
The no-shift key, shiftless Reverend Pease
who makes fun of me.
He calls me, he always refers to me as
the smartest sacred scribe that we have.
Or the wisest sacred scribe that we have.
He always adds the that we have part.
To qualify it.
I said, that's not saying very much.
And he goes, yeah, I know.
He's the guy who also always wants to know
what is the official church canned chili,
the official church soft drink,
the official whatever.
You should refer him to Undersecretary Rocknar
for the answers to all these things.
Why should you be troubled?
Well, Rocknar would give a different answer.
He would say ale eight for the official soda pop.
And he can have that.
He can own that, as they say.
But you see, you can also get Rocknar
to give the answers that,
that he claims to be searching for.
Well, he told everybody that you needed
350 bucks to pay for your plane ticket.
I don't know where he got that number.
That's actually only about,
it's less than half of what it costs.
Maybe he's thinking of 35 bucks
and then a plane ticket must cost more.
So he adds a zero.
Well, the funny thing is,
somebody did what he said.
So go figure.
Well, that is indeed unusual.
It shows that miracles don't only occur on Christmas,
I suppose.
All right.
Well, what's the next item on the docket?
Why, the official church flavor of Spam,
which would, of course, be the new jalapeno Spam.
I don't know if y'all knew that Spam now comes
in different flavors.
Yes.
Spam comes in designer flavors now.
It's a new world.
It's a brave new world, and I love it.
I love the Spam, the jalapeno Spam,
the hot pepper.
Spam, the hickory flavored Spam.
Hot pepper Spam and jalapeno Spam are actually different.
That is a curious qualitative distinction.
And wait until the Scrapple Spam comes out.
Or is that like a contradiction in terms
or an impossibility?
Could you make cheaper meat than Scrapple Spam?
No doubt they've tried.
We'll be, the Scrapple will be served
at the,
at the,
at the official pancake,
the holy pancake feast,
which I think is Friday morning.
I believe so.
I, I,
who, who pays any attention to those schedules anyway?
You have one right over there, don't you?
Well, I had one, but every,
but you and Princess We keep having to borrow it.
Because nobody reads the schedules
that I work so hard on.
Well, I don't know what to say.
With a hard on.
I, I, it's, uh.
The pancakery and pancookery feast
at Caffeina's noon tomorrow.
And later today,
the socialist social,
sponsored by the good or something,
Mr. Sister.
Oh, well, that's nice.
All the left-leaning people like Mr. Sister
can get together and hash over the latest.
And drink Bloody Marys.
And we've got, uh,
there should be plenty of blood to go around by then
if any more pets get killed.
Pardon me, Princess We?
She's saying the pancakery occurs,
tomorrow.
Right, noon tomorrow.
And, uh,
yeah.
Yeah, so.
Then, uh.
Okay, that's been this hour of slack.
I think we're done.
We've talked about the spam, the scrapple.
Done already?
That's not all anybody cares about anymore.
Why, we are, I thought, hardly begun.
And now we've already concluded?
Oh, no, we can keep, we can keep, uh,
uh, flogging and spamming things.
The Grindhouse is now,
now open.
Thanks to Wisteria's mighty tarps
providing just enough shade.
And, uh, I went down there a little while ago
to photograph the monster, the tracks.
I don't want to use the word monster.
That's crazy.
But, you know, some, whatever those funny footprints are.
Probably a prank.
Yes, let's keep the monsters confined to the Grindhouse.
But the Grindhouse at 11 a.m.
Wait.
July 3rd.
Is that now?
I said the, the, Ed, Ed Wood.
A tribute to Ed Wood,
including some I've never seen.
Crossroads of Laredo
and the Sinister Urge.
And I woke up early the day I died.
That, that reminds me of, uh, Bob's Lunch Hour.
You have seen Night of the Ghouls, I assume.
Yes.
Um, and Bride of the Monster.
Also on the menu.
Plan 9 from Outer Space and Glen or Glenda.
Everybody's seen those ten times.
Plus the Mystery Science Theater version.
Well, you never know.
Sometimes things that you think everyone has seen,
somebody hasn't seen.
When I walked down there a little while ago,
there was one of those Warner Brothers travelogue cartoons
that had hilarious, uh, Indian, American Indian stuff
that would now be construed as racist.
But I have to admit, I laughed.
The gags and those things are always offered
at a sort of a slow, steady pace
instead of an accelerated pace.
Well, what, you know, every now and then,
uh, interviewers, you know, Fox News, CNN,
those kind of people ask me,
Reverend Stang, what are your influences
expecting to hear something sensible
like underground comics?
But really, I would have to say
the Warner Brothers and MGM cartoons
of the 50s and early 60s
were the biggest inspiration for me
to not kill myself as a child.
And for John, I'm John.
Fortunately, they showed them
in that narrow window
before I gave way to...
Just when you get home from school.
Or if you toddled down the stairs at 6 a.m.
to warm up the primitive TV
and watch the early couple of hours of cartoons.
Well, yeah, that's right.
Back in the day, televisions took almost as long
to boot up as computers do now.
That's right.
First, there'd be a tiny white dot
and then that would disappear.
Then suddenly the sound and picture
would crash onto the screen.
Okay, so who's going to be
our sacrifice up here today?
Is it just going to be Dr. Howell and me?
The Howell and Dr. Howell?
Well, we can just hold our position here for a while.
Sure.
And root on the ordeal before us.
The Bob Dobbs theme.
The task which we must all do.
This is the church's new Bob Dobbs theme.
The relentless forward march of Dobbs.
Sweeping everything before him
with his whirlwind pipe.
And selling everything he has destroyed as he goes.
Funny how that works.
Yes.
Other...
Not at a loss either.
Right.
At premium price.
He destroys things.
But Bob sells things to people,
then destroys them,
then sells them,
and sells the destroyed version to them again.
That works especially well in the art world.
Yes, where there is usefulness,
there is defrayed value.
Puzzling Evidence said it very early in the game.
He said, first you make the art,
then you destroy the art,
then you collect the insurance on the art.
And that's the way you make the money on the art.
Well, that explains his approach to compositing audio.
If only Vincent Van Gogh had known that.
Yes, well, these art types don't have heads for business,
as you know.
How easily they are misled.
Because all they want to do is create their paintings,
like Charles R. Knight,
who could never be bothered about money.
Is that so?
Yes.
So he was a subgenius too, I suppose.
I would say he was.
Or what some would call a talented idiot.
Well, he...
An idiot savant.
Yes.
Who could paint dinosaurs like nobody's business.
Could paint all animals.
But he forgot to ask for pay, right?
Well, he would get it.
He would ask for it.
They were poor, but he wouldn't...
That wouldn't be what he was concentrating on.
Sad to say.
Friends, if you're a subgenius artist or rock star
and nobody is willing to even look at your art
or download your horrible band,
just remember,
just remember Vincent Van Gogh,
whose merest scribble sells for millions now,
but he couldn't sell a single damn painting
during his lifetime.
So just remember that.
And then you won't be depressed at all, right?
Just remember, you'll be famous after you're dead.
Knight was engaged in...
It won't make any difference to us, friends.
See, we're still thinking small.
We're still thinking,
oh, X-Day's just a metaphor.
No!
It is real, and it could happen right now!
Well, that would be premature, but it is possible, sure.
It would save us a lot of trouble.
Yes, it happens when ye know at least, apparently.
Right.
In an hour that ye know not,
Bob cometh like a rapist in the night.
When ye know not thy right hand from thy left,
or thy elbow from an ass on the ground.
We're not supposed to make funny jokes about...
Rape, and it's not funny at all.
Oh, you were the one who did it.
Now you are the one who can condemn yourself for doing it.
Then when you watch a subgenius attempt,
then that's when it becomes sadly funny.
So...
Apparently.
There, yeah, apparently.
The gales of laughter are heard off screen,
or added in post.
You know, I keep hearing a phone ring.
Oh, I hear that all the time.
And I'm in headphones.
And I'm...
There's no phone...
I'm hooked up to this thing.
No, no, no.
That is the psychic phone.
You have several calls coming from the astral plane.
They've been recorded on an automatic message system
which no one ever listens to for all eternity.
Is that the astral plane or the asshole plane?
I think that's where they come in for us.
Well, you know...
My message machine at home certainly is evidence of an asshole plane.
But you saw the...
Then there's the Asperger plane.
Why don't you come up here?
Put something pretty in between Hal and me.
Yes, that's right.
We did locate the human soul, remember, in the body, physically.
It's not far from those regions of the organism.
Organism.
Oh, oh, here.
First you have to pot Princess Wee up.
Organism.
There we go.
Organismus.
I love it when you say organism.
Princess Wee.
Organism.
It's from Ren in Ren and Stimpy.
Really?
Yes.
Said the word organism in this space madness episode.
Another proto-subgenius expression.
His lips wiggle after he finishes saying the word
to indicate that he's kind of turned on just by that word.
They're still vibrating from the passion and intensity of his declaration.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Ren and Stimpy led the way to the gross and snarky cartoons of today.
For a generation.
That was a really new thing.
When that show came along, that was boogers on children's TV.
Well, a year or two after Ren and Stimpy was a hit,
there's boogers on every kid's movie.
Pee-pee jokes.
Doo-doo jokes.
And we have Ren and Stimpy.
Pee-pee jokes.
And John Kay to thank for that.
I'm not sure.
I think they were following along in a societal stream.
I would trace the beginning of it to a Japanese children's book
called Everybody Poops, which was insanely popular.
Yes.
It began a publishing phenomenon.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's true.
My grandkids have that book.
In fact, the Terry Pratchett book I'm reading
makes reference to that sort of children's book.
Yes.
There's a...
The hero...

The hero's little six-year-old son has an endless stream of books
like Wee, Wee, Wee, and, you know, the Poo-Poo Story.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I missed out on all of that as a child.
Thank God.
They wouldn't...
That can really warp you.
Well, they would arrest a children's author
for using the word fart.
Jovial adult toilet humor.
Absolutely.
Baby Bear?
Yes.
I brought two of your...
I brought two of your books here printed out.
Because I've been always ready to read them myself.
I might have...
I might have printed them out for myself to read later.
Yeah, those two.
Don't sell yourself short in another untitled one.
I thought I'd give you the chance to do it instead of me.
You can work your way up to it.
You can even just come and sit right here right now and read them.
Or read one of them.
I'm not ready.
No, that's why I'm mad.

I mentioned it.
You can ready yourself up and spritz your throat with whatever the ranters use.
Lemon juice and whiskey.
I just use gravel.
Yeah, those ones are good.
Those ones are good.
Yeah.
You see, when people post something that I think is doctrinally correct and well written
on Scrub Junior or anywhere, I copy them and save them and most importantly, print them
out because otherwise they're just in the ocean of God's forgetfulness.
And hard to find unless you name the file just right.
Whereas I have a drawer in my desk filled with the next subgenius book, which will probably
be self-published.
But I've got at least a book's worth of great rants by everybody else.
All the new folks.
Because the old folks, as you can see by this show, we're just burnouts.
Do you have a ton of books?
Do you have a title in mind?
Too many Burning Mans, too many X-Days, too many Starwoods.
Do you have a title in mind?
Too many book rings.
Oh no, a title for the fourth?
For the new...
It would be the Fourth Testament.
The new book.
Oh, yeah.
Well...
We already did the Bobliagraphon and the Bobapocraphon and the...
The Cyclopedia of Slack.
Yeah.
Princess We came up with that spelling, by the way, of Cyclopedia.
I liked it.
Anyway.
Yeah.
So, our new contest.
What's the title of the next Subgenius book?
It also occurred to me that we haven't put together a Subgenius songs album in about
five years.
And there is a Bob's Song 7 ready to...
And I've used it as Narrow Slack, but it's missing stuff.
I don't think...
It's like Monkeyhive isn't on any official albums.
Because Monkeyhive was such a baby, just born yesterday.
We need a new...
I'm going to give to the band that dare not speak its name.
We need an editor to organize this material.
Oh, that's me, unfortunately.
Actually, Suds has created several new albums worth of compilations.
He's been playing...
Yes, they've been playing at this particular X Day.
Not that I want you to quit playing them, but those things drive me half nuts because
I have specific, very specific memories attached to every one of those separate albums.
I've got a couple of separate cuts.
There'll be one from 1983 and then one from 2013.
And then it's...
And I can remember what I was doing when I first heard it and who sent it to me and
why we're not friends anymore or whatever.
Just it's...
I may have mentioned this yesterday.
If y'all are...
If we're sitting around talking and I suddenly stare out into space, it's not because I'm
bored with you.
It's because I'm remembering something that I've never done before.

It's because I'm remembering something that's playing in the background.
Remember.
He can't escape his complicated past.
Right.
Is that what I said?
Yes.
It's what you said on Scrub.
Is that where I said it?
Yes.
Remember.
And if I've already said what I'm saying before every day for the last three days,
please forgive me.
There is nothing new on the show.
Because I'm getting to the point where I do that real bad.
My kids started saying this a long time ago.
Dad, you told us this yesterday.
Luckily, I catch my kids doing that too.
My dad's been telling me the same jokes every day when I'm around him.
But they're still funny because they're new to me every day.
I don't remember that I already heard them until I hear the punchline.
And then I go, oh, I should try to remember that.
That's funny.
But as you can tell, I'm not very good with jokes.
Sometimes you wake up in the middle of the night and get it.
That happens with Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
I don't get anything he does while the show's going on.
It sounds like nonsense to me.
But then when I listen back to the tape and I'm not in the process of trying to think of how to answer Dave,
I can actually understand it.
So maybe I should listen better.
Yes, but it's hard to do on the fly.
Yeah.
Hal seems to be able to do it better than most people.
Well, yes.
But he's not engineering.
See, I'm having to run the volumes and all of that kind of crap.
Well, I'm used to listening to what's happening in the headphones when I have headphones.
The invisible...
Something is throwing things around.
The invisible man just arrived.
Or a poltergeist-like force.
He knocks everything down and pushes over people on bicycles and cackles.
I certainly hear cackling a lot.
Well, I don't hear it now.
Of course not.
Me?
Cackle?
You haven't gotten cackling yet.
Oh, no.
That's a bad sign, you know.
When witches start cackling, they're gone over the edge.
Cackling is the first sign of dementia in a witch.
They don't all cackle at first.
They cackle when they're pleased with what they've done.
St. Andrew the Impaled is in the house.
There he is, folks.
Yay!
What is he doing in such a nice car?
He's a family man, dear.
I know, but he must have turned to crime.
He must be embezzling from that real estate company.
He sold a house to tentatively a convenience.
I'm amazed that tentatively could buy it.
And tentatively a convenience is one of the weirdest subgeniuses ever.
He was more of a 1980s subgenius.
Still around.
He brought us in the news, world news for the first time, with an art project he did involving two decapitated dogs.
They were already decapitated.
They were decapitated by a train.
But he turned them into artwork and made the news.
And people all over the world read that the church's subgenius made artwork out of killing dogs.
Which is not true, even though I've got this handful of bones from that little shitsy dog.
We didn't kill it.
We didn't do that.
Tentatively was just beating them, I think.
Tentatively is just unthinkably bizarre guy.
He went for a year without washing as a social experiment.
He made a suit entirely made of zippers.
That's all it is.
Zippers sewed to zippers in a suit.
The first time you may ever encounter him would be in Arise where his head is covered in moustaches.
He has shaved his head so that all that remain is fur in the shape of moustaches all over his head.
Yeah, he's the guy in Arise going, Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
He also has a brain tattooed to his skull, I believe.
Yeah, you can't see because he has his hair thrown in now.
If he shaves his head you see a skull tattooed, a brain tattooed to his skull.
And I believe he has one purple and green eyebrow tattoo.
Which facial tattoos are, I don't know, they're kind of in your face.
Yes.
And he's older than I am.
That's right.
I'm sorry, if tentatively was taken in for emergency brain surgery and they shaved his head, they'd go, hey, our work's already done for us.
There's the brain.
Anyway, what I was getting around to is Andrew the Impaled, believe it or not, has a job and a secret identity.
And he was a real estate guy.
He had a client who was looking for a cheap but large house in Pittsburgh, but there's plenty of those there.
And he got a sense that this fellow he was shopping for houses for, he was driving around with the guy, he caused Andrew to kind of quiz the guy, have you ever heard of the Church of the Subgenius?
At which point tentatively chuckled, I'm sure.
He said, heard of it?
Hell, I put its diapers on back in the day.
Said, that was a, it's a small world.
You never know when the pink you're just about to kill because he was a jerky real estate guy might turn out to be a fellow subgenius as weird or weirder than you.
That's right.
In fact, both of those guys have managed to do quite a bit of damage to their own bodies in the name of slack, their slack.
Tentatively and Andrew?
Yeah.
Andrew, when he was working with his partner, David Apocalypse, who I hope is still alive.
I hope he'll show up and may be with Andrew.
They were in a sideshow act called Circus Apocalypse.
And at the climax of the show, David would sew Andrew's lips shut with surgical needles and thread.
He did it right.
It was all, you know, they disinfected everything.
He also did it with surgical precision.
But it wasn't a fake.
And I, somebody would pass out at every show, especially if I was filming it and projecting it on huge screens.

And we have a lot of closeups of Andrew.
Tears just roll down his clown face.
He'd wear clown makeup.
He'd be crying, crying clown, getting his lips sewn shut.
And afterwards, he just looked with these big sad eyes.
Our friend Father Joe Mama witnessed this once.
He walked up to Andrew and said, seems like that would kind of hurt.
And Andrew goes, not enough to come.
He actually told me now, not that this would make it hurt any less, but he told me that he had piercings along his lip that allowed the needle to go through.
Gromit.
He did.
That's what he told me.
Oh, see, I asked him about that and he wouldn't let on.
Next we're going to find out that the screwdriver that he shoves into his face is retractable.
It's collapsible.
Yeah.
I don't think so.
But he always has people feel it, you know.
I don't think so.
I wouldn't touch that.
I wouldn't want the audience to mess with it.
You know, that's how sword swallowers and people like that get harmed by inept audience members selected to come up and participate in the act.
And then if it happens while I'm there, I always feel vaguely guilty as if I had something to do with it or was responsible simply because I was there.
So that sort of act doesn't provide ease.
It's not that it's intended to.
No, it's certainly not.
It's intended to make you horrified and shocked and thrilled to see somebody else do something crazy.
Those guys would also juggle knives, throwing knives at each other.
And the point of this act was they weren't very good jugglers.
So you always got to see some blood.
They were a hard-working team, Circus Apocalypse.
Yes, they were.
And when we were in Amsterdam, who was the guy who was sticking the knife in his face?
He was sticking nails in his nose.
Crazy Jim or Crazy Sean.
Crazy Sean.
Crazy Sean.
That's right.
You can look up Crazy Sean on the interwebs.
He's very bloody all the time.
Yeah, Crazy Sean doesn't have much of a nose left, but I think that's because of cocaine.
Oh, I would think not after all of that, yes.
But, yeah, we've met some interesting performers over the years.
That's true.
Yes, other entrants in the freak show, which the Church of the Subgenius is just about to do.
There's one sad booth in the Tin in One.
We could probably...
Depending on your look, how you look at it, I suppose.
We could probably remake Freaks.
Right here.
Right here at this campground.
It wouldn't be that hard.
Jane isn't here.
Right.
See, I'm already starting to cast it.
It would be harder without Jane.
There he goes.
We might have to make some alterations to a few subgeniuses.
I think the only way to get the Caterpillar Man.
But 808 has always been a good sport.
He looked like you talk him into chopping his long ponytail off one time.
Maybe I can talk him into letting us chop his arms and legs off.
That's one variation of that story.
He can be the Caterpillar Man and Gigglepuss can be the acrobat who's the villainous.
Well, if you expect 808 to be able to whip up anything, any time out of anything, you better not take off his arms and legs.
I'll play the...
I'll play the cuckolded midget.
The poor little midget who everybody gets revenge for him.
What was his name? Hans?
Heinz.
Yeah, I got it.
Heinz?
That's a hard movie for some people to watch.
Because of the midget action, you mean?
People are unused to hearing them.
They don't really exist anymore.
Their voices are high and strange.
Hearing who?
Midgets.
Oh.
Now, the midget that recently escaped from the San Francisco City Jail was only some evildoer named Midget.
Was not an actual midget.
You see, there aren't really any midgets anymore in the developed world.
What?
Although there was once, as you may know, a city of midgets in Florida.
Why do you say there are no midgets anymore in the developed world?
I know several.
Well, they can fix them.
I'm not talking about dwarfs, but...
Oh, okay.
The actual midget, like Harry Earles in Freaks or Billy Barty or someone, is an endocrine condition that now they can cure.
They can fix it.
And unless you wanted a midget for some reason, and people generally don't, they can fix it.
It's quite different from a pituitary dwarf like...
Well, you know, that was what I...
...Eanor Dinklage on Game of Thrones.
I understand.
That was what I thought most of my life.
And then somebody convinced me that midgets and dwarfs were the same condition, but just different varieties.
And I foolishly believed them, evidently.
But the dwarf of the kind that remains, that still is to be found, the little people that we see, is a pituitary condition, particularly.
Anyway, it's all Google.
You can read about...
I was going to say...
...animals and curiosities of medicine.
I've got a pretty decent collection of midget porn.
So it comes to that.
Doesn't everybody?
Those ladies aren't...
And fellers aren't old.
They're probably in their 20s.
Are they Americans?
Yes.
There's a really cute dwarf lady.
A dwarf...
I guess it's a dwarf and a midget.
We're talking about dwarfs again.
Not the same.
What's wrong...
Well, I think there's like one of each.
A midget...
And they have a hippie for a boyfriend.
...as long as we must continue with the subject.
And they share the hippie boyfriend.
Fully proportioned.
And I'm jealous.
But just small.
A miniature.
Just like a miniature breed of any creature.
It is the same, but small.
A dwarf, on the other hand, has disproportionate reduction of the limbs.
And the head is the same size as the adult.
Echo bad as a midget?
Generally with a protruding forehead.
And what is our friend Jane?
She's a dwarf plus a whole bunch of other conditions.
And here is the documentary about Jane Hash.
Are we going to sell it at the subgenius auction?
Blame Jane, the shockumentary.
Yeah, it's in the Buldada auction.
And it's actually very well done.
And by the end of it, you'll want to party with Jane.
And you can, too, actually.
What, there's a special app on you?
She'll probably be at Starwood.
No, she won't be at this year's Starwood.
It was very difficult for her last year here because the grounds are so difficult for a wheelchair.
So she probably won't be back.
When they're wet and mucky, it's hard to get about.
It depends.
But we might mention that we're always ready to have things donated for the Buldada auction.
If anyone has anything, remember, this is the place to send those things to make it the most memorable Buldada auction ever.
Though that would be difficult by this point.
If anybody has any spare dwarfs or midgets, I'd like to start a collection.
That was what royalty used to do that in the olden days.
Kings would collect dwarfs, except for Peter the Great of Russia, who collected giants.
He would trade his court dwarfs for other kings' giants.
And the reason was Peter the Great was named that because he was really tall.
He was almost a giant himself.
He was 6'6", which in those days was real big.
So he liked to have giants around that made him look a little more normal.
How about those giants, huh?
How about those giants?
A nice name.

I think we're getting a submission for the auction, perhaps.
Dark Adventures Radio Theater.
The H.P. Lovecraft Historical Society.
Here, you have to hold that up to his face when he does that.
The H.P. Lovecraft Historical Society.
They produce radio shows based on Lovecraft's stories.
They've also done one of the best film adaptations I've ever seen of Lovecraft.
Oh, did they do that black and white amateur movie?
They did The Call of Cthulhu.
And they did it in the style of old silent film, like from the time when the story was written.
And it's probably about the most accurate Lovecraft story that's ever been put to film.
Yeah.
They did a great job of filming in their backyard boats going between the icebergs and cyclopean landscapes.
Yeah.
That's the way to do it.
Have you seen that film?
No, I haven't.
It's damn good.
Yeah.
It's called The Call of Cthulhu?
It's The Call of Cthulhu by the H.P. Lovecraft Historical Society.
Right.
Made by all amateurs and basically in garages and backyards.
I mean, you can tell that it's stylized.
It's almost like having a Dr. Caligari.
I've seen the title card, which is very well done and in period.
Yeah, it's very well made.
It looks like a silent movie title.
But this is the complete series of radio programs that they did.
It's The Mountains of Madness, The Reanimator, Call of Cthulhu, Color Out of Space, Shadow Over Innsmouth.
The fact that there are now plush dolls of Cthulhu, does that mean that someday there will be plush dolls of Bob?
It might be.
You might be interested in these, Sud, since we're on Lovecraft.
Papa Joe Mama makes trading cards on the ship.
And he has just finished a new...
Oh.
Hold on.
What's going on?
What's this?
I'm so sorry, but we have to tell this story.
Wisteria would not listen to us.
All right, now please be calm.
What's going on?
Please simply be calm and relate this story in a calm manner.
Oh, brethren.
We drove off.
We drove off to the shower house last night.
Commandable.
Hygienic.
Yeah, we were too tired to walk, I admit.
But we were enjoying the crescent moon in the sky.
And we were sitting in the car before taking our showers.
And, well, we got caught up in a moment.
It was a passionate moment.
And one moment led to several other moments.
And the car was rocking in the moment of passion.
I can't say.
What happened next?
What happened?
Well, there's no need to be too confessional here.
Did rednecks attack you or something?
You know, in this sort of the afterglow moment, we realized the car still was rocking.
Good Lord.
There was...
Wait a minute.
Nobody came a-knocking, but the car was still rocking?
No, it was still rocking.
A localized earth tremor.
Our car.
It was horrible.
Well, I'm sorry.














I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
That was just...
The creature.
I think it was...
We could not see it clearly, but there was some hominid form, I think, raping my Camry.
I've only had that car for a short while.
It was raving.
He was raping the car.
Are you saying you claim to have seen some sort of monster?
What?
What?
It was...
It was...
Just, like, dubs.
It was just...
The gas tank hold things.

the gas...
Wow.
It was all mangled?
Did I improve the mileage?
I shouldn't be making jokes.
I didn't feel...
You guys are obviously pretty shook up.
A creature.
I can say with all honesty,
she did not sleep at all last night.
Boy, you know, that little dog got killed?
You didn't get a chance to see this so-called monster's feet, did you?
I did not, no.
But it had to have been big enough to lift up and rock a four-door Toyota.
Hmm.
The center of gravity may have been high.
Or somebody may have been.
And we tried to tell the folks here at Wisteria,
and they did not want to listen.
We knew you would,
and you would tell the truth to those who need to hear.
All right.
I've about had it with you crazy kids
trying to prank the pranksters
and have fun.
I've had fun with the subgenius.
We're no...
Hey, I'm no kid.
Maybe at heart.
Well, we're all in the subgenius youth program together.
Doctor Howie thought that you're the scientist.
You would figure it out.
Well, but where's your evidence?
Where's your data?
Where's your hard...
Anyway, we will look into it.
So you say you think you saw some sort of monster?
It was big.
It was a monster.
It was.
By comparison.
Somewhere between here and the shower house.
You will find evidence.
I've known these kids a long time.
Sure, they might have been drinking or something,
but I don't think they'd just come up with a stunt like this.
I've heard it had nothing to do with this.
This is pretty serious.
Well, it's your call, Sheriff Stang.
I think you should interview Reverend Pickles as well,
because...
Oh, Pickles, eh?
And Pickles?
Pickles?
Another one of these troublemakers.
Came in yesterday at the gate.
They asked to see his driver's license,
and when he asked why, they said,
in case you hurt any animals.
So they know something is out there.
They were here?
Yeah.
So a cover-up, maybe.
If ever there was a cover-up.
I'm going to have to talk to the Wisteria staff about this.
You know, because the authorities, if there really is...
I mean, look, I...
Wisteria kind of rhymes with Wisteria.
You know, the problem is...
Yes.

Yes.
Yes.





The cops, they go, yeah, church is a subgenius.
They're always talking about monsters and UFOs
and the world's going to end tomorrow.
Lose ends.
They're not going to listen to us.
But that certainly would tie in with what happened
to the couple's dog, Scruggles, or whatever its name was.
Snuggle.
They left, by the way.
They took off.
They were so distraught from what happened to their dog.
Yes, it was terrible.
Terrible.
But we have their money.
The dog that was...
Oh, you want to see what's left?
The dog that was left of the dog?
Put those remains away.
Go ahead.
Take a good look.
That used to be a very valuable and annoying shih tzu puppy.
It was at death's door to begin with.
Oh, God.
It was trembling with age and palsied with eld to begin with.
Well, everybody hated it.
I'm glad it's dead, frankly.
But no animal should have to go like that.
That was hard.
Just talking about something out of H.P. Lovecraft.
A long and satisfying life.
Yes, in fact.
Thanks, folks.
Lovecraft.
Robin did describe the death of dogs in...
Well, I hope you guys aren't going to let this affect your stay here next day.
But keep your car locked by all means.
Go forth and multiply, divide, add, and subtract.
I wonder if there's any, like, fluid samples in the car.
Now you've got staying going.
In the gas tank.
Well, you say it's in the...
It was making...
Having its way with the gas.
Hmm.
How about the...
Tiger in the tank.
The exhaust pipe.
I did not...
There might have been some kind of device over the...
Like a catalytic converter thing or something?
No, more like a condom.
On the exhaust?
Yeah, on the exhaust pipe.
Because it was not making its typical sound when I returned.
But the vehicle seems to run all right.
Though traumatized.
It was sputtering a bit, yes.
Uh-huh.
Didn't want to start up right away.
This is just all too weird.
That is really...
Well, thanks for your...
Very strange.
How do you handle something like that when you're having an end-of-the-world cult festival?
You know, how do you get the authorities to take you seriously?
We're going to have to see.
Maybe Wisteria knows more about this than we've been told.
Yeah, if they said something to Pickles...
You know, because if word of some kind of murderous thing got out...
Hey, wait a minute.
You know, I just thought of something else.
What's that?
Nobody's seen Dr. Legume, right?
No.
Doesn't this all sound like...
Doesn't this sound like the kind of thing...
Well, I don't want to accuse anybody.
He tramples little dogs and turns them inside out.
But, you know, with the stories of old Sequa, you know,
and the guy with the golden hook on his arm that lived around here...
Old Sequa leaves drag marks and gel tracks and so forth.
Right, right.
Old Sequa wouldn't be able to do that to that dog.
He would just swallow it.
No, just snap it up.
It was more like this thing.
It had been...
I just...
I can't even...
I mean, it's...
As if the cells had exploded from the inside out and the bones had been disarticulated and pulverized.
Almost like it had been microwaved.
Well, we just have to hope that nothing else happens.
Although, you know, it would be great...
Isn't that enough?
Is it Reverend Bastard around here?
No good.
Yeah, he's no good.
Remember that asshole last year?
Reverend Bastard.
Well, he was trying to get...
We try not to...
We try not to...

He was trying to get in.
And somebody said they saw him this morning pass out standing against a tree, sleeping,
with his head against a tree, asleep.
That's a good trick.
So, maybe we can use him for bait.
That would be cool.
He may not want to lie down with the ants, the Emmets, and the Pismires of the ground.
Man, all I know is this is one weird campground.
You're telling me.
This is one weird bunch of people.
It is.
Frankly.
But, you know, we've said, exploit your abnormality.
That's a compliment here.
Yes.
Be weird.
Really.
Indulge your weirdness, your fetishes, your perversions, because that's what makes you you.
What if your idea of slack is turning a little expensive shih tzu dog inside out?
Is that still cool?
I'm surprised anyone has the energy for such an elaborate...
...procedure.
Hmm.
Well, like I say, I don't think that a person could do a thing like that.
What was that, Fightsy Taj?
Maybe it was done by one of those weapons from Machete Kills last night.
Maybe it was done by one of the weapons from Machete Kills last night.
Specialized weapons.
They did turn people inside out, you may remember.
Oh, is that what was going on?
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, I heard him say that in that line.
Wow.
What a coincidence.
It was dope.
They had a movie where we had weapons that turned people inside out, and then there's
this dog turned inside out.
And in the same movie, cult dupes got into a spaceship to take off at an apocalyptic event.
Coincidence or conspiracy?
Coincidence or ellipsis?
Something like that.
Dog, dog, dog.
Pre-figuring.
Man.
Yeah, sometimes life imitates art, I guess.
All the time.
An endless serpent chasing its tail.
Like that one hour of Slack fan.
An aerobarist.
Well, he was more of a Puzzling Evidence fan.
Paul Elliott, that kid that shot up all those people in California.
When did that happen?
He said he was inspired by your show.
I don't remember that.
He was the kid who videotaped himself going, all the normal people and the handsome and
attractive people that get to have sex and have relationships.
And I am so cool.
But yet.
I've never even been kissed by a girl.
Oh, and on the day of retribution, I shall make them pay.
Oh, yes.
He looked to sound like, you know what I'm talking about.
That last month's mass killer crazy guy.
Yes, but that was no subgenius.
No, he was the worst kind of Bobby, you know, who takes this stuff at face value and goes,
ah, normals are all bad.
I'm going to go kill them all.
It's like that guy was the most normal.
He's like a, he'd be a, he'd be a reject from churches.
If he showed up on any of our forums, he'd be the butthurt guy that leaves after two
minutes.
As soon as somebody questions his spelling or something.
So you guys ought to be more careful about what you say on your radio show, because I
think you're inspiring all kinds of deadly crazed killers out there in California on
the West coast.
I don't have the bleepers post on that show.
Only on my own.
People are much more stable here in the Midwest.
Well, so you say.
Except maybe for Michigan.
Yes.
So you say.
We'll see how stable it all is.
This is Ohio.
Crazy stuff doesn't happen here.
When push comes to shove.
You got to go over to Mount Point, is it Point Pleasant over in West Virginia to see the
crazy stuff.
Don't you occasionally experience localized earth tremors?
No.
We do.
They're, they say that they're causing a lot of trouble.



They're caused by our local nuclear plants.
I thought that was indigestion.
No dear.
There have been actual earthquakes in Northeastern Ohio.
Earth movement.
Well, that can't happen.
There's a nuclear power plant out there.
That Perry power plant.
They can't have an earth place.
That's why we have the earthquakes.
That would be crazy.
That'd be like building nuclear plants right in the middle of fault lines.
The power plants cause the earthquakes.
Speaking of West Virginia.
Now say what?
Speaking of West Virginia.
Yeah.
Wow.


I stopped on the way here.
I stopped for gas and they had this magazine on sale at the gas station.
Who's in jail?
Who's in jail magazine?
Who's in jail?
It's got pictures of the mug shots and everything.
Oh, those are great.
Yeah.
I buy those every day on them because they're kind of humorous.
The last time I bought one, the guy behind the counter said, sir, you know, that's not
exactly news.
And I said, I know, I know.
I got to get it because it's funny.
Actually, I told him, well, I wanted to see if my friends were in here.
And sure enough, there was old Reverend Funny Man.
I just thought, I meant to mention that yesterday when I was up here, but I forgot about it.
How interesting.
You know, back home, we just got the guy to, you know, bite goats in the lawn and stuff
like that.
There's some communities or there's some magazine company that just prints mug shots for different
cities.
There's like a Dallas version and a Houston version and a Cleveland version and so forth.
I guess there's a, you know, Podunk.
Yeah.

Yeah.



West Virginia.
Why not?
Well, I thought that was quite interesting.
I almost picked it up.
I have to watch my finances on this trip.
Yeah.
It's so that criminals can laugh at other criminals.
Who's in, who's out.
That's why I bought it.
What's my crime?
It's like your family reunion newsletter, you know?
Right.
But it'd be more like your family reunion newsletter from what you've told us of your
family.
It'd probably be true.
Hey, wait a minute.
You didn't bring that brother of yours here.
No, no, no, no.
Because that would explain everything.
Yeah, it would.
That would explain everything.
I got him chained down in the basin with the Mormon newspaper.
Missionaries.
Yeah.
You know, like, Ian had a weird relative that was chained up in his home.
Well, yeah.
Really did.
Jane Eyre style.
Wow.
Well, mystery upon mystery.
It gets thicker and deeper like bullshit often does.
Like oily ooze from the bottom of time.
You want to hear my David Black imitation?
Yeah, I think this is just the time for it.
That's bullshit!
Yeah.
That's a bunch of bullshit!
That's my David Black imitation.
It's all dead.
Former so-called Pope Black.
Yeah.
Yes.
He was defrocked and we made a little German dog Pope of all Europe instead.
Instead.
I wonder, I bet Pope Pedro is gone by now.
Probably.
He was really old.
He also was old.
Old, I tell you.
Hey, wait a minute.
I know of another ageless animal we could make Pope of all something.
Your newt.
Princess Wee has a newt that I swear.
On a stack of Book of the Subgeniuses is at least, what did he figure, 37 years old?
He's about 37 now.
But we don't know how old he was when she got him at the pet store.
This thing, I mean, newts aren't supposed to live more than about 10 years.
This thing's only this long.
It's like three inches long.
It's the oldest thing around.
Easy to maintain.
Right.
Yes, he just eats a little nugget of, what are those things?
Brine shrimp.
Brine shrimp each day.
Brine shrimp each day.
That's it.
Yeah, and we decided that he was being kept alive by frop particulate matter in the air.
And orgasmic radiation.
It could just be.
So.
But it might also be lasting and lasting because he's not too complicated.
So he's easy to maintain and repair his little cells and keep his little metabolism going.
He's not hundreds of miles of tubes.
And giant hearts and body heat and so on.
He's just this little blob that sits there and.
And sheds his skin all the time.
So he's constantly renewing himself.
Yeah.
He sheds his skin and then he eats his skin after he sheds it.
That's parsimonious with protein.
I've heard that Bob does that.
That JR Bob does.
And it's a big meal.
You know, skin is the biggest organ on your body.
Bob sheds his skin and then eats it.
And that's why he looks so young.
All the time.
I mean, he's got to be in his eighties and yet look at him.
You know, the earth does like a snake renew its winter weeds out one.
I'm going to do something amazing for the first time.
This is a historical thing.
Reverend Spike.
I remembered your name this time.
Bum bum bum.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Finally.
Well, there you go.
Reverend fight.
See, Todd had to tell me four x rays in a row where his name came from.
And each time it was like the first.
After the fourth time it stuck.
We finally got it.
In case you don't know it's the, it is, it spells out.
Fuck them.
If they can't take a joke.
It's one of those things like the one three Oh one three.
It's sometimes takes people years to see why that is special.
And every month or so, somebody catches on that.
Her name.
We are dough kind of says.
Weirdo.
No.
Yeah.
Wow.
I.
What it took.
Some people don't notice that right off the bat.
There's quotes on the R like in toys are us.
And officially the R is reversed.
Well, now it's getting complicated.
Yeah, that's.
Yeah, that was.
You can't hear the background.
I mean, the front ways and sideways of the orthography.
What?
A Mavridis reversed the R.
Yes.
As in toys are us.
Yes.
Oh, we are.
But with the R backwards.
Yeah.
Nothing is good enough.
That was a Palmer addition.
Yes.
Nothing is good enough until Paul has fixed it.
There is an illustration, folks.
Right then and there.
So genius process.
What is this music?
Glorious climax of this part of the show.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Hey, that actually that is an hour.
It's exactly an hour on this recorder.
It when I look down, I'm not I poop you not.
I look down and it said one.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
And then it changed to one.
Oh, oh, oh, one.
And that's my cue to stop and then start this again.
I'll be able to make a CD copy because it won't be two hours long like yesterday.
And so I'm stopping now.
Don't say anything.
No, no, no.
