essex noises
constision
mentre se
ass
ziko
san
Christians who make Jesus look so petty.
All you right-wing ideologues who lie, cheat, and steal in the name of the Lord to grab people's hearts, minds, and money.
All you self-righteous moralists who think that you know what God Almighty wants us to see, hear, think, and do are in big trouble.
Don't let your mind go to hell.
Save it.
Listen to the self-genius power of what?
I've seen the final frontier.
I've seen.
I've seen the final frontier.
The unsalivating acid.
Another pop sham.
That little amount that you can donate dollars.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
$5.
$10.
$5.
Cool.
Did he get it?
Did we rule the world?
Give it.
Please.
Bob.
I'm going to get near.
I'm going to get near.
I'm going to get near.
I'm going to get near.




I'm asking you now.
Oh.
Poor Bob.
I almost felt sorry for him.
Almost.
And these days, Bob has grown accustomed to a very different lifestyle.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.


Oh.
I'm sorry.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And welcome back to the Hour of Slack.
This is a special, special broadcast tonight.
I have a lot of feeling in my heart because this is our five-year anniversary.
Five years, dear friends.
This show, Hour of Slack number 257.
Seven marks the fifth year of the word of Bob reaching out across the airwaves,
reaching out for those subgeniuses and those slackless ones who need the slack that Bob can give.
So we've tried to put together a special show, one that will bless your heart
and bring you closer to the dogma and the doctrine of Bob's church,
the church of the subgenius.
I hope it'll help you to understand Bob better,
to understand your fellow members and yourself.
Praise Bob.
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!

Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!

love Bob, Bob!
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!
Okay.
She kept saying over and over and over again, it's wonderful, wonderful.
And she said as fast as she could, wonderful, this is wonderful, this is wonderful.
Everything that happens to you, every second of every minute of every hour of every day, remember silently to name it wonderful.
This is wonderful.
And whatever you name, anything in your life is what it becomes for you.
Are we ready for our time travel experiment?
Then set the chronons for Nexus 3.
Okay, the code is I love pretty words.
I love pretty words.
I love pretty words.
I love pretty words.
I love pretty words.
Now, as you can see, off in the distance, leaving space.
Boing, oing, oing, oing, oing.
And so history was made, or rather unmade, as they went back in time.
Past the fighting minute man, past the armored knight, past the Roman warrior, to this prehistoric site.
But we overshot our mark and we went zillions of years into the past, into the area of nothingness and chaos that existed before the universe.
The primordial vacuum cleaner.
The dust balls of space.
Millions of miles across.
Gigantic hair balls.
And lint filled the cosmos.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
And the weaknesses and avete employees.
O amigo
And
芉
The
Oing
Oing
Hosanna in the high
In your super band
Good God
Having a night
This is popcorn
Lord of mercy
Lord of mercy
Lord of mercy
Christ of mercy
Lord of mercy
Christ of mercy
Christ of mercy
Christ of mercy
Christ of God
Christ of risen
Christ he gonna come back
One more time
I invite you to get under my roof
So give it up
I turn it loose
Give it up
Like my God
Take away the sins of the world
Have mercy
Like my God
Take away the sins of the world
And grant us peace
He's super bad
Good God
He's super bad
Super super super bad
Oh my God
I'm caught inside for having offended thee
And I detest all my sins
Oh baby
Please don't hit
If you funky down there
Oh
Ha
Love me with you
Bet you do
Love me with you
Bet you do
Ha
May God bless you
Bless you too
May God bless you
Bless you too
Please
Please
Please
God the Holy Spirit
Praise the Father
Good God
Good God
Good God
Go in peace
Hit me
Bob
What about Bob
Shut up human
In the time of P
When Bob Dobbs takes my cash from me
Lost my job
And lost my wife
So genius church wants to take my life
So genius church wants to take my life
And still Bob Dobbs demands his pay
And still Bob Dobbs demands his pay
And still Bob Dobbs demands his pay
Down in my wallet
Where I keep my gold
A guiding mouse is after my soul
A guiding mouse is after my soul
A smiling creek
The Dallas hack
He claims to deliver me
Eternal slack
Eternal slack
Eternal slack
Eternal slack
Eternal slack
The sky is a bit put on the Jolien in the car
The sky is a bit put on the Jolien in the car
I peaked it up in the downtown cave
I peaked it up in the downtown cave
I peaked it up in the downtown cave
I pitched my NYc, its right up along
And I hod up, I catched my mark
I checked time to oh chart
And I low my chest
And set my money across the sea
I set my money across the sea
To the land called New York
In the town I live in
All I know is how I believe
In Bob Dobbs
I don't need my cash from me when Bob takes my cash from me.
All you say, no you don't.
Wonderful, dear friends.
What that man Bob can do for you.
Ah, yes.
This is one of those good old times of genius gospel shows.
I'm sure just brimming over with the spirit.
I don't even care if you are.
That's how in the spirit I am.
I don't even care.
But we do it because of love, dear friends.
Oh, praise Bobby.
We do this in business.
No, I'm so sorry, listen.

We're hungry?

Don't take it away.
ее

We would do anything we can.


Someone who would make so many fish sesame bindings and breasts
Help us find your daughter.
Just wait a minute.
Who's calling?

It's getting so that more and more, every time I'm in the studio for a session,
I feel just a little bit more hypocritical and guilty.
It's like I'm part of this massive conspiracy to lure unsuspecting people into spending all
their money on image-enhancing products that in reality they little need nor ill can afford.
The strange thing is, the more guilty I feel about this situation, the better my work is.
My delivery has improved tenfold since the Iraqi crisis.
I work four or five times a week.
I've even upped my rates.
Just think what would happen in the event of an all-out war.
Thinking about it almost makes it worth thinking about.
But as good as I get at my work, I'll still be only a mouthpiece, a conduit for someone
else's concepts, a faceless spokesman for companies who want you to believe their advertising
campaigns.
Only a little bit more than they want to believe in them themselves.
Now what do you think?
Am I cutting my own throat here?
Biting the hands that feed me by verbalizing these thoughts on the demo line, an audio
billboard for the commodity that I have become?
I don't know.
I can't answer that.
But I do know this.
This country has a long and proud tradition of lying to its own people.
It's a tradition that has served its own best interests.
And advertising is only one small part of that conspiracy.
Regardless of what I may have told you over the radio, nothing you can buy will make you
a better person, a happier person, a more spiritually connected person, can provide
you with the things in life that are truly important to the soul.
There are things that can never be turned into commodities and marketed, and these things
must be searched for.
And they must be searched for within each of us, individually.
Our future as a country is built upon lies and deception.
And if you don't think that you're only three paychecks away from that disgusting bum you
just passed on the street, then you too are part of that deception.
No matter how much money you have, the sad fact remains that regardless of what color
Porsche or BMW or Lamborghini you have, you will never be one of George Bush's rich friends.
George Bush does not want you to be his friend.
George Bush does not care enough about you to even dislike you.
You cannot afford to buy your way into his country club.
It does not matter if you're a slave in the fields, or a slave in the office, or a slave
in the big house on the hill.
You're still a slave, and at best, a middle management slave, prodding and whipping and
abusing those beneath you in a desperate fervor.
Praying that you will suddenly find yourself a part of that inner circle.
Believe me, you will be dead long before you get close to that inner circle.
And you will be replaced the very next day by yet another well-groomed, well-oiled, eager,
well-meaning, brown-nosing slave.
This year's model.
Recently we observed the imploding of communism in Eastern Europe.
Now what do you think brought all that about?
Was it because the communist system was flawed and doomed to collapse from its very inception?
No.
I don't think so.
I think it was because of the ineffective, greedy, myopic, and insensitive bureaucrats
who were charged with the responsibility of keeping the machine running.
Interesting parallel, don't you think?
They're not all that different from the ineffective, greedy, myopic, and insensitive bureaucrats
charged with the responsibility of keeping our machine running.
But rather than choose to evict them, as was the case in Russia,
all too often we choose to emulate them.
To ape their postures, their uniforms, their speech patterns and phraseology.
But remember what I said.
George Bush and his rich friends do not need you in their country club.
They're not the same.


Stop acting like you're next on the docket, because you aren't.
Stop acting like everything is all right, because it isn't.
Nothing is all right.
And if you can look around you at the state of this country
and not secretly admit to yourself that our system is just as vulnerable as theirs,
and that their dominoes just happen to fall first,
then either you're truly one of George Bush's rich friends,
or else you're truly ignorant.
And all I know,
is that George Bush's rich friends probably would not be calling this number
to hear my demo line.
It's the top 3% who really call the shots in this corporate fiefdom
we lovingly sing to in all of those patriotic songs.
If you're fortunate enough to be working right now,
remember, you're working at least three of those days
to pay off your accrued interest charges
and to help fund a government that can't even help you feel safe
as you stand in line to cash what's left of your paycheck.
That 3% at the top, the real inner circle,
is bleeding you dry.
It's bleeding this country dry,
not to mention what's left of this planet.
And as we trip over each other in our rush to emulate our leaders,
we wallow like pigs in the waste of our abundance,
oblivious to our inevitable slaughter.
And why do we continue to do this?
Why do we continue to remain on this treadmill to oblivion?
Why can't we learn from our collective histories?
And how can I give so freely of my talents and my art
to the continued perpetration of this hoax?
I don't know.
I can't answer that.
Freedom without structure.
Structure is anarchy.
Structure without freedom is fascism.
What are you?
An anarchist or a fascist?
You cannot afford the initiation fee to George Bush's country club.
Remember, capitalism is not democracy.
Convenience is not freedom.
And the government is not your friend.
Thank you for calling the voiceline.
Thank you for listening?

That was Joe Paulino, dear friends.
Reverend Joe Paulino.
Isn't this a funny show?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
We don't know where it came from.
We can't imagine where it goes.
We don't know where it came from.
We can't imagine where it goes.
Boh.
Bob-bop.
Bob-bop-bop-bop.
Bop-bop-bop-bop.
Bop-bop.
Bop-bop-bop.
Yeah, so that's why we're on the air.
That's right we've got to be on the air because, see, within about seven or eight, well, I'd
say maybe ten years, most of the human race is going to be dead anyway of AIDS because
it's geometrically increasing.
Look, we sincerely hope that once you see what the gods have in store for you by the
way of retribution, tribulation, plague, punishment and plights, you'll realize just how badly
You need powerful friends and benign protectors like us.
You may scoff and ridicule this show right now,
but the day will come when the stockpile calamities will all be unleashed on you.
Hey, this is prophecy. Stand by.
Miniature big feet that run around slashing your ankles with poison razor blades,
the frozen nitric acid hail,
volcanoes that belch nerve gas,
and hallucinogenic dust clouds,
the one just engulfed millions at a time.
Rogue planets will pull into new solar orbits
and disrupt the rotation of the earth.
Some days will be a week long,
others no more than a few hours.
Things will fall off.
Great skyscrapers filled with horrified screaming people
will wrench themselves from their foundations and fly skyward
past the atmosphere and out into space.
Shopping malls will sink into the ground and never be seen again.
Thousands of comets will pound the moon until it shatters
and covers the ground with carcinogenic,
dreadful smells,
Nathan!
Who was the last in Malaysia
to think that you're right?
Nikki lip every minute of theMindr.com
prophecies laid out what's going to happen in health, industrial, bad things like that.
See, we've got the cases here, and when you talk about this many people
having the disease, or that many people working
in the geological spectrums that are needed to push technology...
Actually, a critical point will be reached sometime in 1988 or so when all the
available... Yes, all the available soldiers will be fighting for dogs.
...population AIDS patients will have been exhausted if the train...
Yeah, but by that date every single subgenius will have his own radio show,
including you, and I mean, so we'll all be broadcasting this news at that time,
and understanding it... Okay, what year is the mutant revolution headed off
when Charles Manson discovers the secret Death Valley entrance to Hollow Earth
and leads all the exiled misfit Nazi hell creatures against the mutant strongholds?
Here they come now.
Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not kill,
and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment.
But I say unto you that whosoever is angry with his brother without cause
shall be in danger of the judgment.
Ye have heard that nothing said an eye for an eye, but two for a tooth.
But I say unto you that ye resist not even, but whosoever shall spite thee on thy right cheek,
turn to him the other also.
Ye have heard that it has been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemies,
but I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that push you, do good to them that hate you,
and pray that they may not be killed. But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that push you, do good to them that hate you, and pray that they may not be killed.
and pray that they may not be killed.
and pray for them which despitefully use you in persons of evil.
Amen, Amen.
Well of course, this is biologically, this is biologically. Suicide's absolutely madness.
No, it's just ridiculous.
Love your enemy. It isn't easy to love an enemy.
Since it goes against your most
Since it goes against your most
basic survival instinct, but it can be done and turned to an advantage. Let the love squirt
out of you like a fire hose of molasses. Give him the kiss of life. Stick your tongue down
his throat. Taste what he's been eating and bless his digestion. Booze down into his intestines
and help him along with his food. Life in all its rich variety. Do not falter. Let your love
enter in unto him and penetrate him with a divine lubricant. Makes KY and Leland feel like sandpaper.
It's the most mucilaginous, the slimiest, ooziest lubricant there ever was or shall be. Amen.
Uh, he is the one true innocent. He's so dumb that he doesn't know good from evil. To him,
he might walk a little old lady across the street and then might turn around and do sex tortures on
her for three weeks, keeping her clinging to life and then make a sandwich out of her face.
To him, it's all the same. And if we were, it could be as truly innocent as Bob.
Why we could, we could do that too.
Sick. Be lightened up. Isn't half as bad as sticking a needle into your vein.
You see, you don't get a clink in glasses and you don't make a toast. All you do,
you suck on a little reaper, you gulp in the smoke and pass it on to the next person.
The buzz comes real fast and there's no hangover.
You just light it up like you do a chest of feel. You inhale a sweet smell of smoke,
you exhale it out of your mouth, that's all there is to it.
If you like an atomic bomb, that's all there is to it.
Things are more mixed up than you ever dreamed. What was up is now. The priorities are all
screwed.
You're afraid if your hair looks okay while some new kind of bladder cancer is bursting
out in front of your desire genes. Yes, this is bad talk. Nobody will listen to anything
else. You won't look at TV unless body parts are carved or chipping or crashing on it.
You won't taste your food unless it has some nerve drug in it. You haven't used your
other senses since you were five. And you sure as hell won't stop what you're doing
until someone much bigger, much stronger, and much, much more.
Self-assured makes you stop. And you'll thank him for it. And then just before you
fry in a flash of radioactive hindsight, you'll realize that he stopped you from doing the
wrong thing. Good God, what in the name of sweet screaming Jesus is this world coming
to? People bitch, people cry, but this is a sign of the end times. That's a sign of
the end times. When you should all be hollering, it's all a sign of the end times.
Millions are going to be going. And they're going to leave this earth, and they're going
to leave it on the low, low, low. Lost loved ones behind. Did you hear what he was saying?
Did you hear what he was saying? Is it possible that the end of the world will come in July
1999? Perhaps in the form of an atomic holocaust. Such a forewarning of ultimate truth.
Doom can generally be dismissed out of hand.
This is Philo Drummond and Leif Cowabunga, the swinging hate corpses, dear friends.
Bring fast. This is the scrambler. We've got to tape this. We'll play it back real slow.
And we'll get his whole tape. Okay, it says meet at the Texas Theater, November 22nd.
Yeah, that's right. Bring the curtain rods. Well, just another subgenie caller. Just another
phone bomb. Just another subgenius. What can I say? Bob is fill in the blank. You can count
on that. Well. Or kill. Me. For more. Thank you. More or less. Why friends like to feed
another nation.
With our garbage. And who's going to do that? The passion of this garbage is delicious.
What was that? The church of subgeniuses. I don't know. But how many of you are really
genuinely intelligent? Bang. Are you blaming God for atom bombs? God for atom bombs? Atomic
warheads? All over the country. Every morning. Passed. Blotted out. Yeah. In the future.
Sure. Yeah, that's what I want. Ah, yeah.
Yes.
20 years ago, I warned of atom bombs. 20 years ago, I warned of atom bombs. You listen in
amazement as we take this one joke and keep blowing it up. Bigger and bigger. And the
only reason we're pumping so much behind this one joke is that we want to see how big it
gets before it explodes.
It was at this point that the hypnotist made the decision to take his subject over the
hump.
Buses, cars, and trains will crash. Wives and husbands and babies will disappear.
Of course, your government and all governments, they'll be, you know, trying to fish tail out
of it. They'll give you all kinds of excuses. You know, they'll hide the reality and the
UFOs or extraterrestrial invasion or astral projection or God only knows what. But they
will try to put it under the rug. But I'm warning you.
It was Bob all along, dear friend.
They tricked you, didn't they? They'll trick you every time they creep up on you. The little
pinky-winky stew in the old kitchen.
So we're all going to watch out, aren't we? Yes.
This is your prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang. We're going to continue with, well,
some of, a little bit of what we have been playing and a little bit of new. What we have
been playing.
Have been.
Again, William Burroughs.
Oh, thank you. I'm so sorry.
And that's the old guy talking. And the KPFA subgenius show tapes, by puzzling evidence,
Dr. Howell, Gary Gaborg, Fran, Mr. Exotic, and in this case, lies. Lies!
Lies!
On the stage, when we all think that we start over fucking out this country, is when we

No, no.


No, no, no.
I'm safe, that's it.




Will屎 wan ?
How do you like your new life in life in шараш damals?
And two years?

sailing close to the shores of Tuscany heard a voice cry out from the hills, the trees, and the sky.
The great god Pan is dead.
Pan got a panic.
The sudden awareness that everything is alive and significant.
The date was December 25, 1 A.D.
But Pan lives on in the realm of imagination, in writing, painting, and music.
Look at Van Gogh's sunflowers writhing with pretentious life.
Listen to the pipes of Pan in Taduka.
Now Pan is neutralized, framed in museums, entombed in books, relegated to folklore.
But art is spilling out of its frames into subway graffiti.
Will it stop there?
Consider an apocalyptic statement.
Nothing is true, everything is permitted.
Hassan E. Saba, the old man of the mountain.
Not to be interpreted as an invitation to old manner of unrestrained and destructive behavior,
but to be a minor episode which would run its course.
Everything is permitted because nothing is true.
It is all make-believe, illusion, dream, art.
When art leaves the frame and the written word leaves the page.
Not merely the physical frame and page,
but the frames and pages.
The pages have assigned the categories.
A basic disruption of reality itself occurs.
The literal realization of art.
Success will write apocalypse across the sky.
The artist aims for a miracle.
The painter wills his pictures to move off the canvas with a separate life.
Move to the next.
A movement outside of the picture.
And one rent in the fabric is all it takes for pandemonium to sluice through.
Last act.
The end.
This is where we all came in.
The final apocalypse is when every man sees what he sees.
Feels what he feels.
Hears what he hears.
The creatures of all your dreams and nightmares are right here, right now.
Solid as they ever were or ever will be.
Electric vitality of careening subways.
Faster, faster, faster.
Stations flash by in a blur.
Pan, god of panic whips screaming crowds as millions of faces look up at the torn sky.
Off the track, off the track.
The planet is pulling loose from its moorings, careening into space.
Spilling cities and mountains and seas into the void.
Spinning faster and faster, days and nights flash by like subway stations.
Tunnels crunch down teeth of concrete and steel.
Flattening cars like beer cans.
Graffiti through glass and steel like acid races across the sky in tornadoes of flaming colors.
Cherry pickers with satin brushes pick us at door, inch through Wall Street, leaving a vast souvenir postcard of the Grand Canyon.
Water trucks slosh out paint.
Outlaw painters armed with paint pistols paint everything and everyone in reach.
Survival artists, paint cans strapped to their backs, grenades at their belts.
Paint anything and anybody within range.
Sky riders, paint cans strapped to their backs, grenades at their belts.

Dog fight collide and explode in pain.
Telephone poles dance electric jigs in swirling crackling wires.
Neon explosions and tornadoes splash through ruined cities.
Volcanoes spew molten colors as the earth's crust buckles and splinters into jigsaw pieces.
Household appliances revolt.
Washing machines snatch clothes from the guests.
Delivering hoovers suck off makeup and wigs and false teeth.
Electric toothbrushes leap into screaming mouths.
The clothes dryers turn gardens into dust bowls.
Garden tools whiz through long parties in the middle of the night.


Impaling the guests who are hacked to fertilizer by industrious Japanese hatchets.
Loads of misshapen bulbous plants spring from their bones.
Covering golf courses, swimming pools, country clubs, and tasteful dwellings.
At my back, faster and faster, I always hear,
Hurry up, energy ground down into, please it's time closing.
Sidewalks and streets by billions of feet and tires erupt from manholes and tunnels.
Break out with volcanic force.
Let it come down careening subways.
Faster and faster, stations blur by.
And whip screaming crowds with ferocious screams.
Flaming pikes.
Millions of faces look up at the torn sky.
Off the track, off the track.
Planet is pulling loose from its moorings.
Careening off into space.
Spilling cities and mountains and seas into the void.
Faster and faster.
Skyscrapers scrape rents.
Rents of blue and white paint from the sky.
The rivers swirl with color.
Nitrous ochres and reds leap through the bridges falling into the rivers.
Splashing colors across warehouses and piers and roads and buildings.
Amok art rugs in organic mold.
Stirring passions of metal and glass.
Steel girders rising in metal.
Loss dispersed from their concrete coverings.
Walls of glass melt and burn with madness and a billion crazed eyes.
Bridges buck cars and trucks into the rivers.
The sidewalks run ahead.
Faster and faster.
Energy ground down into sidewalks and streets by billions of feet and tires.
Erupts from manholes and tunnels and breaks out the volcanic force.
Let it come down.
Caught in New York beneath the animals of the village.
The piper pulled down at the sky.
The
We're escalating our programming here.
We are no longer going to just have the pseudo-exists talking to the exes.
We are no longer going to just have the pseudo-exists talking to the exes.
We are going to have the pseudo-exists talking to the exes.
We are going to have the pseudo-exists talking to the exes.
I've read my mind, right?
I've expected what I would.
The

The
The
The
The


The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
We don't know what they came for, but what they aim for is impossible.
Impossible.
Only those ideas which are accepted are those which are in the hands of the status quo,
which reaches the wider.
The audience, which makes people brain-dead,
and you either have to submit or you have to join the spectacle, you know.
The invasion of body standards, that kind of thing.
Yeah, and so we can agree that under that situation, it's a planet of the dead.
And the alternative is not to offer other ideas,
because they'll be quickly consumed and recycled and played out.
So the real alternative is a kind of New Yorker,
an environmental yoga, not a private spiritual or Eastern yoga.
The new yoga is to deal with the environments we've created and we all share.
You know what I mean, Mike?
And so that's why we have to deal with the conspiracy.
It goes back to that caller, that if I was able to take control,
and I do have control, but if I was able to present it in the pink world,
then I could bring in this real alternative.
And the way to have an alternative is to change the environments.
One of the ways would be to turn off the electric environment.
Can you imagine doing that?
Right.
Right.
That'd be one.
It's not an alternative idea, that's an alternative percept.
But the pinks are never going to let you do that.
So they will let you have all the celebratory retrievals and replays
and celebrations of ideas and cultures,
because they know the medium is the message, not the content.
The content has no importance.
The control environment is those of the emperor, this is his new clothes,
is that he's just going to keep it on.
He's not going to turn it on.
A lot of money to be made.
Yeah.
And he's not even making money.
He doesn't even want that.
Right.
So the emperor of Phoebus was aware that I had recognized it.
And it was laughing at me from within the anti-virgins' unhallowed womb.
I felt rage and fear inside of me and the voices of the archangels broadcast from their
secret staging base in the hallowed earth raged in my head.
By the time Satan's whore had finished her meal, I had decided on my course of action.
I followed her home.
She lived in one of those bland, pasteurized suburban mushroom colonies.
And I was just looking at the sky.
Choi objected.
Your letter you sent me.
Yes!
Sweet and blue, we Ru hurt.
No wonder the
weapon went down.
But I?
ITuTu, don't go.
The Eastern world
It is exploding
Violence flaring
Bullets loading
You're old enough to kill
But not for voting
You don't believe in war
But what's that gun you're toting
And even the Jordan River
Has bodies floating
But you tell me
Over and over and over again
My friend
How you don't believe
We're on the eve of destruction
Don't you understand
What I'm trying to say
And can't you feel the fears
That I'm feeling today
Hypothetically
The button is pushed
There's no running away
There'll be no one to save
With the world in a grave
Take a look around you boy
It's bound to scare you boy
And you tell me
Over and over and over again
My friend
How you don't believe
We're on the eve of destruction
Oh this is
This is

Our
Of
Slack
Number
9183
May 19th
21 989
A.D.
In the news
Increased controversy over the skeleton and dwelling place or office of a midhistoric man
Recently unearthed by scientists in the deserts of Texas in North Amerenid
On Earth Farm
One
Due to its special qualities
Experts are engaged in heated debate over its origins
Whether it is merely an advanced homo sapiens
A human that is
Or is it one of the earliest homo correctus
Also known as the subgenius
The last evolutionary step before our own species
Homo Excelsior
Does this fossil represent the missing link?
Between the lesser gravity bound bipedal primates
And the subgenius descended brain race
Which now conquers the stars?
And what of the claims by cultists and dissidents
That it is no less than the skull of one of the early apostles
Of the historical Dobbs man form
Which brought slack to Earth Farm One in the year zero B.D.
Or as they measured time
The late 20th century?
Could this be?
Most scientists concur that the skeleton could well be
That of a man who walked the earth at the same time and place
As the Dobbs itself
During his last physical incarnation
An unwitting pre-overman fighter
In the bitter struggle which raised homo excelsior
From his quagmire of mortality and physics bound
Three dimensional fixed leggedness
And into the energy based free thought process of life
To what form heights of our civilization
But is it necessarily?
Let's examine the fossil record
Evidence which while meager on the surface
Yet allows skilled experts
To reconstruct and describe in extraordinary detail
The life of this mysterious ancient tool using ape
Of course Earth Farm One in his time
Was a much different place than it is today.
Labyrinth of the Earth Farm One.
The planet was artificially gifted with surging plankton filled oceans
And land masses abundant with plants and animals
The home seed planet then bore little resemblance
To the blasted atmosphereless testing range
All too familiar to modern elementary school environmentologists
But what sort of creature dwelt in this crude office
Of 20,000 years ago?
Who was he?
What was his daily life?
Or even his life?
What was he like there on farm earth just before the great transmigration?
Fossil fragments of his implements seen here
Supplemented by the oral records of our friends the dolphins
Paint a picture of his primeval office
Constructed of simple wood and metal
Yet he possessed crude computers of a sort
Fashioned entirely from toxic plastics and metals
And a









Powered by artificial electricity
These early computers were
Sad, immobile, paralyzed boxes
Armless and legless
Mere heads
To be used as little more than flint hatchets
Their users probably did not even suspect that their computers possessed souls
Certainly they were never used for the sexual pastimes we enjoy today
Nevertheless their presence in this creature's hypothetical office
Distinguish him from the rest of the world
As a uniquely electronic animal
The first of his kind
Indeed he was far more overhuman than this apish reconstruction slide indicates
As seen in slide one which admittedly resembles the domesticated Eloi
We breed for soul energy
Even more so the primitive wild Eloi
Mocked by our children in zoos
Homo correctus possesses the familiar unnamed name
More grew laced with nerves and a host of thick and incisive muscles
He's a kind of eye ا
It is notacağ
Confirmed as the most often
UnAA
Weirdoform Freak
those hideous jointed appendages which are only vestigial in our race.
As seen here, the socket at which the femur connects to the pelvis was farther inward than in Australopithecus, for instance.
So he was capable of walking fully erect if he wore shoes,
but abrasion on the coccyx shows that most of the time was actually spent sitting,
perhaps because, like us, his great weight would otherwise have crushed even his massive bones.
The skeleton is, at first glance, typical of the humans of that time.
Note that the bones are much thicker than ours, suggesting that the musculature of this creature had broad anchors.
Physically, these creatures were incredibly powerful.
One of them could easily slay 20 of us in combat.
But were his head...
shielded from telepathic control by...
Blightanium?
Well, of course, to him, Blightanium was at best a dream.
Uh, you know, there hasn't been any, uh, real advances in your field.
Here, gang, all here.
What the heck do we care?
What the heck do we care?
But your tape recorder...
Yes.
Hey, that machine is alive!
Get this thing off of me!
Help!
Look, it's clawing right up his leg.

You talking to me?
Uh, yeah, we can see...
How do I, how do I kill that?
Uh, you can...
Here, we'll show you.
You can, uh, take this, uh, tape here...
You talking to me?
And you grind up a little bit of buffalo...
Yeah, I saw that little tape.
Uh, residue.
Yeah, I'm talking to you, little tape.
Get in the trash can.
You gotta talk it down.
Yeah, you're in the stupid cell.
You gotta be a man about it and talk it down.
You're in the cell we're not gonna use, alright?
Get back in the trash can.
Get back!
Get in!
Get in the trash can!
Get that razor blade, quick!
Get in the trash can!
Get that editing tape!
Get that editing tape!
So the razor blade slaps...
Razor blade beats tape any time.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
Get back in the trash can!
You stupid...
Get in the trash can!
Huh!
The Crocodile
The Crocodile
No animal is half so vile as Crocodile.
Croc Ewok the Crocodile.
On Saturdays he likes to crunch six juicy children for his lunch and he especially enjoys just three of each, three girls, three boys.
He smears the boys to make them hot with mustard from the mustard pot.
But mustard doesn't go with girls.
It tastes all wrong with plaits and curls.
With them what goes extremely well is butterscotch and caramel.
It's such a super marvellous treat when boys are hot and girls are sweet.
At least that's Croc's point of view.
He ought to know. He's had a few.
That's all for now. It's time for bed.
Lie down and rest your sleepy head.
Shh! Listen.
What is that I hear?
Galumphing softly up the stair.
Go lock the door and fetch my gun.
Go on, child. Hurry. Quickly run.
No, stop. Stand back. He's coming in.
Oh, look, that greasy, greenish skin.
The shining teeth. The greedy smile.
It's Crockeywock the crocodile.
Observe here the remarkably small cranium of Homo correctus.
Only 2,000 cubic centimeters compared to our 50,000.
And the characteristic backward sloping forehead.
The brain of this animal was capable only of language, tool making, and speech.
It had none of the 40 other capabilities.
And it had no characteristics of high thought, which we take for granted today.
Altogether, his brain had less cells than do those of our contemporary gorilla servants.
As certain radical upstart free gorilla gorillas never cease to remind us.
As every school child knows, our ancestors were able to genetically transfer the brain into the chest where it was better protected.
While moving the gonads into the cranium where they best functioned.
But that happened 5,000 years ago.
After the last war.
Compared to us then, Homo correctus was truly a monster.
Because of his savage, savage appearance, primitive peoples on the outer planet still use scary tales of these creatures to frighten their children into behaving.
But despite the quaint legends of monsters like Dob Squatch or Middle-sized Foot, the idea that some pocket of these biological throwbacks might exist are, if romantic, never true.
Nevertheless, pure myth.
Yes, to us, he would look like a mutated, disgusting, violent zoo animal.
But if we could imagine his thoughts, they would probably prove to be remarkably similar to, say, those of our own four year olds.
Pondering the mysteries of life, slack, and squirt.
H date, leaps on heat, and predict Observatory Season 3сыл сказ АрrowJJ
H
over here

that himself a human being can learn the dark cloud in all times and then go into battle.
other things, things we can't tell you about quite yet. So, please just write for free
information from Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214. I'll give that number
again. That's Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214. Last few things you heard were Turtles,
Eve of Destruction. The lead singer is a subgenius, believe it or not. Some more KPFA there. And,
of course, Raoul Dahl with a bedtime story. Stay tuned, dear friends, for a nicer show
without those hate corpses.
Aren't those hate corpses terrible?
They're terrible.
One song's good.
One song's good.
