Around Dard City and in the Territory on West,
there's just one way to handle the killers and the spoilers,
and that's with a U.S. Marshal and the smell of...
The Sogenius Power of Squash!
The Sogenius Power of Squash!
All the ranting last night was...
That was one of the best X-Day nights for recording,
for hour of slack, ever.
Thanks to Priestess Pisces!
Well, we had a lot of ranters.
A whole bunch of folks got up who'd never ranted before,
and none of them were so shameful
that they got mocked and bullied afterwards.
As far as you know.
There was a lot of variety.
There was crazy stuff, and there was heartfelt,
and there was some music.
Nobody beckons the bobbies like Pisces.
I'm so mean!
Why are you mean?
Well, I know why she's mean, and I'm mean too.
But I'm good.
And Pisces is good.
As opposed to somebody like, say, Princess Wee,
who's very nice, but actually bad.
Kind of bad.
So you have to have a balance there.
You know, a mean, good one, and a nice, bad one.
Well, aren't you afraid more of the nice person
who never blows his top when he does
than the roaring, shouting person
who's always irritable and loud?
I feel like I'm both of those all the time.
Jimmy Stewart in Winchester 73.
It was just Jimmy Stewart,
but finally he's had more than he could take,
and he turns into this horrible, roaring,
gritting teeth guy.
That's scarier than the bad guy
who constantly blusters and bellows.
I try to be a nice person,
although, believe me, it's strictly an act.
But you have to...
It's a sensible act.
But apparently, when I finally blow my top,
it's scary.
What with the glowing red eyes and stuff.
I've been known to...
I've been known to blow my top
and get unreasonably butthurt
over niggling little things
and throw a huge, embarrassing hissy fit.
And I'm so glad to know
that I'm not the only person who does that.
In fact, I can now say just about everybody I know,
I've seen them at one point or another
have a complete, enraged, pointless hissy fit
over nothing.
You just sometimes have to do that
to prove that even you are an asshole sometimes.
And that's okay.
Except when you're a big asshole.
Except when it's in your head.
All you are is an asshole.
To the other assholes.
I mean, to the other people.
But somewhere there's a subgenius
who is the greatest asshole of all.
Maybe that would be Bob.
No.
You know, why not?
Bob's a huge dick.
A huge dick.
What?
Yeah, he's not so much...
He's not a pussy, he's not an asshole.
He's a big dick, though.
He's a huge dick.
But his clemency...
There's only the three kinds.
Well, anyway, we ought to...
Friends, get ready for your Bob-tism.
There is a shower down there
so you can wash the radioactive slime
and muck off
and the venomous insects.
Let's wash off any protective sweat or film
before it soaks in.
You probably want to splash when getting out
because the pond is ringed with walnut.
And you might get out with a beard of walnut oil.
Well, we call it walnut oil.
Yes, the locals call it walnut oil.
It may be a euphemism, I suppose.
Well, at the Bob-tism, you do get Bob-chism.
So there's no telling what you're going to have to
rinse off with the sandblaster later on.
And with that exciting preview,
we now adjourn to the Bob-tism itself.
Yeah.
Walnut oil is a very potent natural browning.
It's a very potent brown stain.
Did everybody hear that?
It's a very potent brown stain, but it's natural.
Yeah, it's natural, so it's okay.
Poison ivy, that's organic, man.
It's cool.
Don't eat anything that's not organic.
But poison ivy, that stuff is organic.
Poison ivy, yeah.
Pull nettle.
Stay off the straw!
By the way, the venomous insects down there
are not poisonous.
They will continue, but if you eat them,
you'll be fine.
Isn't that an interesting scientific factoid?
Remember that colossal spider we found down there
three years ago?
Yeah, with the giant dick in its jaws.
It still roams the woods now?
There's something roaming the woods now,
that's for sure.
People keep hearing and seeing,
vaguely seeing these big shapes,
and there was that horrible death
of that expensive little anointing,
that giant shih tzu dog,
which by the way,
on Facebook I've put up photographs
of mystery tracks
that we're seeing around here.
So, yeah, let's,
we're going to drive down there
as far as we can.
Might as well take the recorder with me.
I just don't understand how it is
that I'm still alive.
Keith Richards must feel that way.
People dropping dead all around,
and he's like,
what the hell is going on?
God must be off work or something.
About it.
Well, what surprises me is people get surprised
when some old person gets sick,
or has something horrible,
or even a young person, you know,
keels over with an aneurysm.
Jesus Christ, man,
that shit happens all the time.
What's surprising is if it doesn't happen.
Yeah, right.
Well, I'll tell you the next day,
that's when, man,
I throw all caution to the wind.
Eat hot dogs, scrap,
I've had nothing but fatty,
what the hell?
What is?
Looks like an alter.
What the?
No, it's somebody's drink.
How?
The smell!
Murder mystery.
Holy crap, look at this nonsense.
Oh, shit.
Baby Bear, baby, you better stay back.
I don't know if you want to see this.
Yeah, I mean, it's so much better.
Oh, my God.
There's blood everywhere.
But no bones, no flesh.
Uh-huh.
Now, this has got to be a joke,
a prank.
This has got to be some kind of a stunt.
Look, something horrible happened here,
or, no, it's got to be a joke.
Look, it's a subgenius shirt and clothing
just laying here.
Look, he's even got registration tags.
You think this could be connected to the internet?
You think this could be connected to the text in the background?











No, I'm going to eat the one that has the missing dog.
Baby Bear.
What?
That ring.
You took the ring out of that pond.
No.
And look at what's happening in this campground.
Stop it.
First, that little, tiny, innocent dog, and now that, who was this?
Let's, maybe we have to, what number is on this?
Jesus Christ.
The socks are still in the shoes.
I wouldn't even touch that.
Those are nice shoes.
It's true.
Yeah, this is a crime scene.
Well, I wouldn't say crime scene, but that could be communicable.
You never know.
You might pick something up.
It might be some kind of strange virus that eats you out.
What was that number on this?
757.
That would be real early in the festival.
Nobody's seen Reverend Bastard since he got here.
Remember that asshole?
Oh, I remember that.
Everybody wishes he was dead.
Yeah, I remember that.
But this is a woman's.
I look more like a 12-year-old girl.
Who would do this to these toys?
A cute teddy bear with a heart on it.
It's had its head cut open and the stuffing pulled out of the front of the head.
There's this other little darling doll.
It's like it's been disemboweled if it had bowels.
It's just stuffing coming out, but it's all bloody.
God, smell that.
It's like it's been stuffed with a lot of stuff.
Wasn't Reverend Bastard with some poe-bucker girl?
Wisteria, they're not going to want word of this getting out.
Dead bodies.
Maybe we should hide it before the other people get here.
That frog says something.
This is all getting a little too real.
A little too real.
Those shoes look like they might still be good.
Oh, hold my recorder for a second.
Thank you.
I'm going to go get my fingerprints this week.
See if these guys mean something.
Whoever did this took the wallet.
Oh.
So an animal, no animal would take a wallet, would it?
There is a raccoon around here that steals Playboys.
But this is different.
Any change? No.
I don't want to get fingerprints all over it.
This could be, for all I know, this is one of those things where they're setting me up to take the fall.
Oh, there's no one named, but he's fingerprints on me.

I don't want to get fingerprints on that thing, but stangs.
Did he check-seated his wallet?
Rebel Gary Larry, can you explain this?
Empty clothes with no body, covered with blood everywhere.
Everywhere.
And no wallet.
And these mangled children's dolls.
It's like there was a dad subgenius, his shirt says slacker and has wimpy on it.
And his girlfriend.
But where's the child?
These glasses, what the hell would do that?
Ah, butt.
The belt is undone, but the pants are still...
Don't touch it.
Now you have fingerprints on it.
Yeah, you're right. I can't keep my fingers off of it.
Now, did his mom sew his name in his underwear?
Underwear.
Well, I guess you're going to keep touching it. You've already touched it enough.
Here, look. Here, we'll use a stick.
Use a stick. This is gross. I'm afraid I'm going to see in there.
Oh my God.
Well, the penis is gone.
He wasn't wearing underwear. He was going commanding.
Okay, so it was a hippie of some kind.
Because the penis is gone.
Well, everything's gone. The ball is gone too.
And the body, the whole body, the head, there's nothing.
But this is so weird, the way the socks are still in the shoes and pants.
How do you get a person out of that?
It's like the body was sucked out of the...
Eggplant thinks it was the dick-eating spiders that sucked him completely out of his clothing.
Well, there is that spider that...
Starting with the dick.
That's been gone now for a couple years.
That could be it.
That could be it.
But of course, this is old Sequa's lair, but old Sequa would have just swallowed the whole thing.
He wouldn't spit the clothes out like that.
I mean, I've seen shit like that in Godzilla movies, but I laughed at that.
This is funny, man.
This is nothing to laugh at at all.
There's something funny about that. Listen, I was telling you, we can't call the cops.
Everybody's got some kind of contraband in their pocket.
And plus, the last time we called, they never believed us, you know?
Oh yeah, aliens, right? Monsters.
More aliens, more aliens.
I know they're rape bears, but they're regular bears out here.
Yeah, but the bears wouldn't care about the clothes.
Bears wouldn't care about the clothes.
They wouldn't even walk.
I mean, but they would take the meat.
Well, not in clothes like that.
That is so gross.
That's dick-eating spider work, if you ask me.
If the word about this gets out, nobody's going to want to come to Axe Day again.
We're going to have to keep this quiet.
Do we know who it was?
I think it may be Reverend Bastard. Remember that asshole that everybody hated?
We didn't want him to come back?
Yeah, man.
Needless, he was the first person here.
But nobody's seen him since he got here.
Guy owes me a shit pile of beer.
But, Philo is supposed to be here.
You know who else is supposed to be here?
Dr. Lagoon.
Well, right. And neither one of them, we haven't seen them, but I know that Doc Holl is, or Philo is here.
I'm afraid to get in the water now.
That's alright. If something happens, it'll take Norm first.
Ab Norm has gone in there bravely.
Bravely.
Just don't go over that other side, because there's no bottom to that pit.
And then there's like small gameras. I can see them in here.
And some kind of lamp ray.
Well, you don't have to worry about the candira toads in the water.
Yeah.
But what have you...
I'm glad there aren't more people here to see this.
Did you get pictures?
Whatever it was, yes.
Get as many pictures.
He was about to take his pants off, probably to get into the water.
Right.
But didn't get to the point where of taking the button off.
And then whatever...
The pants are still done. The belt is undone.
So he was on his way in. And whatever it was, took it right then.
Well, it wasn't me that took his wallet, okay?
Y'all saw, there were people here when I got here. I didn't get the wallet.
Now, she was wearing a brand new shirt that didn't even take the tag off.
I know. Yeah, that's weird.
And maybe it was...
That's how I knew it was a Pobucker chick.
Well, I suppose it could be a trick.
It could be a trick, but...
But that's real blood. Just smell it.
It could be his blood.
It's sticky too. And the flies.
And they thought that maybe the doll was something edible because they tried that and they tried eating the small bear's brain.
But there is no...
There's no pants. There's no underwear. There's nothing.
For all we know, the creature saved the ground.
Well, it's a girl from the creepy subgenius.
Well, all I know is that the creepy whatever took her underpants. There's no underwear.
No, I didn't take that. You know, you guys were here when I got here. You didn't see me take that underwear.
I didn't see you take any underwear.
Or the wallet. I didn't take any of that stuff.
But this creature being whatever you want to call it seems to have chewed that harmless stuffed animal to me.
I'm glad we don't have more witnesses down here because this is...
If this gets out, that's it for X Day.
Oh.
That's it. And they'll probably close down Wisteria.
What am I not seeing?
I can't believe we're just going to do this silly subgenius ritual when there's been obviously some kind of a brutal and unexplained very mysterious killing.
Uh-oh.
No one's going to talk about this, right? Who are you? New guy? Who's this new guy?
Maybe we should just act normal, you know?
Pretend it didn't happen. Nobody's going to miss it. I'm pretty sure that was Reverend Bastard. Nobody's going to miss him.
How can you pretend? No. Well, no, not because nobody's there.
Yeah, wasn't that guy bothering you? I think that's who that was.
Oh.
He had a wristband on. Empty clothes with nothing in them.
You're not going to be a suspect in it because he was bothering you.
Uh-oh.
Right, but almost everybody here wanted to kill the guy.
Right, and see, so we're all under suspicion.
Right. That's why I say we're all under suspicion.
We just keep a lid on this thing. I'm going to throw that stuff into a bag and burn it and pretend it never happened.
But meanwhile, we've got a lot of suspects now.
I told you.
Ripe bears, legume, phyllo.
I suspect phyllo more than legume.
Old sea quoll.
Legume is kind of a...
He's too smart for that.
Yeah, well, he would hide in there.
This is like some crazy person just suddenly got a wild hare and did it.
Well, legume would take the bodies out to the pit and bury them somewhere where no one could find them.
Right. Yeah, he wouldn't be sloppy about it.
No. No. Whereas phyllo is immune to persecution, so he'd just do anything.
Like Bob.
Yeah.
Ooh, now I hate the...
Bob's fingerprints would actually change.
No, let's not go there. Let's not even go there.
His fingerprints would never be undone.
That would be unthinkable.
Yeah.
Well, look, I guess I have to...
We might as well go through this rigamarole, this facade.
Yeah.
God, how can I...
I just...
Ugh.
Turn this off for a second.
The Best TV Western.
Hey, hey, hey. This honorable court is now in session.
Obviously.
Bobby?
Yeah?
And the night of August did was now a support feed in length.
Fandango.
Sir.
Sir.
Have you heard about this homicide?
Yeah.
Have you held any conversations upon the subject?
Yeah.
Have you formed an opinion about it?
Yes, sir.
I have.
You'd better have a good explanation for all of this.
Now get out.

But they would keep her under pants.
And look, it's almost like he was reaching for this life preserver.
Oh, life preserver, maybe it'll save me from this whatever it is.
Did you hear this?
Double Dippin'!
When Potter and Petal were making out in their car the night before last, something attacked
their car lustfully and raped the car while they were having sex in it.
Are there any sports car fucking dragons around here looking for bigger joy games?
I have to cleanse these people of their sins and I feel dirtied by this crime committed
on the X Day Festival.
Did you see that thing over there?
See how the subgeniuses are on so many drugs.
There could be dead bodies all over the place and they just kind of go, oh, whoa, far out.
Let's just go on up and get ourselves bomb-tized, shall we?
Yeah.
So that that doesn't happen.
Yeah.
I don't know what I'm looking at.
Despite the terrible crime that seems to be marring this occasion, we are proceeding with
our priceless religious ceremony.
It's hard for me to have the stomach for this.
I know.
Well...
After eating all that scrapple.
Just get on in there, Stang.
The little ones are shriveled down to nothing.
The big ones are shriveled down to normal now.
Ah, the little ones.
Okay.
All right.
Suzy, you're ready to go.
I can tell.
I'm good.
I'm fucking free now.
I'm going to go.

Who will volunteer to be the first?
I will.
I'm not going to go.
Here.
I'm bomb-tized for three years.
This will be my first baptism ever.
Wow, all right.
So I will go first.
Well, for one thing, we say Bob-tism.
Bob-tism.
Just so you know.
Bob-tism.
Bob-tism.
Bob-tism.
Bob-tism.
Sorry, it's my Cleveland accent.
No, it's charming.
Do you reject the conspiracy and all that it represents and accept Bob into your life?
I do.
Say praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And down you go.
I forgot to mention the brain-eating amoebas.
You should hold your breath.
I do.


Hold your nose close.
If you swallow them, the stomach acids will kill them, but if they get in your nose, it's
like a candiru code.
Because I'm not a very good swimmer.
Okay.
Now, talk about it.
This guy is practically a full-blood yeti.
Look at that pelt.
Like me.
Smell that pelt.
My God, look at the fleas jumping off of that thing.
Reverend Richard Scull, do you reject the conspiracy and accept Bob into your heart?
Say I do.
Fuck Bob.
Or whatever.
It's a Prince's independence.
That's good.

Okay, who's next?
Reverend Lucy.
Yes.
The cruelest of all the Peanuts cartoon characters.
I tried.
Do you accept Bob and reject the conspiracy?
What's plan B?
Uh-oh.
I was hoping they wouldn't ask that.
Well, you'll have to ask that empty suit of clothes over there.
That's what happens to those of us.
I think we'll go with plan A.
Me too.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Here she is.
That's our media.
That's our media.
That's our media.
We have huge goosebumps.
Miss Bob Pizzo.
Do you have a dime for two nipples?
This is when pulse for the laying on of hands.
Two dimes.
Susie the Floozy, do you...
Let's see.
I can go on and on with this one.
Do you, in your right mind and full cognizance, accept Bob, that is J.R. Bob Dobbs, the living
avatar of Slack, saint of sales...
How did it all begin, Scott?
...into your life, which should...
No.
...hopefully last for not much longer than a couple more days until you're on the saucers.
And do you reject the conspiracy, including, but not limited to, the IRS, the FBI, the
CIA, the NSA, the USA, the USSR, the rest of the world, and all pinks?
And the LSMFT?
Yeah.
Lucky Strike means fine tobacco.
Okay?
Heave ho!
Well, let me accept.
I haven't been able to say whether or not I want to say it.



Okay, have at it.
Maybe you better start over.
Take your time.
Okay.
What was the question?
Do you reject the conspiracy and all its works?
I'm crazy!
I'm not stupid!
I'm not recording yet.
Oh, well, but it's live at any rate.
In fact, it's more live than ever.
If you're not recording, then it's as live as it can be.
That's right.
It's only live.
Transient.
So, no records exist of this...
But I am recording now.









This so-called broadcast, ladies and gentlemen, this is indeed exclusive.
And if you'll keep tuning in, so to speak, that's an acceptable metaphor, and there are
others who will be tuning in later, these future people who I'm addressing now, we are
going to have much that may entertain you, particularly a blow-by-blow coverage of the
Bull Dada auction.
When co-auctioneer gets here, then...
Oh, yeah.
Then the fur and feathers will fly by Yemeni.
At least this is our guarantee.
Because, friends, another hour of slack has begun.
Here live from the stage of Caffeine's on Wisteria Campground in beautiful southern
Ohio...
In Wisteria.
...where the weather has mysteriously stayed beautiful.
Wisteria.
And we are recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Yes.
Everything has been made easy for us.
Facilitated.
Thanks to Wisteria and all who work here at Caffeine's, who appreciate your tips, by the
way.
And we're clean, friends.
We are clean.
Clean in...
Clean.
...washed in the Pia Bob, you might say, because we're fresh from the baptism.
As sparsely attended as I expected.
It was almost nothing but beautiful young women and a few timid men watching from the
sidelines as Dr. Howell and I dunked them one after another.
Yes, we roundly baptized the entire lot of them and what beautiful glistening sights
they were.
But the trouble is this moderate weather, which is nice for everyone else, is not so
nice if you're getting into the icy pond.
We could have used a little blast of furnace-like heat at that point.
Nonetheless, the women were game and well, anyway...
And we don't need to talk about everything that happened down there.
All right.
I'm sure that some of that is going to be coming out and there's probably rumors about...
It must be added to the legend of the Church of the...
...silly tales about some dead guy or something.
Well, I can tell you this, honest to God, there's no body.
If you hear rumors about a body found...
There was no body because there was no murder.
It may have just been an accident.
If it's an animal involved, then that's all...
Anyway, that's...
That business of being...
It's not like there's a cover-up or anything going on.
...exploded out of your body, your socks still in your shoes, but all your fluids and
flesh blasted out from the inside.
What does that feel like?
On the other hand, it couldn't have happened to a more deserving...
Well, yeah, it happened to somebody...
Oh, oh, man.
...in the world.

There was also, though, like...
Wisteria is a safe place.
...a child's teddy bear that was all gnawed or something like that.
What was it?
It was bloody and...
They cut the forehead open and pulled the stuffing out through the forehead...
...of the teddy bear.
...and the blood of the...
Well, the smell.
Oh, Jesus.
The smell of death.
Anyway, it's...
But it didn't stop us...
Not many people were down there.
...having our...
Not many people saw it, and that's fine.
...flashadelic fun.
And we recorded it, too.
We recorded everything.
Everything was going fine.
There was an interesting distraction, too.
There was something in the water that makes fine hairs grow on women.
I didn't see it on any men.
In fact, it was...
I checked my legs.
I couldn't...
Wouldn't be able to tell on you, Dr. Howell.
The water is unbelievably nutritious, thank you, and nourishes the cells, including the
follicles, causing rapid hirsutism.
Uncontrolled hair growth.
It's cool, man.
It's a trend.
It's a fad.
It's like, you know, tattoos.
And that should put all those foolish werewolf stories to rest.
Simply natural actions happening as they do in their turn, according to nature's wise
book of saws and aphorisms.
So, we repeat, Wisteria is a safe campground.
Everything is...
Any stories you've heard about...
...perfectly safe...
...monsters, raping cars full of people...

...or with two people...
...the little murder...
Admittedly, there was an accident involving a little puppy.
A dog that was not a puppy, but was aged and would have died anyway.
Well, it sounds better if it's...
We go on and on about this dog.
I'm very sorry that it happened, of course, but let's not get hung up here.
We've got a show to do and...
By the way, the footprints of the...
I mean, the photos of the mysterious tracks are on Facebook on 17X.
Oh, Tadon.
17X.
Facebook already.
Page.
Yes.
As it happens.
I saw a shameful and sad thing when I was looking at Facebook.
What was that?
Breakdown.
Reverend Pease, who's not here, has already started an 18X day page, and yet, at 7 o'clock
in this very morning, just a little more than 12 hours from now, the world is going to end.
Why is there an 18X day page?
That's crazy stuff.
Kid stuff.
An impudently heretical posting.
I think it was just a joke.
He was trying to kid us.
What if it doesn't happen?
He might be schismatic.
He might think that it is next year, and so he puts that up in the...
I was actually surprised.
I was thinking, wait a minute.
When is 7 AM?
When do we have to get up early?
Yes, what a horrible...
It's tomorrow.
Yes, it's true.
This is July 4th.
It's funny how time sort of compresses and expands and shrinks and grows out here.
Well, out here, subgenius July 4th, you don't hear any pinks setting off firecrackers.
No, you don't hear anything like that, because it might as well be July anything, since X
Day overshadows it the way it does.
You don't hear fireworks, but you do hear things in the woods.
Crashes.
Huge bodies breaking down the forest.
I understood that Reverend Anacron and Luna heard such horrible sounds that they packed
up and left.
It's true.
They left.
Although later it was revealed that the horrible sounds came from the possibly drunken
Reverend Synphaltimus sex mortis.
He tends to wind up in the...
Who can't look and sound like a large grunting animal?
Yeah, they left.
They really did leave because of too much noise in the quiet.
And they were parked in the quiet area.
Unfortunately, so was Synphaltimus.
Yes, in the no longer quiet area where the echoes roll to this moment.
Yes.
Well, they're nice people.
And to hear the ranting of that New York City-raised crazy man, why, it'd be terrifying
to nice country folks like me.
Well, fortunately, I had earplugs in and I didn't catch a bit of it.
Well, plus we were way up the hill inside of a fallout shelter.
But from what I understand, this volcanic eruption could be heard for quite some time.
You should hear what he talks.
Yeah.
Yeah, the farting is bad enough.
Anyway...
A pyroclastic flow.
Yes, the world...
You know, it sounds so prosaic to sit here and go, oh, hum, the world ends tomorrow.
But we have said that a few times before.
It's hard to build up the excitement sometimes.
One simply needs to wait and find out what will happen.
Much less drag oneself out of bed at six in the morning.
Come out and give it a try.
That's all anyone can do.
You know that you'll be ruptured out of your bed too, but surely it's more fun to stand
there and greet the space brothers in person with the dew on your brow and the rust on
your mail.
Don't feel like you have to sit to take a shower or something when you get up.
You won't have the same body.
You can always do that after you go back, go to sleep and get up again later.
Your clothes will...
At this important subgenius event.
Right.
Your clothes are going to be left behind anyway.
Just a pile of clothes, hopefully not covered with blood like those ones we found at the...
You go out, you pass the great Ciqua turtle mound and you're there.
That's the landing field.
That broad open area where the great silver saucer can put down just one landing leg,
which is fortunately hollow and equipped with an express escalator.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Well, you get, you see people gliding up.
You don't know how.
Maybe it isn't.
Maybe they glide up on some alien ray.
It's not close enough.
You can't see it.
I've read that we were lifted bodily up, butt first.
There you go.
With our arms and feet hanging down.
But first, more messages from our same sponsor, Caffeinas, where they make food for you,
take care of you.
If you were infants, they would be rocking you to sleep and they've produced a huge smorgasbord
of toothy, tasty, sugary cookies and...
And breads over there, which are easily available from a small premium.
Just saying.
And now back to our program, still in progress.
Did we just stop talking about the end of the damn world to do a little promo for Caffeinas?
Well, the strange thing is, Ivan, the human beings are an incredibly adaptable species
and no matter what's going on, one tends to think of sugary treats, cakes with crunchy
crusts and pastries.
You know, why just get a cup of coffee?
Get one of those pastries with it.
Just like in the old country...
You're talking about pastries and coffee and the damn world is about to end.
Are you trying to distract me from something?
I'm talking about saucers, particularly the saucer in Amsterdam where they put a tiny
pastry on it when you have a cup of coffee.
They automatically give you a delightful little pastry and you don't need one as large as
a sofa cushion.
Just a bite gives you the idea.
Enough of this pastry talk.
You're going to have to...
You know as well as I do that the men from Planet X do not fly around in flying saucers
from 1953.
They're not even physical.
There have been great modifications in designs since then.
And that's why we have to do it outdoors.
Gone are the flowing Dynaflow chassis, the rocket fins and other extravagances.
Is he talking about pastries or rockets or something?
Well, you can have pastries with these features.
In the future, we assure you that we're taking you to everyone's home.
Everyone gets whatever everyone wants, including exotic cookies and cakes.
They're magically delicious.
They probably are.
Let's just talk an Irish accent for an hour.
Pretend Philo's here.
Friends, this is a serious subject matter.
I don't know why my colleague Dr. Howell is trying to change the subject.
But to the exes, we will be the leprechauns.
They are infinitely greater beings than us.
And our most intellectual discussion to them will be in the future.
I think that's the way it is, Dr. Howell.
I'm afraid that's the way it is to most people, Dr. Howell.
You see, people tend to think that when aliens come, if they're not the bad kind, whatever they are, they'll be cuddly somehow.
Or weird and gawky, but at least somebody you can shove in the closet with your toys.
I'll be right here.
But in fact, you will be the junior to their senior, since they are in advance of us in the future.


And if you manage to get here, you will be not so much as an infant to them as a puppy or something like that.
So you've got to mind your B's and Q's.
Apparently, Mr. Sister has some sort of an interruption here.
Let's hear it.
I just wanted to tell you that as part of the socialist regulations for ADA, they still apply on the pleasure ship, but in reverse.
So for those of us with diabetes, we're going to be force-fed honey.
Honey?
And syrup.
And there will be a whole pastry room on the ship.
Yes.
It consists of pies, particularly pecan pies.
Homemade, of course.
Homemade pies.
Is this a church of pastries and pies all of a sudden?
I mean, there's serious murders and problems we have to deal with here.
Come on, Dan. I'm trying to distract from that stuff here.
We're talking about pie in the sky tomorrow at 7.
Pie in the sky, yes.
How do you do that?
Heavenly pies.
Exactly.
Okay, if that's all you got.
You know, if there's some murdering behind on this planet.
I will talk about it.
If there's some monster sucking people's fluids out, what good is it to go on and on about it?
You know, you can't do anything about it.
There's no monster sucking fluids out, and if there is, it's probably just Dr. Legume or phyllo.
And then the pies don't have anything to do with it.
No.
It's starting to sound like a Terry Pratchett novel.
A pie, damn it, is like just one scintilla, one fragment, one minim of pie.
It's the vast reward that is coming.
We've got this great ripped off Philip Glass music in the background that's suitable for
talking about the soul and the spirit and sex goddesses and porno, and you're talking
about pies.
By the way, Reverend Ankara is sponsoring a chili feast tonight.
Oh, we can talk about chili but not pies.
We're more democratic, proletarian.
Sure, I understand.
I like chili.

I like chili and I don't like pie that much.
How long has it been since you have kept yourself to a warm steaming bowl of Woof brand chili?
All I know is I get the Grand Canyon and you don't.
You can have Gunderson Canyon or Black Canyon or whatever it is.
It takes a lot of chili to fill that one up just on the QT.
But that's quite all right.
You take this geological wonder for your own.
People take...
They take the X day for granted.
Granted.
And they don't really think ahead.
They don't...
You know, y'all are going to be fighting over the Eiffel Tower.
Then they'll see.
And other trinkets from Earth that you'll want to take with you.
Alluvial limestone and red sandstone.
The interesting thing is you can also...
Triassic age.
Once you're on your saucer, you can rupture up not only these great wonders of the Earth
that mankind has built.
And things like the Grand Canyon.
But you can...
You could also take captive the pink human caretakers.
Even though you could have robots sweeping it up and fixing...
So you force the rangers to recapitulate their spiel in space.
What?
You force the park rangers to come along with you and give you the Grand Canyon guide with the...
Right.
I've always wanted to do that on a donkey.
But not an Earth donkey.
I want an Exus donkey.
They won't chafe my...
You can get a Robas.
Which not only will carry you but also converse with you on any subject that you desire.
Well, yeah, sure.
But I'd rather use a...
How about a talking donkey robot?
It is.
That's what it is.
It's a Robas.
You know, the point is you have to think about...
Whatever you're fantasizing about at 7 o'clock tomorrow morning, that's going to come true.
So if you're thinking, oh, now I've got to go back to work tomorrow, that's where you're going to end up.
That'll be perfectly recreated.
Perfect simulation of your tedious job in your crappy apartment.
Whereas if you're thinking big, think like Elvis.
You could have a big house full of glitzy gold-plated stuff.
Actually, they say the stuff in Elvis's house wasn't worth a dollar.
I know, I know.
But that's what you're...
I'm thinking about subgenius imaginations and tastes.
Oh, to a subgenius, yes.
Yes, of course.
It would be a glowing fantasy world.
A sea of rare comic books.
You don't think Elvis was into the comics as a reader?
No.
Elvis is already dead, or actually, according to doctrine, Bob helped Elvis get out of a bad situation by faking his death.
But then he had trouble with a mummy when he got into the restaurant.
Well, that was supposed to be secret.
Because that other guy really was President Kennedy.
It's a complex tale.
It is.
It's damn complicated.
The conspiracy doesn't make it any simpler.
Has anyone had premonitory dreams of the saucer landing tomorrow morning?
Mr. Sister did, and he described them on tape earlier, but they were...
Censored.
Distressing.
They weren't inspiring.
Oh.
It was a giant...a crashing...a saucer crash in a place like the pond, and giant robots with X's on their chests coming out and knocking humans right and left.
Just like in that movie, The Mysterians, where the huge robot bursts out...
Right, that was really about the Wisterians.
The Wisterians.
But it was...there's been this cover-up going on.
Right, that was the conspiracy version of this incident.
Not that we're covering anything up.
Well, you know, if there's a saucer crash there, that would be unfortunate.
Because it would mean that these people we conceive of as super beings and are turning everything over to, lock, stock, and barrel, because the deed's already done and Dobbs did it, are actually clumsy, maladroit idiots just like people on Earth.
I mean, I'm just shooting that out there.
Oh, speaking of clumsy, maladroit idiots, I was looking to see if Reverend Janice Blackseed was around, and here he is.
He is here.
Because you're gonna...we're gonna start the auction at 5.
And it'll end it at 5.05.
And you're the other auctioneer.
We've hardly got anything.
But what we do, we're gonna auction the bejesus out of.
We're gonna auction the hell out of it.
Yes, that's right. We're going to. Because that is the Bulldada auction. It wouldn't be X-Day without a Bill, a Bull. Bulldada auction. So that...
Bulldada, the latest exploration into advanced surrealistic Dadaism in which the mind is filled with dirt and lux with trickle-like belated centipedes down the sides of the ice sockets to find shelter and rest inside the now-imperialized world.
I think I misquoted that slightly.
Well, at any rate, it's entirely salutary, fun for the whole family.
Thanks to Shredney Chisholm.
Yeah, it's a good point.
Shredney Chisholm coined that phrase, Bulldada.
Charges the corpuscles.
Yes.
It does. It wakes you up and alerts you to the many numinous possibilities offered by life itself.
What are we talking about? Frop? Bulldada?
Bulldada.
Bulldada.
One of those things.
And when you frop, it helps with the Bulldada.
I could turn anything into Bulldada.
For a while. For a little while, that's the problem. You know, the cheap frop wears off. The real thing never does.
Damn it!
Well, there might not even be time for it to wear off, as you say, in the current scheme of things, because we will have a new heaven and a new earth and a new nervous system zipped into our frames.
And hopefully...
I'd like to keep the same old hell, though. It was cool.
I thought that became the Christian heaven or something.
Well, we would keep it as kind of a theme park. Don't you think that would be, you know, the Dante's Hell?
Inferno. Did you see the Dante's Inferno movie? The giant hell theme park collapses and crushes a bunch of people.
Right.
Huge devil statues fall on screaming mobs. And this is just one of the set pieces in the movie.
Thou shalt not mock God.
Then it was badly built. You see, Spencer Tracy didn't spend enough money on the shoddy construction, so it's all his fault.
Then he goes to visit Old Pop in the hospital, the guy whose rinky dinky Dante's Inferno hell attraction he took over, Tracy, years ago and built it up into this huge monstrous thing.
And Old Pop tells him about hell. And then it goes into the hell scene that lasts about ten minutes of souls getting tortured.
And naked women running around getting lashed and so forth.
And lots of scenes right out of Dante's Inferno. The Wood of the Suicides, the tombs of the Heresiarchs. They're all there.
The rain of fire and people forced to hold hot rods and be upside down in blazing tombs.
Arms reaching up out of the ground.
Yeah. And out of the river Styx where you have to take that long boat ride.
And then that scene ends with newspaper boys in the street calling out for the indictment and prosecution.

Of our hero. And I'm sorry to keep talking about this movie, but I'll just say that then it goes into a third giant spectacular climax.
First you have the hell amusement park collapses and crushes a bunch of people.
Secondly, you have hell itself.
Third, the guy takes all the money that he got from the hell amusement park and sinks it into a giant floating casino ship with all the latest luxuries.
But unfortunately he cuts corners again and hires a bunch of criminal thugs who sabotage the movie.
And the whole ship is sinking like the Titanic with his only little son, the apple of his eye, Sonny, aboard.
Sonny, Sonny's gonna go down.
I tell you they don't make movies like that.
It has three climaxes. Enough for three movies.
Well, doesn't the latest Spider-Man movie have at least three climaxes?
They go on and on and on. It's like, come on, can I go now?
I believe it was Louis B. Meyer who said, start with an explosion and build to a climax.
Well, as long as you have a guy flying through the air in front of a fireball, you know you got your money's worth.
They used to run in front of a slowly growing fireball, but now they fly in front of the fireball.
Now, in the subgenius movie, I wanted to have Bob flying in front of a fireball coming out of the pipe of an even huger Bob,
who is himself flying through the air in front of the fireball that's coming from the pipe of an even huger Bob.

And so on and so forth, you know.
See, we don't need Philo here.
It would be a great special effect, but you'd only have to do the animation once and then you just repeat it, you know?
Right.
So you'd only have to, you'd save money. I learned that trick from Ray Harryhausen.
Worlds within worlds. He used six.
I'm sorry to disabuse that old legend that he had a quintipuss. It was actually a sextipuss.
Six is good. Five, that would kind of give the game away.
Well, the point is you can make a doctor.
Dante's Inferno come to life on your escape saucer.
Not only that, the Paradiso.
You can bring heaven on your saucer.
Just make sure it's not the Mohammedan heaven.
Not that I'm criticizing it, but there was some talk today about the fact that the translation is very iffy.
Instead of getting 72 virgins, what you probably actually get, according to a more accurate translation of the text, is 72 raisins.
That's a big difference.
And the followers of Islam...
What? I killed myself for these 72 stinking raisins?
After they blow up, they get there and they're given their 72 raisins.
Now they're eternally renewable raisins.
So even if you throw the raisins on the floor in despair, they're still there in eternity.
It all comes out of the desert culture.
Raisins were quite a valuable commodity.
It's a waste of moisture and nutrition on long camel besotted voyages.
Where'd they get the damn circumcision idea?
Too much time on their own in the desert.
That probably could answer a whole lot of otherwise difficult questions.
Now we know what all our guys look like.
Hidden in the mist.
In the depths of time.
You know, we've tried to have mock battles.
Like the big battle of Armageddon, if that's day.
Where the subgeniuses would divide up into holocaustals and evangelicals, or whatev.
Well, don't let me hold you back.
Well, but the problem...the reason that those just always fell apart was you couldn't tell who was on what team.
Every soldier was dressed completely differently.
Fractured tibias and dislocated shoulders and unsightly bruises.
You have...
You had the embarrassing spectacle of people in these outrageous suits walking up to each other and politely going,
Are you like a holocaustal or an evangelical?
I'm holocaustal.
Well, how about you?
And then the nerve battle starts.
And out comes the boffin sword.
Yes, Sir Scatterwack Buffet's...Sir Wackenpoof.
Well, what's the big Hollywood movie that came out this week to distract people from X-Day?
Because every year...
On July 4th, there's the opening of a movie.
It was...and it's always the end of the world and the humans always win.
It was Independence Day in 96, Armageddon in 97, Deep Impact in 98.
And I've lost track of them since then.
But there's always an end of the world movie every summer.
With zombies or something?
It's always got Morgan Freeman in it.
Morgan Freeman.
Which?
Oh, Transformers!
That's the one?
It's out now.
Extinction.
Uh-oh.
The sword that meets the eye.
Boy, is that telling, huh?
Extinction, you see?
They're trying to get the news out in their own conspiracy, be slimed way.
Actually, I shouldn't say this, but I love those Transformers movies.
So does K-Rob.
With the sound off.
If you turn the sound off and put on some other music...
K-Rob watches them too.
Psychedelically.
So the music is bad, huh?
And you put on pounding disco music...
Well, the dialogue is bad.
Oh, the dialogue.
The dialogue is bad.
And if you're a Transformers purist, those things are...
It's despicable.
That Bryan Singer guy took the original Transformers purity and just mucked it all up as if he was God.
With the effects, you mean?
No, the whole story.
And you know what?
He's doing it to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles now.
In the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, this is what pinkness does.
They're not teenage.
They're not mutant.
They're not ninjas.
Is that really real?
And they're not turtles.
How's that?
Johnny Knoxville plays Leonardo.
Too bad that Kevin Eastman let loose of the most profitable thing he ever owned or ever
will own, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which he created as a marijuana-smoking comic
book artist.
Well, to get back to what's important, where's the nearest theater and when's that Transformers
movie showing?
It's not 7 a.m. until...
No, you can't sneak off to look at the movies of giant robots.
Just wait a few hours and according to Ms. Darcystar, there'll be giant robots physically
present.
Oh, that was just a dream.
One thing to see them in the movies.
But then the aliens always make you think it was just a dream, don't they?
If they have the ability to alter your memories, of course they do.
Like when they come and they make offers to the U.S. president.
If he won't go along with them, they erase his memory.
Well, that also explains a lot.
Believe me, that is not a job that many people would really want.
If you've ever noticed pictures of presidents, the older they are, the aging seems to occur
across the board.
And even in office, Obama's gotten white-haired, Clinton visibly aged.
It happens to them all.
George Bush went from preppy to avuncular.
The old presidents were long-haired, though.
Well, they were.
And I got to use that.
I went to a family reunion with some aged stangs from the deep south.
From the 18th century?
There were young stangs, too.
There was a young long-haired feller and his blue-haired girlfriend.
They had tattoos and everything.
And he had a big beard and really long hair.
And this old lady relative of mine was saying,
Now, Ivan, now see, would you hire a boy that looked like that?
And I went.
Hey.
And she goes, Yeah, but we can see your face, Ivan.
Would you hire a boy like that?
So I pulled out a nickel and said, Would you hire a man that looked like that?
Thomas Jefferson.
With a ponytail.
Actually, I didn't.
I thought of it later.
I didn't actually.
But now I have, see?
Now you can do it.
Next time somebody complains about your nephew with his long hair, you say, Would you hire
George Washington with hair like that?
Jefferson died on the street.
And you have to say it in a southern accent like I just did.
This is the anniversary of Thomas Jefferson's death.
Is it?
Yes, I believe so.
What, right now?
Yes, I think it is.
Fourth of July?
Don't you know that story?
They let Thomas Jefferson die on the Fourth of July?
He waited until it was the Fourth of July to die.
He wanted to die on the Fourth of July.
Oh, really?
And then somebody else, one of his founding father peeps, but I don't remember who, also
died on that day and was saying,
At least Jefferson still lives.
No, he didn't.
Sorry.
He also cashed in.
Good thing they didn't have the internet or somebody would have instant messaged him
and said, I'm sorry.
Now the internet is destroying Jefferson today.
It's probably pretty much destroying life as we know it.
It makes everyone stupider and less well informed.
It has helped the Church of the Subgenius, man.
We were about to go under when the internet broke.
Right.
Yeah, right.
Really.
We'll defeat the conspiracy if we have to hair lip every man, woman, and child on Bear
Creek.
Clean up America.
Get a hair lip.
But this year we paid our dues, friends.
We suffered the last three years so that you could have good weather at Wisteria this time.
It's karma, see?
It all balances, adds up.
We had to do a lot of stuff that we did not like in order to achieve this weather for
you.
I guess we had to make some bargains, which perhaps in the long run were better than we
ever would have hoped.
This year we decided to戲en with the города er's

Try, count all day and atmosphere has gonna be different like when you're in a Síle


Every though I've seen the beautiful women.





She said you were a pe sufficient, old woman, one who Nederlandh
Dou tn3
The microwaved cat.
The empty suit of bloody clothes.
And all the other things people talk about.
The three-toed tracks.
Yeah, the weird tracks.
And also...
We need a Geiger counter is what we need.
Are we getting one?
I bet we could.
Have one brought in from Spudville.
Oh, that's right.
Pisces and Suds carry one wherever they go.
So we don't need it now, I don't think.
Do you guys have a Geiger counter, I understand?
Most subgeniuses do.
Yes, you're saying yes, you do.
You're nodding yes.
Well, very good.
We'll be able to test for radiation exposure and radiation leakage also,
which is quite important,
without having to resort to making our own dosimeters.
But, yeah, that might...
Maybe we can track the...
Whatever it is.
Not that there's anything out there.
With some tinfoil and a milk carton,
you can test the sensitivity to radiation.
The Church and subgenius have said...
You did sign the liability forms.
Of course, radiation will go around corners,
even though it travels in straight lines.
A paradox.
Radiation can go around corners?
That's right.
Radiation, of course, can be airborne as radioactive foil.
Oh, right, of course.
Well, it can go around corners while broadcasting through the corners,
through whatever the corner is made of, unless it's lead.
I say radiation very generally,
but cosmic radiation is pelting and sleeting through you right now,
and everyone else here is being interpenetrated.
Ah, we have our Geiger counter now.
She had one handy.
I would have had to go all the way to my truck to get mine.
Is it charged up?
Oh, it needs batteries.
Right.
Of course, I have my Geiger counter batteries ready to go.
Yeah, there's a huge hole in there.
Obviously, you have to put something in.
A Geiger-Muller counter, painted a jaunty yellow,
and an oscilloscope-like screen.
Yeah, um, yeah.
It's a real Geiger counter, folks.
As if you didn't already know.
As if you didn't keep one just for...
Oh, well, all right.
We'll fire that baby up.
The Geiger counter will help us investigate
and put these silly monsters...
...monster stories to bed once and for all.
Monster, ha!
Well, I wouldn't be so sure, Hal.
You know, there's some things science hasn't fully explained.
I know that.
I know that.
There are mysteries in space that perhaps mankind has not yet stumbled upon.
Yeah, but...
Maybe things that perhaps we shouldn't tamper with.
Forces, you know.
Well, uh...
Things.
You know, for somebody who's got a war on God going,
I don't know why you're offering me a war.
I'm offering the excuse of not meddling in God's domain.
But, uh, the human mind's a strange thing.
It can play funny tricks and make you think you see a monster,
or a sea monster.
Makes you think you see a sea monster.
Or a saucer.
Like, uh, you know, they could give you good testimony about a saucer.
Say, that saucer's the one I saucer.
That saucer.
And you say, where?
What saucer?
There isn't a saucer.
And there wasn't the sea monster.
Case closed.
I wouldn't be so sure about that, Dr. Howell.
We'll see.
Time will tell.
We still have a few hours left on this...
Yes, time is the operative word, isn't it?
Yes, and it's time...
Time is trickling and dwindling away.
It's time for the Bulldada auction.
Time...
It's even if the world ends in about 14 or 15 hours...
You'll still want the cool latest subgenius gear, which unfortunately and coincidentally,
That's right.
...we're going to be auctioning from up here.
You're not going to need that money or that money in the bank, because now, for the first
time ever, we can take credit cards for the Bulldada auction.
Yes, it's a matter of spiritual giving...
You can charge it.
...and spiritual receiving.
Actually, we did that for years.
So we'll strap on our spiritual chest protectors and get going in a moment.
But remember, this is the last pre-X moment Bulldada auction, which will take place, and
coincidentally, the first one.
Time hath endless rarities and shows of all varieties, which reveals all things in heaven,
maketh new discoveries in earth, and even earth itself a discovery.
Well, that's heavy.
So where did Janus go, anyway?
Yes, ladies and germs, time is a thing of dragonflies and angels.
The former live too little, and the latter live too long.
But it's all relative.
It depends on where you stand.
And especially to you, ladies, I would say.
When time takes you out for a spin in his car, you'll be hard-pressed to stop him from
going too far.
Hey, this is great.
I didn't see this before.
I'm going to change my recording here.
Soap on a rope of Mr. T.
You've been listening to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slavery.
We're back!
For free information, write to P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
or see www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob!
But sire, there is no more money!
We gotta get some money!
That dirty, purkish, hark-a-back, flackin' wharton, fill-a-buckin' burton, purk-a-loom-a-burton,
dirtin' buster-knight!
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show, and we're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
But if you truly love Bob, and want some of Bob's work, then subscribe to our YouTube

And if you want some of that slack back to rebound to you, you should go to subgenius.com
front page, or especially the radio page, or the catalog store pages, and help out financially
as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty, and we don't want any subgeniuses
to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month.
50 bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Steve Jobs if you don't pay
Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to Subgenius Foundation.
P.O.
Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411.
Bob.

Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411.

Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411.

Box 181419 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411.

Box 181419 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411.



Box 181421 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 4411.


6164比? 1-8. I'm持 America. haroldclaw.com 1812.com?!"페 full name a-name 먼저up Politik
The subliminal hip-hop corporation.
Sex, money, Bob.
Free pills.
Sex, money, Bob.
Free pills.
Sex, money, Bob.
Free pills.
Sex, money, Bob.
Kill me.
Sex, money, Bob.
