If they can't not see the humor of it, then let them mount up upon themselves.
Amen.
The Self Genius Hour of Slack
I will tell you what to do.
I will tell you what to think.
I will tell you what to be.
And you will like it.
You want to go to the bathroom?
I'm not safe.
Let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to fear is...
The Self Genius Hour of Slack
But a thing like this could absolutely give me a trauma.
Dad, does it ever get better?
Well, the fact of the matter is that it gets an awful lot worse before it gets better.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, here's the microphone.
All we have to do is plug it in.
Thanks very much, Bob.
Now go ahead. Say something right into the mic.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Praise Bob!
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.

Oh, God.


Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.


Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.



Oh, God.

Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
Oh, God.
with L. Ron Hubbard.
He'll be speaking to you
about Bob.
About J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Which you should all know a lot about.
Uh,
teach about slack.
And, uh,
you should give him all your money.
In return,
in return,
in return,
he'll give you slack.
In return,
in return.
Brothers and
sisters,
we must
confront ourselves.
We know
that all men and women
are created good.
We must understand
that we are not
why you have gone bad.
You cannot play
chickens with your line.
Jumping around like an old world
wind. Wrapping your
dishes and plates
and then unpacking them and placing them
back on the shelf.
This is not the way
the Jehovah One has designed
you to act.
Unless you are willing
to admit that you are a norm.
A pink boy.
A nini. A twig.
A turkey.


Only then can you decide
where your path
shall lead you.
But we know inherently
that we are all created good
by Jehovah One.
Some of you have such bad luck
sometimes in your life
that you couldn't hang yourself
with your own necktie.
This is when you should look to Bob.
When you look to Jehovah One
and say,
Bob,
come into my heart.
And you shall see one set of footprints in the sand.
And that is when you will know that Bob has charged you $5.99 to carry you to the nearest taxi.
Praise Bob and his divine ways.
You got to know that life is like a vanishing twin, a baby inside of a twin inside of a woman's belly.
That's how confusing this wiggly world can be.
You got to raise up above this wiggly world and grab the hand of Bob.
Praise him and all that flows from Bob.
Usually we start off our sermons and devivals and gatherings with a solemn togetherness moment
of,
NOISE!
And we're going to do that again.
But at this time I don't want to make a bunch of noise for Bob Dobbs, my guru,
because he's kind of deaf anyway and not paying much attention, like most real gods.
But those who couldn't be here themselves, because I guess the angels needed him for something else.
So friends, let's have a moment of noise for those who had to join Bob and the aliens early,
specifically our old friend, Reverend Steve Checkey.
Praise Steve!
And finally one last moment of noise for us, for hanging in there ourselves and putting up with our own idiocy.
Praise Bob!
Reward yourself for your own slack with more slack.
Now I will now explain for those of you who have no earthly idea what the Church of the Subgenius is.
There's not a perfect picture of Bob.
There's a little bit of Bob up there, but it'll come around.
So here's the cool Bob.
You've seen his face.
Some of you may hate him and some may love him and some have sexual obsessions with Bob.
Boys, don't feel bad.
It's not really queer if it's Bob, okay?
It's a religious thing.
It's a religious love.
So what does this Church of the Subgenius offer?
Well, the same thing as all the other religions offer.
Lofty words, high sounding concepts, feelings, pablum, and lies.
Friends, Bob held a gun to our head and said,
Start selling and start lying!
Basically, J.R. Bob Dobbs, the grinning, bedotted figurehead of our church,
was a salesman with almost mystic sales ability,
who in 1953, he underwent his immaculation.
The alien space god Jehovah One from some corporate sin galaxy,
this creature which masqueraded as the one true patriarchal god,
successfully, for thousands of years,
he came down and he revealed to J.R. Bob Dobbs
that there was a conspiracy of normal people
robbing away the slack of all the weirdos, abnormals, disbelievers,
or those who will believe anything,
which I think includes some of you.
And he predicted that the end of the world was coming.
Soon. About five years ago, in fact.
July 5th, 1998, at 7 a.m.,
the aliens from Planet X, or Exus we call them,
would come down and rupture up the subgeniuses.
That was called the rupture.
We figured there wouldn't be too many subgeniuses awake at 7 o'clock on a Sunday morning,
which was a good time to have their cars unmanned.
But, um, well...
And Bob preaches slack.
Now, the slack part turned out to be real,
and the conspiracy is obviously real,
and we're still kind of waiting for the saucers.
But, by gobs, we wait with faith!
And, well, actually, we feel kind of silly every July 5th.
Well, two weeks ago, we were all standing right out there.
Saucers didn't show up.
But, you know, Bob said,
don't just eat that hamburger, eat the hell out of it.
And he said, when you're...
Don't just feel silly waiting for the saucers,
feel silly the hell out of it!
So it's not... I don't actually mind so much the fact
that I don't every year get, for $30,
I don't get to destroy everyone I ever hated
and have my own escape planet and all that stuff Bob promised.
What really bugs me is,
I just hate to think of the Discordians laughing at us again each year.
Oh, well.
And he told Bob, you must found your church,
not on a solid rock like the Christians have,
or anybody else,
but on a shifting sandy beach of hypocrisy,
of lies and bullshit!
Because in the midst of that lies and bullshit,
when we admit that,
that's how you know we're the only ones telling the truth.
Now isn't that sad?
Damn.
But, that's Bob for you.
It's the real thing, in a strange way, you know.
Some people have gods that they have to give lip service to.
They feel like, oh, God expects them to pray at a certain time,
do various ridiculous things for them,
which is fine, that's all great.
Bob does not care about any of that.
He's not especially jealous.
He's not interested in your praying to him.
He won't listen to it.
And he can't forgive your sins.
He's not as well connected or related as some other messiahs and personal saviors.
So, he doesn't care about your sins.
He won't forgive them.
He's not interested in your sins,
unless you've invented some new ones that we haven't heard yet.
No!
Bob comes and comes again and again and again,
not to forgive your sins, but to justify your sins,
to rationalize your sins.
Because, you know, really,
do you need forgiveness?
Do you really feel like you've done something so bad that you need some god to forgive you?
Well, no!
You need an excuse!
Bob brings that excuse.
Available at BAT for only $30.
So, okay, $20.
I really want to understand,
and then all my readers could understand, too.
I am not a man.
I began as one.
But each being that I change makes me more than a man.
Do you want to know what I am?
More than anything,
I was afraid to ask.
I am the Bob,
and you call me insane.
You are privy to a great becoming.
And you recognize nothing.
You are an ant in the afterbirth.
It is in your nature to do one thing correctly.
Before me, you rightly tremble.
But fear is not what you owe me, Mr. Sting.
You owe me...
SWEAT!
I am the Bob,
and you call me insane.
I am the Bob,
and you call me insane.

Bob?


Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?

Bob?
shouldn't give him the goods they need.

If ye've praised Bob,
lovelyfe take out thy raincoat.
And ne referee,
No, you really don't, because he, as Slackmaster, he will take all your slack.
And he will come out of your toilet.
He will take all your slack and come out of your toilet.
Of the distant echoing weirdos.
Speaking of echoing weirdos, friends, we hooked three new ones for tonight's show.
We were just now hearing some free radio patipo from Amsterdam with Pope Mickey Finn, Pope Phil Monty, and Lord Getty, plus some Texans.
But right at the beginning of this hour of Slack number 980, we heard the Gregorian version of Let Them Mount Up Upon Themselves by Third Nostril.
We'll hear that again at the end of the show.
Reverend Artemia Salina did the new titles.
The first new titles.
And Mr. Fernandez and Andy Lee Murr did the next titles.
And many more collages and to come.
We found accidentally and changed a clip by Throat Culture about a so-called Reverend L. Ron Hubbard.
I guess they're rogue subgeni or something.
And that amazing, smooth, jazzy, all praise Bob, was by Reverend Raymond Lafferty.
New discovery by the Mystic Knights of Bob Doves.
See also upstartradio.com.
The preaching by yours, truly Reverend Ivan Stang, was first from the revival at Starwood at 2004.
And then from the Amsterdam revival in Holenheadland.
The organ music was on Le Murr's old organ.
And now we come to...
Reverend Artemia Salina's rendition of Dance of the Dobbsheads.
Dance of the Dobbsheads.
Billy Allen Antwick plays bishop.
apron
периods


Kathwe ''cor lira''
plains
peat
We just got the Reverend Mickey Finn calling in.
And you've got to get, got to get on the beat.
Down and turned into a half tone.
We don't think that one is a photograph.
It's very difficult.
By the time that one was made, it was very hard to photograph Bob.
His aura prevented his modeling career.
I hear that he actually used to melt cameras.
Well, it's more like his face would appear blurred,
like in that horror movie, The Ring.
It always looked that way in photographs
after a certain phase of enlightenment that Bob reached.
All right.
So that he, although in his youth,
as he was becoming a holy man,
you see him modeled for many, many advertisements,
Dobbs hats, different hammocks,
automatic lawnmowers that would mow your lawn while you smoked.
Pipes.
Pipes and abs that you see in old magazines.
But then after about 1963, 1964,
you don't see Bob in anything except hand-drawn caricature.
So this is why there is a great trade
in finding here to for unfound photographs of Bob
and unseen advertisements.
Right.
Virgin Dobbs heads go for millions in Saudi Arabia and Japan.
If you can find a Dobbs head that hasn't been copied,
those things are worth more than gold or cancer cures.
So that's clearly what we're looking out for.
So this is an appeal to how many people we're reaching.
If you have hidden away, check your attic,
ancient,
and you find Bob in there,
then you could be onto a huge ton of cash.
Now, if it's just an ordinary Dobbs head that's obviously has been re has
reproduced thousands of times,
but that's what we call a mattress back.
It's like an old whore that's just been used forever.
We're talking your untouched,
unselly,
pure portraits of Bob.
Once it has not been copied.
If you find those,
send them to us.




Send them to the church of the subgenius.
That's Bob at post office box 181417.
That's box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Accept no substitutes.
This is new information for the address, everybody.
You may have old addresses written down.
This now supersedes them.
Well, we overcame the Branch Dalasians and the Branch Austinian collectives.
And those people were false pretenders to the scribeship, the Dobbs head.
And we're looking for real pretenders.
We need real pretenders, man.
Great pretenders.
We're looking for people who like to hate.
And we seem to find them with great ease as well.
And there's more and more of them these days.
Sit down, Bob.
I'm not happy, Bob.
Not happy.
Ask me why.
Okay.
Okay.
Why?
Why what?
Be specific, Bob.
Why are you unhappy?
Your customers make me unhappy.
They're experts.
Experts, Bob.
Exploiting every loophole.
Dodging every obstacle.
They're penetrating the bureaucracy.
Did I do something illegal?
No.
Are you saying we shouldn't help our customers?
The law requires that I answer no.
We're supposed to help people.
We're supposed to help our people.
Starting with our stockholders, Bob.
Who's helping them out, huh?
You know, Bob, a company...
Is like an enormous clock.
Is like an enormous clo...
Yes, precisely.
It only works if all the little cogs mesh together.
Now, a clock needs to be clean, well lubricated, and wound tight.
The best clocks have jewel movements.
Cogs that fit.
That cooperate by design.
I'm being metaphorical, Bob.
You know what I mean by cooperative cogs?
Bob?
Bob?
Look at me when I'm talking to you!
That man out there.
He needs help.
Do not change the subject, Bob!
We're discussing your actions!
He is getting mugged!
Well, let's hope we don't cover him!
I'll be right back.
Stop right now, or you're fired!
Jesus loves you.
Buizh valt zizizh.
Jesus loves you.
Buizh valt zizizh.
Gentlemen!
The Navy Department has today asked me to give ship owners this message.
The Shadow, Lamont Cranston, and the Master of the Ships, are now in the service of




a master of other people's wealth, devotes his life to protecting the guilty and punishing
other people's minds.
Ladies and gentlemen, before the curtain goes up on the Shadow's latest exciting adventure,
let me say this.
I know that every one of you owns a tire that will give you the greatest skids and blowouts.
Well I'm going to tell you about a new kind of wet, slippery tire.
There is extra tie speed blowouts, and that means you'll get the quickest non-stop skids
you've ever seen.
Believe me.
There's nothing like skids and blowouts to make you feel before it's too late.
Is it any wonder this new tire is called the excitingest thing on wheels?
And you'd like to get that tire without paying, wouldn't you?
Never heard it.
Well I have heard tell that, um, Bob's Pipe itself is a censoring beer, and that possibly
Bob's Pipe is the one who's making all the decisions.
That's exac- that is, uh, exactly what's behind the big rift in the church.
That's why we had to, uh,

eliminate, the old fashioned way, the Austonian and, uh, Dalatian clenches, and the, the branch
Clevelandians now, or as we call it, DNA level C. That's Cleveland backwards.
Uh, we are now in control of the church.
This, uh, we don't want any doubt as to where you're, you, to send your money.
Those other post offices are closed down.
They're, they're, that's it.
But, uh, Jesus sold them, basically, is what happens.
Uh.
But is, but is Bob smoking the Pipe?

Or is, as I have heard tell, is the Pipe smoking Bob?
Well, as, as Reverend Skro pointed out, Bob is generating himself, regenerating himself
from the smoke of the Pipe.
The Pipe, you never see the cloud of smoke dissipate.
It sort of hovers around him all the time.
Well, he is ever reconstituting from the smoke that he has exhaled, from inhaling the burning,
the ever-burning smoke.

The, ever-burning frop in the Pipe.
Because you've noticed Bob never loads that Pipe.
You've never seen it go out, you've never seen it away from his mouth for long.
You've never seen him, you've probably never seen him actually speak in several years.
Oh, well it seems to have been quiet for a while now.
I don't hear, I don't.
But, then again, were I to hear his pure, unadulterated voice, then surely my ears would
shatter and my brain would run out of the ear holes.
Well, that was the problem with, uh, people who tried to channel Bob.
They, you could only get one or two people to channel, uh, Bob.

words out of each bobby that trying to channel bob's words before they would pretty much their
brain would burn out like an old flash bulb so that you we had to line volunteers up 40 or 50
in a row and go down the line with the tape recorder and each would channel a few words of
bob's sentence which often you know he meanders a lot so it gets off off the subject yeah and
starts telling you a joke in the middle and so getting the main end of the world pronouncements
out of him were worried it cost a lot of a lot of Bobby's not lives they're still alive they're in
the distance they they helped farm they helped but till the front of the fields and in Dobbs town in
our jungle mechanic encampment in Malaysia which is still open the one in Bolivia closed
down and the one in the middle of the world closed down and the one in the middle of the world closed
down the one in Brazil closed down but the Malaysian Dobbs town is still open and the
Cleveland mega fence temple Lodge certainly is open though its doors are not open to everybody
we call it the slacker mansion by the way after the great forest st. Forrest Ackerman's home those
those monster fans who might be listening out there I just programmed you you will be
sending your $30 to Bob and so my fellow Americans ask not what you can do for your country ask what
your country can do for you I ought to do is put a bullet through his head
or worse a little silly Madras hä 저도
ια
to
to
you can't hide from god because he's bigger than you help me somebody
you can't hide from god because he's bigger than the whole planet
can't hide from god he's bigger than all the universe
can't hide from god because he's bigger than all infinity he's bigger than all reality
help me somebody
you can't hide from god you can't hide from god in a reefer you can't hide from god in the
world
glass of alcohol.
You can't hide from God and a pussy
because he's bigger than you.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs
because he's stupider than you are.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs
because he's got more black and white little dots
in his face than you do.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs
because his face has been mimeographed
and put up in more places than yours has.
You can't hide from God.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs
because more people worship him than worship you.
You can't hide from Dobbs
because he's stupider than you are.
Who the hell is somebody?
You can't run from your own legs.
How are you going to run from your own legs?
Because if you run from your own legs,
where are you going to run from them with?
If you use them to run from them with,
where are you going to run away from?
You can't run from your own legs.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs
because he's stupider than you.
You can't hide from God
because he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all reality.
He's bigger than all infinity.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
Pull the lever down and go.
My legs are on fire.
I need some help.
Pray stop.
You can't swallow your own throat.
How are you going to swallow your own throat?
Because if you use your own throat
to swallow it with,
where are you going to swallow?
If you swallow your own throat,
where are you going to use to swallow it with?
You can't swallow your own throat.
You can't run from your own legs.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs
because he's stupider than you are.
You can't hide from God
because he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all infinity.
Help me, somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
Pull the lever down and go.
My legs are on fire.
I need some help.
Pray stop.
You can't digest your own stomach.
How are you going to digest your own stomach?
There's not a man or woman in this auditorium tonight
who can digest their own stomach.
You can't digest your own stomach.
You can't swallow your own throat.
You can't run from your own legs.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs
because he's stupider than you.
You can't hide from God
because he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all reality.
Help me, somebody.
Pull the lever down and go.
My legs are on fire.
I need some help.
I need some help.
Pray stop.
You can't wet water.
Water's already as wet as it can possibly get.
You can pour water on water,
but you're just going to have more water.
You can't wet water.
You can't digest your own stomach.
You can't swallow.
You can't swallow your own throat.
You can't run from your own legs.
You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs
because he's stupider than you.
You can't hide from God
because he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all reality.
Help me, somebody.
Pull the lever down and go.
My legs are on fire.
I need some help.
I need some help.
Pray stop.
You can't wash soap.
How are you going to wash soap?
You're going to try to cut it in half
and rub the two ends together.
You can't wash soap.
You're going to try to throw it in the washing machine.
You're going to try to slide it through a car wash.
You can't wash soap.
You can't wet water.
You can't digest your own stomach.
You can't swallow your own throat.
You cannot hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs
because he's stupider than you.
You can't hide from God
because he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all reality.
Help me, somebody.
Pull the lever down and go.
My legs are on fire.
I need some help.
I need some help.
Pray stop.
You can't burn fire.
It's already on fire.
How are you going to burn fire?
You can't burn fire.
You can't wash soap.
You can't wet water.
You can't digest your own stomach.
You can't swallow your own throat.
You can't run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs
because he's stupider than you.
You can't hide from God
because he's bigger than you.
Bigger than all reality.
Need...
Help me somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
Pull the lever down and go.
My legs are on fire.
I need some help.
You can't pee your own dick.
How are you going to pee your own dick?
too big to fit out of that little bitty hole. You can't pee your own dick. You can't burn
fire. You can't wash soap. You cannot wet water. You cannot digest your own stomach.
You can't swallow your own throat. You cannot run from your own legs. You cannot hide from
this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs, because he's stupider than you. You can't hide from God because
he's bigger than you. He's bigger than all reality. Help me, somebody. She ain't got no
legs. Pull the lever and down you go. Preacher, my legs are on fire. Need some help? Need
some help? Praise God.
Preacher, my legs are on fire. Keep those dollars rolling.
You can't hide from God. Help me, somebody. Help me, somebody. Can I get a witness? You
can't hide from God. Need some help? Need some help? Praise God. My legs are on fire.
If you got some balls, you can come to me. Preacher, my legs are on fire.
You can't hide from God. You can't hide from your own hiding place. Your old hiding place
is where you're hiding from. Your old hiding place is going to be where your feet are going






gonna see you. So how you gonna hide from your own hiding place? You can't hide from your own
hiding place. You can't burn fire. You can't pee your own dick. You can't wash soap. You can't wet
water. You cannot digest your own stomach. You can't swallow your own throat. You cannot run
from your own legs. You can't hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs because he's stupid and you are. You can't hide from God
because he's bigger than you. He's bigger than all infinity. Help me somebody. She ain't got no legs.
Pull the lever. Down you go. Preacher, my legs are on fire. Need some help. Need some help. Praise Dobbs.
Preacher, my legs are on fire. Preacher, my legs are on fire.
Can I get a witness? Help me somebody. Help me somebody. My legs are on fire.
Preacher!
Preacher!
Hey,
Doctors for Bob, friends, did that song, Can't Hide from God. A real oldie, early 1980s,
Pope Sternodocs, Pope Snavely, Saint Snavely Eklund, Reverend Martin Big Smoke Pitts,
Linda Pitts, and Reverend Jean Splice on guitar, and Janer Hyperclete, dear friends. But now,
let us return to Radio Patapo in Amsterdam and learn what it sounds like when a radio,
mic, and radio are connected.
The microphone is inserted up into the nasal sinus of Reverend Eror.
That face looks even funnier than it sounds.
It's just eternal.
Remind me not to touch my mouth.
I'm not too close to this microphone.
Keep a nice distance, sir. From a healthy distance.
Friend, what does it feel like to have a nostril against your very ear hole?
Which nostril?
Would it be the left nostril, the right nostril, or the third nostril?
Ah, the famous third nostril. The nostril of enlightenment.
Like the third eye, but really more sensitive.
Yeah.
I'm not sure if I'm able to discern different wavelengths, the auric and the ozonic wavelengths.
You can sniff your way to just your perfect true yeti mate.
Sniff your victory.
You can sniff your way to victory, my friends. To love, to true love. You can sniff out your
true yeti mate if you can just open that third nostril. Don't follow those false gurus with
their third eye bullshit.
Bullshit.
Bullshit.
But the joy of the third nostril is that things that you've only seen with your sight, when exposed to the third nostril, you find a suddenly astringent and deadly poison.
Things that have otherwise looked completely safe. There are many things you can sniff out with your third nostril. It's very much like the John Carpenter film, They Live.
All you need is the right pair of sunglasses and the messages come through to you.
Marry and reproduce.
Marry, reproduce, obey, obey.
Praise Bob, praise Bob.
And many subgenii leave messages for each other at the bottom of street lights, etc. They spray out something from their third nostril and leave messages for other subgenii who may walk past.
I saw a lot of little stains on the street as I walked down the road that I thought might be messages or how do you say, pee mail.
Pee mail. Trail. Trail.
That's how we follow Bob.
And those stains don't come off either.
Also, we have had...
Don't get your mouth too close to that.
No, I've just realized that and I can see matter in the microphone.
It doesn't matter.
Oh, it doesn't matter much, but it is matter. It's matter of a sort.
But we've received messages from Bob in many stray shapes and forms.
When you walk down the street and you find audio tape chewed up around the wheel of a bicycle, if you take that audio tape home and thread it through a tape and play it, sacred information.
It's a bizarre thing.
That is so true. That has happened to me too. That's a really good example of that.
When you find audio tape and it's long string on the road, never leave it there. It is there for you.
Got it!
And if you see a $20 bill on the street...
Don't leave that.
Well, pick it up, but don't rush home looking guiltily over your shoulder.
Look around for the torn open bag dropped by the bank robber.
Don't be a sap. Be like Bob.
Where there's one $20 bill, there's another and another and another littering the ground.
But so many, they pick up that $20 bill and go,
Well, God damn, I just discovered me a $20 bill on the ground. Bob must love me. I'm going to go spend this on whiskey and wild women.
Well, friend, you can go ahead and do that.
But if you would just look behind that mound over there, you'd see that dead bank robber with his whole bag of litter.
And you'd have that good stuff if you'd just be a subgenius and live in discernment.
You had to use the spirit of greed and of lust for slack, of something for nothing.
You have to believe that something for nothing can come your way.
And even if it doesn't, if you believe it, you'll think it did.
That's the miracle of religion. That's summed to that.
Praise Bob. Sold it. I smoked it. That settles it.
Praise Bob!
Kill Bob.
Of course, we all know that a man without a religion is like a fish without a bicycle.
What if Bob were one of us?
What if Bob were one of us?
Just a stranger on the bus, trying to make his way home.
What if Bob was just a string hanging out of your nose?
Yeah, what if Bob was just a dingleberry stuck to the back of your butt?
You know, what if? We have to... It's something to think about late at night.
I've got drugs.
Seriously.
How does the guy who drives the snowplough get to work?
It's one of those things. It's a Zen koan.
What if Bob was a poodle?
What if Bob was a cat who lost his tail?
Bob? Pazapoo? Who knows? Who knows? Who knows?
You're currently listening to Radio Pazapoo, 7-9.2 FM.
You want to know more about this stuff we've been cramming out here?
Go to www.subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.
Subgenius.com.

No.
It's just subgenius.com and that's spelled S-U-B-E-N-I-U-S.
I've been typing in subgenius all this time. Is that not the right thing to do?
That's the other website.
It's actually a well-known fact that all religious fanatics and religious nuts
first actually came to the United States.
They came through Holland before they went to the New World.
Really?
Yes. The Pilgrim Fathers stopped off in Leiden, for example.
Did they? Did they really?
They did.
They didn't tell us that.
No, of course not. The conspiracy doesn't want to let you know.
No, no.
They went from England and they first went to Holland in order to get their shit sorted out.
So they stayed over here and, well, apparently something happened and then they went off to the United...
Well, not... No, it wasn't the United States yet.
It was the colonies.
The New World. What a marvelous place.
You know, it was full of giant woolly rhinoceroses and cave bears the size of this room.
And a giant elk that's the size of elephants.
And saber-toothed tigers.
Yeah. But those creatures were all wiped out by noble man.
Yes, as man arrived in the New World.
Long before Columbus, long before even Lee Ferrickson, long before Alley Hoop,
there, man came across and wiped out every competing mammal larger than himself.
Just as he had done in Australia and every other isolated place in the planet.
As soon as they got there, it was a mass...
Well, that was actually when the mass extinction started that's still going on.
We're working on it, friends. We're all doing our best.
I'll have... I'll order... Waiter, bring me another one of them chimpanzee sandwiches, would you?
Bring me another chocolate.
I understand that in Belgium you can actually get chimpanzee meat in some restaurants.
Is that bushmeat?
I don't know. I don't know.
Well, in the US, that's what I think.
They do describe the wilder, more exotic meats as bushmeat.
And he's certainly wild and exotic.
Exotic to you, man.
Bushmeat jerk.
In these primitive prehistoric times, was it the land without the subgenius influence?
Was it the land without the...
I mean, I understand that he came to the fore in the 50s,
but surely there was an influence before that.
For I've heard of the Yeti lineage involved.
Well, the Yeti, of course, there were great kingdoms in the Himalayas in Tibet,
the land now known as Tibet, Tibet.
The vast, the forbidden city, the early, the first Dobstown, and so forth.
And of course, the Native Americans have the legends of the pipe,
the great pipe that was brought to them by the white buffalo woman,
Onni, who came and brought the pipe, the knowledge of the pipe.
By the way, the stone that the pipe is made from,
is formed from the blood of the brilliance of the Prussian kings,
who were destroyed in the first cataclysmic flood of Dobst-Velikovsky biblical history.
So it's a kind of fossil.
Right, it's a fossilized blood of kings, humans, early humans,
killed by Jehovah One in order for subgenius Indians to make pipes.
Really cool pipes.
Those are cool stone pipes.
Nothing like the pipes I've seen today in Amsterdam.
Nay, but just as impressive in their own way.
Oh, and we have seen many.
God almighty have I seen some impressive pipes.
Pipes that you would never dream of trying to bring home through customs,
but you can look at them and think, oh.
Pipes that they'll bust you just for having pictures of,
just for having seen.
If they can prove that you saw the artwork,
just the artwork on the pipe,
that alone is, in the United States right now,
you can get, you won't do hard time,
but you might have to go to one of those little,
country club prisons.
It's like a dormant, school dormitory.
Can we read the video?
Well, they, yeah.
Just a little lesson, little reminder.
Just a little reminder.
Just folks camp.
Yeah, the down home camps.
Just folks camps, they call them.
Today is the birthday of the rest of your life.
Getting used to it.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm working with joy for as long as six months.
The University of Basketball Arena has declared invalid
the results of last weekend's roadside bombing north of Philadelphia
and police say two volunteers working on behalf of turnpike workers
between Philadelphia and the site of a significant Pennsylvania turnpike
from Venezuela.
For PR News, I'm in time for Sunday's basketball game.
President Bush closed off southern New Jersey.
Drivers are passing through.
Going to and fro.
This is PR News.
This is exciting.
This is something menaosty.
All those quotes,
too much is better than none,
pulled a rule over your own eyes.
When did you guys get the phone data?
I mean, there's stories going around about a big brown paper bag,
bits of napkin and bits of...
No, Bob would write,
he'd be spouting at parties or business meetings or whatever.
And his certain holy utterances would just ring through everyone's memory.
And there'd always be someone sober enough to write it down.
And sometimes Bob did, but usually it was some associate of his.
And these things have their way of finding their way to us,
to we who have devoted our lives to categorizing.
We're like the monks.
We're like the monks.
We're like monks who shuffle endlessly through these mile-long corridors
of file cabinets and computer disks,
endlessly cataloging and recataloging every known utterance of the Dobbs.
We know where he was almost every day of his life,
but there are a few blackout periods where we don't know where Bob was.
But aside from that, our monks have managed to piece together
most of the life of Dobbs as we've so far up to a certain point.
He's unfortunately vanished a couple of years ago
during the Senate subcommittee investigation.
Of course, we expect to hear from him soon.
He apparently also ran around in Europe at the end of the Second World War.
Yes, yes.
Bob was very involved in the ending of the Second World War, actually, as well.
You know, he throttled Hitler with his own bare hands in the bunker.
That's a little-known fact.
But it was J.R. Bob Dobbs who dug his way in with an entrenching tool.
He hated it. It was the only thing Bob ever hated.
He loves all things except Nazis and chickens, actually.
He doesn't like chickens.
As sex partners.
He eats chicken, but he doesn't like chickens as sex partners.
And he hated Nazis.
So he was very patriotic during World War II.
And he actually dug into the bunker and killed Hitler with his bare hands.
That's bullshit!
It's true.
And then after that, he hunted for treasure in Holland
with a mysterious Dutch scientist whose name I never can remember.
He's still alive.
There's some recordings, in fact, of really old recordings of these guys
talking about their adventures with Bob after World War II.
I see. Actually, I didn't...
It was mostly right after the war ended.
It involved searching for the chalice of ultimate slack
amid the rubble of some city.
I can't remember which.
Some... Yes, it was a tragic, bloody...
It's time to burn your history books.
It's all lies.
The Nazis won World War II.
It's an epic story.
Sure, the fall of Berlin was a major setback for them.
The SS had to regroup.
But many of them got lucrative posts in the CIA and the U.S. Department of Defense.
From there, they opened up a line of connections through South America,
starting with the United Fruit Company in 1953.
The war against communism gave them a bargaining chip with their captors.
They became the bad boys who did the dirty work of stopping the red tide down south.
Good old expatriate Nazis staging military coups to replace reds with fascist-style dictatorships.
Each country, each travesty was another test tube for a new generation of fascists to study.
And study they did.
Panzers, Tigers, V-2 rockets just weren't enough.
So they learned to take governments from within.
They learned to undermine.
The Odessa, or whatever it transformed into, had plenty of friends on the inside.
It took an act of Congress to stop Henry Ford and Prescott Bush from trading with the Third Reich.
The Fuhrer was gone, but they had plenty of time to renew old friendships while they were retired
in Argentina, Chile, Brazil, or wherever.
It's been a long war, and I'm sure they are happy to see it finally coming to an end.
So go ahead, toss your history books onto the pyre.
There's nothing like a good old book burning.
It'll prepare you for the new world order better than anything else.
But, uh, people hear the word subgenius, and they jump to conclusions and think,
oh, they must think they're almost like a genius, real smart.
Well, technically, you know, a subgenius can include anything under a genius.
That, really, most of us probably qualify.
Oh, and you have to have the 20 euro.
But, uh, that helps to qualify.
If you spend that much money, you're going to be a genius.

So, uh, if you're going to be a genius, you're going to have to watch on us,
and we know that you're not a genius.
And we'll welcome you with open arms.
But you'll notice that we really, we attract very different kinds of people,
and that's the whole idea.
You'll see young and old and nice looking and really pretty bad looking,
and, uh, kind of clever and lots of really stupid ones.
And, friends, it's because we believe that the conspiracy of the normal humans
has misdefined the concept of intelligence.
It's not really the intelligence that counts,
but the sense, common sense, sense of humor,
and dollars and cents.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
But, you see, Bob is not this brilliant religious leader
like, uh, Billy Graham or somebody like that.
He, no, he's not smart.
He's something much more important.
He's smart.
He's lucky.
Yes, because if you think about it,
when was the last time brains got you laid?
No.
When they say get lucky, they mean it.
So Bob is, is, is, he's, uh, he's an idiot, really, by conspiracy standards.
He's, uh, has very little in his head.
As Reverend Onan Kanabite said,
Bob has two brains, left and right.
And in his left hand,
in his left brain, nothing is right.
And in his right brain, there's nothing left.
But, but, but somehow he makes a million dollars
every time he screws up.
And he screws up constantly.
Uh, that's because Bob is the very,
just happens to be, by luck,
the very fulcrum of the luck plane of the entire universe.
What Bob wants to happen,
just by coincidence,
happens to be what's going to happen anyway.
This is because Bob has the wisdom of,
of, uh, he's ripped off the wisdom of every Zen master.
Bob has a special path that he teaches,
the path of least resistance, dear friends.
And that is the way we find our way to slack.
So most of us merely stumble onto it,
if, if we do so at all.
It's kind of, uh, defeats the purpose to work towards slack.
But yet, here we are.
Here we end up working.
And it's Sunday night.
Some of you have to get up and go to work tomorrow.
Now sometimes that's good.
You like your job.
You're a lucky one.
I like my job.
I get to go to bars and tempt sinners away from the devil.
That's not bad.
But, uh, you know, there's this,
everybody somehow has found it,
has, I believe that we've all been tricked
by the conspiracy into thinking it's normal
to go and do this job you might not like so much,
just to have enough money to pay the rent.
And we call, we say that that is because of the conspiracy.
And many people say,
oh, I know about the conspiracy.
I'm real hip to that.
But the conspiracy that killed Kennedy,
the conspiracy that hides the UFOs in the, uh,
Air Force bases,
or the conspiracy to re-elect George Bush.
Well,
or the fashion conspiracy, you know,
where the,
where the,
some, some, uh,
bum,
bodiless corporation somewhere decides
what constitutes a pretty woman each year.
And, uh, tries to sell you on that concept of false slack.
Friends,
that's part of the conspiracy.
But the big conspiracy we're talking about
is the conspiracy that doesn't even know
that it is a conspiracy.
The conspiracy of the normal people.
They don't even think about it.
They automatically dislike everything different.
The subgeniuses are the species that at least are interested in everything different.
Sometimes you find out that the,
the path least followed is that way because it's a shitty path.
Uh,
but, uh,
we want to try it anyway,
goddammit,
just to be ornery if for no other reason.
Yes, she loves shoes.
Is this guy boring you?
Why don't you come and talk to me?
I'm from a different planet.
And you can see him at the Detroit Revival, dear friends,
March 19th at the Magic Stick in Detroit.
That's March 19th in Detroit with the amino acids,
which is who you've been hearing in the background,
uh, this whole show on my credits.
You also, uh, playing will be Mann and the Christ Punchers
and many more.
Uh, also, uh, preaching,
by Reverend Carter LeBlanc,
and yours truly,
and many more.
Uh, prepare also, friends, for text day,
May 7th outside of Austin,
uh, at a camp,
just like the Brushwood camp,
where we'll hold X Day itself on July 30th through July 5th.
For more, see www.subgenius.com.
Or, friends, you can write to Bob at Post Office Box 181417.
That's Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Uh, that is the address of Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
www.subgenius.com.
And praise Bob!
Anyway, like I say, we, we, uh, make fun of all the other, uh, religions,
but our cult of the subgenius has actually not been doing all that great ourselves.
We had, uh, our seventh X Day two weeks ago, waiting for the saucers.
And, w- thanks to the great woodbusters of Brushwood,
who also build the bonfire for this,
they built a giant Dobbs icon.
We have a kind of a, uh, an altered cross with a pipe on it.
They built it out of wood.
And every year, the drug users of the subgenius church watch that thing burn
and speculate on the meaning of what parts of the, you know, fall off and burn first.
Well, this time, the whole icon, almost instantly,
instead of stalwartly taking forever to burn,
the thing, uh, slowly limped and flopped.
And dropped in about five minutes, like an old, limp, flaccid icon.
And meanwhile, meanwhile, what's on television?
The Bob N. Zeit commercials.
What the hell? If, if, if you're not familiar with them,
it's a very obvious ripoff of J.R. Bob Dobbs, only without the, the pipe.
And it's an, it's commercials for erectile dysfunction.
Medicine.
It's like a poor man's Viagra.
The conspiracy stole Bob so they could get hard.
Leaving the original church in a limp, flaccid condition.
But, friends, J.R. Bob Dobbs puts the scent in incentive.
He puts the Richard in ridiculous, and he puts the pipe in your mouth.
Praise Bob.
So, um,
If they catch not see the humor of it,
Then let them mount up upon themselves.
Amen.
You have to believe that something for nothing can come your way.
And it, even if it doesn't, if you believe it, you'll think it did.
That's the miracle of religion.
And joy to all people.
Pardon my gesprochen Polish into English.
I'm Tom Jemimowski.







