Time for Pastor David Epley, your Good Shepherd prayer partner and your personal friend.
In the next 13 or 14 minutes, something good, good, good is coming your way.
So don't leave this radio station. Let's have a good time together.
He is all I need.
He's all I need.
Ah, yes.
Ah, yes.
And now, the subgenius hour of SWAT.
I think this is about the sickest, sickest, sickest thing I've ever heard on KFJZ and since I've been listening to it.
End of subgenius.
The very, the very door of the day of the wrath of God is at hand.
And that if you plan to get saved, you'd better do it now.
In this temple lodge of the Church of the Subgenius of Little Rock.
And before we begin this sacred spouting, I think that we should all bow our heads and let's all have a minute of noise.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!










Ah!

Ah!


Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
authority to you in the name of jesus christ don't ask any questions just do as i say all right
there's i mean the the teaching of jesus christ the authority the commandments to strap a bomb
to your chest to abuse children to go and kill anyone to blow yourself up but that's what we're
here on earth to do and once we uh once we get a hold of the peace that is in that oh folks jesus
jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus jesus christ we got to get this cleaned up look at that someone
called jesus yes yeah we called him but he he couldn't come and help us clean the splatter
from the stain oh jesus he's gone now he's gone he can't help us no he's he's living with the sissies
oh but look who's here man oh here he comes where did you get that silly suit
and how did you get that silly attitude
oh wait you're not a man at all you're a now let's just see you drop them pains
i've never seen anything so ridiculous in all my life you're a sissy boy ain't you
thank you it's all right i said i one time seen a sissy tortured by the cheyenne he never screamed
out once he was a sissy but there's a cut pieces of his flesh off he he never cried out he was a
screened out for his own good and he was a sissy but he was a sissy but he never cried out he was a
strong man that sissy was he had taken the sun dance he had had done the sundance ritual and he
had had his breast impaled with the tusk of a dog and in the after hours he enjoyed a martini
and perhaps whipping up some lettuce and throwing at its children little big sissy
ah big little sissy good evening i'm adela arakawa i'm jim benjamin
nine news reporter ginger delgado has meth labs like that fellow yes jim
It's a job that is so dangerous, it could eventually explode, cause fires, or worse, cause life.
And because of that, he has decided to share his cancer.
He will not reveal Bob since he was 12, since 17.
I'd like to have an impression first introduced to me.
Really, but...
Why?
Because I'm brown, no more.
Today, Bob is dying of his teeth.
In short, an explosion has ruined his life.
He now says the quick high he got was worth it.
You know, it's fun for a minute.
No one should see.
He wants to keep making the same fatal mistake.
And his meth lab's growing at an alarming rate.
Authorities in 31 drug labs.
The next year, this year.
Authorities say this year.
Then last year, here in Colorado.
Uh, yes, dear friends.
News of Bob's cancer, cut up by Fernanda Nandeli-Murr.
Preceded by some of the new remastering of our old collage album,
Meetings.
Media Barrage No. 5.
The old school sub-tape.
By puzzling evidence.
Byron Werner.
Yours truly.
Lies.
Glass Madness.
Doctors for Bob.
Dr. Philodrummon.
And G. Gordon Gordon.
With more coming up.
Friends, I've finished recutting Media Barrage 5.
And this show, this hour of slack number 849,
will be a mix-up of the last third of that show.
With miscellaneous new or newish stuff that has also accumulated.
We'll even be hearing from subgeni who foreswore Bob and forsook the church.
Such as the subgenius-hating Reverend Buck Naked.
And even the original pre-non-fame Saint Janer Hyperclete.
The prototypical subgenius saint.
We're pretty sure he's a psychopath.
Now, how do we spot him?
Well, if he's wearing a Napoleon hat, it's easy.
Otherwise, they come in all sizes and shapes.
From 11-year-old girls to 80-year-old men.
Yeah, they all look perfectly normal.
I keep telling y'all, this is a sick and perverted nation.
All tired.
Nobody wants to listen to me.
Nobody wants to hear about Bob.
Nobody.
I try to tell everybody what's going on, they won't listen to me.
Well, to tell you the truth, I can't stand it anymore.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob, take care of me.
Bob.
Just do away with it.
Especially after all, I don't want them anymore.
They hold a Ronald and Lucien in my mind after all.
They don't love you, Bob.
They don't love you like I do.
Do the run.
Maybe a kid's mother or maybe a little Elia.
Do you want a job?
If we couldn't bring you down to the dead end,
maybe at least three of us could make the world fearless over all these things.
Yeah, I guess.
just the dull and empty distaste for a smothered culture that expires all around you in pools
of its own wastes. It's not just the terminal folds of Nunu. It's not just the child zombies
that murder their mediocrity parents and then cruise the streets with bloody feet. It's
not just those starry old vics on the park benches with looks on their faces like those
who shuffled out of the boxcars of Belsen and Auschwitz. It's not just the anesthesiologist
for Negi. It's not just the heaving pink meat masses that grope and clutch all around you.
It's not just the dino bones for Wotan. It's not just the broken headlights, snapped antennae
and human excrement on your car hood. It's not just that the old ways were best.
It's not just the bastardization and perversion of every honest means of self-expression. It's
not just the killer shit ganja from the dark side of the bush. It's not just the pinoid
snipers locking and loading on every high-rise rooftop. It's not just the widescreen technicolor
corporate daisy chain that has defiled the entire planet. It's not just Mongo in the
Congo with fa-fa-fas the size of bastards. It's not just the coming of age culture that



basketballs. It's not just the prophets crying lonely and alone in the wilderness. It's not
just the indignity of having to work for some bland nun entity son of a bitch who thinks
workers are property. It's not just the blueness of the wound cleansed by evil. It's not just
the battling eco-freaks who want to go back to nature without realizing that nature is
an open-ditch latrine in midsummer. It's not just some asshole with a pipe and a shit-eating
I-know-more-than-you-do dog grin all over his homogenized face. It's not just the horrible
feeling of being entrapped inside a regimented, devolving world that you certainly never made.
It's not just the doorway to doom. It's not just wanting to know what the hell is really
going on. It's not just the missing H's or the stolen alpha-beta.
No, dear friends, there is more to it all than that. Bob ain't no nickel-dime bum-show.
I put it to you, he's on the square and a corking fine business proposition. He's the
grandest thing yet, and don't you forget it. Shout salvation and fightin' Jesus, you'll
need to rise precious early, you sinner there, if you want to diddle the almighty Bob. No,
he's got cough mixture with a punch on it for you, my friend.
In his back pocket.
Just you try it.
Bob is a clump of mud.
Bob is a tape recorder.
Bob is things that don't always run.
Bob is masking tape.
Bob is a ballpoint pen.
Bob is a rooster.
And Bob is a hen.
Two by one.
.
.
.

.



. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .…
It's overactive like it's supposed to be.
This is the headquarters for the Church of the Subgenius.
I represent a group of scientists who work with but one purpose, to put an end to war.
Naturally, such a goal can't be attained without experts of superior ability.
Men of vision, men such as you, Doctor, gathered here, exchanging information daily,
putting aside all thoughts of personal success.
We hope to achieve exciting new techniques, leap years ahead of the others.
I don't think I need tell you how effective our voices will be when the world learns of our achievements.
Well, there you have it.
Nothing new, perhaps, but then, what is?
However, let me assure you, Doctor, that we are dedicated men and women,
and as such, we can accomplish wonders.
Back any other church! Back any other church!
The Church of the Subgenius! The Church of the Subgenius!
The Church of the Subgenius!
Divine rules! Divine orders!
First rule of the Subgenius!
First rule of the Subgenius!
Too much!
Too much!
It's always better than not enough!
It's always better than not enough!
Can I get her too much?
Can I get her too much?
Why is it always better than?
Why is it always better than?
Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Bob? Bob? Bob?
Bob?
Why is it always better than not enough?
Bob.
But let's leave things of this world behind,
and walk now down the path of Bob for this brief minute of slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Friend, the devil is tearing the family apart.
But what the devil uses to do it with is 9 to 5 jobs!
Conspiracy, corporate, pink situations where mommy and daddy get up in the morning and go to work,
and they kiss the kids goodbye.
It's the first time they see them during the day, kiss them goodbye.
Kind of a simultaneous goodbye and hello.
Then they get home about 7 o'clock, ticked off to use the polite term,
after a long drive back out to the suburbs.
They get home, they kiss their kids hello, and goodnight.
And they go to bed.
And the other churches dare to say the breakdown of the family is cause the kids see a little tittering stupid sexy gags on television.
Or cause the new permissiveness where men are allowed to do things with other men.
That's a bunch of holy hooey I say, my friend.
I say, why not legalize pornography and ban work?
Work is what takes the parents away from the kids.
Most of these kids these days grow up, they don't have parents, they got some kind of robot scarecrows.
And uh...
Oh friend, let there be slack.
Great unwashed!
The hoi polloi!
Venom!
The conspiracy!
The mediocretans!
The bootlifts!
The sames!
The conformers!
Mall people!
Bankers, wankers, and blankers!
Hireers and smilers!
Credit heads!
And the slackless ones!
In short, the remnants of man.
The witless principals who are the false prophets.
I'll get us a contract we'll never forget.
One thing, one thing, guys.
I know that Bob, I know that Bob is a good cause.
Bob took me inside his heart.
And I know that Bob is a good cause.
And I accepted him into my life.
And I'm here to testify, friends, what that man has done for me.
If you can really call him a man.
Many people say he's almost like a god.
I don't think so.
Of course I don't know Bob, but I do know Bob in certain ways.
And I think you understand what I'm talking about.
Yes, Bob.
He filled me with the sort of the spirit I never knew I had.
I knew it wasn't coming from him.
It was coming from inside me.
Bob was giving it to me.
He was laying hands on me from afar.
He might have been up in that great big jet plane.
Or he might have been down on Skid Row giving some bum a haircut.
But all I know is...
It was Bob.
It was Bob.
Bob.
Yeah, he's smiling.
You never see Bob frown.
You know that behind that amazing smile there lies a mind like a steel trap.
I'm sure he makes mistakes like what he did with those young women that time.
But I think the newspapers exaggerated that.
I know that Bob will do all of us fine in the long run.
In fact, I think I know that we really need Bob in our lives.
In our lives.
In 1981.
And in 1984.
Hi little brother.
And in 1991.
And in 1995.
When they bring the conspiracy to its heels.
And in that wondrous year that we know is going to come all too soon upon us.
And we'll leave our earthly things behind.
And we'll go and join the exes from God only knows what strange planet they come from.
If they really even come from a planet at all.


And not some energy star beaming away in the darkness.
Lighting our lives with the technology and the spirituality and the mentality of Planet X.
Planet X coming down to take care of us subgeniuses.
And see that there's a place for us in the world.
And give us our rightful seat at the right hand of Bob or the left hand of Bob.
Depending on whether we're rewardians or mediocrities.
But I don't want to get lost in the dogma.
I want to tell you something that blesses my heart.
And it's Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Yeah I can hear him.
I can hear him talking off there in the distance.
Doug's right Virgil.
We are different.
Soon everyone will be a superior bio species.
Even Doug Smith.
It's the good news son.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm going to tell you something.
Now I ask dear friends those are the things I want to tell you about today.
The very many things.
The things that Bob knows.
The things that you know and when you know.
That you know it.
Because everybody does have that gland.
That mystical Bob gland in their feet.
That one that tells them what to do if they don't even think with it.
But somewhere along in the past.
Man got confused.
And decided to start thinking with his brain.
And when that happened.
Oh, dear friends, that was a very sad time in the history of man.
Because when man stands on his brain and thinks with his feet,
then he'll know exactly which way to go and how to find Bob.
You've got to massage that foot gland.
And the only way to massage it is to walk on it.
Yes, sir.
Ha, ha, dear friends.
You've got to walk on the foot glands for Bob.
Because when you're walking and Bob's talking,
then you'll know all you need to know about what to do after the Holocaust.
After the aliens come and take us and give us all them giant pills
and all them fantastic machines that are supposed to run our lives
and that big white stone that everybody's going to know personally in their very own home.
Ah, yes, dear friends, that stone, that's the stone.
That's the stone that you think you might know
and you think you might know.

And you think it might help you.
But by God's dear friends, that's the stone that's going to ruin your very life.
That's the stone that's going to make you think that Niggy is on your side this time.
Because that stone is going to rule all things.
You think you know who Big Brother is?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Dear friends, I want to tell you tonight, you don't know.
You don't know nothing.
I know.
And...
Among other things, Bog,
I'm doing pretty well with those pills you sent.
Pretty well.
But...
But I can always use more.
And it's because of Ohio and red trucks and they're all gone, Bog.
But that's okay.
I know.
I know.
Because, ah, it has nothing to do with us.

And I want to
Thank you.
I want to thank theies in this community and our family and our community is not talking
walls in the classroom like people yesterday, he could help.
No.
take a dump right here on the damn construction site feed the damn worm yes friend bob is a
natural man and he's made the car directly in front of me have a flat tire a blowout
and say wait a minute devil i'm sick and tired of you always pushing me around i'm sick and tired
of being sick and tired nobody else wants to do it but i'm gonna do it because i feel like i can't
listen let me tell you something the devil may say you can't and people may say you can't but
yes you can you can defeat your enemies you can defeat your giants that's why we miss it so many
times concerning the things of god is because we want to see it before we believe it see someone
has made the statement well seeing is believing now i want to turn that around you see according
to the bible believing is seeing now see
man
i am


System just exactly 180 degrees opposite from God's system. God says
Believing is seeing
Speed 6 a take one row camera slate it
It gets so hard to talk Bobby it gets so hard
Oh
Yep in his hour of need we will provide
Oh
Voices that bang bang bang on the wall and bang on me the inside of my head fog, you know
Oh
And they give me
Oh
Man has something when I come up a stair this morning. I knew that Bible straight
Oh
Oh
I'm not a bad guy
I
Feel like
I want to
Do these things
For you
So
Don't kill me
Don't kill me
Don't kill me
Don't kill me
Don't kill me
Who are those human rights throughout the track area?
Those that's the team from Dallas Doug. There's big guys there in the jerseys. Yes. Yeah, you acts on me. Oh, I see. Yes
They seem to be getting cream because they say
There's a funeral. There's the church bells singling the toll of the dead for this portion
of today's feature entertainment game. Oh, I see and who is this young man scenes awful songs
Looking around this town for Bob Dobbs looking around the sky
Been so out of luck and money
I've been waiting to die
Looking around this town for Bob Dobbs hoping he'll help me out
I've been down in confused. So long now I just wanna shout
Bob Dobbs
Bob Dobbs
Bob Dobbs












Bob! Where are you Bob-Dog?
We were at the Hall High School library today and we put lots of subgenius literature in all of the books.
Bob can stop the aliens from killing me.
Ya ya ya ya ya ya ya.
Bob can save me, but will he?
Well, don't count on it, Buck.
It's Bob.
But, right, you know, we can sit here and talk about it.
You know, it's here, it's Bob.
That's why you need to send us money.
Here at the 17th Church.
Bob, he can work miracles in your life, he can bring us in the running.
He can make a mission. Love, Pete.
Hi.
I've been crying and singing and praying for Bob-Dogs, hoping he'll lend me a hand.
I've been down, confused and broke for so long I can barely stand.
I'm screaming, Bob-Dogs!
I'm screaming, Bob-Dogs!
Help me out, old Bob-Dog!
Hear me shout out, Bob-Dogs!
Help me out, old Bob-Dog!
Bob-Dogs!
There were like long lines of people like weeping and glistening in the rain.
That's because they were carving onions!
That's because their sores were opening!
That's the way we want our third nostrils to open.
We want everyone's pores and their nervous glands to open simultaneously.
Yes, I know.
Okay, can you get with it, baby?
I'm getting with it now.
Okay, it's like a rhythmic thing. It's not a melodic thing. It's not a tonal thing.
Okay, I'm sinking up right now.
Okay, sink in because it's gonna flatten your cracky, woman.
And it's gonna make you dance like you've never, well, I don't know if you've never danced before.
But you're gonna dance all over Stang's tail.
You're gonna pull his neck off.
You're gonna... I forgot what you were gonna do after that.
Well, I'll just wing it. How's that?
Yeah.
Um...
I feel that it's, uh...
People like me are not represented. I'm very disturbed by...
You are very disturbed and I'm gonna recommend that you get some help for your problem.
You are very disturbed.
Like that, you bitch!
You're very disturbed.
You're disturbed too, you bitch!
How dare you trick me like that!
All right. Now go ahead and say what you want to say about drugs.
What are you gonna do, everyone? I say you're gonna play these cheap little tricks.
Well, ma'am, it's not a cheap trick. Everyone listening to you knows you're very disturbed.
How do you know? You ain't the one who's about me. You're very disturbed.
Well, ma'am, all I know about you is that you sit here and you scream all these epithets and you're...
You get way out. You must be on something yourself.
I started to talk and you said talk and the minute I said I'm disturbed about something...
Well, ma'am, go ahead and tell me what you want to say about drugs.
Drugs.
What did you want to say about drugs?
You're not gonna write me.
Ma'am, you've called me every name under the book and you're still on the air.
I didn't call you every name.
Well, just about.
Well, you've been doing the same to me.
I have not at all, ma'am. Go right ahead and say what you want to say about drugs.
I'm disturbed about...
You certainly are.
Me.
Can I say anything? You're gonna... Every time I say I'm disturbed, you're gonna say you certainly are.
Well, go right ahead and tell me what you want to say about drugs.
How can I? There's tremendous resistance up against...
No, ma'am. Go right ahead. I haven't resisted anything you've said thus far. You're still on the air.
You're playing games. Yeah, I'm on the air and I...
Well, that's true. And so go right ahead and tell me what you want to say about drugs.
I have to keep fighting with you and you're not giving me an instant to say what I want to plan to say.
Well, ma'am, if what you've said is not something that you plan to say, then I feel sorry for you. You really need help.
You need help too, you son of a bitch. You want to be kicked off the air.
All right, fine. Now that you've gotten that out of your system, tell me what you want to say about drugs.
I mean...
All right, what do you want to say about drugs?
I'm very disturbed.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, thank God. I'm very disturbed by the fact that people like me are not included in all the statistics.
And who's a person like you?
Someone who gets on and calls people names and cusses at them? Is that the kind of person you are?
I've done it. You've cut me off many times. This is the first time.
Well, is... What do you mean? Is that the type of person you are? Is that...
I don't have control.
Well, you're damn right you don't have control. You don't have control of your faculties. You don't have control of your senses.
Nor do you.
And ma'am, what you need to do is go out and get some help.
But at least I gave you an opportunity and all you did was cuss and swear and carry on.
I feel sorry for you.
But go out and get some help. Call Carla Perez. Perhaps Carla is expert enough to give you some help.
What?
Serpent fruit trees garden fruit tree mist guarding serpent woman dated eyes
God good evil woman tree food eyes tree fruit husband eyes pig leaves aprons
Hey Carl, yeah Graver look at Barry back there
He's playing those drums like a crazy man tonight
Yeah
Yeah for that he will surely burn in hell
Hey Graver that guitar sure sounds great
Yeah thanks Carl I carved it from our old back door
Those knobs are kind of shiny though
Yeah don't tell the person
Okay
Out in the field for 40 days
Plowing and planting and raking the hay
My mule Ezra is pulling the plow
I got him from Carl for some eggs and a cow
I work all day out in the sun
But after the meal we start to have some fun I say
Come on Greta and light the lamps
We're making lots of noise but we don't got no amp
We are an Amish band
We are an Amish band

We are an Amish band
They help you build a barn
Features don't give a darn
We are an Amish band
You know it's cause I'm too lazy to get out of bed and actually go to the living room
and use my regular phone
Oh okay you're on the cell phone huh
Yeah cause I'm too lazy
Wow that's cool
All America is on a cell phone because it's too lazy
That laziness I think is a problem
is very, very...
Cell phones have changed everything.
It's kind of provocative.
You know, slackers are attracted
to that level of laziness.
Something weird happened.
Not that I'm a slacker.
Beyond the show.
I actually...
I'm flossing just for you.
What's that?
I'm flossing just for you.
She's flossing just for you.
Well, I'm really just a slack abuser.
It's really nice.
I'm not a slacker per se.
It's just that when I find slack,
I try to use it to its fullest extent.
I just want to tell her
when she turns her suit toward the...
When you turn your suit
toward the command center,
the signal comes in better.
Yeah.
That's what it is.
You're lying on your back.
You should be on your side.
Then you can look out
over the top of the cockpit
and see the Earth below us.
How do you guys know these things?
Because we're right up above you.
High above Berkeley.
Because we're on the Internet, you know,
and you can find anybody on the Internet.
And folks, remember,
we are going to find the end of the Internet
on this show.
I looked for like four hours.
Yeah.
To try to find the show?
She was looking for the end of the Internet
for four hours.
Imagine that.
She used up four hours of her life.
She'll never get back.
Oh, you were looking for the website
that you can download the show from?
Yeah.
Oh, that was...
Okay, you ready again?
Mm-hmm.
All right.
It's matrix.csustan.
dot edu
forward slash
negative
n-e-g-a-t-i-v
without the e.
If you go there,
you should be able to find
quite a few of the
more recent shows.
And Don's shows are there, too.
Over the Edge.
Much to his chagrin,
but don't tell him
because he doesn't like that.
Well, when you tell him,
just say comma
and their mp3 file.
Don't tell Don.
Remember...
Sometimes you're not
in the best of shape.
Yeah.
You know, so he's kind of
a perfectionist and stuff.
Does it have a www
in front of matrix?
No.
It's just http
colon
forward slash
forward slash
matrix
dot
csustan.edu
slash
forward slash
one forward slash
negative
n-e-g-a-t-i-v
I wonder when they're going to make
this flash, hopefully.
Well, I mean,
they already have
aliases that you can,
you know,
obtain through various
commercial
methodologies.
Puzzling evidence,
Dr. Philo Drummond,
who's also heard in the background here.
The Swingin' Love Corpses
did this music
and the music heard earlier
in the background.
And Dr.
Albert from KPFA
Berkeley.
We heard a bunch of clips
for movies that were posted
by New Monet
and Tesla Coil
and probably other members
of alt.binaries.slack
that I can't remember.
That drugs,
the cut-up drugs thing
was from the National Cynical Network,
nationalcynical.com
and the Amish band thing
was from the Electric Amish.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.


That's electricamish.com.
I don't know who did
the peanut butter and jelly thing.
Hello, Paul.
Welcome to the End Times.
In today's End Time essay,
we will be covering the difference
between the boyfriend
and the bloody head
block of society itself.
As seen here in our first slide, the Bloodyhead Monka Society goes on forever.
There is no end, and there's no use resisting.
Look at those heads fall in slow motion. Just beautiful.
Bouncing down the celestial stairs.
Inside of my house.
The only way to get it there, by God, is with Bob Dobbs.
They tell you in the first paragraph.
And Arnold Palmer's head shall materialize in the space above your sleeping parlor, and it shall indeed be bloody.
It shall be dripping with the residual blood formed earlier in the day when he was without the word of Bob.
What are we going to do about the Bloodyhead of Arnold Palmer?
What the hell are we going to do about the Bloodyhead?
The Bloodyhead of Arnold Palmer, that's what I want to know.
His crimson head.
I've seen it in my nightmares.
I've been seeing omens and signs.
We've got to do something about the Bloodyhead of Arnold Palmer.
These guys are talking bad on Bob.
Neither them nor the Christians we've got to start with.
We've got to do something bad.
We've got to do something.
Paul, stand still.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Shit.
That they can keep awake and be under your bed and inside the water and shooting the waves and rays up at you all the time.
That's right.
But those UFOs, they're flying all over your house.
That's right.
Then they know about Bomba.
And they're going to be dropping the...
...
...doctor...
...expressor...
...for Bob.
...for Bob.
How well do you play your game?
How well could you play?
Chances are you'll never know unless you're fitted with a proper device.
Proper equipment.
Proper equipment now provided by Lemur in the form of this lever.
Finally, I did what I should have done in the first place.
I got acne.
Lever.
Starring Barbara Beaumont.
Hugh Billingsley.
Tony Billingsley.
And Jerry the Beaver.
Dear?
I, uh...
What?
Honestly.
Hey Wally, guess what?
Your heart's getting there, you and I just tick tick tick tick.
Beaver, you got dropping again?
I didn't say you had to.
It's just that he should do something to repay it.
There's no rule against my scoop.
Yes Wally, gee Wally, yes yes gee gee.
Aye aye aye aye aye aye aye aye aye aye aye aye aye.
Okay, I...
Hey Dave, what's the number?
32532595238.
Hello?
234.
Um...
5-8.
Hello Julie?
Yeah...
This is Wally.
Yeah, well um, you know Julie, uh, Wally Cleaver.
Well, um, we'll uh...
Yeah, well um, we'll uh, do something.
Oh, man, what?
What?
I mean...
Oh, yeah.
This is cool.
No girl in the world is gonna settle for a liquid diet.
That's a gentlemanly thing.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?


Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hey, this motherfucker.
Hey, good morning.
He clearly stated that he was a Libra, as often found quite earnestly inquiring about it with a last shake from another planet.
A billion light-years from that very location, in a place called Holy Virtue, is the Joint Trench, a spot for active meditation.
Here, full-blown best-dance-mokey-pie-folios are discussing the finer merits of the most recent batch of Saint Seiya episodes.
As an Ascordian non-Freudian, he made their house in the Trench again, and mocked at the French again.
A retrograded, not-so-human jellyfish was four inches deep in his small dish, which was plumped in cafeteria bacteria.
Selected, collected, and piled high in a petri dish.
Five minutes from now, nowhere near the Trench.
A cat and a priest in a fridge.
A confessional food with a doubtless mind and a whole lot of truth.
He suddenly said his obelisks and went through it, yelling through his toots and pears like a freak in the arts.
While the jellyfish man does what he can to get you off his pews.
A cross-faced, another and completely underrated ape savages the willing aim of a poor, but not-so-positive cucumber-wrapped inductee.
Meanwhile, in his oiled Frisco, he bought sausage.
Tears ruined the perfectly good mascara of a drag queen named Fania, whose friends used to call him Fred.
Back in ROTC.
As the cylindrical midget made him class two, who was often seen to stand in some kind of stealing,
screaming at the top of his little midget lungs as the rock band had done and the disaster's yet to come.
Just that second in Washington, the beat and life of the next getting,
a horribly boring speech to a group of teens, one of whom was well-to-do,
was a certain group of women on the online, like Ricky Bushmere's,
who was too hung to steer, unable to pull the tongue of a Sunday.
Around the corner on the dark side of the moon in an off-block room,
a moodie was clearly a Tuesday-tuned and joyfully-exceptly-dressed slice of pizza with an amazingly well-to-do,
and a little bit of a dance.
Oh, I got it, good eye.
Yeah, yeah.
Ah, my good friends.
Well, that was the El Queso All-Stars.
You can find out more about the El Queso All-Stars at mp3.com,
www.mp3.com slash interbulator.
That's spelled E-N-T-U-R-bulator.
And I heard my mama.
I heard my mama say.
What's she saying?
I heard my, I heard my mama say.
I heard my mama.
I heard my mama.
She said,
Cash, get off of the bathroom.
That's the tens.
It's time today.
And I heard my mama say,
Cash, get off of the bathroom.
And I heard my mama say,
Cash, get off of the bathroom.
And I heard my mama say,
Cash, get off of the bathroom.
Cash, get off of the bathroom.
Say my soul, yeah
If you go outside
If you go outside
If you go outside
If you go outside
We'll make it, make you lie down
We'll make it, make you lie down
I'm not gonna lie
I'm not gonna lie
The lightning and thunder
It makes the world go round
You're gonna wonder
Wow!
You're afraid
You're afraid of us
You're afraid of change
I don't know the future
I didn't come here to tell you how this is going to end
I came here
To tell you how it's going to begin
I'm going to hang up this phone
And then I'm going to show these people
What you don't want them to see
I'm going to show them a world
Without you
A world without rules and controls
Without borders or boundaries
A world
Where anything can happen




Anything is possible.
Where we go from there is a choice I leave to you.
To be continued...
To be continued...
To be continued...
To be continued...
To be continued...
To be continued...
Uncle Burgess Parks did that poem.
I guess he's Reverend Bob Diddley's uncle,
and Bob Diddley recorded that.
And now, The Electric Amish.
For your mule, I'd give three chickens
And my best black son, baby
Pants.
For your mule, I'd let you do-si-do
My wife at her square dance.
For your mule, I'd give you eggs and cheese
I would get down on my knees
I would do all of these
Come on, Mr. Pretty, please!
For your mule
For your mule
For your mule


For your mule


For your mule
For your mule
I could talk about Bob.
Bob can do anything for you!
He can do anything for anybody!
There's only one problem basically,
if you're having a problem
with your cash flow.
If you're having a problem
with your spiritual life.
If you're having a problem with your car!
How about sex,
if you're having a problem with sex?!
If you're having a problem in your car!
If you're having a problem like,
like we had today
where the tire went flat!
And there's a problem...
There's a death
You have the whole and easy to be filled with in your life.
There's only one thing that you can do.
That's reach for your wallet, reach for your checkbook,
and send the money to P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas 306.
140306.
140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
75214.
This will all come to you if you send a dollar
to the church of the subgenius P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
This will enable us to continue with the marvelous operations
which we've known about and we've tried to spread throughout
the Western Hemisphere and change this CFR,
our tribe,
and the entire world.
We have the most trilateralist-oriented goal-reachers
of the beyond-noids getting here in this.
Send, you will get sex.
This is a subliminal message brought to you in care
of the Subliminal Message Corporation.
Sex, money, Bob.
These three concepts will always be linked in your mind.
Sex, money, Bob.
Sex, money, Bob.
Sex, money, Bob.
Yes, this is a continuation of the flow spew that the doctors
of feel-good-ice now got for us here.
You would have been told which Bob to tune to in your area.
And this is not a burned-out, radiance-oriented cult,
ladies and gentlemen.
I don't know.
I don't know.
This is a spouting spew and pumping of great images.
Spew night.
Blimey out.
Nor can you see me.
War.
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
For more information about the Church of the Subgenius,
write to Bob at the O-R-I-N-I-O-S.
1-818-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Or visit the Subgenius website at Subgenius.com.
Thank you for listening and praise Bob.
Subgenius.com.

.
Let's see your grand total with your groceries is
$13,013
God said warm with swarms fly up the sky
God created e-creatures creature waters bird waters seas birds the earth evening morning day living creatures cattle
Creeping things animals the earth the animals cattle everything they eat man fish sea birds die and cattle the earth creeping
Thing that your man's image them them the earth fish bird guy living thing the earth herb seed tree fruit seed food
Animal your bird guy thing food thing made heavens the host God generation heaven dear day God earth heavens plan earth
herbifield rain man ground miss surface ground man dust ground nostrils life and soul garden man ground tree site
Food tree light mist garden tree good evil river water garden their heads first and gold gold good
Crescent onyx stone
Black throated green warbler one
And do you know what happened and do you know what happened again that and do you know what happened and
Do you know what happened?
