This is station ABC, broadcasting the Thailand Review!
From PR news in Washington, I'm Donna Busk.
Before reaching Cuba, pro-government demonstrators are demanding 30% of PR's reports.
Wrong, and 30% 23% for 418 18,000 months of PR news.
On Wall Street 53373, this is PR news.
Residents along the Gulf Coast are preparing for the possible arrival of PR news at Denver's football stadium.
PR comes from social and environmental problems at home and around the world.
I caught a catch in a high-f光
and never took out my gloves.
People are acting like taxis, and in fact, people have become a slowing down country.
don't
If you happen to tune in within the last few minutes and you are wondering about what's going on,
we'd like to tell you that this is a program about
The Self-Genius Power of Swag.
We want to pry into people's private lives to record anything that is really none of our business.
Look inside.
Bob.
I'm not afraid because I'm crazy.
Bob.
Protect the crazy.
This is the way it all started, isn't it?
Freaks like you infiltrating.
Scouting out the lay of the land and then you move in for the kill.
I'm seeing history in the making.
Bad but true.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Broke into the house.
He raped you.
You liked it.
He died.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Just that noisy little…
Hey, let's get the microphone.
Well, you'd be surprised how coherent it sounds when you listen to it today.
We have to clean this mess up.
If she gets excited, this…
Yeah, here.
Cut the bad parts out right now.
Let's not even bother editing right now.


Sniff, sniff.
Fix, fix.
Now it's all better.
Okay, here we go.
Let's do so.
Welcome to the Saturday Morning Subgenius Radio Show on…
Hi, Bob.
Hi, Bob.
Hi, Bob.
Or just kill me children!
With a tried and true video…
plan recording everything's going fine I call some Denver and us we get called
side of the earth on this program we're going to import China to Iowa and build big hills of
what's left over that's a great party down here at the studio I read somewhere once Bob got in a
kind of competition as it were but with L Ron Hubbard over who could recruit the most people
and make the most money is this true well obviously L Ron Hubbard won
that one became here's the reason most people are dumbasses that pretty much explains Scientology
Britney Spears Amy Winehouse and so many many other all television is explained by that fact
so we wouldn't be surprised at anything the humans do yeah and it's hard for us to come up with
things to surprise people
yeah but somehow I always managed to get scared to death by some subgenius almost every day
George strolled away with an earnest and thoughtful air reappearing a few minutes
afterwards with a dead water rat in his mouth as his contribution to the dinner but we all
had good teeth so that didn't matter much as George said there was good stuff in it
a little too rich perhaps
a weak stomach but nutritious then we struck we said the rat should go in George came and had a
look at it all bumps and warts and hollows he said you must scream
presenting first of all sisters
listen little children when you grow up you ought to know what to sing
you'll never be a social blow up but you can show up with being
when you leave your toys in the room swing these intellectual melodies
through me is if you're God you swoon just keepоты
so
coming behind a crane
he will cloud a boat
poppy down
goodbye
I'm
well
well christmas has other meanings hasn't it bob bob bob
forget about it now you should be destroyed again that's right you don't mean right now do you
it's important to us it was my fault but why what's the big deal bob you should be destroyed
bobs
You probably already heard that Dobson has been nominated to the national infamous Slack Hall of Fame.
Just cut me some slack.
The future's so scary.
Wah, wah, wah.
The future's so scary.
Wah, wah, wah.
Just cut me some slack, please.
Wah, wah, wah.
You probably already heard that Dobson has been nominated to the national infamous Slack Hall of Fame.
Just cut me some slack, please.
Will you cut me some slack?
Just cut me some slack, please.
Will you cut me some slack?
Just cut me some slack, please.
C, L, C, C, L, C, C, C.
The future's so scary.
Wah, wah, wah.
The future's so scary.
Wah, wah, wah.
Will you cut me some slack?
Norrell Preff begs for slack, friends.
Before that, the Psychoskeletons did Good King Bob.
And Lemur, of course, did so many of the collages, Christmas with Bob, George there.
Earlier in the show, we heard a Puzzling Evidence opening from KPFA, probably from the 80s.
The Puzzling Evidence subgenius show started in 1982.
And we have a new collagist, Reverend Sweetness McGee, who did the collage right after the titles.
We also had some weird bobbly sound effects up in there from Sodi.
And our background music of this kind is by Lamprey Systems.
But what I'm about to play, friends, is a Christmas song from the Atteries.
Squash in England.
This is our friend Reverend Diva Schematic singing.
Santa's laughter mocks the poor.
Although you'll hear there's another voice right at the beginning, which I trust you will recognize.
Praise Bob.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
I'm Santa, and I endorse this product or service.
Santa's laughter mocks the poor.
It's Christmas time again.
You hear it in the songs of joy promoting fiscal gain.
You see it in the credit cards that platter down the drain.
Cause Santa's laughter mocks the poor, and here it comes again.
Santa's laughter mocks the poor.
It echoes in the night.
A nagging sound that makes you wonder if you've got it right.
Everybody lies awake and thinks there's more to life.
But Santa's laughter mocks the poor, and you're to blame tonight.
Santa, be happy.
Santa.
Santa, can't you hear?
Why don't you record as Santa at this time of year?
Santa's laughter mocks the poor, a liability that taunts you every time you turn on one of your TVs.
Or choose the leather option or a nice Moroccan tee.
Oh, Santa's laughter mocks the poor across the seven seas.
Santa.
Santa.
Santa.
Santa, you're worth about a hundred stars.

Santa, don't you care?
You're watchin' Santa's Porque chipa entire uniform
Santa's laughter mocks the poor, the catchiest of songs
Santa's laughter mocks the poor, the catchiest of songs
If everybody else is singing it, it can't be wrong
You hear it in the news reports of panic in Hong Kong
Santa's laughter mocks the poor, you've known then all around
Santa's laughter mocks the poor, you've known then all around
Santa's laughter mocks the poor, you've known then all around



Santa's laughter mocks the poor, you're watchin' Santa at a jam
They just don't have the clout
To make a difference in the way societies turn out
Share out all the money in the world
We've still run out
Oh, Santa's laughter mops the floor
Of that there is no doubt
Santa, we love you
Santa, don't you care
Why don't you ignore us
Santa, I think I'm on the game
Santa's laughter mops the floor
It's Christmas time again
You hear it in the songs of joy
Promoting fiscal gain
You see it in the credit cards
That plod down the drain
Santa's laughter mops the floor
And here it comes again
A credit card, Christmas, and a happy new year
If it's not worth anything
Then it's blood
Worth having
Remember, children everywhere
Keep your receipts
Here is the Attery Squash
Santa's laughter mops the floor
Santa's laughter mops the floor
You can see what I look like
And what Reverend DeViskey Mata looks like
When you look at that video
It's also on MySpace.com
Slash
The Attery Squash
We're about to expect a call from LonesomeCowboy Dave
But first, The Large
And a little bit of puzzling evidence
A ho!
A no whiffy
Praise Bob
Yeah, I mean it's a giveaway. What can I say? We've got a special
I want you to look especially in our bargain basement. I remember that one, you know, we've got such wonderful bargains here
I think we all take it up for granted
But the customer comes we all use the customer is Keely Plaza here at sub genius department store
And I want each and every one of them not to forget that this job made to I'm the luckiest guy in the world to work
in the lingerie department of the subgenius
Of mcpartain store. Here's a rose for you. A lot of people thought it was a radio show, but it was really a subgenius mcpartain store
Yes, the ladies all the people came down to the mcpartain store and they met hard at each other not the mcpartain store
That's the wordles in their needles and that vulgar chain store
They held their grumman's over their head and whirled them around in the air
every Christmas we set up the model trains for the kiddies on the roof and
there's gizmo the clown and
That jolly old elf st. Nick himself really playing with your party standing there
in Santa's workshop children will be
dandled and not diddled
They'll be dandled around with a little can
They'll be falling into their diddle can with their dandle boy
Meanwhile mighty bargains can be heaved up from the deep
Riddling each other the sub basement where bargains reign supreme in
Pluto's kingdom
yes, and even Pluto will
Cord wangle his his
Vogel
He'll wangle his Vogel. He'll cord wangle his Vogel.
Pluto is giving a party that's where the fun begins
Pluto will cord wangle his Vogel. He'll donate a son and daughter to the mother of the twins
Beep beep beep beep do dah do bo bo be do
oo wa wa
Beep beep beep beep do dah do bo bo be do
oo wa wa
Oh the mist is frisky moon is shining way up in Maine
All the Eskimos are pining for this refrain
When the moon comes over the mountain
Every dream is a memory of
Beep beep beep do dah do bo bo be do
oo wa
la do da dee da dee do do dee do
Tch
Uh, yes
That's from a
An old cartoon called Toyland. I mean a really old cartoon
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and we're expecting the lonesome cowboy to call in any second now. Oh, he's so well
Look, there's a little flashing light
I see his green dial now
Dear doctor, is it not conceivable?
It is conceivable that in a realm as vast as the universe, there is no one who can be the master of the universe.


There is no such thing as vast as space, as vast as infinity, that there is no such thing that there cannot and could never be such thing as an X on your forehead.
Never?
But what about sex on my forehead, Dr. Cowboy?
And blacks?
We don't have sex day, even though you're trying to get it a little more perked up there.
But it's still basically the Xs, not the sexes we have to find.

I'm afraid that we are going to have to have sex with the Xs, because they are the Xs, the Xs, and the Xs.
And they're the ones that we fear and at the same time yearn for.
You know, David is getting close to Christmas time.
Well, as an...
Were you aware of that?
As an avid follower of the crucified child, I know it's right around the corner.
And that's why I'm staying over here, staying away from corners.
Good idea.
90 degree, you know, blockhead.
They can be sharp.
Yep, we've all been abraded numerous times by those little pointy heads.
Indeed.
And we're not going to let them go.


Elves.
Well...
Pointy headed, pointy toed.
That's what they tell the kids, they're elves.
We all know they're little demonic beings who can barely hide their spindly wings.
Now, I heard that there's some sort of problem with the little elves that help make cars for the Detroit automakers and so forth.
They were asking for a loan and couldn't pay the elves.
And the elves were going to have to...
The elves' kids were going to have to go without college educations.
Well, they're...
The old elves have no healthcare and no help.
Yep.
Well, see, the deal is, some of the elves, on the corporate level, not just Santa, who's really a big fat elf himself,
that's the way you want to think of it too, conceivably.
That elf, as Santa, as the fattest, largest, almost human elf of all, has been made fat by the fruits of the labors of others.
And by the labor and the sweat on their brows.
So, I think there's nothing short of a revolution needed at the North Pole.
But, aside from that, just think of these...
Some of them claim to be ascended masters of the Illuminati.
I mean, you don't want elves with that kind of knowledge, especially in that kind of control thing.
I didn't know that the North Pole elves were concerned with that sort of thing.
Well, it's just...
Aside from Claus himself.
Well, Claus is, as you know, the master of the geomagnetic lines of the Earth.
That's why he's situated for the North Pole, and has a jolly throne there where he puts underage girls on his lap.
And that's how his UFO works, right?
Well, if you read your...
Off of the ley lines and the orgasmic radiation from using the girls?
Yeah.
Yup.
That's what I hope we were driving at.
On dancer, on prancer, on...
Blitzer.
Blitzer and Blitzen.
Who did Blitzen? Richard M. Blitzen.
He was the one with the longest, shiniest nose...
Of them all.
Because every time he told a fib, it kept growing.
And then a little leaf spurted out of it, and he...
Never mind.
How would you like to be a president that was famous for lying?
Or for...
Um, dribbling?
That's what we've got right now, isn't it?
Uh, the... Well, no, drooling.
Oh, drooling? Okay.
Clinton was famous for dribbling on blue fabrics.
You know, they don't get remembered for their accomplishments.
They get remembered for whatever was embarrassing.
Gerald Ford was lucky, because he's only famous for falling down a lot.
Well, I remember the... What was her name? That one lady with the funny accent?
Bob Lewald, who said that every president needs a little part of himself in the Oval Office.
And DNA tests can prove what they did with that part.
And it's odd markings.
It makes you wonder if a solemn-faced Marine wasn't facing the other way with his...
Like, you know, at the at-rest position while everything was going on, you know?
Yeah. Carry on.
At all times.
Agent Smith.
Uh...
Uh, choking on pretzel-wise.
You're choking on pretzels, too?
Yeah.
I... They make you hard to lugubriate when you're on a talk show and stuff, but I was just chomping on pretzels, too.
Now, you were supposed to be doing your homework, Dave, for your breakfast.

You were supposed to be doing your brainwashing class, weren't you?
You're not allowed to eat pretzels while you're taking your brainwashing class?
No, that's what I thought you...
No, I know.
You could. I mean, you're not even supposed to be calling the show.
You told me you had to do homework for your brainwashing class.
I took a nice one-hour break from that BS.
But I did learn some interesting things about the proscenium arches and, um...
Our, um... Well, I guess I'm gonna flunk tomorrow.
I guess so.
I guess so. That's all you know.
So they're teaching you modern communication, right?
But you have to cover proscenium arches and the Greek tradition?
No.
The Aristotelian tradition of drama and so forth?
Well, even in... Yes. Yes. Even in the actual communications classes,
I was supposed to learn about those freakin' Greek diner owners back 5,000 years ago, or BCE, whatever the hell it was,
who made up all this crap that we have to do right now.
And then, now in this class, which is actually a theater, or the art of theater class,
I have to, um, learn about the stuff even more so.
And they even talk about those guys. You know?
Now, I remember, Dave, you used to write scripts for Brain Rock Radio Theater all the time.
And now you're taking... You're finally getting around to taking lessons in how to write scripts?
All you have to do to learn how to write a script is look at the book that says,
How to Write a Script.
Go to Borders or... No, that's a commercial message.
Go to not any of those places.
Go to any of those places and get a copy.
Get a book that says, How to Write a Script.
But, Dave, you did it long before you ever looked at those books.
That's true. I did, Janet.
And for all of this, what have I got today?
Nothing but this photograph of Bob.
Oh, but that's all you need, Dave, isn't it, really?
I mean, not that it's gonna keep the snow off of you during the winter.
Well, some of the snow.
Well, it's a faded photograph.
But doesn't it bring you succor?
And the type of sustenance so much more important than a roof over your head or food in your belly?
That's what I thought.
That's what we try to tell people.
That's what we have to tell them.
The love of Bob will warm you, my friend, in the winter.
And it will cool you in the summer because he's so cool.
And when needed, we'll put a fire under your ass.
Yes, he's hot. He's a hot guru, baby.
And he'll cool your brow in those necessary times, too.
With the edge of a samurai sword.
Not really.
We don't do the head-launchings anymore very much.
Not that way.
Try not.
Yeah, we try not.
We're trying to hold the head-launchings down.
The inadvertent wonder.
You know how the kids are, though.
They've got it.
It's like they read it in Book of the Subgenius.
They take it all literally, word for word.
They can't see it metaphorically.
The spontaneous ones, though, are, to me, the biggest problem.
Not just the kids who have no respect for anything.

Even after you've told them numerous times.
It's the times when you're just walking by someplace at a park or a picnic ground or perhaps out there in Brushwood and stuff.
And the head of Bob just goes flying by.
It's just like, you know, when frogs rain.
Have you ever seen them do that?
It's never happened to me.
I've been in a fish rain.
Did you really?
Yeah.
Purple rain.
And I've been...
I was in a freak hailstorm once in Texas.
On a bright, cloudless, sunny July day.
I was suddenly pelted with dangerously large hail.
Well, freakish folk deserve freakish phenomena.
And frogs, yes.
Frogs have been known to fall out of the sky.
And little fishies.
Did they ever dress up like Jehovah One's false witnesses at your door and try and sell you things in suits and coats?

Those as well as the frogs that fall from the sky are all bait that Jehovah One and the other Elder Fisher gods of the universe use to bring us out so they can hook us.
We are being...
Well, Charles Fort said we are being fished for, but I think it's more like we're being shopped for.
Yeah.
Well, it's obvious.
And Bob is the ad agency that's trying to get... sell us.
Well, there's a lot of names behind that.
Not just Bob.
It's Bob Wooderson, Witterstein...
Bob Kahn, Kahnbo, Dobbs Kahn, Dobb Kahn Kahn, Dobbs.com, dot com.
Hunga Dunga.
You left out the most important Hunga Dunga.
The least third of them.
Huh?
I forgot.
Connie's company?
Yeah.
Connie's Perfume Line?
Hunga Dunga, Hunga Dunga, Hunga Dunga, Hunga Dunga and McCormick.
Heh heh heh heh.
Heh heh heh.
I'm looking...
Here at the studio, Dave, I'm...
There's...
There are two monitors in front of the control board.
That monitor you're...
Right.
One of them shows the PSAs, MP3s, which I never play.
And the other one shows the news on Yahoo Group.
And here's the big headline news, featured news on Yahoo tonight is...
Giant Potato is Potential World Record Holder.
That's the headline tonight?
That and Save Big with online coverage.
Coupons codes.
There are so many people out west who have been waiting for the birth of this potato.
It's as if the Messiah were laid asleep in a manger.
And we can only think of this potato not only as an omen of Christmas that we're probably
gonna eat a lot of potatoes, that our Lord, if you wanna call him that, I don't know what
his official title is.
This potato may be the...
Right.
This could be like the red heifer that ushers in the second coming of the new year.

What potato?
Well, it could be the actual potato Christ itself.
I don't know.
A farmer from Lebanon couldn't believe his eyes when he discovered he had grown a prize-winning
tater on his land, he told God on Saturday, saying he was hoping to enter the Guinness
World Records.
This giant weighs 11.3 kilos, Khalil Semhat said at his farm in the Tyre, Lebanon area.
Well, don't...
Maybe pounds or bigger, we're using those foreign words and stuff is definitely not

an American thing to do.
I bet we...
You know, a lot of us think of ourselves nowadays as small potatoes, but I bet somebody in America
grew a much bigger old Idaho red or something.
Oh, this thing, there's a photo of this man holding this huge spud and it doesn't look
anything like a potato.
It's grotesque like a monster.
Yeah, it looks like something that fell from outer space and is gonna start growing.
Then it probably is a religious figure come back to haunt us.
Semhat 56 said he had not done anything special to cultivate it.

He said he had never used any chemicals, but he said he was lucky enough to find a
friend who helped him make love to the huge tuber in the ground in the traditional Lebanon
fashion.
That's weird.
I didn't know that that was the way they did that.
I don't think they were traditionalists at all about it.
From what I've read, you know, I read the Encyclopedia Bittencourt, you know, one of
those larger ones.
It's 24.9 pounds.
He is proud to have grown the enormous specimen on his land.




He's got a huge farm, which took a pounding in 2006 during the war between Israel and
Lebanon's Shiite Hezbollah movement.
So then it's a munitions potato.
It's a munitions mutate.
Mutate, by the way, is the new word for mutant.
A mutate, eh?
Yeah.
I never thought it would come to that.
You don't say it's a mutate.
That sounds so crass.
Isn't it mutate?
I'm a mutate.
Right.
Actually, I saw the first movie to use the word mutate, mutant in it.




And they didn't say mutant.
They said, this world seems to be populated by hideous, deformed mutates.
I thought, that's cool.
Well, that's funny.
I kind of like that.
That's different.
I'm tired of, you know, saying, oh, beautiful mutants.
This is a mutant, one of our servants.
No, it's like a mutate.
This here's a mutate.
We're a bunch of mutaters.
Mutator tot.
Mutator tot.
God.
What?
What?
I think there's a couple of horrible things will befall us.
Well, I can tell you that we have lots of things that I'm not going to look forward
to, because luckily I'll be dead before most of them happen.
But my little grandson will live to see the death of the oceans, for instance.
He'll live to see the last mountain gorilla, the last bonobo chimpanzee, or at least he'll
read about him or experience them in the virtual, plugged in reality.
If they even can afford to get plugged in.
in at that point. Yeah, well, they won't have to afford to get plugged in. They'll be plugged in
and charged later. And then when they can't pay, I don't know what happens when they can't pay.
The point of that Matrix movie was the humans were literally, once they were plugged in,
they were charging. They were being used as human batteries, Copper Top.
Well, that's what I expected them to do. Actually, in reality, that's bad science.
Humans don't make that good of a battery, although they make excellent doormats.
I made a few dollars selling my internal e-ism-ism-ism-ism-ism-ism to the Matrix seats,
and I'm charging them up right now. Dave? Yes? You cut off? The way you said
charging up right now? See, it sounded like a cut. It sounded like I had made a bad cut.
Someone is beeping me, and someone beeped me again, so don't hang up on me because
I'm going to avoid that. I ain't doing nothing.
I'm going to avoid this for the next few weeks. Anyway, as you were succinctly putting
about bonobo monkeys being of equal importance to the world's future as the oceans, ahem,
ahem, ahem, what the hell does that mean? I wasn't saying they were equal in importance
to the oceans. They're much sexier than that. You can't make love to the whole ocean unless
you're Jimi Hendrix, but anybody can have a lot of fun with a bonobo chimpanzee. They're
not monkeys. They're chimpanzees.

They're apes. Great apes.
They go in heat like practically every 35 minutes, don't they?
Right.
They have the same estrous cycle we do, which is all the time if you want.
Right, and when they're feeling hot and sexy, there's this sort of red cabbage-y looking
thing that hangs from their behind. That's, no, seriously.
I think they've just been eating too much red cabbage.
It would make you like to puke. The chimps that you see on TV are all juveniles. A full-grown
female in estrous is so hot you could barely hold her.
Hold your stomach in, really. It's disgusting.
Princess Wee's laughing. It's not funny. It actually looks like that potato. The hideous,
mutated potato is what hangs off a chimpo-bonobo female's backside, and that's what turns
the boys on. And that's nature. This is science. This isn't some kind of sexy talk we're doing.
Well, it is kind of sexy.
Well, beautiful.
What was the allusion to cabbage, dear, that just got me, you know?
Girls like vaginal farts. I mean, they think that's the funniest thing there is. So, just
forget about it.
I'll have to take your word for that, lonesome cowboy guy.
I guess they don't all think it is, but it just seems like the other kind seems crude,
but when they hear themselves make that clapping sound like that, they can't stop laughing.
Or maybe they're just laughing at my body. I don't know.
No, it's...
At least you have a body to laugh at.
That's right. I'm not discorporated yet. At least I can slap myself on what's left of
my back and say, thanks, Dave, for not totally disappearing into the ether. For crying out
loud. Well, that's... I'm sorry.
It's the comparison to the vegetable, you know? Like, uh, my... mon petit chauve-fleur,
my little cauliflower.
Chou-chou-chou.
You know, I mean, these love vegetable names are just, you know, the cabbage and all. Just...
I don't know. It just got me.
Bon petit chou-chou.
I can say it more than that. It's just...
I asked you guys not to talk Russian behind my back.
Love vegetable names. Vegetable love names. It's just...
You know, I think it's really weird. One thing that's especially weird about Bonobos is how
it's like a signpost for the direction we have to go because apparently... I don't know about
yours, Doug. I mean, Ivan. I mean, Larry. What's your name again?
Larry?
Larry?
Mo?
Yeah, I'm Reverend Confused Larry.
Reverend Conferry... Conferry?

I'm Reverend Confirmed Fairy Boat.
Rezily Confirmed Fairy Boat, did you know...
What's his name?
...the sperm count of the... everything and everybody has gone down over the last 50 years
to half of what our grandpappy... our pappies and our kids' grandpappies was?
No.
No.
Speak for yourself. I just counted mine the other day and there's still one of them.
Well, I guess one...
The same one is still hanging there. That one sperm.
That one.
that's all I have left is one sperm.
I'm saving it for the important moment if I ever need it again.
Stan, you've got to let go.
You've just got to let go.
Kick it out of the nest, you're saying.
You're saying I should just...
Man, I've raised a sperm for like 10 years now.
I know your name.
And you want me to just kick it out of the nest.
It hasn't learned to fly.
It hasn't learned to impregnate yet.
It doesn't even know what a girl looks like without her skin on.
It's never even seen a skeleton.
And buying it all kinds of weird gifts on the wall,
purgish knock and all that stuff.
Don't you think that's a little bit too far from here?
I don't want to end up with empty test syndrome.
Yeah, but you've got to let the little guy go.
Just one time.
He'll feel better.
Oh, he'll feel better.
Well, and I understand it'll feel real good when I finally let him go.
But I just...
It's my last one.
You're only born with so many sperms, you know.
And...
And...
I'm almost blind.
I have to shave my palms three times a day.
But I've still got that one little fellow left.
He's mostly deaf.
There's not much hearing left.
You're claiming to have a masturbatory-originated myopia or something?
No, I said I've got one sperm cell left.
Who you call Polly Wally.
Polly, you know, Polly the Pollywog is my cute name for him.
He is a boy, of course.
All sperms are boys.
Well, I don't know what a doctor would say.
Where do these baby sperms come from, Dave?
Do they come from mommy and daddy sperms?
They have to.
I mean, if we were to be logical miscreants, we would have to think that they came from somewhere.
And it takes two to tango, at least in our species, in the whole world.
Unless there's some kind of cell division.
Maybe they're just part of another sperm that popped apart.
You know?
Could that be an...
An...
An...
An...
An...
An...
An...
An...
An...
An...
An...
An...





Each time, if you cut one in half, it grows into two sperms, like a planarian worm.
Behind every good sperm...
Yeah, like one of your planarium jars.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Behind every good sperm is a bossy, herodin-like ovary.
A harpy of an ovary.
Nagging and nagging the poor hen-pecked sperm.
Throwing rolling pins at it.
Another cartoon-like object.
Yeah, it's got wings.
Hail the ovary.
It's the battle of the sexes, man.
It's the eternal battle.
Hail the ovary.
But it's such a beautiful battle.
It's the fight that's so much fun.
Some people say it's a dance, but no.
It's more like a battle.
The beast with two backs, and each back is fighting for its life.
Ah, yes.
And whoever wins first has to take care of the other one afterwards.
That means whoever wins first loses.
Yes.
So that's what...
The political message we need to take from our sexual adventure is that
whoever wins, much like George Bushki on the flat top of the cruising thing there,
wearing his official uniform and so forth,
and the weird cryptic diagrams on his back,
but nobody knows about those.
And just like that, then it's just...
Ergo, it is...
Therefore.
Therefore.
I.E.
I.E. to it, and to wonder.
It is like...
So.
I don't know what was like, so...
Did I say it?
On time?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And you filleted on time as well.
Ah.
So everything's lined up.
Chop, chop, chop.
Dreaded and filleted.
Just the way it should be.
The meat of knowledge, poured out from the wisdom teat of the radio.
Sit back, ladies and gentlemen,
and enjoy the primal breakfast you used to love so long ago.
The breast milk of the radio airways.
Oh, damn it.
Anybody who's able to sit through this,
all the way through this one-hour show,
should get a diploma at the end.
All the way around the sharp corners
that are now chamfered perfectly for you.
Yeah, we try to sand off the edges of this show
so it doesn't hurt too much.
Like those other shows do.
Some of them actually bruise organs.
And we're not talking about the official organs.
We're talking about things that are buried deep below your pituitary thyroid.
But the aerosol act just...
It just bounces easily into your ears.
And it's just lovely in there.
Well, for some people,
remember my daughter says it gives her a headache.
Even two seconds of the hour of slack
gives her like a migraine, a throbbing migraine.
Even if it's pretty, even if it's her favorite song,
if it's being played on the hour of slack
and she hears one second of it,
she's going to get that splitting headache.
It's just a family thing.
A time when she was very little
and she had some peanut butter
jelly and toast and stuff
and was walking by you
and you were being irritating and annoying constantly.
And that is the...
That one moment,
even though your relationship was fine
forever of the rest of time,
she remembers that you are irritating and annoying.
Oh, that's all they remember.
All they remember is the time I sat on
the special Transformers decorated birthday cake.
Oh, they remember that.
They don't remember me picking up,
driving them to school on time every morning.
They just remember me
being late to pick them up
and take them home every afternoon.
They're selective.
You know how kids are.
Critical.
They're mad at you for giving them life.
Yeah.
They are.
They're resentful.
For a while.
Of course, once you kick them out of the nest
and they get a job,
then they love you again.
Like that little sperm of mine.
It's got that teenage attitude.
You know, it's in its preteens.
It's not really a teenager yet,
but already it's got to wear
whatever is the...
whatever looks like a clown outfit
to its parents.
That's what it's going to wear to be cool.
I hope you don't have to teach it to shave.
Well, their hair...
Sperms are hairless.
Oh, well, that makes...
At first.
...everything in life easy.
But then when each...
You know, every sperm starts out so innocent,
hairless.
It's pure.
It's got original slack.
But then it meets up with the ovary
and next thing you know,
it's...
it's...
it's got...
it has to go out and get a job.
It suddenly has to
straighten up and fly right.
Little sperm can't go out
and play pool at the bar
with his buddies anymore.
No, sir.
Got to stay home.
Do tokens sitting around
with little wifey, the ovary.
Until finally the two of them
turn into a great big hairy
screaming creature
called my grandson.
Well, then that's another form
of cell division
is the cell multiplication.
Okay.
See, when you let
little Polly Wally go,
one day what you're going to have to,
you know, you know you're going to have
to get with it
and make some...
I know, I know.
Eventually I'll have to cut him loose.
Okay, now, if he finds
the right surface,
he's going to die instantly.
If he finds the wrong surface,
he...
surface.
He's going to be absorbed
by one of these ovum creatures
that you're talking about.
Well, yeah, right.
It's like the life for a sperm,
their life expectancy
is not great.
They can either plunge
to a freezing cold death
on the bathroom tile
or maybe at best
use as a sort of glue
between pages
in a convenience store stroke book
or at best
they get absorbed
by the ovary woman
and turned into a thing,
a screaming, sucking thing
that goes...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...


But they're so cute.
...and all you were looking for
was a fuzzy sock.
Are you gonna change anything?
How do I do that?
Just for a wit,
put your hands down there
and pull those...
and unsnap those things there.
Now, pull the diaper back slowly
and...
...
...
Now, to really change it,
you've got to make
and a member of the Church of the Subgenius.
Yes, friends, and if you're interested in the Church of the Subgenius
and the scientific evidence that we've been presenting tonight,
you can always look up subgenius.com on the Infranet.
Or you can write to Post Office Box 181-417.
What?
What?
Cleveland Heights, Ohio, 44118.
The Subgenius Foundation Incorporated.
I was always wondering about that address, Cleveland Heights,
and I thought it would be funny if it were changed to Cleveland Loads.
Heights, Loads.
You know, it's great.
It's kind of a double bad thing.
Heights, Loads, you know, high and low.
Oh, you're right.
Heights and Loads.
The Cleveland Loads.
Yeah.
No, that's bad.
I'm very, very bad.
No, I have...
I'm not good at calling.
I feel bad now.
It's all right, Dave.
It's really, really all right.
Everything is all right.
You're mostly all right.
You're the most all right of all.
All all rights.
I'm all right, most of all, right?
All right now.
All right.
It's going to be all right.
It's going to be all right.
Hey, you know what I'm worried about not being all right?
No.
If the incoming DJ, radio show, professional radio show DJ,
Dr. Sinister, for instance, were to buzz the new station buzzer,
since we're both in headphones, would we hear it?
How would like to inform you, Reverend,
staying that Dr. Sinister is in the house?
Oh, he is.
He's in the house.
Oh, well, that's so good.
Because while you were all occupied with talking with Dave,
I went down and let him in.
You mean you left this place and went down and came back without me even noticing?
I most absolutely did.
Oh, wow.
You know, I might as well just chop off my eyes and ears
and just plug my brain into the right recording devices
and just...
Just do nothing but show forever,
because I didn't pay any attention to anything else.
You said you was going blind.
You remember that plain as day, don't you?
No, I'm losing my memory.
I don't have a...
What are you talking about?
My memory's shot.
I don't remember telling you I'm going blind.
I just remember...
I don't even remember being able to see in the first place.
I can barely remember hearing.
I'm just guessing what you're saying.
For the hump and love of cripes,
you've said you're going blind and you're losing your mind
and lost your memory.
You can't hear.
You can't hear what somebody just said
when they poked you in the ear.
Now, go...
Crying, crying, crying.
What's wrong with you, man?
We're being abducted by aliens,
one little piece at a time.
I knew you were going to say that.
You always do.
Yeah, I have got an answer for everything.
Everything's stupid.
If I hadn't seen parts of you and Wee's body
just, like, disappearing instantaneously in front of me,
I would say you are full of BS,
but I have seen it, so...
It is true, I guess.
Uh, making something disappear isn't really the trick.
The trick doesn't pay off until you bring it back, you see.
That's the trick.
Anybody can make anything disappear.
But bringing it back, that's what you call the prestige of the trick.
That's where the golden stroke is.
That's where the happy lumber lies at the edge of the trail.
I don't know, something about a bird or something huge,
something huge.
Falcon-like bird?
No, two tiny little yellow chickadees.
And one of them dies in the cage,
and the other one flies around and makes the audience go,
oh, what a wonderful magic trick.
He made that bird disappear and come back.
But actually what he did was smush one bird
and release another one that looked just like it.
You see?
And that is how the conspiracy works.
Not just the politicos and the big businessmen,
but the conspiracy in your own head does that.
It holds out...
It holds out two things that you can either believe this one thing that's true
or believe this other thing that you like.
Which one are you going to go for?
It's kind of like a spiritual, psycho-spiritual version of Sesame Street
when they say one of these things is not like the other.
One of these things is not the same.
And that's when you see your old mommy and daddy turn into monster heads.
As a matter of fact...
You have been fabricated and reused numerous times.
Well, I was talking to my pappy just today,
and he said, I don't...
He goes, I don't believe anything until I need to.
I thought, wow, that's pretty honest.
That's pretty honest.
Well, gee, that's the only one that makes sense.
That explains why he likes Rush Limbaugh so much.
He didn't believe anything until he wants to believe it.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
Yeah.
Well, that's where old Flesh is at.
I don't think Flesh even...
I think he just gets that big fat check,
and he's just such a hedonistic, egocentric swine.
He doesn't care if the whole world goes to poopy
while someone likes his however they can.
Speaking of that,
you wouldn't happen to have any of those little pills on you, would you, Dave?
Those roll-on big, oh, kind of a Cleveland joke
that older people would say roll-on big.
I'm talking Vicodin, Oxycontin, Oxycodone even.
I'll take that.
I'll take that.
Hydrocodone, whatever you got, man.
V's nose, cortisol.
I only need about 100,000.
I'm a conservative talk show host.
You know, I have pain.
I'm going to play golf after I inject this Vicodin into my brain.
Well, we should talk.
Dave, I'm taking drugs even as I talk
because I'm eating a mint furry jolt.
Caffeine energy mint.
A mint furry jolt?
It's the very last one that I had.
In this little can.
Yes, it says what?
It's furry?
It says mint furry jolt of caffeine.
Five equals one cup of coffee.
Mint flurry.
Did you ever drink like maybe four or five bottles of NyQuil?
Five, six, seven, maybe ten bottles of NyQuil
like in a real quick period of time?
That's a lot of dextromethorpham, Dave.
Yeah, it could make, you know, make sure,
make sure that verticals get like a dizzy and stuff.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I had that.
I had that.
I had that.
Do you have that?
I had that.
I wish I had that.
We are from Brazil.
Do you have children?
May I inspect them?
I have that.
Let me inspect your children.
We are from Brazil.
We are doctors.
We have that.
You speak English.
It's the ancient language of my countrymen.
And the hidden nuances are not hidden to me.
I noticed that you said your children are fat
with two dots after the,
that your children are,
may I inspect your fat, Dr. Weissmuller?
Is that what you said?
And now it's time for the obituaries.
You may not inspect my children.
We lost two famous monsters this week.
Some of you may not know, but Forrest J. Ackerman,
the editor of Famous Monsters of Filmland magazine,
which was more important to many of us than the Bible,
believe you me, and certainly more influential, died.
Supposedly the originator of the title, the genre, science fiction.
Yes, he invented the term sci-fi, not science fiction,
but the bastardized term sci-fi was coined by Forrest Ackerman.
Forrest Ackerman.
I actually shook his hand one time.
He was giving me a film award when I was 18
for best amateur crappy movie at the Fantasy Fair in Dallas.
And I was such a snotty 18-year-old that I didn't even,
I felt like I'd outgrown monsters.
You know how it is.
It's like, well, I've discovered rock and roll,
so I don't need monsters.
You know, the funny thing is,
I don't listen to rock and roll hardly at all anymore,
but I watch a monster movie every night.
See, your glands haven't really changed
since that first time you exchanged glands with Forrest Ackerman.
And I finally have admitted that.
Oh, the other person who died was the great actress Beverly Garland,
star of such movies, bulldata classics as The Neanderthal Man,
It Conquered the World, Swamp Women,
Kuruku, Beast of the Amazon, and Not of This Earth,
as well as The Beginning of the End.
What we might really call a B-girl.
Yes.
So we say goodbye to Beverly Garland, the B-girl.
That was another movie she was in, The B-girl,
versus The Wasp Woman.
That was a great one.
As this show gets older,
the obituary section is becoming more and more
a firm portion of the program.
Every live hour of Slack, we've had obituaries.
You're right.
Because they're dropping like flies.
The greats of bulldata, both advertent and inadvertent,
are peeling off from this earth plane
and meeting the exes prematurely.
Actually, Forry Ackerman was 92 years old.
Luckily, yes, he did go for a long time.
But what we see is that our heroes are aging
as much as some of the soft fiber in our shoes
and the meaty part there.
These heroes are...
And the old song is,
No more heroes anymore.
No more heroes anymore.
And that brings us to the...
Whatever happened to...
Well, it brings us to the end of our show.
We, the heroes of this show,
are about to die and go away
and be replaced by another show.
Hey, watch how you say that.
We.
In fact, I have a tape from the other show
that I'm going to use to close this show
because it's very apropos Christmassy commentary.
So, Dave, what this means is we're going to hang up.
Well, not if I hang up first.
Okay, you and your hangups.
Look, there he went.
That was it.
Is that really it?
Yeah.
Okay.
And, friends,
we're now going to cut to three years ago at Christmas
on the Radio Synesthesia program.
Thank you.
I don't understand all this argument about Christmas.
I never associated Christmas with Christianity
when I was growing up.
To me, it was always about Santa Claus
and greed,
satisfaction,
satisfied greed.
Yes.
You know, the moment that you see the presents under the tree.
Now, I disagree with you young people
who think that there's no Santa Claus.
Oh?
Yeah, I really do.
Because, for one thing,
the time when you hear the great lie
that you're, like, say, eight years old
and your parents just can't bear to see you being that naive anymore
and they say,
you know, there's Santa Claus is really us.
You probably guessed that by now.
And it just absolutely breaks that kid's heart.
That is some of the most valuable education
about growing up that they'll ever get.
Yes, even your parents will lie their asses off to you
as if for your own good.
But, you know, you remember back to those times
of sparkling magic
when you came down the stairs
and there were,
you know, those presents under the tree
unless you were poor
or Jewish or something.
And in that moment,
it was so wonderful.
And then when you actually opened up the presents,
by the end of the day,
you were already bored with them
or had broken them
if you were like most kids.
And that's another important lesson.
That it's, as Bob said,
it's going to be a bummer, man.
It's going to be a bummer.
That was really,
our happy holiday thought for everybody.
Well, thank you for sharing your thoughts.
I'm planning to have merry, merry holidays as always.
And we'll be playing the Christmas reruns,
which is the tradition at Christmas.
Actually, personally, I celebrate Mithrimus.
You, what?
I'm an old-fashioned kind of guy
when it comes to the holiday season.
I celebrate the birthday of Mithras.
Oh, the Mithra.
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Mithras.
Well, and...
His birthday was December 25th,
long before Jesus got that birthday.
Well, technically, as a subgenius,
I'm celebrating Existlessnessmas.
Exmas.
Well, no.
Existlessnessmas.
It's...
We are Existless.
The Exists have not arrived
from outer space to save us.
And this is the time of year when we go,
maybe that's a good thing.
Mm-hmm.
Who knows what Bob really has in store for us?
So we celebrate Existlessnessmas,
but we...
What am I?
I don't think...
Anyway, you know what I mean.
And yet, I can still say Christmas,
and everybody knows what I mean.
That holiday that has always existed
throughout Western civilization,
and I guess everywhere else in the world,
in the middle of winter,
they always get as drunk as hell
and stay up all night
and do outrageous, goofy things.
You know how they knew Jesus was the Messiah?
And get their hearts broken.
You know how they really knew he was the Messiah?
This is going to sound kind of ridiculous,
but I've seen some nativity scenes,
and that's with, like,
an anatomically correct baby Jesus.
I thought it was when he got up and flew around.
He was born circumcised,
according to this one nativity scene I saw.
Oh, really?
I mean, I'm sure not every nativity scene says that,
but, like, I saw one where it's like...
Surely he is the chosen one.
He must be, you know.
It was said one would come who was without skin
before being cut.
That's right.
And he didn't...
He wasn't screaming.
He just sat there happily,
playing with himself.
Yep.
The little baby Jesus had discovered,
the tool of the preacher,
upon...
Well, think how scratchy that hay was,
and that manger and all that.
Yeah.
Yeah, and that's what gave him his masochistic streak
for the rest of his life, you know?
Considering that, you know, if the Trinity is really true,
he chose the fate for himself,
because it was all part of the divine master plan, right?
So that means he chose to get crucified,
he chose to wear a crown of thorns,
all because he was in that itchy straw manger,
and boy, did it feel good.
Well, the part of him that was God
knew exactly what was going on all the time
and knew what would happen
and knows what will happen all the way up to Judgment Day.
And he had a severe Oedipus complex, too, you know?
Because not only did he go through his entire life
believing his mother was a virgin,
but in fact, the only sex his mother had ever had
was with him in his other iteration.
You know, that's kind of sick.
It's the family values of the Bible.
It's a beautiful story, though, really.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I guess...
I can go into...
You know, when God incarnates in a human being,
for him, that's like when we go to a movie.
We go to a movie...
Well, maybe that's kind of like slumming.
For two hours, we're Indiana Jones.
Yeah, that's like slumming.
Okay, God goes to Earth, and for 30 years, he's Jesus.
And that may have been one where, when it was over with,
he went, whoa!
Man, that was scary!
Well, you know, I think I'll save for another week.
You know, actually, two weeks from today will be Christmas Day,
and I will be on the air.
Yeah, yeah.
I was...
I'm going to...
Unfortunately, I've got to be out of town.
Well, fortunately for me.
And so I have to leave a rerun there, but...
So one of these days, I will tell a story of why that's...
I will explain why I don't think that is such a heartwarming story,
unless you're an absolute sadist.
Well, it's a story designed for losers,
because the meek shall inherit the earth,
and those rich guys are all going to fry in hell,
and it's okay if you're poor, because you're good,
and you're going to go to heaven.
Well, you know what?
I say...
It's made for losers.
I say the geek shall inherit the earth.
And with that, I'm afraid we're going to have to part right now.
Six to an even, over and out.
Over and out.
Thank you very much.
Be we are.
Be we are.
Be we are.
Our guest there was the Reverend Ivan Stang,
Sacred Scribe number 278, I think, or is it 273?
I can never remember.
One of those Sacred Scribes of the Church of the Subgenius.
