It begins.
When you and Connie first split up, I understand.
I ended up being the same person.
She was running, and we did.
How did you do that?
Connie, what does your husband think about your relationship?
We're friends, that's it.
Kenwin thanks you for pledging to your favorite show on our recent pledge drive.
He just wanted us to call him Captain Doc.
He said you could call me Doc.
We've all been there.
We've got plans for you also.
Yeah.
They must have tightened, you know when they do the saline solution, they tighten up around the ribs.
Yes, he is in hell.
Oh my god.
Too bad, he was such a fine noble savage.
Wasn't he?
Wasn't he?
Wasn't he?
Yeah, we've all been there.
I don't understand.
I don't understand.
Neither do I, Frank.
You take a rabbit and you eat them and you stuff the air in them and you put them in the guns.
You stuff the air in the rabbits?
Yeah, in the rabbits.
And then the rabbits, you know, wow, man, have you ever seen the rabbits, man, flyin' across the freeway.
Pink noises, blowing in the night.
On New Years Eve.
Heavy.
Not hitting nobody.
Not even Pierce.
Love you.
even hitting on nobody, man.
Not even begging like they do most of the time
for the rabbit's fun. Those rabbits, man,
though they are screaming up the whole park
with this begging. How is that?
Well, man.
Oh, Daddy, oh,
you're so crazy.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part
of and registered in your
subconscious mind.
Every time you say
see, hear,
or think.
What about Slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire
message without your being aware
of it.
And now,
the self-genius
hour of
Slack.
A universe where anything
is possible.
A universe
of many gods often
in conflict.
You have to
believe in the biblical
explanation
about
God
supposed to have
blown
in or breathed
into the dust
and from this came
forth man.
Too simplistic,
but a story
of a sort of
child's fairy tale.
When she made it
with the dust,
what came forth
was water.
Water.
The living water.
Water that contained
the minuscule beginnings
of critters.
Crawling little things.
And she nurtured them,
took care of them,
and interbred them
to finally,
create
things out of all the

Whatever kind of

you see.
Daggers at
an
almost
10
year old,
is solamente
a
gift of nature.
Not a Leonardo, for me,
I've been up all night and starting to see things.
Like, well, heck, you know how sometimes when there's only a little bit of light in the room
and pictures on the wall start to get wavy?
Are you smoking, Fromm?
No, absolutely not.
It's just sleep deprivation.
Could something be making me hallucinate?
Nice touch.
I'm a writer, and this helps me write sometimes.
But I'm not writing right now.
I'm trying to sleep.
It's not working.
So I turned it into...
So...
Would you like us to turn our show down?
Is that what you're saying?
No, not at all.
It's really neat.
I like it a lot.
It's actually healthy.
It's actually nice.
The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station...
Oh, this one.
...and only in the city of...
Right around here.
...should any other shows be heard...
...right around here.

...or contacted in the course of this show.
The listener is advised to remain calm
and only contact listed or unlisted officials
in the event of any material from this radio
or other listening device being inhaled during broadcast.
Small animals or other children becoming exposed
to the ultra-high or ultra-low shocks and brain frequencies
constantly scanned throughout our program
should seek shelter in an approved safety unit only.
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you
that it's often a photon that light releases,
but truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Not everyone.
Just people smelling.
And they smell bad.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
We are the brain-free society.
Self-indulgent, it's a matter of taste.
We're a living, breathing example
that a brain is a terrible thing to waste.
We are brain-free.
Yep.
And this here is insane.
A five-year-old Chinese boy...
...record high temperatures in the region aggravated the...
...situation. ...inexplicably burned...
Hey, wait a second, is there one last time, "'cause I'm...
I remember how long you And the
mortgage you now have?
10 hours to go.
The first yelled...
10 hours to go?
20 hours.
Me?
bedwetting and narrowly missed setting his grandmother on fire when she got too close.
Everyone was terrified to go near him.
For Goofball Radio, this is Ralph Fielding Schnell.
Yeah, okay, now we're talking to Granny now about the birth of the little boy.
See if you can get anything out of her.
I couldn't.
Oh, God.
You know, I think we just had a bulletin in from the subgenius something or other.
It's the sad show.
That laughing gas again.
It's a very sad moment here on the show.
Come on.
Oh, sorry, I put these feathers away.
I should be crying and you're making me laugh.
It's a sad moment here on the show.
We don't like to make fun of things.
And, of course, pregnant men.
Hi, this is Gouin.
Anybody call for me?
Were the awesome megaliths of Europe erected on Earth energy centers not long ago, but since forgotten?
I forgot.
Where were you, pal?
I forgot.
Why do powerful magnetic fields and ultrasound continue to be recorded near them?
One in five general motorists actually enjoys being stuck in a traffic jam, according to a survey in the Hamburg-based BAT Leisure Research Institute.
Can we ever decode the hidden meaning of Ohio's Great Serpent Mound?
Why have the pictures of Pahuvastan been etched by a knife?
The opening lines, in a sense, mislead.
Last week, in another part of the city, a human head turned up.
It no longer owned a body, sealed in a plastic bag and swaddled tightly in cloth.
It was being used by some boys for football.
Doesn't it make you tense right up?
What ancient wisdom remains locked inside the seventh wonder of antiquity, the Great Pyramid of Egypt?
Is it a mammoth tomb?
If so, why has no mummified mammoth ever been found within its walls?
The leaders of the superpowers of the world...
gathered at the United Nations in heated conflict.
And as they were about to walk away from the table,
everyone in anger, and launch a full-scale nuclear war,
a spacecraft appeared in the skies,
and an alien beamed down into the middle of the General Assembly of the United Nations.
And he said, you know, we have planted you folks here on this Earth millions of years ago.
We've let you evolve.
We've waited for you to reach the space age as you're reaching today,
and you're on the verge of destroying each other.
Something has gone wrong, and we are going to come back
and show you how to take this next step in your evolution
and start a new age on this Earth.
I think everything was so.
The popular story goes, because they overfed themselves.
Believe it or not, it doesn't make any difference.
She was out.
She was out to get a critter with the appendages,
to finally have evolved over the centuries.
A critter with the appendages that could carry out her will.
A will that's demanding a critter be able to build and manipulate the extension of the brain.
Of the brain.
The knowledge center which she instilled.
The will.
The initial living will.
The selling of a religious and non-true weapon.
Well, I'm not.
Yes!
People have been mindless since the world began.
You see, it's perfectly alright.
Who cares about life if that is just in the real world?
We demand our human rights.
We are brain free!
This here is insanity!
I got three legs of leg and three sparks of spring as my brain
sploomed out into the avacron nova somewhere in the middle of the Cygnus.
I got one of those little red race cars that have a big head.
And you can tell from the back.
You know, you can tell with a little U-dot generator, I mean a little microviolet generator.
And I got one of those.
I had the hippopotamus removed and sent to me from a friend of mine who's working in Kenya.
I had him assured there.
And he said, what the hell?
These things are not intended.
So why not just go and take a big chainsaw and lop off one of the feet and send it to old Lone-Tree Cowboy Dave back in Cleveland.
But he's still trying to act.
Okay, now don't forget it.
Okay, now don't forget it.
Okay, now don't forget it.
Okay, I'm smoking the snot.
Rubbing the grass.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Thank you folks.
Come on.
Thank you folks.
Squeal.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
I guess I should make some personal contact with you real quick and let you know that you've been listening to so many different subgenius tape contributions.
We have so many for you here.
Um.
Going back.
Going backwards in time.
Let's see.
Brain rot theater.
By the way, what I've been calling Lonesome Cowboy Dave show, really I should have called it Brain Rot Theater.
I knew it as Lonesome Cowboy Dave Show because, well, somebody told me that was what it is.
I knew Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Anyway, Brain Rot Theater out of Cleveland.
And hopefully we'll get to the Rudolph Hitler Christmas show they did tonight.
So I'm going to hurry through this.
Uh.
The music Brain Free 7 by John Bartles.
More John Bartles coming up.
Also known as Joe Schmo.
That amazing stuff about she who evolved the critter to build the pipe.
We still don't know, friends.
Uh.
Some KPFA news from Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence.
Puzzling Evidence and Dr. Howell show.
That's, uh, there's more of that coming up.
Uh.
Of course, Bleepo Abernathy is our official announcer.
You heard some KHSU shows.
Uh.
Bits there from the fellow who, the caller who was seeing things.
And, uh, little bits of Media Barrage by Reverend Nick Nolan.
Some really rare Firesign Theater, which will also pop up again.
And, uh, some Joe Newman, of course.
Which, uh, and So So Dada on sound effects.
Even Dave Flugelwitz on sound effects.
But, friends.
Friends.
I have an announcement to make.
Uh.
Yes.
And this is not.
A
Specifically你們出 and
Please, sir, do you have anything about my financial case?
Oh!
Watch what you say to me.
That was very heavy sound effects.
You know, the United Nations right now is meeting,
trying to limit the use of violent sound effects.
You got a big nose.
You know, I think KCFA should be a little more serious.
I wake up in the morning and I turn you on.
I'm an original subscriber.
And you're disrespectful of your listeners.
In what way?
You know, I'm quite serious about this.
Well, which listener are we not respectful of, properly speaking?
Well, if you wake up in the morning and you come into the station,
you should listen that your readers, your listeners should be intelligent.
Well, we can't affect that.
Intelligence.
Our listeners should be intelligent.
We can't affect their intelligence level.
You could try.
Well, how?
Will you teach them terrible things?
You could try by being intelligent yourself.
Well, we attempt to educate them, but they just won't learn.
You don't seem to be talking about anything serious,
like peace, like understanding, like consideration,
like education, like stuff like that.
This is a peaceful.
This is a warlike situation.
Uh, no, I don't think it's peaceful.
I think it's silly.
It's not warlike.
It's not warlike.
You complain about silliness?
What about the laugh?
It's ridiculous.
The ecstatic laugh in the fields of the Lord.
Rolling in the fields of understanding and peace here.
Oh, don't be silly.
Well, you want us to be unnaturally grave, grumpy, solemn, gloomy, long-faced, slant,
jorged.
Honey, you're not even funny.
Well, we're funny-looking.
That's worth something.
Why don't you try to defend yourself?





Well, you can say it's funny, but you can't tell if you're funny or not.

Well, I mean, we're a little humorous.
And we're a little humorous, too.
Well, we're aqueous and vitreous humor.
We're trying to grow a lump for us.
That's your idea.
But you are not humorous.
You are silly.
You are cannibalizing.
Well, I'm sure that some of our callers may agree with what this caller has to say, and
marginally, like all such complaints.
That's why people like Chris and Philip, for instance, is that they're very serious.
You know, I'm a princess.
You're a princess.





We go golfing together, and I go water skiing with his lovely wife.
It's time to get personal now.
What inspires you to attempt to modify?
I used to work at KPSA, and I'm 72 now, and I have five children.
Well, I hope they're listening to our program, too.
The thing that impresses me about you young people in the morning is that you're so frightened that you're silly.
Well, but we're actually old as the hills. We're not young.
Ah, she just couldn't take the blinding truth.
I have waited so long for such a call.
I must say, it's pretty low when people call up and pretend to be old,
when they're actually young hippersnappers and spring chickens.
They can't fool old grandpappy.
Does that sound kind of foolish to you?
You know, you're not funny, and you're not serious, and you're just silly.
I'm sorry, honey, you're just silly.
He's the boy.
I worked at it.
You know, the thing I've noticed about you young people is that you're just, you're silly.
Oh, come on, we're serious.
This is an absolutely serious show.
No, you're from Sirius, not Alpha Centauri like most people think.
A mysterious object from the depths of space.
We don't make any jokes.
We don't ever make fun of things, and we're serious.
I'm 106 years old now.
I've got 25 great-grandchildren.
Hey, didn't you accidentally cut off your hair?
Oh, no.
You're funny, and you're not serious.
Oh, no.
What is funny, and what is serious?
It's partly evidence.
It's partly evidence.
I re-edited that call.
Do you want to hear the re-edit version?
All right, yes, ma'am.
Let's shut this down.
You know, I think KCFA should be a little more disrespectful of your listeners.
Hey, honey.
Your listeners should be silly.
Well, we attempt to educate them, but they don't learn.
You don't learn.
You don't learn.
You're notahnann 있어요 ничего.
You don't learn to be talkaittinh about anything that's silly.
Silly.
Silly.
It's not like you may make sense to m.
tacosanА
You're pushy.
lobbial
cev Vaccifty
You're always the same you're the same now.
I?
apply
I'm not do standards anymore.
I'm commonplace.
I feel court.
I canlighpottild.
and prestige. I want ratings and success. I don't give a damn about you or the world.
That's the truth. But if I could say I'm sorry, then I won't. Why should I? I mean, who the
hell are you anyways, you audience? You're on me every night like a pack of wolves
who can't stand facing what you are and what you've made. Yes, the world is a terrible place.
Yes, cancer and garbage exposures will get you. Yes, a war is coming. Yes, the world is shot to
hell and you're all goners. Everything's screwed up and you like it that way, don't you?
You're fascinated by the gory details. You're mesmerized by your own fear.
You revel in floods, car accidents, unstoppable diseases.
The happiest wonders are pain. That's where I come in, isn't it?
I'm here to lead you by the hand through the dark forest of your own hatred and anger and
humiliation. I'm providing a public service.
You're so scared. You're like a little child under the covers. You're afraid of the boogeyman
that you can't live without him. Your fear of your own lives has become your entertainment.
Next month, millions of people are going to be listening to this show and you have nothing
to talk about. Marvelous technology is at a disposal. Instead of reaching up to new heights,
you're going to see how far down we can go. You're going to see how far down we can go.
How deep into the muck we can immerse ourselves.
What do you want to talk about?
These last thoughts? Your pet? Orgasms?
Pathetic. I despise each and every one of you.
You're nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.










Nothing.
No brains.
No power.
No future.
No hope.
No God.
The only thing you believe in is me.
What do I really have in me?
I'm not afraid, see?
I come in here every night.
I make my case.
I make my point.
I say what I believe in.
I tell you what you are.
I have to.
I have no choice.
You frighten me.
I come in here every night.
I tear into you.
I abuse you.
I insult you.
I just keep going back for more.
What's wrong with you?
Why do you keep calling?
I don't want to hear anymore.
Stop talking!
Go away!
You're a bunch of yellow-bellied, spineless, bigoted, stupid, stupid punks.




You're a bunch of weird, quivering, drunken, insomniac, paranoid, disgusting, perverted,
voyeuristic, little, obscene phone callers.
What the hell with you?
I don't need your fear and your stupidity.
You don't get it.
It's wasted on you.
What's wrong?
So sad.
I'm going to go to bed.



So fresh, the days that are no more.
Tears, idle tears.
I know not what they mean.
Tears from the depths of some divine despair rise from the heart and squirt right out the
eyes.
When looking only happily at the views and thinking of the days that are no more.
Two days later, he killed himself by hammering two five-inch nails into his head.
Fresh as a sunbeam glittering on the sail that brings our friends up from the underworld.
Here they come, Al.
Sad as the one that trembles on the verge before it sucks them all back down again.
I'm going to take those nails away while he's trembling there.
I think that's a bad deal.
So sad, so fresh, the days that are no more.
Ah, brain-burned hours as in dark summer dawns the earth.

The earliest pipe of half-awakened birds which see to dying eyes a dying show which
in the listener's ear doth fade and fade.
So sad, so fresh, the shows that are no more.
So how goes the show?
Well, it wanders mooing throughout the pastures, up the hillsides, across the meadows, over
the stills, and the hillsides now.
It is buried deep in the next valley of glades.
Oh, spooky!
Oh, yeah, Jim Jones' rocket party.
That's right.
Yes, that's right.
You see, we trap deuterium in the form of a plasma.
It's an ionized gas and confine it within a powerful magnetic field right here in the studio.
The gas is then heated by bombarding it with energy.
Now, when we get the temperature of this plasma up to a...

At least 50 million degrees Celsius, this process becomes self-sustaining.
And the energy of the emitted neutrons can be captured as heat.
And in turn, we use that to power our vehicle.
...positive by the otherness of the 911 instructions that are included in the warhead.
Yes, the itchiness of the scratchiness and the richness of the water.
Well, I'm having a major heart attack right now.
I'm going to call 911.
Excuse me.
Oh, no, no, no.
Wait a moment.
You know, it's all in the mind, you know.
We are the 57th!
We are living we shall!
And away is a terrible thing to wait!
Can you think space and time are everything?
All encompassing.
But whether or not you think it or not...
Does it matter?
What is the reality?
To discover the reality of anything, we have to find out certain...
Certain... facts.
And the most important fact in any scheme...
...is to find out what the end result of the scheme is.
Something is trying to get through to us.
The moment person out there had any idea what I was talking about, I...
Your mind.
It is the center of your life.
It is everything you hear.
Everything you see.
Everything you hear.

Everything you feel.
It is everything you are.
How you move.
It is such a story, your mind.
Well, that's pretty sad.
And as long as we're listening to this music, we're going to be sad.
And if this next story is sadder still, I'll be close.
Instead of vacationing in the Florida sun this winter,
Steve Weiner spent his days in court listening to a hellish tale of decaying animal carcasses,
open graves, and odious smells.
Weiner, 32, a New York City policeman, had spent $3,500 to bury his two beagles,
Billy and Bert, at the Long Island Pet Cemetery.
He was one of about 20 Pet Cemetery customers who listened in court last week
as witnesses...
Sorry about this.
...described what was found when police raided the decaying tombs of the disgustingly charmed cemetery.
Now look at how he's growing larger than life size now.
See, that's a show effect.
Tens of thousands of dead animals brought to the cemetery were dumped into mass graves,
stored in walk-in freezers and burned en masse in a large crematorium
after their owners had paid hundreds, sometimes thousands of dollars to have their pets buried with dignity.
What would you do, caller?
What would you do?
Suppose that the little pet, the friend of your bosom that you had all these times,
was taken and thrown into a pit like vermin.
What would you do?
What would you do?
What would you do?
Fly around, little caller.
Whee, whee, whee.
The music would get louder and louder and louder.
Oh.
Oh.







We'd have a cold and...
We were smaller than the spiders.
That's right.
We were.
Reverend Hell and myself crawling up the sides of the flowers,
looking out for spiders because they were bigger than we were.
You'll remember it differently from the idea.
There were no flowers at this early time in our Earth's history.
They weren't like flowers to me in those days.
They had broad leaves, but they were actually gigantic.
A burst of color up near the sky and a little caller all alone out there in the cold.
That's a little caller.
Not the bird.

little colors since the most everything was green and brown. The color that we associate with flowers didn't arise until the Cretaceous period ended, approximately 65 million years before the present era. Then grasses and flowering plants made their appearance in the Cenozoic world. The common bee, which appeared during the Cretaceous era, managed to organize and pollinate the plants, causing the flowering of the flowers.
The world was taken over by huge, gorgeous blossoms, but the flowers of this early prehistoric time were far more glorious in their first default than the decayed and senile blossoms and plants of today. Yes, horrible horticultural facts.
On the eyeballs, farther and farther, like the eyeballs of a decaying mummy, into the mysterious, infinite vagueness of the future.
Here we go now, into the mysterious, vague future.
Yes, sirree, the Rob Joes.
I'm Reverend Hal, gives you a guide of how to find out about the future when it happens to you.
Here we go.
Yes, we're hurtling into the future at 60 seconds per minute.
Wow.
How big a jar.
Now let's go over that again. You say you saw some sort of future.
The little color looks like a firefly, doesn't it? As he glows inside the jar here.
Well, the reason he is highly glowed that way is he has powerful sexual attraction.
And a nice little tea.
The little color is made by eliminating the fluid which causes bioluminescence, or the phenomenon of a little collared hiney blinking in the dark.
Stop it.
Let's have that close-up now.
Wow.
Look at it.
It's scintillating.
It's a little collared insect-like round eyes.
With which they could see the movement of the sun if they cared to.
Yeah, but they don't.
So we don't either.
They're prepared to spend their time burrowing through the muck.
Well, forget it, fella. We gave you some air holes.
And a little flashlight.
And some food that'll last you, the size of an insect, over one month in your time.
Oh, hi. Okay, there we go.
Even Bob Nelson's here to entertain you.
Oh, no, that old man's trying to kill us.
11 minutes left.
Bad show.
Yeah.
We got it in here.
What?
All right, now, what's your beat, caller?
And we'll just play piano here.
I'd like to dedicate this next song to all of you who are out there listening to the show.
On the show.
It's spooky.
Being with us tonight here.
It's cootie.
It's almost 6 o'clock, but we still have a little fun and good cheer to go around.
We're still trying to find out where the fun and good cheer is.
And we're going to see the night out with you, our audience.
That's right.
He's trying to get through to us.
Something is trying to communicate with the consciousness of mankind.
And he says it appears to be space aliens.
But Stryber also points out, he says it's funny, in almost every instance of people contacting UFOs,
there's a heavy occult involvement as well.
These people have been involved in new age techniques and therapies.
You say you can throw dude out the window and shimtoism.
No, no, no, you don't.
Because these were...
These were the space showers as they came by at a certain time or periods of our time to show us the light back to God.
But what they're telling us, the space brothers, don't put too much of your energy in letting somebody else show you the way.
You should be in direct contact with God since we are all part of that God creation.
And you think like Christ is just like somebody that is like showing us the way to this God?
Well, he was a way shore too.
His real name was Emmanuel.
Emmanuel.

Well, look at your Bible, Matthew 1, verse 22.
Right.
And if you have, depending on what version of the Bible that you have, verse 23 and 24 will tell you a different person gave him the name Jesus.
He was really named Jesus, which meant the anointed one, by Saul of Tarsus 300 years after he left the Middle East after he went through the crucifixion.
So you actually do prescribe to the Bible that?
No, I say parts of the Bible are correct, not all of it.
Okay.
Okay.
So, George Green, some wild things tonight.
He's talking about UFO and much more than just UFOs and UFO sightings.
He's really got theories about how this whole world runs and he's making it run, the Committee of 300 and so on and so forth.
Okay, first of all, all right, this is the way, I'm a believer, all right?
Thank you.
Okay, first of all, I'm from Vancouver.
I was in Cypress Park last year.
I saw an alien crash land.
Were we on acid, Alec?
No, this is truth, truth.
I'm telling you, all right?
Не так founder, а stay здесь, ск span…
к vì ты –
akers
2

2
3
3
2










1


2
1
2
1
2
2
1
2
2




2
3
3
6
7
7
8
&
11
To you
It kind of makes you wonder
Don't it?
You don't know
To you
Who put the holes in the donuts?
Who let the fat out of the bag?
But that's mine, don't matter
Now you tell me what you saw
Nothing on earth can hold you
Nothing on earth can hold you
Hold the world over your eyes
Master the art of illusion
Nothing can keep him inside
Who put the holes in the donuts?
Who let the fat out of the bag?
But that's mine, don't matter
Now you tell me what you saw
But don't know what to say
guitar solo


I'll be back soon
I'll be back in those words
Uh, sad.
The tape runs out so suddenly there.
Um, beautiful song called, uh,
I don't know what it's called,
but it's from Cloaking Device,
Ultimate Klingons,
Reverend Nancy Darnell there in Germany.
She's like the Grace Slick
of the Church of the Subgenius.
Uh,
Ultimate Klingons.
Before that, some clips, uh,
Media Barrage clips put together by
Reverend Nick Nolan about the Space Brothers.
Uh, a little bit more music by, uh,
uh,
Who was it that I ran?
Oh, John Bartles, yeah.
And, uh, John Bartles,
wonderful, uh, uh,
sort of cantankerous singer,
songwriter in, uh,
Springwater, New York,
I believe.
And, dear friends,
lots of KPFA Subgenius radio show,
uh, from the California radio show
with Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence.
Oh, I should mention that, uh,
some of the tapes that we're playing in the background,
including the music that's in the background right now,
is by Reverend Arnold Mathis.
Like, uh, Arnold Mathis stuff.
And some of the tapes that we're playing in the background right now,
is that KPFA material, um,
and some other material we're playing tonight,
is from the KPFA fan, uh,
Reverend Phineas Narco,
who did a compilation of the, uh,
sort of a best of the KPFA show,
which he sells.
And some of the recording quality is kind of tinny,
because it's been copied several times,
but I think Phineas Narco has done a,
a pretty good editing job.
Really,
really an excellent editing job,
if you consider how difficult it is to edit those guys' show.
Not like this show, of course.
This show's really, um,
and,
what else?
Yeah, that's a,
that's, uh, about it.
Now, I,
I do have a whole nother show's worth of tape
that I put together last night,
that I could play, but I won't,
because, uh,
I think it's very important.
It's still near Christmas now,
and some of you need,
well, you have to hear
Brainwashed,
and, uh,
it's, it's a,











Although, I do want to mention one thing.
Well, two things.
Number one,
you're listening to the
Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack,
the voice of the Church of the Subgenius
here in Dallas, Texas.
And we do have this show coming up,
a, a massive Subgenius revival,
or devival,
as the case may be.
Uh, New Year's,
New Year's night.
Inaugurating the year five,
BX. And we had some listeners call from Fort Worth who had a good idea, a real good idea.
You know, we always do short duration mass marriages at our revivals towards the end
so that those who aren't married can do whatever sort of guilty sex acts that they can think of
completely absolved and sanctified during that duration of that short duration marriage,
usually 24 hours. Well, this couple in Fort Worth suggested that we ought to do a mass
short duration divorce first because several people, them for instance, are already married,
but they want to go fornicate with other people that New Year's night at the subgenius show
at Club No. And they don't feel like they can unless they have a short duration divorce first,
which of course only lasts as long as those short duration marriages,
will do.
So they're going to be looking for other people to marry, friend. And if that serves as any sort
of inducement, I'm glad because I have a feeling we've been getting call after call from young
folks going, come on, it's not really only 21 and over, is it? I'm afraid it is. They serve drugs
at this club, Club No, alcohol, the, well, it's probably the strongest drug next to crack. I'm
sure.
And I'm sure they'll be legalized next. They'll never, ever get around the froth because the
froth users just aren't that desperate, you know? So, so friends, really, if you were thinking,
well, I know it's going to be too crowded down there. I don't want to go down there on New Year's.
It's going to be too crowded. I have a feeling it's not going to be too crowded. Okay. And not
only that,
it's, uh, well, we need, we need the support. We need the show of support, dear friends. Anyway,
enough of that. We're going to go to this amazing thing from Brain Rock Theater in Cleveland. There
are new friends, our new radio friends, uh, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Psychopath Finder, and,
uh, Reverend Chaz have created this horrible thing. Once again, you are listening to the
Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
If you need more information on the Church of the Subgenius for free, just for free, go ahead. See, let me put a challenge to you. See if you can not only write that postcard, but address it and put a stamp on it and get it into the mail. I'm amazed how few people are even able to do that much for such a wonderful giant pack. Well, it's actually, it's pretty pathetic pack of information, but it, it, it tells you how to get a really good pack for almost free information.
Okay.






That's right. The Bob, just Bob or our Slack or Subgenius, the post office knows all our names at post office box 1 4 0 3 0 6 Dallas, Texas 7 5 2 1 4. I'll give that number again. That's box 1 4 0 3 0 6 Dallas, Texas 7 5 2 1 4.
Okay.
Ah, yes, dear friend.
Yes.
Good evening. This is See How He Fools You. If you type it, they will laugh. In the annals of radio comedy, sporadically has a yarn been so cooked up and so off base that it had no basis in actuality at all. No rhyme, no reason to manifest itself in any form, except maybe to tease and titillate. That story is this story.
From the unopened files of your secret government.
Stranger than the hangar 19 aliens or conspiratorial than the Ronnie Reagan clones.
Didn't know about that one. Did you more diabolically inane than whatever you could think of in the next 30 minutes comes a story only recently released by a secret directive from the CIA CLU, the central intelligence agency for civil liberties union.
This story was hidden from the American pubic hairs for fear on the economic impact on the Christmas season.
President.
Transition here.
But through the most diligent efforts of the brain rot radio news team, and especially the efforts of its two most obnoxious reporters, Phil Matt in 11 and Cameron close up.
It will be told tonight.
Welcome to the brain rot cowboy Christmas presentation of Blitzkrieg Christmas.
The Rudolph Hitler story.
We turn now political powder keg.
That is a North dramatic pole in the 1990s.
Where there is an ugly.
Specter raising his head.
The horrific Phoenix arising from people's ashes.
Hey, what's that?
You want me to go before that?
That's my producer.
A huge idiot talking to me in the headset.
Okay.
Okay.
We go now.
Prison in the North dramatic pole where Peter slave puller Rudolph Hitler works on his book.
Mine cough.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh my.
Oh no I'm out of palabra.



That's my cough trap.
That's my cough,
my cough.
If I'm modest.
That's not okay.
No go back to the future or forward to the pasture to the 1990s.
Again,
us four and in the North dramatic poll and pick up as a whiskered Rudolph gives one of his infamous speeches to his goose trotting Jennifer.
Bullies.
A skin had beyond.
in the old East Germanic Pole.
I tell you, Nixon,
Rudolf Hitlerbach makes a lot of sense.
He's got them elves figured out all right.
Those damn elves are the cause of everything
that's wrong with the North Germanic Pole.
Oh, elves, you say?
Eh, that effect?
You know I never liked their kind anyway.
Always kept to themselves the way they dress.
They all dress the same.
It's Halloween every night.
You see, this Rudolf Hitler's got the good on these elves.
Hey, wait, Vomit, come over here.
No, that's stupid.
Come here.
Stupid Vomit, come here.
Hey, hey, stop stomp, stomp,
stomp eating or what?
Bucking antlers, bucking antlers?
Bucking antlers?
All set, get ready for the hit for the Hofer speech.
Get out, get out.
They be handing out the red cheese.
They got free beer.
And thoughts, too.
They know how to treat us, Nazis.
We interrupt this Blitzkrieg Christmas
with a word from one of our sponsors.
The snide world of sports presents the Skinshead Game,
the sports show where skinheads can tee off on any foreigner.
Watch them drive.
With long distances to find foreigners.
They'll be slicing foreigners up
and hooking to the right.
The far, far right.
Yes, there'll be subpar rounds galore
as the skinheads are already subpar.
That's the Skinshead Game.
Later from the lovely Autobahn Shores.
Now back to a blistering Christmas.
Christmas.
Say, Donner,
I heard this Rudolph Hitler is the leader of the nostrils.
Say, right here, these pamphlets, man on man there.
These pants are tough to turn with hooks.
Yeah, the Nutshe Party's leader, Rudolph Hitler,
aka, the Hooper, says,
if we join, we get to rule with the night in here.
The kind of money that the Hooper himself.
One, two, three.
That is correct.
The Hooper, he is the new master.
He's the reindeer of destiny.
He'll go down and in for me.
He speaks for all of us pure reindeers.
He speaks of a strong, unified, right stag land.
Employment, fixing the economy.
These elves are ruining the economy.
He has ways to stop the elves from overrunning our unified stag land.
I vomit.
I ain't had a job in three years.
But I see all the elves working,
taking hay out of my kid's mouth, banisters.
That's right.
Check it out.
Who owns the toy factories, huh?
Who owns the stables, huh?
Uh-huh.
Them freakin' elves.
We're being slowly conquered.
We gotta get them damn elves.
Come on, let's go.
Ladies, fineholds.
The Hooper is set to speak to us.
My caribou, Petrus.
My fellow stags.
My national socialist northern reindeer party brothers.
There's a conspiracy going on in our Reichstag land.
A deep-rooted, foreign-funded conspiracy by traitors.
Traitors are everywhere.
Every day there's more of them immigrating here.
They own the stables.
They own the hay.
They own the toy store.
Yes, they even own our supposed leader, Hindenklaus.
Who are these defilers who dare to take what is ours from us?
The master breed.
It's the elves!
Yes, the elves.
Always the elves.
What's wrong with our North Germanic pole?
There's a cause of us reindeer being treated like cattle?
Like second-class beasts?
You see the elves everywhere.
More and more of them every day.
Dressing funny, talking funny, acting arrogant.
Acting better than the rest of us reindeer stags.
The master breed.
Wandering around with their bald legs.
Always tinkering, tinkering.
All of them with their beards and funny hats.
Taking all of this rightfully ours.
Ours if we herd together.
Excuse me.
Herd together.
They must be punished.
Must be stopped and eliminated.
Must be eliminated for the good of the North party and the Reichsland.
It's the master breed.
Obey me and I will lead the way to a new order.
A new worldwide order.
Think!
Ho!
Think!
Ho!
Think!
Ho!
Think!
Ho!
You see my Nerean stock.
Modern society is what, is what, is what?
A colossus with feet of clay.
That is why I have created an unpretentious centralization which united all power in the hoofs of my government.
I am the government.
I have created a covert constitution which will mechanically govern all movements of elves.
And we will not stop until every elf is accounted for and held accountable for.
Now is the time to strike.
To quell their lioness objectives.
Follow me and I will take the elves down from their high purchase.
I will build a stronger, greater, unified Stagland.
An unstoppable Stagland.
But we can't stop there.
This is a world-wide funded conspiracy.
The elves wear many hats and have long arms.
We will have to take our conquests worldwide.
To eliminate them for the good of our stock.
No more will we have to build toys for stag.
No more will we have to pull the slave or hidden clothes.
For we are the ones who pull the reins.
To build a third rein of pure, superior stock of reindeer.
To last for a thousand points of light.
Did I say that right?
Wait a minute.
And so Rudolf Hitler got his reindeer cronies on his inner circle.
Denser, stupid, vomit, smasher, crasher, downer and blitzer.
They carried out his promise of persecution and bad manners.
They formed various secret police forces.
The most notorious of these were the Winter Storm Troopers.
Big leather booted reindeers defending North Sea meetings.
Disrupting left wing Republican, far right liberal and hippie communist meetings.
But what they did best was to harry and persecute elves.
This the reindeer did with glee.
The weaponless elves were no match.
They were outweighed by 800 pounds.
And horns.
Who could that be at this hour?
What do your reindeer want?
Gestapo police!
Shut up, elves!
And get packing!
You got three minutes.
Where, where are you taking us?
You and your family are headed toward constipation.
You never need to be here.
camps where we're putting all you elves.
But we're not elves. No, listen.
We're Lithuanian sea monkeys.
You look elfish to me.
You're all three feet high.
Look at them slippers, curled up,
toes at the end of the bell,
and them straight up lovely
tarts. If you ain't an elf,
I'm boy George Harrison Ford.
Now move it.
Not only were the elves hunted down,
but anything resembling an elf was rounded up.
Up gnomes, trolls, munchkins,
pixies, and even fairies
were put in Nazi constipation camps.
The once happy singing toy
factories and toy land of
Hindon Claus were turned into
a dysentery infected and hateful
nuclear playground.
Hey kids, wanna have a blast?
Come fall out with the other kids
ages one to a half life
at the Nuclear
Playground.
You'll have the time of your
short life playing Scud,
Hide and Seek, Atomic Leapfrog,
Landmine
Hopscotch, Surface to Air
Frisbee, ICBM
Red Rover, and Thermonuclear
Bingo.
The Nuclear
Playground on sunny and
mushroom cloudy days.
In order for the Nazis to fulfill this,
quest of manifest expansion,
they had to stock up on materials of war
which was forbidden by the Treaty of Verslay.
The resourceful, nationalistic reindeer
turned to synthetic products.
Plus, they found eager sellers
for their other war-making material needs.
During the worldwide recession,
American companies, funded by the
first nationalistic bag of terrorism,
and the CIA-CLU,
were negotiating secret deals
to sell arms to the Reichstagland.
Business is as business does.
War is good business.
With the war machine geared and oiled
by the conglomerate IC Farben,
making the synthetics,
the Nazis and Rudolf Hitler were ready.
They invaded the Poles first.
They blitzkrieged the East Pole.
That went feebly. Next, the South Pole.
That too fell.
Now, only the West Pole remained.
To attack the West Pole, an alliance
was formed between the Nazis and the
Italian caribous and the Japanese antelopes.
These three powers wanted
to take over the cosmos.
And only one thing stood in its way.
The good old USA, which helped
arm the Nazis in the first place.
The invasion of the West Pole
was to start in two cities.
Cleveland and Dallas.
The date was picked.
November 24th of the next Christmas.
The die is cast.
You hear the pitter-patter on the rooftop.
This Christmas, be wary.
Be very wary.
Things are not what they seem.
To be continued.
Continue.
Get on your best DVD,

we've got the audio app at all times
if you are into inspired music.
Have your subdomlining

Now you can go any direction
for all the various



in the自我
or typhoid.
Yes, I mean typhoid.
Yes, you can give these diseases and more
with Brain Rot's designer diseases.
One of your wife's friends blew the whistle
on one of your little affairs.
A little whooping cough will cure her.
Yes, you could give the gift that keeps on taking
this holiday season.
As I said, I'm Dr. Out of Tech.
You can choose from HIV, the plague,
polio, diphtheria, malaria, yellow fever,
and a colony of designer diseases.
Yes, and that colony will be singing an unhappy melody
because we've got infections that complicate complexions
like acne, eczema, spheria.
Longing for a lasting gift?
Give the gift of male pattern baldness.
That's designer diseases.
Are you vain and worry about staying?
Then we've got a specialty shop just for you.
The armpit euphorium.
Ape for short.
A-P-E-T-E-Q.
Everything you and your...
Our armpits will need to get and keep them fresh and trendy.
We have the shampoo, the mousse, the spray, the combs,
the brushes, and of course the Afro pick.
Do you have armpits like Don King's hair?
Come to the armpit euphorium.
We'll style your pits with such exotic cuts
as the dreadlock armpit cut, the mohawk armpit cut,
the marine cut armpit, and so on.
Our specially trained armpit barbers will blow them dry.
Next door to the armpit euphorium,
right now, there's a special on pubic haircuts at Pubic Parking.
We'll wash, condition, gel, and blow dry your pubes
in one of our special boos.
Yes, for just 200 bucks,
we'll give you the best blow dry of your life
at the Pubic Parking.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
These chickens are first brainwashed, then drainwashed.
These chickens are psychologically ready to be the most tender.
