Have you seen a boy named Vicky?
Have you seen a boy named Vicky?
All right, dear friends.
This is KNON 89.3 in Dallas, Texas.
I repeat, this is KNON.
All radio viewers expecting to hear their favorite preacher on KCBI
should tune their radios to 90.9 FM immediately
before further damage results to your intercranial capacitors.
KCBI has traded frequencies with KNON.
This change has been in effect for one week and will continue for perpetuity
or until the rupture.
Whichever comes.
Repeat, this is not Criswell Christian Radio KCBI.
This is KNON, voice of the people, and in this case, other things.
On our new frequency of 89.3 FM,
all devout Christians hearing me now should tune their radio dials
two stations to the right for your chosen program before it is too late.
You may, however, stay tuned to this channel for your most feared deprogramming
from the KCBI.
The Church of the Subgenius and or other demonic programming
such as rock and roll, classic rhythm and blues, black gospel,
Latin traditional and hip-hop, sinful country western,
and some bad soul brother music on KNON.
All subgeniuses not hearing me are probably spreading idiotic rumors
that KNON is off the air.
Please cease doing so.
And one last thing.
Earth people, stop all atomic testing.
Earth people, cease all atomic testing.
Thank you.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
Stop right there.
Intensifying our prospects, desires,
and that's when the wheels of action begin to move.
Sorry for jumping in, doctors.
Go on.
Dr. Dobbs is known worldwide as a foremost spokesman for Christian and family values.
He has a plan to attend this rare personal appearance of Dr. Dobbs.
It's his second in the past four years.
Even if you never intend to write your name again,
one sure way to impress folks is to stay a little bit over their heads.
Because it was better than looking stupid.
It's natural that we followed the circle.
Around and around and around.
Helping to create a nice round world of confusion and misunderstanding.
Resist the temptation to feed your ego.
Well, we take our initiates and we string a little tendon between their heels
and drag them three times around the radio station before beginning.
Then we dip them in the sacred water.
And what exactly does this do for them?
Well, it causes them to forget everything they've learned
and it prepares their mind for the slate-like impression,
the imprinting of the true subgenius.
Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius hour of slark.
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
That's your key phrase.
It will trickle the entire message without you being aware of it.
Repent.
Quit your job.
Slack off.
Driven to the brink of false sanity by the conspiracy's false reality?
And the pressure of a crumbling world?
Then this may be for you.
Eternal Salvation.
Or triple your money back.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Bring you another 33.
30 minutes of condensed uraglic functions
over the quality audiovisual techniques
exacerbated and complicated
by the Church of the Subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Svoboda.
She said,
cutting her own legs off
in what was to be the...
the foment of a startling new trend
among the so-called
punk-de-tele-hensia
where they became
not only skinheads
but took it to the next level
and became boneheads
actually shaving off
their hair scalp,
cranial viscera,
and the top three
molecular layers
of their
brain.
And not only this, but
there are in downtown Los Angeles
and the festering punk boroughs,
there's even been reports of neckheads,
these progressive brainheads
have actually shaved their head
all the way to their neck.
And even taking it beyond that,
in some clubs, it's been reported
that subgenius is actually not heard.
bands have led to what are referred to as knee heads where the person's body actually ends a
scant two inches above the knee
oh yeah dear friends well it's mother's day
jeez i ought to just play that little bit of again that was from uh potatoes potatoes background
music by potatoes a band from right here in dallas and i must say i've been so glad to see
more tapes being contributed to the show by great obscure local bands because this church is a
trade-off we're into bartering new bands can mail tapes in in this tape in this cape
what
you
in this case i got the tape because of mother's day well yes sir friends we're going to preach
on traditional family values it being mother's day and with complete and total disregard for
all those accidental listeners who do not or cannot comprehend the church of the subgenius
we'll also have some new swinging area diets some new jane or hyper cleats new charlie manson and
kpfa but mothers you know
my mother is a mother my wife is a mother my mother-in-law is a mother my sister's a mother
my sister-in-law is a mother my sister-in-law in-law is a mother and when i have to take care
of the kids and do the wash like i did today i am one bad mother
oh yes
well you see it's like this
uh that potatoes music there in the background beautiful beautiful lovely
no longer potatoes now it's jay cotton
but i was i was uh doing the shopping on saturday the grocery shopping instead of mom because it was
mother's day and ran into reverend turlington an old church member who much to my surprise was part
of that band the potatoes seen here on camera three i'll be playing the band the potatoes on camera three
and i'll be playing some more of their stuff later on tonight he had a little child with him and i
started bragging about how i had two children but it turned out that he had two also and we were both
parents feeling those feelings that are denied ye who dast not have kids because you'd rather keep
doing your drugs or your career a little longer for whatever reason me uh i feel like becoming a
parent is what forced me to get my career started and i'm not going to be a parent for a long time

i mean when you're no longer responsible just for yourself but for a potential human being or even
better a potential subgenius who will probably surpass you later on in usefulness your entire
focus on what you want changes completely and in a way you you if you still have your instincts
it can really be a big relief
hey you know i actually love my parents
believe it or not when i was a teenager i hated them of course like any normal american kid
should unless they're christian zombies but uh two things soon happened back when i hated my parents
that changed that number one i was suddenly married and out of my own supporting myself
no matter how miserably forget that part and number two i had kids of my own and i began to
show how jobless i was and my kingdom was for me calvary 실�icfoot Senate

according to the rules are these two things
book to private writers
it's called Catholicism
Catholicism
Catholicism



Catholicism
Catholicism
That don't matter. Bob still loves you.
So you teenagers take heed.
Now, in some cases, your parents really are stupid, ruined, abusive, and or boring fools.
But, you know, on the other hand, a lot of you teens, you're probably like I was.
Uh, you just, you don't know how good you got it yet until it's taken away, one might say.
So you more stereotype-minded bobbies might not think a sin church like the Church of the Subgenius would have anything nice to say about the family unit.
But let us turn now to the Book of the Subgenius here.
Or else find another piece of music.
Where is my Book of the Subgenius?
My God, what's wrong with these people?
Oh.
Here in, uh, all right, Book of the Subgenius 15143.
15143.
We could say that sex is more important than Bob Dobbs, were it not.
Bob is sex.
The Church of the Subgenius is, indeed, a sexist church.
We're four of the sexes.
The intersection, the union of them in whatever sick combinations the parties involved may consent to.
However, Bob, my friends, Bob is violently against the humanist forces that would tear down traditional family unity.
The subgenius mutation, you see, tends to run in families.
And we should therefore reproduce to the greatest possible degree.
For we may need backup in case our numbers are drastically reduced in the end times mutant
versus normal warfare.
Now we turn further to 15148.
Oh, listen to that.
Oh, listen to that.
In the family of the Bob.
We must take traditional family values, quote unquote, to their fullest extreme.
Extended tribe-like clans in which each aunt is mom and each uncle dad.
The system nowadays is too big to ensure the preservation of values.
So communities, not communes, should take it upon themselves.
You can only trust your yeti blood kin.
We will always see strife in the home, though particularly between parents and teens.
And when a subgenius father sees his son come home in some unearthly new hip hairdo, we often hear this.
God darn it, son, you're being different just for the sake of being different.
But dad, says the teenager.
Everybody's doing it.
So you aren't being different.
You're being just like them.
Well, the father is right, friends.
The son is being different for no other reason than to be different from dad.
But he isn't necessarily wearing that fashionable hairdo to be like his conformist, nonconformist friends.
He's wearing it to get him some.
So often the teen subgenius is just as alienated.
Alienated from his hipster cruisin' buddies as he is from the father pudwielder from whose loins he sprang.
Thus the argument is really moot and springs from simple ape against ape territorial imperative.
Both should try to remember this.
A child should have respect for the inflexible, stale wisdom of his progenitors who originally gave him life whether he wanted it or not.
We need the oldsters.
Some of them can actually remember the old ways.
And we should pay homage to our dead ancestors who can intercede with the gods on our behalf.
You can, by the way, insult the ancestors of pinks because they weren't yetis.
And youth, in its own stead, must be put in its rightful place of valuable subservience.
As bringers of smart alecky but effective solutions to problems.
Which the elders cannot even see.
Kids have more intelligence.
Basically...
More intelligence.
And use of their brains.
In direct proportion to their own lack of knowledge.
We should therefore balance the boring, rigid, good sense of the old with the snotty and insolent originality of the young.
The decrepit and the sly.
The senile should be brought home from the quote, home, unquote.
And placed in a center of worship.
Perhaps next to the TV.
And the young, in their stead, must have a right to life.
The church of the subgenius strictly disapproves of abortion after the age of 15 years.
A 15 year old is a living being.
With an eternal soul and an inherent right to leave and to lead.
Even the most horrible life.
Your new family, friends, is not the church of the subgenius.
It's your old family.
Seen in the all-forgiving, yet no crap-taking light of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Your old family is not what messed you up.
It's the harsh reality that made you, you enough to find Bob Dobbs.
Bob in the first place.
If your parents had given you total satisfaction, you'd now live in total boredom.
You would, in fact, be pink.
So, you know, sure, your parents are a bunch of old fuddy-duddies.
And you will be too, mark my words.
But you are a subgenius.
So something must have happened right.
Therefore...
Kids...
Don't kill your parents yet.
Swinging love corpses in the background.
Before we go on here...
I've got a little poem I'd like to read.
My brother, my son, my son...
Brought this home from school the other day.
If I could be my mother, it says, I'd be so nice to me.
I'd never make me go to bed and never disagree.
I'd make my breakfast ice cream, have parties every day.
I'd never say wash up right now or come in from your play.
If I could be my mother, we'd never think of doing work.
We'd always have just fun and school while there'd be none.
I've just now thought this over and something's plain to see.
If my mom let me do these things,
I'd not be so proud of me.
And my wife...
It's just saying, it's women.
You women are so beautiful. You mothers...
A baby can be born with 12 feet.
Mom said, ain't that clever?
And look at them pretty tracks they leave you.
They leave you in the sand.
5, 2, 9, 9, 4...
I checked them feet out and said, boy, you better pick the two you like.
Because I'm not about to buy shoes for them other 10.
The whole world gone crazy.
I wonder, as I look at this nation today,
how long will greed last?
And you know, somewhere y'all should really think of that word.
Not now, just spend some time and think about it.
Because when the truth come out,
and the odds of the truth ever coming out in Atlanta is kind of strange.
But when the truth come out, you find out what's happening in Atlanta
ain't got nothing to do with race.
It's got something to do with greed.
If you dumb enough and ignorant enough to believe some racist
can come in my name, and say, hey, I'm a racist.
I'm gonna go to my neighborhood for 20 months
and rip it off with everybody looking.
And you crazy.
The biggest news today was some people saw some folks
kidnap a child in Atlanta yesterday.
Now, the most blatant, blatant corrupt mind
that had a urge to kidnap someone to one city in the whole world
you wouldn't go is Atlanta.
Unless that thing is bigger than they tell us it is.
And it is.
And if you're all simple enough to believe that Atlanta
is a Ku Klux Klan thing, then you crazy.
First, the Ku Klux Klan do not have the intelligence
to baffle my neighborhood longer than a day.
Two, the Ku Klux Klan do not have a pattern of coming in my neighborhood
ripping off my children.
Black men and black women have never had a pattern
of coming in my neighborhood ripping off black children.
If we was in Atlanta right now and a child walked past here
unconsciously, we'd all watch that child.
A city where everybody is looking and it can still happen,
it mean they looking for and at the wrong thing.
I want to know, what's your opinion?


I wonder how long will your greed last?
I wonder how long will we in this nation fail
to tune into that God force that's locked inside of you.
And I ain't talking about them isms and them ahsms.
I'm talking about that universal God force that's locked inside of you
whether you know it or not.
Oh yes, friends, that was Dick Gregory.
Dick Gregory there, actually from an old tape,
talking about the Atlanta child murder.
He hadn't even gotten to the punchline yet.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to cut in though.
Much as I hate to do it.
Do you need a job or job skills training?
The Opportunities Industrial Center can help you.
Opportunities Industrial Center.
Oh yes, dear friends.
Thank you, organist Chris Gross.
Oh by the way, if you have questions,
and you certainly should, call 823-7490 for information.
Speak to the Willadoves.
823-7490.
But let's look in the book of the pre-scriptures.
614.
And yea, even the banks shall topple in the end times
when these preachers of Bob Dobbs shall come
and it shall wash away the filth and the unmerited.
And clean seed with the new seed upon which
the mobile homes of the subgeni will float
and be carried on high with their party equipment,
their chainsaws and scalpels.
Yea, lo, those doctors for Bob shall float
or mount enter first and achieve slackdomness.
Now friends, our rival cults,
those dear, dear other denominations,
which I shan't mention, such as Christians,
whose numbers swell every day,
they, like us, see the family falling apart in America today.
The attack on the American family.
And they're right, even as we speak it is happening.
Father against son, sister against mother,
father real like too close up against sister.
Oh yes, it's civilization.
It's civilization is falling apart.
One in every two marriages ends in divorce.
And these rival churches, the Christians would say
that this comes from pornography,
from tittery little sex gags on TV
and pre-maritable permissiveness.
Well, that's a lie, my friend.
It's the devil's lie.
The devil is in that supermarket.
The devil is in that Texaco station.
The devil is in that car pulling up behind you right now.
The devil is in the IRS office.
And the devil, the devil lives everywhere.
And he's telling the devil's lies.
He's tearing the family apart.
And I'll tell you how he does it.
And it's what those beloved other churches love the most.
Oh, it's what they say we're trying to destroy.
And we are.
What's tearing the family apart is nine to five jobs, my friends.
Conspiracy, corporate, pink situations
where daddy gets up in the morning and goes to work,
kisses kids goodbye.
It's the first time he sees them during the day,
kissing them goodbye.
And a kind of simultaneous goodbye and hellos.
Then after work, he gets home about 7 o'clock,
ticked off, so to speak, after a long drive back from the suburbs,
to use a polite term.
And he goes home and he kisses his kids hello and goodnight.
And they go to bed.
And the other churches dare to say
it's because the kids see a little stupid sexy gags on television
or the new permissiveness where men are allowed to do things with other men.
I say that's a bunch of holy hooey, my friend.
I say why not legalize pornography and ban work?
Work is what takes the parents away from the kids.
Most of these kids grow up nowadays, they don't have parents at all.
They have scarecrows looking over them
in some daycare center.
And if that mother can bear with them,
can stand to change diapers till they're one and a half,
she'll send them off to that daycare center just as quick as she can.
And, oh sure, they're still led by human teachers.
They didn't robots yet.
But, I mean, the kid ain't got no parents!
Because Mr. and Mrs. Mommy and Daddy think it's so important to have job security.
It's so important to be a real American, a normal American.
A normal American.
A American that doesn't know his kids as well as he knows his boss.
Or his employees might be a better metaphor.
And then we find the family falling apart.
Oh, they wail and gnash their teeth, our friends do,
about how the children are getting exposed to too much this and too much that.
What they ain't getting enough of, not even on Mother's Day,
is enough of Mom and Dad.
Just a little bit.
I mean, forget the pornography.
Oh, hypocrisy, friends.
Now, I've nothing against hypocrisy.
Every religion has to have its fair share of hypocrisy.
As Bob said, I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of man I'm preaching to.
But that Christian preacher can get up there on TV and, oh, he's so glad to keep you normal.
Keep you working so hard you don't even know your own wife anymore.
Keep young wifey stuck in the house with the kid 24 hours a day.
Turn her into a raving maniac from boredom and pinkness while old Dad, William,
he's out making his sales calls.
And his martinis.
And that way, Mama, Mama don't get no slack.
And Mama turns into a nut, a dingy, cooped-up housewife.
And you wonder why her kids turn to drugs.
They see her just as out of it as she can be.
And they think, oh, I don't want to be like her.
I'm going to go get messed up on drugs.
That's, I mean, being like her is worse than being messed up on drugs.
That's God's truth.
That's what they're thinking, friends.
So next time they start saying how just because your subgenius Bible has some pictures of
nakedness and dirty words in it, will you just come back at them and say, sir, sir, ma'am,
do you work so hard that you can't remember your kids' names?
Trying to preserve this mighty land, working so hard keeping porno out of the stores that
your kids hate you.
That's what I say, friends.
Because that's what the word of Bob says.
I tell you, my friend, there's no slack.
There's no slack.
There's no slack.
I tell you in this world, in this flesh, in this devil, there is no slack.
And if you cannot whoop it, go ye down, my friend.
That's what I said.
Go ye down.
There's nothing that says you can't.
The devil don't have a rule book.
You heard me right.
The devil, the devil does not have a rule book.
He's not humanistic.
He's not pacifistic.
And he owes you money.
That's right.
The devil owes you money, my friend.
And so does Uncle Sam.
You have to recognize the devil just like you have to recognize Uncle Sam.
Now, I go down there to pay taxes.
As far as I'm concerned, I might as well be paying taxes to the devil.
I'm sorry, but that's just the way things are.
It's a test of faith.
That's why Bob put the devil down here, to see if we could tell the difference between
him and Uncle Sam.
You got to fear the devil and the government or they'll walk right over you.
The devil owes you money, my friend.
But Bob Dobbs is the bank where you can cash it in.
We can cash it in.
We got to burn out the banks of the devil.
We got to root him out.
Burn out the hate.
Burn out the radiation.
Burn out the fire.
These words may be harsh, but I don't care what they say.
I'll keep preaching.
I'll keep preaching, my friend.
This so-called civilization, on the day that we finally realize things are all backwards
and we have slack without work in the promised kingdom of Bob Dobbs, then perhaps we'll find
the true civilization, which needs not Xerox machines nor fancy coats and ties.
Next, I think he's probably right.


It doesn't have to have them.
It can have them.
You can be civilized and not live in a cave, but you're probably going to be more civilized
being one of these characters that sits in a cave scratching his butt than you are running
around on a treadmill of false slack.
Oh yes, and look at the humans lined up for the slaughterhouse.
Oh, yes.
The Harvest.
The Harvest.
Oh, oh.
Oh, morning, dear.
Morning, dear.
Wasn't quality time wonderful last night?
Oh, yes, it was.
Oh, but I've got to rise, get out of bed, crunch numbers, and do lunches.
Where are the keys to my 450SL?
I have no idea, but if I don't get my seats from the mayor this morning,
I'm going to be presently late for this meeting.
Oh, sure. Here comes the senior voice.
He drove like Porsches.
Mercedes town sedans.
All customed, upholstered.
But who matched his new tan?
Oh, what a yuppie man he was.
Oh, what a yuppie man he was.
Oh, what a yuppie man he was.
His discs, they were compact.
Because he heard they were the rage.
His taste ran from Whitney Houston
all the way to New Age.
Sing, you animals!
Oh, what a yuppie man he was.
His tracks, banks, partisans.
Madness will come toss and fall

fans and the spirit of playoffs ви
Vi
Oni



EN
RI
LA
In the fern bars you would network
To satisfy primal urge
Interfacing with young youngettes
With which he might merge
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
The key promotions did elude him
Though he plowed on unperturbed
But croaked by coronary
Thank you
Before his IRA matured
Sing!
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
Oh, what a yuppie man he was
Oh, listen to how I see a big old hunk of snot coming up on that record there.
Must have landed right in the middle of it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, it hurts, it hurts, dear friends.
Let's pull that one down and bring up that one.
That was the Swinging Aeriodites.
Jeez, I shouldn't have given my good copy to Robert Wisdom.
And you can get the Swinging Aeriodites.
We were playing them last week.
You can get the Swinging Aeriodites albums.
Got that pencil ready?
Ready, right for information.
Because you ain't going to find it in the stores around here, I don't think.
Box 923, Northampton, Massachusetts, 01080.
I'm going to be playing another one by them later if I can get the snot off the record.
Doesn't look promising, actually.
Box 923, Northampton, Massachusetts, 01080.
01080.
01080.
01080.


01080.
01080 for the Swinging Aeriodites record or tape.
Now, friends, the Bathhouse Cultural Centre and Itinerant Theatre Guild
will present an accidental death of an anarchist.
Well, actually, it would be the real death of an anarchist if it was being presented.
This is a play called The Accidental Death of an Anarchist, May 5th through 21st.
This play by Dario Foe is a satirical look at the Italian...
Italian police department under scrutiny.
The play is directed by Stephen Mazurek.
Admission is $8 and the performance dates and times are May 5th through 21st at 8pm.
Bathhouse Cultural Centre is located 521 East Lother, Dallas, on the east shore of White Rock Lake.
For reservations, call 328-842-8.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
This is KNON now, 89.3 FM.
And, friends, you can call for information on how to get more information by mail, free information by mail.
Call 823-7490 or write to the Church of the Subgenius at Box 140306, Dallas, 75214.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.


Congregation, my, it's good to see a big crowd.
Oh, I've been wondering where a lot of you have been.
I've been wondering about a lot of things.
I'm glad you're here on this Easter Sunday.
Thank you.
Thank you.

I'm going to lay the truth down.
I'm going to strap it on.
Thank you for that, amen.
Yes, I'm not going to spare anything.
I'm not going to smooth anybody's fur.
I heard you sister.
Yes, I will preach on.
Yes.
I'm going to tell it like it is, that's to say.
Oh, I heard a hallelujah.
All right, now you all please come up here.
I'm going to get a little bit of a
little quiet down a little bit.
You're getting a little too noisy.
Hold it, hold it down.
I'm talking.
Okay, listen.
I'm tired of so much around here that I have to unload on you today.
Do you think I don't know what the hell is going on?
Do you think for instance that I don't know that Bill Broden is going out
seeing Irene, Irene Hobbs?
Yeah, I'm going to start tapping that.
Sure I know it.
Don't you?
What in the hell is the matter with you?
She told me right back there in my studies.
She told me what she was doing.
I know it.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
And this being Easter Sunday and having such a big crowd out here and a lot of strange
faces, where in the hell have you been?
Hell far.
You come once or twice a year.
That don't cut no ass with me.
See?
You know, we got a Sunday school teacher and you know who in the hell I'm talking about.
Yeah.
Bill Bronson.
That's who I'm talking about.
There he sits right there, Bill.
I'm talking to you.
See?
Uh, you ain't no more taking proper care of that Sunday school class.
Uh, that, uh, and you are finished.
You're fired.
Get out.
You're out of that Sunday school class.
Now listen.
I mean business.
I'm putting it down, ain't I?
I ain't hearing no way of means but I ain't wanting any.
I'm going to go check on that guy.




No.
Hell Far.
Hell Far.
Eat or No to Herman's Hermans.
The gross is two fifty.
The gross.
Yes, yes, yes.
I am a guest from the Edo period.
In other words, a postman.
I have traveled three times a month in a 9km speed.
By the way, I am a guest.
So, bye bye!
Is she a walkman or a businessman today?
Today...
Walkman!
I am a walkman.
R.O. Evans.
It's a sunny.
Tiano, Asano-sama goes sight.
I have to be in America.
Okay, bye.
Me in America.
Everything free in America.
For a small fee in America.
Oh, save my life.
Yes, sir, dear friend.
I am happy.
I am happier than the morning sun.
That's the way it'll always be.
Ever since the day you came inside of me.
Oh, my...
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Johnny could only sing one note and the note he sang was this
Die!
If you want to!
You misguided martyr!
Not me
Not me!
I won't grow up
I won't grow up
I don't wanna wear a tie
I don't wanna wear a tie
And a serious depression
And a serious depression
In the middle of July
Come come baby
So you come out and you draw and you say
Bam bam
Stop!
And the guy doesn't stop
And you move up to the head and you put one right there and that's usually final
Get that spear away from me
John
No, you don't
I'm not
You're no soule
I sad



Yeah, yeah, they know

You got that
You mean like employing love


You're saying I've missed till half an inch
Good God! Good God!
Now, Bob, you're getting to be a pretty big fella.
Yes, sir, maybe this is a good idea, a chance for us to have a little talk.
Why, sure, Dad. What's cooking?
Remember the last time we talked about this old body of ours, Bob?
Yeah. Yeah, I remember, Dad.
No.
Oh, here's a match. Your pipe's gone out again.
Well, thanks.
But when a doctor speaks of the male organ, he...
Well, he calls it a...
When a man and a woman are married, Bob,
they love each other very much.
And in showing their love,
their instinct is to embrace each other as if...
Well, as if to try to become the one person God intended them to be.
Or the sperm, as the doctors call it.
Is that the seed that helps make a new baby?
That's right, Bob.
No, no, Bob.
Yes, it is, Bob.
Well, what I'm talking about now...
No, Bob, it's sort of like...
...is formed in two little sacks...
It's what's in the church.
The church comes out of the two sacks underneath the cloaca.
I am referring to the Church of the Subgenius!
Now, the Church of the Subgenius, as founded by St. Arbogdob,
St. Athanasius...
...was founded in 1953 as the parent religion of the future.
You're not even...
Superior mutants, social renegades, twisted geniuses, and sci-fi sinners
in a worldwide rampage of immorals and prophets,
yucks, and grins, yucks and grins,
which will hopefully, inevitably, lead us directly to a commodity.
All too naturally.
And today is modern day.
And you go to society, and that commodity, friends, is slack!
Now, slack is what the conspiracy wants to take away from us.
Slack is what the conspiracy wants to deprive us of.
Slack is our way of grabbing wine bottles, lapels, and screaming at it!
Now, back in the 50s, Bob himself noticed a decided lack of slack in our culture.
He noticed an awful prevalence of normalcy.
He noticed that the normal...
...for the vast conspiracy against the different,
and insidious conspiracy,
dedicated to squelching our natural growth instinct,
dedicated to wiping out our fun factors,
and dedicated in short,
to the total, utter eradication of the original slack with which we were all born.
And to the total eradication of Doctors for Bob,
who you hear in the background, friends.
You can help destroy Doctors for Bob by writing Bob,
or by sending a message to the internet,
140-306-Dallas-Texas-75214.
Who the hell is somebody?
How many people I know...
...how many people I know...
...how many people I know...
Kind of makes you wonder, doesn't it?
I know, I do.
What about you?
What about me? Well, yeah, what about me?
Well, uh, that's what we think.
What about you?
Well, uh, I don't know, what about you?
Well, what about me?
I don't know, that's what I'm going to ask. What about you?
Well, what about you?
Well...
Let's, uh... What about...
What about Bob? About what?
About...Bob's pipe.
Bob appears and lights his pipe to those who dwell in endless night,
but does a human form display to those who live in realms of day.
Okay! I hope that answers your question.
I hope that answers your question.
Oh, that and a lot of others, too.
Let's go over that again. You say you saw some kind of monster?
Monster? Oh, yeah, it was Bob.
Monster? Oh, yeah, it was Bob.
Good! And, uh...
No, the human mind plays strange tricks.
Yeah!
I'm sure you thought you saw some kind of monster,
but after all, we've put a man on the Moon.
A man on the Moon.
And what's happened to that man on the Moon?
Hello, you're on the Moon.
What are you guys going to help me? I've been here for months waiting.
Stop mooning over the microphone and state your short question, please.
Stop mooning over the microphone and state your short question, please.
Stop mooning over the microphone and state your short question, please.
And I'm tired of the system running me down
And I'm not gonna take anymore
I'm gonna laugh at him
I'm gonna laugh, I'm gonna laugh, by the way
Prototypical Jerry Lewisoid
A coprolite of the mid-thuringian group
The eldest oyster winked his eye
But never a word, he said
The eldest oyster looked at him and shook his weary head
Meaning to say he did not choose to leave the oyster bed
Catherine Robbins
But whither goest thou?
Potatoes, the potatoes, dear friends
Come and listen to me
Come and listen to me
Come and listen to me
You must know about a man named
Dad
Poor matinee, a bill that gets his family
Bad
Then one day he was shoot for survival
Up from the ground came a public
Rude
Black gold
Texas D
The first thing you know
Old Jed's a million hair
State books
Jed, move away from there
Ted Keller
California is the place you ought to be
Load it up there
Track
Move to Beverly
Lee
The
We are swimming pools
Movie stars
We are swimming pools
Movie stars
Swimming pools
Movie stars
Y'all come back now, hear ya
The end
The end


Oh, yes, dear friends
That's rock and roll from the potatoes right here in Dallas
Uh, in fact, what the words do you address?
Yes, 715 Huntley Street
Dallas, Texas
75214
The mighty Lakewood Post Office again
715 Huntley Street for the Potato Information Bureau
And that was the clamp it rap, dear friends
Wow, I wish I hadn't brought my destroyed
I wish I hadn't brought my destroyed
version of the uh swinging erudites uh record that really threw me that threw me
threw me way off but it's rock and roll you know all of it
man i like saw the wildest chick like at the concert last night okay i mean she was just like
completely into the out of it man i mean you say she was so far out she's like gonna need
a space capsule to get back in dig i mean she was just like leopard skin mini skirting across
the dance floor okay and then she just like took out this knife i mean her eyes were just like
completely glazed over man she didn't even know where she was at okay she just took this knife
out and she just started like just plunging it into this other girl's back just like again and
again it was so heavy
i just
i just

like took some of the blood in my hand because i just wanted to like share what she was saying and
and it i just started standing in the sunlight laughing because it like hit me
that chick was just really beautiful drugs they're really beautiful man
oh that was jayner hyper cleats dear friends
we're all going over to ivan steig's house for breakfast
and just like the old traditional breakfast of philo's before he moved all the way out to new mexico
and there he is swimming his way up the mississippi river yeah like a tiny microbe which now extends to new mexico due to the strange effects of the test
dr philo drummond swimming he's the one with the lower intestine of the of this nation
of this nation
way down the small intestinal
far far away
That's where the ice cream cones are placed.
That's where the eclairs stay.
Well, I guess we better start cleaning up here.
It's almost time to get down to the airport.
Now, I want Arnold to carry all the papers over to the side of the class,
and we're going to dump them in the incinerator,
and when we torch the generator, we'll burn up your extra credit assignments.
It's time for the little show almost to go home.
It seems over so quickly here on the show.
The show was beautiful out here tonight.
So we're at the airport with our tickets in hand, ready to fly back to Dallas.
God, is this flight never going to end.
I'm leaving on the show plane.
I don't know when I'll be back again.
When will I wake up?
Never.
Must wake up.
Never.
Must wake up.
Not let show control me any longer.
Squirt.
In other news, doctors expected tests to show no recurrence
of the operation on Reagan's plane.
Now I understand.
I see it all so clearly.
And now I'm part of the show.
And I want to bring others into the fold.
We need more people on the show, and more and more.
So line up here on Shattuck Avenue.
We'll be accepting applicants all during the week.
The studio here is littered with bodies.
There's J. Perriot Erickson laying on the ground, dead, of show.
Not J. Perriot.
There, Palmer Maverick.
Palmer.
The little drummer boy.
Me bees.
Me bees.
Lays.
More bee bees.
With a gun in his hand.
A smoking gun in his own hand.
Always.
And what about him, buddy?
There, buck naked lays.
Horribly slaughtered.
Ritualistically carved up.
And Jane, her hyper cleats, next to him.
Dead in a...
Hey, come on, man.
I want to watch what she's doing here.
So if this show crashes.
Evil Pat.
Get out of here.
Oh, that stuff never works.
And how are you going to use your seat as a flotation device in the middle of the Mojave
Desert?
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's all a hokum.
If you go, you gotta go.
Just drink one of these little bottles of alcohol and enjoy the flight.
And I'll follow it anywhere.
Till the sun begs more hardly.
Mommy, they're having sex on the other side of the aisle.
Stop the plane.
They're having sex.
Yes, I know.
Mommy, they're having a sex act on the other side of the plane.
And I'll follow it.
As the show begins to deteriorate.
I don't know what they're doing.
We begin to wish you a furry, hairy goodbye.
And I heard them explain as they fled out of sight.
Dr. Howell's ears are thinking bye-bye.
There are lies in the sky.
Say goodnight.
And they're hanging out of Bob's pipe.
In other news.
There's a Bob in my pocket.
And it stays up all night.
Well, thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And you can now go to bed.









Now, right to the subgenius foundation or Bob for free information from once again,
P.O.
Box one four oh three oh six in Dallas, Texas, seven five two one four.
You know, we were going to read the report.
We're going to start the report tonight from high weirdness by mail because it's not in
the stores yet.
You can't you know, you can't buy it or anything.
And it's full of weirdness.
It's full of these these amazing listings of the weirdest stuff that the Church of the
subgenius has ever discovered.
But as usual, I ran out of time.
So stay tuned, please, for Robert Wisdom's American Music Party.
I'm sure some of you just can't wait for that one to come on and this one to go off.
And we'll leave you with this and maybe something else.
Look at the screen, John.
Look at the screen.
Look at the screen.
That television screen was lighted up, although the switch was off.
I pulled the cord out of the wall, but the light stayed on.
Listen, we were scared.
And I said to whatever was contacting me, are you of the Christ?
And the screen lit up with an oversized ball of pure white light.
It just filled that room.
I was hooked.
We talked to that unplugged television set for an hour.
It constantly flashed balls of light to answer questions.
They went up and down the screen.
They crossed from side to side.
There was clear evidence that we were in contact.
Well, this story is getting a little out of hand, John.
Were you really in contact?
Well, I say yes.
But not with a living God.
Our contact was with the things of Satan.
We'd hold a seance and results were prompt.
The Ouija board was very active and very terrifying.
It always worked.
We never had any problem with it.
None at all.
If you're thinking about starting to smoke, chances are there'll come a time when you'll be thinking seriously about quitting.
Why don't you just think about that now?
A question from the Dallas office of the American Heart Association.
Oh.
And friends, here's one last.
I'm gonna leave you.
We got three minutes left, I guess.
Leave you with this one from our old, whole church member, Charlie Manson.
He was a dreamer.
We have a dream, too.
I kill, too, Bob.
It's all in the eyes of the dreamer.
It's all in the eyes of the man.
All the things that we've done in life.
And all the things that we've planned.
Can the world be sad as it seems?
Where are man's hopes?
Where are man's dreams?
Or the eyes of the dreamer?
In the eyes of the man.
All the songs have been sung.
And all the saints have been hung.
The wars and cries have been wailed.
And all the people have been jailed.
The world is yours, my friend.
It's yours to begin or to end.
Oh, the eyes of the dreamer.
In the eyes of the man.
Take nothing from nothing.
Brother, and it's all just the same.
For the loser is the winner.
And there ain't no winner.
And there ain't no blame.
It's just the end of the game.
The moment is ever constant in the mind.
Everywhere I look, the blind leaves the blind.
Yes, you're my friend.
