It feels like your skin is being torn right off you and then you ache all over and get sick and you can't breathe.
Your nose runs and you have a high fever and then you pass out, but when you wake up it starts all over again.
The Self Genius Power of Swag.
Such a stupid, ghastly, tragic mistake.
Tonight's show is a mix of old and young.
Part of it is old me and old lonesome cowboy Dave.
A new call-in recording.
And the young folks are from the last X-Day drill in Florida.
Reverend Fid Chooley of the Super Sphere denomination.
And the Time for the Show show fame.
Hosting a late night...
Sorry.
All night Sunday night in fact at X-Day.
And his first guest was Reverend Purge who is a very pretty young black trans woman with great knockers who is an adult film star.
So it's a different show.
Like I say, it's the old and the young.
Not exactly getting.
Together but contrasting I guess in some way.
And I'm not sure what order it's going to be in but let's just wing it.
And praise Bob.
By the way I'm recording this out in the woods taking a break from walking the dogs with Princess Wave.
Ahhh.
And it's hot.
Yes.
But we have special little plastic cheap chairs.

And wind chimes.
Yes.
But the wind isn't blowing.
No.
It's hot.
It's hot.
Anyway back to this week's strange hour of slack young and old mix.
Praise Bob.
Yai yai yai yai yai yai yai yai yai.
I don't really yell too much and if I do I yell quietly.
It sucks.
Slightly.
Old crow.
Can you hear me all right up there?
Can you hear me?
All right cool cool cool.
And just make it so everybody has to hear it.





Old crow.
Sorry.
I think if we just put the floaty in it that's fine.
Okay.
You are now live on freethinkradio.com.
Oh my God.
We are live on freethinkradio.com.
Hello everybody.
It is the too late show with Dr. Beelzebub.
Crow.
Bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow.
Bow.
If you have a great day, you're not going to be a fool.
And you know what, folks, we got a special show for you tonight.
We got a lot going on.
We've got a marriage that we're going to officiate.
Maybe even get a little you know consummation going on stage.
I don't know.
This might be the wrong part of the resort for that.
I understand there is a nudist part of the resort and then a fucking part of the resort
and I don't know if those are the same thing or a different thing.
You know either way.
Thank you.
You know, we got a lot going on.
Okay, this is X-Day.
I never really knew that X-Day was a thing until I accidentally wandered down here.
I got on the wrong megabus, and I got off here at this resort,
and these fantastic people, they started telling me about UFOs.
And if you know anything about our show, you know, we talk about UFOs a lot.
We think about UFOs a lot.
We like to make foods, you know, kind of shaped like UFOs from time to time.
You know, UFO pies and, you know, cookies and that sort of thing.
But the point that I'm trying to get across here, folks, is this shit is weird.
All right, this is allegedly the Church of the Subgenius.
Now, from what I understand, we worship a guy named J.R. Bob Dobbs, all right?
And there's a deep mythology and, indeed, a theology associated with Mr. J.R. Bob Dobbs.
But tonight, folks, we're going to highlight for you what we've learned about the Church of the Subgenius over the last few days.
We've met some...
We've met some really lovely people here in Florida over the last few days.
And we would like to sort of, you know, bring that to you back at home, wherever that is.
You know, probably you're watching YouTube.
A lot of people watch us while they're taking a shit.
A lot of people watch us while they're supposed to be doing their homework.
That's kind of, you know, that's one of our big demographics, people trying to do homework.
We also, we get a lot of traffic from people that click on the wrong video.
And a lot of times when you're in a K-hole, you can't really click away from the video that you accidentally clicked on.
So you end up watching our shit for about an hour and a half.
You wake up later on, you're like, oh, did I even do ketamine?
I feel so dumb.
I usually don't feel this dumb when I wake up from a ketamine binge.
Not that I know anything about that, folks.
I don't do...
Well...
All right, nicotine doesn't count as a drug.
I guess, also, alcohol doesn't count as a drug.
Ketamine doesn't count as a drug.
None of that stuff is drugs.
Look, folks, I'm sorry.
I'm getting distracted.
I'm getting distracted.
Let me introduce you to our crew real quick.
Okay, you know, on the ones and twos and, you know, threes and fours,
and there's probably even other numbers,
we've got Mr. Jonah Jones.
Call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call.
And then, of course, we have our inestimable producer, Mr. Daniel Holmes.
Call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call, call.
And running our chyron in the back, you know, we have Dr. Beef Supreme.
Dr. Beef Supreme.
He's around here somewhere.
Oh, there he is.
That's that motherfucker.
So we're going to get right around to it, folks.
Look, we've got a very small time slot today, okay?
We're going to be on for about 10 or 15 minutes,
and then we're going to be on for the next eight hours.
So, you know, settle in.
Grab yourself, you know, whatever you need to tie off with,
and join us for a long, weird trip down J.R. Bob Dobbs Lane.
So here's a question.
Where's my second microphone?
Because this is, like, allegedly a talk show,
and if I don't have two microphones, then I can't really, you know,
I can't really talk to anybody, you know.
I can talk to myself, but, you know, nobody wants to fucking see that.
Well, so, I've actually, you know, over the last few days,
I've learned a lot about myself and the limits of moisture.
You know.
I, myself, you know, a lot of folks might not know this,
but I'm actually the half-son of Satan.
So, like, I'm used to a hot climate, you know.
I spent, you know, most of my summers as a child.
Oh, that's a microphone right there.
Bazinga.
I can solve it.
Oh, that's fucking beautiful.
Whoa, it's got a little, it's got a ninja star attached to it.
You can be.
Yeah, it's the kind of microphone you can throw that through the air,
like, really do some damage to somebody.
This is a microphone.
This should be good.
Oh, my God.
Does it, does it say call?
It says call.
Oh, good, good.
Call, call, call, call, call, call, call.
No, this is actually, this is a nice mic.
This one's nice and loud.
Well, I mean, but I'm loud.
Oh, I can be louder.
Well, that's not, that's not good.
Oh, wait, that's not the goal.
Dude, you know, I'm the fucking star of the show.
You're the producer.
Oh, oh.
You can't fucking be louder than me.
I'm just fading into the background.
I will have a meltdown on stage right now.
Not in front of the PA.
I will cry, okay?
Okay, we should get.
Just don't be louder than me.
Okay.
It's important.
All right, sorry, everybody.
I mean, for my producer to upstage me like a fucking monster.
Anyway.
All right.
I, you know, I, I, I see, I, I think I see out here in the audience one of our, one of
our lovely guests for this evening.
Would you like to come up on stage and join us for, for a brief moment?
Call.
Make, make some room for our guest, goddammit.
Well, hi, hi, hi.
Welcome to the show.



I'm Dr. James Crow.
Hi, Dr. Crow.
I'm Dr. Purge.
Dr. Purge, it's really nice to meet you.
So, tell me, what brings you to X Day?
Are you here for the UFOs or the guy with the pipe?
What, what, what initially drew you to the Church of the Subgenius?
I wasn't drawn to the Church of the Subgenius.
I was drafted.
Oh, okay, okay.
Like a, kind of a military style, you were forced into service.
Yes, it's that sometimes it doesn't take any time.
It doesn't take, it doesn't take a lot of time.
It's like you stepping forward, it takes everyone else stepping back.
That's true.
You're the only, the lone survivor.
If you wanna make it like a true survivor.
A true survivor.
And, and, and when was this that you were drafted?
I mean, how long have you been a part of the Church?
Oh, time is a, is an illusion, but also I'm not great with it either.
That's a solid fucking point.
A couple of years.
Okay, all right, well, several years.
That's good enough for me.
I, I can't really count much higher than eight or nine anyway, just between the two of us.
So, like, anything beyond that could just be a little bit more.
I can't really go over my head.
And, and so, what do you do in the Church?
You know, I, I, from what I understand, I've been watching a lot of people in leadership
roles and non-leadership roles, and I can't really tell what anyone's deal is.
Like, is this a, is this an organization?
Is this a roving gypsy party style event?
What's going on here at X Day?
Help me understand.
Is that leadership roles aren't doled out?
They're taken.
They have to be claimed.
Yes, they have to be claimed.
Is that it is, oh God, you're going to break, break me into a story, aren't you?
I mean, I, I like stories.
Is that, um, upon my first X Day, again, just like yourself, I did not know that X Day was
a thing that actually occurred.
I thought it was something that happened in the past.
Something that you saw in, sorry, God.
Okay, all right, I'm into the mic.
Is this any better?
All right.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.

I'm going to go.
But yes, I didn't know that the, um, X Day actually still occurred.
And when I was told, again, I don't know if you guys can tell online, um, probably with
the white balance of the way it's set, I'm probably an unlocked character at this point.
Um.
A mystery character has appeared.
You need more badges to unlock me.
But, um, I'm of a darker skin tone and with all the history and things that come with
that.
I was not fully mentally prepared for what I was about to witness.
And also I didn't know what to expect.
I just thought two white people were going to take me into the woods and do terrible
things.
That's just how it goes.
There's a history there.
Yeah.
But when I, upon arriving, upon arriving, I, um, was greeted with community and love
and kindness and just this great, uh, social structure.
And, um.
It was just madness and terror and jenkom fumes and it was just.
All the beautiful things in life all combined into one.
However, this year there is no jenkom.
You have to bring your own.
We have running water.
It is nice.
Yeah, that is nice.
But my car didn't get hot enough on the way down here.
So I'm still, I'm still trying to get my second badge going.
Give it time.
Okay.
Okay.
It will eventually ferment and mature.
Okay.
Yes.

I like that you, you talked about sort of being surprised by the amount of community
that you saw here.
Like I've been following the writings of the church and I've been listening to the hour
of slack for a long time now.
And, and there's a, there's a very powerful sarcastic edge to, to the church's comedy.
I thought that I might be able to get more of that in the personal interactions that
I got here, but everyone has been so kind and loving and welcoming.
It, it really is a beautiful contrast.
Uh, to the sort of the, you know, the kind of the edge humor that, that happens a lot,
you know, around subgenius media.
I love it so far.
Yes.
Is that one of the biggest things that they think that when they look at our readings,
they look at our rants and our teachings that they think that we're just generally hateful
assholes.
And that's true.
We are hateful assholes, but it's a clean burning hate.
It's an efficient hate.
Right.

That's not a coal style hate.
This is a nuclear hate.
Yes.
Okay.
Nuclear.
Nuclear.
Nu-cu-lar.
Yeah.
There you go.
You'll get it.
I think that's right.
I'll get there eventually.
From PR News in Washington, I'm releasing a report with 40 recommendations that left
10 people dead.
The actual number of deaths was more than 4,600.
Governor says the Resolver can make in-plan the all tougher red metal gun locks to help
identify PR News.
The United States is running out of immigrant children who are being separated from PR News.
Immigrant children usually stay in bed.
Immigrant children jump PR News illegally, unlawfully, in empty government buildings.
22%, 95%.
Retail giant Walmart is threatening to disrupt Canada's second largest PR News.
In Washington, I'm Mike Pearson.
We'll be right back.
Hello?
Dave, listen, I have a UFO.
What the hell is that?
It's a little flying saucer.
Very small.
A theremin?
Yeah.
A little flying saucer that, I forget where it came from.
I wish it still had a theremin because I could use one like a sword.
Wait.
I'm having trouble understanding you for some reason.















Well, that's a cognitive problem in your brain.
So, I'll pretend that I just called you.
Okay.
Hello, Dave.
Hi.
How you doing?
Hi, Doug.
How you doing?
Hey, Dave.
We didn't really talk for a minute or two before we started this recording or anything.
That's right.
We didn't.
I didn't cut anything off the beginning, any clumsy, awkward sound problems.
Oh, yeah.
Sound problems.






Sound problems, overtures, and various physical liabilities, too, as well.
Well, we actually have those very much so today because any minute, all four dogs might
start barking frantically at deer.
There's a tribe of deer or deer-like things that have decided that our backyard is their
toilet.
Well, that's a good idea.
I thought there were bums and...
Other homeless people that would walk by and they saw the sign.
I mean, you put it up.
No, we only have homeless animals out here.
It's too far for bums to walk.
Well, do they need toilet paper and other explanatory vows or are they pretty much...
Maybe I shouldn't leave the rolls of toilet paper hanging from trees because that may
be what's drawing the deer.
It's confusing.
It's making me think, come on home and we'll have some sauerkraut and some...
Some pickles and honest eggs and stuff like that and we leave ourselves with nature's
problems.
Yeah.
Nature's vowels, I would say.
Nature's vowels because it's more of a vowel sound.
Well, the deer leave all these little piles of smart pills all over the yard.
The dogs are not very smart.
They try to eat them if we walk them around back there.
See, the deer don't come into the fence part.
Let's call them.
Let's call that the front yard.
It's fenced and the dogs can't get out and the deer can't get in or don't want to.
Then there's, let's call it the backyard, which is for all intents and purposes, endless
wilderness.
Yeah, we'll call it the backyard.
Yeah.
And so the varmints come and go, raccoons and possums, foxes and...
Armadillos?
Armadillos.
Armadillos, yeah.
They all go under the back porch with the cats and play poker and smoke cigars.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure.
Yeah.
That's what I was told would probably happen next.
Yeah.
With the vowels and the chocolate bars and the cigars.
And the wasps and centipedes don't, apparently don't interfere with the game like they do
with me.
You know, I went to the hospital with a wasp sting.
I was in the hospital with a wasp sting all of a sudden a couple of months ago.
I never used to be allergic like that.
But my nurse, Reverend Anna Phylaxis, gave me a bunch of injections that made me fall
asleep practically right there at the hospital.
It saved me from dying.
Now I have a special shot that if I go exploring out in the woods, which I don't do anymore,
I can give my wife a shot.


I can give myself an injection.
Yeah.
Just to tell you that, my crammer around with you like it was a bad joke.
And if the highway patrol ever stops, you can just like jump out of the car and stick
it in their arm and let them chase you all summer.
At least for a few more years.
Yeah.
The cops chasing me?
I don't want to do that either.
I'm just getting tired of running, you know.
I can't run.
I can't run.
I can't run anymore.
I don't know what to tell you what to do.
You're still wearing the sports sneakers.
I made all these trails, these secret trails that lead from my house down to the
creek and various other hideouts.
And in case the black helicopters show up, you know, I'm always ready to bolt.
As long as they don't have stand sniffing dogs, they wouldn't be able to follow me.
Of course, I'm not sure where I'd go after I die.
Yeah.
I'm not sure where I'd go after I got down to the creek.
Well, I heard that they're using, they are now using, stand sniffing dogs in almost every
adventure with Mr. Stang.
Yeah, that's what I heard too.
So I don't want to have any more adventures.
I really hate adventures.
I had a bunch over the years and they all were terrifying and tiring and hurtful and
traumatizing.
Well, maybe you need a nice big pair of pants.

Yeah.
And a pair of panties and a brassiere and confuse the animals into thinking you're
something you're not.
Like maybe, you know, a great college professor or a cyclops or something.
I don't know.
But get them on a different track.
No, just wear a wig and a dress and tell them that I'm the queen of England and they better
leave me alone.
Oh, well, that sounds great.
Yeah, I got that idea from my Cheech and Chong game.
There's a game that tells you to be a cheech and chong.



And you dress up like the queen of England.
Well, Chong was going to get deported.
Because he's Canadian.
I don't know if you knew that.
But Chong of Cheech and Chong is Canadian.
So they were going to deport him.
So he dressed as the queen of England.
And the mayor believed him and fell in love with him and tried to seduce him really hard.
Yeah.
Well, it sounds good so far.
Yeah.
So what happened?
Then what did happen?
He got deported and that was the end of it?
Oh, no.
Then Bigfoot showed up and it distracted everybody from Chong being deported.
And that just sort of got forgotten because of Bigfoot, the aliens.
Yeah.
Now there's aliens in it.
In fact, there's also aliens in my other game.
The Trailer Park Boys Greasy Money.
I've gotten really far in both of these games.
I make like an assload-tillion as soon as I start up a business in those things now.
Because they're so upgraded and corrupt.
You did confuse me because you had me thinking it was all part of the backyard.
And now you're telling me it's a game.
A video game.
Well, no.
No, that's just where I got the idea of dressing up like the Queen of England and telling the
black helicopters that, hey, hey, don't mess with me.
I'm the Queen of England.
You're trying to start a ... I'd say it's like in a British accent.
You're trying to start an international incident now, are you?
Bloody well, better not be.
See, that's pretty convincing, isn't it?
Yeah.
That's what I was hoping for.
Yeah.
All the time doing our time sheets together there.
Right.
I wanted to see you dressed like that and you did it.
And so now I feel much better.
My beard might throw them off a little bit.
Well, beards throw everybody off a little bit.
That's not your problem.
If they don't like a beard, you go tell them to go take a royal hike.
Right.
I've got a phone app called Faceplant or something like that.
And you can take a picture of anybody and replace a movie actor with your face.
For some reason, Bob's face doesn't work because it can't handle the pipe.
Yeah.
But my face, it works with my face pretty well.
And so I've added more.
My face to Marilyn Monroe movies and Sophia Loren movies and Thai dancer ballerina movies and stuff.
And it's really hideous and scary.
You can see it on my YouTube.
I think it's called Bobmations or something like that.
It's the latest in my experimental animations playlist.
It's really pretty sickening.
So you did, you photoshopped your head into the body of a Thai.
Well, it's moving.
It's moving.

The funny thing is it adds your face onto, say, Marilyn Monroe.
And she's talking or singing.
And when she smiles, you smile.
And when she closes her eyes, you close your eyes.
It's quite realistic.
It's like an instant deep fake.
I could add my face to Joe Biden's speeches and everybody would think I was the president.
I have a stutter similar to his.
And they'd be able to collect blooper reels and say I was falling down.
I'm senile.
Really, I'm just falling asleep.
Senile.
Yeah.
I'm not falling down from the senility.
Just falling asleep from it.
So as my ex-wife used to say, though, senility is the last thing you have to worry about.
Yeah, I know.
Real funny.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I still don't understand if you're in a Thai movie, the queen of Thailand has your face on, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And she's singing and dancing and everything.
And she's singing like that lady that's in the bridal movies.
It's really disturbing.
They all...
In bridal movies.
I'm sorry.
Well, I'd look a little better on monster movie characters and things like that.
But the female characters, it looks like my mom with a beard and glasses.
Everybody looks like that to me in some way or another.
Everybody looks like your mom with a beard?
Yeah.
Or your mom with a beard too.
In fact...
I saw a movie in which this mentally ill man, superhero, was so traumatized by his evil mother,
who gave him his unique powers at a great cost.
And everyone he sees looks like his mom, which makes it easy for him to kill people because he hates her so much.
And they have scenes where he tells somebody, well, I find it easy to kill others because everyone looks like my mom.
And you see, for a couple of times, you see through his eyes.
And sure enough, everyone looks like him.
Even his mom.
The fat guy looks like a fat version of his mom.
The skinny guy looks like a skinny version of his mom.
Everyone looks like his mom.
And the strange superpower that is given to this man in this movie called The Suicide Squad is that he can shoot polka dots out of his flesh.
These polka dot tumors form all over his body.
And when they build up too much and he becomes too hideous,
he expels them and they blow things up.
Polka dots.
Multi-colored, gaily colored polka dots come shooting out of this guy's diseased body and, like, blow up buildings and stuff.
That's his superpower.
That sounds like a good weapon to use.
Polka dot man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That sounds exciting.
My friend Dr. Philo Drummond started a Facebook page called Bad Supervillain.
He's got super villain and super hero names.
And I should just read a list of them, but I don't have it in front of me.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I was going to say.
Read a list, but you don't have it in front of me.
Right.
I also have a list of all the mystery men who weren't in the mystery men movie but are mentioned in it.
And they're pretty funny.
There's, like, the Waffler ballerina man.
The Waffler?
Yeah.

French tickler.
Oh, Lucky Pierre and the French tickler.
White flight and black rage or something like that.
Another Paramed in Heaven, yeah.
Yeah.
All these superhero things that are pretty funny.
And I'm hoping they're all, if not heterosexual, at least some form of sexual.
Yeah.
Oh, they're all over the place.
I saw another superhero movie called The Old Guard, which was really pretty fun.
And it has these five immortals that have been around for thousands of years living in secret,
mostly doing good deeds by killing lots of bad guys.
And two of the five immortals are gay men that are really, really deeply in love with each other,
which is an unusual aspect for a superhero movie.
They're always holding hands and hugging and kissing and stuff.
And then they kick ass, you know, and kill bad guys.
I just learned there's going to be a sequel to it.
I'm very excited about that, actually.
Yeah, that's usually where I put the bookmark in there.
And I read a couple of chapters post-tense.
And into the next.
And it's part.
Because I don't want to, you know, think too many thoughts at one time.
Because this has easily crushed my brain.
Does anybody else?
You know, so.
Well, yeah, your brain crushes mine every time we do a show.
Mine in reverse, too.
It's the same thing to you.
And when I listen back to it, it's like I have to relive getting my brain crushed over and over again.
Well, I'm sorry about that.
That part, I couldn't help that.
I know.
Well, Dr. Hal does it, too.
He crushes my brain.
Philo does.
Philo is one of the only people who doesn't crush my brain.
Because we have almost exactly the same brain powers or lack thereof.
And also, we tend to sound a little bit alike.
So it doesn't matter which one of us says what.
It's going to come out the same way either way.
Yeah.
Like an Andrew Flaxloid or whatever.
Yeah.
People can't tell us apart except that I'm so much better looking than him.
Well, I heard this one woman scream out in the middle of the parking lot.
It's alive.
It's alive.
And it was pointed at a picture.
And it looked like you dressed up as the queen of Thailand.
Yeah.
And Philo dressed up as the queen of England.
Right.
That's Philo Dina.
Philo Dina.
A tea party, you know.
Yeah.
With everything that you could imagine at a tea party besides tea.
Sandwiches, cookies, Godzilla voices.
So what do you do outside of the Church of the Subgenius?
Oh, I'm an adult film star.
Wait, what?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Like you didn't know.
Oh, I guess I did.
A little behind the scenes here.
I actually don't meet these people on stage for the first time.
We talked beforehand.
And I know you don't want to see how the sauce...
Sausage is made.
But I feel like we do want to be transparent here.
They do with me.
Oh, oh, oh, I see.
So let's get into the sausage a little bit.
Okay.
So you're part of the adult film industry.
Yes, yes I am.
So how did you first get into that?
Was it, were you a self-starter?
Were you approached?
How did you first get into it?
Um, huh.
Again, another thing you can't tell probably from the fact that I'm a film star.









I'm a person who has a lot to learn from the camera is that I'm trans.
Okay.
Very proudly so.
But like at, in my own personal headcanon, I believe that at one point in time, earlier
on in life, I really, really wanted to be a porn star.
And somewhere a monkey's hand slowly closed.
And it trans-ed my gender.
And yeah.
It's much easier to be a porn star when you're a girl.
So yeah, things were made, things were made, things happened.










I approached the studio
they said yes
I don't know why
but they did say yes
they saw something in you
or something that they wanted to be in you
exactly
and it just has been going on well ever since
like the most put together my life has ever been
is when I became a porn star
oh that's great
yeah it's great
so tell me a little bit about the day-to-day logistics of this
like I'm always fascinated with like the minutiae of jobs
how do you schedule stuff?
like do you do it months in advance?
weeks in advance?
is it kind of a spur of the moment thing from time to time?
is that it is a bit of a spur of the moment thing
however you're doing well if you have two weeks of content prepared in advance
for bigger studio shoots
you may have those planned months in advance
like I had my August schedule planned in February
okay well all right that's pretty far in advance
I'm going to be doing like
eight shoots in the span of a week and a half
I don't know how
sounds exhausting
oh yes
do you just have to get like a flat of Powerade
and like a bunch of cashews
like how do you survive it?
oh um oh that's cool things I can talk about
the logistics of a porn girl's like packing
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
um usually pack uh several things
several interchangeable outfits for lingerie
okay sure sure sure um do you usually so do you do uh mainly video or mainly photography or both?
um is that
I do video primarily um however there is usually photo shoots of about 150 200 photos per scene
um little things behind the scenes that usually um in porn like when you look at the photos they
aren't just stills of the video you actually restage that
those events that timeline in photos
you get the storyboard you go through it again
exactly okay okay
so you take the pictures and then you go through that those actions and try to hit those same markers
interesting so are okay here's kind of a weird question are there any directors
that are good at the photo shoot part but total trash at the video or vice versa
uh yeah however I have been blessed with seeing multiple good um well-versed producers slash directors and stuff
photographers usually they start in camera photography stills and then they go on to do
video that makes sense yeah get the static stuff down first and then you're able to do the dynamic
stuff a little more easily and they usually have some every producer usually has their own formula
of how they like things to go okay sure and so they'll do the same things over and over again
they kind of have a a grindhouse style of production yeah yeah yeah yeah because for a
lot of porn production companies like they're putting out a shitload of scenes all the time
like i would imagine like as a producer for that you gotta like you gotta get people in and out the
door oh yeah is that um the typical porn scene on in my particular case lasts about two hours
okay all right all right how much of that is down time like how what is the longest out of
stretch that you'll actually be filming um usually i count it from when things start
sometimes there is
makeup and like production but usually when you get there everyone's already there and set up
and you're the diva late to the party yeah yeah i i love being in that position personally
as a host i love bitching at my staff you know being like yeah you got the wrong m&ms
you're probably a lot nicer than the people that you work with you know these are technically
i don't pay them so it's a much less professional relationship yeah
from a PR news story


news in washington i'm at a televised press conference today that was staged as part of a
scheme to expose an alleged racist russian intelligence plot after an explosion in
kentucky fire officials appear to be an accident tweet tweet tweet tweet broadway officially ended
this week two gross people were injured sharply according to statistics close to 14 million 0.9
and 1.7 billion 0.1 percent can be explained by
PR News. The Commerce Department is posting a 2.2 percent of roughly 3.4 percent.
The Russian foreign ministry says this is PR News. I've got to watch this recorder here. I just,
it went from two, the battery was at two of four and now it's at one of four.
One of four. Yeah. It'll either. I don't know what that means.
Well, it's like, it's like cell phone power. You know, it's like, I'm only getting one bar.
Oh my God. I don't, I'm not getting any bars. This is a dry County. There's no bars out here.
Is it really a dry County? No, no. Where I am is you can't get hard liquor except in,
you have to join a club for an hour to drink a hard liquor, but they don't sell it in stores here.
They used to be dry until my,
my family moved here and my father, the lawyer put an end to that first thing.
Then, then he quit. Then after, then he quit drinking.
Well, nice gift to the rest of the community.
He was, he was a heavy drinker and he moved out here and he said, I'm going to have to make this
County wet again. And he did. And, uh, and then a few years later he kind of went,
I don't think I better drink anymore ever again.
And he was 45.
When that happened and he turned into a really nice guy.
Yeah. Strange.
Yeah. But his old drinking buddies thought he was, you know, it's like, what happened to captain
Stang? He's, he's not, he, what, what happened? Do you, do you know why he quit? And I said,
I always guessed that maybe he woke up in a ditch with his car rolled over on its side.
Somebody's bloody panties in his mouth.
And he,
and he doesn't even know who's they were and where they came from.
Yeah.
That's what I assume.
Usually. Yeah. That's what usually happens.
Yeah.
Why'd you quit drinking? Because well, why? Because the same reason most people quit drinking.
Yeah. That was why I quit drinking, but then it happened again and it traumatized me so much.
I started drinking again.
Yeah. You can't, you can't go 70 and 35 mile an hour zone. You just can't, you can't do that anymore.
I'll tell you what I have not operated a motor vehicle under the influence of
anything in years and years,
Not even Polish cake?
Well, my riding mower.
Yeah. And the utility vehicle that my dad left me that it's
prinses now used to used to drive way out to the back 40 and, uh, work on my globe. No,
no. We, we, we let go. Um, that's no good. Yeah. Unless they do this Medical have a together mat grind, have they, have they ever done this with a mental fit? Because I think enforceers are afraid of toxic◉ I would
We were actually cleaning out dinosaur tracks and making casts of them.
And then when we were finished, we'd celebrate by drinking two beers each.
And then we'd drive back real crazy, wild, screaming.
But this is our own property.
So, you know, and there's no—we're not likely to run into anybody else
except my drunken nephews and nieces driving their utility vehicles all over,
or their dirt bikes and stuff.
Well, you're allowed to be a yahoo on your own time.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Actually, somebody told me that in Texas it's illegal to drink and drive on your own property.
And this is supposed to be a patriotic state where you can do anything you want
except get a shot and wear a mask.
You better not do that because, you know, the government has control over your body for that.
Yeah.
And abortion.
You can't get an abortion and you can't get a shot.
Because what will the neighbors think?
Speaking of which, you know, the only person who comes here is a nurse for my mother-in-law,
my 92-year-old mother-in-law.
This nurse comes twice a week.
And she told me about two weeks ago,
we went out to the Rangers game and sat in the stands and just hollered and yelled.
And I realized this woman in front of me, although she was wearing a mask,
was in a crowd of screaming rural Texans in the big city packed together.
I bet she comes down with the COVIDs.
And she did.
She had to call in sick on Tuesday and say, I can't come in because I got a fever.
And it turned out she did indeed have COVID.
And I hope she can handle it at home because we ain't got no beds left in this county or the next county
or the county after that.
They have to fly people to Oklahoma.
Because they're slightly less backwards there, believe it or not.
It's shocking.
But they've legalized medical marijuana in Oklahoma and Arkansas.
But not Texas.
Oh, hell no.
That's just what the people want.
Like Governor Frankenfurter or whatever his name is.
Oh, God.
Oh, Jesus.
It's quite an anal mess of garbage.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
They.
You know, the funny thing is they thought that the COVID was just going to kill ethnic groups in big cities
that traditionally vote Democrat.
And it did at first.
But now it's starting to hit the people who I'm not going to wear a mask even if God King Trump tells me to get a shot.
I'm not going to get that.
King Trump.
Yeah.
And they.
And now they're dying like flies.
There's going to be a lot fewer, let's say, red state type voters soon.
So there is a silver lining, you could say.
And people are starting to say that, too, I've noticed.
I think we talked about this.
I was wondering about the same thing about Sturgis.
If that turned out to be.
Oh, yeah.
The Sturgis biker.
Biker rally.
Yeah.
I ain't afraid of no.
COVID.
I'm a tough guy.
I can't breathe.
I ain't going to get no shot.
What do you think?
I'm stupid.
Yeah.
One of them guys in the news, he said, why are you doing this?
It's my freedom.
Right.
Well, that's, you know.
Well, it's my freedom to drive a car at 120 miles an hour with my headlights off at night.
That's my freedoms.
Yeah.
I don't need to obey red lights and stop.
I'm not going to let my freedoms be abridged by a robot.
I actually heard one of my dad's cousins when I was about six years old.
The concept of traffic lights had just been invented in this little South Carolina town.
And this redneck cousin was saying, I'm not going to obey no robot.
That's just crazy.
So to him.
To him, it was an infringement on his rights to have to stop at an intersection and let
somebody else go through.
It was like, I guess he must have gotten.
Oh, no, he didn't get used to it.
Come to think of it.
He lives in Thailand or someplace now.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, he can't afford to live anywhere else.
I thought he took the road insecure, you know, and decided just to go and rat himself out
and live somewhere where they didn't have any kind of robot machines.
Because I robot says that you must never hurt another robot or maybe it's people or one
or the other.
You're not allowed to harm them.
Unless, of course, you got the adequate equipment like guns and firecrackers and stuff.
I had a job in Beijing, China in 1986.
And they they didn't have traffic lights.
And most people were on foot or bicycles.
But there were lots of cabs.
And of course, I have no idea what it's like now.
But these cabs wouldn't stop for anything.
In fact, a couple of times we we saved bicyclists lives because this guy was just going to run
him over because because he want because they were in the way.
I mean, it was it was it was the weirdest thing.
I told him.
I told him.
I told that that cab driver that I like the music he had on and he just pulled out the
cassette and gave it to me.
Was it were you just being factual or were you?
No, I was I was serious.
It was some kind of folk music that was pleasant.
It wasn't like Chinese opera, which sounds like to our ears.
Sounds like coffee cans being banged together and people shrieking.
Nasal ducks.
Yeah.
And and I had.
I made a friend there, Reverend Lee Lee Jing.
And it turned out he I tried to I gave him some music that I thought he might like.
It was Oingo Boingo.
And he hated it.
He said, don't give me more American music.
I I hate it.
I just don't like it.
He liked Chinese opera.
He was he was a sound man for Beijing Film Studios and they filmed a lot of those operas.
Yeah.
He really liked that.
The film was songb remained feedsong shifting on almost Koreans going to the Ivory Coast.
As farther away as it was going to come.
And the funny thing is, the fact that like the Chinese forchlag cosa first show does everything the jury
walked for is their song.

actually said, look, you know, you know that case goes to you.
I was like, it is like you're asking a question.

Basically.
I'm just to that's figure.
I'm not going to ponto out to the truth.
dead. He's floating face down in the pool.
There's no way he can be breathing. I think
he just went over there and died. Sure he's not snorkeling? There you go. Oh no, he's alive.
Okay. He came up for air. He spouted a minute ago. There's a little
hole in his back. I saw some water squirt out. It's weird.
The Martians also created giant insects to vex
the Earth people during the attack period.
Something which was supposed to go into the movie but was cut out.
Now that's every TV show. Tragic superheroes,
out of control giant monsters.
Just what the public demands. I got to the point where if I see
another werewolf face transformation I'm going to scream. And I used to
live for those. But you only saw a good one every
year or so and then it got to where they were on every TV show.
Oh my God, we'll morph from this.
Face without makeup to a face with a mask on. What a special
effect. It's a lot better than a bunch of dissolves of Lon Chaney.
Really? I thought those were somewhat artfully done.
It blurs a little bit. Even a kid could see through it. Well you know it's
an effect but you know also what it represents and the music is portentous
and it comes after a period of dread and then the first
beam of moonlight. The difference is it was rare then.
It was hard to do. It took a lot of time.
Yeah, you do it in your phone. That's one of the tricks of the conspiracy
that they'll take anything that's fun and they'll just beat it to death until you hate it.
Yeah. Like the hippies, you know, for a while there it was kind of cool and then well you
like hippies, we'll give you hippies. Yeah, punks. Same thing. I had to warn the punks
that that was going to happen to them. They didn't believe me. You're just, you're just
an oppressor now. No, you'll see all your fashions, your music will be used in beer
commercials in about two years. Sure enough, that's
it. BLM. Then they had to come up with something even worse than punk. This is
showing the man and now they're painting the intersections and every major city.
Yeah, it's like every little fad that the teenagers think is going to change the
world just turns out there been a fad. God damn it. I like the hippie one, that's
why I still got my ponytail and everything. They were, I got kicked out. I almost got
kicked out of school for for having hair about as long as yours and ever since
Since then, I was like, by God, when I get old, I'm going to have a haircut just like I wanted to when I was 17
and look like the bass player for Quicksilver Messenger Service.
And sure enough, my dream came true.
And wouldn't you know it, every other old redneck in Texas looks exactly the same way.
Every old guy that retires, they grow their hair long and end up with a ponytail.
I used to hide the ponytail in Texas because I might be carrying something they'd mistake for contraband.
But I'd hide it in my hat.
And then I gradually realized, shit, every old bastard around here looks just like me.
Who needs to bother to go into a town for a God-darned haircut anyway?
I thought it was like a Chinese reference.
You know, you had that little pigtail and maybe it was Belcro.
No, it was more like an iron butter.
Yes, if bullies cut off Reverend Stang.
Stang's bony tail, he will lose his strength of ten.
Cultural appropriation.
Ching Chong subgenius sitting on the rail.
Long come a pink boy and chop off his tail.
That would be the, don't tell your wife that.
No.
Yeah, the Monster Hunter movie got censored in China because there was a joke about Chinese.
Now, in context.
I'm sure they could get along without it.
It was sort of fitting because there was these two guys that.
Told bad jokes to each other.
And one of them was a Chinese-American.
He said something about, you know, Chinese, ha ha ha.
It was a bad joke.
And in China, they wouldn't release the movie.
Because it translated all wrong into some sort of racist thing.
Which it wasn't at all.
But there you go.
They couldn't edit it out, that one joke.
They did.
They did edit it out.
But by then, public opinion was so riled up.
This is that movie that hates the Chinese.
Right.
Yeah.
Yea, verily, yea.
It's accurate to the game in that it takes forever to kill one of those big monsters.
So therefore, they could only have two boss fights in the movie.
There's only time for two boss fights.
I suppose humans.
Because it was true to the game.
Humans are as mosquitos to those lumbering giant monsters.
So it takes a lot of them to put one down.
A lot of my fellow Monster Hunter player fanatic addicts.
Refused to even see the movie because they mixed in modern times with it.
It's a modern soldier team ends up in Monster Hunter world.
It's not pure.
Their weapons are useless against the monsters, of course.
Only an experienced Monster Hunter knows how to make the bow that shoots the special poison made from other monster parts.
Yea, it would be hard for me to believe that modern artillery couldn't put away any monster.
Oh, you haven't seen a Rathalos in action, Tal.
They're faster than you can imagine.
Anyway.
It was really fun for me.
I was supposed to go to Rathalos when I graduated high school.
You gotta be scared of anything violating the laws of physics.
Well, sure.
All giant monsters do that.
Yes.
Well, we were watching the Warcraft movie yesterday.
Well, they basically took the game and turned it into a movie.
Did you see that one?
I started watching it.
I never saw the whole thing.
It did have a lot.
There's something kind of corny about it.
I like the CG.
Okay.
Yea, it does have that trying to look very much like Lord of the Rings look.
Is it in a sort of quasi-medieval period or something?
Oh, yea.
Oh, really?
They had the elves.
But see, the elves here have eyes that glow.
That must be off-putting.
So I think they mixed in Dune with the rings.
The smiles that win, the looks that glow.
Got it.
Cool.
You know, the old monster fans on Facebook detest CG.
All you gotta do to give those guys heart attacks is say,
Oh, I thought Peter Jackson's Kong was much more realistic than the original.
Oh my God, the next day I felt like I'd mugged a room full of old men.
Yea, they got upset, but they're very partisan to the...
The other thing you can do to really shake them up is say,
Well, you know, Lon Chaney Jr. is actually a terrible actor.
Oh, fuck.
They'll just go on and on about how,
Those guys were so much...
He was so much better than these modern day actors.
I'm not sure he was so bad.
A son of Dracula, he's pretty good.
If he was better than Lon Chaney Sr., I wouldn't say that.
Lon Chaney III, who actually goes to conventions, you know, just to...
Well, that's amazing.
...come to account of his name.
I hope he comes here.
Lon Chaney Sr. didn't have to be a great actor.

He didn't have to talk.
And he invented all those makeup tricks.
Well, Lon Chaney Jr. tried to do the makeup tricks, but they wouldn't let him,
because by then the unions were so strong that he couldn't trespass on the makeup people's union.
He made his own makeup for 1 million BC, which was better than what he ended up with.
And he did that compound fracture thing with the bones sticking out.
But...
Unions.
They screw everything up.
Yes.
My favorite...
Unless you need to be involved.
...Lon Chaney Jr. werewolf transformation is in House of Dracula...

...where he shows up at the police station and says,
I'm going to go through another one of these werewolf things, and I can't stand it.
Just lock me up in this cell, and don't let me out to whatever I do.
So the inevitable Lionel Atwell police inspector calls in the local mad scientist, and he says,
Well, my boy, you may think you turn into a beast,
but this is caused by intracranial pressures, and I think in my clinic I might be able...
You don't understand.
I'm about to go through the torches of the damned.
Well, you may think you will, and in our minds we often have strange pictures.
And then right in front of them he turns into the werewolf with that...
Is that House of Dracula?
Yes, yes.
The hair grows on his face, his teeth start working, his nose starts...
And then he's hurling himself at the bars, gnashing, trying to get at the guy who was just saying it.
It was all an unfortunate illusion, my boy.
Which I can cure in my clinic.
But the funny thing is, at the end of the movie he did cure him.
But he himself turned into a monster.
You say it's funny, I thought it was horrible.
We got no more sequels after that.
Oh, no. There were, because it reasserted itself.
He cured him, but then it came back so that in Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein, which is next...
He's on the phone trying to warn them about the monster conspiracy, which is another thing.
He never realized...
Yeah, yeah.
He was on the monster side.
He counts himself on the human side, Larry Talbot, but he actually belongs over there on the other side with the monsters.
He's trying to stop their plan and stop Dracula from reactivating the Frankenstein monster.
He's a good monster.
Well, he's not...
When he's not transformed, yeah.
He won't accept his werewolf identity in any way.
Well, it was fantastic in In Mice and Men and, of course, the original Superman.
Yeah, that made such an impression.
It made all those cartoons with it.
Which way did he go, George?
Which way did he go?
That whole performance was...
He did a very obscure television series called something like The Devil in Room 13 or something.
It was only about a dozen episodes.
He did a lot of thrillers and he did on Route 66 the episode Lizard's Leg and Owlet's Wing with Peter Lorre and Boris Karloff.
Now, when you say thrillers, do you mean thrillers as in the thriller TV show by Boris Karloff?
Because I don't know what you're saying in there.
I believe he was in a couple of those.
I mentioned Lon Chaney Jr. being a bad actor.
In fact, one of them was a Frankenstein.
Ten minutes later, we're still on Lon Chaney Jr. tripping.
Well, I feel sorry knocking anybody down to tell the truth.
And the reason these people are prominent and we talk about them is that they have got something and maybe it's a subgenius something.
Maybe it's a talent that is not experimental.
Maybe it's not expressed as people understand it.
It seems certainly to stand for a number of things.
I'm sure we all have a problem like that.
Stankus doesn't like it because this is all parts he has to edit out.
But that's what we talked for so long.
I'll be silent until someone introduces a new subject.
Well, there's an hour of slack that I collected together all of the doctor's explanations from House of Dracula where he goes on and on about how, well, I've got this new fungus I'm growing.
Yeah, he's growing funguses underneath the castle.
Little does he know that the body of the Frankenstein monster is also down there.
It's all very scientific.
Yeah, it's quite scientific.
Yeah, those were the lines I liked from that movie.
Well, don't forget the gorgeous hunchback girl.
They combined two monster types, the gorgeous girl nurse and the hunchback into one.
She gave me mixed feelings as a child.
Yes, she's supposed to.
Yeah, that hunchback is.
Especially when she's attacked in the end by J. J. Martin.

Yeah.
And Dr. Edelman.
Now, Hal, you would know, did Lon Chaney do all of his stunts as the Wolfman?
Not only did he do all of his stunts, but sometimes he put on the Frankenstein makeup and did stunts for other people in Frankenstein movies, particularly Bela Lugosi in Frankenstein Meets the Wolfman, but also in House of Frankenstein where Hugo the hunchback is thrown through the glass window by the monster.
Well, he was very interesting.
He was very interesting.

And he was actually Chaney Jr.
I can remember some scenes in which he was extremely athletic.
He was a great big guy.
He's this huge lumbering doofus, which is why he's incredibly improbable as Claude Raine's
son in the original Wolfman.
Well, you never knew who Claude Raine's wife was, so big break, though.
Yeah.
Evelyn Ankers said that she was scared during some of those Mummy movies because, as the
Mummy, Lon Chaney Jr. didn't have to act, really.
You couldn't really see his face behind the makeup.
And he would get drunk.
He would sip vodka through a straw.
Yes, he had an alcohol problem.
And then he had to carry this actress along these trails.
He was strong enough.
He could do it.
Yeah, but she was terrified.
And she was really pretty.
Because he was drunk, and she was afraid he was going to drop her off this ledge.
Very pretty woman.
I always thought it was Manna Leaves.
Beautiful actress.
Tanna Leaves.
The Tanna Leaves.
That was vodka.
That was all bilge and bunk.
Yeah, he was drinking.
That was the original movie.
That was in all the sequels that he had to have Tanna Leaf tea.
All right.
Although, it was something in the Tom Tyler one, whatever that one was, where they spill
the tea and the mummy frantically gets down his hands and knees trying to lap it up with
no tongue to get even a few molecules of Tanna Leaf tea.
Yeah, the slurping, the great slurping.
That would be a great product to make, though, Tanna Leaf tea.
I think that would really sell.
They did a good thing for the...
I think that would sell.
Whatever the mummy movie is that Tom Tyler plays the mummy, where they just optically
blanked out his eye sockets, so they have a traveling mat on his eyes so there's nothing.
You're looking at his eye holes, but there's nothing in there whenever you see him.
Yeah, I hate when that happens to me.
Well, it shows.
Those traveling mats really irritate your eye.
They sort of sparkle around the edges.
Being a supernatural phenomenon.
But you can learn more from subgenius.com or write to our new address at the compound
here at Post Office Box 807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
