But Bob is good all the time.
Is this thing running?
Can I say Bob?
Bob. I just say Bob.
Okay, I thought you said Bob.
Yeah, you're supposed to say Bob.
Excuse me.
Dear friends.
What we're listening to in the background is a solid gold CD
that was sent to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack,
here in Dallas, Texas, with very little explanations on it.
And it just has this sort of music that goes on and on and on in the background.
And what we would like to do this show is...
It's rolling right now?
Oh, no!
Oh, I don't...
Dude, man, I gotta get ready.
Um, okay.
I'll cast a little...
Okay, let's see.
Yeah, right.
Your nightmares come alive.
Yeah, there. That's more like it.
Now prepare yourselves for a terrifying hour that won't be easy for you to forget.
Yes, sir.
You will now hear all of the positive messages contained in the subliminal portion of this tape.
These messages...
have been carefully designed to help you achieve the success you desire and deserve.
I use rest stops regularly.
You choose to be in control of your life.
You choose to be happy.
You choose to be happy.
You are a happy person.
You are a winner.
Because I got a 3220 built on a graveyard frame.
Shoots tombstone bullets, balls, and chains.
Said I'm tough as cowhide, swift as lead.
I was born in the jungle where they never go to bed.
Wild throw a brick through midnight and break broad daylight.
Because my eyes is made of bulletproof glass.
I like being in control of my life.
I know I can be who I want to be.
I-
Have a nice trip.
You're such a damn fool.
You lost your grip!
What the hell does it take?
To get you to awaken.
No matter what you say!
A equals A equals A equals A equals A!
These messages will now become subliminal, but your subconscious mind will be hearing and accepting all of the positive messages.
Listen to the tapes as often as you can. The more you listen, the sooner success will come.
That's enough. Cut off the telecommand. Are you crazy? Cut off the telecommand, I say. We must maneuver freely. That would be an act of insubordination.
And if they say anything against God or Elvis Presley, they get thrown out on the rest again.
He said, you're insane. He said, you need to be put away. He said, you're a sick woman. And I said, if this is sick, I never want to get better. I want to stay in critical condition for the rest of my life.
And he filed for divorce on grounds of extreme cruelty, and Elvis was item number two, excessive devotion to Elvis Presley. And I said, I love it.
Hit one of them, Bob.
Not with the rage.
Run into him.
The program has been banned from the air, and you know that, too.
I know, but it's too vital to the radio.
Not only was the ban on the program overruled, now I don't understand anything.
This almost seems like a joke, but...
I made the judge understand the importance of this program to the radio.
Can't say it's a blamer.
Sure.
The show can cause tropical fish to pop when waved over the tank.
The show sterilizes dogs and house cats within a three-block radius.
The show removes rust, earwax, and questionable stains of passion.
And now, the subgenius.
Our love, black.
Black.
Black.
Black.
Black.
Stormy black.
Black.
Black.
Black.
Black.

Black.
Black.


Black.




Silver.
White.
White.















Very black.
Black.

Black.

Black.
Black.
Black.
Black.
Black.


Subgenius in the name of J.R.
Bob
Dose
But all I can say is I get lots of recurrences when I do this
and I get a few leaks
So my own tendency is if the rectum seems normal
perhaps with a bit of anal disease
not to do an immediate colectomy and ileo-rectal
but to do a subgenius
say a total colectomy or proctocolectomy and ileostomy
Poor control over a period of years
can also cause target organ damage
that can eventually lead to blindness, renal failure, amputations, neuropathy, coronary artery disease
exercise
quitting smoking, reducing sodium and cholesterol intake, increasing dietary fiber
All these are measures we're taking to help prevent
Dog
Dose
For amusement they toss children into pits with hungry dogs
Are we not men?
We are
The subgenius
Ah!

In nomine Patris et Fili et Spiritus Sancti
Amen
Nance, no sense of humor
And of course a lot of them have a normal rectum
so it's very attractive to
Keep the rectus subgenius and then after a year or so
consider joining the patient up
What if you punch two up?
Have a good time, you know what I mean?
That's what I have to do
I think
Well, stop thinking and get on down to Studio X Atomic Disco Lounge
Well, don't think it's time we stop
Here we go
The acceleration, the pressure, it's tremendous
Now take it out
Velocity
The action begins with magic
68 seconds, 69 seconds
It's happening, it's happening
70 seconds
71 seconds
Lock it away!
Lock it away!
I rock it to the moon!
Hmmmm!
It's a rocket!
It's a rocket!
Wait a minute, we better check everything
We got 48 hours to save a lot of money
What a swells the time
We got 48 hours to save a lot of time
What a swells the time
What a swells the time
Music concrete, dear friends
Yes!
Yes!
Man!
Oh, yes dear friends, and I guess it's gonna be another musical show tonight
Because there's so much, what you might call music
What you might call a lovely noise like little knives in your ears, yes?
But we've got the amazing Devo cover collection
Which I think, well, it's one of the funniest damn things I ever saw in my life
And some news of those great proto-subgeniuses, Devo, coming up
More Zug's Rift and the Rudy Schwartz docudrama
So much music from people you've never heard of
But you'll want to hear them again and again and again
Speaking of people you've never heard of
Boy, that collage that opened the show
Was a, oh, that's a couple years old
That's from Hour of Slack number 355
Tonight we're doing Hour of Slack number 493, I believe it is
And, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, that collage was, boy, there was a little, you heard a little bit of everybody in there
Some of that was edited by yours truly, Reverend Devo
Reverend Ivan Stang
But also, I'm sure, Puzzling Evidence had a sticky finger in it
And the Young Technocrats
Who knows, probably some Chris Gross
And all kinds of people you've never heard of
And a few that you will later on in the show truly wish that you hadn't
Ah, yes
They tell us that we lost our tents
Giraffes and Nets all jumped the fence
Just to brought up ladies and gents
Are we not class?
Clowns?
We are bozo
Are we not clowns?
Eyo, eyo
We have red hair
That stands up straight
We have a red nose
That's so ornate
Are we not clowns?
We are bozo
Are we not clowns?
Eyo, eyo
Are we not wang?
We are dildos
Are we not clowns?
We are soj
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
What is this?
What is this?
What kind of?
Oh, yes, dear friends, truly a definitive
version of the
of that classic old Devo song, Mongoloid.
That one was done by a band called The Deadliners.
And before that, we heard Jaco Bozo by The Firemen.
Uh, yes.
And, you know, I don't know about you,
but I consider Devo to be one of the preeminent of the,
well, you might say pre and early subgenius bands.
And Devo, of course, was originally one of Dobbs' pop culture experiments,
sort of like the Monkees.
Not many people know that Dobbs also was behind the Monkees originally.
And, well, it's been a while since Devo has been performing,
and Wired Magazine had been trying to get hold of Mark Mothersbaugh
to see what he was up to, aside from TV themes and things.
And he wasn't returning their calls, so they asked me to call him, and I did.
And I wrote him a little article about it, but I haven't heard back from him,
so I might as well just tell you what I learned
as to what those wacky fav mop tops are up to these days.
This little article was called,
He Brought Home the Bacon So That No One Knew.
And you'd hardly recognize Mark Mothersbaugh.
From his Devo days, he said.
Ah, shoot.
That old, that poor old tape.
Listen to that.
I can't, I can't.
Hold on just a second, friends.
I'm going to run across here and grab this.
That's so sad.
That old Devo Muzak tape has obviously gone the way of so many cheap conspiracy manufactured tapes.
We'll try this more sedate Mark Mothersbaugh music in the background.
This is from his music for Insomniac.
You'd hardly recognize Mark Mothersbaugh from his Devo days, he says.
He sports a Cyclops look following radical cosmetic surgery.
Through the use of orthopedic clamps and painful surgery,
he's had his right eye gradually shifted to the middle of his forehead.
The left eye was ditched entirely.
When the bandages come off, he figures it'll inspire hundreds of Hollywood copycats.
Actually, Mark said that he didn't forget.

He's throwing his left eye away, but he's got it in a jar.
Um, I haven't seen it yet, but I hope to.
In the meantime, Mark's been one busy spud boy with all 12 fingers embedded in at least
a dozen different pies, some of them really gooey.
His music company, Mutato Muzica, or yeah, I guess that's pronounced Mutato.
The secretary says Mutato, but I like Mutato.
Muzica in LA has brought him so much slack that he rarely uses it.

He barely gets any sleep.
Companies give him music-less videotapes.
He slaves them to his computer.
And sooner or later, they come back out not only musically scored, but loaded to the gills
with whatever subliminals struck Mark's fancy that day.
As far as Devo goes, friends, first, you know, the forces of normality, of course, tried
to kill Devo.
And then Devo tried to kill itself.
But Devo refuses to die.

Even now that society itself has become a Devo.
The Mothersbaugh and Casale boys got together again for the Tank Girl movie title song,
which is a redo of Girl You Want, as well as a new song for the Mighty Morphin Power
Rangers movie.
Mark says that most of these songs only involve two or three words of lyrics, and the way
he works with these big movie companies is.
He charges them with a lot of money.
Mark charges a certain amount per word of lyrics, but they get the music and the subliminals
for free.
Usually it's like, yeah, yeah, no, no.
That's like maybe a $60,000 production.
When somebody's mounting a really big buck production, they'll request as many as five
or six words.
And he'll throw in things like, yeah, baby, you know, oh, I love you, whatever.
Mark's name has been scrolling by at breakneck speed.
And the credits of several TV shows, the weirder kids stuff like Rugrats, Beakman's World, and
Medicine Ball, as well as Sliders.
But now he's got five new shows to deal with.
And two of them are Nickelodeon cartoons, one called Kevin's Kitchen and one called
Santo Bigito, a cartoon about cockroaches living in a border town between Texas and
Mexico.
For Fox, he's scoring a couple of sitcoms.
Two something.
And if not for you, as well as a promising weirdness fest called Strange Luck from the
producer of Erie, Indiana.
And then there are the commercials, friends.
Professor Mothersbaugh has been packing subliminals into ad jingles for years now.
You may not have known about that.
Back in the Hawaiian punch days, he had to be cautious.
But the more subliminals he packs in there, the better that dumb ad boys seem to like
it.
And since these extra sort of warped out verbal sounds being used as percussion in the background
are subliminals, he can tell the client they say one thing when they actually say something
else entirely.
He's fond of embedding words like submit, obey, along with the more personal brainwashing
lines like praise Bob and we smell sausage, which if you play that phrase backwards, you'll
be surprised.
It's a very common phrase.
It's a phrase that we realize says Jesus loves you back masked.
It really does.
We smell sausage.
Now play this phrase backwards.
We smell Bob.
Oh, and he's got, he's packing those into such clients as Nike and seven up.
Hard to believe, you know, from such humble beginnings in Akron that they would end up
with such humble.
Uh, beginnings.
Then there are the movie scores, which a mother's ball creates pretty much solo.
He scored this movie called the new age last year.
Uh, one of it, which was directed by a subgenius member, by the way, Michael Tolkien.
He also did the rapture, which is a damned weird film.
Um, one of Mark's favorite upcoming movies is called the flesh suitcase, which is a story
involving the.
The misadventures of drug smugglers waiting to excrete balloons of dope out of their colons.
And another one is called a movie.
He's he's scored is called the last supper, a sick comedy in which right wing redneck
bill Paxton dares some sappy liberal grad students to kill him.
And after they take him up on it, they decide it's kind of fun and they move on to murdering
fundamentalists and gay bashers and Rush Limbaugh.
But I think in the end, Rush Limbaugh.
Kills them.
Um, and Mark also toiled as music producer for Quentin Tarantino's, uh, four rooms, uh,
working with combustible Edison, busy, busy, busy out there in LA.
Then there are the CD ROM games.
New Taito provided the music and sound effects for the Johnny mnemonic CD ROM and Mark and
Jerry Casale co-designed from the get go.
The Devo game adventures of the smart patrol.
I haven't seen that game.
I can't, I couldn't, I don't have a machine to play it on anyway, but, uh, those are both
supposed to be really challenging CD ROM titles compared to most of what's out and, uh, and
Mark's working on software, interactive software, um, not so much in, in creating new CD ROM
games that are fancier than the last big hit or required.
I mean, I don't know.

They're expensive new machines to run, but the opposite, quick bare bones ornamental
programs or a little Dingle Berry's as he calls them valuable, more for their sick concept
than for complexity and distributed and marketed entirely through the internet.
Uh, and just exactly what these Dingle Berry's might actually be is still top secret.
But one of Mark's goals in music.
Okay.
Yeah.
find the exact subsonic tone that would cause the audience's bowels to loosen uncontrollably.
So friends, you may extrapolate from there. Thank you.
We don't smoke marijuana in Muskogee. We don't take no trips on LSD.
We don't burn our drop cards out on Hale Street. We like living right and being free.
We don't make a party out of lovin'. We like holding hands and eating wood.
We don't let our hair roll long and shabby.
I'm a hippie.
I smoke in San Francisco too.
I'm proud to be an Hokie from Muskogee.
A place where even squares can have a ball.
We still wave Old Glory down at the courthouse.
And white lightning's still the biggest thrill of all.
And your boots are still in style for manly footwear.
Beads and Roman sandals just won't do.
Football skills, the roughest thing on campus.
And the kids still respect the college key.
I'm proud to be an Hokie from Muskogee.
A place where even squares can have a ball.
We still wave Old Glory down at the courthouse.
And white lightning's still the biggest thrill of all.
In Muskogee, Oklahoma, U.S.A.,
It's hard to discern the point at which fantasy becomes reality for Rudy Schwartz.
As we follow him around his trailer,
we find him performing the most mundane of daily tasks
while carrying on arcane conversations with Joey Bishop,
whom Schwartz seems quite convinced is present with us in the room.
Living out a sad, paranoid delusion,
Schwartz fixes a pot of coffee
and whines incessantly about his recent exclusion from the Rat Pack.
He tosses out an idle threat to quit returning phone calls
and to begin working up a stage act with Larry Storch and the Ritz brothers.
Grainy images of doodled weaver Blair from the television
as Schwartz's dog Gunter begs for sausages.
I ask Schwartz if he knows there are small rodents sleeping in his food processor.
He replies that he doesn't, but that if I'll hum a few bars, he'll fake it.
I soon learn that a visit to the Schwartz's
is a maddening series of dated vaudeville routines
and distasteful images that sour the stomach.
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo


Well, a little bit of the
Okie from Muskokie done by
the Bakersfield Bougie
Boys there off
of my precious Devo
cover tunes tape.
And
some more from the Rudy
Schwartz docudrama
dear friends.
Thanks to Joe.
Joe Newman.
Let's see what's on this little
bran flakes here to take us out to the end.
At that very moment, not for a word.
Biggie, Biggie, make the switch.
Make the change.
Just say no to plays.
Get some quick as men.
It's not that easy when he's bought.
I'm a police officer.
I'm a police officer in Sparks, Nevada.
And I'm not an addict.
I'm definitely not an addict.
No, it's definitely not.
No correlation of balls and something.
Oh, you want those?
The glazed ones.
Okay.
Yeah, that's better.
I stand before you, brethren,
to share with you my revelation.
To tell you of a vision of the coming desolation.
There are forces working all around you vying for control.
They won't even wait until you're dead to try and steal your soul.
They pull your strings like puppeteers from the moment you were born.
They masturbate to suffering and you provide the porn.
They tell you to sit down from the time you learn to walk.
And they tell you to shut up from the time you learn to talk.
They send you to a school where they teach you evil lies.
To believe in evil lies.
To believe in what you're told instead of what's before your eyes.
They tell you all about their God and how the world was built.
And how his poor son Jesus died so you could have some guilt.
You have to get a haircut so you don't look like a slob.
And take off those ratty sneakers or you'll never find a job.
You go to work and pay your bills and try hard to survive.
You pay the cost of living while you try to stay alive.
You have to be a good citizen and don't break any laws.
Because men in cars,

with flashing lights,
will come to break your balls.
The only thing that you can do is hide and watch TV.
The little glowing box that says,
real life is just like me.
Relax and creature comfort as it irradiates the room.
Stare blankly at the electric image that tells you to consume.
Just kick back in your plastic chair on your acrylic rugs.
Smoke a joint and watch a TV show about the war on drugs.
Or you can join the army.
Now won't your dad be thrilled?
You look so good in uniform.
A shame that you got killed.
But friend, you don't have to play their game or follow stupid rules.
That are made to pen us in like sheep to be slaughtered like blind fools.
Stand up for your right to be who you are, to do whatever you please.
You can stand on your own two feet or die down on your knees.
Because this evil game won't work unless everybody plays.
Throw down your hand and make your stand or in the coming days,
these evil forces will seize the day.
And you'll be out of luck.
It won't matter who's doing the .
Because you're the one who'll be .
Let's say we just forget it.
I could be off enjoying myself.
Counting my head into a brick wall.
Over and over.
Running down the street with my brains hanging out of the back of my skull.
Dragging along the sidewalk.
Looking for a way to logo your show.
Nobody took all my credit.
Gotta screw the 405 Debbie show.
Making it look silly that I'm not allowed to make a great quality we freely


Actually helped me work on pornography.
Come over mythology and write up the organisations under me and stop me.
I'm gonna've to workout more.

I don't buyその 평가하는嘬사 intent 진 골� diped valle
I stand before you an exiled man
and I carry revelation like a shotgun in my hand.
To share with you my visions of the things I think are right.
To find the darkest shadows and expose them to the light.
The horrors that surround me give me righteous cause to grieve
for the ignorance of people and the things that they believe.
That pipe leading from the factory that spews forth toxic waste
is not the cause of cancer or the water's funny taste.
The businessmen who own it have nothing but respect
for the families in the area and their kids with birth defects.
I'm a man of the law.

The police are here to help you in your time of dire needs
and to lock you in a cage for a pocket full of weeds.
There are preachers who will lead you to the land of milk and honey
but they will leave you high and dry and pocket all your money.
The politicians smile at you and promise to deliver
but they'll fuck you, then they'll kill you, then they'll throw you in the river.
So people open up your eyes and see things as they are
or be extinct like dinosaurs sinking in the tar.
Don't listen to the lies.

the liars and don't believe the lies. The truth is there to plainly see. Just open up your eyes.
Oh, yes, dear friends. Dr. Legume, the great Dr. Legume. We just heard there some
amazing intercuts of two giants of the Church of the Subgenius. Yes,
the great and good Dr. Legume intercut for censorship purposes with that other
giant of the church. One of many, actually. There are a lot of gigantic things,
hairy, sweaty things, men, yetis, what have you. This other, the music there was by
that great yeti Zug's Rift. I'm about to give you a couple of
addresses.
Zug's Rift is available through King of the Pacific Post Office, box 18765.
That's box 18765 in Encino, California. 91416. That zip code again, 91416.
And hold on, I'm going to get the address of Dr. Katahdin Legume so that you can
send off for his materials.
Huh, now see, that didn't take but a second. Friends, you got that pencil ready? Dr. Legume
has quite a pleasure pack of horror and a horror pack of pleasure for you if you want
to make that a love offering to Dr. Legume. That's L-E-G-U-M-E at number two, 7th Street.
Yes, once again, that's number two, 7th Street in Brookhaven, Pennsylvania. Dr. Legume.
Brookhaven, Pennsylvania. 19015. Yes, we tried to let you know where to get more uncensored
versions of these, uh, great subgenius heroes. Uh, yes. And as for what's next, I don't have
the slightest idea.
Tom, I guess you heard that I found the Lord. I found him in a can of beans once.


What was that night? Yup, I was stirring me a can of beans and I thought that little
chunk of fat said something, and I looked down and it was Jesus' head, talking to me
about my soul and stuff.
Ellen Mills-D- ו nova tehérience sauzą,
siehtいうこと laatumphivity how to bellify your ancora dentro Where did that alles
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
We'll see you next time.
You know, friends, the conspiracy radio DJs and hosts don't have to do that
because they only play stuff that's been approved by the conspiracy
and is available in every Best Buy in the universe.
Whereas we try to go out of our way to make sure that you can't get the things you hear on the Hour of Slack
anywhere but the Hour of Slack.
And if you can, we destroy those rival distributors.
But no, no, actually we give the address of the places where you get them
because, by God...
Gosh, you know, nobody's getting paid for any of this.
And if we have naught but fame, then at least let us have our short moments of infamy.
What we'd like you to do is observe any change and report to us about what goes on.
No, not again.
Do I get paid for this?
Yeah, you do.
Your check's in the mail.
My check's in the mail?
Yeah.
I said I wasn't drunk.
I'm just a crazy man.
I like this program very much.
We're in trouble, man.
Are you a skull farmer?
No.
No, okay.
Well, see, a lot of people involved in this show are skull farmers.
In the background, we've got a camera focusing right on the Skull Farmer Convention.
In the background there, you can see they're pounding on the drums and making archaic rhythms
and, of course, adding to the general mayhem in the audience area.
Yes, the future's not a pretty sight.
But these shows can help you.
Yes, they can help you.
You'll be able to discern certain trails that'll lead you to some kind of future.
Righteousness, perhaps even a little bit of slack, as it were, in time for those, oh, those end times that are coming up.
You can assure your family's safe, secure comfort.
But hurry.
But hurry.
But hurry.
But hurry.
A man cannot buy his way into the fold or into heaven.
The price was paid at Calvary by the blood of Jesus Christ.
But we're told plainly in the Bible that we're to give our tithe.
And I'll offer.
Or else.
Or else.
Or else what?
Well, you probably don't even care.
But at the same time, our nobler aspirations are stirred onward and upward by the sweep in the emotions,
lifted by the waving flag and the fields of frown.
If you...
If you act like a dumb, stupid fool, they'll treat you as an equal, Bob said.
And I would say to you and your classmates, uh, that as you go on into this abattoir, this slaughterhouse,
this, uh, brothel and butcher shop that we call life, just remember that the fighting Jesus,
the fighting Jesus,
never fell back on jingoistic slogans about family values for Nazis.
No!
No, sir!
The fight Jesus!
The praised Bob with a sword and a gun.
With a bullet in his gun.
And with a great big electric marital aid.
With batteries that vibrated.
Strapped on, yes, with big patriotic red...

Red!
Strapped!
And with his boxing gloves on, yes, he would wade forward into the fray, his machine gun blazing,
his bible strapped across his chest like a bulletproof vest, and his Bob tattoo there on his forehead,
protecting his brain from enemy missiles.
Ah, yes.
Ah.
But after hearing my president and his friends speak, I was moved!
Watching the Republican convention, it reminded me what America is all about.
And I'm moved to announce that we were just kidding with all this subgenius stuff.
Oh, and by the way, we're not Jewish or gay, and, uh, in fact, we all became Christians again.
Yeah.
And, uh, and I'm a white male.
Uh, Christian.
Of Anglo descent.
With a family!
With a family, that's the most important part.
And I want Oliver North and Phil Graham to be president in 1996.
And I have this great big flag!
See?
See me?
See me?
I'm normal.
I'm normal.
I'm...
Everything's okay.
Uh...
It is okay, isn't it?
I...
I...
I...
They're not...
They're not gonna do anything to me yet, are they?
Oh, they're probably not until after the election.
I'm sure they wouldn't, uh...
They wouldn't do anything like...
Like that.
No, they're not.
Oh.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
When we accept this, uh, nomination...
Ah, yes.
Well, it's very possible that in the next few minutes, you may be terribly, terribly
hurt.
Uh-huh.
Is it made here to mind?
Uh, yes.










To me, it's minor.
To you, I think it's gonna be extremely major.
No, no, please!
Please!
I want to know everything I possibly can about Bob.
But seriously, folks, no.
We really...
We really have to get down.
I want...
I want...
I want information.
I'm a news person, and I want hard...
Some hard facts.
So let's start over here.
Let's start over here with Gary, uh...
Gabofam.
Uh, hello.
Gary, why don't you, uh...
Just pull up your phone.










I'll pull the microphone over to you.
That's right.
We can edit out all this.
Yeah, that's right.
That's right.
Look, it's...
You've got Paul's microphone!
Where are my amplifiers?
What, in your view, is the Church of the Subgenius?
Hello, Dan.
Well, don't hold this poster of Bob up to the microphone.
He's all mixed up, don't worry.
What is the Church of the Subgenius?
Yes, that's right.
He's got all his religions mixed up.
I keep...
He's got your own show, doesn't he?
That's right.
Well, I don't think I can answer that question, because the Church of the Subgenius now is
such a large and complex organization.


That it can't be just summed up into a... into a what?
The last thing we saw was his maniacal grin right before he burst the sacred pig bladder.
But I'm staggering like a fiend!
You have too much money!
Arrgh!
Or even a wear.
But it is not a fan club.
It is not a fan club.
No, Bob's not a fan club.
They have taken him up to surgery.
Arrgh!
And that he is, according to our administrator, Mr. Blankert, he is in very serious condition.
Oh, no.
No, Bob's not a fan club.
It is not a fan club.
It is not a fan club.
But it is not a fan club.
It is not a fan club.
As friendly alter egos and other selves intimately confident about their possible...
No, no, no, wait a second.
No, no, okay.
No, like, who is Bob?
That's a good question.
Well, that...
Who's the saint of sales?
I was going to come to that.
Now, if it is a church...
It is a church.
It is a church.
Yes, the church of the subgenius is a church.
Uh-huh.
Well, what do you believe in?
Slack.
Yes.
Slack.
The rules of Slack.
Through Bob.
Bob shows us the way that we can gain slack.
Right.
Right.
And Bob is...
Bob is like the god figure of the church of the subgenius.
No, Bob's just a salesman.
We don't believe Bob's God.
I don't believe Bob's God.
I don't believe Bob's God.
What is Bob?
Bob's a salesman.
Bob was a tree or a car.
That's right.
Because he was there?
That kind of thing?
Uh-huh.
Like all religions, you have to have that Armageddon.
You have to have that coalescing event at the end, which causes everybody to send their
wallets in the first place.
Yeah, July 4th, 1999.
The exes come.
Don't forget that.
The exes come.
Don't forget that.
The exes?
Who are the exes?
The exes.
Oh, they kind of look like Philo, but they're much scarier.
They know the joke.
They know the joke.





I mean, for instance, I worked on yours on who killed Kennedy.
Finally found out and then worked up a little problem.
Why?
You did it.
And the exes laugh at that kind of stuff.
The exes laugh at just about everything.
They know the joke.
And they'll be back to remind us what the joke is.
Dr. Rothman, I feel an idea welling up inside you.
There's no joke.
There are a lot of subgeniuses in government.
We were really astounded by the amount of-
Several in Minnesota, too.
Any bad movie gives you the prophecy you need to know about what's happening.
Any movie that shows up between-

One in the morning and the end of our show.
The end of the world subgenius style is sort of like the end of the world Christian style,
except it's like as if all the parts have been played by really bad actors, and if all
the props have been done by B-movie studios.
It'll be much worse in that way.
It'll be done poorly.
Plus, it'll happen over and over and over again.
It won't just be, that's the end, and you suffer.
But the end will be continuous and worse and worse all the time.
People don't seem to understand that the end could be boring, and that's it.
But not for the good of the movie.
Not for the good of the movie.
Not for a subgenius, I must hasten to add.
You'll be able to see how they made all the flying saucer parts out of cheap little Coke
bottle parts and stuff like that.
Little colanders for the aliens' costumes.
It's going to be really bad.
So you said the end will be boring, but not for subgeniuses.
Right.
It'll be exciting and slackful in this case.
They won't be here.
Much rejoicing and exultant triumphance,
tribulations of heyday, flesh and blood,
repelling merrymaking-
On the final day,
you won't require the petty things you now desire.
Shiny cars and fancy attire,
microwave ovens and designer hair dryers.
The trapping of all the compulsive buyers,
a gift-wrapped box from the government liars,
contains suicide capsules for those who conspire
to stop all the madness and put out the fires
that glow every night from the funeral pyres.
It's better to stay home and plug in the wires
while the agents in black slash your spiritual tires
so you sink like a dinosaur into the mire,
then they pull out all your teeth with stainless steel pliers.
So you'll never say anything that may inspire
some other doomed bastard to aim a bit higher,
or to plot the downfall of the evil empire,
which passes down edicts and judgments most dire
upon all of the peons who work and perspire,
but the stench doesn't rise to their ivory spires
built with the bones of the slaves they acquire.
And if you don't do all the things that they say,
they'll kick in your door and jump into your bed.
They'll beat you until you beg to be led.
You'll be just like a prostitute selling your head,
being beaten by pimps for your daily bread.
You'll follow the path that they want you to tread,
for these are the sins for which Jesus Christ bled.
From the holes in his palms, the blood that he sheds,
stains his bone-handled pistols a beautiful red.
Just drink of his Kool-Aid, and then you'll be dead.
Thank you.
Lee Harvey Oswald was a subgenius.
Ruby refused to join.
So we shot him.
What did you say, Bob?
I said, good Lord.
Repeat! Quit your job!
Slacker!
You have been driven to the brink of insanity
by the conspiracy!
You're a slacker, Lee Harvey Oswald!
You're a lot closer than you even think!
Bob is the way! Bob is the path!
Believe or die!
No! No!
Oh, not the anti-Bob, no!
Bob is not the answer!
And neither is anything else!
True Bob! I'm not giving anything!
Bob tells you lies for me!
He's best possessed by the anti-Bob!
That's right, Bob is a loser!
Bob ripped me off from all of my slack!
Bob is a big boy!
Bob is a big boy!
He just takes it all for himself!
He can call the slack!
He can call the women!
He can call the fraud!
Fraud!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!

That was an experience he can't catch!
That's it!
Bob fakers our crucifixion
so he can be resurrected and become your personal savior!
That's right, Bob!
In the back of the limo right now,
getting hands from your girlfriend!
Grab your favorite gun, pull it!
Wack it!
WACK IT!
And now you're the tripping thing!
Right next to the bleeding head of Bob
standing far no forward!
That's right, the second time he has robbed
he'll be a slaughterer!
The false father J.R. Bob
has laid you off!
Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Come out!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Kill Bob!
Haaaah!
Bill Bob,
kill Bob!
I haven'tunrecognized you any reverse,
I've sinned against you!
Please forgive me!
Blaze Bob!
Blaze Bob!
Blaze Bob!
Blaze Bob!



Blaze Bob!
Blaze Bob!

Hail, kings of feedback.
Hail, kings of feedback.
Yes, friends, and oh, here's my background music.
It's so good to have background music when you're taking the show out and doing credits and so forth.
And what did we hear there?
Why, we heard some more of Dr. Legume, the evil Dr. Katahdin Legume,
preaching in a coffeehouse somewhere in Philadelphia.
On the end of the world there.
We heard also the KPFA more than an hour, less than a show, show doctors being interviewed by someone else in 1983.
Puzzling evidence, Gary Gabrog, Fran, Mobius Rex, and...
I'm rendered speechless, friends.
Actually, I'll tell you why I'm rendered speechless, because I don't really want to be doing this show right now.
I want to go back to my computer, where everything is controlled.
It's all mine.
I can just...
And, friends, if you would like to get some more information about the Church of the Subgenius,
please write for that free information.
Just drop us a postcard.
Drop Bob a postcard.
Yes, you can write to Bob.
You see, you know, you get tired of doing these shows, partly because you get tired of saying Bob in that smarmy way.
I guess it's good you say Bob.
I know you say it, brave Bob.
We got more musical endings on this show.
Anyway, yeah, that pencil to write to is...
Bob at Post Office Box 140306.
That's P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's in beautiful, beautiful Dallas, Texas.
Isn't it so pretty out there right now?
Why, there's grapefruit the size of black pickup trucks falling from the sky.
And the streets are a bit slick.
And those black pickup trucks don't know how slick it is.
And they're trying to get me again.
They were.
I was just on my way to the print shop to get the ad stickers printed up.
And the free information.
About...
About the Church of the Subgenius.
Which you can also get at Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Where you can learn how to get hold of the book of the subgenius.
And how to join in this mystic fellowship.
Yes, dear friends.
This mystic fellowship of mutants, misfits, and disbelievers.
And those who believe in Bob.
And in killing Bob.
To prove that it really is Bob.
So...
Why don't you go ahead and take the plunge this time, friends?
Go ahead.
Let us have your real world address.
What's to lose?
A little time?
Hurt your ego a little bit, baby?
You probably got time you're wasting on Mickey Mouse stuff now.
So, that's no big deal.
So, why not?
So, why not?
Why not make a new beginning in your life and see what'll happen?
I don't know.
You don't know.
You don't know.
You don't know.
And you will never know.
You have signed the application.
You do have the kit.
None of those things are important.
But there is a point in your life when you've got to just stop talking about it.
And you've got to stop worrying about what your friends and neighbors and relatives and
uncles and aunts and sisters and brothers and everybody else is going to say about it.
Because nobody else is going to pay your bills for you.
Why not?
You don't know.
And you will never know.
And who knows?
Just maybe.
Just maybe.
You could have one of the biggest...
I don't know.
But even more important.
You don't know.
And you will never know.
And you will never know.
Just maybe.
You're in for a new and exciting experience.
You have signed the application.
You've probably got time you're wasting on Mickey Mouse stuff now.
So that's no big deal.
And that last little bit there, friends.
A classic collage edit by Puzzling Evidence, the great Dee Woodman Atwell, first and foremost
the killer of Bob.
And it makes my eyes water listening to that old cut whenever I do.
Ah yes, The Harvest.
What are the different ways to be annoying?
One, the artsy approach.
Dress in black.
Wear a goatee, even if you're a female.
Write a poem about everything you see.
Everything.
It doesn't mean that every time you see a beautiful sunset, you should write a heartfelt sonnet.
It means that you should read your heartfelt sonnet to everyone you see, whether you know them or not.
When you're in a bookstore, recite clever literary limericks to the cashier.
A good first line would be,
Sit in coffee shops and draw sketches of other patrons.
Then insist on making the sketches personal gifts.
This comes naturally to most people.
Complain about everything, even stuff that doesn't exist.
You're only saying hello because you think you have to, aren't you?
Three, the clever approach.
Laugh at inappropriate times.
Did I ever watch television?
For that matter, am I ever doing anything?
Oh, you still read books?
How quaint.
I don't read anything written after 950 B.C.
Claim that the New York Times crossword puzzle has a misspelling in it.
Then, just when you've convinced everyone of your intellectual pensions,
change directions violently.
That Mike and Maddie show really speaks to me.
What if I get on my own nerves?
That means you're doing it wrong.
Ideally,
you're doing it wrong.
