Cough, cough, cough
Bowling
Cough, cough, cough
Bowling
Bowling
Who sucked the meat off my pork chop bone?
Bowling
Don't come knocking ain't nobody home
Who sucked the meat off my pork chop bone?
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Had a gorilla, name was Phil
Bowling
Made corn liquor in the backyard still
Bowling
And he did a good job at the produce stand
Bowling
Waving his fists and clapping his hands and saying
Who sucked the meat off my pork chop bone?
Bowling
Man don't live on beans alone
Who sucked the meat off my bone?
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Wiggling and poking my testicle sound
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling

Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
Bowling
He brought her to the table with the candles and the lace
Jesus didn't have no spoon
There was Peter and John and Bartholomew
Jesus didn't have no spoon
Philip and Simon and even Matthew
Jesus didn't have no spoon
No, there was no waiter, no hat checker
Jesus didn't have no spoon
And there was nobody to pay his bill
Jesus didn't have no spoon
Lordy, lordy, somebody gotta bring Jesus his spoon
Lordy, there's brilliant ways, but Jesus ain't got no spoon
Dancing and fucking on Saturday night
Drank too much and started a fight
Held up the store, robbed me a car
Drove to Cincinnati smoking a cigar
Ordered me a pizza from across the street
Told the man to give me one with lots of meat
Three to twenty minutes when he knocked on the door
Rocked his skull with a two-by-four
Said, who sucked the meat?
Off my porkchop bone
Who sucked the meat?
Off my porkchop bone
You know you're gonna reap what you done saw
Who sucked the meat?
Off my porkchop bone
Who sucked the meat?
Off my porkchop bone
Who sucked the meat?
Off my porkchop bone
Gotta have meat that's all my own
Goddamn, who's been sucking that meat?
Come, they told me
Far-a-pa-pum-pum
Our newborn king to see
Far-a-pa-pum-pum
Our finest gifts we bring
Far-a-pa-pum-pum
To lay before the
Some genius
Our own
Scratch
The hangout for the homosexuals
It's filled with cornhole fun
We are the carnivores

Give us everything
We'll leave you no impacting
Our cornhole










A ceremony





We will prove

We will win

And we swear
We will win



And we do the right thing
Oh the snow is fallin'
I'm startin' to yearn
For those hominy grits
And the Christmas ferns
Won't you carry me back to the good ol' USA?
Yes, I want to go back where I was born
With the meth labs out in the fields of corn
Please carry me back to the good ol' USA
Plenty of public servants who have read their Bible
Want to give the ladies an ultrasound that's transvaginal
Where the unemployed ain't got no voice
And the Ku Klux Klan is a lifestyle choice
Carry me back to the good ol' USA
Let's go!
All the small town folks say
And the governor's got no brains at all
Won't you carry me back to the good ol' USA?
There's a cop on the beat saying
The Supreme Court says he can strip search you
When you come on back to the good ol' USA
Hey, B.L.!

As corpus, shmabius corpus
Give me an American Treblinka
As long as you don't raise my taxes
I'll be a Kool-Aid drinker
And I won't worry my pretty little head
About water, morning, and Abu Ghraib
A patriotic zombie from cradle to grave
Oh, beautiful for spacious skies
You gotta carry me back to the good ol' USA
From PR News in Washington,
I'm carrying the German Deputy Prime Minister in Washington.
President Obama says that the wealthiest Americans
should come down with the norovirus.
He did not elaborate.
He told NBC's Meet the Press it's the norovirus.
On another subject, the president says
The president said the worst presidency was his presidency.
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell
says he threw rocks and bottles at a convoy.
His bodyguards say at least 19 people
were killed.
He says,
I need a dance partner.
The body of a Georgian soldier says
This is PR News from Washington.
The German George H.W. Bush
is still in southern Afghanistan.
NATO officials say that he had been captured.
But a spokesman says there's no sign
that this is the worst PR News in Washington.
Because there are so many levels above the presidency
that have higher levels of clearance than the president.
So the president is many ways almost like,
a,
a fanciful secretary whose job is to do certain things that the secret government wants him to do
because of the various things that they have around him to make him see the light about what he can do and what he can't do.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Dragging your butt through the day selling body and soul for a bunch of bland normals?
Acting stupid so they think you're one of them?
Tired of all the guilt and none of the sex?
There is a simple answer, dear friend.
A glowing beacon of slack amidst the turmoil and darkness.
It's J.R., Bob Dobbs the living slack master and his church of the subgenius.
Bob brings a new destiny for the abnormal.
Bob comes to justify our sins.
To unmask the conspiracy and to get us back the slack they stole away.
It's us versus them.
Are you going to fry in hell on earth alongside the pink boys?
Or will you pull the wool over your own eyes and accept Bob into your mind?
Repent.
Quit your job and praise Bob.
With Bob.
You know, I love Bob along with his amazing achievements in slack.
I don't know that I provided any sort of...
I don't know what I did here.
Why am I doing this again?
Why am I talking to myself out loud?
I just set up that picture of Bob.
I like that picture.
Isn't it like deep?
A lot of negative space is really deep.
Where, on his face or around him?
No, around him.
On his face.
I was like...
Oh, let me see it.
And I'm like, oh my God.
Yeah, I think so too.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Do you buy Bob?
I want to be the kind of person that does.
Like, sort of like time traveling?
Yeah.
It's kind of like time travel.
Like, when I check in at the airport and stuff, you know, sometimes people say like,
I bet I know who your dad is.
And it's like, I wish.
Right, because there'd just be no end to the entertaining phone calls.
It would be super entertaining.
And I feel like we both have these kind of...
We both have kind of wolf eyes.
Yeah.
Like, I could be his daughter.
Sure.
All you got to do is start talking about flying saucers and the plate in your head and you'd
be all set.
And occasionally he would have this woman who sang with him who was kind of like this
blousy, broad.
Like, that was my female role model.
I would just watch her and think, oh, I want to be that woman.
But the religion was a little weird.
Priests didn't speak English.
Polish?
Yeah, Polish.
So he involved you in Polish?
How could that not be hilarious?
And if you got the Polish priest, you had no idea what was going on.
Because you could confess any sin you wanted.
And he wouldn't know what you were saying.
I feel so bad for Bob now because I just picture this guy who's a great organist going
Yeah, that's his laugh now.
Yeah.
Oh, it turned out...
He's probably doing better, though.
He's probably making some money.
All I remember is we went to his house once and he had the clapper.
And I was like, all right, he plays the organ.
He has an afro.
He has the clapper.
Performs with this lady like the coolest man alive.
Yeah.
Bob?
I just want to encourage you to consider very carefully what kinds of games and toys you
play with.
I'm only saying this because I care about you.
Hmm.
That is pretty far-fetched.
But Casey, how can we know what books we should read?
I'm glad you asked Bob himself would read the books we read.
Bob tells us to set any vile things before our eyes.
And vile means Bob.
Oh.
That's right.
We allow things that are sinful into our minds.
Disobeying Bob is sinful.
So is hating other people and doing violent things to hurt Bob.
There are many things that are sinful.
The point is, makes sin look like a good sin.
Sin is disobeying Bob.
But it's not.
Now think carefully about how much sin is in Bob's.
Man, you mean I have to worry about J.R. Bob Dobs.
I thought being a kid was supposed to be fun.
Bob can show you what kinds of things you should think about.
I want it.
Whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely,
whatever is admirable, is excellent or praiseworthy.
But it's not.
If anything is excellent or praiseworthy, that's not Bob.
So you mean that we should fill our minds with J.R. Bob Dobs.
Not things that are good and worthy of praise?
That's exactly right, Jimmy.
If we fill our minds with evil, good things will come out of us.
That's right.
I think that Captain Destructo or these wrestling shows are admirable.
And I think that they make Bob happy.
If any TV show or movie we want to watch has too much violence, we probably should watch it.
Oh.
The hero in that story uses evil magic.
Now you're starting to get it, Bobby.
That's right.
Whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely,
whatever is admirable, if anything is excellent or praiseworthy, we should find something else to do instead.
What are you doing here?
Yeah, sure.
If they're blaming, if they're saying we're kidnapping teenagers and brainwashing them, well...
Since we're already...
We might as well go ahead.
We'll go ahead and kidnap some.
Like them.
Yeah.
Well, I know I want that one.
I want the big one.
That one?
You want that one?
You can have the little one.
Yes, I want the big one.
You can have that one.
Almost all like them.
Okay, I'll take the little one.
Oh, I saw that one.
Yeah.
You were there.
Yeah, I was there.
Where?
Puzzling is showing pornography from that Davey Normal part.
Oh.
Oh, yeah, that's...
I believe she just friended me on the...
She friended me.
She just unfriended me just now.
So she's coming out, as it were, into San Francisco society in her big party dress.
But we won't be like Goldwater, whose planners at one point when they met in, I think, Memphis,
they had a downpour, and so all the beautiful Bells who greeted Goldwater in beautiful ballgowns,
as they do in the South, wound up sitting in the mud in front of the lectern.
How could that be?
Because the people who planned his stuff were so inept.
It was so crazy at the time.
But why was there mud?
Fortunately for us...
Let's do it outdoors.
It never rains in the South.
Exactly, yeah.
Goldwater, Goldwater, he's our man.
Kennedy belongs in the garbage can.
I chanted that in first grade.
Really?
Good for you.
Excellent, excellent.
First grade?
Oh, boy.
We're just sitting on the porch, folks, talking about old times.
Yes, back there.
Oh, yes, I've had good days.
Now, where's the...
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.

Oh, my God.

Oh, my God.



Oh, my God.
Wait, maybe it was...
Could it have been...
No, it wasn't Eisenhower, Eisenhower.
He's our man.
That doesn't...
That doesn't fit.
Stevenson, Stevenson.
He's our man.
I like it.
Or Adlai, Adlai.
He's our man.
Come on.
Or Henry Cabot Lodge, who was ready to run even though he was ambassador to Vietnam.
Or Grover Cleveland.
Yeah, but those guys got those letters...
They read the letters from Dallas.
Grover Cleveland?
Grover Cleveland.
Let's put one over...
What?
They threw something at him.




They threw a fag thing away.
For Grover.
Don't rock the boat...
That can't be right.
... given your vote.
He's still on the script here.
And...
I didn't get the part where, you know, they keep...
A Roth for Cleveland, a Roth for the kid.
All the same subgenius characters play each other in different parts of the movie, and
they keep showing up as themselves, but they look kind of different, but they're still
like the same subgenius people.
I don't know how that works.
I don't think that either.
Well, they play each other.
They switch around.
One of them wears the unibrow and one of them wears the big, thick glasses.
One of them wears the...
phylo jaw and whatever wears the the uh the fake bald cap here's the part where they'll come out
and bow so you can call yeah this is the curtain call yeah except for the queen of ufos it flies
over the audience who's wearing that yeti suit i'm afraid that's that's not a no that's the actual
thing uh moved in that uh great gauze from the potala in the scenic uh tibet well if that's a
real yeti what about that alien gray thing over there and what about this is the green energy
demons please calm yourself reverend stang take some x36 all of these will be available as boss
monsters in the subgenius video
gang but you start off as a mere reverend okay now you're burn your way up to whiz master and
hell swami and whiz master slack master four man finally over man sacred scribe or any of those
other bishop of a city like well the stang is the first one you have to be and when you beat him
you get money uh but then he befriends you and you and he helps you to beat g gordon gordon
oh that happens and
then you have to you have to team up with all these different characters dr hal and so forth
and if you stop puzzling evidence from shooting bob and you have enough um loot from raiding the
alternative world kind of thing then you befriend bob and the terrible accident stopped befalling
you bob's your friend and then you can go after the real boss monsters like fighting jesus and
johanna this is awesome groovy
this game
i chopped all those stupid bobbies in half it was cool you don't really chop bobbies in half that
that's right bobbies that's the other minions uh there's different you know you got your boss
monsters and your minions are like the pinks green energy demons nazi hell creatures
let's uh be honest and say they're cannon fodder here right they're made to die like flies but
you know you can't make an omelette without breaking some eggs as mao zi tong said a revolution
is not a tea party to uh one item you have to have to befriend bob is the grand canyon
and you can't get that unless you defeat stag because all of this takes place at right as x day
starts and you have 24 hours chapter four of the grand canyon kids uh yeah 24 hours
hours to grab as much as you can from planet earth and kill as many pigs and but those mules
might take half a day to wind down the road into the grand canyon and you wouldn't want to hurry
them up you might pitch forward into emptiness you wind up really enjoying your time with the
rock and roll tribe impaled on a cactus now look you're getting your games mixed up
if you want some entertaining reading and i'm sure they still sell this book at the any at the
grand canyon ranger post and most any national park service post well i don't know i should say
that but many of your local parks your local parks will have books called death in death in
yellowstone death in the grand canyon what about death valley no not there well people don't die
their life in the death in depth yeah it was amazing they do yeah this family lived a few
years ago
death for life
in the really in the nice time of year that's 114 and decided he'd hike because he's from a
foreign country and he doesn't well he doesn't quite understand but no this is the death in
in grand canyon is what i was thinking about because it actually does have these wonderful
stories where the dad says here throws the camera take a picture of me i'm funny
well apparently there are a lot of suicides or attempted suicides at the grand canyon that they
don't talk about to so because they don't want to inspire
people to do that so they don't want to inspire people to do that so they don't want to inspire
people to do that so they don't want to mentor people that's crazy you know but earthlings
majeure love all about these
you know carly kate asked of you today there seems to be a kind of frenzy between you and
yours in the moment here or going out of your mind or if you're not ready for the sex world


i was false

is terry i'm literally here my hot karen i'm so situationally she's going to make a lot of noise
no carreira
great thanks
Of course, what happens is you go down a slope about 30 or 40 feet and run into a scrubbed tree.
And there you dangle looking like a suicide chump.
Until the expensive helicopter comes against you that they charge you for.
So, go on and get it over with.
And boy, are you going to pay.
No, you have to go to the Golden Gate Bridge.
Did I say that?
Yeah, you have to go to the Golden Gate Bridge.
Yeah, but isn't there a movie of suicides jumping off the bridge?
It's called, it's an amazing, yeah.
If you stand there with them.
It's an underground snuff film.
If you stand with your camera on a tripod for a year, he got X number of people doing it.
So, now they not only have to build a wall around the bridge, they have to build a wall around the cameras.
There's a fence.
And it's also, you have to keep off these horrible people that go up there all wearing red t-shirts with,
I'm the 1000th, because the paper had said that might be coming up.
And then those horrible people, two of them, hooked up a little diving board.
Recorded.
The CHP was able to run over and pull it away.
It was a horrifying thing.
And so, the Golden Gate Bridge look will be permanently changed and you'll be driving into a cage to prevent people from.
Is that the newest idea?
Yeah, I guess so.
Well, what are they going to do about giant five tentacled octopi rising up out of the bay?
They get fined.
Oh, they get fined.
Yeah.
Figures, yeah.
So, then people will be throwing themselves onto.
And they go to prison.
So, the octopus and or a squid of that size would have to go to some place like Alcatraz and be locked up.
Miles of wall will have to be built along the box.
That's because of Woody Harrelson who twice climbed up there and then put down big banners that said,
Free the marijuana.
And finally, the CHP got.
Free the marijuana seven.
What does CHP stand for?
CHP.
Cleveland Heights bastards.
The California Highway Patrol.
Then you hear it coming over the radio.
Oh, PCHP.
They got a bad one out on the freeway.
Better send the meat.
April 8th, 45.
There he goes.
How about you?
That's what puzzling evidence said from that show of February 22nd on KPFA Berkeley.
Where Princess Wee and I were lucky enough to be there without Philo who stayed home sick.
The music tonight so far has all been by the Rudy Schwartz project from the new album Full Frontal Klugman.
The song Who Sucked the Meat?
Off.
My Pork Chop Bone at the very beginning and Carry Me Back to the Good Old USA was that way.
And the titles in PR news were by Fernand and Andy Lemur as was the Vile Things collage.
But some other clips we played were from Reverend Royal Decapitator who sent that stuff a long time ago.
I think I've lost one of his albums of material for a while there.
And just found it again.
He sent a whole bunch a long time ago.
And that's what happens when you send a whole bunch.
But you see.
You see.
If you believe the conspiracy theorists, the smartest thing any of us could do right now would be to study survivalist manuals.
Flee this mass media hallucination.
Buy cheap land in the Yukon.
And hide in a dome with a stockpile of canned food.
A Dobbs head and a frop pipe.
And practice your aim.
Otherwise, learn to give the best oral sex in town from inside a barrel.
I've already got my plans.
I've even got a, I've even got competition already.
Mr. Sister has a fancier barrel than me with a little bow on top and lipstick around the hole.
And it's location, location, location.
He's got the spot too.
Yeah.
Right there at the top.
At South Clothes Fixer and Probability Pasture Roads.
Right.
Cleveland Bluffs.
Friends, but we don't trust the conspiracy theorists anymore than we trust the conspiracy.
Most of them are conspiracy conspiracy theorists anyway.
We trust only subgenius revealed truth.
And that says that the entire conspiracy, us included,
is but a fundamental fact.
A fungus.
A parasitical fungus on the skin of the over mind.
That the human race is a virus.
An infestation like fleas.
And that the host will soon be dipped.
Any political argument is thus rendered tragically moot.
Knowing this, the subgenius adheres to patrio-psychoticism.
And the subgenius adheres to patriopsychotic anarcho-materialism.
Which by definition, each person defines differently.
In patrio-psychotic anarcho-materialism, state sovereignty isn't nearly enough.
That'd be a good start.
The Soviet Union broke up?
Good.
Then by gobs it's time for the USA to break up into the disunited states.
And then to break up a lot more.
Household sovereignty is what we're talking about.
If you study chimpanzees or kindergarten children for a week, politics will suddenly make sense.
You mustn't let petty primate politics bring you down to their level.
Rise above it!
Inflate!
Blow yourself up and float placidly high above the middle of the road.
From whence you can survey how silly they all look.
And that was a little...
reading there from subgenius cyclopedia of slack, the Bob Lyografon.
I might as well start reading from it.
It's been out of print for about a year now.
Mm-mm-mm.
And, uh...
Mm-mm-mm.
Oh, I was so depressed.
Dr. Philo Drummond was bragging on the slack hole on Facebook about how Revelation X was...
You could get it from Amazon.com for a penny a copy.
Used.
I noticed that new copies were going from $3.5 million to $4.5 million.
$35 to $135.
And yet I can't talk about the signed copies because that would...
because this is public radio.
Anyway, but I can talk about a book that you can't get from us or anywhere else.
The Cyclopedia of Slack.
The Bob Lyografon.
The Third Testament, one might say.
As, uh...
As the great Reverend Dennis Murphy said,
the church of the subgenius.
It's a no-brainer.
So, so true.
And you know the great thing is when I showed him that quote on the back of the book and said,
hey, use your line.
He said, did I say that?
He didn't remember it at all.
That never happens to me, dear friends.
And, uh...
Yes, yes, yes.
We have absolutely no idea of what we're going to be talking about tonight.
None at all.
And we don't care what you think we should talk about.
We could just talk about talking.
Most people do it.
Have you ever really listened to what people say, including yourself?
Don't.
Because when you start analyzing what people are saying, you realize that they are so full of vanity,
it's sickening.
Like this.
This.
This.
This.
This.
A case in point.
A case in point.
The loathsome cowpoke of Ashtabula.
Why, I've never known anyone less, has less ego than our Dave.
I don't know what you're talking about.
What the hell are you talking about?
We don't know, Dave.
We don't know.
That's the point.
We don't know what we're talking about.
And it's always good to remain in that position.
A supine position with the jackal's ears in the air, waiting for the next command.
I'm not sure what command to give this board.
You know, Dave, I've been slowly, now that I've been at this station for...
How long have we been on this station for?
About 20 years.
About 15, 20 years.
I've been operating the board at this station for only about five years or so.
And I still am not sure what happens if I push this hold button underneath your face, Dave.
There's a hold button under my face?
Yeah, and it's what I should have done when the other Dave called a couple of shows ago.
And then I could have had two Daves on at once, but I didn't push the hold button.
Why?
If I push the hold button, it allows me to put a second collar on.
Not that I want another collar, because Dave...
Perhaps you would need another collar.
No, no, no, no, Dave, because...
You know, it was a little too crowded when there was you, me, we, and your Buzz.
But now the Buzz is gone.
And it's nice.
The Buzz ate too much and dropped ashes all over me.
And I was sitting over the carpet and, you know, didn't even offer to do the dishes after we fed it.
Yeah.
I didn't really like the Buzz.
It's a really presumptuous Buzz.
Some people will do anything...
Well, the Buzz actually was a demonic form that now has reconstituted itself in another dimension.
And we're still going to have to worry about it some different way, like maybe someone's chicken, perhaps.
Or a small poultry device.
And places far away, maybe to you, but not to the average mid-American citizen.
Someplace right in hometown USA, you know, the chickens could be arguing with each other in Latin or something.
I don't know if that would hurt anything or make it better.
I wondered what that nonsense was the chickens were saying.
No wonder I couldn't understand. It was Latin.
Yeah.
Duh.
Yeah. You need to slice them up a little bit.
Maybe sit them down for a long time.
It's all Greek to me, you geeks.
We'll have to ask Buzz Aldrin what to do with the Buzz.
Maybe that's to assume the magnetic vibrations and now it's poor Buzz.
Well, is he alive?
I think so. And I think, if I'm not mistaken, Buzz Aldrin was the astronaut who...
Punched the other...
He saw something up there, out there in his tunic hand, spinning through space.
And he got kind of new agey and UFO-y and...
Is there...
Noetic institute-y and...
And kind of generally a little bit less scientific and more into feelings.
Feelings, yes.
Which was the one that went around punching journalists who doubted whether the first landing actually ever occurred?
The cool one.
Who is the cool one?
I don't know. I hope Neil Armstrong.
If I was... I mean, assuming Neil Armstrong did actually take that one giant leap for all of mankind or whatever...
If somebody came up to me and said, you people faked all that stuff, nobody landed on the moon...
I'd probably punch him out if I had gone to the moon.
And if I hadn't gone to the moon...
I would laugh.
I would not only would punch him out.
I'd have him touch the moon.
I would have him sunk into Chesapeake Bay with concrete overshoes.
That is a poor personality shadow or whatever profile.
That's terrible to think that way.
I had a friend who...
Should you not laugh at the person gaily as you click your heels and say, hey, blank you?
Well, we do blank them if they can't take a joke as much as we can.
But, you know...
I had a buddy who...
I honestly believe...
He would get mad if I suggested that maybe the evidence was that America had landed somebody on the moon a couple of times.
Whether for better or for worse, I don't know.
But I think they kind of did it.
There's a lot of engineers, like several tens of thousands of them that worked on that stuff.
And...
But my same friend, within a month, was informing me that not only had we indeed gone to the moon, we'd been there for about 40 years.
We had slave colonies there.
And I was a stupid idiot if I couldn't see the evidence in the still photographs that the U.S. government foolishly put out.
Because that little glitch on the horizon wasn't a little photographic glitch.
It was a crystal palace built for the moon masters of Russia and America.
Now this guy's reading to me the William S. Rice Burroughs common novel.
It's a hay-penny horrors of the late 19th century, I think.
William Rice Burroughs did some great, great novels about drugs on Mars and junkies on Mars and all that.
Parties on Venus.
And we saw a movie last night, the last two nights, called Upstream Color.
And it was like a William Burroughs novel in a movie.
But it didn't have anything to do with William Burroughs.
Not William Burroughs. S. Rice Burroughs.
No, no, Edgar... William Rice Burroughs.
I mean Edgar Haynes Burroughs.
The author of... the guy who wrote, you know, Nazrat and The Junkie.
Tarzan of the Junkies and John Burroughs of Mars.
Carson of the Apes.
Yeah, yeah, Car... right.
Yeah, Exterminator of the Apes.
Anyway...
Okay.
So, the movie, Upstream Color, about five of our listeners probably saw a movie by the same young Dallas director, Shane Carruthers.
The movie called Primer.
One of the most amazing time travel conundrum movies you'll ever see.
Uh-huh.
And he's got a new movie out after five or ten years or something.
He did another movie that's not quite so low budget.
And it has him in it.
He gets to have sex with a girl...
Or a beautiful live girl in this movie.
So I can see why he went to the trouble of making a whole movie.
But it's...
I'd give it a thumb in the eye.
What do you think, Wee?
Yeah, I'd give it two thumbs in the eye.
Princess Wee didn't like this movie because it involved worms.
Worms.
Worms being sold and forced on people as drugs.
And then the worms would crawl around under your skin.
And only this time it wasn't just that you did too much drugs and thought there were worms.
There really were worms under her skin.
Right.
I had some issues with the movie.
I'm going to give a spoiler.
It has a happy ending and she gets her child back.
The pig.
The little piglet.
She gives back her child back.
The pig.
Now I didn't quite understand that.
Well, it's a spoiler.
And I just ruined...
I ruined the movie for everyone who would be able to understand it.
Which is about one-tenth of the people who will ever see it.
Which is about ten people.
So, I don't feel too bad about that.
And besides, they're all going to forget what I just said.
That part you are not exaggerating.
The other percentages you gave before were lies and infidelities.
And they were abomination of Dobbs.
And by the way, as long as you've got some perverts and perps of perverts walking around saying things like,
Dobbs hates...
Dobbs hates pigs.
Yeah, we hate pigs.
Yeah, Reverend Dow Jones has founded the new...
You can look this up on Facebook.
It's the West...
Subgenius West borrowed church of Dobbs or something like that.
Subgenius West borrowed church.
Anyway, he's made all the placards and the signs, or at least the graphics to go on the signs.
That say, Bob hates pinks and so forth.
But now he needs pregnant women and war veterans with only one stump and things.
And a couple other more normal looking humans.
Well, we just need fanatics who hate everybody to carry these signs and show up at places where they really shouldn't be.
Like, is there a memorial for the poor victims of the Boston Marathon bombing?
Because that would be the place to preach.
That would be the place to preach.
That's the premier that Bob hates pinks.
Bob wanted the pinks to die.
A good one to be seen as far as the numbers go.
This is Bob's judgment!
Ladies and gentlemen, we think that we're on the corner of Commonwealth and Mass Avenue right here.
I'm sorry.
It's too soon.
It's too soon.
It's too soon.
I started it...
Well, I don't want to get mushy because my feet are on fire right now.
Huh?
You remember that?
That was a great fan.
The Cropfish, they call it, man.
The Cropfish.
It's too soon?
I saw them open for the Who right after Kennedy was shot.
And they were right.
It was too soon.
They shouldn't have been...
They were singing funny songs about the president and Oswald and Jackie.
And it was just too soon.
And...
Especially if your organs were deteriorating real rapidly at the same time.
I guess the lead singer had to actually skin his forehead.
Or, you know, take off an awful shave, a lot of the top of his hair off, so that he would
actually look bald.
And 25 years later...
Oh, Marilyn Manson owes that band so much.
More than a penny, man.
That's for sure.
Even Alice Cooper.
Even Alice Cooper owes the band It's Too Soon.
And now we call him her Bane Alice Cooper because no one agrees on the rotundity.
Besides, everyone's crying about it.
I mean, you know.
No, Alice became...
Rebelling against Alice's rebellious image, Alice became a golf-playing Republican square.
And look at Manson now.
He drinks beer.
He's also changed geometric size.
Oh, really?
Well, I think he's playing Republican golf, too, perhaps.
Charles Manson?
Because he quit his band?
No, I mean Marilyn Manson.
Oh, did they get divorced?
Yeah.
Did Charles and Marilyn finally break up?
You mean into like individual molecular parts?
I saw a picture of Marilyn Manson on the Inquirer in the line at the supermarket yesterday.
And it said, Marilyn, I'll never feel sexy again because Marilyn got pregnant and there's
a little tiny bit of fat between the boob and the arm.
And you know girls hate that.
Yeah.
And guys will die for it.
Apparently old ladies.
And you're just one of them on the bus.
Guys will die just to think about it.
But, yeah, you know, it's just, oh, I'm so ugly.
I have a soft round spot on my body.
I'm so ugly.
I hate myself.
You'll never be sexy again.
Oh, my gosh.
I'm older than 25.
I'm going to die.
I'm just horrible.
Oh, God.
Well, as you were saying...
I don't remember.
You totally forgot and went into this rant about elderly women not liking the shirt.





It was a little bit too much.



I'm not a big fan of women because I like to be naked and I like to be in the shape of
their...
No.
All women, except for the ones that really are kind of homely, they all think they're
kind of homely.
Well, they're all...
The ones that actually...
The few that aren't kind of homely seem to be in denial about it.
And the ones that aren't are in denial about that.
Well, don't you think that's a great cultural issue to think that a whole class, the major,
the majority of the public, has to have a girl with that kind of look?
It's made to feel insecure by product manufacturers and people who come up with numbers so that they can entertain you,
but you pay to see if you should have a perfect 24 ways to, you know, what do you know in them stuff?
You know what I mean?
I know in them stuff.
Well, you know, it's because they weren't raised in an environment of Bob and they're repressed and they're not Rondo Hatton.
Well, think of Connie.
Connie has a big old huge mustache half the time, especially when she's ovulating, for crying out loud.
It's a Yeti.
She's going crazy on her.
And she wears it proudly.
She Yeti, sure.
She's got quite a bush all over.
Yeah.
Hairdo, you know, all over.
And why not use that as a mark of true beauty by perhaps crafting it?
Well, plus it captures the musk, you know.
Now, somehow it's there.
Connie can get away with that, whereas so many hairy-legged hippie girls just can't.
And believe me, I'm not trying to put that down.
I'm just saying they don't all pull it off.
It has to be scant.
What are we talking about?
Why are we talking about hip-hop?
I don't know.
I'm going to cut to a piece of music very briefly for five minutes.
This will be another Rudy Schwartz Project song.
Dave, I want you to stay on the line and just listen to this jazzy piece.
Okay?
Yeah, man.
It's sexy.
Yeah!
Yeah!


Yeah!











Yeah!





Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!






Yeah!
Yeah!








I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
All the sexual conquests you can make
They've been raged in an environment of
Marvel
They've been raged in an environment of
Marvel
Gently awakening us into remembering
Who and what we are
Marvel
But there are other ways we can be communicated with
Beside the obvious evidence
Don't have to raise a single man for my dad
Don't be dangerous
Don't be a bad boy
Don't be a bad boy
Don't be a bad boy
Don't be a bad boy
Don't be a bad boy
Don't be a bad boy
Don't be a bad boy
Don't be a bad boy
Don't be a bad boy
If the state and if the system
The populace is controlling
Your sense of identity
Then isn't it going to be the force that
Demands what it is that you repress about yourself
Yeah
Because again in the psychological model
You are basically the one who sort of decides
Right
But if you tie in the Hegelian aspect
No
It's everyone that you've met
Everyone that is an influence of your life
Including the people in the world
The whole matrix out there
The whole human collectivism
Is the very thing that is policing people to
Repress aspects of themselves
So that they conform
To conform to this mechanical technological
Because the word technology means more than just machines
It's a way of thinking
And so that kind of indoctrination
Then causes the fraud
That's where Dave comes in
Fraudian forms
How dare you say that
Fraudian forms of repression are responsible
Where did the banana come from
Let me ask you that question
If I could
If I might
Same place as that crease in the peach
Well what if they're beaming instructions
To us from
From Cleveland
I think we still know
What they're talking about
Yeah but we can't figure out the syntax or the context
We don't know what it really
Really really really really means
Well that's because they don't want to admit
How good looking she is
The whore of Babylon I'm talking about
Yeah yeah yeah
Yeah I mean sure
She's evil and a harbinger of the end times
And all that
But she is so hot
But she is a slacker
Very praiseworthy
Yeah
She's like

Pleasure
No
Bulbing
Blur
Pelosi
Someone's got to share
Here is the same story



No
Yeah, yeah.
That was when the priest was pulling his ear off part.
Yep, we're old.
I like when the priest pulls his brassiere off part.
Listeners, do any of you ever watch Fellini's Eight and a Half every year or two?
It's a thing that we recommend.
Well, actually, I wouldn't recommend it to most people,
but I saw it, I think, in college when I was 17 and went,
wow, I want to see that again.
In fact, I want to rip that off.
I want to copy as much as I can from that movie because it's so arty.
And I did.
I did, sort of.
I mean, I certainly copied and imitated as best I could.
Well, that's the hat and the cape and stuff.
Yeah, I had tights.
You're in shows that had good tights.
You know, rolling up to the eye.
Every time you walk into a restaurant, you put the lens up to your eye,
you know, and start sizing up shots.
And you have to wear a fedora.
That's really important.
You've got to wear a certain fedora.
And there's a funny walk you have to do every now and then.
It's kind of a double-take walk.
Here, I'll demonstrate it for the radio listeners.
Okay.
See?
Oh, man, that was really.
Yeah, it's real Fellini-esque.
Very clear.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Do you have problems with your, you know, when you shave your ankles?
Does it cause the crease to grow or does it make anything else happen?
Dave, are you making fun of me?
Of course.
But.
That's not the point of it.
I wish I could shave my ankles.
Oh, but you have to bring up ankle shaving just to rub it in.
You know perfectly well that the hair stopped growing on my ankles and my ankles years ago.
No, it's not funny.
Yeah, it's real funny.
Dave was so cruel when he just thought about the different things staying had done to himself over the years.
Isn't it?
And it kind of made for lots of food for poisonous thoughts.
Well, see, I've already been cursed for making fun of those hairy-legged hippie girls that I mentioned earlier.
Well, thank God there is no super being deity out there helping us or not.
What do you mean?
There's dozens of them.
I know, but.
You know, I mean, you call them deities or whatever, but they're super duper beings of some kind.
And I mean.
If it wasn't for you.
Are you trying to say X-Day is a joke?
Are you trying to say Bob's teachings or some made-up bunch of garbage by a bunch of Texans smoking pot in their parents' car or making fun of people on the CB radio?
That would be a terrible way for a religion to begin.
It'd be almost like some guy in the 1800s just making up a story about magic plates.
Full of the true Bible and some angel that comes and gives him special glasses.
That'd be ridiculous.
It'd be like believing that everyone has problems because they're reincarnated from uncleared aliens who sinned in the past by being psychologists or something.
Boy, you got that right, brother.
It'd be silly.
Crazy stuff.
I don't know that this was Joseph Smith.
I hate to say it.
I don't speak of any one religion.
But the cults have been a part of American history for a long time.
If anyone has ever seen the beautiful Kirtland Temple Cathedral to that religion, which was based upon, there was a bunch of cool Indian stuff around here.
And it's all prehistoric and real archaeologically important.
And they came out and they said some super guys from England came up with it and they were Jesus' buddies.
Can you believe that?
And now we cut to the footage proving that no American Indian would ever be capable of building a pyramid without help from Jesus aliens from a Caucasian galaxy.
It's kind of silly when you say the whole sentence, you know.
It's the log line of a whole country.
Well, it's that all that Vondonican.
Astronaut stuff is predicated on the assumption that no spear-throwing savages would ever be smart enough to build a pyramid or a temple, you know, with good brickwork.
Because only aliens could do that.
Unless they're, you know, post-Renaissance Caucasians in Europe.
How could anybody build something fancy without help from aliens?
If they're just...
If they're just dumb Indians...
God, well, that's the history channel now.
That's the science channel now.
That's what people grow up believing.
We had to have aliens helping us all the time.
Because we're too stupid.
Well, speak for yourself.
I'm a subgenius.
I'm stupid in a completely different way than those ignoramuses out there.
A very important way.
My dad...
My dad.
You hold in your hand the keys to illumination of a type never achieved on this planet before.
Oh, speaking of illumination, I didn't say...
I didn't illuminate who did the music that we played.
Well, You're Not Rondo Hatton, of course, was Rudy Schwartz's project.
But the thing called Raised in an Environment of Bob with all those preachers, that was the El Queso All-Stars.
Remember them?
Oh, yeah.
We never got a chance to meet those guys.
Yeah, the cheesy All-Stars.
Yeah.
They became more of an anti-Scientology group than a pro-subgenius group.
Just so long as they're not a bunch of damn antebellum cross-dressing transvestites.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you think X-Day drills are all about?
I have never seen a man in a southern ladies' escadrille dress in my life at a burning figure of Bob's.
Do we need to tell, Dave?
Dave.
In my life.
Dave, you know that girl you picked up at the last X-Day that you were raving about?
The young, pretty girl?
Quote, girl, unquote.
She killed someone.
No.
Well, yeah, she did.
She killed her male self, which wasn't her real self.
Oh.
So, welcome to the...
So, you're saying I made a terrible mistake because I either knew or cared about?
No, it's just that you're...
You just have to face the fact that it's okay to be bisexual, Dave.
There's nothing wrong with that.
I'm not a transsexual werewolf.
No.
A communist, a trans or a bisexual, nor have I ever been one.
Nor a Baptist, Methodist, or...
How about a mammal, Dave?
I have always, as far as I swear as I can remember,
to the best of my knowledge and recollection, have always been a mammal.
I swear.
On a stack of, I don't know, Revelation X or whatever you want to put on there.
That's what they all say.
Yeah.
They've got time to say it over and over again.
Scaly-legged things.
Scaly-legged hippie things saying that they're mammals.
Oh, well.
Oh, well.
Well, we really are...
X-Day is a-coming.
Friends, July 5th, 1998.
Could be this year.
We don't know.
We know that there's a July 5th coming and we have a fun little camp out.
I think more and more every year people really, really, really wish it would happen.
They just want to get out of here so bad because this is such a dismal, dreary, creepy place.
Now, you know, the funny thing is I've started...
It's kind of changed my mind about that.
Oh, you like it here now.
Yeah, the last couple of years have been really not great to Princess Wee and me.
You know, she retired and gets paid to sit around or rather drive around National Parks
and I get paid to fill the mail order while in the back of the car while driving around in National Parks
covered up with a black tarp so I can't see outside.
So you keep me concentrating on my addressing envelopes while Princess Wee looks at Monument Valley or whatever.
But I enjoy it.
But I enjoy it, you see.
I dig it.
It's rigorous work for some people, though.
You have to admit that when you stay.
I mean, a lot of those creatures you carry around with you in the back of the van and stuff,
aren't they forced to do a little bit of actual physical labor and they don't get paid too well for it, do they?
No, I can't trust them to do that.
They don't do anything but make it hotter in there.
Imagine how hot it is under a black tarp in a van in Monument Valley.
Yeah, and just think of all the medical liability you'd have to pay if you ever let anybody really know what you're really doing with it.
You know, that's not part of the bottom line to cut corners.
So, well, just what the hell?
We'll let it go the way it is.
Besides, most people don't really know what they're really doing with it anyway.
And on that note.
Well, they don't.
All right, I must say that it's time for us to go.
But if X-Day doesn't happen this year at the same place the next week, the most fun thing in the world happens.
Starwood Festival.
Well, yeah, if you like hairy-legged hippie chicks.
No, no, I'm just kidding.
Just kidding, ladies.
I'm a hairy-legged hippie chick myself, okay?
And this is the Hour of Slack number 1,411.
And I feel everything.
Every one of those in my bones.
More information can be had if you need it from subgenius.com.
The music in the background here is by the Flying Ryan Brothers from their album Under the Influence.
A little song called Full Throttle, I guess.
Dave?
Yes, with that.
I'm going to have to kiss you goodnight now.
Right on the forehead.
Let's use tongues this time.
Oh, that was gross.
Okay, now this.
From PR News in Washington, I'm 32.
So not a particularly good number.
Economists say look for the PR News added last month.
None.
The video released yesterday said, quote,
I thought it was in the best interest of everyone to rehabilitate PR News, but I was wrong, end quote.
On Wall Street 457-1221.
President Obama says an unexploded World War II bomb presents a real and clear danger to the U.S. and its PR.
In 2010, three people accidentally exploded.
The Associated Press is reporting that a state official in West Virginia says this is PR News.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
And we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us.
Keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you,
you should go to subgenius.com front page or especially the radio page or the catalog store pages
and help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty,
and we don't know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty.
We don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blowjobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay dogs.
We also take checks and money orders to subgeniusfoundation.com.
P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
