uh, plays the show in other towns, and everyone who, uh, pays money to the station here in Dallas
to keep us on and on and on and on. Well, I guess it's time to do show now. Ah, yes.
Ah, it's so relaxing to do a nice religious program like this. Why, all you really need is your background Christian music,
even though we make a mockery of such things. Isn't it terrible?
And, uh, and your, your, well, your script, whatever that may be.
In this case, I've got this book called The Great.
The Great Thoughts. Ah, so, so relaxing, isn't it?
Yeah, relaxing. Well, that's pretty boring, too, isn't it?
Okay, let's just...
There. Is that it?
Is that it?
Well, that's boring, too. I don't want to hear that. Someone called and said that my voice sounded, uh, sounded thin and crackly.
No, it didn't, it really wasn't.
And, oh, I hope using add voice effects didn't even not let that happen because they're a little unusual is important, but...
It's all about sound effects.
M giàa...
John, just come in here.

Oh, my hitting with it again now.
How do you say
Why are you beat?
High.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, your bornэير me!
There's no place for me to play it in Dallas.
Nobody, none of the other clubs.
Shut up, Will.
Don't laugh.
It's not funny.
None of the clubs here in Dallas seem to have any, any, uh...
I guess it's just, you know, subgenius do small time for Dallas.
Of course, I haven't gone to any of those clubs looking,
trying to get, to get show, but...
I don't know.
Have you ever felt this way, friends?
Have you ever felt like, like, say you had this social setback
or a slight humiliation, and on top of that,
you have a certain sensitivity to any kind of external contacts
and a tendency towards asocial withdrawal of some kind,
not to mention a certain amount of subjective preoccupations
that you have with your friends.
It's just, you know, very, very individualized sort of eccentric interests.
Typical subgenius so far, we're describing.
By the way, you're listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
I knew that I was forgetting something.
Didn't even do the title music.
Can you believe it?
Came in here to do a show without the title music.
Yeah.
But I'm not, you know, it's because of the illness.
That's what it was.
It's the illness that's been making me just, I don't know,
it's hard to keep on top of things.
Have you ever had the feeling of hypochondriasis,
which is the search for medical verification of an illness,
but failure to find it?
Or you're convinced you're sick, but the doctor keeps going,
no, there's nothing wrong with you.
Nothing wrong?
It's all in your mind.
And then...
That's followed, of course, by increased concern,
even obsession with bodily functions.
Not like the subgenius church lately or anything.
But it makes me...
That kind of thing just gets to you.
You know, it eats away at you.
I keep wondering.
And that's another thing.
Have you ever started to have increasing worries?
Like, why?
And what?
What?
And above all, when?
When?
When am I going to get it?
When are they going to do it to me?
And finally, you come up with this irrational sort of revelation.
I know I do.
Which is the formulation of a manufactured insight
into how this illness or whatever your problem is happened.
Which, of course, can then...
That one thing leads to another.
And next thing you know, you've got somatic delusions
and retrospective falsifications of the origins of the physical complaint.
In other words, well, it's not because I tried to carry that bathtub up the stairs
that my back hurts.
It's because...
It's because that UFO abduction.
Yeah, that's it.
And David Ferry and those UFO guys, they did something to me.
They put something in my mind.
And pretty soon, you...
You...
You...

You experience projection or the belief that the illness is caused by an external factor.
Such as...
The conspiracy.
Hmm.
Hmm.
A systemization of that delusion,
and then a clarification of it,
will help you shift your anxiety, dear friends,
and consequent reintegration of the personality.
You see, we're trying to reintegrate the personality
so that you realize that all your problems,
really are caused by a...
A huge and complex conspiracy
of those who are out to get you.
Uh, what we call in the business here,
conspiracy logic,
or interpretation of events as links in a conspiracy.
And of course, the circle of persecutors gets wider and wider
until it's like worldwide.
The conspiracy's everywhere.
And then you start wondering why the persecution has focused on yourself.
And of course, uh...
The only way to explain that is,
gee, I must be really important.
So those, uh, delusions of grandeur and increasing grandiosity occur
to the point where you become like a...
Maybe a radio show host.
Blabbering crazily about conspiracies that are out to get you and your friends.
Finally, there's a recognition of an important mission.
And that mission is to...



To save the world.
To be a messenger of God.
Can you imagine that?
And finally, and this is the part that...
This is my favorite part.
But it usually only happens late at night.
Cosmic identity.
The belief that you are the universe.
Or that you are God.
Uh, yes, well that was actually a description of the, um...
Oh!
I didn't put that in there.

That sound of that black cat screeching and fighting
or whatever they're doing back there in the mix.
Somebody else must have.
You know, they put codes in that show.
They put special sounds in that show that are subliminal,
that make you paranoid.
They're...
The subgenius thing is the CIA.
They're fronted...
They're like a...
They're sponsored by the CIA.
They're doing, uh, experiments.
Sort of like Jonestown was.
Jim Jones was a CIA provocateur.
They were doing an experiment on belief systems.
You see.
And that's why the Church of the Subgenius is here.
It's just a more sophisticated one.
Rather than trying to talk you into committing suicide
by drinking the stupid Kool-Aid.
Well...
We're just trying to talk you into parting with that
which has enslaved you.
Your pathetic little wallet, dear friends.
Ah, yes, it's a...
A civilization of succ...
Wait a minute.
This...
Ah...
One must center oneself
in order to do a proper subgenius show.
And that often requires nice, soothing background music.
As we study the, uh...
Tonight...
As we study the, um...
Effects of paranoia...
Uh...
The evolving system of paranoia...
Which we, faithful subgeniuses, know as the true...
The true belief in Bob.
The...
The, um...
The quest for slack.
Ah, yes.
Praise be.
We're gonna do a song...
That you never heard before.
The torch has been passed...
To a new generation of Americans.
Lesson 3...
Got to have soul!
Got, got, got to have, to have, got to have soul!
Let's dance!
Let's dance!
Let's dance!
Let's dance to the drummer's beat!
Let's dance!
Let's dance to the drummer's beat!
Let's dance!
Let's dance!
Let's dance!
Let's dance!
Let's dance!
Let's dance!

The message is...
Mars...
Needs...
Women.
We interrupt this record to bring you a special bulletin.
The reports of a flying saucer hovering over the city have been confirmed.
Time to get on up now!
Gonna dance to this key word, uh-oh!
Time to get on up now!
Hip Hop!
Hip Hop!
Hip Hop!
Hip Hop!
Let's dance!
Let's dance to the drummer's beat!
Let's dance!







Let's dance, let's dance to the double beat.
Let's dance, let's dance cause it's all so sweet.
Let's dance, let's dance.
I know a dark, deep-rooted place.
A place where no one knows your face.
A glass of wine, a fast embrace.
It's called Fernando's Hideaway.
Olé!
Here's Johnny!
Yeah, yeah, we know, we know.
出来 item
Capriccio



Snow
Administrator
This is the part of this song you got to watch, ladies and gentlemen.
You don't have to say anything and you don't have to do anything.
Oh, maybe just whistle.
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve?
You just put your lips together.
You just put your lips together.
Let's dance to the devil's beat.
Let's dance.
Let's dance to the devil's beat.
Let's dance.
Let's dance because it's all so sweet.
Let's dance.
Let's dance.
I could dance with you till the cows come home.
On second thought, I'd rather dance with the cows than you come home.
Let's dance.
Let's dance.
Let's dance.
Let's dance to the devil's beat.
Let's dance.
Let's dance to the devil's beat.
Let's dance.
Let's dance to the devil's beat.

Let's dance if you're a big fat freak.
Let's dance.
Let's dance.

And say, children.
What does it all mean?
What does it all mean, dear friends?
Why does God allow pain and death?
I asked Dr. Fowler.
drumming that and he asked Bob and we found that indeed God allows pain and
death in order to evolve a great man truly good or women great beings must be
evolved by survival of the fittest who are able to analyze the reason for the
suffering and the greater message behind it and be able to appreciate it have I
already preached on this before I can't remember friends it's been so hectic but
oh I didn't want to get away from the point which was the meaning of life all
of mankind suffering basically is what has existed all of all of life's
existence up until until this moment existed for the specific purpose of
Korea of creating us at this moment basking
in this in this meditation upon our own true greatness and luck to be at this
moment alive and able to appreciate why the world is the way it is and why so
much crap is going on all the time and why so much crap happened all those
millions and millions of years it was just so that we'd be able to sit here
right now and think back and just appreciate it all isn't that pleasant
isn't that what religion is all about isn't that what religion is all about
but you think the subgeniuses are crazy my friends there have been entire
civilizations of suckers the the best illustration of all of that of religion
gone hog wild is Easter Island because you know once people get it into their
heads that their gods want them to do something my god and and so if as we
gaze down upon Easter Island we'll see that there's a lot of people who are
bound to this world ending up with being created byşarishaj's evil and

work that's been done so long for them out there in the so called survival
Ismael I told you that he had go to rif

Minoan and the Highland people they lived with all the Boron do do a which
odds look like the next but on his own
However, they chopped down all the trees on the island in the process of doing this and
wrecked the ecosystem, which they interpreted as a further sign of the gods' displeasure
with the other cult, which in turn drove the constant fighting.
So it became a vicious circle.
And finally, they decimated each other in starvation.
But boy, were their gods impressed.
Their descendants reverted to the Stone Age.
You know, the current inhabitants, or the people who lived on Easter Island when it
was sort of rediscovered, didn't remember who had built the heads or why any of that
had happened.
They had reverted to the Stone Age and were living in caves and essentially were nocturnal
people afraid to come out in the daytime because they were afraid of the long-vanished religious
nuts who had driven them into the caves and destroyed their...
Eventually, that's the most wonderful thing.

The wonderful thing about it, they ended up completely ignorant of the gods that started
it all and what it was all about in the first place.
And long after the religious nuts had killed all of each other off, their poor, wimpy victims
were still hiding in caves, forgetting their entire history, forgetting the whole point
of the battles.
It's the most horrible thing that can happen to a civilization.
And that describes what happened also to the descendants of Mutantus.
Yes, it happened to us.
The Yetis are the children of the Yeti.
And furthermore, it will continue to happen on a worldwide scale as this planet keeps
getting too crowded.
You know, one has to imagine eventually it could become just a battle between two types
of fundamentalist idiots, each trying to retain their nationalism to the point where they
destroy the whole world, including their nation, and the survivors won't remember the cause
or even the origin.
But, you know what, dear friends?
War is heck.
War is just heck, isn't it?
Too darn bad.
But what we're trying to…
Hold on.
I'm sorry to have to keep interrupting you.
I'm not just…
I just don't feel like doing one of those spiffy, edited, carefully prepared shows that
we normally do for you, as you're so familiar with, with all the nice, clean segues and so
forth.
Just been too busy and just don't care.
Guess that's what it comes down to, ain't it?
Just don't care.
Ain't it grand, ain't it grand?
But you know, the substance of all of our lives is woman.
Well, I'm speaking for the guys here.
And you gals should appreciate this.
As it says here, woman.
















And the great thoughts.
And these are the great thoughts of George Moore, who also said, I don't care how the
poor live.
My only regret is that they live at all.
But he said, the substance of our lives is woman.
All other things are irrelevancies, hypocrisies, subterfuges.
We sit talking of sports and politics, and all the while our hearts are filled with memories
of women and the capture of women.
That is a great thought.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It is a truly, truly great thought.
I hope that wasn't one that I read last week.
You know, my mind has been destroyed by the paranoia.
Because the foundation of irreligious criticism is this.
Man makes religion.
Religion does not make man.
Religion is, in fact, the self-consciousness and self-esteem of a man who has either not
yet gained himself or has lost himself.
I'm sorry.

You're the prophet of Rohit and I'm just saying, if we were to go back in time and
look at the Iran conflict difficult chronology, would you do that?
You know, you might be my maiden800 medical point of reference in one way or the other,
but when it comes to the response to your mausoleum weirds were so brave to speak up, I wonder

How manyули are turning on myach learnt?
Yours?
I don't know what he's trying to tell us there, friends.
You never know with these communists.
The theory of the communists may be summed up in the single sentence,
abolition of private property.
What a great idea!
Gee, just think how many zillions of wimpy intellectuals went for that one.
And how many pinks went along with it because,
well, somebody else said it was a good idea.
I'm not capable of, I don't know if I should,
I don't know who to vote for.
I don't, I, well, whatever they say must be best.
Actually, Bob believes in the abolition of private property of yours
and making it into his own through chaos or education.
But our bourgeoisie,
not content with having to live in a city of private property,

not content with having the wives and daughters of their proles at their disposal,
not to speak of common prostitutes,
take the greatest pleasure in seducing each other's wives.
That's what old Carl said about the bourgeoisie.
That they, what an embittered old crank.
Now here's another great embittered old, old crank.
Charles Fort, one of my heroes.
Charles Fort was the guy who practically invented UFO,
UFO-ology.
And I didn't know this about my hero,
but apparently,
this all sounds sort of familiar.
As a young man, Fort traveled around the world
with the definite purpose of accumulating experiences and impressions of life
so as to become a writer.
And after a few years, he settled down and began to write.
He was briefly hailed as a new and rare literary star in 1905,
but his ambitions went largely unrequited.
By 1906, he was harboring intense feelings of bitterness and hatred.
This is when Bob Dobbs usually hires writers, dear friend.
But months passed without Bob showing up or his being able to sell any of his work.
And he got suicidal and he wrote some novels that weren't any good.
And this was the surprising part.
Any of you who are Charles Fort fans,
little is known about the next few years because he destroyed his notes and writings.
We use the word, the word, the word.
We do know that he wrote a crank work called X,
which revolved around the idea that Mars invisibly controlled all life on Earth by means of rays.
Sort of as a light in a movie camera controls the images on film.
Rarely do you see projection taken quite so literally, it says here.
Fort followed this with another excessive work called Y,
the letter Y, around 1915.
It apparently involved a sinister civilization
at the South Pole from which Caspar Hauser,
the mysterious boy who showed up in Nuremberg in 1828, had hailed.
Fort supposedly says that Hauser was murdered
to prevent him from revealing the truth about Y land.
Well, yeah, he apparently burned, got rid of, burned those books because I think, you know,
the good Dr. Fort, who wasn't a doctor,
but a great subgenius certainly,
had sort of lost his mind, you know.
He'd gotten off into the total paranoia of it all.
And that is fun, you know, to dwell in the hate,
to dwell in the hate.
But you shouldn't, you shouldn't waste your hate
on individuals or nations, friends.
Your hate should be pure.
It should be an all-encompassing, like Bob's hate,
a hate that swallows up everything.
But at the same time, and if you do that,
if you follow in the path of Charles Fort, say,
or myself for that matter,
I rank myself up with these gods, cranks, crackpots.
In fact, I got a list just the other day,
a list of cranks and crackpots and visionaries,
and I was on there.
I guess, I guess it was because I'm a visionary.
Certainly they wouldn't put me on there as a crackpot.
But, oh, I can't find the list.
Gosh, I was on there with Lenny Bruce
and Joseph Smith, who invented the Mormons and so forth.
It's a set of trading cards,
crackpots, kooks, and visionaries.
And imagine the pride I felt
in seeing myself on that list right next to,
well, next to Lenny Bruce
and several other famous drug addicts and ranters.
Where is that little list?
It was such a great list of kooks.
I didn't even know who half of them were.
Oh, here it is.
Yeah, Terrence McKenna.
I'm going to be in the same trading card set, dear friends.
An ugly caricature of me drawn by Hal Robbins
will be in this set with Al Goldstein,
the editor of Screw magazine.
Brother Theodore, you've heard him on this show.
Were it not for his madness,
he would have gone insane long ago.
Mary Shelley, who wrote Frankenstein.
Dolly Dimples.
Lizzie Borden.
Forrest Ackerman, editor of
Famous Monsters of Filmland magazine.
Amy Semple McPherson.
Cicciolina, of the Italian stripper senator.
Captain Beefheart.
Spike Jones.
Busby Berkeley.
Raymond Scott.
Nikola Tesla.
Hmm.
Saint John the Divine.
I think that's the one that wrote Revelation.
Charlie Starkweather.
It's nice to be in that list.
John the Baptist and Charlie Starkweather,
they sit next to each other,
only on a list of crackpots, visionaries,
and subgeniuses.
And, of course,
Criswell.
Not the Dallas Criswell.
The late visionary Criswell.
I predict that an all-embracing world economic theory
that's also a general field theory of the universe
can be created
by graphing income from subgenius types
against gravitation of animals.
And, of course,

most important
is that
the
world's
most important
is that
the
world's
most important
is that
the
world's
most important is that
the world's most important is that
our
You're really hungry.
Well, you'd get 100 phylos of slack from that first hamburger,
but from the second hamburger you might only get 75 or 50 phylos.
By the third hamburger, it'd be only down to 25,
and eventually it would be negative satisfaction.
The fourth hamburger would be stangs of pain rather than phylos of slack.
So it's like in the supply-side theory in economics.
The more labor you throw at it,
eventually you'll reach a point where there's diminishing returns.
So you must find an equilibrium, and that's what we're trying to do here,
an equilibrium between our incipient paranoia
and the fact that there really is a conspiracy of normals.
I mean, that part of the conspiracy is definitely real.
I mean, even a normal could probably admit that,
but yet they wouldn't feel it like we do.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yes.
And there really is a secret government of basically the same families
that made so much money off of weapons way back in the Civil War.
Isn't America beautiful?
And they're still running things today.
Doesn't matter who you vote for.
You know, if Perot got in, they'd have to kill him.
They wouldn't do it like Kennedy style.
They'd do it, they'd use the cancer thing,
the heart attack medicine.
You know, they've got all that stuff.
They'd have him out of there.
He'd be on a machine within three months, and he'd be dead.
And one of their boys would be back in there.
At least with George Bush, you know it's one of their boys.
He's been there from the beginning.
Ah, yes.
And it's time to go now to side two of your subgenius radio ministry,
our Slack show, for more speculation.
And meanderings by your good, good, good friend and prayer partner,
Reverend Ivan Stang.
Ah, yes.
Ah, yeah, okay.
Yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes, the church.
Of the subgenius back.
Back again.
Well, it's too relaxing.
Let's go over to the subgenius show in Berkeley
and see if they're being clever right now.
I don't even know because I haven't heard this tape yet myself.
That's true.
That's true.
Not where little children will find them.
Yeah, don't let the kids find them.
Where little children can read specially crafted children's stories.
Guaranteed to warp and twist their mind in pleasantly unusual ways.
Oh, lordy, lord, lord.
Let's ignore that.
We like to twist minds.
The flies!
Get them off me! Get them off me!
Baby, quit spreading that honey all over your face.
No chemicals, no pesticides, no electricity.
The Fly Eater, world's best fly trap.
Works continuously day or night, outdoors or indoors.
Shovel away buckets, gallons of flies, lures flies inside and they cannot escape.
Works automatically 24 hours a day.
Cleanest and most effective fly trap you've ever seen or your money back.
Plastic lid, fits standard size, fruit jar, mayonnaise, pickle jar.
Yeah, the show stinks all right, but at least it keeps the flies off this watermelon.
...flowers of flies and storm leading in hours of fun watching us explode.
No electric bill.
No competition.
Well, that doesn't sound like a very good California show.
Let's try another one here.
They're just fiddling with flies there.
Let's try this show.
...lead of smooth, finished metal.
Uh-oh.
At their feet, the ledge dropped away into a chasm so deep they could not see the bottom.
Beyond was only a glare so bright that their eyes could not stand to look into it.
The King's Soul.
Broadcasting live from Bob's Country Bunker in Weott, California.
I'm brought to you by the worldwide radio outreach ministries of the Church of the Subgenius
and the supporters of KHSU.
And KHSU.
What?
...flashing a message.
Bob?
Oh, we've heard all this stuff before.
Unfortunately, you're listening to what I normally do before the shows.
Normally, I go through the text.

I go through the tapes before the show and listen to them to see if they're any good.
That's why the show is often so good.
Sorry about this one.
What?
...and say to your genitals, in your mind, relax.
...baby, baby.
Baby, baby.
Baby, baby.
Baby, baby.
Baby, baby.
Three, two, and one.
...and one, one, one.
Two, two, and one.









Superior Mutants, repent.
Quit your job.
Slack off.
Yeah, you've heard that one before, too.
The world ends tomorrow.
And you...
Oh my god!
That's good enough to...
I can't, can you believe those...
Well, no problem.
Everybody's heard that old subgenius saw a million times.
Okay, okay, why am I even bothering trying to queue up tapes?
while doing the show.
Man, it's not that I don't value the time on the air.
It's really not that.
It's simply that we've been so damnably busy, you know?
Too much emergentile and not enough rewardian.
And, you know, for the rewardian type of subgenius,
he only has to know that he can accomplish something,
and that alone is enough.
It's better than achieving it, than actually doing it.
But depending on the balance of emergentile that that rewardian might have in him,
you're not just all rewardian or all emergentile.
Well, Bob may be all rewardian,
but nobody could survive being all rewardian.
But depending on the balance of how much emergentile a person might have in him,
the amount of phylos that he accrues by procrastinating
could be offset by the number of stangs he suffers
through guilt or punishment.
It's the dynamic tension between guilt and blow-off
which marks the true life of the subgenius
as opposed to the false life of the pinks.
The pinks.
I love to say that word in the most demeaning and derogatory way.
The pinks.
You know, and that's not even derogatory enough, dear friends.
I'm trying to get out of the habit of calling the normals, the mediocritans,
those...
you know, those things
the pinks
or the pink boys.
For one thing, people get the wrong idea lately.
They've been...
In England, particularly, they were going,
man, people think you're talking about gays.
Or they thought, they'll think you're talking about commies.
You know, like Pinko.
Pink boy as if pink.
And it's a no, no, no, no, no.
We are talking about the pinkness of the...
their spirit, dear friends.
A lackluster...
just sad, sad, pathetic...
The pink.
That is a much more derogatory way to say it.
From now on, I think we're going to try to say...
We'll refer to the faults of the pink...
as him.
Instead of saying what's wrong with them,
we'll say what's wrong with him.
The pink.
He is...
The pink is a...
but a...
well...
he is...
he is but a but
of the great joke of the conspiracy
which he, the pink himself,
has put in place there to lord it over him.
It's the natural inferiority of the pink, man.
There's going to be a chapter in the new book called
Man and the Subgenius.
So people get...
know that there's a difference.
The first time Dr. Philo Drummond and I...
were ever on a radio talk show of any kind.
It was the first time we were ever on the radio.
It was Mr. Opinion's show on KFJZ way back when.
I remember it must have been like down to 1980.
And Mr. Opinion was a guest host.
The regular host never would have had us on.
But we talked about our religion, Bob's new religion,
and the message of slack,
how people weren't getting enough of it.
And this old...
Caesar called up and said,
well, this is just the sickest...
This is terrible.
I'm not ever going to listen to KFJZ no more.
He goes,
he goes, this is just the sickest thing.
And the host, Mr. Opinion,
said,
what, sir, you don't think people should start their own religions?
And the man said, and I quote,
oh, people, yeah, people, sure.
But this,
this is the sickest, sickest, sickest thing I've ever seen on KFJZ.
And at least he caught on, dear friends,
on what we were saying,
that we were saying we're not people.
We consider people to be a disposable commodity,
whereas we are a non-disposable life form.
That's all it is.
It's as simple as that.
And for that matter,
I mean to get on to something with you folks now.
Subgeniuses, it says right here in Book of the Subgenius,
you subgeniuses should be...
fruitful, fruitful and multiply instead of wimping out.
Oh, I wouldn't be a fit parent.
I'm from a dysfunctional family.
I don't want to bring a child into this awful world.
Oh, there's overpopulation.
Subgeniuses that say that are proven they don't have the true Yeti blood.
It's been tainted somehow and they probably shouldn't have kids,
but not for the reasons they're thinking.
They shouldn't have kids because they've been tainted by the human, by the pink.
And they lack the instinct.
That's where they're not subgenius.
They lack instinct.
At least they're subgenius enough to recognize that their genes are not fit for the master race.
The race that comes...
that is the master race because it comes in all sexes, all colors, all races and creeds.
And these people have sullied, you know.
Well, at least they've declined from providing their watered-down genetics.
So, what are they?
They're just a stock of genetic stock to the future of the subgenius race.
For the mark of the subgenius is its vitality.
Its vitality and its urge to procreate.
Because the instincts run more pure in the subgenius.
They're maybe closer to the animal,
but they're more beneficial in the long run to the subgenius species.
You see, it's not this cold bloodless intellectual thing.
That's why we can't help being politically incorrect.
I mean, I'm sorry, we can't stop and intellectually moralize over what we're doing.
Because, dear friends, here in this church,
we like to follow our glands instead of the man in blue.
Get my meaning?
You know, this is a great song, but this isn't the one I was gonna play.
What a shame. That would have been such a dramatic, uh...
That would have been such a dramatic little segue.
It would have meant, been almost like I meant to do it, but...
Like I say.
It's the vitality, dear friends. It's the urge.
That makes you a subgenius, so...
I'm sorry.


Don't, don't, um, don't ignore that, okay?
I can make you go snap, snap, snap.
Lovin' can be an act.
I can make you go crack, crack, crack.
Lovin' can be an act.
I can eat up your treats like this.
Gonna feel healthy, gonna feel fine.
One metachronism's by my mind.
Don't worry about me, there's plenty of time.
There's plenty of time for everything.
Gotta feel healthy, gotta feel fine.
Got metachronism's by my mind.
Hopefully everything.
Ch strategy.
It's just fine, it's fine forever.
Don't steal my food, don't steal my food.
Look here, here...

Only topic is the subject of the interview.


Well, that's all well and good.
That's, um, what is that, KMFDM.
But, and I just, I realized I wanted to spend this last 15 minutes sharing with you the mail.
See, this is another thing I normally don't do on the show is answer, read the mail.
But I happen to open, we do occasionally get stuff sent to the station rather than the subgenius post office box,
which number I will give in a little while.
So have that pencil ready.
Um, but we did get, oh, this is good, good Bible music.
We'll put Bible music behind this.
Is this, we got a piece here.
Bob, maybe I shouldn't give the real name of this dear listener in the colony, Texas.
The colony, an hour of slack fan.
Oh, oh, that's who sent it.
Reverend Dave.
Let's call him Reverend Dave.
I recognize the name from the pledge list.
You know, you're the only listeners that mean a damn.
Thing to us.
You know that the ones that pledge and that send us nice things.
And this is from the Denton County association for rational morality.
And I think I should give you the, their address later at the end of this too.
And this little pamphlet is titled.
The Bible is a horrible book to use as a moral foundation.
I just got to looking through this.
Some of our well-intentioned neighbors are trying to impose.
Fundamentalist biblical morality into our schools, libraries, and governments.
Some of our well-intentioned neighbors.
Yeah.
Most of them, unfortunately.
Most of them seem to go along with the religious.
That's what.
Why must you Republicans kowtow to the religious nuts?
That just don't.
God, that just makes me sick.
You'd think.
You'd think that Republicans would.
You know.
I mean, they're heartless rationalists that they're supposed to be, right?
Oh, God.
Well, anyway.
As it says here.
Well, this guy just pointed out certain.
Because the Bible, you know, is to be taken literally.
It is all literally true.
And as such, in Deuteronomy 22, 12, it says you must sew tassels on your clothes.
You must tassels friends.
Maybe get that needle and thread ready.
Women are not to wear men's clothing.
Okay.
No paint.
I don't want to see no more subgenius women wearing paint.
Eunuchs cannot go to church.
And as Pope Bob Wilson has pointed out so many times, you cannot be a priest unless
you have a willy.
Only a person who possesses a willy can be a priest in the Catholic Church.
Because in the Catholic Church, women are not human.
In fact, most hardcore Christians don't believe women are fully human.
They cannot have short hair.
Men cannot have long hair.
Man, I am just really going to be in a lot of trouble here.
Wet dreams are a sin.
Bastards and his descendants are not to go to church.
What a loving.
And this is the word of the Lord, friends.
This is transcribed exactly by old men of great integrity, I'm sure.
Oh, that was Corinthian.
1 Corinthians 11, 15.
Women cannot have short hair.
Men must not wear hats while praying or prophesying.
Well, I'm okay there, because I don't pray, and I never wear a hat when I prophesy.
You know why I don't pray?
Because I figure that the, well, number one, nobody's listening.
But on the other hand, you know, what is listening?
I don't want to attract its attention.
It's bad enough already, man.
Anyway.

Let's go to Leviticus 19, 19.
For all I know, this might be Leviathan 19, 19.
Leviticus 19, 19.
Must not crossbreed farm animals.
Don't crossbreed farm animals.
And don't crossbreed.
It doesn't say anything about crossbreeding with farm animals.
And do not wear clothes made with mixed fabrics.
Hear that, Pope S. Cecilia?
You've been making subgenius shirts that are 50-50.
50% polyester, 50% cotton.
It's non-biblical.
Women are not to braid their hair or wear any jewelry.
Now, what does Tammy Faye Baker have to say about that, hmm?
You must not trim your sideburns or beard.
Okay, I'm in trouble on that one.
You must not eat rabbit, ham, bacon, oysters, clams, or shrimp.
I guess he ain't going to be at that rabbit supper with us, is he?
That's Leviticus.
Leviticus 14, 35.
Alert the priest if mildew forms in your house.
Leviticus 19, 13.
You must pay your employees at the end of every work shift.
Oh, no, I wish Will hadn't heard that one.
Leviticus 19, 26.
Must not eat rare steak.
My daughter's going to go to hell for eating that rare steak.
Tattoos are a sin.
Couples having sex during the menstrual flow are to be exiled.
Exiled, dear friends.
My red wings for the first time.
Okay, real estate.
That was sold reverts back to its original owner every 50 years.
But the original owner's dead after 50 years.
And if biblical moralists don't...
How great thou art, dear friends.
If biblical moralists don't follow the Bible, okay?
Why the volume control on this?
You know, they tell us not to refer...
When you're doing a radio show, the rules are done.
Don't criticize the station equipment.
Don't gripe about the microphones falling apart.
Don't be unprofessional.
Unless you really are so professional, then you can do it.
Sort of like Picasso, you know?
He had to learn how to draw first before he could break all the rules.
That's what they always say.
Personally, I wonder if he ever learned how to draw.
But I'm not qualified to critique modern art.
I guess I'm just missing something.
I guess I'm just missing something.
It must have gone by me.
Must have gone right by me.
Okay, let's see.
Back on the biblical thing here.
I love the Bible.
Samuel 13.
A tale...
Oh, these are just bits in the Bible.
Tales of rape and revenge.
Let's see.
Extramarital intercourse can be resolved by paying the woman's father 50 silver shekels.
That's no problem, except they don't make shekels anymore.
A barren wife can offer her handmaid...
...to bear a child.
See, they were ahead of their time back then as surrogate wives and things.
Um...
David cut the foreskins off of 200 dead Philistines and used them to buy a wife.
See, a woman is worth 200 foreskins.
There's a section in the Bible called the Hill of Foreskins.
Abraham pimped his wife to Pharaoh.
A childless widow's brother-in-law is required to marry and impregnate her.
That's Deuteronomy.
Genesis.
Abraham's wife was actually his sister.
Lot offers his daughter in an attempt to appease his neighbor's lusts in Genesis 19.48.
Well, that's...
He couldn't help it, though, because they were going to kill everybody if he didn't.
But, I mean, really, can you imagine that?
In Judges, an old man offers his daughter and visitor's wife to appease his neighbor's lusts.
In Samuel, homosexual love passing the love of women happens between David and Jonathan.
Tsk, tsk, tsk.
And I thought that they all were clean hetero guys like that blonde, blue-eyed Jesus picture, you know?
According to Exodus,
fathers may sell their daughters into slavery.
You hear that, Sivit?
Um...
Oh, here's how to test a woman for adultery.
Okay?
According to Numbers,
if a woman gets sick after being forced to drink floor sweepings,
then she is guilty.
Women cannot be teachers,
cannot have any authority over men.
See, my wife's out of a job.
Uh,
you can take and dispose of captured women as wives.
Uh,
women who do not bleed on their wedding night can be put to death.
They don't have to be put to death, but you can kill her if she, if it doesn't hurt her.
In other words, if she doesn't scream, you can kill her.
No one will gainsay you if they're a true believer in the word of God as written in the Bible.
That's all I'm saying here, friends.
If you're gonna...
Well, really, I shouldn't be doing that.
I mean, it's not like I'm...
There's not any believers listening, probably, anyway.
And if they are, they're just, you know, nasty, just hate...
Just waiting to catch us doing something.
It's sort of...
I guess it's sort of like the reason that I enjoy listening to preachers.
On the radio, for real Christians, I'll listen to that stuff.
I just...
I'm...
It's like the most entertaining thing in the world.
You sit there, and it's just so enjoyable to listen to them and think to yourself,
some people are dumb enough to believe this guy.
He probably doesn't.
And I'm sure that there are people listening now who are like going,
I just enjoy listening to this guy dig himself deeper and deeper into hell.
Well, you're gonna have the last laugh.
But what if there's no hell, man?
Your whole life's been based on a fairy tale.
All those things you could have done but didn't do.
You're gonna wake up, up to your neck, in false religion, friend.
False slack, false jobs, and false sex.
And you're gonna go, I could have had slack.
And I'm so old, I'm about to die.
I blew it.
I'm a dumbass.
That's what you're gonna do.
And I'm gonna agree with you.
It's a great thing.
It's a beautiful thing.
And you can write for more information on how stupid everybody else is,
and how clever and wonderful we are.
See, this is the way all religions work.
Understand, we're getting to the meat of it.
The sense of delusion of grace.
The grandeur of persecution.
The paranoia.
And the Bible.
Dear friends, you got it all right there.
Write to Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
I'm gonna give that number again.
How many times have I said this?
Post Office Box 140306, in Dallas, Texas.
Zip code 75214.
And that's the number to write for free information about the Church of the Subgenius.
Amen.
But, by the same token,
I'm gonna give off the address for the Denton County Association for Rational Morality.
And you can get this little booklet I've been reading from
that explains all the things that you can be killed for.
According to the Bible.
That number is Post Office Box 560834, The Colony, Texas.
75056.
75056.
The death penalty is, according to Exodus, mostly,
you can be killed for striking one of your parents,
for stealing a slave,
for cursing one of your parents,
for being a rebellious son,
for being a homosexual,
for adultery,
for witchcraft,
and I'm not sure how they define that, dear friends,
for following other religions,
aside from the one that this was written for.
By the way, this is Judaism, not Christianity, originally.
So, are you...
Man, I just don't see how people can...
And blasphemy, that's the other thing.
Oh my gosh, blasphemy.
That's the only sin I've ever done.
And they'll probably kill me for it.
And I've done plenty of that.
I dare God to strike me dead right now.
I shouldn't do that.
Now, people have...
A preacher once did that and died.
Lightning struck the guy.
But, some...
And the tape's running.
This is the perfect time, man.
Go ahead.
If all my...
Lord, Lord, strike me dead if you're offended by anything I've said
about you, to you, or whatever.
Uh-oh.
The little light flashed.
But that just means the next show is here.
Well, it's been a different kind of a show tonight.
Not much background.
Same old background music, if any.
No tapes queued up.
Tried to queue them up while the show was on.
But they just...
I don't know.
But I have these three clippings in front of me.
It's the last two minutes here.
I want to get this out.
Now, it says here...
This is all from the Dallas Morning News, by the way.
This is not from some kooky thing.
But according to the newspaper, um...
Bush wants more CIA data on the nation's economic policies.
They don't want the budget chopped in peacetime.
Did I talk about this last time?
But...
When you read between the lines on these news things, it's so wonderful.
Well, the Russians aren't around to do battle with, so how are they going to...
Did I do the talk about this?
Did Dr. Gordon and I...
Mr. Gates did not elaborate, but Russia, China, France, and Japan, those bad guys, cheaters, not like us,
they are among those suspected of attempted economic espionage.
And that's what the CIA is going to do, is strictly work on economic espionage.
Now, they're not going to work for American companies against their foreign competitors.
Oh, no, no, no, no, never, never.
But the role of U.S. business, plainly put, is to size up foreign competitors' trade secrets,
marketing strategies, and bid proposals.
Now, of course, they wouldn't sell these to American companies,
the CIA wouldn't, if they found out.
Why would they want to know this stuff, then?
You know, and the second one here, Schultz and Weinberger are being queried about the Iran-Contra thing
and the October surprise, when they may, may, possibly, nobody's going to say for sure, you know,
but possibly, maybe, those hostages were kept the extra day or so,
so that...
Reagan could be elected, Carter would look bad, you know,
I mean, it was just another few weeks for the hostages, and my gosh, you know, all of that.
But, this is the punchline.
This, the third clipping.
Bush tops Clinton in poll on trust.
President Bush is considered trustworthy, most or all of the time, by nearly half of Americans surveyed.
Because he ran the dirty tricks department of the CIA for all those years, and has, I mean,
all of his best buddies have been at least dirtied pretty bad.
But, no, no, they, but President Bush is a, he wouldn't go running around on his wife like Clinton might have.
Oh, jeez, you know, so, overall, 49% thought that Mr. Bush has done a good job of maintaining honesty
and integrity in his administration, whereas Mr. Clinton got caught in the backseat or someplace,
with this little chippy, and, well, I'd much rather have somebody who knows all the guys that killed Kennedy
and got away with it as leading my country than somebody who can't even get away with, you know, a quickie and,
oh, friends, what?
It's sort of like that world where heroin is legal on every street corner, but coffee,
it'll put you in jail for 50 years for having a cup.
Praise Bob.
There's plenty of time for everything.
I'm gonna feel healthy, gonna feel fine.
I'm gonna love the time you're in for, it's my, my, my, love it, love it, love it, love it.
Don't worry about me, there's plenty of time.
There's plenty of time for everything.
I'm gonna feel so well.
I'm gonna feel so well.
