And now, I guess, we'll just go on with more of it.
Gosh!
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
Take a deep breath.
Can you remember?
Ah, yeah.
He sings like that.
Heels are that tight.
All right.
A boulder.
The talk shows.
...as it is with any group.
Ah, okay.
Thank you very much.
We call that the bulletproof stage of...
Well, what can you tell us about the philosophies of Bulldada?
Bulldada is what ties one subgenius to another.
Bulldada is what generates your...
Not you, Doug.
Not you, Iver.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...



...


...
God, I almost didn't have 40 tanks going on at once.
But now we do and it's okay.
That one's on pause.
I'm on pause.
You're on pause.
Aren't we all?
It's so nice to be on pause.
Well, it's chaos night again, I suppose, on the Church of the Subgenius Hour of Slack.
But yet, we have some tapes from the New York Subgenius Revival to be played
of the dispensation of the blood and flesh of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
We have some soundtracks from the Arise Subgenius video, Arise,
which, when you arise, you will fully recognize.
You know, thank God for America, where we can get away with sowing this evil seed.
We've also got Puzzling Evidence coming up with his FlexiDisc solo edit
for the FlexiDisc that came out as a promo thing for the Book of the Subgenius.
EP4, that's a band, EP4.
Bands these days, man, they sound like phone numbers.
From Japan, thanks to Byron Werner.
And most of the show tonight actually will be from Media Barrage number 12.
The old-timey stuff, the old subgenius stuff, where, you know,
well, people say, Hour of Slack, I'll tune in.
I heard that was a comedy.
Comedy show.
Well, in this show, instead of playing a whole Monty Python album
or a Fireside Theater album, we're going to play a whole subgenius album.
And it's one I was surprised to find and realized that I hadn't played
in, like, four years on the air.
So I'm going to play it because I get all the royalties
from the American Medical Association.
And also because there's this new book out,
in a couple of weeks, Three-Fisted Tales of Bob.
So it's all the more important that we play the old-timey tapes
to make you prepared for that thing.
Those old, sad tapes, the old-timey, the good, basic, rock-bottom,
sandy beach of hypocrisy subgenius tapes,
so that you might recall your own past in a subgenius.
The rest of it is definitely for nothing.
Bob Capricciarni, where tutti you live.
Oh, no you don't, Bob.

Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Come on, Bob!
I say 真的
No!
...no matter how we talk!
Every day
people find
it huge.
It's huge.
I didn't know the prize was this.
No, I didn't either.
I didn't know the prize was this.
This.
And you know the paper we had to sign?
Yeah, I didn't read the blank for it.
I think they're getting a little strange in their prizes that they give.
We did it.
We did it.
Yeah, I sold a lot too.
But I thought it would be a trip.
A trip to Bermuda.
Or maybe to Aruba.
Or Paris.
Or the Virgin Islands.
I'd like to go there.
This isn't exactly what I had in mind.
It isn't.
Do you think we're in position now what we can call?
No, not yet.
Well, I said we could call later.
I have to get beyond the atmosphere.
I'm not sure if I can get the number.
I'll see if I can get the number.
It'll be busy.
Oh, no.
Is it next time?
Busy?
Yeah, busy.
This is ridiculous.
How can she be busy at a time like this?
Listen, women have other things to do.
Darling.
Come on, now, calm down.
Darling.
Oh, come on.
Here, take this.
Come on.
Here's a glass.
Take this.
Here you go.
Here you go.




Go ahead, take it.
You'll feel better.
Take it.
It's silly.
Take them now.
I lost control.
Yeah, I know you did.
Do you want to go see?
Yeah, here you are.
Take it.
Whatever.
There was still a white one.
Take it.
Look at this little water.
Yeah, here you are.
Oh, calm down.
Calm down.
I don't want to look out of the porthole.
Oh, you look out of the porthole.
See that?
Look.
I don't care what you see.
No kidding.
It's what we've always wanted.
Look.
What do you mean?
Look.
You're kidding.
No.
You're not.
No.
You're not kidding?
No, I'm not kidding.
The mortarball bleeds unceasingly.
Horrible but true.
He's, though he is dead, yet his corpse still bleeds.
See you later, Bob.
See you later.







He's so thrilled with the blood of Bob.
So in the throes, so deep in the throes of rapture.
He'll have to be dragged out of here feet first.
A female egg.
Glory.
What kind of devil's are you?
The baptism in the blood of Bob.
Wait four hours and you won't believe what you're seeing.
Will it be the contaminated Kool-Aid or will it be the placebo?
One lucky bottle.
One lucky bottle.
One lucky bottle.
Has the.
Extra ingredient.
Have a funcipula.
That's for Bob to know and the rest of us to find out, I'm afraid.
It's locked in the prescriptures and we're still trying to translate them.
Fortunately, the damage is much, much greater than I.
So we want to be a doctor for Bob.
Dodge his drink of his blood, eat of his flesh and win the stuffed Garfield.
Now, when a Snoopy impressed the little lady and win her a Snoopy by withstanding the onslaught of the blood of Bob as it rushes through your system, wreaking havoc on your brain cells, liver and heart.
But what does that kill you makes you stronger.
Step right up.
The blood of Bob is flowing freely.
Even years after his death.
His hideous death.
Available.
For.
To be shown on your home TV with a rise.
The subgenius video.
You won't believe your eyes.
Alarmed Santa Fe parents met again with elementary school officials last night to discuss the growing presence of Bob in the schools.
Bob, the deity of the Dallas based Church of the subgenius, is a comic book character who communicates with aliens and worships money.
Parents and teachers.
Complain that the Bob stickers and pamphlets which have turned up in school laboratories with increasing frequency encourage troublemakers and weird behavior.
It's not healthy for the children.
I'm convinced of this.
There has been a pamphlet going around a Bob pamphlet that I have looked at and it's the least well adjusted.
Children really pick up.
It tells them that if they are uncomfortable with their class.
It is because they are better than their classmates.
Can you imagine this?
Better.
Not smarter mind you, but better.
Wise up!
They're out to get you.
The difference between us is caused by a global conspiracy.
Weird men arise!
Find out who they are and how to smash them.
You probably already knew that the US government is a sham.
Something propped up there for you to blame.
But did you know that the real powers that be are not even people?
That they are actually shambling?
Unbelievable, unmentionable, unthinkable things?
Yes.
Jehovah is an alien and still threatens this planet.
Defy the sinister star forces which mock us all.
Evil demons have kept the truth from humanity for thousands of years.
God has been misquoted all this time.
His actual words may disturb you, but Bob Dodds.
This is a bulwark against the unbearable fear and anxiety tormenting mankind.
Repent.
Quit your job.
Slack off.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Now the crowd's starting to get upset.
People are running back and forth.
They're really scared.
Oh, they're traveling alone.
Pick it up.
No!
No!
Is he waiting there for me?
The eternal pipe has been lit.
The eternal pipe lighter.
It's difficult.
Many of the suits that the crowd wears for protection will melt it.
At least decide to use the clean shirt.
Most of these people probably won't live to see the end of this tape.
The End
The End
The End


A 10 year cycle will end in 1998.
Bob sees the world entering a new aeon.
Which in a few years, will bring more wondrous and miraculous change.
And carnage, insanity and destruction than all of mankind's history and pre-history before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic change that will offer untold riches and power to those in the know,
While billions will look for a way out.
of deserving conspiracy dupes fry in hell on earth.
Uncontrolled thinking, controlled by Bob,
will usher in a spiritual rebirth
and a cascade of astounding mysteries,
supernatural riches, and a restoration
of lost psychic abilities that will totally transform
the lives of those who dare to seek them and pay for them.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob is here for one reason and one reason only.
That's to bring slack to the slackest.
Jesus had it bad.
Wait until you see what they're gonna do to you, my friend.
Bob.
Bob.
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to your children?
What's gonna happen to you when it's the society we created?
When it's the society we created?
Air conditioning.
The society of air conditioning.
Station wagons with wooden sides.
Station wagons with wooden sides.
Cautious indeed.
A retired actor.



A retired actor.
Orange hail.
Orange hail.
Orange hail.
What happens when that collapses?
What happens when your diary was a damn well?
What happens when your diary was a damn well?
That's when the man from Planet X-9.
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius church.
I'm down to save the members of the subgenius church.
The church of the subgenius.
It's no name.
It can be me or me or a boy or a girl or a fair.
The church of the subgenius.
You're not allowed out.
For many of us, there is no physical escape
from their clutches or any hope of it until the exes come
and the followers of Yahweh one prevail.
But until that day, the power and wisdom of Bob
can help us break their mind control
by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
If you have a problem with your cash flow,
it's because your cash is not flowing towards Bob.
So the pinks in the valley of the golf green
shall fall upon their checkbooks and mate with them
to produce monsters and devils and signs and portents.
And to you, if you will send a dollar.
If you send a dollar.
Or more.
Or more.
He has to protect you.
Jehovah One says Bob will protect you.
Odin has been resurrected in conjunction with the doctors
of Bob.
These gods are false.
Bob said he was going to come down.
Bob came down.
I say amen.
And Bob has come to us to make sure the end of the world
happens properly.
Actually, Bob just uses me as an instrument of death.
Bob kills.
He's really good.
You should hand him the radio, man.
I'm down there.
OK.
OK.
You say it can't be true.
Run that by me again.
I don't, what do you mean?
Oh Bob.
Oh Bob.
Oh Bob.
Give me food.
Give me money.
Give me food.
Give me everything.
Bob.
Actually, the church of the subgenius world,
the real church, will have gone underground.
Put your hands.
Put your hands on the radio.
Because we're so good at developing
our abnormality potential.
at least people who've been not necessarily with the church,
but who have just somewhere along the line realized,
whether they call themselves subgeniuses or not,
there's a hell of a lot of people around who do exercise their abnormality potential,
which is the only way to stay free of the conspiracy programming that's just constantly on you.
You will pay to know what you really think.
I was sitting in the restaurant talking about Bob,
and all of a sudden when Bob came in, we just suddenly realized it was Bob.
It's us versus them.
The power of the stark fist.
We all want to avoid the stark fist of removal.
For this reason, queer dream, not collegiate.
This religion lying around in your house unattended.
And we suggest that you follow it as far as it will go, no matter where it takes you.
Unless you want a decimated world, you'll be plunging into survivalist insanity.
This is your last chance. This may be your only hope.
So sure, it's the new age. It's a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic chaos.
A time of economic change that will offer untold riches and power to those in the know,
which means those who send us money and subscribe to the magazines.
Shut up, pink boy.
Well, uh, after I do that, what are you gonna do for me?
Slack.
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere.
Crowd's shooting. Back.
What is waiting there for me?
I'm gonna go get some rifles.
It's total chaos.
Yes.
This is Dr. Bob, the owner of a telly to you.
Good. Have fun. Be cool.
And don't ever usurp the word Bob.
May the stark fist of removal spare you for one more day.
You don't wanna get killed, you better get Bob the Brown right now!
I was just learning from some jokester.

Are you sure you want to play me?
Why not?
I意思-

You should haveочкуzatof.
I wouldma liked you to.



I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Bob?
The message is now part of
in redships,
registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
You can smoke your rug if you want to.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage to the moon.
Stop right there.
Intensifying our prospects' desires, that's when the wheels of action begin to move.
Sorry for jumping in, doctors. Go on.
Dr. Dobbs is known worldwide as a foremost spokesman for Christian and family values.
He plans to attend this rare personal appearance of Dr. Dobbs, just his second in the past four years.
Well, do you have your tickets yet?
Even if you never intend to write your name again,
one sure way to impress folks is to stay a little bit over their heads.
Because it was better than looking stupid.
This fear of looking less than brilliant is a major communication simple familiar incidence.
If we put these three elements under the microscope,
we can't help but sharpen the focus on our communication efforts.
It's natural that we follow the circle around and around and around,
helping to create a nice round world of confusion and misunderstanding.
Resist the temptation to feed your ego.
Have you seen our chateau?
You'll find it on the bureau.
So many demands.
Everyone grabbing for a part of me.
And now these new voices,
encouraging me to spend time developing my own talents.
How can I possibly please them all?
And here we get to something very important in the Church of the Subgenius.
And that is, all of you that have been raised here,
whether you're Buddhist or Mohammed or Jewish or Christian,
you've been taught that your leader, your God, your Savior, your Messiah,
is a man worth everything.
You've been regulated.
Bob!
Bob is not a man to copy.
As Bob says, I don't practice what I preach,
because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
Bob also says, I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
You see, Bob, you see children,
one of the most important rules of the Church of the Subgenius
is that the church lets you pull the wool over your own eyes.
Now, children, when you pull the wool over your own eyes,
it's not like a church is doing it.
Why, the great churches want you to pull the wool over your own eyes
and keep it there.
We want you to pull the wool over your own eyes
and relax in the safety of your own delusions.
And after a while, children,
you're going to get sick of those delusions
and you're going to start thinking for yourself.
Hey, Bob! Hey, Bob!
That's what Bob wants you to do.
Well, we take our initiates
and we string a little tendon between their heels
and drag them three times around the radio station before beginning.
Then we dip them in the sacred water of the sludge.
And what exactly does this do for them?
Well, it causes them to forget everything they've learned
and it prepares their mind for the slate-like impression,
the imprinting of the true subgenius.
What is the law?
Not to endlessly intone the law.
That is the law.
Are we not men?
What is the law?
Not to endlessly intone the law.
That is the law.
Are we not men?
What is the law?
Not to endlessly intone the law.
That is the law.
Are we not men?
It may be that some of you here
are indeed yourselves human.
In fact,
In fact, most of you here are probably pink human beings.
It's possible.
And that's why we're here.
Soon it happens.
In an order like this we may have guidelines, but you must remember not to be literal-minded.
No subgenius follows any two rules exactly.
You must also remember that anything any subgenius says at any time is sacred dogma automatically.
And now the rules of the Church of the Subgenius.
The first rule of the Church of the Subgenius is the subgenius must have?
What must he have?
What must he have?
What must the subgenius have?
Dog, what must he have?
He must have slack.
Help me out here, dog.
The second rule of the Church of the Subgenius is too much is always better than not enough.
Can I get a too much?
Can I get another too much?
Can I get another too much?
Too much is better than not enough.
Oh, but too many of those, children, it's always better than not enough.
The third rule of the Church of the Subgenius is a rule violated every day, every way you go.
People say to me, who is a conspiracy?
Look and see who violates this rule and you will know them by their actions.
The third rule of the Church of the Subgenius is if you don't have a sense of humor, don't try to be funny.
Don't try to be funny.
The fourth rule of the Church of the Subgenius, thank you, Buck, and one of the most important rules that supersedes all other rules is?
If they can't take a joke!
If they can't take a joke!
You must draw your own conclusions.
You've got to believe me.
I'm here to help you.
You've got to believe me.
You've got to believe me.
Help me escape.
Help me escape.

You've got to believe me.
You've got to believe me.
You've got to believe me.
Keep listening to those letters backwards.
Don't play with that word.
Only listen backwards.
It gets a lot of...
Ita hinam kumkif tihad,
Ri'ah'ul i'lein anv'zin,
Kut'izamah lasolach nam itan...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
I have received a full range of messages from your spiritual source.
You could have been the most gorgeous creature in the whole world.
If you come near anyone in my family, I have to kill you.
I'm sorry.
You are...
At the present time, you are just covered with filth and you will hurt my family.
And I have no choice but to retaliate, you know?
And I have superior powers to anything that you are aware of.
And I must tell you right now, I have no toleration for evil.
I will destroy it when I meet it.
And this way we're fair and square.
I understand that you loved Bob.
And that maybe you and Bob are...
Somehow...
Uh...
Help each other in a good way.
I don't know.
You will not attack people.
You will not turn them into frogs.
If you stay in the United States, you will be destroyed.
One way or another.
It's a waste of your time to remain in the United States.
Forget about it.
That is my advice to you.
Take it or leave it.
And stop harassing me.
I want to kill her.
Obviously you don't want to.
I want to kill you, Connie.
I want to kill you.
I'm so tired.
Get your hands off me.
How can we tell whether our friends are ready to walk the path of Dobbs?
Surely just not by the t-shirts they wear or the pipes in their mouths.
Acubating.
You know, tonight I thought we might talk about love and hate.
Ah, yea, verily the pastor speaks the holy word.
And I thought tonight we might discuss that much known but little observed phenomenon, unrequited hate.
Yes?
Yes, as it is known in the church.
Think of how many times you've been in love.
Think of how unpleasant you felt.
You're dragged out.
You're depressed.
You're uncertain.
You're stomach hurt.
Now, don't trust that.
Hello?
Hi.
Hi.
Listen, I'm tuned into your station.
I'm just wondering what the hell's going on.
Well, us too.
So you help us out.
I am the Pope of New York, flown out here especially to preach the gospel of Bob and the church of the subgenius to you, young lady.
Do you have enough slack in your life?
Do I have a lot of slack?
What?
Do you have enough slack in your life?
Enough what?
Slack.
Slack.
Yes, the spazz, trisher, macho irony.
I am sure that on a car radio this probably sounds like vegetable soup.
Just put in here that half of the dolphin's sexual drive is released through the blowhole.
And the other half is released through the church of the subgenius.
Thank you for that testimonial.
Clean your own blowhole, would you please?
Yes.
We have a special brush here available for that church.
The brush and soap department of the church here.
Andy's using one of those brushes right now.
Yes, I can lay hands on you and drive the demons of Yucatan for a half-bottom brush.
I can drag you slack with the very touching of the tentacles of the Pope.
That's right.
Andy's using one of those brushes on Channel 5 right now.
Yes, it's tuned up in color.
And if you don't believe I can heal with my mere hands, just ask Andy about the hands of the Pope.
There's all around me.
And yet God asks that we worship him by...
Holy living.
Today?
Can he really mean that?
She thinks you can cure the world by kindness and rules.
But it's too small.
The Lord's prayer on a pinhead.
Some make rules, some obey, but the rules are for the fools is what I say.
Why do you suppose he did it?
I don't know.
But I'm beginning to suspect something so fantastic that I've got to find out about it.
Now I ask you.
I ask you, sir or lady.
Thank you.
What brand, what brand did Jesus smoke?
Now you didn't know that one either.
Did your preacher know that Jesus smoked Chesterfields?
Did you know that smoking was a sin unless it's Chesterfields?
Now Jesus, Jesus, Jesus smoked them.
Yet they did not exist 2,000 years ago.
We must accept this on faith.
There's no logical explanation for it.
There's no logical explanation for it.
You don't use your mind to think about your religion.
So you must ask, so you must ask yourself.
Do you have slack?
Do you have slack?
Now Bob teaches the full gospel of slack.
The uncut, X-rated version of slack.
You have your book of the subgenius.
Would you please turn to Pre-Scripture 715?
The question, the question posed is, how do you know you have slack?
How do you know?
How do you know your eternal check balance is ready to meet Bob?
Why?
Why?
Can I get a testimony?
I used to hang around in airports and I used to sell books.
And I'd stand on a street corner with flowers.
And I would do anything that my religion asked me to do.
But now I've got more sense.
Now I've got Bob Dobbs.
Dobbs has saved me.
He showed me slack.
Slack, being able to edit your own memory and cut your attention span down to just three little minutes.
You can program your life.
Just like that TV guy.
SLACK!
I want you to witness now his psychosomatic healing influence.
If you're listening to me now, if you hear my voice on the radio, I want you to feel the inner power of your own slack center.
I want you to stand up from where you're sitting now and come over to the radio where you hear my voice reaching out to you.
I want to heal your lifeless slack center brothers and sisters and make your brain whole again.
You can hear me now brothers and sisters.
I want you to come close to the radio.
I want you to lean over and put your head on the radio.
That's right brothers and sisters.
I want you to put your head on the radio and feel the healing power from my voice.
I want to reach out to your slack center.
I want you to feel every brain cell in your slack center awaken and rise up reborn in the glorious light of the subgenius personality reorder.
I'm calling out to you.
I'm calling out to those chosen few brain cells that can lead you out of the darkness and misery if you only put your head on the radio and feel the power of my words.
I command the forces of the conspiracy to be cast out and your slack center to rise up and issue forth righteous nerve impulses so ye shall receive slack without end and thy nervous system shall be as one with the almighty Bob.
If now you'll only put your head on the radio.
Get upside down.
Get off the radio.
All these God and karatjetoral dead couches
You've found a new and interesting way of earning extra income, right?
In fact, quite a bit of extra income, if that's your goal.
Even the chance for a whole new lifestyle.
Why not share it? It's certainly to your benefit
and to the benefit of those you sponsor.
Slack is dollar bills.
Slack is drugs. Slack is a warm home.
Slack is the car you drive.
Slack is the job you do for money.
Slack is that which the conspiracy stole from you.
They don't love you, Bob.
They don't love you, Bob.
They don't love you like I do.
I want to meet him.
Many have seen him.
You try to meet Bob and you never will.
So this is the closest I'm going to get to meeting Bob.
No, no, one day a man will come up to you and tell you something you don't really need
and when he does, you have been touched by Bob.
And you will have to have it.
And Slack is something so hard for people to understand,
especially in this country.
In a great deal of the rest of the world, it's very simple.
Slack is having enough food in your stomach.
Very simple. But in America, we are plagued with false Slack.
And false money. False sex.
False everything.
Bob delivers the real thing.
The real pills. The pills of revolution, my friend.
If it can only move, it can re-move.
I want one of you two to deliver me a rant.
What do you think we've been doing?
It's not enough to be done that way. You must also work.
The next rule of the church and the subgenius is if you act like a dumb
they'll treat you like an equal.
Like a what?
Like a what?
If you act like a what?
They'll treat you like an equal.
They will drown you in their mediocrity.
They will force you to kneel to their level.
But you will fight them. You will not be alone.
But you will fight them, children.
The next rule of the church and the subgenius is a rule that's only become necessary in the last 10 or 12 years.
Movements have appeared.
Vast ships, clippers upon the horizon to bring the rest of us to salvation.
Well, ships attract bollocks, mollusks, and barnacles, as you well know.
And here in the church of the subgenius, those bollocks and mollusks
are the form of hip wimps.
And the next rule of the church and the subgenius is no hip wimps.
No what?
No hip wimps.
What?
No hip wimps, children. No hip wimps.
Don't join this church looking to get cool off us.
Don't join this church looking to suck the slack out of Bob because he won't help you.
Kill me.
There are people beyond redemption.
Yes, there are even people who've been killed.
Those money will not let them into the church.
They might buy a membership, yes.
They might attend meetings.
They might even yell when the pope calls upon them,
but deep in their heart, they're hip wimps.
Another type of false compensation or over-assertiveness
is exemplified in the one who always comes late to every gathering
in order for everyone to notice him when he arrives
and who leaves early so that people will notice when he leaves
or who is constantly name-dropping.
After he said that, then he said,
Arise, take up your bed and go your way to your house.
Take up your bed and walk.
Then he stretched out on the floor.
Remember today.
Time out for fun.
Time out for fun.
We are out of here.
That is my favorite song for sure.
Oh, where?
Out of that Belfast battle zone.
Slave driver drove his tank into his reserved parking spot
and stepped out looking like Margaret Thatcher.
The war was on.
Ah, the keys on the typewriter had sharp points
that kept sticking into the keys.
They were pointing to our fingers.
The dictating equipment started asking us questions.
And our beepers sent electric shocks
just through our body like a cattle prod.
Out in the warehouse, the trucks kept banging into the docks,
not even thinking about stopping.
Oh, our frail bodies were strapped to the chairs,
and our chairs were chained to the desks.
Our pleas for justice were ignored,
and the end seemed near.
But we busted our Margaret Thatcher slave driver's little bitty . . .
We've charged out of their brick fortress.
The streets are ours because it's Friday.
Friday!
Friday!
But you see, it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter how sinful you are.
It don't matter how much you've had to kiss
on some ignorant lout who happens to make more money than you.
You can still find slack!
Now, unfortunately,
unfortunately, that doesn't set well with many.
No siree.
Most of you, most of you,
most of you believe that you already have slack.
That ain't what Jesus said.
Broad is the way that leadeth to destruction.
Narrow is the way that leadeth to life.
And few there be that find it.
Few, he said.
So, you must ask yourself,
why do you think you're a subgenius?
How do you know you have slack?
As the prophet hyperclete said,
many hear the call,
but few have correct change for the pay toilets.
Now, this is harsh.
This is harsh.
It's blunt, but it's true.
Most of the churches in this country,
in Canada, and around the world,
they go by the name of subgenius,
or Christian, or Hindu, or Muslim.
Most of these churches do not teach a full gospel of slack
and are by and large useless.
Most of the preachers,
hundreds upon hundreds of thousands of preachers,
do not preach a full gospel of slack.
Most of them preach no slack at all.
But some do.
Some do.
Some do.
Thank God for the good churches.
And there are some, but they're precious few.
Most of the people,
millions upon millions of people,
all over the world,
do not know Bob,
do not have slack.
Have never been re-killed in Bob's mighty fire.
And unless they get slack,
they will die without Bob
and be lost forever.
They don't love you, Bob.
They don't love you, Bob.
They don't love you like I do.
This face,
this face,
I've given my life for this face.
Do you like pain?
No, pink.
Oh, pink.
No, I like pain.
He likes pink.
But the pain comes strictly through mind absorption,
through many teaching techniques.
Bob and the word of Bob teaches you to recapture the slack
that the conspiracy took away from you
the minute that doctor hit your butt when you were born.
Can you guys give the listeners a definition
or some definitions of slack?
Slack by definition is indefinable.
It's an essence that if you have to ask what it is,
you've probably never had it unless you think about it.
Those who say don't know and those who don't know.
The difference between slack and no slack
was the time you were 14 and finally called that girl up
and when she knew who you were
when you identified yourself on the phone,
that was the beginning of slack, you see.
But then again, getting the date or anything like that was not slack.
It was that moment when suddenly something went
the way you wanted it to go without you thinking about it.
It was something that was totally not involved
when your feet were involved rather than your head.
Slack is getting things to run smooth without trying.
You give up and you get everything.
It's like a submission of the self to the white overlighting in Buddhism.
The Atman surrenders to the holy oneness without thinking about it.
It's not give to get, it's give up and get anyway.
It's repent, quit your job and get rich.
Get rich, slack off, my friend.
Don't be embarrassed.
And Bob will give you slack.
Bob watches over drunkards, idiots, frop heads and all subgeniuses.
Slack is like going through that old wallet that you lost so long ago
and found it in a big dust ball in the corner of the room.
You go through it, you find a $100 bill in it.
Man, that's slack.
And Reverend Stang tries to remind us that we're born with slack
and if you don't have any, then someone else has got it.
Because you got your share and if you don't have it,
it's where it shouldn't be.
And that's the conspiracy.
It's that boss that treats workers like they were property.
But if you have lost it, it is possible to get it back.
Through Bob.
Withholding tax takes away the slack.
I mean, you know, people have to realize that they're spending incredible amounts of money
that isn't worth anything on short duration pleasures of the flesh.
False slack, my friend.
The money they pay for that Porsche, the money they pay for that Z car.
Not only false slack, but false sex.
False sex.
Massage, polis, yellow rose, topless bars in Austin Tech.
All of that stuff, you know, that's false.
For less than that, they could spend a paltry $20,
less than drinks for one person in one evening and achieve salvation.
True slack.
You can evolve through laziness.
It can be done.
You can get rich off procrastination.
That book is a powerful tool.
Test subjects with a high hostility index have been found to die earlier than the folks
who sit back and put their feet up on their desks and just relax.
Folks who never hurry or get upset that things are so screwed up.
The so-called type B personalities who just go along and take life as it comes,
never complaining, never worrying or fretting as the world crumbles around them.
Don't you hate people like that?
Don't they make you sick?
Get you mad with their cavalier, doesn't bother me attitude?
Researchers tell us that roughly half of the population is that way.
The other half is our way.
The type A personalities.
Now these who are ruining their health,
well the research is obviously incomplete as to why type A's die quicker, I have an idea.
It's having to do all the work and the worrying that the type B's leave us.
I'm Dick Alexander.
But this is a living dead I see and I have to bring reality.
Because the whole world knows that any jackass who would believe in a guy
that could really control the universe would have to be a good friend of mine.
Right?
But he had to be such a good friend of mine that he couldn't do anything.
He couldn't do anything at all.
Unless he related to the fact that I could control my own mind.
Now once the Yakutisma has been evocated
and once the energies have started to flow through you,
you've become to the centering of the seeing.
Not the being but the seeing.
And the visualization of the true work.
The one thing you want to do so badly.
Now with the injection of this age force that you have received
through the regulation of the cash flow and the invoking of the Yakutismic forces
and the true aesthetic beauty life death force of the universe is coursing through your veins.
We now look at our work and go through it.
Plan every step of it.
Every, every facet of it.
Until there it is.
Crafted.
Polished.
Completely, perfectly assembled.
The great jewel.
The great jewel of something.
Some great expression that we have wanted for so long.
And we focus it.
We examine it.
We look at it.
Holding it there with the energy from it feeding back to us, from us as it is us and we are it.
And then we blow it all off.
That's right friends.
At that moment.
We just blow it all off.
We snuff it out.
We throw it away.
We say, yeah well that could be done.
Could be done.
Could be done exactly that way.
I know I can.
And so what?
Why should I?
And when you blow something like that off.
Ah, the slack.
It doesn't trickle in friends.
It surges in.
It's a great injection of slack into you.
Yes.
Millions of people get confused about how we're saved.
Whether we're saved by works or by grace.
One says no we're saved by grace and works have nothing to do with it.
The other says no it's not enough to be done that way you must also work.
And if you don't work, then you do not have salvation.
Now that is a good point.
That is a good point.
Do you have slack?
If you display the trappings of slack.
If you give slack to others and yet do not experience the slack yourself.
Is that a slack for life in the manner of our Master Bob?
Or by the same token if you yourself have slack of quite a pungent odor on your body and in your spirit.
Your spirit.
But yet if you do not share of this slack.
And use because there's always a little extra.
If there's any slack at all.
There's a little extra.
To share.
To share.
That's right.
To share with those around you.
Those deserving ones.
Or else by the same token to use that slack to injure foes.
Because there is the curse.
Because once you have slack.
Now you can use it to sap an equal amount.
An amount of slack.
Or negate.
You cannot take the slack of another subgenius exactly.
But you can negate his slack.
So that it does him no good.
And so in other words what we're saying here is.
If you have one without the other.
If you have a grace of slack without the works of slack.
And vice versa.
Is it still salvation in the name of Bob?
Now I think this is moot point.
Because.
Because if you do not have the fullness.
The fullness of slack.
Why?
It'll make you forget what you're going to say.
And so.
That we would become adopted children of God in his great family.
God knew who was going to be saved and who would not be saved.
And the Holy Ghost commanded us to be saved.

And so in a way it was quickening those.
The mind.
I was able to think better.
And I was able to learn easier.
And it became a tremendous thing to me.
And ladies and gentlemen.
I know of one gentleman.
You made my thing tremendous.
Confess it.
Confess your hell.
Confess your.
Your excrement.
Confess it.
Tell me about it.
It is a way of life.
You forget everything but Bob.
You forget everything outside of the subgenius universe.
And you can.
Or.
Or.
When a child is fed this wonderful God.
His personality is stamped.
Cemented in place.
With a Bob.
A righteous.
Bobly.
Way.
Of thought.
Oh.
Great Bob.
And I know that it has.
We can see people rising.
We can see the jewels of members rising.
Yes.
And friends.
You can join us in that mighty.
Arise.
God.





By.
Writing.
For free information.
That's all you have to do.
Just.
Just a little postcard saying.
Oh.
Please send me free information.
Oh Bob.
That's all you have to do.
Easy isn't it.
And that post office box number.
Is.
We'll just write to Bob.
Friends.
And.













We'll send you free information.
That's all you have to do.


Just a little postcard saying.

Great Bob.
We can see the jewels of members rising.
We can see the jewels of members rising.
And.
We'll just write to Bob.


We'll just write to Bob.




Free.

That's all.
Just.
Free.
Information.
It's not like you'll get.
Wrapped.
Up.
In anything.
Box.
One.
One.






65214.
Alright my involvement with the church of the subgenius has led to so much slack that
I actually got winded getting out of bed and coming to the phone.
Thank you Bob for cleansing my memory.
Thank you Bob for helping me sleep.
And Bob, I'll follow you all the way. That's right, Bob, until that next day.
Thank you, Bob, for sending them pills. Thank you, Bob, for finding me willing, teenage girls.
And Bob, I'll follow you all the way. That's right, Bob, until that next day.
And now McGraw-Hill has printed 15,000 copies of the collected teachings of Bob.
Over a century later, it became the phenomenon of the London and New York states.
Perhaps we ought to clear up something about the book.
You might find it in the humor section.
This is just completely wrong.
Proof of the conspiracy.
It should be in the religion section.
I found my copy in the religion section of Walden Books downtown.
It should be in the cooking section.
It should be in the home building section.
It should be in the pet section.
I mean, it's not to save your brain and your soul and your mental life for the next 10 million years.
You should left him a spirit of your life.
Yeah, right. It might just make you aware of the fact that you're a human being instead of a little meat machine.
We don't even want to talk about that, right?
We don't want to talk about expanding your imagination.
You're thinking for yourself.
God forbid.
Yeah, you're not asleep.
You're perfectly awake.
No, you haven't been programmed.
No.
This whole stuff isn't confusing to you at all.
Right.
No, that's the way it goes.
It's just a big joke.
We don't understand all the super power that we have been given.
Unlike any plant, animal, mineral, or anything else, we have the ability to transcend time in any of its dimensions.
And instead of being afraid of time, we should use this power.
There is a great deal of speculation about what is going to happen next.
The tape is ready now.
The lights have gone down just slightly.
Choose Mars, buddy Bob.
Now, at last, the step-by-step process is revealed.
This is it.
The only faith that promises action, thrill, success in sex and business.
Bob is a way of life communion.
Yet half of them don't even know it.
He's the one true living slack master with the spiritual know-how to change the world.
To help you bash through the locked doorway to financial heaven, he is the one real shortcut to slack.
Now, see another dimension on your TV.
My jungle is full of sex.
Sex with only red.
Sex with only black.
Sex with only white.
Ah!
Mess with your bedroom, ah!
Pick your own parts and be the pane,
And your hair size is
twenty eight.
But the thought, his words, his us with what's ask is
real doesn't demand progress.
And he won't.
We present it to ourselves so that we may realize just how important our task is.
We must then open up the channels, but all at once.
There must be no weeds to choke our careful immersed crops, and we must wait for the harvest.
Let us begin this process immediately with a demonstration of what effects can be created with the simple use of electrical angle realization.
Call now, won't you? For more of what you've come to expect from us.
Sky, moon, a certain dependable kind of image. An image of the way you'd like people to be.
Passive, pretty, white.
As wide as the complexion of our finest women, grown right here by our special process.
As wide as the complexion of our finest women, grown right here by our special process.
As wide as the hair of God, white as it was in life.
As wide as the blank sheet on which we write your mind.
Who are we?
We're the happy people.
Happy to live in a world of images.
Images of war, family, crime.
Fun images that help rinse away unsightly self-images
so you can get away from the privacy of your own home.
After all, aren't you what everything's here for?
You're what we're here for.
That's why we made everything.
And that's why everything made you.
And that's why you made us.
Who are we?
We're the money people.
The people who take your money.
No more money hassling.
But what about little Dicky, you say?
What's little Dicky gonna do when you're working late and Wilma's minding the fort and Sis is in and out?
Put away those straps and buckles. Dicky's safe with us.
He's even learning to speak again. Our way.
Best of all, he's safe with the people who know what it is you want from a world.
Simplicity.
Reliability.
A world you can go to without worrying about whether your money is safe.
You know, when we first got into this business, we didn't know much more than you.
Like you, we thought there was a world out there.
A world of value.
A world that needed meaning.
Beauty.
Love.
A world that needed a better future.
Making the difference.
The Fuze Machine.
A world where money can save lives.
Ê
Jesús?
Pares Desafios

To trash money we need now…

Not an option.
Thank you.
Thank you.
