Oh Bob, oh Bob, won't you spare me over to another show?
Get ready for the judgment day.
What?
Sun is shining, come on get happy.
Lord is waiting to take your hand.
Shout hallelujah, come on get happy.
Let's go to the promised land.
Yes?
Yes?
Yes.
What I heard of once in a lullaby.
We're back here on the air at WWW.
Wonderful Parkinson's, West Wisconsin.
Home of the Thunder Bears, the Eager Eaters, and Grandpa's Homemade Onion Aid.
We'll be talking with people on what does Thanksgiving really mean to us here in 1942.
The war raging all around us, our feet fried, and our hands distended like so.
We're gonna wake up one of us.
Oh my god, what's going on?
The first thing I remember.
Oh, there's blood everywhere.
That's the last thing I forgot.
No, he's trying to, he can't make them shut up.
Ready, here we go.
He can't make them shut up.
Will you be?
He'll never make them shut up.
Somebody gag the cowboy.
Alright, here we go.
Five, four, three, two, one.
And now it's that time you've been waiting for, kids.
Your hero, my lonesome cowboy name just rode in on his automatic horse bucket.
Howdy, kids.
I had a terrible ride here tonight.
I was threatened and accosted by three young bullies, one of whom had a rancid, arid eye
that kept on staring downwards while he beat me for my boots.
After being stabbed and knifed several times about the head and buttock,
I began to scream and chased a 13RTA bus all the way down Chester Avenue.
Once I got to the dumpster next to Mary Lou's, I had visions of her in my head.
Oh, Mary Lou.
I had visions of ski patrol and visions of French bunny girls wearing little parkas
and teeny, teeny, teeny, tiny critterments you couldn't even call clothing.
Smart guy.
And he kept me.
He kept me going.
As the oil was slicking up around my feet and the fires were raging, making the air
on my ears burn down, all I could do was think of the song, Jesus.
So you, uh, you go to prostitutes, huh?
And he banged me over to the conclusion I shouldn't have made, should've called the police.

He said it wasn't enough.
He said they would put me to bed somewhere else for 30 miles.


That time after that, I said, may liar when you try to quit here.
And on the other time, I heard the fight tears wake up on my forehead.
And I remembered that night I infants would never sleep for many hours like I do every day when

What about back then?
I've been there so many times over.


So all this time I felt like shooting aucisholas at the feet of the cop.
But 10 years later, he got kicked by the police.
Oh, yes, dear friends, welcome to our slot number 1,818.
That instrumental was by Captain Beefheart and the magic band called Flavor Bud Living from the album Doc at the Radar Station.
Indeed, all the music in this episode is from that artist and album, except the very last song.
Oh, and one singing commercial by the Firesign Theater.
And this background music by Empire Jazz Orchestra.
All the rest of the episode is taken from...
My 2001 collection of best clips from ESO Swamp Radio from WCSB in Cleveland.
The great show of the late Chaz Smith, on which Lonesome Cowboy Dave and I were honored to be regulars.
If regulars is the correct term, it's probably not.
Anyway, Dave will now give us a synopsis of the glamorous part of that movie, The Space Princess Flies Again.
Anyone familiar with the expious exploits of a woman's various space exploitations
is familiar with the science fiction scenario wherein an antidote is found for the candidate as a human being.
She's vilified by her own environment and soon finds fun in the attic.
Granddad has found his own fun in the attic.
A little tin box given to him by his grandfather.
And the gonorrhea has gone away.
Oh.
I'm sorry, sir.
That was the glamorous part.
And then there's the sordid part about the addicts in the attic.
Jeez, it's, you know, weird when you have to hide your sexuality as if it were some form of...
CSB.
Hello, Kelly, you're on the air.
Tim.
Tim calling from Norway.
Freaking Tim ought to be slapped.
Doc Frop and Sister Decadence may be calling.
They may be calling at any moment.
Threatened to do that.
They threatened to call?
Yeah.
They threatened to call.
Look, Captain, their buzzards are flying.
Over.
Over.
Your head, not over.
Head.
Just over your head.
Just overhead.
Doc Frop has apparently grown some newly mutated forms of...
We got him back.
...Zipulops, the sacred Tibetan herb.
But the Dalai Lama has never really sneaked a puff, has he?
Or was he like a...
The Dalai Lama's the one who showed Bob how to grow it.
Well, he showed him how to grow it, but he frowned on the actual...
He gave him the droppings that he started...
That Bob started his...
His frop.
His home frop.
This was the first...
The Dalai Lama back in the 50s, not the one now.
In a darkened room, with lava lamps burning like crazy.
The love magic...
Oh, it's a party.
A broken party, friends.
It's a destroyed party.
It's gonna destroy your mind.
Mama told you not to come, and yet you did.
You played with yourself, and you came to the party, and you did it.
You came, and you did it, and you took it.
You took it all the way.
Took all of them.
Too much was always better than none.
That's what Bob said.
And so you went ahead and did it, and now you've got to face the consequences.
You're beautiful.
Have you ever heard of...
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
We called them and talked to them.
And they called him a bewitching person.
And then Bob spoke the far- distribute world...
And then Bob was the sole outmodian.


We made a whole process of August Versus June.



I couldn't keep quiet.
Because I was there.
I wanted to delicate myself.
You could always be your281.
James.
You were beggining the wrongahn???
You were.
I couldn't be more Race.
Or a dream.
It's all in your mind.
There are both of those.
My mind is not my mind.
The cholesterol.
The triglycerides.
It's in your brain.
It's in your brain now.
My mind is my friend.
My mind is my friend.
My mind is my mind.
My mind is my mind.

But that's so fine for you.
Those patches.
What path of continent?
I don't mind.
With Hecboa Zond
leading off the
Magma Arm report.
Mind your own business.
What path of continent?
I used to pray to it at night
in rubber leg.
Don't mind me.
My rubber leg was getting a little bit soft
from the trip over the hills.
But that stuff
was fine for you.
Those arches.
You could get in there
and breathe.
You could live like a regular simian
and forget about the water line
and machines coming back.
You could start again.
Start a whole new life.
All these kids these days
they figure, oh I'm going to get high.
I'm going to get high
and go to one of them
spaced out trans-so concerts.
I'm going to get high.
I'll try some of that mace
mixed with DMT
mixed with marijuana
mixed with Everclear.
Man, if you want to be really cool
you'd sever the connection
between your right and left brains.
Now if you want to get
buzz on, dude
you won't be able to tell
the difference between your car
and your glasses.
Reagan achieved that state
without even trying.
And Bob
was born that way.
And now he's born that way.
This isomb besрей


Brad closes your joint?

It's over.
John's a correct planet.
Mum, stop bringin' up
that bitter topic.
Hurry up.
Was there a high school
one home poisoning
She puts her head into the fire
Makes her red heart perspire
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead
She was burned before she was born
Burning up a storm
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead
Lick out like a flame and burn you to a shame
By the burning flame
Swingshot burning big
She's a red hot pig
She's a hobo by a toaster
She's a hobo by a toaster
She's a circle on a spit
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead
She can stitch you to a wheel
Take you to a fire
And spin you round and round
Pour you, drink you down
Fire, fire, fire
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead
Burn you up in bed
Just like she said
Cause she's a hothead, hothead, hothead
She can lick out like a flame
Burn you to a shame
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead, hothead
Yeah, and by the burning flame
She can drag you up in bed
Or curl you up in steam
Cause she's a hothead, hothead, hothead
She can burn and fight a show
She can strut about a goal
She can burn and fight a show
She can strut about a goal
She can burn and fight a show
She can be a hero
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead, hothead
She can burn and fight a show
Is this coming on the air, Chaz?
Is this a caller, please?
Hello, Tim, you're a techno beat.
Or non-rivers.
How come some of these, like, um...
I don't wanna use the word, um...
Hombosexuals
Actually emulate the robot personality now?
You would think that, you know...
Hombosexuals
Humbosexuals
robot pets. Here in Humboldt Sexual, we know how to grow your own green sexuality. But,
that's you. Step alongside these fabulously meticulously kept swimming pools. And the
sex organs is all the fun.
Oh, sticky.
Pour out some very turkey right now.
Oh my God, I'm so wet.
Oh my God.
Now, what we need to do is take a little bit these nose hairs down. And you know, we look
so cute.
The robot is servicing the frog plantation.
Who loves?
Mastress.
We just take it right off.
Wild.
The harvesting this year's crop of newly mutated.
Oh, you have a dance like a he-man.
Have a frog zip your laps, Mariphasia lupina.
I'm gonna get that cock in my mouth.
Colloquially, a...
It's called frog.
Oh, I'm gonna suck my balls.
Well, we're not into colloquialisms, baby.
Well, the colloquials like to smoke it. Others, though, where I come from, you pack it up
your exit wound.
They pack it up?
That's the way a Texan does it. That's the way a North Texan does it in November to commemorate
the...
I remember when Bob was in Korea, he was shot 24 times in the abdominal muscle. And he didn't
desire quinine or any of that alpha-stic himself. And when the medics came by, he asked for
pure 100.
100 percent has you brought to the fifth officer's office.
JFK was into frogs. That was what Jackie was crawling over the back of the limo to get out
of the trunk.
Oh, his head blew up. He must have needed more of his frappy.
Here ye, here ye, the case of Bob Dobbs versus the case of Florida. Me bonkers.
A pretty new act on Hell Space here in the Cathedral of Pain.
Bailiff, could you please bring in the bleeding head of Arnold Fluxus E.N. Palmer?
He said something I heard about him.
Hey, are you guys giving out legal advice?
Yes, we are.
I'm calling in for legal advice.
You will? You got the right people.
Okay, if you wanted to like sell your body to a necrophiliac, but you were still alive,
you know, like just get the money in advance and like just promise to take care of it, you
know, and you know, like not, you know, mess it up or anything. And you know, would that
be legal?
Did you make a contractual agreement with the federal government?











I don't think so.
Okay, so you have a contractual obligation with this person stating that at the moment?
Well, I'm considering it, yeah.
Okay, and at the moment of your death in this contract, it is written that he will be able
to perform rude stunts in the buff with you?
Yeah, yeah.
Is this an exclusive contract? Would any, would, can others get in on it?
I don't know.
Is he, is he?
Well, you know, I'm just saying, would that be legal to sell your body to someone after,
after you were dead? Speaking of pro-choice issues and...
If somebody, for instance, and not just for the pure fun of necrophiliac.

Necrophiliac, which I'm sure most people out there enjoy from time to time.
Many religious people do, is sort of sell their body to the highest bidder for what
happens after death.
Well, that's why the Chinese had to invade Tibet. They were selling stiffs as love corpses
for their strange worship activities.
They used lip service as payment to the gods.
Lip service?
And to, and to, so that the gods then can use them after death. But that's to use their
souls, not their bodies, I guess.
Now, specifically...
So if God can do that, why not man?
We'll see.
In this world where man is as great as God.
Now think like a lawyer. Okay, calm down, calm down.
So man says...
Think like a lawyer for a second.
Oh.
This cadaver...
Lawyers are greater than God.
This corpse or cadaver, whichever we call it, is non exosquisis hocs pro quo, meaning it
is not a cadaver until some certain point in time at which her contractual obligation
begins. And his also.
Do you have TP for my buttonhole?
You know what?
I think this show...
She's talking about Bob. Bob called you. You didn't call her.


I didn't, he, young lady.
I think...
Bob's been making deals with you. Now, I know Bob's taste...
This show proves that humans, it would be a scary idea if humans actually did start
colonizing the universe.
Just think they would want to take this rag-tag bunch of malarkey everywhere they
went.
I can't imagine that.
Can you imagine a bunch of us out there?
Colonizing.
Can you imagine a bunch of dorks on Alpha Centauri with their own radio show barking
up the airwaves in some other planetary system making, you know, huge mom...
We were...
Sure. We are...
We'd be the horrible monsters from outer space that infect.
We would be the ecclesiastical mongrels of which your own church and many other churches have whispered silently in our ears since the beginning of colonization.
Since the very first days that the devices were implanted in your anus, my anus, all of ours.
Hey, speak for yourself.
I am.
I'm not talking through your mouth, and I will never do that again as long as I don't, you know, those Tibetan scripture things.
I'll never, ever try and speak through another body, living or dead, but my own.
I say get those inserted devices out of yourself one expellation at a time.
I say get it while you can.
Every fart takes another few molecules of that device out with it.
Stan says get the devices out with the church of the subdues as your assisterator.
Chaz says your assisterator will be those flatulent devices in your corpus collectum.
Not corp one.
Hi, neighbors.
I'm Edgar Allen Paul, manager of Bird of Prey Motors, where you can follow the feathers to under the sign of the black bird.
If you've been turned down before, never more, never more.
Yeah, that's right, Nick.
That's my bird, Nick, and I guess I know a bird when I see one.
Even if you've been killed in an auto accident and can't get your driver's license back from the police,
we'll help you.
You know, it usually takes a lawyer to help a doctor cure a policeman,
but if it's action you want, well, we're all actors here.
And here.
And here.
At all the Bird of Prey garages in Gotham and Metropolis.
And now in Duckburg, dockside at the corner of something Pumpkin Avenue.
Well, for precision auto salvage, body belts, and transmission problems, too,
y'all come on down to where the president stands under every car.
That's the Bird of Prey garages serving the Tri-City area since 10 o'clock.
Every morning.
When do we close?
Every morning.
Every morning.
I will stand upon my aid
Until this bird is dead
At the Bird of Prey, the Bird of Prey garage
Get a loop job with Nick Garelli.
Thank you, the Firesign Theater.
Before that, except for the Captain Beefheart song, Hot Head,
it's been ESO Swamp Radio.
From old WCN.
All the way up.
And it's going to continue to be ESO Swamp Radio almost all the way down.
In fact, let's go to the phones now and see what this caller has to say.
But listen, Dave, I wanted to tell you that, you know,
the last time I listened to this show, I was a 16-year-old runt.
Now you're a 52-year-old runt with bad eyesight.
But it's amazing when I listen to the tapes now, I actually understand them.
Anyway.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah, man, but did you ever think that when you were really young,
you really understood it better than you ever would understand if you ever understood it before?
Yeah, I understand that.
I understand what you just said.
And just think that next year, you'll look back and you'll go,
man, I understand this more than I ever understood it before.
And then you'll look back on those years that you understood it before that and go,
but I really knew that.
And the year after that, my head will explode.
Well, that's why most of them quit doing it, you know.
Well, listen, boys.
They only listen while they don't understand.
Listen, guys.
Bob bless all of you.
And have a wondrous new year.
Listen, it's so amazing that I've been able to get back in contact with you.
I'm glad this year.
What is this, 52 years you're on the air now?
Yeah.
Well, this is actually the 55th year coming up.
This is the year we have to board the Discovery.
Wasn't it the Discovery in 2001?
Very, very thin air, as they call it.
Now, are you doing any more episodes?
Are we doing any more episodes?
We do an occasional dog food commercial.
Dave had an episode on the air.
We're doing a maternity, uh, maternity, uh, and so we, uh, you know, are lifted by lawsuits and other incidental things.
Dave's got a lot of maternity suits happening right now.
That's the best.
That we are in a decade of change.
We may be in a decade of convulsion and upheaval.
And therefore, the biggest thing you can do to prepare for the 90s is to build your own.
You can build your own ship.
Marvelous things can happen to you despite what's going on around you.
I would recommend very strongly that everyone read...
The Book of the Subgenius.
Disease and pestilence stalking the land.
Bob's promise rings true.
Ah!
Ah!
Clean.
Children.
That I am God.
Hm?
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next thirty minutes.
God.
Here's a little poem by a contributor named Reverend Onan Kenobot.
Oh, that sounds like a piece of old man porn.
Everything happens for a reason.
We hurt our backs and pay our tax.
We take up jobs to fill the gobs of alien gods who eat pain beyond reasoning
and use human irony as a kind of seasoning.
They're the reason we lack even a moment of slack.
Because everything happens for a reason.
Everything happens for a reason.
A sea of pink will make one think that normalcy's not misery.
And getting along with the teeming masses by being bullies and kissing asses
is how things are run and gosh, even fun.
Because everything happens for a reason.
Everything happens for a reason.
True stories told of minds controlled.
True power spied imperiled.
True power amidst eye.
A UFO fuels our misery to grease the gears of the conspiracy.
Their lasers avoid.
Be paranoid.
Because everything happens for a reason.
Everything happens for a reason.
A salesman spoke.
Our hearts awoke.
Our church was founded.
Our hopes well grounded.
The church of the subgenius scoffs at rebuke.
Offering no reasons but.
An excuse.
And lays the blame.
And the damned false claim.
That everything happens for a reason.
I thank you, Reverend Onan Kanobai.
God darn it, man.
And the Empire Jazz Orchestra.
So, okay.
I'm happy to be here.


I'm afraid of my brain.
So that's your secret, man.
I always wondered why you attracted so many chicks.
He turns his brain inside out.
Waggles his brain at the girls and they come running.
Your eyes are so red.
The Dave brain.
Oh, it's so convoluted.
Like your speech.
Oh, Dave.
That's right.
Dave, we need to just take a few more of the notes here.
Dave, you're so Bob.
I thought Bob was just kind of Dave.
It's like a saloon in the Dave brain.
It's like an old Western saloon in there.
It's always 2001.
Only 2001.
Right.
But it's 1888 and, you know, like...
It's 1888 and 2001.
At the same time.
And the year 2328.
There's them like lily, you know, type prostitute dancer girls around and cowboys.
The year 5449 is in there.
Well, of course.
The saloon at the end of time.
The saloon at the time intersection.
Where Dave meets every archetype of Dave.
From throughout history.
The transvestite hooker with a heart of gold.
Dave Visa.
Or Dave Vess.
The crooked mayor, Dave.
The rich.
Rich developer, Dave.
All in the saloon at the end of the universe.
The starship captain.
Handsome Dave.
The saddled crippled lawyer in a wheelchair.
Dave.
In the saloon of life.
What do you have, partner?
What do you have?
You there.
Partner with the one eye pointed down.
The other one pointed sideways.
What do you have?
I'll have a time.
I'll have a time intersection.
I mean a sarsaparilla, sir.
And we don't serve no sarsaparilla, no St. Louis sissies around here.
You drink a man's drink or you walk out there in the street and get shot down by him.
And at the moment that they, the inhabitants of the cosmic saloon,
did not even notice the passage of the time intersection.
But everything had changed.
And when they...
They walked outside.
The circus of Dr. Lowe was just arriving.
Now off ants and tankers.
Lions and...
Laugh, laugh, laugh.
I think clowns.
And Sheriff Grumley.
He was...
The yeti jumped...
The sideshow yeti broke free from its chains, ran into the crowd,
and carried off the spinster repressed Fridges librarian.
He and Pan, having a three-way with her, turned her on.
I'm sorry.

Then the stupid, ignorant, racist rednecks,
while getting the local town surviving Indians to dance,
accidentally knocked over the fishbowl containing the infant Loch Ness Monster,
which grew to gigantic size,
chased the man into a giant flaming cathedral,
where they threw spears at it until...
They traded it to James Franciscus, and it died.
And so we learn...
that nature, in its infinite wisdom,
mocks man with his puny pride.
Nature, which holds us in its tender grip,
its mercy is its gentle cradle
until we've approached the moment of wisdom.
And which time it turns its hand down
and its cold icy stare out of it.
And so we know that Godzilla will be back again
to teach man a lesson.
Only this time, he will come to man
in the form of a friendly little puppy
named Joy Boy.
We have already seen these things.
Dr. Panaram and Dr. Patel and I
have spent hours and hours in mystic dreaming
and this is our prediction
that not only will the white buffalo return
but the cute little puppy will be the messiah of mankind.
Oh man.
Yes.
It's a lousy prediction.
He got his hands.
The hands are in the air.
I was hoping you were bleeding.
I looked at all the other contestants
and noticed there wasn't a drop of blood on any of them.
How did you get so stiff and straight like that?
Oh my, what an unusual haircut.
You just sit down right here and cross both of your legs.
I mean all three.
We know how you work the room.
And you can just cross your eyes now
and fold your hands
and just listen to this message.
That's right, you won't remember anything.
Time is being distended.
You're going through a temporal shift right now.
You're going through a temporal shift right now.
Mom, I'm back.
Mom?
Mom?
Oh yes, friend.
What the hell are you doing down in the basement?
Jesus God, Mom.
What the hell are you doing?
That's a shame, isn't it all?
Give me the bald-headed Elvis from Michigan, I guess.
Call me.
Call me.
Call me.
Call me.
Call me.
Call me.
Call me.




Call me.
Call me.
Call me.
Call me.
Call me.


The pond shines dry like a lady's compact.
Lilies leap like flat green hearts with white hearts
squirting yellow pollen cocks.
Ferns rant like cool spades fossils away from rocks.
Bees echoed dark carbon hums that dashed in nothing.
Gnats fuck my ears and nostrils.
Hit my.
Brain like homes, in numb to nothing.
Wings stuck on liquid bones.
Making love to a vampire with a monkey on my knee.
The moon poured hollow down my milky leg.
Splashed still and moved.
The wind peed down the willows and pricked the needle fine.
The monkey moved a fur shadow.
Its soot tail curled in twos.
Its lips smiled needles.
Its eyes rolled loose.
Her throat broke open.
Glistened in the dew.
Red berries dangled like a dream of rubies too.
Snot muscles ran down her ivory chin and tooth within.
A lock and a pin held fast to then.
My love, my pocket deep within.
Incenses dangled a chain that clasped me to her then.
The messenger spoke the wind that blows between our time.
I sensed you then in whispers spin and flow in silver dust around the pointed pin.
Sent to nothing.
God please fuck my mind for good.
Making love to a vampire with a monkey on my knee.
Oh fuck that thing.
Fuck that poem.
Eyes crawl out with magics.
White cloth bones pile up like thrown blades.
Rags in skull scoop soil cracks drain screams.
Please take my hand and join me.
Too soon its clutches gleams.
Making love to a vampire with a monkey on my knee.
Death be damned wife.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
The Savage Revenge of Helen Keller in retro vision.
What?
The Savage Revenge of Helen Keller in retro vision?
That is a real actual tract written by Dr. Mars, I believe.
It's a visionary piece.
It also involves performance, and it is quite visionary,
except for the fact that they duct tape your eyes shut.
And you're supposed to experience through your nasal cortex most of the experiences.
You express that so well.
The long knitting needles, believe me, are...
Express yourself.
Express yourself.
It's a kind of a clean feeling you get, you know, like you've all been...
Clean yourself.
Clean.
Fresh.
Clean.
Clean it out.
Wipe yourself.
Find refreshment where you live.
Ream yourself.
You peppermint douche.
Begin in a clean body.
A breath.
Refresh.
Clean body.
Lighten up.
Manhole.
Yourself.
Grab a rock.
Salish yourself.
I'll sit for you.
Move with...
What's he doing?
A hot lid?
Stallion.
Water.
Bowie knife.
That's pretty.
Brass cannonball.
Then a brick...
Shit house.
Ah, there he is.
And you just put this right on his head.
Oh, my God.
I've never seen anything like that before.
He's got a head condom.
It's really...
Dave has just put a condom over his complete head.
He's ready to dive right in.
I can't breathe, though.
It's doing...
Oh, my God.
That's obscene.
It's lubricated and I'm drowning.
He's getting into it now.
Ladies and gentlemen, you should see what's going on in the studio.
It's lubricated, man.
You gotta help me get this off.
I can't breathe.
It's...
I've never seen performance art quite like that.
Eat your heart out.





It spells out how it's stirring.
Ow!
All right, but I need something to play.
Yaw, yaw, yaw.
Lords of Acid is just about nothing but that kind of...
Yeah, right.
...Richard and kitty cat.
Well, how about a pronunzamento of earth-squacking impertinent?
Somebody told me that people have group sex at Lords of Acid concerts, and I said, I've
been to a five-exam...

days and a thrill kill concert i've seen them all just about but and this young lady that was
explaining this to me said well i had my first three-way at a lords of acid concert well everybody
had a three-way there but they're talking about long sliking dogs they're talking about three-way
hits no i thought they're i think they were talking about three-way sexual activities with
a prairie squid a man on one end a woman on the other and a squid in the middle you better believe
it baby and sometimes you can get another guy or girl in there depending on how if it's a large
enough and willing enough depending on how big the ink sack is on the squid that's right you can
always use the ink sack if once it's been de-inked can you put them together like a little pioneer
toy when you were 75 years old we've got those de-inking suction cup pad
bags
,
machines for at subgenius foundation huh don't i mean just if you had three squid not three
squids i'm of course an erudite person three squid could you just snap them together like
blocks and they would serve the same purpose of perhaps a hundred uh just clear armies the south
american army squid oh they will do that they will actually form bridges of their own bodies across
rivers so that their horny squid mates can get across you know at the cost of thousands of lives
thousands of more will live
Consider the reason for the psychic experiments look here
The arm Squit are not only growing in size through conjugating and multiplying but they have one mind
one hurt
one mind much like you Dr.
finding the words
if you cut off the head it just grows in other words
one mind
if you pull a beak another beak appears
i'm short
Now another thing laughs at you and cries at you.
If you pull out its fangs, it grows twice as many.
If you pull its ears, it wants you to rub its belly.
If you give it milk, it will suck your blood.
All these things and more can be yours.
At Squid Town, Prairie Town, USA.
My, miles and miles of furrowed dirt.
And squid flipping and undulating in each and every patch.
I thought I'd died and gone to heaven.
At Rose Pond Rose, I never believed there could be such a squid farm.
Squids, as far as I can see.
They're slopping and slutting. I think they're ready to be picked.
I got my viagra.
I'm all greased up and ready to go.
Look.
Look, I got a lot of them fake beauty marks on my...
Sorry, it's a melanoma.
But look, I got a terrible...
Tight, tight, tight pants.
I got a tight squid here.
Yeah.
I'm retired.
A little bit of that sorrel sausage sorcery there, eh?
That's right.
I like to get down in them furrows and just plow.
You know what I mean?
Just plow my way.
Use one...
And squid as a condom for use of another squid.
Yep.
And then a bigger...
And then use a bigger one atop them.
We were the ones who invented them things back in the dome.
You know, back in the dome.
Squid with them...
Back under them.
You could take one of them and you would shave your eyebrow for you.
You wouldn't have to even sit in a chair.
You could just sit there and lecture it about anything that came to your mind.
I tried to get a patent on those things, but it turns out you can't patent a formula.
That's right.
Yeah.
That didn't matter back in the day.
And that's all you really need to create that.
We just sit there whittling and having the squid.
Whittling and having.
Mammy didn't know nothing.
We did all kinds of songs.
Knowing and having.
Happy was none the wiser.
Remember the squid songs we used to make up when we had nothing else to do but just try
to recharge our depleted accordion?
Knowing the squids.
Yep.
Didn't know them real personal.
Loving the squid.
Having the squids.
Plowing the squids.
Squid.
Squidding around on the squid.
Squid cake.
I like to just take it in my hand.
Squid soup.
Squid sandwiches.
Look at it for maybe half an hour.
Squid bed.
Squid.
Squid flag.
Squid pudding.
Squid bait furniture.
Squid primavera.
There's nothing like squid pudding, though.
All that stuff.
Squid.
Everybody's grandmother made squid pudding out of their own orifices.
And squid strudel is good, too.
When you had it dry.
Dry.
Old granny.
Not like the rest of us.
Oh, no.
We used to dry out the grannies.
I remember that.
We'd take the grannies and we'd string them up.
Smoke them.
Smoke them.
And for a long time.
Get cured.
Two, three, four weeks.
We would be cured, but we would never get high off of it.
Jerked granny.
Nope.
Wasn't right.
Besides, grandpa didn't like that.
No, he wanted all of it.
He wanted to disrespect your elders.
He wanted to do his own jerking.
He walked 50 miles a day to go to a squid.
And he, grandma, she walked.
Look.
Look.
Look.
Look.
Look.
Look.
Look.
Look.
Look.
She walked about 25 miles a day.
And they just keep telling the same story.
Everybody knows you took the squid, bud.
You didn't do it in the old days.
That prairie squid homeowners.
I remember that old song.
I got...
You know, how the hell did you ever survive the last seven years without your...
What happens is if you've been around for a long time, you start to get...
enough squid, well, they get into you.
They just start reproducing and hollering and carrying on.
Before you know it, you're just a vessel for squid intelligence.
And then you got to send them to college.
Exactly.
Start all over again.
You got to get done with the little peckers.
Keep you young.
Keep you young and quick.
My feet have gone to sleep while we're talking about this.
I think my hemorrhoids come back.
No.
No.
If we could maybe change the subject a little bit.
No.
All right.
I know that's the only thing you ever want to really talk about in depth.
But for crying out loud, we've been talking about it for six weeks now.
I know.
Isn't a boy named Sue like that?
He cannot leave the back of the EMS vehicle,
singing to the various crippled victims of the gerbling problems.
I guess we want to call them problems.
Somebody was clearly at fault and didn't want to take credit.
If you don't feed the gerbil, what do you think is going to happen?
Soon, the gerbil becomes very hungry.
As his belly becomes hollow and his skin becomes slick,
as the hair falls out and his eyes grow weak, he will bite at anything.
At the last minute, I will substitute the starving gerbil for the healthy one.
The master won't suspect until it's too late.
He humiliates himself.
Hi, friends.
I'm Heinrich Himmler.
And boy, when it gets hard to understand, it really gets hard.
And when it gets big, it gets really big.
We like to make it big and hard for you to understand.
So zip up your zip suit and check it out, kids.
Is that why my tongue got this way?
It's all big and hard.
I can't have the truck.
It's my tongue.
You thought it was light?
And you thought that it was something mutant and ugly.
But really, in the subgenius church, that hanging, lollygaggy tongue
and that twisted face is the sexiest thing you've ever seen.
That's what the subgenius women call beautiful.
And wait till you see what the men go for.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Can you imagine?
Have you ever seen a woman with that many lips?
He's coming over here.
No, he's just coming over here.
Have you ever seen women with that many lips there?
And look, each one of them has its own separate personality.
I can't imagine.
That's what you want, guys.
Believe you me.
Once you've gone there, you'll never go the other place.
Anytime ever again.
I'm speaking to you professionally as a sex professional now.
Now, professionally speaking, Stang, what is the best sex position for a subgenius to take?
Under Bob.
Under Bob.
Under Bob.
All is under Bob.
I thought you were going to say that.
Bob is always on top.
Yeah.
He is a visionary.
And if one has earned a reach around from that great super salesman,
that living avatar of slack,
then one should leave a special tip for him.
And it's important to leave that tip in the right jar, isn't it, Reverend?
Yes, that's right.
And use a nice clean knife when you separate the tip from all the rest.
Yes.
Yes.




















Clean, clean, clean and sterilized knife.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Extra sterilized, pure, sharp.
I needed to bust in here and mention that the voices on that especially sexy mess of squiddy stuff
from ESO radio were Reverend Bleepo Abernathy,
also known as William Cates, the Hollywood actor.
And Princess We Are Doe, queen of all the UFOs,
who I had just married shortly before that show was recorded, I think.
But now back to Bob.
Bob?
I think of Bob as a protean sex gland.
Often when I think of myself ensconced in a little home,
a little domicile on the pipe on the ring of Saturn's moon,
I can see that.
Saturn's moon.
Little fish.
Flocks of pastures of green sheep floating by.
And what do they call those?
Hillocks, like a little cottage with smoke curling out of it.
And each one resembles a pipe.
And I can see myself there with my own little Connie.
Connie of my own design, perhaps.
Hairy footed, perhaps with a face much bigger than the rest of her body.
But still.
I like that kind, too.
I thought you did.
And that's why I brought her up.
She's been calling you again, Stang.
That big head girl?
The big head girl.
From space?
She's been calling you, Stanley.
Ah.
Hello?
I think I hear her.
I think all I ever get is your machine.
I know you've been thinking of me.
I went back to the carnival again and went on the ferris wheel and rode the merry-go-round.
And all I could do was think of you.
Of course, it was very hard to fit my head in.
The merry-go-round was very low ceiling.
But still, I was alone.
And I was alone.
And I thought of you.
I ate a half a loaf of bread.
And then I played with myself and cried again.
Then I went on the ferris wheel.
I had to be restrained because my head was disturbing the other passengers.
And I thought of you again.
I went down to the boardwalk and looked at the sea.
And all I could see was you, Revlon.
Why you don't call me back sometime?
Well, it's bleeding.
I'm a huge little ice cream woman from space calling you back again.
Hoping sometime you'll return my call.
Bye.
Until the evening gets late and I'm alone with you.
It's so strange.
You know, they...
All those groupies.
Yeah, I remember.
All they needed to do was to just send their $30 to Bob.
And I know that's all they're trying to do is get close to Bob.
They think I know Bob's phone number.
And I do.
You do.
But they think I can give it to them.
And I can't.
I just can't.
And instead of giving you the $30, what do they do?
They come up to you and in time, they say something stupid.
They play with your hairy feet.
They talk backwards to you and try and trick you.
Time is right.
Listen to the words.
Time, yes.
How many times has this happened at Divisible?
Every time.
Every damn one.
I remember the last time I was playing with Einstein's Secret Orchestra at the Divisible
for the Reverend Ivan Zang of the Church of the Subgenius.
We just finished a song and a rush of about 11 women.
No, it's always 15-year-old guys with glasses.
Stangly clothes.
If only it was women.
Yeah, if only it was women who didn't look like kind of fat guys in those weird, you know,
Pendleston shirts with like...
With a Bob shirt.
With real thick glasses.
With real thin slashes.
That's too tight.
Guys that kind of look like us, you know, and they're only...
I thought that was really good.
You know, the only part I enjoyed was saying, you know, they were all smart and everything.
Yeah, but you know what?
You missed this one note.
I saw where you missed this note.
Yeah, it was smart and shit.
And there's a link on your website.
It's dead.
I wanted to make sure you knew about that.
You know what's wrong with those CDs?
That's where they go skipping.
No, man.
We don't want that.
That's a coding problem.
We don't want that.
That's a coding problem.
Hi.
How have you been?
I'm watching you tonight.
Are you all right?
Are you hungry?
Can I get you anything?
A cup of coffee, perhaps?
A sandwich?
A ham?
I'd like some Guinness and some crackers.
A bee job?
Maybe some...
Knotted nylons?
Oh, yes, bees.
Yes.
I can bring you peas.
Would you like some peas, honey?
I can make honey for you.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
No, they don't talk that way.
The hot Yoo-hoo bottle?
No, they don't wear Hulu skirts.
They don't talk funny language-ish for our pleasure.
No, they just say, price Bob.
None of them have hair on their faces.
I found my copy of Price Bob.



I found my copy of The Book of the Subgenius for a dollar at the cutout bin.
Would you sign it?
Some of them do have the little lines, the dotted lines for the cranial implants and
the place where they took off the top of their head.
I like that.
All right.
Let's have a little break here.
Thank you, ESO.
But here's some wit and wisdom.
I pulled these from The Week news magazine.
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between,
does what he wants to do.
Bob Dylan said that.
Never hate your enemies.
It affects your judgment.
The fictional Godfather character Michael Corleone said that.
I like work.
It fascinates me.
I can sit and look at it for hours, said author Jerome K. Jerome.
If that really is his name.
Adam invented love at first sight, one of the greatest labor-saving machines the world
ever saw, said humorist Josh Billings.
To die is poignantly bitter, but the idea of having to die without having lived is unbearable,
said Eric Fromm.
And now this.
Oh, death.
Oh, death.
Won't you spare me over till another year?
Well, what is this that I can't see with ice cold hands taking hold of me?
Death.




Well, I am death.
None can excel.
I'll open the door to heaven or hell.
Oh, death.
Someone would pray.
Could you wait to call me another day?
The children prayed.
The preacher preached.
Time and mercy is out of your reach.
I'll fix your feet till you can't walk.
I'll lock your jaw.

Just till you can't talk.
I'll close your eyes so you can't see this very hour.
Come and go with me.
Death I come to take the soul, leave the body and leave it cold.
To drop the flesh off of the frame.
The earth and worms both have a claim.
Oh, death
Oh, death
Won't you spy me over till another year
My mother came to my bed
Placed a coal towel upon my head
My head is warm, my feet are cold
Death is a-moving upon my soul
Oh, death, how you treating me
You close my eyes so I can't see
Well, you're hurting my body, you make me cold
You run my life right out of my soul
Oh, death, please consider my age
Please don't take me at this stage
My wealth is all at your command
If you will move your icy hands
Oh, the young, the rich, or poor
How like me you know
No wealth, no land, no silver, no gold
Nothing satisfies me
But your soul
Oh, death
Oh, death
Won't you spy me over till another year
Won't you spy me over till another year
Won't you spy me over till another year
Sobering
Sobering indeed, friends.
That was Ralph Stanley singing,
and I first heard it on the soundtrack of
Oh, Brother, Where Art Thou?
That's actually kind of a hard song for an old person to hear.
By the time you're my age,
you've seen way too many younger folks
taken before their time by illness or accident.
Yes, sir, one thing I hate more than the conspiracy,
even more than the conspiracy,
is chronic disease.
Not the aging, that's fair enough,
but the hurting.
At least this show was really funny up till now.
But just as the grim reaper comes a-knockin'
just when you'd rather he not,
which is every time,
well, so too must this hour of slack,
much like beans,
come to its end.
People say in Boston even
Beans do it
Let's do it
Beans do it
Friends
Let's vote
Home again!
And in fact, now I'm going to give you more information
about where this all comes from,
the Church of the Subgenius,
the books,
the videotapes,
the monsters,
the living madmen,
and this...
Post Office Box.
You can write for free information
from Bob,
just our slack, or Bob Dobbs,
or Reverend Ivan Stang, or anybody,
or Jesus at
Post Office Box
807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043
You can also mail CDs and tapes
and MP3s and whatever you got to me,
Reverend Ivan Stang at Box...
807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043
That's Stang at Subgenius.com
and always check out www adopt subgenius.com
Thank you.
Okay.
And there it is.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.

