It is the bizarre story number one.
Lee Harvey Oswald was shot at 1217 Eastern Standard Time by a man named Jack Ruby.
Oswald died at 2.07 p.m.
Lee Harvey Oswald died just 48 hours after the president in Parkland Hospital,
in the same hospital, the same emergency room, the same operating table,
and in the same town, Dallas, Texas.
Jack Ruby, the man who killed Lee Harvey Oswald, was only charged with carrying a weapon.
Jack Ruby, seen here with the blood of Oswald on his face and shirt,
is being transferred through the same...
Dallas City Jail by the same police,
handcuffed with the same handcuffs that Oswald was wearing,
through the same hallway, through the same door that Oswald passed through,
the same town, Dallas, Texas, time 4.45 p.m., the same day.
...the internationally known golfer.
And the golfer comes out now.
Oh, it's... looks like the projectionist has fallen asleep.
Oh, there's the head.
It's the head.
He's been ready.
Wait a minute.
This is Arnold Palmer.
Hi, golfers.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of flack,
with your host, Reverend Ivan Stagg.
Nice job.
Anyone in which you've been denied slag by the conspiracy, sir?
Um...
Perhaps you understand.
Maybe.
Um...
Perhaps you understand.
Maybe.
Do you have anything to say to the defendant?
No.
No, no.
No, no.
There's a shot.
No, no.
No.
Oswald has a shot.
No.
There's...
There's something wrong with the machine.
No, no.
Something has happened in the motorcade route.
Something, I repeat, has happened in the motorcade route.
There's numerous people running up the hill along the side L Street,
down by the 7th freeway.
General Police Officer, uh, runs up the hill at this time.
Stand by just a moment, please.
Something has happened in the motorcade route.
Stand by just a moment, please.
This could maybe, uh...
Hey, let me, uh, offer you a theory.
Okay.
Because, uh, I have an uncle who was in the Secret Service
when, uh, President Kennedy was assassinated.
Yes.
Yes, ma'am.
He had, uh, he had an interesting bullet wound that, uh,
he never had prior to that incident.
He was in the motorcade.
But the angle was totally wrong for him to get shot.
Wait a minute.
You mean your uncle?
That's right.
Your uncle got hit?
This was in, uh, when Kennedy was assassinated.
Correct.
He was wounded in the right hip just above the hip.
Well, I'd never heard of anybody being hit but...
Watch it.
Kennedy and Connelly.
In Dealey Plaza?
Let me put it this way.
Yes.
He was supposed to come to a family gathering the next day,
which is only about 200 miles away from Dallas.
Yeah?
He didn't show up anywhere in the family for one month.
Nobody knew where he was at.
And when he finally did show up, he had this interesting new scar.
On his thumb?
Just above the right hip.
And I know scars because I've had a lot of them through my life.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That bullet had to do some strange gyrations.
This got me interested in studying about, uh, assassination attempts
and how they can be done.
Where was he in the...
Uh, this could be an international audience at this point.
Oh, my God.
This is a, a very exciting moment for those of us who are involved in the pilot game.
The, the brain was found complete with brain stem.
Now, it does, it does have a little bit of a, a little bit of a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a,
a little bit of damage to the revitalization of the company from part of the
game, right?
All of the components used to be the main core of our mission.
foliage necessarily to.
Current policy.
Exactly.
were right after in the Johnson administration.
Here I was 25 years ago in the fifth grade when I was behind this fence with a high-powered automatic rifle.
Oh, I just had a squirt gun. My dad wouldn't let me use his rifle van here that day.
He gave me a whole bunch of trouble about it.
There's a huge crowd here at Dealey Plaza on November 22nd.
A lot of media people wishing something would happen, us included.
A lot of cameras.
A lot of idiots.
And a lot of...
The lady's taking our picture now. We're the gunmen behind the fence for her.
Firing media shots at every living thing.

A man who's a living or dead president who might drive by in body or ghost.
Well, this is one of those things that if it hadn't happened, someone would have had to have made it happen.
Something has happened in the motorcade.
Something has happened in the motorcade!
Twenty-five years have passed since the effect of bullets...
Hey, hey! Look out!
No!

I think I'm gonna fall down the stairs!
No, you don't have to.
Hey, watch out guys.
Shoot your own direction, streaming only on your examination cluster.
I should do a pause and read something about it.
Oh, a boring dialogue both.


But it's just to watch your昼
I'm a passing motorcade at 11 miles an hour.
Such a gently speed, 11 miles an hour.
At the time of place of greed, let's pull that limousine down.
I'm a passing motorcade at 11 miles an hour.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

The harbor was made to order.
A rider collected a drifter and a barter.
Oh, one kind of version I passed.
America was happy.
The Brexit had been cast.
And he lived.
11 miles an hour.
Such a deadly speed.
11 miles an hour.
At the time of place of greed.
Let's pull that limousine down.
I'm switched on my speed.
Left her like a shower at 11 miles an hour.
11 miles an hour.
Yes, dear friends.
11 miles an hour.
Yeah.
whoa.
Oh, and Paul's shirt is not rvy.
Was.
Was not was?
Yeah, damn right.
No was.
Yes.
And you know what?
Right.
Yeah.
On this Kennedy thing.
And we're going to keep talking, but we're going to keep chasing the gunman tonight.
A fascinating surprise.
The ніJá numerous.
a new era in collective mythology. With the ritual sacrifice and slaughter of John F. Kennedy,
35th President of the United States, the conspiracy nailed the door shut on its reputation as well as
the hopes of an entire generation. History was once again successfully captured from those to
whom it happened. Can we ever forget the grim pre-empting of an entire day's worth of valuable
network time, the muffled drums, the heavy thud as the conspiracy dropped their review copy of the
Rusty Warren Commission on our heads? The murderers were so sure of themselves that they issued a
steady stream of press releases about their involvement in Dallas. In spite of this open
bragging, there has been no executive reaction. Nobody really cared. We lost our faith on that
long ago, warm November afternoon out on the greasy knoll that overlooks the plaza. There were
the tourists on the banked hill, the whole crowd turning as one at the sound of the first shot,
solemn and respectful, women red-eyed and tearful, men in their dark suits, still and uncomfortable
under the hot television lights. We stared angrily into the black limousine that day and cursed the
merciless and unintelligible God. We must look deep within our bleeding hearts to see the
ichor of false patriotism no longer clogs our diseased and cholesterol-lined arteries. We must
ask ourselves over and over again and again how many more senseless media specials can be milked
out of our tragic national anguish, and what is our percentage? And most of all, we must
remember to keep that shining, irresponsible vision of the future unsullied by the mudmen of
the past and the madmen of the present. For the next 60 minutes, sit back, open your bowels,
and experience an astral recreation of the events surrounding this most mysterious of
international crime. From the sneering lips of Zorchtron, the malevolent crystal star being,
channeled through the voice of Mrs. Adel Goldstein, KNON's resident Midnight Psychic.
The Church of the Subgenius is not responsible for fractures of interdimensional consciousness, cellular
oral incontinence, nor personal violence resulting from close contact with the macro-verse of pain and retribution.
It's terrible. There's so much for that macro-verse of pain and retribution. Where's my background music?
Do these microphones worth? Yeah, they'll work good enough. Good enough for subgenius work, dear friends.
I can just barely hear what's going on, but that's all right. It's been a long week, folks. One and a half weeks ago,
I actually finished that damn book, put it in the mail, and got on an airplane an hour later.
went to Ohio preached every damn night came back during the American Airlines
strike went to see the JFK assassination symposium to cover it for New Republic
magazine met with Reverend Susie the floozy for the rituals took a fall on my
broken back porch and re broke my old broken foot put on their stomping boot
got a fever big slack man thank Dobbs for old tapes puzzling evidence and
reference Susie the floozy and her better half Lamar Waldron the actually
the Reverend Rex reverb the surfy mystic I'm fighting the bad sound effects that
are hopefully only in my headphones
yes friends are reverend Susie the floozy is in town again the conspiracy
researchers wet dream Gary Shaw himself described her as the expert on the
goods the assassination conspiracy scandals of course the they're the
primary focus of the research at this point turning into an art form he also
Gary Shaw's
called you the bridge between the coops and the non and a lot of people walk me
so what were your now when you were re baking that prairie squid last night you
told me about some series of recipes that you put together for Lamar on Patsy
Day Oh
three so yeah I mean a wedding the beginning of the Holyños day which is
a ISOP
work time and summer so I throw his birthday party when ever what ever time
of the year so I picked Lee Harvey Oswald a tap today november 24th one
year and we had we had chocolate mint cookies that was a rush to fudge mint
and chicken wings it came off or the single pull it every another time I mean
that'sikan
bull's eyes out of ham cream cheese and asparagus oh it was so nice oh that's adam's family values
and jfky jelly too
dan you guys had like a extra kennedy brain as a doorstop or something
well i made cabbage a la kennedy you cut it in half and then vigorously chop up one half of it
and then when hubby comes home you raise the lid on the steaming tureen and say why
look the left hemisphere is virtually intact
can you hear the music in the background i brought that in especially for you
bob gave us that music actually actually it's a connie's favorite record it's called moods
mood for 12. oh i'm in the mood for 12.
oh god yeah we probably better move on to something else
number 13 on deck
hey november 22nd call us
let us know
let's talk to an important caller now
hello you're on the air
hey hey mr bob bob
get this guy out of here
we're talking about a matter of national importance
we're talking about matters beyond human understanding
yes beyond that thin book called hawaiian medical practices
yes you can see that
well stepping off that bridge of a bowl onto the tarmac
now we're out in ebba beach
now they're putting plastic flowers around the president designates thick neck
and his white beams on in the background
those are the secret service mail
it was enough to make me cry
now the next float represents uh i think this is is this bullwinkle the moose no where are the horns uh
it's i think opus the penguin from the famous skip blue county my god there's a terrorist
he's firing from the nose of the penguin everybody down it's impossible to see
we can't see it
not again mrs kennedy's been hit again
and she doesn't even notice anymore
at least this one will find out again
no tragedy
but our 50th state was used as the staging area for an assassination
which will live in infamy in american history
a terrified mom shocking story i'm going to go to the hospital
i'm pregnant with jfk's space baby
i'm carrying a dead president's baby sobbed a terrified mom to be who is desperately pleading for god to save her unborn child
from being sacrificed in the name of national politics
the cia plans to kidnap my child and sacrifice it on an altar during a sinister black mass to celebrate the inauguration of george bush
said goodwin t 34
the fbi told me that my poor baby would be hung upside down and have its throat cut
they would then collect this duo of the gods and satanic goblets and use it to kill me

and that's the return of the kinder gentler nation
the described woman's nightmare began several months ago when she was kidnapped by a flying saucer in melrose utah
during the night shift at the 7-eleven where she was just getting off work
i was about to unlock my car when this glowing ufo flew over the parking lot and
shone a beautiful reddish orange light on me
and my mind was filled with heavenly kawaiian
the next thing i knew i was naked strapped to a pulsating flesh-like table
while tiny horrible space creatures with big friendly eyes
it exists
our reporter has broken up an emotion at the sight of this horrible scene
aliens played by how robin's corporate
just when i thought i couldn't take it anymore
i felt gentle hands start to massage my neck
and when i turned around there was jfk
i can tell you it really set me back
i was still
he had been my favorite president since i was a little girl
well i guess i was a little girl

i was scared and i let him comfort me a little too much if you know what i mean
after it was over they brought me back to the parking lot like nothing had ever happened
took off without even so much as a goodbye
the next day i found out i was preggers and then the calls from the cia began
a dear john letter eh
they said that the only way to return the soul of jack kennedy's son to its rightful home alone the stars was by murdering my baby said the frightened woman
that first eerie call was followed by countless others all concerning our unearthly connection to the world
the first time i heard of jack kennedy's son's death was a
it was a total misconception her home has been burglarized and vandalized and she even had a complete tax audit going back to 1963 even though she was only a child at that time
anthropologist leon swain an english ufo researcher has called for a multinational investigation and full disclosure to the public i'm as excited as anybody at the thought of another cute kennedy kid especially after all these years but i don't think we scientists should look at things through rose kennedy colored glasses
and then all of a sudden that afternoon we were sitting we lost all our business as a result of the assassination
we were sitting at the table where the waiters sit during their breaks and one of the guys went out there wasn't any radio in the place and we couldn't find out what was going on we were all very eager for news
one of the waiters came walking back into the place he was creole and he spoke like kind of a funny kid
he said they found the guy who did it and i said uh i said oh what was his name he says i don't remember he says it was uh son of a gun it was a funny name he says what's up he uh he went he was a marine who went to russia for two years i thought i knew him i was in the rains with him
oswald that was easy then i was i was then i was i was very proud of him i thought my god that's great you know he uh
he actually went out and did something like he did why he did it though what did you feel like oh okay i was going to ask did you feel like he did what he wanted what did had he fulfilled something that you saw in the marine corps because he wasn't for one thing i i took him to be the marxist that he told me he was at the time i didn't examine a lot of the contradictions and what he was saying to me like to read 1984
and it was like
uh

there was a well of course touches on right mind control which is do you think oswald was uh was it
just slicing the pie of mine i think i'm an android i think oswald was an android i think we're both
mine we were both mind control victims i think that i think what happened was like they captured
a bunch of german scientists after the war that were in the mind controls cia got a bunch of them
and kgv got a bunch of them i think they begin comparing notes and they begin to say my god this
is this is heavier than atomic power what are we going to do with this this is a lot heavier than
we're going to do with it i think they uh began experimenting on selected subjects i think i was
one of them i think oswald was one of them i began to experience audio hallucinations when i was in
that outfit with oswald they went on for the rest of my life for about 10 years i thought they were
i thought they were spiritual experiences i got into edgar casey and i was
always writing down my dreams and they were always coming true and it was like
i just got so much into that world view that i couldn't imagine a materialist universe any
longer and then one day i begin to find out more and more about mind control and difference uh
he's been shot he's been shot he's been shot lee oswald has been shot he's been shot he's been shot
he's been shot
don't forget for dallas but dallas won't be soon forgetting me
i've been up in fort worth and brownsville stranded in el paso
pay for taxes can be for me hey i ricocheted over connolly and then i hit kennedy and then i hit
connolly and then he and kennedy
then he and connolly then he and kennedy and i'm gonna bounce
and do the bullet bounce
doing a bullet ¡oss!
Doing the Dallas Bullets illust!
Do the
doing the daily plans
a
xx
bullet bounce!
Really Playing 11 is awesome. Do the jet plane now. Do Wow! Call us today!
Lee Harvey was a friend
of mine.
I was born in Dallas
in 1952.
Lee Harvey moved across the street
on Beckley Avenue.
He used to throw the ball to me
when I was just a kid.
They say he shot the president
I don't think he did.
And Lee Harvey was a friend
of mine.
He used to take me fishing
all the time.
He used to throw the ball to me
when I was just a kid.
They say he shot the president
I don't think he did.
I seen that picture of him
with pamphlets and a gun.
The shadows are pointing
every which way
but there's only just one son.
Someone take that photo
and snuck away.
And if they say he shot
the president
I don't think he did.
And Lee Harvey was a friend
of mine.
He used to take me fishing
all the time.
He used to throw the ball to me
when I was just a kid.
They say he shot the president
I don't think he did.
I don't think he did.
I seen it all on TV
Lee Harvey got gunned down.
Murdered by Jack Ruby
the biggest sleaze in town.
He stuck that gun into his ribs
and said here's looking at you kid.
Ruby killed Lee Harvey.
Harvey TV proof he did
And the old
G was a friend
Of all
Of all
He used to take me
Fishin' all the time
That's right, he did
He used to
Throw the ball to me
When I was just
A kid
They say
He shot the
President
I don't think
He
Did
Oh, yes
Oh, yes
Dear friends
And, well, we'll stop
There and let our little tape
Roll down towards the end
For right now
And
We'll just relax
And
I finally
Got the headphones figured out
So, it'll be all right
I hope
It'll be all right
Are you all right?
Reverend Susie
Oh, and that was
Well, our good friend
Reverend Jay Cotton
You know, he shouldn't be down here today
If I thought about it
We should have called him up
And had him come on down
That nasty boy
Oh, he's so evil
And
Yeah, Lee Harvey was a friend of mine
We always
Well, this is our traditional
Kennedy Day show
We do
You know, as our regular hour
Of Slack listeners will
Recognize
We have certain holidays
We always just rerun the same shows
Christmas, Halloween, and Kennedy Day
Kennedy
Kennedy
And in two days you have Patsy Day
It's like Christmas Eve and Christmas
With a day in between
Hey, Lamar
Was there any wonderful new news
Regarding, I mean, anything new
That's been released
That I didn't hear about at the convention
Down there at the symposium?
Let's see
Well, suitable for this show
In all those documents being released
There's a letter from George DeMorenshield
Oswald's good buddy
DeMorenshield was this big-time engineer
And suave, sophisticated white Russian type
And this is a good buddy of his
And it's this letter that's been declassified
That George DeMorenshield apparently wrote
And I've just read about it
Haven't seen it
To his good buddy, George
Who says, to my good friend, George Bush
Wow
And of course, George Bush's phone number
Was in George DeMorenshield's
Phone book, address book
After DeMorenshield was
Was murdered, killed
Committed suicide
Even as he was getting ready to be questioned
By the House Select Committee investigation
So, I mean, just little things like that
More Dallas police files
That somehow never made it to the Warren Commission
Or the House Select Committee
So it's just
Oh, the old briefcase
Full of pics
Yeah, so there's all sorts of just neat little stuff
Photographs of the rifle being found
And things that Dallas police officers
Made copies of and salted away
And otherwise the evidence just disappeared
And now these guys in their old age
They're putting it out in books
And it's good to get the stuff out
Well, it's like dinosaur skeletons, you know
They're just gonna keep digging up new ones
We hope
And of course extinction
Can be serious, dear friends
Oh
Yes, yes we have an actual
A real Kennedy researcher
In here tonight
That's Lamar Waldron
I am a real
Terrible national tragedy
Only those who have
Hearts of stone
Can snicker and titter
At this terrible event
Who goes for
John Dunn
John Dunn
Picking his nose in front of the state carpet
I'm picking his nose in front of the state carpet
Hail to the people in triumph and fancies
God bless me, the ever-been kind
Hail to the people in triumph and fancies

...opposed in counts of possible
Pound action against Oswald
Someone said there is strong feeling
From the state in that direction
What's that about?
Ah yes
What a horrible
Horrible show this is, dear friends
I know it's horrible
I know the subject matter
Oh well that's what I am
I'm a disturbed about
I don't blame you, Jack
Believe me, it is not that I am against people imitating me
It is not that I am against people imitating me
It is just that he's misusing the language
He has me saying Cuber instead of Cuber
It's not funny
It's not funny
It's not funny
Not funny.
Everybody knows that there is a vast difference between Cuba and Cuba.
I don't see what's so funny about that either.
I've just been informed by the Department of Health, Welfare and Education
that in certain schools in this country, the children are spelling Cuba, C-U-B-E-R.
Now you know that's not right.
That is not right.
I see what you mean, Jack, and I'm behind you 100%.
We're all behind you, Jack, 100%.
I think that there's no question that had Oswald been tried, he would have been acquitted.
That does not mean to say that I'm certain he is innocent.
But certainly his guilt has not been proven.
And a whole vast series of episodes and activities raise serious questions in my mind
as to whether or not some two months before the assassination,
an effort may have been underway to frame the early officer.
My fellow citizen, it means my eyes, my dear.
It gets murkier and murkier, dear friends.
I love it.
Me too.
Now, let's see.
Now we'll go through my little notes.
See, this is how article writers.
No, Doug, the crowd is really picking up again.
Of course, the thirst for blood is, they're riled up here.
Was it at 1225 or 1125?
Boy, you got me.
Doug, I tell you.
But I think the crowd here is ready to see some action.
I think they are ready to see some brain fragments splattered across the street.
At least in retrospect, if nothing else.
It's a lovely thing, a beautiful thing.
It's what it makes.
What makes America.
Right.
You know, love of spectacle.
It's a meaning.
Yes, it brought meaning into our lives.
Hi, Mom.
Whatever time it was, it meshed.
It meshed.
It sure did.
It meshed.
The ritual was complete.
Takeover happened and they live.
And they are here today in record numbers.
Yeah, this is looking out.
Here from the grassy knoll.
You see a huge crowd, probably about the same size as the crowd here 25 years ago.
Probably so.
Just about the same, but a lot more cameras than there were then.
It's a damn shame we don't have more angles on that incredible pornography shot.
Abraham Zapruder on that day, which so many Americans have.
Oh, boy.
Two weeks on TV.
Even my little kids drawing pictures of presidents getting their heads blown off.
I just think the way new technology has let us see the president's head being blown up is just, it's a miracle.
It's a wonderful miracle of technology.
I guess at this point we'll just hobble on out of here.
Looks like the guys with the big cameras, they have the stage, really.
Get all this footage.
I was kind of hoping somebody would throw some firecrackers.
I think we got the important footage.
We got the last living witness.
Only we know where President John F. Kennedy really is.
At least where the brain is.
The brain is driving a taxi cab in Argentina.
Well, that gets rid of him pretty quick, doesn't it?
See, there was a TV camera pointed at us while we were saying that.
When I said the brain was driving a cab in Argentina, she turned away because they don't want people to know.
That's right.
It's a cover-up.
They don't want, there's no way.
Massive cover-up.
It's just, it's dangerous knowledge.
And frankly, the only way to throw suspicion off yourself is to tell the truth because it sounds so ridiculous, so insane, that they'll let you live.
He came down the street.
They came, see this is the null part.
See, they came down this street right over here.
And they turned on that one and came over here and then took a left on this one.
And when they got about to the, where that, see that post right there?
You can see the left.
That's the window Oswald was in.
Up there.
It's the second one from the left.
The second one from the top.
Is it the third one?
I don't know the second one.
Well, the other guy was in the third one.
Yeah.
And supposedly there was another guy up here in the Daltex building.
This building right up here.
The umbrella man was giving signals right down here somewhere.
Calling Mr. Oswald.
Calling Mr. Oswald.
Well, anyway, the point is, is that, however, a lot of the kinds of things that people have brought up,
about the Warren Commission and about the Kennedy assassination,
have sort of gotten tilted off into this area, the area of the fringe participants.
And as we stated at the earlier part of the show, and as we're going to prove conclusively next week,
um, the fringe has very little to do with it.
Although, as with any event of any magnitude, fringe groups have become attracted to it.
And I don't know anything about Mr. Thornley other than what we've talked about here.
But, uh, fringe groups certainly are attracted to events of this magnitude.
However, as we stated before at the beginning of the show, you either believe in the Warren Commission,
or you believe in the laws of physics, and there are no, uh, two sides to that particular street.
It is strictly a one-way voyage.
Anyway, so I hope that we can put the Church of the Subgenius to bed with that.
In fact, why don't we formally do it? I'll, I'll stay right here.
If you want to talk about the Church of Subgenius, call up Bob Nelson and talk to him about it.
Don't bother us with that nonsense anymore.
Call the Church of the Subgenius. Anyway, back to the phone.
I thought, uh, bringing the crowd's all right.
Oh, what the hell was that?
That's the wave.
Well, uh, what I understand is how you got in.
I was in the Marines with Oswald.
You knew him personally?
Yes. We were in, uh, Marine Air Command Squadron 9 together at, uh, a subsidiary of, uh,
a tall Marine base called LPA at that time.
That was before he went to Russia?
Yes, uh, spring of 1959.
You're actually serious about this, it sounds to me.
I thought that you were just joking.
That's the central mystery of my life.
No, no.
I wish I was, too.
Whenever you hear guests on this show, they're real. We're not making dough.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's Cary Thornley on TV.
It might be early, but sometimes, sometimes it's like, uh,
I become almost heathen-frenic about it because it's so incredible that people listen to you if they think you're joking until they finally find out that you aren't, you know?
Right.
Uh, I talked to a man in New Orleans, uh, actually in Harahan, Louisiana was where most of our conversations took place.
Between 1961 and 1963, a man that at the time I didn't take very seriously because he repeated himself a lot.
He seemed like maybe he, his mind wasn't together.
He seemed extremely paranoid. He believed in conspiracies.
Uh, he came on like a Nazi. I was afraid of him.
One of the things he said to me once was, uh, he said,
Don't you think the next war against communism, instead of being against Cubans who are white people because they're of Spanish descent and haven't mixed with the Indians very much,
ought to be against, uh, an Oriental race?
I sat there and I said yes.
I didn't want to become a star in one of the snuff movies.

He'd also discussed with me.
Uh, this man talked to me about assassinating Kennedy.
I talked to him about assassinating Kennedy many times.
Oh, Dad.
And it was like, I didn't even realize any of it was relevant until the Watergate thing broke.
And in about 1975, I became what seemed to me at the time extremely paranoid.
After bending over backwards not to be paranoid for years.
Even though I'd come to believe that, uh,
the assassination of Oswald was a conspiracy and the murder of Kennedy was a conspiracy.
Um, it was like, uh,
it was something at the time that just seemed too paranoid to even think about.
And I think about this business about causing a war to happen.
And somewhere like Southeast Asia instead of Cuba.
Because maybe the Russians still had missiles in Cuba.
And maybe, uh, they made an agreement with like Nazis in Huntsville, Alabama or somewhere.
Uh, not to make, not to invade Cuba.
So I go around with a little rubber stamp now that says, uh,
that says, uh, NASA-Soviet, racist NASA-Soviet coup.
I have, I've got such a problem in communicating.
I don't have any communications anymore that people think that I'm advocating a racist NASA-Soviet coup.
Uh-uh.
So how did, how did you find subgenius?
Uh, Ken, Ken Vanars gave me some stuff.
And he says, this is something like the 12 famous Buddha minds.
And, or one way or another he implied that.
Uh, I said, all right.
When you're confronted with a serious, serious subject like the Kennedy assassination
with as much information that's available on it.
And instead, you know, what you want to talk about is that what interests you is the church of the subgenius.
Well, you know, don't complain when you see what goes on.
Because frankly, you know, the church of the subgenius is nonsense.
I mean, it's triviality.
It has no significance, uh, for any, anything that anybody's going to care about.
Now what's, there's, I know there's some more.
Daltex building.
This building right up here.
The umbrella man was giving signals right down here somewhere.
Calling Mr. Oswald.
Calling anyone at the scene of you.
Taking all the hooters.
There's a chance you might have seen him.
There's a thousand variations of every witness in a file.
Jennifer would send some copy.
And she comes back with a smile.
Says, I hear that South America is coming out of style.
More news today from Dobstown.
The recent political unrest was quelled yesterday by a force 10 monsoon of devastating proportions.
It all but leveled into China.
Our special Dobstown correspondent,
Alec J. Hidel, is on the line via shortwave radio.
Uh, Mr. Hidel, I understand your friends call you Lee?
That is correct, yeah.
Satellite photos confirm the Mele Peninsula and surrounding regions have been scoured clean by Typhoon Connie.
The devastation is absolutely stunning.
Not so much as a crappy black and white portable TV or a clock radio seem to have been spared.
In order to give a clear and concise and short answer to each question,
I would say that the facts and figures from a country like Pakistan or Burma would even reflect more light upon how many television sets and how many radios and all that.
This, I do not think, is something to be discussed tonight.
The most frightening aspect of this is that Connie took most of the 93 frop crop back out to sea with her.
How is Dobstown holding up under this incredible pressure?
Well, I think that's a good question.
Well, in any country emerging from a semi-colonial state and embarking upon reforms which require a diversification of agriculture,
you're going to have shortages.
As for public sentiment at that time, I think even at that time, even before the revolution,
there were rumblings of official comment and so forth from government officials.
We are, however, not particularly interested in what the latest members of the government are saying.

I think that's what the leaders of the rightist organizations have to say.
It's very convenient for rightist organizations to drag out this or that literature of reporting to show a fact which has not been established in law.
It sounds like you've been having trouble from all sectors.
What about the conspiracy efforts to close down the home for slackless children?
Have they succeeded?
We have been investigated from several points of view.
That is, points of view of taxes, allegiance, subversion, and so forth.
The findings have been, as I say, absolutely zero.
With the Soviets out of the way, right-wing elements such as Pat Buchanan and Rush Limbaugh maintain that Dobstown will be the site of the next Red Scare.
Is that poppycock or mere balderdash?
We are not at all communist-controlled, regardless of the fact that we have been investigated, regardless of any of those facts.
Our aims and our ideals are very clear.
And in the best interest of the people, we are not.
We are keeping with American traditions of democracy.
Well, Lee, I've got to tell you, you're still a folk hero back here in the States.
Oh, faking your own murder and hiding out for 30 years.
Has it really been worth it?
Well, that is, of course, very provocative, and I question, I don't think it requires an answer.
But you turned your back on a promising career in stand-up comedy.
People are still raving about your lounge act.
And the last one, the one out at the Sands in Vegas,
the Pinocchio bit where you tell these outrageous lies.
Republicans are not a, well, Republicans are an established political party representing a great many people.
They represent no radical point of view.
They do not have a very violent and sometimes emotional opposition as we do.
Oh, stop it, stop it, I'm running.
Oh, ha, ha, ha.
Mmm, truly funny men like you are just all too rare.
We are in a monarchy, Shirley.
Lee, you sound like a guy who likes to really swing.
That's one of our main points.
We are for that.
Hey, forget all this ideological we stuff.
I want to know more about you.
Oh, yeah, you, baby.
There's just something about a man-licker carcano man.
Oh, all of us Uber drivers.
We're just a bunch of
Oh, you're our favorite Patsy since Patsy Clive.
We even started a fan club dedicated to you, sugar.
Uh, the honorary chairman of this committee, the name of that person, I certainly don't know.
Oh, it's the reverend Suzie the floozy, honey.
It's me.
I'm the captain of your love boat.
Oh, come on.
Give me your number and I'll be there in a snap.
Uh, well, as I, uh, well, I will answer that question directly then since you will not rest until you get your answer.
Ooh, baby, I'll take the Concord to get there to you.
You're the hottest thing since Coral of Pandit, honey, and I've got to have you.
Take me, lone gunman.
Ooh, give me an address so I'll have something to give the cabbie when I land.
There's a signed operating procedure for a cabbie.

It's a political organization consisting of a, uh, political minority, uh, to safeguard the names and the number of its members.
Well, if that's the way you feel, forget it.
Well, I never, and I probably never will at this rate.
Hey, Stang, where's Jack Ruby's number?
Uh, I think we've got it back here somewhere.
Oh, look at that.
We get three flashes and then, uh, the lights come back on.
They have screaming sirens.
And then Jack Ruby's standing in front of you.
Mm-hmm.
Uh...
Instructions on bath taking.
And the conscience of America finally rose up to confront even the President of the United States.
I would have never been a quitter.
Okay, that's my dad.
He wanted to go. My return was complete.
That was a family tape.
Sir.
Okay, so what we'd like is a little information for the court so that we may be able to decide
your participation in this crime or event or celebration as the court deems it.
It is very easy to understand.
He bites the lower cortex...
Is this the tape we're seeing now, Judge?
...and rips the medulla oblongata out with his teeth.
Judge!
Judge, give me that.
Yes.
Okay, peck some.
It may seem strange, but the nutritive effects are most beneficial.
This is a car with a mass confusion, a crawling and a kiting.
There's the police official.
Who is he?
Jack Ruby.
Jack Ruby?
Ruby.
He runs the Carousel Club?
Right there.
Where was he in the motorcade?
He was directly behind the presidential vehicle on the left, excuse me, right side of the car.
On the, in the...
That's right.
It looks like he would have glanced off the limousine.
He was, uh...
I told you his name, but I can't remember those.
This one hit him only.
Well, it looked like he jumped into the car, but there was another agent who pushed him onto the car when the car sped away.
Would you write me, please, at Box 1465?
45.
Better yet, hang on to your name and get in touch.
Is that all?
We're out of time.
For the sake of the people that would like to get more information...
Somebody's firing 122 rockets into the center of the city now, and they're not kidding.
I'm with you.
Right.
He was staying up here filming it.
Supposedly, uh, there was, uh, a bunch of people over here, or somebody over there saw a guy with a gun, and he asked him what he was doing, and he said he was with the Secret Service.
Either that was back here or it was over behind that center.
But he had a .30-30 with him.
Yeah.
Yeah, the Secret Service.
And, uh...
Long distance.
And he flashed identification and everything, you know?
And, uh...
And there were three invisible green energy beamings hovering directly at him.

Exactly overhead.
Not only that, but there was a, uh, a clown that nobody knew about.
Yeah, a clown.
And a crutch.
Yeah, a crutch.
Clown sniper.
Gun.
Crowds, and just anybody.
They're just, they're compelled to do what they're programmed to do.
And when you flash anything and say, you know, ID, you can go like this.
Yeah.
And they'll take...
They'll see, uh, an ID, a badge there when you do that.
Their mind will manufacture one.
It's weird.
But there was a lot of people who probably saw everything that went on.
And caused the, the whole bit with the Earl Warren Commission.
And the influence that the, like them guys flashing the badges had when they were here.
It's all just dispersed now, you know?
Yeah.
There's no way you can collect all that stuff again to, to make it sound, you know, normal at this time.
Well, but, uh...
It's logical.
...fake anti-war and important PSN people that were presuming other false assassins.
Yeah, right.
Yeah.
To pull off the real graphic.
Maybe that's what Doug Wellman is.
Oh, and this morning, depressed over your estrangement from a wife who views you as a dismal and pathetic failure,
you rose before dawn, kissed your sleeping children, put your last hundred dollars and your wedding ring into a Demetaz cup,
which Marina's mother gave you for a wedding present, and came here to kill yourself.
Who are you?
I'm your friend, Lee.
I don't have any friends.
Yes, you do. You just haven't met them yet.
Show me your badge.
Oh, what?
You bastards think you're so smart.
I know my rights.
You try to interrogate me in my place of business, I can sue you for harassment.
Ah, you think I'm with the FBI.
I have a right to see your badge.
Search me, Lee. You think I got a badge?
Come on, search me.
The FBI.
You really love those morons, don't you?
Hell, why wouldn't you?
No one else cares if you live or die.
Those guys can't get enough of you.
How was your day, Lee?
Selling your secrets to the Soviets?
Sabotage any defense plans?
Kick off your shoes?
Tell us all about who you are.
I'm sorry, Lee.
It's just so sad.
I mean, it's all you ever wanted, isn't it?
So much for the FBI.
Someone who won't leave you alone.
Someone who wants to hear about your day.
Someone, anyone.
Your mother.
Mother Russia.
The Marines.
Your wife, Marina.
Attention must be paid.
What's that mean?
It's from a play.
About a salesman.
A man very much like you.
Independent, proud.
A decent man who tries and tries but never gets a break.
So he does something dumb.
When things go really sour, when he realizes that his whole life has been a failure built
on lies, he kills himself.
He's a real man.








And when he's dead, his wife stands at his grave and says, attention must be paid.
She has to beg the world to pay attention to this poor, misguided nobody.
Tell you something, Lee.
I'm an actor.
And I'm a good one.
But Willy Loman is a part that I could never play.
And I don't think that you should play it either.
I don't know what you're talking about.
What do you want, Lee?
You know so much.
Why don't you tell me?
You want what everybody wants.
To be appreciated.
To be valued.
To be another person.








To make people's thoughts, for them to think of you and smile.
You want somebody to love you, Lee.
Right?
Isn't that it?
Lee.
Yes, forget it.
What?
It's never going to happen.
It's a fantasy.
You've got to give it up.
I'm going to kill myself.
Don't you think I've given it up?
No, I think you're going to kill yourself because you think that's how to get it.
When I'm dead, then they'll be sorry.
When I'm dead, they'll know how much they love me.
When you close your eyes.
You probably see the funeral, don't you, Lee?
A gentle rain is falling.
Everybody has umbrellas.
Shut up.
There's Marina weeping quietly.
You're sobbing children clutching at her skirt.
Your mom, your dad, every boss who ever fired you.
Sorry, Lee.
It's just so childish.
It's so dumb.
You think you're dumb?
If I shouldn't kill myself, then what should I do?
Go home?
Beg her to take me back?
Plead with her?
Beat her up?
You tried all that.
It doesn't work.
I know it doesn't work.
So tell me what I should do.
You should kill the president of the United States.
What?
His plane landed at the airport.
He was in a hurry.

He was here 15 minutes ago.
He's coming into town to make a speech.
His motorcade is going to go right past this window.
When it does, you shoot him.
You're nuts.
Maybe I am.
So what?
I didn't come here to shoot the president.
He didn't come here to get shot.
All your life, you've been a victim, Lee.
A victim of indifference and neglect.
Of your mother's scorn, your wife's contempt, of Soviet stupidity, American injustice.
You finally had enough.
So how are you planning to get even?
By becoming your own victim.
I am not a murderer.
Who said you were?







You just said I should kill the president.
Lee, when you kill a president, it isn't murder.
Murder is a tawdry little crime.
It's born of greed or lust or liquor.
Adulterers and shopkeepers get murdered.
But when a president gets killed, when Julius Caesar got killed, he was assassinated.
And the man who did it, Brutus.
Ah, you know his name?
Brutus assassinated Caesar, what, 2,000 years ago?
And he is a high school dropout with a $1.25 an hour job in Dallas, Texas, who knows
who he was.
And they say, famous people.
Boy, you expect some lies.
This is stupid up here on the sixth floor.
All what I do, throw school books at them?
What's in the package?
What package?
The package that you brought to work.
What's in it?
Curtain rods.
Oh, just a show.
Shut up, Sean.
Marina wanted me to take them.
Just a little show in this package full of curtain rods.
And what a nasty show it is, dear friends.
And you can get worse things than this show from the Church of the Subgenius, believe
it or not.
There's actually quite a bit that's the printed word and the visible word.
And I'd like to give you the post office box number to write to for free information.
Of course, a self-addressed stamped envelope would make it even more free for us.

You'd probably get more.
And just write to b-b-b-Bob, won't you?
At post office box 140306 in beautiful Dallas, Texas.
Yes, where we teach them to shoot at presidents and at people who shoot at presidents.
75214.
And thank you, Lamar.
Thank you, Bob.




And Susie for coming down to the show.
So nice for you to have us.
And Susie is a lot to have, dear friends.
The questioning and the satire of the subgeniuses, the stupidists, the satirists, surrealists,
those who dare to stumble on their own thoughts, hobbling along on the questions.
Or their own bricks.
Or their own bricks of their belief.
The bricks of their beliefs.
That's us, dear friends.
That's the subgeniuses.
And we're, I guess I should.
Well, that's just not who he thinks.
I should explain what you're listening to here.
This is, of course, the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack with your host, Reverend Ivan
Stang.
And I'd like to, of course, this show is not normally about the assassination of John
F. Kennedy.
We just happen to have come to the show to talk about the assassination of John F. Kennedy.





And I'd like to welcome you back from a lovely convention about that thing.
And so that's the focus tonight.
You can get other information about the Church of the Subgenius beyond its involvement in
the Kennedy assassination by way of Kerry Thornley, Oswald's Marine roommate, by writing
to our post office box for free information.
And that box number is, got that pencil ready, Lee?
It's box 140307.



And that's Bob at Dallas, Texas, PO Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
