Oh, baby, baby, don't try that no more
Cause I'm hip to your driving down the road I go
Listen to me, people, try to understand
You can't get good from evil, so do the best you can
I want to tell you people, please try to understand
You know you can't get good from evil, so do the best you can
You know I'll hustle down in Texas, wait till you come
Successful investing and money management may sound complicated,
especially in this tricky technological world of ours.
But there are many investment opportunities which you are probably unaware of.
You can create interest and excitement as you learn more about investing and money management.
You can rip the cover off that old investment of yours
and decant a brand new spanking clean one,
like an embryo first delivered from the shell.
Now you know most people will always be impoverished
and they will always be in the middle of their own skepticism.
It's their own stick in the mud tail dragging alligator sagging dragging tail that holds them back.
They will always refuse to dream the big dream
or reach, grab, clutch and palpate the brass ring in life.
I hope you have decided to achieve something special, something more with your life.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to call?
Many times.
Try it. Come on.
Oh, I'd better get that. I think I'm going to have to call the police.
I think this young lady is interested in my real estate seminar.
I'm always interested in signing up the troll free youth of today.
666.
666.
Unhobbled and trembled by trolls as our own generation was.
It'll be the most excitement we've had in a long time.
This exciting young slacker something generation is on the beam and on the ball.
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slacks.
Sponsored by the church of the subgenius.
Welcome dear friends to the subgenius hour of slacks.
лож oldwebit
was
go
The is
part
claiming
I'm building my honky-tonk on the moon
I'll fly you there by jet-propelled balloon
One-eyed monsters may parade it
But the Russians won't invade it
So come on up to my honky-tonk on the moon
Yeah, I'm building my honky-tonk on the moon
If you're lonely, you'll be happy pretty soon
The clock machines will be pailed
And the jukebox will be flared
And there'll be a lot of moonshine on the moon
There'll be lots of pretty women
And there'll be a given
There'll be a lot of moonshine on the moon

Lonely men
Everyone will fall in love
And there'll be a glow above
In that honky-tonk I'm building on the moon
Yeah, I'm building my honky-tonk on the moon
And the swinging doors will open pretty soon
So if you're a lonely person
Come on in and stop your hurting
In that honky-tonk I'm building on the moon
So if you're a lonely person
Come on in and stop your hurting
In that honky-tonk I'm building on the moon
For that honk-tonk I'm building on the moon
I slipped the...
Uhh yes uh huh huh huh
Uh, Honky Tonk, uh, Tavern
Or Honky Tonk on the Moon by George Lupus there
Now let's uh, get our balances
Straight here
Are we getting there?
I guess so
Uh...
Close enough for subgenius work
Ah yes dear friends
It's so good to be back in the barrel again
I mean the saddle
The saddle
On this brother-buckin'-bronco of a show
Man, it's been four shows for you
But only two weeks for me, friends
Two weeks in the crucible of finishing
Or else losing the new subgenius work
And we did it!
Yes, we finished the final layout of the last page of the last chapter
And it looks so cool
That even I can't believe it
Now theoretically it'll hit the stores in November
And you'll see, friends, that I would not lie to you
Regarding how intense this thing looks
Ha ha ha ha ha
We'll make millions, millions, friends!
K-millions!
Uh...
Well, to backtrack
Two weeks or four shows ago
I was informed
That the Revelation X book project
Was cancelled by the publishers
Just because we had run too late over the deadline
And so I therefore had to return the last half of the advance money
And never see the book published
Uh...
For you see, dear friends
Uh...
Uh...
Saint Paul Mavridis, the designer
Had gotten very, very sick in August
Poor Paul Murren had been unable to keep up the inhuman pace of layout that I'd stuck him with
And also the California State Board of Equalization tax monsters were using him as a test case
In order to
RUUU!
All California cartoonists
And bail out their bankrupt state
Anyway, friends, there were five chapters left to go
Sixty pages of the kind of layout you cannot imagine until you see it
And uh...
Faced with potentially the worst disaster of my or anybody else's life or lives
I told the publishers
At Simon & Schuster
That I would see that the book was finished
In two weeks
And for...
I flew to San Francisco
And for eleven days
Work of truly heroic epic proportions
Was accomplished by Saint Paul, Dr. Howell, and myself
And not to mention the other forty contributors whose various pieces we were juggling
If Bob's stable of artists truly had to shovel their own
In this Herculean task
We worked twenty hour days
I kid you not
Living on coffee and vitamins
Barking and snapping at each other
And alienating all our friends
And on September 14th
My twenty-first wedding anniversary
Paul and I got the final master pages to Federal Express in downtown San Francisco
Five minutes before they closed
The book was saved
Dear friends, in fact, it makes the book of the subgenius look like a fanzine piece of trash by comparison
And we were kinda tired
So tonight we're recuperating, dear friends
We're taking it easy
It's... it's slack, baby
And uh... like puzzling evidence
We're gonna let Dr. Howell do most of the work tonight
Uh...
While I was toiling with the Bayerians
I didn't have time to do a show there
But uh... I at least came back with a good recording
Of a particularly clear and un-mudied Berkeley subgenius show
Starring Dr. Howell, Robbins, as well as a couple of tapes
Of the kind of music that these two definitively sick artists
Uh... Hal Robbins and Paul Mavridis
Who I was stuck with for two weeks
Like to listen to while they're...
Uh... let's call it cartooning
And you would think that underground cartoonists in San Francisco
Particularly ones known for the black and sardonic
Uh... Hume Hour
Which marks the subgenius materials
Would listen to some sort of hideous anti-music death rock industrial noise garbage
But no
No, these most...
Cynical and hilariously depressing of professional cartoonists
Listen to happy, cheerful, cartoon music
And uh... atrocious versions of idiotic hits
And obscure country western novelty tunes
And space age bachelor pad lounge music
And uh... so...
For the next two shows
I'll be mixing Dr. Howell's uh...
Tour de Forcey
From KPFA
With his and uh... Palmer's and Nenslow's collection of
Horrifyingly cute and cloying music
And I think you're gonna dig it man
And of course this being a subgenius show
Will also no doubt cut away to the Starwood
Live radio revival
With Gleepo in front of the naked witches
Where I preach from the new book a lot
And uh... Susie's Atlantis
A show from WREK
And uh... Philo's guest spot
And uh... mostly though I think
I'll let Dr. Howell take it away
And when you hear his creation mythology segment
You'll hear why
Praise...
The Dawgs








I'm so stupid
Yeah, that water is of a very low temperature
But she didn't want it to melt for a very good reason
I'm not so stupid
Do you want some of the uh...
Charred coffee at the bottom of the pot?
Well I never eat spinach and charred
Because of the potassium overload potential
Which you will find described in full detail
On page sixty four of my remarkable book
Which is absolutely free
For those who take the horns of the bowl of destiny
in their hands and vault over its head.
The gorgeous spectacle of Eat It Me Knowing.
Oh, we're going to break a lot of records here today, folks.
Hello, Marge.
This is Clifton.
How you doing, kiddo?
I guess you wondered where I've been for the last six months.
I never did bring that hamburger meat home, did I?
Well, you know, when I got to Higgins Market,
I was headed west and I just kept on going.
You know how set I am on getting somewhere in this music.
Now I'm in Vegas.
In all of Las Vegas.
You know, the fun city.
Are you ready for me, baby?
Listen, I'm working in a four-piece band out of Needles, California.
The band is called the Colorado River Wranglers.
Ain't that catchy?
I play rhythm and do most of the singing.
Oh, some of them around here say that I'm a dead ringer for Hank Williams.
I don't know if I am or not.
Well, in the band backing me up there behind me,
there's Lawrence Barnett on takeoff guitar,
Shady Mullins on the bass,
Hugh Lawson on drums,
and Russell Bailey on steel.
Russell just got him a brand new rig today.
And it's a dilly.
It's a double neck, four pickup,
nine pedals,
two knee lever jobs.
You can probably hear them in the background.
I'll turn the phone around a little.
Carol?
We just started tonight here at the Dew Drop Inn.
We're one of the few real country bands left.
Most of the rest of them are gone pop.
Oh, they call what they do country music, but it ain't.
Well, here's one boy that ain't going back on his raisin.
Hey, guess what?
I'm in the music world.
I'm a musician's union.
Yep.
I made it the first time I went down there.
I guess they could just tell by talking to me.
I guess they could just tell by talking to me.
And now another thing.
They tell me people ought to know that I've got to have a name in this business.
Well, they know my name was Clifton Harkness, but I guess it didn't sound like you'll pick...
Marge, you are now talking to Cigarette Milner.
No, Cigarette Milner.
No, Cigarette Milner.
Yeah, Cigarette.
Got a run to, got a run to.



ring to it, hadn't it? With a name like that, I ought to pack them in. Get it? Pack them in.
Why, I have them rolling in the aisles. Rolling. Let them watch my smoke. Now, baby, for that big
surprise, I'm gonna cut a record. It'll cost me $500, so I think you better stay on down in
the creamery till I get this thing going. Then you can tell old Wattenbarger to hang it. I know
he's giving you a bad time. When I get back there, I just might let him hold one, too. He's begging
for it. Now, send me all the money you can, baby. I'm gonna record that song of mine,
I Love You, Yes, I Do. You know that one I wrote in 15 minutes? Then I'm gonna do a new one I wrote
for you, baby. It's called I Got My Hands Full.
I just signed up for a new song, I love you, yes, I do.
I just signed up as an IBM writer. Well, you wouldn't understand all that. I ain't got time
now to explain it. I don't know what that'll set me back. I haven't got a bill from them yet.
Anyhow, whatever it takes me to get started won't amount to nothing compared to what I'll
be bringing in. Why, Marge, you'll be wearing jewelry as big as genuine diamonds. Your dad
said I never would make it, didn't he? Well, when I come back in a fancy outfit,
for a personal appearance, and people are clawing at one another just to get at me to touch my clothes,
tell him to keep his hat on so I'll know him. Hey, got the garden in yet? You can't ever tell
when I come breezing in, and you know I'm gonna want some fried okra. That ain't all I want either,
baby.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, kiddo, send me some money. This is old cigarette signing off.
Sayin' so long for now. Bye, baby.
Oh, yes, dear friends. Well, beautiful piece there by Cigarette Milner. Well, actually,
that's by Tommy Collins, called Cigarette Milner from the collection that Dr. Howell
gave me called Peckerwoods on Parade. Yes, we've got many a lovely Peckerwood tune, and
I'm going to sing it to you.

I guess our theme for tonight is big money. Yeah, big bucks through big entertainment,
like our book deal. We're gonna be rollin' in it pretty soon. I just know, I just know
it's gonna work out that way. Bob said so. Bob sold it, I smoked it, that settles it.
You know, it's a beautiful thing. And, well, let's go back to some more of Dr. Howell's
money management preachings.
After,
and during,
and, uh,
in the course of this message.
Uh, thank you.
You really need that seminar. It'll turn your life around.
You're not stupid enough to think I'm gonna let you get away with this, are you?
Uh, uh,
you wouldn't be stupid enough to pass up that bill after all we've been through, would you?
How, uh,
humanity
gained mastery over all the other creatures.
You mustn't tell them about us, Red Tire,
because they're not my friends.
They're friends.
But you're my friend, did you see?
Well, because I'm too stupid to give them a lead.
That's why I yelled for help.
You'll yell for help.
And then you have the benefit of my seminar.
You're making your noises, dear.
Yes, you'll tingle and quiver with pleasure,
as I lay upon you the story of true enlightenment in the financial world.
The financial body and the spiritual body are related.
They are fastened by an ectoplane.
They are plasmic and bulidous,
reaching from the tummy of one to the tummy of another.
And these two tummies are intertwined with financial solidarity.
I know it's not for anybody, you know.
Why your spending habits are so erratic.
It is because your etheric spiritual double does not have
Thank you, thank you.
does not have a sound sense of dollars and cents.
Huh?
of getting and spending.
The real world.
Well, are there any questions at this point?
Now, no one is allowed to go to the toilet during the seminar.

I'm sorry, what was that?
The videos are here.
Oh, yes. Well, we're going to watch the video entitled
Man, Dominator Over All.
Thank you, thank you. I'll thread it up.
That is to say, I'll...
Even the unknown sea creatures.
The hippocampus duchalatus.
Or common seahorse.
The hee-haw of the deep.
Yes, the suborder thoracostei.
Thank you. Thank you.
And order gastarothsi formes.
Family sin, anathidae.
Old hippo.
The seahorse.
Yes, a trifle, a trifle of a horse.
Yay!
Of course, of course.
But whoever heard of an aquatic horse?
Unless, of course, the aquatic horse...
Thank you, thank you very much. Thank you.
Thank you very, very much.
Man, you could have used that seahorse bit more.
They'd go nuts for it.
They like it. But in fact, the seahorse and all other creatures came from an egg.
A what?
An egg.
Yay!
Yes, egg.
Necessary in this world.
They make the world go round.
And are, like the earth itself, round.
Though some eggs are flat.
As some still believe the earth to be.
They're lying.
They're flat.
People often ask, as an idle question, whether the process of evolution began with the chicken or the egg.
It began with me.
Was there an egg out of which the first chicken came?
Or did a chicken lay the first egg?
Give up?
I'm in a position to state that the first thing created was the egg.
The great egg.

The great glistening egg.
In the center of the universe it gleamed and sparkled.
And now we jail them.
Its shells flung back the effulgence of the first surges of life in the young cosmos.
You know, they make a lot of eggs in Catalonia.
That's where I should be right now.
But I'm not.
Back in the egg, I'm afraid we can't return to the earth.
We can't return to the womb.
In our rocketing ride toward the tomb.
Go back to Ork.
I'm stuck in Berkeley and I can't get out.
Now listen closely and I'll explain some cosmic wisdom concerning the dread albuminites.
Or egg worshippers.
The Bavarian albuminati who pull the strings behind the scenes today.
That is.
If I can keep my sanity in this maelstrom.
Maelstrom or sound effects.
This hurricane of clattering voices that seems to drive my intellect and pre-emotion.
And run down inverse corridors of hexapodal magnets.
And the sound effects of the
In a building tall.
With a stone wall around.
There's a rubber room.
When a man sees things and hears sounds.
It's not fair.
He's headed for.
The rubber room.
Illusions in a town.

A twisted mind to save from self destruction.
It's the rubber room.
Where a man can run into the wall.
Till his strength makes him fall and lie still.
And wait for help.
In the rubber room.
From his blurry vision of blue.
The man in the room right next to mine.
Screams a woman's name.
Hits the wall in vain.
Says the rubber room.
I hear footsteps.
Steadies pounding on the floor.
Gotta hope they don't stop at my door.
I'm the rubber room.
Now they've come to get me.
But they find.
I'm screaming pretty words.
Trying to make them rhyme.
I'm in the rubber room.
With mycy paradoxically.
That they do what they will.
When the blue blood is останов.
lucid.
Yes here I am thinking.
Why does my razors
I just ran you over.
He's kind.
dear friends the rubber room by Porter Wagner yes the one and only Porter
Wagner and we're gonna get right on back into the evil of dr. Howell and his
howling
right things there from KPFA in Berkeley
he gets on into a sort of creation myth and we may not ever get to any of the
other types because it's so important that you learn this lesson
and it all now sometimes a thousand wrangling instruments about my news and
sometimes voicing my heart must continue heart medicine in hollow
and then there's the mattering and the chattering of the millions of verminous
roaches
between the walls and spaces between the spaces spaces spaces and another
locust came and carried away a grain of wheat and Pharaoh waxed raw he waxed his
legs and he waxed ed's big daddy wrong when God had manufactured
well I would tell you the secret of creation in time and space but it's just
so hard to do it over the percolating
meadow
and the
the tape until beneath our gracious fall far far far Franz and upon huge
belching reptiles rumble their empty belly
gosh why are you here
on horseback
actually I was
blood
you gonna

weirdest
time
yeah
in all this
you go
I'll
יפ
yeah
it
better
go
Here, in this first of a set of stomachs, one of God's finest creations, enormous boulders,
absentmindedly swallowed by the dim-witted beast, grind and crush the fern into a Fletcher-like
paste.
Then, the disgusting mass slips further on into the body of the behemoth, entering the
stomach, which radiates an incredible amount of heat.
Why, you might ask?
Yeah, why?
Because the stomach of these giant dinosaurs is full of sympathetic, symbiotic bacteria,
which perform the major action of digestion.
After these giant stones have...
Oh, hello, Doctor.
Oh, uh, yes, I'm here.
I can just see you at the end of my microscope, my boy.
Oh, yes, I'm here, too.
That means little color.
Yes, it does.
And little color waxed raw.
And, uh, I'm...

I'm just going to go ahead and add the Big Daddy Raw thing again.
Oh, oh, it's Clarabelle.
Just a moment.
Who's that?
Who's on there?
Ah, well, we've got Clarabelle here, and, uh, uh, Hank Kisham, and, uh, Hank Ketchum,
who draws Dennis the Menace, and, uh...
Cut.
I was going to, uh, describe the, uh, secrets of life and death and all the mysteries
of time and space, as well as the secret teachings of all ages, if I can work them in.
Uh, of course, I'll have to shout this over the, uh, the Niagara Falls or whatever.



Uh, I'm in a little bit of a hurry, but I'm going to run over to the right, and I'm going










There's that clown honking his horn again.
That's a Harpo, I believe.
Uh, it's the ninth Marx brother, uh, Gummo.
Uh, yes, uh, the one who had to be...
Forest Gummo.
Yes, exactly.
Forest Gummo.
Well, he's been very ill-publicized because a famous family of comedians never cared to bring this subterranean scorpion to the light before.
Have you seen natural-born killers yet?
Every time I go walking down the street in my neighborhood.
Why, they'd kill for a burrito.
And so would I when I think of the delicious morsels available at Taqueria of Romantismo.
Oh, someone imitating a synthesizer again.
Hasn't that robot revolution taken place yet?
Did you or did you not see the movie?
The movie?
Yeah.
The movie.
Tonight?
Robot revolution.
Yes, robo-evolution.
Well, no, I didn't see that movie. I didn't.
It's against my entrenched, severe moral principles to...
You should go see it on Crappy.
You should cure both of them and not see it.
Well, now, this is a very trenchant recommendation that's happening here.
You know, it's like going to see 2001 or Logan's Run or some cool movie like that.
Yeah.
You made a mistake.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm serious.
Or there's Time Cart with John, Claude, and Dan.
Damn it all.
Oh, well, we're experiencing a solar storm with particles and magnetic flux.
And, uh...
It's jamming the airwaves.
I find it very difficult to creep against the bubbling tide of sludge here, but...
I can't really hear you, but I know you're there.
And I thank you for participating in this amazing symposium.
You're just reading stuff and, like, weird sound effects.
And you're just reading stuff.
Is that all the show is?
Weird sound effects?
I don't know what you mean.
I don't hear any sound effects.
What sound effects?
Uh, no.
See, I don't play those either.
I just play the patchy.
That's right.
Yeah, I'm the chump.
Yeah, yeah, me.
I'm the goof.
That's me.
Do you see the MTV Music Awards?
I did not.
And a good friend of mine wanted me to record them.
But, uh...
Listen to the plaudits of the crowd.
You know, Michael Jackson came out with his new drive.
I wish I could hear you, but I'm sure what you have to say is...
I say Michael Jackson came out with his new drive.
Now, you say, uh...
Mahalia Jackson and Charlie Pryde made an appearance.
Well, you know, I don't follow the show business.
And it's, uh...
It's vagaries.
It's, uh...
Eddie's and Current's.
No, Michael Jackson.
And his wife.
Mike O'Jackson?
I don't...
Is he Irish or something?
I'm not sure I know who you're talking about.

Ah.
And, uh...
He's a mooster in front of everyone.
I beg your pardon.
He stuck his tongue down his throat.
Was this on the Playboy channel?
He stuck his tongue down his throat.
He wrote on national TV.
You were watching an X-ray film, maybe?
Or a cat scan?
Just to prove that, you know, she is female and she is an adult woman and that he is attracted to, uh...
It's incredible what they can do with special effects these days.
He's the world's greatest reclusive freak.
You know, you can hear a babble about celebrities on every station at every hour of the day.
And usually not on this show.
So let us not give ourselves over to this unclean and prurient...
I was wondering...

...who can hardly concern us in our current society.
Is Michael Jackson a subgenius?
What an amusing suggestion, young man.
I think the world laughs as it considers...
Is he too mainstream of a freak?
...to have a sophisticated communicator.
Well, you know, uh...
This is an entirely relative concept.
I wasn't attempting to discuss the abnormal, but rather the normal.
The genetic paradigm which occurred at the beginning of time.
If I could resume my sermon, I would...
I would explain to you...
Thank you.
They just don't take it seriously.
No, they don't.
But you can be the one who does.
And benefit.
Benefit.
Exalt yourself to the stars.
To the firmament.
And what a firm, firmament it is.
Well, don't you think it's great that Michael Jackson affirmed his firmament and...
He thumbed his...
What?
He affirmed his two-toned manhood on television?
Hmm.
Well, I never thought he was teutonic myself.
But, uh...
You know, I...
I wouldn't be surprised...
I wouldn't be surprised at any, uh...
revelation about anyone's ancestry.
Thank you very much.
I myself go back to the ancient kings of Scotland.
So let's go back millions and millions of years...
through the fog of time.
That milk doggy dog scares me.
Well, this is before dogs even existed.
Or cats, for that matter.
They all fused into the ancestral mammalian line.
And here, perched upon a lower Cretaceous branch...
is a Crucifontia, a primitive mammal...
which occupies the niche of, uh...
today's squirrel.
And as we leave this squirrely little fellow...
who dodges the, uh, waving tail of the enraged Stegosaurus...
uh, let's move back even further in time...
until we get to the beginning of all things...
and the giant cosmic egg...
which I mentioned earlier on our program.
There it is, gleaming like that fabled dome...
which Sinbad, when he first saw it from afar...
thought was the roof of some mosque...
not realizing...
it was the cavernous egg of the enormous roof...
the gigantic bird...
who blackens the entire sky...
with the vast span of its wings.
Well, uh, when God had manufactured all the eggs...
out of which the fishes and the serpents...
and the frogs and the birds and the mammals...
and even the duck-billed platypus...
would eventually emerge...
he called the embryos before him...
and saw that they were good.
Perhaps I ought to explain...

that all embryos look very much the same.
They are what you are before you are born...
and whether you are going to be a tadpole...
or a peacock or a cameo leopard or a man...
when you are an embryo...
you look, look, uh...
you look just like a particularly repulsive...
and helpless human being.
The embryos stood up in front of God...
with their feeble hands clasped politely...
over their protuberant stomachs...
and their heavy heads hanging down respectfully...
and God addressed them...
He said,
Now, you embryos, here you are...
all looking exactly the same...
and we are going to give you the choice...
of what you are going to be.
When you grow up, you will get bigger anyway...
but we are pleased to grant you another gift as well.
You may alter any parts of yourselves...
into anything which you think...
would be useful to you in an afterlife.
For instance, at the moment, you can't dig.
Anybody would like to turn his hands...
into a pair of spades or garden forks...
is allowed to do so.
Or, to put it another way...
at present, you can only use your mouths...
for eating with.
Anybody who'd like to use his mouth...
as an offensive weapon...
can change it by asking...
and be a corking grill or a saber-toothed tiger...
or a tyrannosaurus rex...
one of the finest of my creations.
Now then, step right up...
and choose your tools...
but remember that what you choose...
you will grow into...
and will have to stick to.
Now, all the embryos...
thought the matter over politely...
and then, one by one...
they stepped up before the blaze...
of the eternal throne.
They were allowed two or three specializations...
so that some chose to use their arms...
as flying machines...
and their mouths as weapons...
or crackers or drillers or spoons...
while others selected to use their bodies...
as boats and their hands as oars.
For example, the badgers thought very hard...
and decided to ask three boons.
They wanted to change their skins for shields...
their mouths for weapons...
and their arms for garden forks...
and those boons were granted.
Everybody specialized in one way or another...
and some of the creatures...
in very strange ways.
For instance, one of the lizards...
decided to swap his whole body for blotting paper...
and one of the toads who lived in the Antipodes...
decided simply to be a water bottle.
Well, the asking and granting took up two long days.
They were the fifth and sixth...
so far as I remember...
and at the very end of the sixth day...
just before it was time to knock off for Sunday...
they had got through all the little embryos...
except one...
and this embryo was Man.
Well, our little Man, said God...
you have waited till the last...
and slept on your decision...
and we are sure...
you have been thinking hard all the time.
What can we do for you?
Please God, said the embryo...
I think that you made me in the shape...
which I now have...
for reasons best known to yourselves...
and that it would be rude to change.
If I am to have my choice...
I will stay just as I am.
I will not alter any of the parts...
which you gave to me...
for other and doubtless inferior tools...
and I will stay a defenseless embryo...
all my life...
doing my best to make unto myself...
a few feeble implements out of the wood...
iron and other materials...
which you have seen fit to put before me.
If I want a boat...
I will endeavor to construct it out of trees...
and if I want to fly...
I'll put together a chariot to do it for me.
Probably I have been very silly...
in refusing to take advantage of your kind offer...
but I have done my best to think it over carefully...
and now hope that the feeble decision...
of this small innocent...
will find favor with yourselves.
Well done, exclaimed the Creator...
in delighted tones.
Here, all you embryos...
come here with your beaks and claws...
and whatnots...
to look upon our first man.
He is the only one who has guessed our riddle...
out of all of you...
and we have great pleasure...
in conferring upon him...
on this auspicious occasion...
the order of dominion over the fowls of the air...
and the beasts of the earth...
and the fishes of the sea.
Now let the rest of you get along...
and love and multiply...
and all that sort of thing...
for it is time to knock off for the weekend.
As for you, man...
you will be a naked tool all your life...
though a user of tools...
you will look like an embryo...
till they bury you...
but all others will be embryos...
before your might.
Eternally undeveloped...
you will always remain potential...
in our image...
able to see some of our sorrows...
and to feel some of our joys.
We are partly sorry for you, man...
said Jehovah One...
and partly happy...
but always proud.
Run along then, man...
and do your best...
and listen, man...
before you go...
Yeah?
Well, he made a request...
a certain request...
of the first human.
To find out what this request was...
all you need do is enroll...
in my special real estate seminar...
which will...
give you thrills and success...
in sex and business...
and let you learn the ordinate...
and the abscissa...
of life itself.
Life and life's effluence...
cloud at once and shower...
joy, caller...
is the spirit and the power...
which wedded nature...
gives to us in doubt.
A new earth and a new heaven...
undreamt of by the sensual...
and the proud.
Slack is the soft voice...
like the luminous cloud...
we in ourselves rejoice...
and thence...
comes all the charms or erosite...
all melodies...
an echo of that voice...
all colors as a fusion of that light.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you.
A giant foot. Yes, I've heard that before...
God is a giant foot.
In fact, an athlete's foot.
The foot of a powerful, muscular being.
And this foot...
this great foot...
of Jehovah One is said to have...
an Achilles heel.
A little patch wherein...
he may be wounded.
There was an editorial...
in today's San Francisco Chronicle...
complaining about the death...
of Jehovah One.
Guess Jehovah One...
whose huge bloated body...
floats in space...
kept from decay by the eternal...
processes of cold...
and stasis.
So sad.
So fresh, the days that are no more.
You know...
they call this the...
Puzzling Evidence Show...
and one might wonder...
why doesn't one ever hear...
puzzling evidence on this show?
If it's his show and so forth...
why not?
I wonder.
I wonder.
And so...
let's consider...
since I seem to be the only one here...
the world of millions...
and millions of years ago.
The warm swamps...
and the secondary...
I always return there.
Last night I had a dilly of a dream...
of being hunted by dinosaurs.
You might think that happens to me all the time.
Well, it's actually very rare.
Well, um...
the earth cooled, the sea covered it.
It was a hundred million years ago...
that life came to the great sea.
And the fishes...
bred within it.
They were the oldest people...
to fish.
Their children climbed out of it...
and stood upon the bosky shores.
And they were the amphibia.
The hoppy toads and frogs.
Our friends, the newts.
The third people...
who sprang from them...
were the reptiles.
Think of those old faces of the world...
upon which the reptiles moved in the slime.
And of the millions of years.
Why the birds...
which you see every day are their descendants.
They were their parents...
but can persist to live along with them.
Yes, when they were born...
there were no birds or people.
No birds or men.
No monkeys or reindeer or elephants...
or any such animals.
Only the amphibia and the reptiles...
and the fishes...
and the Mesozoic world.
That's history.
Yes, but it'll be open book.
There is something strange...
about the will of the sea.
It is bound up with the history...
of my family.
Now, did you ever hear the story...
of Homo sapiens armatus georgiosanctus?
His name was Will.
Well, that's the scientific name.
Now, pay attention.
Once, very long ago...
there were two families...
called Atlantosaurus imanus...
and Ceratosaurus nasicornis.
Atlantosaurus...
was 115 feet long.
He had not many brains...
although I did hear...
he had something like an extra brain...
at the other end of him...
to take care of his tail...
and he lived by browsing on the trees.
He was timid, ruminant and harmless...
except to the tree frogs...
which he accidentally munched up...
among the boughs.
He lived very long...
and thought all the time.
So that, although he did not think very well...
he had generally thought a good deal...
by the end of his long life.
So far as I can remember...
he was a very good boy.
Yes, it took a long time...
to grow one of those babies.
He had solved the problem of being a giant...
without breaking on account of his own...
weighty height of 20 feet...
by having his bones hollow.
The birds do that too, you know...
for other reasons.
However, perhaps I am muddling him up...
with another of the dinosauria.
Ceratosaurus nasicornis was quite small.
He was only 17 feet long...
but he had teeth.
Great, crushing and tearing teeth...
which fitted into each other so badly...
that he leaped always with his...
slaughterous mouth half open...
in a grin of terror.
He leaped like a kangaroo...
a death-dealing kangaroo.
And he generally leaped upon...
poor old Atlantosaurus imanus.
Yes, indeed.
He had a horn upon his nose...
like a rhinoceros...
with which he could rip an opening...
in that big and trundling old body...
and his clashing teeth...
like flesh as in ripe fruit...
and tear it out in mouthfuls...
by the action of his muscular neck.
What is more terrible...
he leaped in packs...
if you can imagine that.
If you'd like to make a call...
please hang up and try again.
Oh, no, I'm fine where I am.
Ceratosaurus nasicornis was at war...
with Atlantosaurus imanus...
in that strange war...
which the spirit of the waters will.
The war of competition and evolution...
which makes the trees fight upward...
and the sun on the Amazon...
and in the course of which...
for the boon of life...
many of reptilian cousins...
have been content to sacrifice...
the benefits of limbs and teeth and eyesight.
Ceratosaurus was savage and aggressive.
Atlantosaurus timid and old.
Their combat lasted...
for as many centuries as will be needed...
by homo sapiens also...
in which to destroy himself.
At the end of that time...
it was the defender who triumphed.
The ferocious kangaroo...
had dealt death on every side...
had decimated his adversaries...
and fed upon their carcasses.
But carcasses cannot continue...
their species.
And in the end the kangaroos...
had consumed the very flesh on which they lived.
Too remorseless for the spirit of the waters...
too bloodthirsty for the hierarchy...
of progressive victims...
the last Ceratosaurus...
roamed the thick-leaved jungles...
in a vain search for the food...
which could satisfy his grinning...
gnashing jaws...
then died...
and slept with his fathers.
Yeah...
The last Atlantosaurus...
thrust her forty-foot neck out of the jungle...
in which she had been hiding...
and surveyed the emaciated corpse...
of her starved persecutor.
She had preserved her life...
as the sensible wood pigeon does...
by specializing in escape.
She had learned to flee...
to hide...
to stand still...
and seal herself in waters.
By humility...
she had survived her enemy...
who had slain her own husband...
and now she carried the children of the latter inside her...
the last of the victorious race.
They would be born in a few years.
Those things had a long gestation period.
Meanwhile...
Homo sapiens had come.
He also had suffered...
from the terror of the kangaroo.
In order to protect himself...
from its rapine and ravishment...
he had developed a cell...
called the H. sapiens armatus.
A class which was concealed...
in metal scales and carried a lance...
by means of which it defended itself...
against the dinosauria.
This subclass of so-called knights...
had perfected an order called...
H. sapiens armatus georgios sanctus...
which was sufficiently...
unobservant to classify all the dinosaurs...
together as its enemies.
Atlantosaurus thrust out her neck...
and thought with triumph of her unborn children.
She had never killed in her life...
and these the future would perpetuate...
a vegetarian race.
She heard the clank of Homo sapiens armatus...
georgios sanctus and turned...
the comely reptile head...
towards him in her kindly curiosity.
He killed her of course.
She was a reptile...
of the reptilian race.
She was a reptile of the reptilian race.
She was a reptile of the reptilian race.
Yes, millions of years ago...
Yes, millions of years ago...
these gigantic beasts actually...
roamed the earth.
Gigantosaurus had a pocket calculator...
in his hips...
which enabled him to do small sums.
This is the H. bomb going off.
Around and around the giant reptiles...
ran...
around and around the rugged rocks...
in the struggle for survival...
which lasted for millions of years.
Somehow the electromagnetic field...
of the earth itself changed.
Ice ages came...
and continents formed new patterns.
and continents formed new patterns.
Why I can see it now...
is that the right thing to do?
Don't be trampled by these behemoths.
Don't be trampled by these behemoths.
Don't be trampled by these behemoths.
You see the Ceratosaurus is attempting...
to turn Atlantisaurus...
over and expose...
its soft underbelly.


...
...
...
...
...
...

creations with virtual NFTs.
Now where area we have intercepted is...



Don't be fooled.



Time happened...
...
Just imagine yourself chewing a huge slug.
Oh, yes, dear friends, you are comfortable.
I know you are.
We're both very comfortable together, aren't we?
Yes, and you've been listening to a presentation
of the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
In this case, Dr. Howell Robbins
on the KPFA Berkeley Subgenius Show
with a classic, classic creation story
and scientific exploration, I believe.
That's what it was, something like that.
Now I think it's time to tell you
where to write for more information
on the Church of the Subgenius.
It's various.
Branch-offs and spin-offs
and genealogical evolutionary mutations.
Yes, please do.
Just send a self-addressed stamped envelope
for more information on the books,
the comic books, and so forth.
It's free, friends.
Well, the information is,
if you would just write to,
Bob, that's right, just write to good old Bob,
that mighty Bob,
at Post Office Box 140306.
That's 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And, gosh, I have no idea what comes up next.
We'll just grab this next tape
from Peckerwood's On Parade,
a compilation given to me by Dr. Howell,
who you've been hearing for the last 45 minutes,
and we'll see what happens.
To Betty Lou
And twice to Carol Sue
Those doggone women really drove me mad
I gotta loosen me up
I'm a station boo
I started using LSD
It gave me quite a kick
Better than booze and easy to use
But it made me mentally sick
I'm on my way to awful prison
Got the monkey off the back
I'm on my way to awful prison
And I won't be coming back
I took some knives and I killed my wife
I took off my jacket and I took off my jacket
And then I
LSD
I didn't know what I'd done
I'm still in court
My case was overturned
The sentence I got was lying
I'm on my way to awful prison
Got the monkey off my back
I'm on my way to awful prison
And I won't be coming back
J inventor
Also covered by
Nick Gino
Nicky Tiere

Thank you.
Coming back.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
LSV made a wreck of me by T-Bubba Scruggs.
Can I get a beer?
Just imagine yourself chewing a huge wad of gum that lasts forever.
And you can imagine what it would be like to be an enormous sauropod.
Gourmandizing on the fronds of the prehistoric forest.
You know, most Americans aren't taught in school, as a part of their education,
that before the age of giant reptiles, there was an age of giant insects.
When hideous, scuttling things roamed the earth.
They roamed the earth.
Well, they roamed the earth.
Some of them roamed, others stayed in their own backyard.
But they were unbelievably horrible.
And if, like me, you have a slight, uh, uh, willies feeling,
I mean, if they kind of give you the willies,
if they kind of make you twitch and wince and whimper,
just to think of giant spiders as big as bushel baskets,
or bigger, rustling under the leaves and so forth,
well, uh...
As big as theaters.
Well, I don't...
I don't know if they ever got that big.
That information has not come to me.
Although, according to some...
It's coming in now, though. You might want to check the...
According to some ancient legends, there were once creatures the size of islands
who fought millennial battles in remote corners of the earth's surface,
and, uh, actually scarred and, uh, and disfigured our planet
into some of the familiar configurations we see today.
A piece of galactic debris,
in the shape of an enormous six-legged lizard,
uh, once landed on the earth and quickly crawled across its surface,
like a centipede landing on a peach,
but, uh, it created enormous destruction and the extinction of many species.
Created, uh, tidal waves and, uh,
giant sweeping walls of earth and rock which buried entire countries, and...
I love this.




