Managing pressures are frustrating now.
Amateur scientist status.
I have a story, safe as the basement,
but safe as any room in my house.
I'm supposed to be allowed to grove.
At least I have an oxygen case.
I'm registered somewhat oxygen depraved.
I may be quite a bit older than I appear,
and I've been having...
Managing pressures are frustrating now.
Do you want to worship Adolf Hitler as God
and go to hell?
Or worship me, God and Jesus Christ?
Amen.
Amen.
Amen.
Amen.
Sponsored by the Church of the Sub-G.
You know, to most people,
that's literally a common recurring nightmare.
To me, it must just be another memory of a great weekend.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I'm the guy that has my hearings in the front hall of Euclid High School in the 70s in Lentweisberg's room.
I'd already left a message.
And I had some legal notices in the paper.
I have a message from Gerardo, to whom it may concern, about those Norwegian beauties.
I read your legal notice several years ago, and you're on a screening process, of course.
You're supposed to be able to tell right away if a guy has either been cheated of his education or has a problem or deserves a second chance.
In the case of my hearings, I sued a Clemency policeman that was playing games with me.
I'm all the way back to the 60s with the cuckoo for Cocoa Puff policeman that kept telling me there was a shortage
and not enough for the district IQ champ to clear his mind to think.
I'm all the way back to the 60s with the cuckoo for Cocoa Puff policeman that kept telling me there was a shortage

I'm all the way back to the 60s with the cuckoo for Cocoa Puff policeman that kept telling me there was a shortage

I have made this recording of my own free will to urge those few remaining subgeniuses to come forward.
Our alien masters have kindly offered a general amnesty to all subgeniuses
who entered their local human reality.
The education camp.
A handsome premium is also offered to those who alert the authorities to renegade subgeniuses in their unit.
If you believe, you can leave.
The mighty depression's a frustrating mess.
Uh, yes dear friends, and no kidding.
It can be.
It can be that way.
Where are we?
Where are we?
Okay.
Thank you Susie the floozy, Jeff Beck here in the background, and Dr. Onan Kanobite,
who we just heard from, along with the legal notice guy, and other great manic depressives.
Ah, yes.
Actually, let's just listen to this music for a second.
Let's hear it.
It's right here.
Take a listen.

Drink it.
Drink it.

Drink it.
Well, you ain't no use to me
Hanging around
Music, sweet music
I wish I could rest
On my tenderness
Mighty depression
It's a frustrating mess
Yeah
Oh
Ow
Music, sweet music
Music, sweet music
Music, sweet music
Uh, yes, dear friends
Um
Really ain't no use
Of us hanging around
So we are
Gonna get off
Folks, we must get off
Right?

Earth
First
And, uh
And we can, too
On X Day
July 5th, 1998
But, uh
In the meantime
There's a couple of really
Big subgenius
Devivals
Coming up
Uh
April 30th
In Boston
Another great
Boston Devival
In fact, I guess
You could say
It will be the last
Boston Devival
The Church of the Subgenius
April 30th
Friday night
At, uh
Uh
The Middle East
Club
Is the name of the place
Upstairs
Friday Jones
Is producing
And selling
This Devival
Which will star
Pope David N. Meyer
Uh
Papa Joe Mama
Brother Cleve Duncan
I think
Bill T. Miller
And, uh
Yours truly
Reverend Ivan Stang
And, uh
God only knows who else
Bob
May, in fact
Also know
So, uh
Friends
Write that on your calendar
You can find us on the web

At www.boston.devival.com
The link to the book
On the site
Is in the description







And the same
By the way
The same lineup
Is about a month
Later
In Seattle
Washington
At a place called
On Board
So watch the
Subgenius website
Or you can
Actually on the
Boston Devival
You can check out
www.fridayjones.com
And why not
Why not
Not, because there's a great gap in the mentality of those who fail to see,
to see deeply into the secret orchestra of Einstein.
Heard in the background here.
Playing at Winterstar.
There are great gaps.
And here's a little thing about generation gaps, friends.
Here's a list of things about people who started college this fall and were born in 1980.
The young folks, probably most of the people listening to me now, but those oldies like me.
Think about these young folks, folks.
There has only been one pope in their lifetime.
They were 11 years old when the Soviet Union broke.
It was a great time.
Beautiful, beautiful.
Well, let's flip that tape back to the middle and we'll see what's on in the background there.
Strange jamming.
Yeah, the kids of today, man, their lifetime has always included AIDS,
and it has always included the church of the subgenius.
If you were born after 1980, there's no excuse for you not to send your $30 to Bob.
It's always been around since you were born.
The Dallas Post Office box, 1403-06,
has been around since you were born.
It's been around as long as you have.
You have never had a smallpox shot,
and probably don't even know what smallpox is.
The expression,
you sound like a broken record,
doesn't mean anything to you because you never had a record player.
The compact disc came along when you were one.
To you, stamps have always cost about 32 cents, at least.
And in your world, there have always been answers.
The walkman, Sony Walkman was introduced the year you were born.
Popcorn has always been cooked in a microwave, hasn't it?
And you probably don't care who shot J.R.
and have no idea who J.R. is,
unless you're thinking of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
who was, in fact, shot by puzzling evidence,
the fiendish puzzling evidence,
actually real names,
the name Douglas Atwood Wellman,
yes, let's say the name of the worm,
yes, the worm,
who was actually, like so many assassins,
was originally military,
trained in the military.
And speaking of military,
my kids noticed there was a war on for the first time.
And to commemorate that,
and the killer of Bob Dobbs, J.R.,
I'd like to play these tapes from 19...
When was that war?
Anyway, one of those wars,
the first voice you will hear is Doug Wellman
of Puzzling Evidence,
when the balloon went up
for the last televised miniseries war that we had.
I hope you all can apply some of these lessons
to our modern-day predicament.
And then we'll be back to Einstein's Secret Orchestra
live radio and modern-day stuff.
In the meantime, for...
Hi, Honda.
Yeah.
Hi.


Hi.

Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.



















Hi.










I'm afraid there's a lot more trouble
that we asked for tonight out here in...
...the Bob zone.
I have got a message from Bob for all of you.
Don't give up.
Yep, he didn't say what not to give up,
so I'll tell you what I'm not giving up.
I'm not giving up drugs.
I'm not giving up surfing,
and I'm not giving up coming down from this station
and being a bad noise in your ear.
And I'm also not giving up the hope that our boys over there in Malaysia will be able to assassinate Bob for once and for all and get rid of his kind before you become one of him.
And I'm afraid we'll not be able to take calls tonight.
In a wartime situation such as this, we just don't care what you have to say.
You can call the station all you want and we aren't going to listen.
Listen, it's time you got to realize that it's people like me are going to have to come up with the answers for you and that you're just going to have to live with our decisions.
We're taking a lot of notes here tonight, so we're going to be thinking about what you're thinking about.
And we know what you're thinking, believe me.
Tonight's show, unlike normally, we do have a sponsor tonight and we'll be revealing that sponsor.
Thanks, thanks. Out here in the horrid, horrid future.
The other doctors are reloading at this moment and it is expected they'll be storming the station.
I don't believe we're going to have a problem tonight with enemy fire.
I don't know what time we had a hill bomb.
Sorry, there has been an infusion of...
the what I refer to as my own personal enemy at this...
at this...
At this moment and like I said before, please don't give up. Don't give up drugs.
Don't give up going crazy and don't give up the hope that someday our nation will be run by people like me.
And of course people like Dr. Hal.
Well, you could do worse, I suppose, I suppose.
It all started a long time ago.
I'm not sure that I can even remember when that was.
So long ago and far away.
And I was a bold, strapping young thing.
So you'd hardly think that to look at me now.
I remember you, Doctor, dressed up in that uniform, marching back and forth, poking Dr. Freedy to the bayonet.
You were a fine man in those days.
Doctor, what happened?
You were a stateless person who had to be under the jurisdiction of the new order.
Well, I'm going to make my order right now.
Clams and eggs with a side of toast.
I'll have mine.
Hash browns with jam and a little...
What do you call those things?
Those little packets?
Oh, those are...
With some grape jelly in there.
Can I get a fresh squeezed orange juice with that?
Yes, just step right over here.
Incredible.
Not since the video...
Here, drink this.
Oh, okay.
Hey, Doctor, what was that, anyway?
That was water.
Water?



And then I drank more juice, and wasn't it good?
Mm-mm.
Boy, we're gonna be drinking up gallons of it tonight here on the Subgenius Radio Show.
Yes, sir.
And I have a feeling that Puzzling Evidence will be here tonight.
I think he's probably down in the reloading room right now.
Israeli tank crews operating in modified Soviet T-55 and T-62 tanks in the Sinai Desert Experience.
Certain technical difficulties, as usual.
Somebody's gotta lift the scab, the festering scab.
That is the batting.
Ay, ay.
I found it.
We ooh-ooh-ooh.

done this for four innings.





Sure thing.


Yeah, get rid of them as soon as you can, lady.
Look at it up to the light.
You see the metal stripping it?
That's a tracking device.
If you got any more of those at home, get rid of them.
Exchange them for good for some.
Because they'll follow you.
They know where every one of those hundreds is going.
Spending money.
Hey, you know what?
Black helicopters.
You heard about them.
The black helicopters, they're everywhere.
Yeah, they're on whisper mode.
You can't hear them until they've already gone.
You know?
This is Kennedy's pink suit.
There's a Secret Service man spread over the top of the car.
At this point, it looks like there's only one or two or even all of the people within the car.
They have been the victims.
They have been shot by shots.
We don't know.
I've heard some incredible theories about Kennedy's assassination since that movie came out.
Weirdest one I ever heard, but the most intriguing.
I heard the guy who shot Kennedy was the Secret Service man in the front seat of the limo.
Sounds ludicrous, but think about it.
Every time you've ever seen a Zabruder film, have you ever looked at the Secret Service man
in the front seat of that limo?
No.
It's like the ultimate magic trick of misdirection.
Because like most people, when I see the Zabruder film, I'm looking, you know, at Jackie's ass
when she gets on the trunk of that car.
Thank you very much.
Parkland Hospital has been advised to stand by for a severe gunshot wound.
And just now, we've received reports here at Parkland that Governor Connolly was shot
in the upper left chest.
And the first unconfirmed reports say the President's wife,
was hit in the head.
That's an unconfirmed report that the President was hit in the head.
There was definitely the President.
Mr. Connolly, Alan Bullock incoming.
And we're now speaking directly to Parkland Hospital.
The President of the United States is dead.
President Kennedy has been assassinated.
It's official now.
The President is dead.
Okay.
iao다는
I'm not doing anything at all.
I'm just getting away from that inane babbling.
I'm tired of listening to you.
You know how important my work is to me, Clarice.
You know how important the Anu-Anu statue and the amulets are.
You know that we are not alone.
I wish I was alone.
I wish I didn't have to hear this insensitive drivel every night.
You never...
When's the last time we did anything at all?
Well, we worked on...
Let's see.
We worked on the Polynesians first coming to the South American shore
and then the Vanduul people of the lower Amazon basin
moving all the way to Hawaii,
taking a sun-filled Hawaiian vacation.
Doesn't that sound right to you right now, Clarice?
Clarice, I'm dripping wet.
Please, you have to help me.
You're the only one who can.
I'm dripping wet.
I'm dripping wet.
But somehow it all seems to be the same.
Well, I've been on that ship before.
Yeah, you know.
I don't want to ever do it again, yeah.
So now, I really got to tell you how I feel.
I feel...
I feel...
I feel...
I feel...
I feel...
I feel...
I feel...
I feel...
guitar solo
solo
We'll return to the Simeon Waterline
with Mark Henben,
Lawrence Wenpen, and Earl Letkin.
We must drive away lotion horror.
We must build most dose.
I have the grey hand.
I have the grey hand.
We have the grey hand.
Now there's a real guy named Grey
who claimed that the governments,
the Illuminati of all the world governments
decided that they were going to try and build
a one world government by making everybody scared
of aliens that didn't exist.
Well, didn't you see that
on the X-Files? Or wasn't that the X-Files
second season or something like that?
I mean, that's hackneyed old.
Sure, that's true, but
what's the difference?
Everybody's watching it on TV thinking it's fiction
so it can happen right under your nose.
You go, oh, that's cool.
It's just like the X-Files, dude.
I saw that one show.
Yeah, I saw it too.
This guy's slant on it was that
guess who's behind it all? Not the Illuminati,
but the ancient ones of Sumeria.
Oh, in that case.
Oh, well, oh.
Oh, the ancient, oh, the ascended
masters of, yeah.
Okay, the Sumerians.
Well, no wonder Sumerians,
the Sumerian language has been getting trendy
all of a sudden. It is. I mean, I've been
into like them little cyber cafes.
There we go.
$130.
You could hear my heartbeat
throughout the recording on this
tape of a loud noise
in the background through my
electronic stethoscope
as I held the electronic stethoscope
to my eye.
To the top of my head, to the back of my head,
and to my ear
to get the, see if I can get
the angles to come through,
but it's too weak. I can't get them to
come through with voice
to be picked up by my cassette tape.
But you can hear
my heartbeat throughout
the entire cassette
recorded, and you can hear the loud
noise
of the computer
programmers and satellite
transmissions from the United States.
They tortured my cosmic mind
and my body like they have
ever since 1959.
Now I will let it be played
normally, and you can tell the difference
in the noise
and the quietness in this
being played now without any noise
coming over.
Come on, give me some.
But meanwhile, in a vacuum
room orbiting
the planet Nexo.
I was dreaming
again. I dreamed
I saw the dog's head
and the stand's
face.
I'd give anything to feel
gravity again, but I
understand it would crush my bones
after all these years in space,
Meg. It's probably best
that we just float around out
here in this vacuum.
How long have you been here?
I can't rightly remember
a lot. I don't know how old I am,
lost track of time.
I wish I could tell you
how long ago I lost track of time.
Don't mean much
to me no more.
Time, time, time,
looking to possibility.
That's a song, isn't it?
What would you call this, day or night,
Dave? The stars are shining
like suns.
Day and night at one time, it's black
and white. Black and bright.
Black and bright, yeah.
Hey,
I got an idea.
I got a chicken sandwich in my
pocket. Maybe we could
do more performance art like we did
the last 2,000 years
and make a bowel movement.
We could take
go down the gastrointestinal
tank all the
way to the stomach.
Dave, they removed
your bowels and your legs a long
time ago. You don't need legs and
bowels out here in space.
I got no bowels,
legs. Take a look down, Bubba.
How we did it for
four days to be.
That poor senile
old bastard forgets.
You can't walk either.
You don't got them either.
Tell me about it.
I never saw you before in my life.
Who are you?
Oh, I remember.
It's time for your medication, boys.
It's the new nurse.
Here, help me ride.
Here's your pill.
Please, honey.
I'm having slices right now.
And a sentence?
Oh, even mandibles.
You're gonna stick it right in here with the mandibles,
you cutie pie.
Can I have more of those?
Can I have more of them?
Can I have more of them purple ones?
You and the purples.
Lay off and you're gonna lose all your hair like me.
Hey, sweetie. You married? Hey, honey.
Hey, hey. Hey, nursing.
You took the wrong one, Stanky.
You took a yellow one you were supposed to take
to that, and now you're gonna hallucinate.
And then freely and peely in the, uh, what was it?
In this vitamin.
It's time now, boys, to pee deeply into the bag.
Oh, boy, that's my favorite part.
Me too.
It's a new nurse every day.
Thousands and thousands of...
She gets to watch me pee deeply into the bag.
The bag?
Oh.
This bag goes on for thousands of miles.
They say it's connected to a cyclotron accelerator.
I like this part where I have to unclutch my little tears.
Go right ahead.
Okay.
I remember when I used to pee out of the...
Where's my spuds?
I lost it!
What?
Hey, hey.
Nurse, do something with it.
Where's my...
Where's my...
You know what?
Give him his yellow pill.
Where's my tank?
He does this every day.
It's all right.
It's really all right.
I think my head was turned around.
I was looking at my butt.
I wonder if my kids will ever come visit me out here.
Stank.
I wonder if they just put us in orbit for good.
Dig it up.
Living off our own...
Drinking our own pee for free cycle.
We're silly fools.
Pee pee for water.
Give it up.

We're little robot nurses that don't even really exist.
Giving us pills.
It's not bad, actually.
It's my idea.
When I was a teenager, that's all I ever wanted to do.
Well, here it goes again.
No, I can't do nothing else.
I hate it.
I'd do anything to go for a walk in the park, on Earth, feel gravity.
But I understand it would crush my old bones at this point.
Oh, I think I already said that earlier.
Where Dan...
Speaking of...
Yeah, he's getting old as hell.
Speaking of forestry...
Wanna go for a ride?
Stanky, look, I've got a...
What are they...
I got a boner.
What?
I think it's from the gravity accelerator.
I think it's making...
That's that little feeding tube.
That ain't...
You ain't had a big thing to have a boner with for 150 years, Dave.
No.
That's just your little excretion tube.
Your colostomy bag just got filled up.
Call that nurse to empty it.
Nurse!
Nurse!
Nurse!













Come here and take care of Dave.
I made a mistake, man.
God off the man.
Horrible.
The gravity in here just...
The gravity in here just...
It needs fixing.
It needs fixing.
What's happened?
He's mutated.
He's developed himself a new organ.
He thinks he's...
Have a seat, sir.
Look, Stanky.
He's been smoking the rhino cigarettes.
Doctor, look.
Stanky, look.
It's a real...
Oh, my God.
It is real.
Look, Doctor, look.
Just like when I was a boy.
He's grown himself a new organ.
How did this happen?
What's the explanation, Doctor?
Those rhino horn cigarettes must work.
I don't know.

It's the Bobcob.
Who's got the lighter?
The Goblin Goblin God from the Bobcob.
Give me one of them cigarettes, Dave.
I want to grow one of them.
I used to have dozens of them things.
Stank, we don't have lungs.
Remember, we can't smoke.
How we gonna get the...
How did we?
Now, we put it in here, I think.
No?
Maybe we put it in here.
Dave, just shove it in that hole in your chest.
What are some of these holes?
Is this...
In my heart?
No.












I think starting to melt around the edges a little bit, Stanky.
That was the yellow pill, Dave.
Just lean back and enjoy it.
It's like the weather.
It's like rape.
Ha ha, that's a joke.
What if we were...
I could have been governor if I hadn't have told that joke that one time in front of the
press corps.
Stank, you were the governor.
You were the governor of the entire rocket ship.
I was the governor?
You were king of the planet and you were emperor of space, remember?
I was the...










I was king of the hill there.
I was the damn top...
And queen.
You were so pretty in the suit and the hat and the pants and everything with the long,
long hair and the weird eye-bomb face.
I was the little tin pot dictator I was.
Thought I was chosen by mob.
Yeah, chosen.
All right, chosen me as fall guy.
Now, here I am...
I'm gonna stop.
As far as I can tell, the damn things are starting to accrue consciousness.
Go figure.
Yeah, yeah.
What do you mean accrue consciousness?
There's no way these things could make you feel better.








They're just a machine.
It's a machine, man.
Listen, you start talking that talk to me again.
You're my understudy.
You understand what I'm saying?
We talk alike.
We look alike.
We act alike.
Only you're the junior.
You do as I say.
Now, put your hand up over the box.
Yeah, I left my name and number yesterday.
So anyway, I had my legal notice in the newspaper for a grant and I thought I had my hearings
in the 70s.
I have another legal notice.
Some cop was playing with my brother and I.
We have repeated stories.
They disbored us at the source.
They registered us to 3%.
We're entitled to agricultural grade, minimum of 25, or you need 25 or 30%.
His minimum, I'm also entitled to 99, pain reliever.
Then there's a story some cop's been playing with me in the charts, not letting me release
my stress on a daily basis.
I got backed up stress just to tease me for when I get my pain reliever.
Then I have my degree tree stolen in the 60s.
It's in my hearings and a house of evolutionary study.
I have one of the best trees going in the board of education.
The Euclid's responsible.
I got permission to search the board.
Let me just ask you this one last question.
Do you think that it's rather curious that you're not a lawyer?









You were a witness to the assassination from a roof of a building overlooking Dealey Plaza.
You gave your statement to the Dallas Sheriff's Department the very day of the assassination,
and yet the commission, which was investigating the circumstances of the crime, never bothered
to call you as a witness to testify before them.
I can't answer that, sir.
Of course, I think I've seen this about as many times.



I've seen as much of the assassination as anyone around this area.
But as to why I wasn't called as a witness, that's beyond me.
But it doesn't make me any different.
On November 22nd, Mr. Dodd, what did you see and what did you hear?
Well, I seen the president roll over and slump over in his seat, and then I saw Governor Conley slump over.
He was a little accordion player in his little club.

He was a little robot monkey.
That's not strictly accordion to Hoyle, Gary, because you know monkeys aren't permitted to hear in this airless room.
Boy, I think I'll get some of these foreign girls pregnant right now.
How can you do that without a little raincoat on your speculum there?
Oh, wait a minute.
I, uh, these excavations...
Bring their families back to California.
Well, I will as soon as I finish excavating this extraordinary ruin.
Apparently the tomb of some famous person.
Yes, the tomb of the uncircumcised soldier.
Oh, boy, look at that. It's a mess.
Well, yes, but they bred like rabbits and multiplied like a bug bunny back there.
Hmm.
Here we are.
It's scary here. The moon and the war.
Operation...
We're not even scheduled.
It's the target city of all target cities.
The mommy of all wars.
Mommy!
Mommy, I had a war.
This isn't even enough.
We interrupt our regular programming for this news bulletin.
Apparently Saddam Hussein is about to give his address.
1452 Desert Lane, apartment 3, Iraq.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't think he's ever understood any of this stuff.
Besides, all we gotta do is change the names around, do a search or a search.
We'll replace things on all the computers.
Change Bob to Satan.
It's all interchangeable.
You change Christian to queer, queer to Christian.
Jesus to Bob.
Or anything.
And they all still...
Or mostos to X-Day.
And you still get the same...
It all comes out in the end.
Every prediction I make will come true eventually.
And I predict that everyone here will die.
And if that's not true, God, strike me dead right this minute.
See, it's all real.
Cheap sleight of hand.
Too bad Magnus couldn't be here.
Because at least he had the kind of magic you could sink your teeth into.
As long as you weren't standing backstage.
No, actually, even then, that was the thing.
I was told that if you watched the Prestidigita...
If you watched magic from behind the magician,
you would see that it was all prestidigitation and careful training.
Well, I find that a lot more hard to believe than just making things appear out of thin air.
The stuff I've seen people do with their fingers and mind is...
That's magic to me.
I was the little tin pot dictator I was.
Thought I was chosen by Bob.
Yeah, chosen.
All right, chosen.
I was chosen to be this fall guy.
Now here I am stuck up here in this damn tin can with you.
And here I thought I was gonna be the big cult leader.
I'm nothing but an old, forgotten old, old exile out in space on the way down for Centauri.
Sting, wait.
I tortured you on the radio for years.
And it's ironic the way it ended up in reality like this.
Sting, the head plate is shifting from Miami Beach to West Virginia again.
What are you mumbling about now, you senile old...
Call that nurse.
Your anti-flagellant medicine.
Smells like a hospital in here.
Smells like a hospital across from the kindergarten.
I'm drooling over.
I smell human urine.
It's disgusting.
Look, it works.
Why don't my kids ever come visit?
It works.
Why don't my hateful, useless kids ever come visit me up here?
You sent me off for that.
The sub-demons is...
So that all the jewels...
Can just land on it.
Instead of being all over the place like this now.
At the height of his power, the Reverend Nighting Stan controlled a vast empire.
Consisting of thousands of Malaysian slaves in the tiny village of Dobstown.
A micro-fortress of sorts, a techno-village surrounded by walls of invisible gas.
I loved stuffing that damn wall with gas back then.
As he receded into obscurity...
Well, I'd do anything for a Merit ultralight.
As his limbs became timeless.
As he drifted from this world into old age.
As Stan drifted further into...
Simility.
I vaguely remember...
Deciding I wanted to live to be 90.
My God, I wished I could have died at 250.
Here I am, just spinning on...
How far are we from Alpha Centauri, Dave?
There is a lonesome cowboy Dave to see you, Reverend Stan.
And when is there not?
Hey, buddy!
Oh my God!
It's the young ghost of cowboy Dave Past!
No, no, man, it's me!
It's the real lonesome cowboy Dave.
I done took the treatments.
Hey, who's the old guy you're babbling to?
Dave, what? Look, look!
I sure don't even breathe, man.
Hey, listen to me.
What now?
Oh my God, he's dead!
What, you killed him?
You young Dave, you killed the old Dave!
No, he's not dead!
He looks like he's been dead for years.
You've been talking to a dead man for about five years now.
He and I have been having sex together for the last hundred years.
It's all we had.
Calm down.
Calm down, you little geezer.
Wait a minute.
Come on, little fella.
You're kind of cute.
You look smoother looking than that old buzzard.
Yeah, yeah.
Save!
I took the treatments, Stan.
You're the old Dave.
Stan, I didn't know you was twisted that way.
Now, you just calm down, little fella.
I think I can tell.
I've been out in space for 300 years now.

I didn't die on something like that.
Come on, let me show you around the room here.
Hey, hey, old buddy.
Hey, Pop.
Come on, calm down.
You don't mean to tell me them beautiful nurses, them cyber nurses walking around taking care
of your every wish and command ain't enough for you?
No, they won't even let me fart.
Every time I lean over, they're setting me back up again.
Stan, I can't believe you aren't allowed to flatulate.
That's one of the things you've done best of all.
They won't let you pee.
Those nurses not only ain't real, but they won't let you pee.
They pee freely anywhere except in that bag.
Oh, yeah.
The bag.
Yeah, well.
Speaking of bags, say, you cute young Stan, look in my bag here.
Oh, my gosh, Stan.
What the hell is that?
It looks like a...
Well, it's where my lower torso used to...
That's where all my lower half used to be was in that bag.
It looks like a smoky or slim gym.
What the hell happened to you, bro?
Does it work at all?
What do you mean work?
I mean, can you rotate through it or have sensors on his arms?
It's good.
Nothing but a plug now.
Now, I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.




Nothing but a plug.
Oh, nothing but a plug.
What have we been listening to, friends?
Of course, that was Einstein's Secret Orchestra recorded in the studio, the swamp studio.
The senile, old, lonesome cowboy Dave and poor Reverend Stang in their tuna can in
outer space on the way to Alpha Centauri.
It's the first time the old Stang ever came out.
















It's the first time the old Stang ever got stuck there like that.
Oh, gosh.
How can I go backwards on this list here?
We had a little bit of recording from the Winter Star, the subgenius D-Vival with Chaz
and me preaching and yanking on them keyboards.
Bleepo Abernathy and Billy West with Saddam's Address.
We've heard a lot of the subgenius show, the old subgenius show on KPFA.
Oh, yeah.
In Berkeley with the Tomb of the Uncircumcised Soldier.
That's mostly, almost all that we've heard has been Gary Gabrog, friend, and Dr. Howell.
The JFK-related stuff was collaged by Reverend Susie the Floozy.
And of course, we've heard a lot of mental or manic depression from various characters
such as the legal notice guy.
He comes from a tape.
That Jesus, well, it was the answer machine.
It was left on the answer machine, 90 minutes of it, on the answer machine at the Hemp Store
in Cleveland where Jesus used to work.
Pee Deeply Into the Bag is the name of the skit there from Einstein's Secret Orchestra
and us in the live studio.
We also heard the great kook Dan Ashwander.
Much of that material is in the tape.
We've heard a lot of the material taken off of the Hour of Slack number 272, which came
from Ken DeVries, Orton Nenslow, and Donna Cossie collected the kook ramblings of the
angel telepathy material of Dan Ashwander, the old crackpot there.
We heard a little bit of Bill Hicks talking about JFK.
And well, I think that's been somewhere.
Now we come back into current time.
Into the...
Small time.
We've been in the big time.
No, no, we've been in the small time.
Now we're about to go back into the big time.
I'm sorry, I get confused.
You know, I don't really have a real radio station anymore.
All we have is this treehouse.
Tarzan's radio station, we call it.
But we do have Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Tarzan, Einstein, and Bob all hanging or swinging from the treehouse.

In the trees eating ham sandwiches.
Uh, eating spam sandwiches.
Christ, Bob.
Hello, you're on the air.
The show's back.
All right.
I'm sorry.









I made your make-up.
Almost.
Put some beef in, when a man...
Just a wee broth of a color.
I don't say anything too funny.
Well, I don't know why not.
After all...
Yeah.
earth and the world teetering on the edge of nuclear annihilation.
Oh, come on.
It's not that bad.
Well, it's not really that bad.
It is.
Oh, yes.
It's just about to happen.
No, you don't realize.
You think so?
Yeah, we're all doomed.
Yeah, it's all about to happen.
I'll tell you, if Saddam Hussein flips through his arsenal the way you're flipping through
this magazine, we're all in trouble.
He's got a sharper image catalog that he's...
Yeah, it's...
Oh, it's not that much showing.
Cut it out.
Over there.
Oh, wow.
I think Gary got it.
Ouch.
That really hurt.
Can somebody get me one of those...
Here on issue...
One of those...
I can't say it.
Biomechanical arms over there, and I'll put it on...
They're called Waldos, Waldo, but on this issue, I'd like to say that it shocks and
concerns me.
Our servicemen over there are plain people that are lingering in desert memories, etched
in sand.
You can see how quiet it is when I'm not using my electronic stethoscope to bring in the
loud noise from these computers and satellite transmissions from outer space and from Earth.
And Russia and the United States torture my God from out of my body.
It's real quiet, Dad.
I'll let you...
I'll leave it...
I won't say anything.
I'll let you listen to it now.
I heard you guys...
I just want to do a become plain clothes subgenius in the...
Get out of your uniform.
So I wear plain clothes.
So what?
I make a fashion statement.
Well, I'm wearing airplane clothes myself right now.
We'll all be wearing airplane clothes in the future.
You can see the wings right along the elbows.
It'll be the only way to travel because it's government regulated.
The hands only have four amounts of...
The shoes are the landing gear.
Every citizen will have to be checked in 19 security checks from his door to the airport.
Good morning, ugly sedan!
Um, yeah, the American Armed Forces are here.
And this war has become radioactive, if you know what I mean.
Oh, yeah, we got an oil barrel full of stupid song parodies sent to us by every goofball radio station back in the good old United States.
Oh, we've got knock, knock, knocking on Saddam's door.
Knock, knock, knocking on Saddam's door.
Ooh, how about this one?
Sweating in the desert.
Waiting to kill Hussein.
Yeah!
It's up to us, the disc jockeys, to win this war with dumb songs.
Hell, we got a president up in Maine going,
No wonder I'm not catching any fish.
This is a golf club, Barbara.
Oh, and this is my favorite song right here, Bomber Rack.
Bomber Rack!
You must know what a ride!
Oh, and don't forget, who'll stop Hussein?
Who'll stop Hussein?
He's a man.
Yeah, that one was sent to us by four different radio stations at the same time, claiming they were the first ones to do it.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, we're Americans.
We've got ingenuity.
Yeah, let's bomb Iraq, all right, with dumb songs.
So, in the words of Casey Kasem, hey, wait a minute, I'm an Arab.
Until next time, good morning, ugly Saddam!
Oh, by the way, Dr. Drummond, I did what you prescribed and, uh, have been drinking it.
I'm gonna have to get a couple more cups of that blood to fend off the spasms.
Although, uh, it certainly is expensive, especially now.
I had to trade a tank of gas to get this, this, these five cups of blood.
KPFA, when I came into the station this morning, nobody handed me the instruction, uh, sheet on how I'm supposed to, um,
Oh, this, this is, this is my opinion.
Yeah, this is my personal opinion.
Not all people can do anything.











All right, if you...
Written right down here exactly what my opinion is supposed to be concerning the, um, the demonstrators and, um...
Those demonstrators have to be taken out and horse-whipped.
Automatic car watch.
Now, we don't want the, uh, subscribers to think that they necessarily would be forced into, uh, thinking the way KPFA thinks.
They can't think.
We will be...
But, uh, we've learned that both, uh, subscribers and people who work in the, in the station creep into clothing and, uh, wear clothes.

And, uh, they can't even choose and that they can survive by eating kangaroo rats and lizards.
But I don't know what you're talking about.
But as usual, you will have to decode the show.
Well, the lessons learned from the subgenius show training exercises over the years include the fact that the station is death on tires.
The recurring problem is that there is no institutional memory by KFP, KPFA troops today of what it is like in the station.
The comforting thought is that the subgeniuses, the so-called Jones people from the watery confluence of the Mendocino coast will find KPFA just as stark and unforgiving as the Americans do.
Thank you.
That was a hard-hitting editorial from the huge object, the boyfriend, in our studio tonight.
It's just the show.
Filling in the dead time.
While Baghdad prepares for yet another...
Oops, there it comes through the window and there's another big ouch.
Oh, no.
Believe me, I've heard those.
Four ouches.
We are on a secret mission for the Caliph of Baghdad.
I've got to find somebody.
I've got to find somebody.
Oh, no.
I thought it was the cauliflower of Baghdad.
Oh, no.
I thought it was the cauliflower of Baghdad.
Oh, no.
I thought it was the cauliflower of Baghdad.
I've got to find there.

I'm serious.
Where did you get it?
Aşamay.
Katharine impossible on campus.
I know.




Come on, home, Home-게요, I'm here for you.

Here's a photograph of my family.
My dad and also my toot 창, my step sister.
For performs.
Nastya and Halleen died five months with her grandfather.
Most researchers have recognized sure his father was a refugee.
Recently, his father became a gay.
table with a masseuse over here. It has a barbed wire window outside. I do have some stale bread
in one of them little holders. It looks like, I guess it's a guy in a sombrero or something like
that. It looks pretty old. It's got a lot of like packing grease on it. And I think I'm supposed to
eat these things here too. Be careful of the things that you eat, Dave. Well, they're woolly.
I don't know if I should eat something that still has hair on it. They usually take the hair off.
Is the hair moving? That's what I want to know. No, it's kind of wafting in the breeze though.
It's moving, I think because of the convection near the furnace there. Usually when it's moving,
it's not a good sign and it might be kind of a wise idea to just watch it on those things that
have the moving hair. I mean, it's not just, it could be just moving its hair from the wind,
you know, so I could eat it technically, right? You could, but you know, you might be taking a
chance. Just think about it. Really think about it, Dave. Well, I'm not going to play harmonica
with it. I think I'm just going to move it.
Okay. That's a good idea. I'm not hungry anymore. Let's step into the chapel here, Dave.
Well, I never noticed that we had a chapel. You guys have the same one I do?
Big red door. It looks like one of them Chinese temples and stuff. You go in like a Kung Fu
temple or something and it's got three steps. The chaplain has the most updated Pentium 666
processor. I can't see nobody in here yet. There is a monitor.
I can see you though.
Well, I'm feeling a little bit more at peace with myself. They can't come in here, can they?
Oh, sure. Anytime they want, but why would they? It smells awful in there.
You are a good consumer.
Breasts, breaths.
Well, I think that's why we got the sanctuary in here right around the breasts and stuff is so we
can come in and not get chomped. Think about where we've been and what we've done so far.
What do you think?
Well, we passed Ganymede.
And we tried to make out with a pair of breasts with teeth.
Consumption is being standardized.
Now the rectum reappears trying to tell me I should consume more stuff.
Let's see. I don't know.
Please refrain from speaking about the rectum.
Look.
Little teeny dancing maidens coming out from behind the furniture parlor.
Those are the go-go termites.
Watch out.
For the mandibles.
Go, go, go termites.
Look a little closer.
Go, go, termites.
I have some good moves, but...
Yeah.
Look at this.
Everything sexy around here bites you.
This is kind of like an anti-sex hell world.
Oh, oh, you notice all...
Well, an anti-sex hell world.
How about that?
Well, he...
Gosh, I wonder how that could have happened.
His perceptiveness pill is kicking in.
Yeah, remember Hogan's goat, Dave?
No, he probably doesn't.
Oh, my God, Hogan's goat.
What does that ring a bell from?
Well, he screwed up.
I was a panacea rose back in the ancient days of Greece, and I used to wear one of them
funny hats and curly horns on my head and I used to...
Your name was Wabango.
I was a goat.
That's right.
I was Wabango a goat.
And I was compromised.
I think it was somewhere like...
But eventually you did evolve into the Wabango bonobo.
This is worse than the bad Le Parrain novel.
I can't figure half of this stuff out without looking at the paper.
Running around with your erected self, flashing it in front of every other Wabango bonobo you
could find.
And other species waving it in their faces.
Including humans.
Foddering the lonesome cowboy Dave Rice.
Reigning over the lonesome cowboy empire.
A short-lived empire since most of them were homosexuals who did not reproduce.
I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.
Sitting at the head of the lonesome cowboy round table.
They had great fun rotting there in the fields in their goatish, swinish way.
What is the law?
Whatever happened to that bug woman you had, Guinevere?
She died so long ago.
I was on a caravan in those days.
I was a happy troubadour with a gang of baboons.
We used to sing cowboy tunes.
And one day we rolled into a town, I guess it was one of them middle ages vacuum empires,
which you got over on the other solar side of the system.
And next thing I knew, these guys were trying to like get into a sword fight with us.
He definitely didn't have his shots.
We were just too long for the ride.
And of course, most of us not only didn't have our shots, we had been repulsive for
long enough that they just kept us under the net.
And sometimes they'd throw fish to us, but most of the time they wouldn't even talk to
us.
And next thing you know, here we are in a great traditional vacuum cleaning house, you
know what I'm thinking?
With people standing around asking us if we want to actually come in and do something.

And we're like, no, we're not going to do anything.
We're going to go inside and take the final, final test.
To come is to believe.
I never thought that all I have to do is just like press my fingers together and push them
against my nostrils like so.
And push up on that area between my eyes and I could see everything so clearly.
It is a form of prayer, you know.
It's a form of getting yourself right with the powers of being.
It's a form of mental masturbation, Dave.
Grow up.
Dave.
Shave your palm.
My God.
Dave, what day this weekend are you going to come and get yourself right with the powers
that be?
The day of Kronos.
Let us know which day.
On the day of Saturn.
Saturn.
When it looks used to.
Oh, Dave.
It's so, you know, just getting Dave to say Saturday is so tough.
But friends, quickly, the post office box for information on Church of the Subgenius, of
course, is post office.
Just write to Bob, friends.
At the post office.
At the post office box, 140306, Dallas, Texas.
That's box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
And that's, of course, www.subgenius.com.
And you can look for Book of the Subgenius or Revelation X in better bookstores.
And Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
The secret orchestra is post office box 81555, Cleveland, Ohio.
Again, that's P.O.
Box 81555, Cleveland, Ohio, 44181.
44181, Einstein's Secret Orchestra and the Church of the Subgenius.
And it just never.
Oh, it does stop.
I guess it does.
It does finally.
It does finally.
It does finally.


Finally.
Finally.
Stop.
Where?
What?
What?
What was it?
Oh, this.
That's right.
This guy that hates staying.
Because somebody's going to have to get that evil potentate in Dallas off the air.
Too much.
Yeah, I don't know either.
I don't really understand if he understands how much we understand.
He's the Caliph of Dallas.
We've got a lot of the California forces around Dallas.
I don't know if he just quite understands exactly where he is.
He's the Caliph of Dallas.
He's the Caliph of Dallas.









You know, even if he does decide to cut him into Mexico or something, I think we'd only
see the darnedest Church and Destroy mission that the Subgenius wouldn't ever see.
Yes, what a Church and Destroy mission it was.
Yeah, but no.
I don't think mature audiences would go for it.
No, he doesn't need any help.
No, no.
That kind of scenario really isn't going to carry through.
...the final stage.
...the final stage.
Suggested for Victor Matur audiences only.
Well, I think Einstein is well aware of that fact.
and whether or not he cares about it or not.
I think, actually, given the options that he does have before him,
I suppose he may choose the marketing role.
I suppose if you're going to be squashed like a bug,
you might as well try to pick up a few sympathetic angles for history.
Well, how sympathetic are bugs anyway?
Yeah, really.
The first unit fires when tested in a distant cave.
This is the show that tries been sold.
I don't know, but I think we better turn the plot around
and see if we can draw this one accurately before we...
Almost makes me sad sometimes.
It's King Nenslow again.
Till I open those letters and see all that green stuff.
All those fat green bags that's rolling out.
I know exactly what he knows.
This is where I belong.
That's why we don't worry about those.
This is what I want.
That's what I was called to do.
Those geeks.
Master Control reached down its...
tendipods and handed me the shears and said,
there is your flock, my son.
Go to it!
Yes, sir.
And I'm doing it, too.
Doing the best I can.
Just going up there and clean them out.
Empty their pockets.
Give them a pat on the...
and say, okay, go grow me some more.
Yeah, well, it gives them...
I feel that it really gives them a purpose.
It gives them a feeling of accomplishment.
To know that...
to believe...
to believe that they're helping out something important.
Something bigger than they are.
Face it, it's the only mark most of them are ever going to make in this world.
It's the only thing...
thing that they'll ever be part of other than...
social security.
Or paying their taxes or...
or filling up a spot in the local cemetery.
It's just like...
moats of dust.
Whirling in the sunlight.
They're here for a moment and then they're gone.
And we give them what little we can.
And they give us...
everything we can get.
Oh, brother.
What a life.
What a life.
Four billion worldwide population, all living, have a computer god containment policy brain bank brain.
A real brain.
In the brain bank cities on the far side of the moon we never see.
Primarily based on your lifelong Frankenstein radio controls, especially your eyesight TV, sight and sound.
Recorded by your brain, your moon brain of the computer god.
Activates your brain.
