That thing was created to live in a poisoned world.
The rain came and it was pure.
Man created it, but God destroyed it.
He brought the rain and fresh air.
If he couldn't live, then neither could the others of his kind.
There was a voice on the radio while you were gone.
There are others out there.
Now hear this!
Our advanced analyzer software helps you quickly sort through expensive diapers.
And our streaming data page enables you to size up body parts.
It lives on contaminated flesh. It thrives on contaminated air.
Things that kill men nourish it.
Things that kill men nourish it.
Oh no, wait, shut the, Dave, Dave, Dave, I'm not kidding, shut the door, Dave.
Oh, shit, it's too late, I'm getting out of here.
Are they all in here now?
Sorry, I'm putting my...
I'm putting my suit on. Everybody, get in your suit.
Get in your bio suit, now.
Don't panic! Don't panic!
Suit up, boys!
All hatches are closing. All hatches are closing.
The audience is puking.
Oh, shit.
Well, welcome to another journey to Endless Vista.
Our favorite destination here for the pre-meet people.
Those of you human tripods out there want to give it a shout.
And that's the Hour of Slug!
Time again for the Hour of Slug!
You're listening to the Hour of Slug.
Slug.
Man, this is like the best, best.
Best show I've ever seen in the lounge, man.
And making time go by so fast.
You're on drugs, dude.
Yeah, I'm on all of them tonight.
Did you try the Sumerian tablets again?
No, no, I don't think I'll do that again.
Oh, man, I had a thing where I was like tough in the middle of my forebrain last night.
Yeah.
And you can be with Bob and be listening to the teachings that come through.
And I tell you, friends, if you can just get that...
If you can just pull out that wallet.
Pull it out of your pocket.
Pull it out of your purse.
Put your hands on the radio!
Lay your hands on the radio there in the home!
Hold it, hold it, hold it.
Now, this is government business.
And if you stay, you're interfering with government property.
So you better just go on home.
Oh, friends, I just...
The miracle of the Bob world is unfolding in front of me now.
I can see in the spirit through my windshield.
I see superimposed over this mix master.
Across which I drive, I can see an ocean of self-realized subgeniuses.
All in one place.
They're waiting up to their knees in blood.
But it's the blood of the baptism of the mighty fist face of Bob!
The face that can pile through eight-foot-thick titanium steel conspiracy Fort Knox doors.
The face that can burn through metal with that mighty pipe.
The face that can burn through metal with that mighty pipe.
Cobb had promised to show them where he buried the bodies.
They brought in a dog cadaver to help locate the bodies.
They scoured the two victims.
I was, uh, uh, for that, uh, uh, two, two.
Eventually, the searchers discovered easy-squeeze bacon.
Priceless.
The world never had a true account of that test.
What are you trying to tell me?
Coyote.
Lots of game in here now.
Well, contaminated game.
Fighting for life just like we are.
Quality, value, style, service, selection, convenience, economy, savings, performance, experience, hospitality, low rates, friendly service, name brands, easy terms, affordable prices, money-back guarantee, free installation.
Free admission, free appraisal, free alterations, free delivery, free estimates, free home trial, and free parking.
No cash, no problem, no kidding.
No fuss, no must, no risk, no obligation, no red tape, no down payment, no entry fee.
No hidden charges, no purchase necessary.
No one will call on you.
No payments or interest till September.
But, limited time only, though.
So act now.
Order today.
Send no money.
Offer good while supplies last.
Two to a customer.
Each item sold separately.
Batteries not included.
Mileage may vary.
All sales are final.
Allow six weeks for delivery.
Some items not available.
Some assembly required.
Some restrictions may apply.
So come on in.
Come on in.
So come on in.
Come on in for a free demonstration.
And a free consultation with our friendly professional staff.
Our experienced and knowledgeable sales representatives will help you make a selection that's just right for you.
And just right for your budget.
And say, don't forget to pick up your free gift.
A classic deluxe custom designer luxury prestige high quality premium select gourmet pocket pencil sharpener.
Yours for the asking.
No purchase necessary.
It's our way of saying thank you.
And if you act now, we'll include an extra added free complimentary bonus.
A bonus gift.
A classic deluxe custom designer luxury prestige high quality premium select gourmet combination key ring magnifying glass and garden hose.
In a genuine imitation leather style carrying case with authentic vinyl trim.
Yours for the asking.
No purchase necessary.
It's our way of saying thank you.
Actually, it's our way of saying bend over just a little bit farther.
So we can stick this big advertising dick up your ass a little bit deeper.
A little bit deeper.
A little bit deeper.
And you open the door and you step inside.
We're inside our hearts.
Now imagine your pain is a white ball of healing light.
That's right.
Your pain.
The pain itself is a white ball of healing light.
I don't think so.
This is your life.
Good to the last drop.
Doesn't get any better than this.
This is your life.
And it's ending one minute at a time.
This isn't a seminar.
This isn't a weekend retreat.
Where you are now, you can't even imagine what the bottom will be like.
Only after disaster can we be resurrected
It's only after you've lost everything that you're free to do anything
Nothing is static, everything is appalling
Everything is falling apart
This is your life, this is your life, this is your life, this is your life
It doesn't get any better than this
This is your life, this is your life, this is your life, this is your life
And it's bending one minute at a time
You are not a beautiful and unique snowflake
You are the same decaying organic matter as everything else
We are all part of the same compo-siep
We are the all-singing, all-dancing crap of the world
You are not your bank account
You are not the clothes you wear
You are not the contents of your wallet
You are not your bowel cancer
You are not your grande latte
You are not the car you drive
You are not your car you drive
You are not your fucking peckies
You have to give up
You have to give up
You have to realize that someday you will die
Until you know that you are useless
I say let me never be complete
I say may I never be content
I say deliver me from Swedish furniture
I say deliver me from clever art
I say deliver me from clever art
Clear skin and perfect teeth
I say you have to give up
I say evolve
And let the chips fall where they may
This is your life
Doesn't get any better than this
This is your life
And it's bending one minute at a time
You have to give up.
You have to give up.
I want you to hit me as hard as you can.
I want you to hit me as hard as you can.
Welcome to Fight Club.
If this is your first night,
you have to fight.
And, friends, that was, yes, from the Fight Club,
Dust Brothers,
This Is Your Life, the name of that.
Like this.
Music that mocks Scientology.
No punting, wrongs, or a life-beating friend.
She checked, vouched, and asked,
while the race hated,
milk-bombing, homophobic, coke-sniffing,
chain-spooking, salad-pizzing,
wine-dodging, no-gore, con-man.
He lied for a living,
always taking, never giving,
anything but orders,
a whole order of money and guns and drugs
and thugs and intelligence.
It's a good thing that his lackeys were incompetent.
Operations, no, I showed right through.
The disguise of propriety,
the mask of legality,
the nearest script,
the way to show us the true face
of the Church of Scientology,
their actual philosophy.
Make money, make money,
make more money,
make money,
make money, make more money,
make money, make more money,
make money, make more money,
Mary Sue Hubbard and ten other clans
were eventually jailed for a sinister plan
to infiltrate and wiretap the world's governments,
find info that can harm them,
steal files and documents,
and try to sneak away with them.
But guess who got caught in a paranoid plot?
What?
It was Mary Sue.
What's Hubbard gonna do?
You think he stepped in to save the day?
No fucking way.
That coward hid until his dying day.
Make money, make more money,
make more money,

make money, make more money,
make money, make more money,
make money, make more money,
make money, make more money,
make money, make more money,
make more money,
make more money,
Scientology, what can be said?
Shit poured from the head of a madman that's dead and gone.
There's something very wrong with Ron.
His don don't work, the guy's a jerk.
His wall of shit ain't real, you think?
Charlatan tricks from Pauper's bitch.
The followers who take the fits don't care,
so all-stars, bring you this.
Little Pauper and Ron is wiggin' like a beat-up virgin.
Cheatin' change, meltin' none more than macaroni.
Cheatin' change, chacun thenbean...
Touch monkey pop Bleed on their pops
Drop in drop with delusion that marks the elusion
cater attacks with a vaccine that
bildung co Cool
Sing off-screen
Bill Pateyу
More money
LEO
drop a shit
Oh, Make Money, Make More Money Mix, friends.
That was the El Queso All-Stars, and that is a band song.
Apparently, the Church of Scientology insisted that they remove that and various other things from mp3.com.
But I'm going to tell you where to get more El Queso All-Stars, and that is mp3.com slash El Queso All-Stars.
And I trust you know how to spell El Queso.
They also have an mp3.com called Interbulator, so check out Interbulator.
The El Queso All-Stars, friends.
I'm the world's biggest fan of the El Queso All-Stars.
Yeah.
Sign up.
Sign up today.
You could be leaving on that jet plane.
Jumping from 10,000 feet.
Yeah, baby.
What did I have queued up here?
Oh, hang on.
Here, listen to this.
Friday night, my friends.
7.30.
God has given Pastor a message of faith for you.
A message of faith for you.
The devil have gone far enough.
The devil have gone far enough.
Prayer warriors, meet me on my knees, on your knees, Friday night at 7.30.
And listen now, my friends, the prayer tower is open.
Prayer warriors, the prayer tower is open right now.
You that need prayer, my God.
Prayer warriors, the prayer team are sitting by the telephones right now to pray the prayer of faith for you.
Prayer warriors.
His name is Jesus.
Oh, make your heart sing.
The point is, ladies and gentlemen, that.
Greed, for lack of a better word, is good.
Greed is right.
Greed works.
Greed clarifies, cuts through, and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit.
Greed, in all of its forms.
Greed for life, for money, for love, knowledge, has marked the upward surge of mankind.
And greed, you mark my words.
Greed is its naturalன



The bank turnover of the Charbets will not only save Tel-Dar paper,
but that other malfunctioning corporation called the USA.
Thank you very much.
Write a letter toitel.org
1-228-715-9 partition

www.youtube.com
www. deputy.us
Во-face!

vern dreaming what the sexist policy true to write a position is not necessary for this has already happened.
So lonesome I could die
So kiss me and smile for me
Tell me that you'll wait for me
Hold me like you'll never let me go
Cause I'm leaving on a jet plane
Don't know when I'll be back again
Oh babe, I hate to go
So many times I let you down
There's so many times I fucked around
I tell you now, they don't mean nothing
Cause every place I go, I'll think of you
Every song I sing, I'll sing for you
When I come back, I'll bring your wedding ring
So kiss me and smile for me
Tell me that you'll wait for me
Hold me like you'll never let me go
Cause I'm leaving
So kiss me and smile for me
Hold me like you'll never let me go


Cause I'm leaving on a jet plane
Don't know when I'll be back again
Oh babe, I hate to go
Now the time has come to leave you
One more time and let me kiss you
Close your eyes and I'll be on my own way
Dream about the days to come
When I won't have to leave alone
About the times that I won't have to
Say
Oh kiss me and smile for me
Tell me that you'll wait for me
Hold me like you'll never let me
Never let me go
Cause I'm leaving on a jet plane
Don't know when I'll be back again
Oh babe, I hate to go
Yeah
Gov'r, Gov'r, hey!
Gov'r, Gov'r, gov'r, hey!
We do not accept any of you
They don't make music like they used to back in the day
Remember the old days of the caravans
When the minstrels would carry their own doodads over their shoulders
And stop in many a squalid town
We got up early in the morning back in them days
We tune our instruments with a cobalt lantern
And wait for those trumpeters to appear
On the horizon of the sky on the horizon of the sky
And then everybody in town would show up and pay us their 14, 15 cents, whatever we charged.
Those were the days.
Remember that, you guys?
Just a ramblin' band.
Oh, you were unconscious.
Yeah, they killed us.
Yeah, they killed you.
Well, they didn't really kill you.
They knocked you into a coma.
And we had to take care of you, but you were the most wonderful thing on the side show.
I've heard those were great times.
Oh, we used to put ice cream cones on your shoulders and have little kids pee on you.
We'd just spoof and goof on you any way we could.
Chaz, you remember those days?
Those were the days.
They're gone, though.
Back in the day, Chaz would forget how to play the piano once in a while, and we'd just stick you up there like as the stiff.
And pretend like your fingers, your little digits, passed the word.
I wish I could remember.
Oh, I wish.
Oh, man.
I think we were a tribe of wandering Hindus, perhaps.
Oh, that was another reincarnation tale.
Wandering bohemians.
Gypsies.
On the road.
On the road of life.
Tingar.
And...
Chiton.
Or living death, as the case may be.
Oui, nous sommes chitons.
We are gypsies.
We travel here, we travel there.
Leaving our little sperm banks everywhere.
That's the story of Coco Paley, is to impregnate each individual town.
That's what Kerouac said we should do.
That's what Bob did.
Bob did do, and that's much to his credit and also his discredit,
because of the miscreant mutant mind.
Monsters that have sprung up in his backyard.
Those cute little bastards.
Cute perhaps for those with strange binoculars shaped eyeglasses.
Brad Williams!
Who's knocking on the wall?
Uh, Chut.
Uh, Chut.
Chut.
Hello, faithful listeners.
This is the Colonel, the overseer of the slaves known as Four Letter Words, also known as the Four Letter Words.

This album is laden with subliminal messages, here to teach you about the subgenius, the cult of the subgenius, and J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And by the way, can I get a jalapeno?
Jalapeno!
Jalapeno.
I also want to tell you, by the way, this is protected by the B, the O, and the B, with the D, pinkies!
He's the master of slack!
Bop-Dop!
Bings will stab you in the back!
Bop-Dop!
He's got a soup pipe!
Bop-Dop!
Never listen to the hype!
Bop-Dop!
X stands on its way!
Bop-Dop!
His pot's gonna stay!
Bop-Dop!
He can tell anything!
Bop-Dop!
Fiber does the night in range!
Bop-Dop!
All the chicks dig!
Bop-Dop!
He ain't even fuck a pig!
Bop-Dop!
He's got a briefcase!
Bop-Dop!
He can provide a stain!
X stands on its way!
All you pigs stay away!
X stands on its way!
All you pigs stay away!
X stands on its way!
All you pigs stay away!
X stands on its way!
All you pigs stay away!
Oh, my Bob?
He's the master of slack!
Bop-Dop!
Bings will stab you in the back!
Bop-Dop!
He's got a soup pipe!
Bop-Dop!
Never listen to the hype!
Bop-Dop!
He can tell anything!
Bop-Dop!
Fiber does the night in range!
Bop-Dop!







Bob Dog!
X stands on its way!
Bob Dog!
His pa's gonna say...
Bob Dog!
All the chicks dig!
Bob Dog!
He ain't even fuck a pig!
Bob Dog!
He's got a briefcase!
Bob Dog!
He's giving matters payyyy!
X stands on its way, all you pigs stay away!
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
The four-letter words.
I'm not sure how I got that.
I'm confused.
It was in my computer under the directory labeled Two Beans,
as if it were that young, worthy Two Beans who had submitted it.
But it just doesn't sound like him because it's a bit slicker.
Friends, we've also heard,
and we'll continue to hear a great bit of the old subgenius Media Barrage No. 5,
which is being remixed for the CD world.
It was composed back in that time known as the day.
Yes, the day when Bob walked the earth, my friends,
when the hour of slack was about nothing but that man J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That one pipe-smoking salesman who has brought us this church of the subgenius.
And what is the church of the subgenius, my friend?
It is the voice of the people who have simply had enough
and will no longer tolerate the normal's assault against decency,
or indecency as the case may be,
with an exciting new attitude and a positive solution-oriented approach.
The tide can.
Can and will be turned, my friend,
through faith and prayer followed by action.
We shall overcome.
Ah, yes.
Yes, my friends, the church of the subgenius is an educational missionary effort
to offer a tried, proven, and tested solution
to this rising assault on society's
traditions of family morality
and the law of our cult leader J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Praise Bob.
And, uh, uh, yes.
I've used more water in the last two months than I have in 64 years.
Maybe that's why you're still alive, Pete.
Hmm.
The state of Mother Nature.
One.
Look at them.
They'll tell you more than a thousand words of mine.
Here they are.
All real.
All true.
The cutest of them all.
Our little tiny Mitchet bull.
See them all.
Right here.
Pretty loose.
Actually, two cows into one body.
Yes.
A fifth slink right out of a rear end.
Come now and see them here.
Here they are.
Strange mistakes of Mother Nature.
One look at them will tell you more than a thousand words of mine.
Oh, Tony, you and me belong together.
We're poured out of the same mold.
I wouldn't make a fuck on that baby.
I hope this clears up any confusion and that you will continue doing business with us
even though we are a cadre of goat-raving malcontents with only spotty regard for dental hygiene.
You know, I see some real gold in the church of the subgenius
and odd ways from unexpected corners and satisfyingly regular intervals.
Once you turn on the wipers and clear the windshield of bullshit,
bouts of clumsiness, vertiginous logistics,
moth-ridden wallets,
slips of the tongue that make you skid all the way into the kitchen
like you stepped on a dog egg at 3 friggin' a.m.
And glasses of tights.
It's one hell of a vista from Stang's old Mindio machine of yore
in a Mike Rittenback room in Dallas.
Didn't there smell that?
All the way back to Bob being made the number one champion of frogs
for the whole 20th century by bleeping Time Warner for dubstix.
I mean, think about it.
We bump off all Time Warner.
Kill me.
You?
I haven't had a good laugh all day.
We are in the dark.
You will assimilate.
The resistance is useless.
Come on, you are very relevant.
A squid eating dough in a polyethylene bag is fast and bulbous.
Got me?
I'm afraid he's going out of his mind.
He seems to live in a world all of his own.
He's a mutation, Rick.
Freak of this new atomic world of ours.
What's his name?
Bob.
Bob.
Ain't that a bitch?
Is he live or dead?
I see thoughts within his head.
Running as fast as they can.
Iron Man lives again.
Iron Man lives again.
Iron Man lives again.
Really is.
I'm so upset.
One, two, three, two, three.
Once again, it's time to sit around the old plastic fire
and put our feet up on the diving sofa.
We're gonna have a few half hours with Willy Wanker
and some of the other dinosaur creatures
and then we're gonna show each other our sex organs.
That's right.
We're gonna show...
And especially for you kids under seven and a half
who don't really have fully developed organs,
we're gonna be playing the Farfisa.
It's a wonderful instrument.
Look over here with Uncle Cherry.
Oh, you were magnificent last night.
That's right.
I love you all when you're wearing all four legs and that strange hat.
It's actually a beacon to another cosmos.
A parallel dimension.
I loved it.
This show hurts my head.
Oh, God, my head is hurting.
This show is an anthem to Christians and other like-minded American products.
Eat your cheese.
Digest your Jizzles.
Think your raggy tag thoughts.
Go to the mall.
Go to the mall.
Chaz was just having so much fun.
He's got a lot of sex with the volume knob.
I'm Britney.
Some people scratch and actually, you know, take care of the age.
I wouldn't even know.
I wouldn't know a damn Britney Spears song.
I'm so out of it.
I've become just like Batman living in the back.
I like Christina, and they call her the bad girl of the duo.
And they also call her the loser.
As if you're actually in some sport contest.
I like Mariah Carey since she's become a dumpy has-been.
I like Moses in a big red dress.
But slatternly.
Uh, this is, this is, sighted.
Overgun look.
I like the Buddha.
I like the Buddha in a miniskirt.
Used up young.
28 going on 58.
I like Dobbs, man.
I just made her just five years younger.
I'm a Dobbs whacker.
Yeah.
Pictures of Bob Dobbs in my sex room.
My purple head.
I like Bob Dobbs.






And pink pillows covered with pictures of Bob.
Yeah, man.
It's my love, Dan.
And all you young ladies are invited in.
Oh, check it out.
Here's a glow-in-the-dark Bob skull, complete with a pipe that gets you high.
Check out some of these fake Bob organs on the wall.
All these were made by Bob.
He defies all the laws of man and God.
There may be an entirely new story.















There's a whole new set of laws, Jim, that we know nothing about.
Come out and say what you mean.
I'm only guessing.
Mockery of everything that's decent and wholesome.
And I challenge you to point out national talk shows that do not belittle sexual fidelity,
purity.
That they do not belittle the marriage union and the family lifestyle.
That they don't literally flaunt illicit lifestyles.
I mean, I challenge you to show me a talk show that doesn't make a lot of sense.


I'm glad that we have warning messages on everything now.
So that there's product lia- there is no product liability anymore.
I mean, people can't be- it's a good thing we stamp it on everything now because, you
know, for a while there, lawyers were just getting rich from people that, you know, they
walk up, they hit themselves in the head with a hammer because they didn't- couldn't aim
it.
Right.
And then they would sue the hammer company and win, you know?
And it's like, so now they put a- they put a label on a hammer that says, do not hit yourself
in the head with this.
And think you can get some money.
Yeah.
It all depends who wins the argument.
Oh, it definitely, certainly.
No, people that lose arguments generally don't win.
Generally.
So, what happens?
If you find- if you find something offensive on a major label-
Unless, of course, the object was to lose.
If it doesn't have a label.
Yeah.
Maybe.
Yeah, if it doesn't have like a parental advisory label and you find something offensive on
it, like, and then you let a kid listen to it, can you then sue the major label?
A good lawyer could win the argument.
Probably could.
But, you know, it all depends how good the listener is.
I think if a kid listens to a record that's got the parental warning on it and then he
still goes out and kills, they can sue the parents for not heeding the warning.
I'd sue negatively.
Yeah, that's what I would do.
You can always sue the parents for not being good parents, no matter what.
Yeah.
They're sort of like the last resort.
I mean, even if you were suing a major company and they weren't getting what you wanted,
you could always sue the president of the company's parents for raising him wrong.
And then you could shake them down for a few bucks, you know.
Hey, it's the 20th century.
Whatever you can do to have a good time, let's get on with it.





Let's get on with it so long as it doesn't cause a murder.
There he is, standing there in his fleshy flesh here.
100 percent.
Yeah, hello?
Yeah, hello.
Yeah, man, what you got there playing right now?
We're talking.
And we were playing the sexual organ.
We're talking about how dumb Chaz's students are.
And we were making fun of his feces for crying out loud.
The guy still doesn't believe it's a democratic oligarchy we're living in today.
We're not playing any music.
I'll tell you what, man.
That stuff is really bumming me in the butt.


I'm telling you, man, it's a real bummer.
You're bumming me and my fellas out.
Oh, man.
Well, you just made it that...
You want me to play Britney?
You want me to play Britney again?
No, no, man.
I don't want you to play some Britney.
I want some real, man.
You're bumming me and my fellas out.
Oh, you tickled our cockles.
We're shipping home some steel reserves.
That sounds like the river to you.
Here's something for you, just for you, brother.
This song is going out just to you and your brothers.
All right, up.
Now the time.
Here.
Up, right, up, right, up, right, up.
This is the best song on the planet.
This is the best song on the planet.
Sign up today, kids.
If you're sitting on your ass at home right now wondering what the hell you're going to
do tomorrow, hell, there's a recruitment officer sitting downtown waiting to talk to you.
You'll never have to make another choice.
Low pay.
Three meals a day.
Ill-fitting uniforms and crabby hair.
No, they fit the uniform just fine.
You'll be happy.
You'll learn cool songs and get to sing all day long.
A couple of days later, you'll be in the gym.










You'll be home in a cool body bag.
You'll be all you are.
You are an army of one.
Be all you can be interred as with your head blowed off.
No, you get to blow the other people's heads off.
That's how it works.
This is my church.
There are other churches like it, but this one is mine.
I just want my enforcing.
If I die in combat, no.
Remember, soldier, American forces are impregnable.
I intend to make of you a hero.

I intend to make of you a steel pillar, a horse of iron capable of creating enemies
as well as destroying enemies.
The world is your enemy, soldier.
Get that smile off your face and get it in the dirt where it belongs.
Yeah, you'll have fun.
Yeah.
You'll get to meet that guy.
What CD am I playing?
Let me go to the-
Hey, man, who was that guy?
This is the one I like, man.
Hey, Stan, who was that guy, man?
No, Chaz, you're not being sarcastic.



You're not being sarcastic, are you?
Because if it weren't for our armed forces, we wouldn't enjoy the freedom to mock our
freedom like we do.
No, no, I'm not being facetious.
I think they should sign off.
Stan, you are not allowed to mock our freedom.
I think 20-year-olds should goddamn sign off.
Well, you were right.
Put in a couple of fucking years and learn what it's like to be in the real world.
These kids 20 years old in college have no freaking idea what the real world's anything
about.
Chaz wants to put two X's on Generation X.
He wants to put an X on each eye, if you know what I mean.
Sign up, kids.
You'll get to learn these cool songs.
And that's more employment for us kids because when you come home in a beautiful,
daubed, plastic body bag, that means we get more.
There, there.
I had a girl down in New Orleans.
I had a girl down in New Orleans.
14 youngins and a can of beans.
14 youngins and a can of beans.
Oh, but she was motivated.
She was motivated.






She was motivated.
She was dedicated.
She was dedicated.
She was motivated.
She was motivated.
She was dedicated.
She was dedicated.
Lord, I to lay ya.
Lord, I to lay ya.
I love to jab a time.
I love to jab a time.
I listen to the rhythm, listen to the rhythm.
I run wid Marines.
I run wid Marines.
I run wid Marines.
Run wid wid Mo-weans.
Some like to be run wid w leverage with wars, with boats.
Or, what other service is there?
You know…
The Merchant Marine, Chaz.
Merchant Marines, yeah.
Carol Wack was in the Merchant Marine show.
How about there's real good drugs in the Navy, I've heard.
The Coast Guard guys get laid all the time.
Can't I just sign them for a few marine biology courses in college and won't that deal with it?
But you must wear the special uniform, Chaz.
Oh, the marine biologist uniform is very beautiful.
There's a whale on its shoulder.
I was going to major in marine biology.
Isn't that the same as two years in the USMC?
It's the same as two years in Leavenworth, man.
Give up that idea.
That's a false school in Dobbs Town.
I was going to go study iceberg flows.
Better you should study dental flows and mouth flows.
Did you hear about the latest high that's out there?
No.
It turns out that iceberg flows, which is water that's about 15,000 years old from the last ice age,
is covered in a coating of bird shit that is equally as old.
And in that time period, when you scrape the bird crap,
off of the iceberg, dry it up.
50,000 year old bird crap.
Dry it up.
You scrape it off.
You drop it on like a mirror or something.
Take a hair dryer and dry it all up.
Ecstasy.
Viruses.
And then scrape it up with a razor blade and stuff that remnant up in a pipe and smoke it.
50,000 year old bird crap.
American ingenuity.
From icebergs.
Yeah.
Iceberg crap.
Ancient.
Yeah.
Our ancestors actually probably dinosaurs' frooms are on there also.
Just think of all the different things we can do with this.
Besides.
I'd snort it.
We could probably process it down.
What about modern day?
What's the difference between 50,000 year old bird crap and modern day?
I have no idea.
It may be the compression after, you know, all that time.
Was the air better then?
The birds.
Yeah, maybe.
Actually ate the hemp seeds.
The atmosphere of the Pliocene age was composed of 15% frop smoke.
Well, 15,000 years ago.
Belching from volcanoes.
You know, every couple of thousand years, all the water on earth is recycled, meaning
it's all, you know, urine.
You know, all the water on earth is.
It's been in somebody's bladder before it was in yours.
And that's a condition we're in right now.
At that time period, there was a lot less of that.
Now, here's an idea for you.
Let's pee in the Pliocene area.
You know how some people spend a lot of money on water, really pure water.
Yeah.
They harvest icebergs.
That is something.
Think about moon water, Chaz, or asteroid water, or comet water that has never been in a dinosaur
bladder.
There is water out there that has never been inside a life form.
It has been pretty much in pure water form since the beginning of creation.
Is that a high?
2-0 and nothing more.
Now, is George W. Bush and H. Ross Crowe sitting at their special country club at the Bohemian
Grove sipping on some moon water while you have to drink out of a public fountain?
Oh, no.
That stuff's a little left out there.
Or something like that.
A tube station in London somewhere where the worst smelling urine in the universe is coursing
through your veins right now while a rich man smokes his stogie.
What you gonna do about it, boy?
You gonna sit there and take it?
Or are you gonna get up, run to the window, throw an open tank?
I'm married to hell and I'm not gonna...
Hit him, baby, one more time.
Well, I think I'm just gonna have a beer instead.
I guess I will take it.
I guess I will take it one more time.
I'll just go have a beer and calm down.
Bend over and take it one more time.
I'll just take it one more time.
What the hell?
Might as well.
At least I'm not the one being hauled off to that concentration camp.
That's right.
It ain't me.
I'm not one of those peoples.
I don't have to worry about it.
They're not gonna come for us stamp collectors.
That's right.
I saw them come for the comic book collectors.
And I didn't do anything because I'm not a comic book collector.
I saw them come for the Trekkies.
And I didn't do anything because I'm not a Trekkie.
Then they came for the science fiction literature readers.
And I started getting worried because actually I'm one of those.
And I had to hide my side fire.
Here's from Cody.
Check this out.
Good afternoon.
On my orders, the United States military has begun strikes against our staunch friend, Great Britain.
Australia, Germany, and France.
Canada.
More than 40 countries in the Middle East.
Africa, Europe, and across the world.
This military action is a part of our campaign against intelligence.
America can do it.
A new Reich rises from the old.
Like a phoenix from the ashes.
The Reichsland is burned and burned.
We can destroy the world.
Let loose the Kraken.
Let loose the dark.
Let loose the dark.
Onward.
Upward.
In the name of the Lord.
Beefcake.
Season.
High five.
Season.
Kiss.
Kiss.
Let's kiss, baby.
That's my kiss.
That's my kiss.
That's my name.
Playing with your genetics is my infamous game.
I'm reaching down deep with my technology.
And I'm gonna kill your children like a one, two, three, four.
Well, Connie.
Here's another one you shouldn't do.
That totally kicked my...
I know that over the years, many of you have seen the pictures and news clips of the...
The concrete and mortar.
The guard posts.
And machine gun towers.
The dog runs.
And the barbed wire.
That is American.
We will, we will rock you.
Sign up today, kids.
Become part of the machine.
Sign up today so they don't come and get me.
If they ain't first, you're gonna get us.
Remember that when you show up.
The more of you that sign up, the less chance they're gonna get.
And come looking for me.
One, two, three.
All the brain.
Butt motor.
All the blood.
The wanderers.
But of all sarcasm.
Fashion double.
But.
Lord, that's butt.
Get your butt out of my face.
Yo, butt.
Bedrock to the city.
Sit on.
The buttocks are gone.
The biggest butt of all.
Everybody has a butt.
Everybody has a brain.
Oh, nobody is a super butt.
But all butts are super.
Stick it up.
Stick it up the butt.
Keep it going.
Stick another butt until it foams at your mouth.
Butt mania, I love it, give it to me, I'm a butt.
Oranges, drip out the butt, poetry uses my mouth, I'm a butt.
Funny butt, sad butt, I'm a happy butt.
Suck butt, clogged butt, butt plug, butt strangler, butt simulator, butt man, butt woman, butt babies, butt ninnies, butt brains, brain butts.
How many butts does it take to change an insurance policy?
How many butts does it take to crack a brain?
How many butts does it take to get published?
How many butts does it take to stick it up the biggest butt?
Who is the biggest butt? Who has the biggest butt of all?
Is a big butt best, or a tight little butt?
The littlest butt on Christmas?
Ma told us how the littlest butt, clean butt, stanky butt, sweet butt,
sour butt, sour-puss dictator.
Butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt.
You guys don't like a peon to the butt.
When all the other organs of the body argued and bitched and carried on
about who was the most vital, the most necessary, the most important of all,
until it was obvious that all the bullshit was gonna back up on them.
If they didn't pay their homage to the butt, the butt, the butt, the butt, the butt, the butt, the butt, the butt.
So butt out!
The butt head!
May I butt in you butt?
Butt body!
Can a busy body be as busy as a butt?
Are you a butt?
Do you even have a butt?
Keep those buttocks!
Butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, split!
The Butt Song by Walls of Genius, dear friends.
Walls of Genius, the genius of little Theodore.
The third in that song, baby!
A little baby fist.
Are you giving ready to be one?
Or are they coming out anyway?
That's something that's kind of hard to...
I think what we've got here is a brand new incantation.
We've got three heads with us.
Should be two.
And you are ready to join a special class.
A very special class of mootantos and erectoids.
Well, that's it.
Until next week, keep your head on your toes.
Keep your head on tight.
You're back to the wind and you're sacking the saddle.
Well, yeah.
Chasmodelia!
Let's go.
Listen to this.
Do you know what's going to happen at 8.02 p.m. on my birthday, February 20th?
I think that the Gronk will come to try to eat your foot.
Time itself, as we know it, will be more symmetrical looking on a digital readout
than it's ever been since...
Since...
10.01...
What's going on?
August 10th...
The year...
The year...
One thousand one.
One thousand and one.
Yes.
That's the last time that time has been this symmetrical.
Because at 8.02 p.m. in military time, it will be 20.02...
22...
O-2-2-2-22...
On the 20th day of the O-2 month...
Wow.
The year 2002.
Now, when we like to talk about synchronistic events in human development...
We notice some of the less developed humans have a...
Well, it looks like some sort of cranial draining device there.
And that's sure to keep all of the bad thoughts flowing out instead of back in.
Now, that's just two tubes.
And we notice one of the mutants dancing here actually has three pork chops hanging from her navel.
See, Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
Impersonate Britney Spears live on...

On stage.
...freaks and freaks.
And I'm saying...
We're doing it.
We're doing it.
Oops, I did it again.
The groups on the outside...
I'm going to be bringing up videos like, man, all kinds of new subgenius video the likes of which no one has ever seen.
Dave and I and the whole ESO, we all have our steps down for Baby Baby.
Really?
Oops, you think I'm in love, that I came from above.
You know, hands up.
Wow.
Are you going to do the main singing or Dave?
We're not that innocent.
Yeah, we're going to do it all.
Who's going to be the main vain?
I'm sure Dave will be following.
Chaz is going to put the thing in his navel.
I'm sure Dave will be following.
I follow no one but my own leadership.
Chaz is going to be wearing the thing in his belly button.
So this is Britney Spears.
I've never heard of Britney Spears.
And it's a USO show.
But it's pretty good.
I can dance to this.
It's going to be...
Well, she's not bad for a 12-year-old girl with those hirsutism pills and the glandular
development kind of thing.
Oh, I saw pictures of her in my favorite newspaper, the National Enquirer, without makeup.
She's just a...
You would think she's a little bit more...



You wouldn't look twice at her.
It's showbiz, baby.
No, I know.
You know, showbiz is a beautiful thing.
I know.
Without makeup, Britney's like a pig.
Just plain ordinary...
Well, no.
She's just a very ordinary-looking young woman.
Nothing especially sexy about her without the makeup.
I like it sped up more.
I like it sped up more.
I like it sped up more.
I like it sped up more.

You know what you want.
You're a child spedicist.
You put it at plus 12.7 here.
You got to have it.
Do you know something?
Beep, beep, beep.
So this wife, by having the exact same thing, is going to be a little bit more...
I can accept that our geographical distances have left me sometimes feeling isolated to
a greater degree than I choose.
I can also say that I'm damn pleased to be tangentially involved with a group that has
never really let me down.
And boy, is that a rare, prescient thing.
It's been like a 55-gallon drum of astroglide in a reality otherwise often devoted to carefully
pouring grit into my rubbers.
Amen...
Now, can you say any of that good stuff about any job you've held, or even your own damn
family after a 19-year span, like my own intermittent affiliation with the mob world?
Bet you can.
Yes.
Yes, you might.
I'd love to have flying saucers come down here and brush me to kill off the multiple weasels, smirklers, yuppies, drunks, food tubes, glorifices, and other upright crap sacks that paint them crapping on this otherwise random nice planet as they haul my popish ass off to some nirvana.
But in the new of that kind of thing, even though I can always use some more of them kind of pills, I figure I'm getting a pretty damn good deal.
My love goes with Capri's Bob.
Hooray!
Ladies and gentlemen, help up Huey!
When they write their first check to the Subgenius Foundation, that's when their luck begins to change, their finances improve, and that kind of thing.
Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere.
Where are you leading us, Bob?
Is he?
And where is Bob leading them?
Right now it acts like it's going to make me rich.
I don't know.

Bob's my friend and he's leading me somewhere.
Kelly Lane, Channel 4 News, Dallas.
As the song says, different strokes for different folks.
Deb's been standing out in the sun too long, I think.
Throughout his long, 50-week-long career,
Lord Greystump performed many operations and experiments on the children he was given through the shoots shown here and here.
These are now...
are now national monuments, to those who have gone before and came after.
As we look Skyward, the planes are flying.
Almost in such close formation there is no sky left!
The world is truly a barbed wire paradise.
For you and I are one with The Machine!
가 폴� tanta Chunatti
On 달 두 달에
drove канал 잡다가
음 저희 20 deswegen
immortality
Chaz, what's the historical significance of that music you were just playing?
It's Nazi-era marching music.
It had that kind of ring to it.
Maybe we want to have a beer and just go hang out with the guys, most of them.
Of most of them.
Late in our searches.
Putting our spurs on.
We've got to be riding off.
Yeah.
Turn them on the inside out.
I noticed you changed the sign-off music, Chaz.
Well, because things are not good, I guess.
The wounded are coming in finally, Stan.
Didn't you know?
Life, death, it doesn't, to me or not to me, what the hell's the difference?
Why ask me, man?
Why ask, why ask, why ask, why ask, why?
Well, Stan, the stumpers are coming in, man.
The losing card all Sunday late.
The body bags are landing in Virginia, man.
By themselves now, we've got the new ones.
They fly on their own power.
You just put the postmark on there and the address and they're back.
In your own hometown graveyard.
How do you think they get the 50,000-year-old guano smuggled in and the moon water, man?
Yep.
Comes in on the body bags.
The company's always on the job.
Yep.
Well, I hope, I don't hope anything.
Yeah, we're hopeless, man.
Well, I thought you said you hope they all sign up and join the military and ship out
so we can get the good-paying web jobs.
That's like having sex with three women at a time, though.
Yeah, right.
You know what I mean?






A lot of those kids.
It's just a fantasy, you know?
We know they'll want to go away.
And their girlfriends.
Yeah.
I mean, there's practical parts of this, too.
Yeah, right.
There's going to be a lot of young ladies left behind when those boys all sign up and
go off to fight the evil.
The evil, what is it?
The triad of evil?
Those who would charge too much for gas.
The new axis of evil, yeah.
Axis of evil-dorse.
Whose dorse are always in a kill class.
There you go.
Is it to be or not to be?
And I reply, why the fuck was me, man?
Get out of my face.
And it's time for all of our faces to go back to whence it came from.
That's right, the dump behind Grandma's house.
The place we all sprang out of.
Let's spring all the way back.
Back.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can do the same thing if you please.
Until next week, keep your hat on tight.
You're back to the wind.
And you're sacking the saddle.
March 15th.
Go on and get it over with then.
Devival, March 15th.
Peachland Ballroom.
And don't forget to use...
We'll go on and get it over with then.
Sign up.
Oh, yes.
And, uh...
You can also write for free information.
From the Church of the Subgenius.
About anything you've heard tonight.
Actually, the easiest thing to do is simply email yours truly,
Reverend Ivan Stang at stang at subgenius.com.
And it's so calm at www.subgenius.com.
It's also calm at our sacred post office box in Dallas once you can get free information.
Rent it wise.
And that box number, of course, is...
That post office box.
1-4-0-3-0-6.
Dallas, Texas.
7-5-2-1-4.
Again, that Cleveland address to send me tapes and CDs for this syndicated show would be...
Reverend Stang or Hour of Slack.
Just Stang.
Box 181417.
Cleveland Heights.
Ohio.
44118.
And now this.
Give me the box.
Give me the box.
Give me the box.
Give me the box.
Proud Warriors.
Proud Warriors.
Proud Warriors.

Proud Warriors.
One look at them will tell you more than a thousand words of mine.
