Oh
From the church
Dot-com and net and or a save dot-com
the air rays
Because it worked it's about the night we saved the universe
I
When we were born into this life
We were destined to make it right
And it's pretty determined
And this is our fate
We're singing this song
So you can read me
We are gone
The universe
We are full grown
We are grown up men
We are law passed
We pay to reason it
It is our mission
It is our task
It's obvious
Yet you still ask
We are gone
The universe
We are gone
The universe
We are gone


The universe
It is time
The universe
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Well, maybe next time.
One, two, three.
guitar solo
We learn the hard way
All I need is one more day
To get it right again
If I didn't know better
I'd know better than given
Give me time, I'll get it
Let me go around, let me go around
Let me go around again
Give me time, I'll get it
Let me go around, let me go around
Let me go around again
We need to get back
To the old religion
Back on track
Worship fire and air
And earth and water
And no despair
Give me time, I'll get it
Let me go around, let me go around
Let me go around again
Give me time, I'll get it
Let me go around, let me go around
Let me go around again
Days are seconds
Months are minutes
Step right up to the wheel and spin it
Hear the sound of a marching band
Mind the music and the steps
Let's dance
Let's dance
Watch me clean
In the blood
Of a rock and roll band
Before the flood
I will be
Your friend
Nothing less, nothing more
Nothing better than
Give me time, I'll get it
Let me go around, let me go around
Let me go around again
Give me time, I'll get it
Let me go around, let me go around
Let me go around again
Give me time, yeah
Give me time, give me time
It means I'm getting
Giving time, giving time
Giving time, I'll get it
Giving time, giving time
Did somebody say tan?
Poor misunderstood dude.
I'm Reverend Watt DeFock, ordained in the Church of the Subgenius,
all of whose members get to...
create our own gospels, or myths, or schticks, whatever,
instead of those ancient, flea-bitten, old-bargain church abasement supreme truths,
all poorly translated and transubstantiated now,
and all originally created, obviously, for blatant political control,
you know, using our God-given brains for a change.
Anyway, my shorter persevere, Bob Dobbs,
was telling me about the backyard barbecue wing-dingy-flung,
for his friends and angels and sinners, back in 1966,
or was it 99666?
While Connie was doing a favor for Mr. and Mrs. God,
friends call them Yahweh, Vishnala, and Jezebel,
while she looked after their special needs child, Cthulhu,
well, Father God introduced Bob to his old buddy,
the head of Karma Cleanup and Soul Recycling,
whom religious authorities and other scheming hustlers insultingly call Satan.
But I'm ramblin'.
Must be the frop.
Anyway, Bob struck up a chat with old Metroton, who summed it up neatly,
You don't blame the garbage crew for the stench of their trucks.
That's your garbage, people.
And calling me the evil one is like saying trash men are made of trash.
And Metch explained that, of course, when he encouraged humans to think and stay healthily skeptical,
those goddamn religion peddlers called him evil.
They'd all lose their minds.

They'd all lose their jobs and become street beggars like Jesus was,
if enough of their Irvine flocked-up souls realized our minds are the true holy of holies.
And infantile brainwashed worship makes Satan's eternal employer God puke,
as Holden Caulfield put it metaphorically.
As, of course, everything is.
Where's the frop pipe?
Anyway, it's important to that big, bad, old devil to tell us humans
not to give our brains away to those evil, religious con men.
Not to believe their transparent B.S.
Stay like good baby sheep now and let us fleece you or you'll burn.
Maybe later, or maybe we'll burn your ass right now.
Everywhere the same con.
This matters to me, Satan told Bob, because the nastiest, filthiest part of our job
is all the deceit and hatred and violence and murder.
Murder that human religion breeds.
That my crew and I have to clean up down there in the Sheol Karma pits
where you're all gonna lose it before jumping into the big bath.
The last and first big banggasm.
Sounds like fun, don't it?
Getting born again, as we must, is the most fun we can have without our skeletons on.
But, as Metch warns, my crew and I are professionals.
Don't try this at home.
Forcing your way out there.
There is, uh, well, he says, think of non-stop puking your own guts and feces.
That's fellatio from the Virgin Mary while Beethoven and Miles play a piano-trumpet duo.
Compared to the mess where suicide plops you.
And, if you used to know someone who's doing that, well, think of them whenever you find
some simple, direct way to make another person's life easier.
And do it for them.
That means much more than it sounds like now.
But, I'm reverend.
What the fuck do I know?
As I walk thework, my brain is clenched into a

When this believed-to- collaborations began on the Temple at Buckingham Palace with Davis
later, there ar Platt, and the motion questo, the river that goes below, was livestream.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Ah yes dear friends,
the swinging love corpses.
will be all that you hear.
Now I'm gonna go back,
and I won't be stopped.
I'm gonna go back
to smoke the ultimate fraud.
You just can't imagine
what it's like to you go
when reality's on hold
and Doc's Docs are show.
We got high,
so high,
Doc's Docs now do.
We got high,
so high,
Doc's Docs now do.
Oh, yeah.
I went way up high on Doc's Doc
Mountain. I climbed down.
I climbed up all the way to the top.
I took,
I took everything you could think of.
I shot
beers. I smoked
heroin.
I started marijuana.
I struck
I stuck, uh,
I stripped glue.
I put, uh,
um,
barbiturate
repositories in my rectal cavity.
I went home with a waitress
the way I always do.
Well, how was I to know
she was with the Russians too?
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!




I was hiding in
Havana.
I took a little risk.
Sent lawyers,
guns and money.
Dad kicked me out of this.
Hey!
I'm the innocent bystander
But somehow I got stuck
Between the rock and the hard place
And I'm down on my luck
Yes, I'm down on my luck
I'm down on my luck
Yes, I'm down on my luck
And I'm hiding in Honduras
I'm a desperate man
Settling lawyers
Guns and money
The shares hit the fan
Settling lawyers
Guns and money
Settling lawyers
Guns and money
Settling lawyers
Guns and money
Settling lawyers
Guns and money
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome, dear friends,
to the Subgenius Radio Ministry,
Hour of Slack with Princess We Are Doe
here with me and the lonesome cowboy Dave,
I was hoping.
Will Coleman.
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, there he is.
He's our Dave.
So, Dave, I have to do the credits
because we just...
I'm sorry, did me interrupt the credits?
We just finished hearing Bob Walkenhorn,
the first solo doing Lawyers, Guns and Money,
that Warren Ziva song.
I'm going to start from the beginning, actually.
The first thing we heard was the howls of dammit.
Then an introduction title sequence by Fernanda Nettily Moore.
We heard the swinging love corpses doing Save the Universe this time.
The Rainmakers.
The Rainmakers doing Given Time.
Some preaching by Reverend Watt D. Falk.
The Psychoskeletons doing I Dropped the Eyedrops.
And the swinging love corpses high on Dockstock Mountain.
And we're heading for Dockstock Mountain in two weeks.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And we will then...
be doing this show for six months from Fossil House
at St...on Dockstock Mountain in Stang Ranch outside Glen Rose, Texas,
which will be the new permanent address of the church, actually,
the next time we reprint membership packs.
But the good news is Lonesome Cowboy Dave's novel Neighbor World
is now out and around, out and about.
You can look at subgenius.com and you will know things.
Please, take it along.
I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry, Dave.
I entreat them, I beg of them to please, just take it along.
A teeny tiny, teeny, baby, teeny tiny little look.
And the music in the background is Mayan Ruins there.
Aha.
Yeah.
That's what it sounds like.
Ah, Mayan Ruins 2.
Well, we have some news that Dave knew, and we actually mentioned just before the rerun last week.
And, as I said, the good news is Lonesome Cowboy Dave's book is out.
But the bad news is our old hound dog, Dammit, is not at home listening to the show.
Not recognizing his master's voice.
No.
He's romping with Pappy in the heavenly version of Stang Ranch, where he came from.
Yeah, friends, I am sad to announce that Dammit boarded the saucers.
His old age caught up with him a week and a half ago.
Rather suddenly.
And he died at the vet's office in our arms.
Falling asleep.
Falling asleep with the euthanasia shot while we soaked his fur with our tears.
And we couldn't talk about it last show.
Too new.
I was so shook.
I could not believe how much I missed that old dog, you know?
And so we're kind of dedicating this show to our dog.
Our child, Dammit.
I'd say we're all the way dedicating it.
Yeah.
Well, we do have hope because we know there are more Dammit lookalikes and treeing walker coonhounds out there.
The subgeniuses of the Scrub Genius Forum have canonized him as Saint Dammit.
Or actually, they caninized him as Saint Dammit.
And everyone vowed to bite the mailman in his honor.
So, September 29th has been declared Saint Dammit and Bite the Mailman Day.
I already bit a few mailmen.
Just to be in line with the procrastinators and the drill sergeants, I jumped right in.
And actually, it was a Federal Express carrier.
And I got him on the knee real good.
He squealed like a little baby brat and fell to his knees.
I kicked him a few times.
Well, I know you're just supposed to bite the mailman or the delivery agent.
Not to beat him up afterwards.
But I just, he was so small and easy to beat up.
I just can't.
I couldn't resist.
You know what I mean?
Well, I'm glad there's somebody biting the mailman.
But who's going to walk Princess Wee and me?
Who are we going to hurry home to feed every day at 5 o'clock?
Who's going to push his cold nose against my elbow?
When I'm typing to get attention?
Yeah.
Oh.
So we, we, we're, um, we, I can't say we got over it exactly.
But we got to the, last week we got to the stage of grief where we were mad at him for dying.
We drove past this park about ten miles from our house.
And I remembered how I'd been planning to take him to that park because he'd love it.
And now I can't.
And that really ticked me off.
He denied it.
He denied me the pleasure of making him happy.
It's weird.
We were, all the stuff that we were most anticipating, like seeing his face when he realized he was back home at the ranch.
That's never going to happen thanks to that thoughtless son of a bitch.
And I say that in all factualness.
It's, how could he do this to us?
How dare he?
Didn't he think about what would happen to his two pet monkey people if he suddenly vanished?
So I guess that's, we're going through that, I'm guessing that's a healthy stage of the grief process.
Princess, we studied on those, right?
In case.
What's the next step that we go through?
After realizing there are monkey people?
Yes.
Getting a new puppy is the next step.
Well I always thought it was, first was the realization that you are monkey people.
That's the first thing you think of.
The second you think of who's going to take care of you after you realize you're a monkey people.
Is it going to be a dog or a cat or some, or both of them?
Two dogs and a cat don't stink.
As long as they, you know, they can farm for Jesus.
I think.
Farm?
Farm for Jesus?
Dogs?
Cats?
This is all news to me, Dave.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, they donate the blubber, the whale bubble.
Excuse me.
The whale blubber on the anniversary march, they donate to local foodie charities and needy characters.
We're needy.
Oh, like you never heard of such a thing.
Oh, excuse me.
We're needy.
We need a needy dog again.
I know.
They want something every five minutes.
It's funny.
They're trying to give it to them.
Exactly.
That dog had us so well trained.
We were like really good service humans.
And now we don't have anybody to service.
Our master is gone.
It's, I mean, it's hard to, you know, it's hard to be super funny.
Although he, that dog had a funny claw.
He had on his, the, the.
The.
The third claw on his right forepaw was black.
And all his other claws were white.
And for weeks now, Princess, we and I had a black line painted on our corresponding right hand finger to show we're in the Dammit Club.
So, you know, if you see me with a black fingernail, that means I'm not so much mourning for Dammit as remembering him.
It's creepy.
I mean, he could be.
Anyway, his name is spelled with an E, not an I.
And there's no N in it.
So it's not a cuss word.
Oh, like damn it.
Our friend, Reverend Zafod suggested that when we get a new dog that we call him some bitch.
That's okay to say when you talk about dogs, right?
Yeah.
Some bitch.
I guess.
So we.
You could call them Knuckles or Pee Pants or any number of different things.
They seem to like all those different names.
Who knows what they call them?
So they were dog names.
Of little dog names, Snuggles.
Not Snuggles.
Knuckles.
Like on your big beefy third finger.
Your hands.
Your meat.
You know, it's funny.
Okay, no more Pollyanna arguments, I suppose.
Well, like I know what happens when an animal dies.
They go to subgenius heaven.
And then when they graduate from that, they go to subgenius hell, which is even better.
You could not only can you chase cats, you could catch them and kill them over and over and over again.
Sort of like subgenius heaven for subgeniuses.
You can catch that school teacher that slapped you on the wrist and do it to her for her idea of eternity.
Although you can stop and let robots continue it.
That's a horribly, well, it's a wonderful thought, really.
I don't know how it arrived at such a conclusion, but it is certainly the place to be in downtown Clubbage.
Well, you know.
The abnormals and the subhumans.
Oh, here's the sad thing.
Princess Wee, about one month ago, read the sentence.
Treeing walker coonhounds can live to be 12 years old.
Well, his 12th birthday was last July 5th.
And she burst into tears when she read that.
I mean, you know, he.
So it's not like it was unexpected and it's probably good that it was sudden for his sake.
But I'm still mad at it.
A little bit.
I spent a lot more time on Facebook last week than I normally do.
It's the first time I realized why people do that.
Normally, I have a I've had it pretty good.
I haven't had any terrible setbacks for a long time.
And and when I did, I got to admit, I got on Facebook.
But friends, we have but we have news and it's a big butt of news.
A bucket of news.
Huge news about new church projects that are going to impress the living daylights out of everybody.
And get this.
We can't talk about it.
We honestly know we've been instructed not to reveal it yet.
Big things are going to start in two days.
Our time.
That's not Internet time.
Actually, it'd be about the time this show gets on the Internet.
The big, big, big news can be revealed.
It's tricky, too, because we're not allowed to talk about certain things on college or public.

Public supported radio.
And, you know, this show actually goes to four other college stations and a couple of Indy.
Yeah.
But but I'm telling you, friends, you're going to want to know.
So, you know, watch.
I'd like to know.
You watch your subgenius.com front page.
Watch your subgenius Facebook pages.
That means you have to constantly monitor at least 25 different Facebook pages.
Yeah.
Fifty two pages.
Twenty six pages in real time because it's on both sides.
There was even one Reverend Baby Bear started a Facebook page a couple of years ago called There are too damn many faced subgenius Facebook pages.
Yeah.
So Facebook pages are Facebook pages.
Why not both?
A Facebook and a Facebook.
Well, if I were an outer space musician, that's the first thing I'd bring to a cocktail lounge gig would be my Facebook of Facebook.
Well, the Facebook is the Russian sponsored one that's very pro Trump.
Oh, I like fake news.
I see what you mean.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fake news.
You know, like this is often a term for like when they say you got your book.
You like it for going to a gig and stuff.
You know, they said you got the book meeting.
Do you have the fake book meeting?
Do you have a bunch of changes for songs that you kind of know?
But you would normally if you were playing, you'd normally miss a certain quarter, two or three or four, sometimes like in my case, five or six.
And just have a real stupid expression on your face.
You'd be singing along, but it would be the wrong words.
This way.
We've seen you do that.
Everyone who's been in a band with you has.

Noticed you changing the words and the song structure as you go from what was rehearsed.
But that's just because that would be a big deal.
They've so damn creative.
Well, yeah, I think it would be too boring for Dave if it was exactly what you rehearsed.
It has to be.
Yes, it can.
Stemper any eyes somehow.
Just how I can do good after rehearsal.
If I sleep.
I mean that I don't sleep.
I detest those little snatches of death.
Which nerd can quote?
Which nerd knows what movie I was quoting?
It's based on Jules Verne's story.
That's your hint.
Oh, Journey to the South of 2,000 Miles Below the Earth.
Yeah.
20,000 Leagues Beneath My Sock.
Leagues Under the Sock.
Yeah, I can't say the full name of that band.
Remember that great, there's a band in Cleveland.
That was a great band, yes.
Yeah.
Nut is the missing word.
Flack is the name of most of the hired for selfishness reasons members of Trump's cabinet.
They're all a bunch of flack-hacking PR wiener heads.
Or some of them are, okay.
They're not all.
Some of them are just getting a check and trying to make, what are they doing?
Babysitting.
I knew that.
And not doing a very good job at it because they're babysitting the most pouty, screaming crybaby coward we've ever seen on television.
He has pergapetulance.
And half the country likes it.
Yes.
Oh, he's, anything that makes smart people mad makes them real happy.
That's the bottom line, man.
That's the way it is.
Ugh.
Ugh.
Hey, friends, we, well, here's a hint for one of the projects.
We went to Ashtabula last Friday and filmed Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And someday people will get to see what he looks like if we don't, you know, replace his face with a CGI performance by Andy Serkis.
Of an animated Dave Hemsworth?
Actually, there was a character in a movie called Conspiracy Theory.
Oh, I know.
Where Mel Gibson, of all people, played Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yep.
He was a taxi driver.
Way.
He talked just like Dave does.
If you can even imagine another person sounding that way.
And he even had the same hat Dave was always wearing back then.
Back then.
It was the craziest thing.
It was like some Hollywood people had written a script about Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
After studying him carefully.
Yeah.
I noticed, I went and looked at hours at work today.
And I went to the bathroom and I looked in the mirror.
And I don't have big creases on my face.
I got small ones that are invisible.
But somehow on the one monitor, it looked like somebody took a magic marker and put creases going down by my jaw area.
Oh, when you were looking at the video that I shot?
Mm-hmm.
Well, that was the CGI Arnold Schwarzenegger I replaced you with.
Oh, you put a cleft in his chin?
Oh, a bunch of them.
They were all over his face.
He was cleft in even his palate.
Oh, I've had that for quite a while.
You just accentuated the obvious and the impossible.
And don't latch on to Mr. Inbetween and all that Cole Porter or whether it was Johnny Mercer song, I think.
Why not both?
Why not Cole Porter doing Johnny Mercer as a free-born ape living in a cave?
They're no human beings.
They're out of Jewish and Jewishسمic origin.
Yeah, Remember Harold итог tore up Mickey Mouse correspondent Donald Trump Packers story in the puddle?
See, the story will not make any sense.
You Capitol County governor, Donald Trump and Mrs.夢.
There was a Holly Powell CEO, who has你是 gun alimony.
He's never played James Bond before.
I mean, yeah, d抑a¿ ?
Now, Jimi Hendrix.
That was a Hendrix line I heard him say.
That was an actual Hendrix line.
They forgot that for 5,000 years now.
Yeah.
Oh, we sold Princess Wee's old record player that must have 1,000 Hendrix albums go through it.
Dave, we've had a long, long weekend.
Because after we filmed you, we filmed him talking about the Kickstarter thing.
And we interviewed him for about half an hour or more.
And had three cameras on him, but two of the cameras are bad.
They're just plain bad.
I'll go ahead and send them the footage, but they're not going to do anything with it.
The main camera was good.
The iPhone, I thought, was good.
And if they like it enough.
If I did a good enough job, they might send me to Portugal to interview the great G. Gordon Gordon.
We live in hope.
Yeah, no kidding.
Man, that guy's one of the most.
He was one of the main subgeniuses all down the line.
Yes.
And he's from Austin.
No, they moved from Austin to Portugal just when these people in Austin started working on this movie.
Yes, this movie.
Oh, I can't reveal everything.
I can't reveal too much, but you'd be amazed.
Yeah, Johnny Depp is going to play.
Me and Scarlett Johansson is going to play Princess Wee.
And Andy Serkis is going to do Dave as motion cap.
Motion capture animated figure like they did in Avatar and King Kong.
Now, that's just silly.
I thought you were going to have Andy Serkis play Bob.
No, Ray Harryhausen's reanimated skeleton is going to be resurrected.
Okay.
I'm going to dress him.
I'm going to dress it up as Bob, and I'm going to animate it.
I'm going to put little wires between the bones to hold him, and I'm going to stop motion Ray Harryhausen, his skeleton, as Bob.
Yeah.
I'm going to make him look at all the black stuff he's got in there.
I didn't know Ray Harryhausen had black stuff inside.
He does now.
Well, actually, there's probably not much left.
He died quite a while ago.
You know, I shouldn't talk about my heroes that way.
But he's dead.
Who cares?
You ought to hear what I say about Frank Zappa sometimes, just because I was told not to.
But I'm not going to say it in this family hour.
No, Frank Zappa was quite a narrow-dived politician.
Huh?
He gained 152 pounds over the past three, before he got the prostration.
Who?
Who?
Huh?
Huh?
Who?
Frank Zappa.
Oh.
He was a fine politician.
He's, you know, from, I think, a retrograde foot mart in Connecticut.
They call it Department X.
And he was one of the founder members, and he was also a representative in a local snake house.
You know, actually, sometimes I say mean things about Frank Zappa.
Not that I mean them at all, but because I was told not to by a Zappa.
Right.
Religious nut.
You think he's like a post-media icon.
Named Sterno.
And so I have to say mean things about Frank Zappa every now and then, just because Sterno
told me not to.
And Sterno was the guy who invented that, doing what everybody tells him not to.
Yes, but he threatened to toss us out of his car if we said anything negative about Mr.
Zappa.
Right.
And then he had a record album, and he spelled it B-F-A-R-T.
No, that was...
Commander B-Fart.
Yeah, Commander B-Fart.
Captain B-Fart.
And he was pretending, but he wasn't the real Captain B-Fart.
The Dan, Don, Dan, Don, Don, Von, Vla, you know, that guy.
Don Van Vliet, or Vla.
I actually don't know how that's pronounced.
Don Van Vliet?
You know, that movie, Frank, is loosely based on B-Fart's eccentric,
way of doing, working with a band.
Really?
It's also based on an English guy who wore a mask all the time.
B-Fart didn't wear a mask all the time.
The English guy really did.
Well, he didn't have to, yeah.
But B-Fart was part of what they put into the movie version of that.
He was a big, juicy woman with preponderant-sized, deep breasts.
And he could swing on a trapeze for hours and hours and never, never be seen.
He was invisible.
He was a simple at certain times.
And at other times, he made the tanks run on time.
Looks like a bloody big beef heart, doesn't he?
That was where he got his name.
Some dirty old man that would walk in naked or with his pants off and say that.
I'll let the listeners put those two things together after the fact.
It's like...
Oh.
It's like...
It's like when...
It's like when you take a math...
When you take a...
When you take a mathematics test.
And also in your grad school.
And you fail, miss a foot because you forgot the tables are five.
But you know the nine is...
She has to do that just to try and confuse you.
I have.
Oh.
Hey, you know what we did this weekend?
That made us basket cases?
Subgenius yard sales.
Subgenius yard sale.
Yes, we had it.
We did it.
And it killed us.
It just about killed us.
Everything we had ever bought at yard sales was in our yard sale.
And about half of it went.
We gave a lot of stuff away.
Oh, yeah.
A lot of stuff.
A lot, a lot, a lot of stuff.
In fact, if anybody was one of our neighbors or anyone we knew,
we'd say, oh, yeah.




Oh, just take it.
Yeah.
But...
Well, you should.
After all, that's what the patronage system was based on in the Renaissance.
If you could sell enough folding chairs, you could become queen or king of utopia.
Well, you know, speaking of utopia, okay, we had this yard sale in Cleveland Heights for two days.
And for the most part, everyone who...
All the neighbors and customers that came by were shocked.
Shockingly nice.
Yes.
So nice it made you superstitious or suspicious, I mean.
And it was so the opposite of the way a lot of subgeniuses see the world, it made me think I was going crazy.
Because to listen to people on the Internet in general, everybody's mean and angry.
And it's nothing but strife and hatred between the races.
And yet, we saw the exact opposite going on.
We sure did.
We did have a couple of bad apples.
Princess We realized that this lady had stolen a little ring.
I still can't believe that.
A ring that was in a box.
And I watched her take the sleeve off the box and then open the box.
And then I walked away.
And the next time I came back, the box was there.
But the ring was gone.
And this was...
This is what looked like a rich white lady.
She did look like a very wealthy lady.
I know rich people whose fun thing to do is shoplifting and seeing if they get caught.
And they let them off usually unless it's their third time.
A yard sale, though?
I mean, come on, man.
A yard sale.
Everything's a dollar.
We answered most questions with the phrase, a buck.
Yeah.
What do you want for this?
Two for a dollar.
A dollar.
Yeah, but she had this...
And we also had a troublesome old drunk lady, kind of early in the morning,
who had me polish off three perfectly clean coffee tables.
Just, I think it was mainly so she could let me know she figured there'd be germs all over my coffee tables.
And then, after I did that, then she realized that she didn't have room in her car for even one of those coffee tables.
And then she hung around for like an hour, mumbling and asking about one thing after another and never going with any of it.
And furthermore, she pulled her car into our driveway where we had everything laid out.
Just just but ran over it.
She pulled the front of her fender right up to the table, about an inch from the table.
Then she tried out a little chair that she had bought.
It collapsed under her.
And then she yelled at me because she had gotten hurt.
And then she said,
It was a tiny little flimsy camp chair and she was a fat hog.
The minute she fell down, I was thinking, that's why she's here.
So she could hurt herself and sue us.
And then she pulled out a sandwich and ate it in front of me.
Thankfully, she was too dumb and drunk to even think about suing us.
Yeah.
That's where we lucked out.
She was too much of a mess to do the obvious, which was threatened.
And she was trying to sue us.
I was ready the whole time to go, Well, maybe you should do that.
Let's call a police officer and see what he thinks, because that usually shuts them down real fast.
Yeah.
Especially if they're drunk and they've been through it all before.
Exactly.
So but everybody else, every it was like a Jehovah's Witness illustration of heaven with all of the races getting along in perfect harmony and nobody making any kind of a big deal about anything.
And, you know, it's just it was really.
Really, really.
Everybody having a good time finding really weird old stuff that they loved.
And it was great.
Well, between customers, we were both miserable and fighting and worn out.
I had to move so much stuff out into the driveway and then it was going to rain that night.
So I had to move it all back up onto the porch.
Yes, he did.
And then we had to move it back out onto the driveway.
Yes, he did.
And then it's raining tonight.
So we had to move it all back again.
We had to move it all back again.
Some genius yard sale.
Some genius yard sale.
Perlmutter is on his way to Norway.
Who?
So there could be rain tonight.
Who's on his way to Norway?
Bob Walkenhurst?
No, Kirk.
Comrade Perlmutter, the fourth disillusionment forces.
Comrade Forfmeyer?
Huh?
Comrade Forfinger, the fourth leader of our neutralistic antibodies.
The least of the ones that we're smoking right now.
I see.
Okay.
Okay.
That's why I was wondering if you didn't kick that drunk lady right in the brisket where it belongs.
I was real glad when Princess Wee came home and took over because I was getting close to telling the lady what I thought.
I don't.
Which isn't much.
Well, I don't know why I didn't even just tell her to get her car out of my driveway when I first got home.
I couldn't believe somebody pulled right through.
Well, wait.





Well, in the back half of the butt of her car was blocking the road.
Yes.
Yes.
For 40 minutes, people had to drive around.
She had no idea what was going on around her.

I hope she's listening now.
I can't imagine that she is, though.
I just hope she doesn't come back tomorrow because she came back later in the afternoon and said, I'm coming back.
No, she's not.
She said she was.
No, she's not going to do any.
She doesn't remember where that house was and what street it's on.
I hope not.
Anyway, that's over with.
Dave, did you know that you called in about five minutes late and the show's five minutes from being over?
No, I thought I, well, I thought I was a minute late, but.
No.
And we have a three-minute song dedicated to Damme, our dog.
And, but I also have a concert by Damme, which we can start playing right now, darn it.
A concert by Damme?
Yes, you'll remember it.
Let's see.
Wait, how come it, how come it, no?
A concert, Damme and the Coyotes?
Oh, this one, yeah, that's it, there we go.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
The microphone was right on our window sill.
Mm-hmm.
And it was late at night and there were coyotes out there.
Woo!



His voice only got that trill when he was howling at coyotes.
Yeah.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
They sound close.
They were probably right outside the fence, giving him a hard time.
But you know he loved doing that.
He listened to that.
Oh, yeah.
There's some fine dog symmetry in those, the markings.
Woo!
Woo!
See, he repeated that.
He's a good boy.
He's a good boy.
I can tell you that this will be the third time now.
He never made that sound here in Cleveland Heights.
No.
Although I hear, we've heard that coyotes are on their way.
They've been being seen in the northern Ohio.
Yep.
Yep.
That'll help thin the deer out.
We can't get to our car because we're tripping over the deer.
We have to push our way through crowds, herds of deer between our front door and the car.
So we need some coyotes.
And we're pushing.

Damme never paid any attention to the deer.
Damme never paid any attention to the deer.
Yeah.
No.
I had two wolves walk by my house one time.
They came up on the front porch.
And I could tell they were wolves later because they looked like coyotes but they had real
long legs.
And at first I thought there were some dogs out there trying to eat a cat or something.
So I said, hey, go on, get out of here.
And I looked and they just like looked at me like, okay.
And turned around and walked away.
I went, holy crap, they're wolves.
That's all pretty strange.
It's wild.
Yeah.
You don't usually get that.
Bears are back too.
I guess there's where they're from.







I went to the place where I work there.
There's another report of a bear sighting by a schoolyard.
Oh, no.
But the first thing they do around here where there haven't been any bears or coyotes for
a long time is they kill them.
Right.
They hear them rather than get ODNR to trap them and put them in a wooded area.
We have no animal control at all, I don't think.
Anyway.
You have no bowel control either.
No, you're talking about the show.
And we have to get out of here.







We have to end this show because there's another show coming up.
I do have a song.
About a month ago or two, we played a live version of the song.
Yes, it's the Rainmakers, but this is the studio version from an album called 25 On
that commemorated them being a band for 25 years.
And that was like in 2005 or something.
So Dave, we're going to go.

We're going to have to say good night.
Thank you for coming.
Good night, Don.
We'll see you in the movies.
And this is the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
You can learn everything important at subgenius.com.
And here's the, here's that song.
We'll smell you later, Dave.
Later, Mommy.
Kind of like to see you.
Wouldn't want to be you.
That's coming right up.
You're the kind of man who seems to leave a trail behind him of old friends who used
to be so close.
But then in some concocted scene, they've done you wrong.
And so you write them off and bye bye, they're gone.
If you don't like dogs, what do you like?
You're the kind of man who seems to leave a trail behind him of old friends who used


to be so close.
If you don't like dogs, you're going to wake up some cold night.
And how at the lonely moon.
If you don't like dogs, there's something wrong with you.
You're the kind of man who seems to leave a trail behind him of old friends who used
to be so close.
And so you write them off and bye bye, they're gone.
And so you write them off and bye bye, they're gone.
And how at the lonely moon.
You're the kind of man who seems to leave a trail behind him of old friends who used
to be so close.
And how at the lonely moon.
If you don't like dogs better just go home.
I used to be a friend.
Even now, from time to time I wish that I could see you.
Wouldn't want to be you.
You might have a brain of your own.






The car, the money, and the home
But you know and I know you'll always be alone
You're the kind of man who wants to know real love
But all that you can do is talk about young girls
And tell all colored jokes and act all kinds of flirty
But when the truth be told you're afraid of getting dirty
If you don't like dogs, what do you like?
If you don't like dogs, you're gonna wake up some cold night
And howl till your heads are throbbing
If you don't like dogs, what do you like?
Problem
Problem
