We have all kinds of stuff for you tonight.
Stuff you're stuck in this holiday season.
And friends, if you're lucky, well, I don't know if it's lucky or unlucky,
if we have time, we're even going to do some pretty evil stuff.
We might sing some opera tonight.
That really depends on if we have time.
We might have time.
Please, let's hear the opera.
Well, this is true. I mean, I'm sitting here,
supposed to be a good sub-genius preacher, and I'm talking about time.
Shame on me.
Stop!
Since we have the ability to control time.
But without any further ado, friends.
Ado.
Let's ado something.
We're going to go ahead here, and we're going to get to playing some music.
Like I said, we have a lot of stuff to play tonight, friends.
Are you ready?
Yes.
Are you ready?
We hope you're listening.
That's another sub-genius show.
Bob's Slack Time Funhouse out of Atlanta.
Those guys, they switch off every other...
It's another week.
One week it'll be Suzy the Flusy, and the next week it'll be those guys.
And those guys finally sent me some copies of their sub-genius show,
which has never been played on our Slack.
And they sent a whole bunch of samples on CD.
So we will see how the heck it is.
Friends, there's some Einstein's Secret Orchestra noodling along in the background.
And, oh yes, we should probably mention...
Which show this is, because I do have to put together a show somehow.
My computer's calling me, friends, but...
But welcome.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
You could stay around for another 30 minutes after that, too, if you wanted.
Welcome to Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Hey, what's going on here?
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
Okay, well, you knew which show that was.
This show is.
Friends, I've got my little studio here all prepped up.
I took a shower before I came on the air.
Aren't you glad?
I had to think about that.
I was thinking, well, now, should I...
I've got to get this show done quick.
I've got to whip through this show and get it out as fast as I can.
Thank goodness and Bob that Bob Slacktime Funhouse Doctors sent their CD.
Limph node institute is what, or lymph node productions.
You would call Dr. Bug Blatter and Reverend Rock in hand and Dr. P. Ellis and Dr. T. Nitis and a bunch of...
It's a bunch of...
They're all doctors, I guess.
Friends, yes, we...
So we'll be playing excerpts from their wacky stuff.
And what else?
There was so much I was going to tell you.
you i just thought of the most pithy thing to say about christians and believers and
had something to do with how it's like you know they always say to you well you wouldn't
understand you know when i it's like oh so you're one of these people that talks to god does he
ever talk back well not in a way that you would understand and that's when i kind of feel like
going up oh i would understand all too well you'd be surprised how much i might understand about
that but some of us move on you know speaking of religious nuts here from onan's uh dr onan
cannabites uh news service this is true news monk arrested for kicking worshipper in hong kong
a buddhist monk was arrested and charged with assault in hong kong
for
kicking a worshipper at a taoist temple a newspaper said wednesday the 30 year old monk
was standing by the wong tai sin temple when a man kneeling beside him offering incense was pushed
over by a large crowd and fell at the monk's feet temple staff said the man was kicked and injured
in the eye and fought back police broke up the fight the monk charged with assault and freed
on bail will appear in court next week kicking a man on his knees a temple administrator
said according to the report kicking a man on his knees that's a no-no for a monk
oh here's a letter from uh the reverend lord captain phil dostoevsky who says well i was
putzing oh it was all my stuff set right here i don't have dolby is off okay good
so i was putzing around at home minding my own business reading of all things discards when a
A sudden thought struck me. It hurt.
After the first aid was applied, I examined the thought, and here it is for your perusal.
Slack is the usage slash venting of intense emotions
without strengthening the bonds between the said emotions and their source.
The sources themselves being petty things that mostly don't need that sort of attention,
such as relationships, jobs, taxes, inane people, etc.
Which is why the rant exists.
A step up from the primal scream, the rant allows a non-destructive,
often creative medium from which one may get one's kicks.
Or, to summarize, Slack equals all the intensity, none of the guilt.
Well, that, I guess, that's kind of philosophical.
I'll have to...
When I hear this show...
When I hear this show back, that's when I'll understand it.
London, Reuters.
Oh, here's from Onan's news service again.
Sex, violence, and flatworms.
Nature has provided a variety of sexual mechanisms to ensure survival of a species,
but none is as violent as penis fencing among marine flatworms, German researchers said Wednesday.
Humans and animals transverse.
Ahem.
Sperm.
Ahem.
Through copulation, or as Nicholas Michels of Germany's Max Planck Institute in Sueisen calls it,
a, pardon the expression, friends, genital handshake.
But hermaphrodite worms that have both male and female sex organs inject sperm under their partner's skin.
In a letter to the scientific journal Nature, Michels explained how he and his colleagues,
observed the sex play of Pseudoceros bifurcus, marine flatworms which duel with their sharp-tipped penises
to try to inject each other with sperm.
The loser is the first one to be impaled.
Individuals try to stab one another but show strong avoidance behavior when struck by their partner.
During 39 contests, 287 strikes led to 46 inseminations,
and the total number of hits in 12 pairs, he said.
Uh, hypodermic insemination, when present, allows hermaphrodites to skew the sexual interaction
in favor of sperm donation, fueling an evolutionary arms race between strike and avoidance behavior, Michels said.
And friends, I want you to chew on that subject as we move to this next one.
This, uh, you've heard this same news report a million times in the last month, but,
uh, not quite this way, I hope.
This is some internet graffiti, and I'm not sure who originally created this news report,
but this is, in relation to those bifurcated, penis-wielding, hermaphrodite worms,
this is the story in a nutshell.
Things came to a head last week, and the name Monica Lewinsky is fast becoming a real mouthful at the White House.
The latest news about President Clinton is definitely hard to believe,
and it seems certain to leave a nasty taste in the mouth of the current administration.
It will be some time before all the stains resulting from this issue are removed from the Oval Office.
Monica Lewinsky has proved to be not as tight-lipped as Clinton had hoped,
and is expected to spit out the truth to a grand jury tomorrow.
She will surely go down in history for her orations concerning the comings and goings behind the doors of the Oval Office.
Monica was apparently on her knees when she received the recent gagging order from the White House,
and now has to decide whether to swallow her pride and dispose of the evidence,
or succumb to the deep-throated rumblings of the Washington press corps and spill the issue wide open.
Any attempt by Lewinsky to suck up to Clinton can only be construed as lip service,
and Clinton would be advised to try and minimize the impact of this.
This is the latest in a long series of blows he has received since coming to power.
Despite this latest blow, job security for the President seems to be assured,
as he can rely on his proven oral skills to promote a career in public speaking,
being, as he has often shown, a cunning linguist,
although Hillary Clinton may disagree with this, as she claims she is rarely on the end of a tongue lashing from Bill.
Miss Lewinsky is from a naval background,
and her choice of Clinton as a lover is somewhat surprising given her preference for sea men.
According to her lawyer, Miss Lewinsky likes to see men in power,
and relished the thought of taking a length of time to chew things over with the President whenever she could fit him in.
And the President was equally keen to see Miss Lewinsky always putting on a spurt when she entered her office.
Miss Lewinsky has apparently been offered a PR job by Listerine,
who described her as spunky enough for any job.
Her name has also been associated with Big Gulp soda advertising and Kleenex.
She has also lined up a gig with the Got Milk campaign.
And there's a little line at the bottom of this that says,
it's a dirty job but someone has to do it.
Joan.
So I think this was written by someone named Joan.
Gosh, I wonder if it could be the wife of Byron Verner.
Could it be that Joan?
I don't know.
Anyway, friend, enough talking.
Just thinking about that Monica Lewinsky babe gets me all watery.
Well, okay, I've got some strange and legume.
I got me some ESO.
I've got some Jane-er and KPFA.
And I've got the lymph node productions.
And, uh, the noise song.
Sque pok boink.

Squee.
R Waar boode de hoo üç.
Wait I forgot to say that,
the boundaries of this song are maymay exaggerated for some effect,

Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good.
Hate.
Good.
Hate.
Hate.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Hate.
Good.
Hate.
Now, patience.
Of course I know that not all of your superiors and masters are bad people.
I understand it's nice to work in a cushy house job, rather than toil out in the field with a riff-raff.
Sure, your pink boss treats you just fine, and well, he may even like you.
Sort of like the way he likes Seinfeld or his neighbor's dog.
It's not its fault that it's part of the conspiracy to deprive you of the only thing that really counts,
your access to the time-slap continuum.
Without which you will wither away into a husk of your former self until you just have a swell body.
No mercy for your oppressors! Sacrifice yourself above!
Jam the gears of their killer machine with your corpse!
Kill! Kill for Bob!
And for those of you who may believe that this cycle has already begun,
you are mistaken.
We live in a marvelous time.
Uh, somewhat.
The end times.
You guys want?
Oh, wait, yeah!
You got, you got?
End of the world coming up, buddy!
In the dust.
In the dust beneath.
Quit looking under the console.
I want you duck down.
Hey, hey, hey, cut that out over there.
Put a little of that 439 on him.
Cut that out.
There we go.
What a sub-genius does with a picture in the privacy of underneath the console is none of your business now, except another sub-genius.
I'm a doctor.
I don't care.
This is science.
This is your lunch hour.
This is your lunch hour.
It's a lot to ponder.
I respect that.
All the worlds you really don't know love.
A woman, a woman is like a plunger.
What a little cocktail.
Before that we had a, uh, the snake bite.
Uh, barrage.
Um, to commemorate my being bit by the venomous reptile.
Um, which actually, you know, there are, there are pictures of it.
I haven't put them up on the web yet, but I need to do that so people can have a look at that.
I took some pictures with a digital camera.
Pictures of the wound?
Yes, of my foot and the bite wound.
I actually should have taken it while I was in the hospital because it was all bloated and, and funky looking and all kind of yellowish jaundice almost looking.
Kind of freaky.
Uh, it was like you could thump it like a watermelon.
Bloop, bloop, bloop.
Yeah.
Uh, but, but of course I did not.
Um, I should have.
Okay, I should have, but I didn't.
Um, but I did take some adverse pictures.
It doesn't look as bad as you would think.
My foot didn't turn black and fall off like, uh, you know, I was kind of afraid at first.
I don't know, my foot's going to turn black and necrotized and it's going to fall off and all that kind of mess.
Necro, necro, necro, necro.
Hopefully so.
Uh, you know, some way Bob smiled at me.
Some way Bob was just kicking me in the butt.
Um, you know, he does give you a reach around now.
Necro, necro, necro.
This is true, this is true.
You know, uh, Bob doesn't, Bob doesn't seem to hold any, uh, uh, he doesn't seem to hold any...
Waters?
No, he doesn't hold any grudges.
I mean, one minute he can be having you arrested, the next minute he can be giving you a get out of jail free card.
Who knows, you know, um, I don't know.
Kind of hard to say, kind of hard to say.
Anyway, friends, um, what shall we listen to now?
Dead Bobbies demand no refunds.
And once she comes to realize that it's her only form of sustenance,
she'll do it whenever you tell her to.
Sister Bullets, boss man.
Sorry, R5.
Sorry, boss man.
Why, you...
When do...
Sure, I can't.
How low are you fighting?
Ooh, my...
Do I card to intelligence aspartame?
What'd you say?
Time.
Package.
What'd he say?
Someone will eventually sue incense makers for enabling drug users.
What's I shall on parking?
Never trust a junkie.
Are you going to choke you to death?
Our Dead Bobbies demand no refunds.
You are not what you think you are.
It's booster time.
The battle is already engaged.
Why aren't you up there fighting?
They already graven it.
The revolution.
The vessel will be sanitized, packaged, mass produced, and discounted.
Enough.

But it's the officer what's killed.
You look at kids.
You think I'm gonna choke you to death?
No, I think they, your son.
Your parents know all about what you do.
Never put you to doubt for enabling.
What drug users never trust a junkie.
You will not be aboard the Exit Escape vessel.
Dead Bobbies demand no refunds.
You will die a virgin.
The bee, do she ask?
Take athlete Bobbies.
I ain't going to listen to you.
I ain't going to listen to you.

You are part of the problem.
That's the problem.
You can squeeze your window for a dollar.
Fight the love.
What's that stain on your skirt, buddy?
I'm a problem.
You have already eaten and smoked enough poison to kill you.
If you think it'd be a game, I'm going to do you.
Do not expect to survive.
Are you prepared for a core death danger?
Is that stain in your beard, dad?
I can't take the pain, so I'll take the pain.
You think you are not what you are.
Dead Bobbies demand no refunds.
You're gonna have to screech English, Jake.
Get right with your muscle stakes.
You're gonna have to screech English, Jake.



You might think you're a little snub monkey.
Quicksprits in your plisara.
Lesson, it's snow and light lute juice.
Else wise, you're plinkin' bleeders blowin' hot water.
You'll go blind or please your neather trying not to.
Either way, you're getting up on the wrong side orbit for this kind of freed, peed-needed
side trade.
Well, I want you to just stand there like a daddy nickel slug?
Or you're going to puss your blimperer in a righteous agony?
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Boy, pick up when he writes.







rivers in your fluter tubes.
I'll tell you what.
What?
You don't give me any smart lip like that.
That's all I'm saying.
I shove a pack up your ass just as soon as I look at you.
Boo.
Don't think I won't.
Okay.
Somebody tried to break into my house.
Yeah.
Somebody tried to break into my trailer back there.
I got a shotgun in the bed.
I blow his head off just as soon as I look at him.
Hell, I hope they try.
I hope somebody breaks into my house.
I blow his head right off.
Now we've bifurcated your head.
Yeah, they try to run away from you.
You shoot him and drag him back in the house.
Police won't say no.
You put a gun in your hand or something?
Okay, yeah.
You knew that.
You just didn't want to say it.
Because you know the Santa Rosa police, the Roanoke Park police,
and the Cotati police all listen to this show.
Maybe that's what they're doing.
Yeah.
Well, forget everything.
We were just kidding.
I wouldn't worry about it.
I just shoot his head off.
I wouldn't think twice about it.
No, man.
Because that one happened outside the stadium.
The station earlier?
No, don't.
Let's go on another routine.
Oh, okay, yeah.
Funny one.
Yeah, I just blow his head off.
If someone tried to break into my house, okay,
first I'd sew his mouth shut with fishing wire.
Then probably strip him stark butt, bare ass.
You're from the police to get the guy who broke into Jader's house.
Then I'd just, you know, take a pair of handcuffs.
But the guy's still in Jader's house being tortured by Jader.
He handcuffs his arm behind his back.
Then I'd shove a pack up his ass.
Shove a pack up his ass.
I thought you saved that for last.
I'd shove a pack up his ass.
Yeah, probably.
This ain't pack on the radio.
Don't say 56 miles an hour, you know, those dirt roads back there.
Nobody cares.
Why do you think his wig was so big?
Carl knew much better.
Oh, yes.
So did Groucho.
So did Harpo.
All the Marxists did, Cousin Jazz, were all related.
Except for me, I'm an ape.
And I'm only related to one ape.
One ape.
One mitochondrial ape.
The mitochondrial ape.
But explain a lot of things.
You all come from different mothers than me.
My back is hairy.
My palms are hairy.
There were a lot of different kinds of humans.
But you don't hear their story because there's none of them left.
That's right.
There's only us.
We won the war.
That's right.
We're all gone except for a few of us.
And believe me, I don't mind making a circuit.
But especially with this special slab I carry around between my knees.
Believe me, I can do a lot of damage in a small town like Scram, Pennsylvania.
In my dream.
The aliens.
The top half of their head looked like the normal humanistic view of aliens.
But the bottom head was the chin of a monkey with a big goatee.
And he talked like this.
We won the war.
We.
We.
That's you.
And we.
And she.
We.
One.
Two one.
Two one.
Two one to many.
One.
We've won the war, James.
Think of it, bro.
One.
We've won.
It's just a few celebrations.
A few minor celebrations.
Just go through the motions.
Look nice.
Look pretty.
Look pretty.
Look pretty.
And deal with it.
One of the things we have to look nice and pretty for is, well, winter starts coming
up at the end of the month.
So I was plugging that a little earlier.
But yeah, we'll be having a lot of sort of laying back.
Digging on some tunes.
I guess we'll be doing that at the end of the month, at $30.
But that's not 401k isn't it?
No chewing on paint, Jammy.

I bet it was funny watching I.
soap opera.




We'll play a little Conference Party Oрез.
We'll play a little Perfect.
Ling Ling is not a real woman though is she?
Woman? You think woman? No, no, no, Ling Ling is not a woman.
Ling Ling is panda? Ling Ling is yeti? Woman?
That's right, the plunger one for New York City.
What more could a decent American ask for than to drink it?
I swear to God.
When I drink the all of it, I'm not expecting just a little bit.
I'm expecting a little bit more.
Random Noise, friends, is the name of the background tune from Lymphnode.
We've been listening to the Lymphnode boys and Reverend Rockin' Hand on the Bob Slatton Funhouse show from WZRD in Atlanta.
No, WREK. God, what am I saying?
Goof!
WZRD in Chicago hasn't paid us.
Oh, my God.
We haven't paid them in years.
WREK is the greatest thing.
Them and all the other ones that pay us.
Praise Bob.
Support your local subgenius radio station, friends.
You can't imagine what it's like not to have it.
I have to listen to it over the internet because we don't get any subgenius radio here in Dallas, Texas.
Hmm.
Hmm.
What does this kid think about my music and my fans?
And if it says a lot, maybe you should start listening to me.
All right.
All right.
These guys are crazy, and they're fucking crazy.
OY.
nissmailfusstuhfg.
L
I
Buy out the gland owners with what you earn with your skinny, peel-faced face of pain.
Please, a piece of the fine ass, have a fuzzy, big bock,
and strut your heart-best soft blow for the raccoon, the rocket racket.
This face-outer belongs to your worship and the crutch of your choice toys.
And I've been pulling in the flush-lugger of tears to let them stack.
You know who's a cunt?
Well, them cunts ain't keen to hop on nobody, no sir, ma'am.
You just work in the ugly good, and they'll be scorned by your fate.
This has been your re-enunciator.
Thank me.
And we're back.
And, uh...
Friends, I'm sitting here in my...
studio in the Subgenius Foundation offices,
and I have a video dubbing set up going across the room that...
Every time I look over there, I see some clip or another from our video called Arise.
It's like ten years...
The video itself is ten years old, and a lot of it was shot fifteen years ago.
And, friends...
It's horrible...
to look across the room...



and see myself when I was...
your age.
Bummer, man.
But, you know, at the same time, I sometimes wonder,
well, why don't we do another video like that one?
Besides just concert videos and stuff.
I must say that, well, it's because that darn internet thing came along,
and I swear, I just find it a lot more interesting than...
any TV show.
Huh.
But I tell you what, somebody got into my place.
Somebody...
If I found somebody breaking into my house, man...
Damn.
And so, the show...
I'll tell you one thing.
Came on y'all around the trailer.
You see this line I'm drawing here in the same boy?
I call that McCounty line.
Step over this line, you see it in McCounty.
Break the law in McCounty, I'll shoot you dead.
You fall dead on that land on that sidewalk,
and you get your ticket for the Lord of the Rings.
You don't pay that ticket for the Lord of the Rings in thirty days,
I'll throw you in jail.
And jail's one place you don't want.
I'll be especially for dead, boy.
So that means you're county law.
Right.
You must be your own county law now.
That's right.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are all our own county law.
Another fine.
By that time you'll be rotting dead corpse.
We've got a dead man's penalty.
You don't get a dead man license.
We'll give you a fine for that, too.
You're dead corpse only.
And no one can claim your body until all these fines are paid.
You don't pay for your own funeral, we'll give you tickets.
We'll give you a widow a ticket for that.
You don't pay child support to your widow to pay your ticket for your dead body not being buried.
We'll throw you in jail again.
You got Big Sam back there.
He doesn't care if you're alive or dead or what.
You just don't ever think about breaking into my house, you understand?
I wish this was a slave.
Yee-haw.
Your astral body comes out there and tries to go to heaven.
And we got a fine.
We got astral handcuffs.
Astral county law.
We got astral laws.
You try to speed, you know, with your astral body.
We got a radar system out there.
You try to go into the light at an improper speed, it'll bust your ass.
That tunnel to the afterlife is patrolled by radar.
It'll bust your ass so fast you don't know what hit you.
Your little angel wings will drop to the floor.
Little piles of feathers.
Hey, those angel wings have to be licensed by the state and they have to be up to code.
They're not 30 days.
There's all kinds of stuff you ain't ever read about in the Into the Light books.
You understand what I'm saying?
Don't think heaven's gonna be some bed of roses.
There's gonna be work.
There's gonna be praying.
And over on the right wing of heaven, there's Big Dan.
You don't want to mess with Big Dan.
He's got a Johnson big as my arm, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-oh, if you'd like to make a call, please call Johnson.
I don't know anything about heaven.
Dude up there's got a shotgun.
Warden's up there's got a shotgun.
Now is the time for all good men to come in the face of their country.
It is time for the seed within you to come to life.
Let Bob water upon you and you shall bloom.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Dallas, Texas 75214
Good evening brothers and sisters.
The time is 9.01.
Do you know where your children are?
Well, we here at the Sweetness and Light Radio Network pray that they're all tucked safely away in their beds.
And you know, tomorrow's not a school day.
So why not sit there beside them at their bedside and pray with them with us for the next half hour.
And as a special treat, you can let the little ones stay up a little later.
And at 9.30, listen to Mr. Pink's Happy Children Hour.
Ooh, Mr. Pink himself will be here.
Oh boy, Jesus loves Mr. Pink.
All the way from Calcutta.
Oh yes.
And Jesus loves his little, his happy little sidekick, Arnie the Dinosaur.
Oh yes, Jesus loves Arnie and Jesus loves Mr. Pink.
And they'll be coming up in a half an hour.
We'd like to thank the management here at this station, WMUH, Allentown, Pennsylvania,
for giving this opportunity to bring you the fine word of the Lord.
Giving us the opportunity.
The opportunity to prove once and for all that no one is beyond the Lord's salvation.
Why, just last night, on the other side of the country, lied a man in his deathbed.
So far, we thought, from the grasp of the Lord.
So diametrically opposed to the Holy Spirit that he would surely burn.
Unrepentant in his sins, not accepting Jesus into his heart.
He was a man of some fame in some circles.
A preacher of his own rights, although a preacher of the black arts.
The minister, the dark minister, Anton LaVey, lie there, gasping his last breaths.
And we took it upon ourselves, myself and my associate, Dr. Light, to go to California
and try to rein in this poor lost sheep.
For truly is Jesus the greatest of all shepherds.
Yes, brothers and sisters, we were there.
Poor Anton LaVey was lying in his deathbed.
And I was holding his bones.
And he was withered, shaking hand.
And I told him about Jesus.
And I told him that this was his last chance at redemption.
And I saw his eyes cloud up with tears.
I saw that evil that had surrounded him all his life.
I seen it break like glass.
And I seen the evil shards, the evil shield fall from him.
And his eyes filled up with tears.
And he looked up at me and said,
Brother Light, Brother Light, I accept Jesus into my heart, Brother Light.
And he wept.
And he cried.
And he said, please, please let me not be so far out to the light.
Please let me not be damned.
For, for my last moments, I realized that it was love, love, sweet love,
that, that left me hollow, for I was empty of it.
Please let me not be so far out to the light that God may not look upon me and have mercy.
I just, I can't even.
And in his final moments, it was like a golden glow came over his face.
And he smiled the warmest smile.
His sickly white pallid transformed into this beautiful.
Excuse me.
He smiled the warmest smile I'd ever seen.
And he looked up at me and he said, I can't believe that I've missed out on this all my life.
And, and, and, and now, now that I'm dying, I know, I know the glory that's Jesus.
And, and then he, the smile slowly softened and his eyes softly closed.
And like a candle being snuffed out by the wind.
Anton Zandor LeVay's soul rose up to be with Jesus.
And brothers and sisters, right now, Anton LeVay is sitting at the Lord's table with him.
Holding his hand and living a life of eternal bliss in heaven.
Amen.
Yes, a life and a heart so empty, but a soul so full.
Forever.
1974 is the year that they are now planning for sex on the streets in every major city from coast to coast.
And get ready for a shock.
The music that they're planning to use to crumble the morals of America is this rotten, filthy, dirty, lewd, lascivious junk called rock and roll.
It isn't just the lyrics, it's the beat.
I preach into my conversion story, which you can get, how this beat gets them.
400 teenage girls in Detroit interviewed as to why they had illegitimate babies.
They said not just the words, the beat.
The fertility rights of the jungles are the same beats incorporated in this modern rock to stir them up.
Now they'll do this for another 20 minutes or so and then they'll settle down.
Contemporary troglodytes, living fossils.
The subgenii are most interesting from an anthropological point of view.
But otherwise, you can see our view of the Subgenius Museum in Dallas.
These are the last actual subgeniuses.
Most of them imported from Arkansas.
This is Subgenius Man.
His home was a cave in the mountains.
His only weapon was a crude staff.
Which responded only to brute strength.
Brute strength?
Life walked hand in hand with death.
Their laws are simple.
The strong take everything.
You're playing hockey and you pretend to be a puck and it's Bubba Gee and every other thing.
This is Huck Hoback.
Leader of the rock and roll tribe.
And his two sons.
Sakana and Tumek.
Or Tumescent, Tumid as they call him.
There is no love lost between them.
Oh.
Well, let's sing that little Janer song now.
Yes, since we don't have Janer, we'll have to sing the Janer anthem.
That's right, with King Stan.
Everybody join along now.
Janer has a baner.
Lord of lords.
Conquering JANER.
Oh friends, sometimes this old church makes no sense even to me.
I mean it just sometimes...
I know all these people, most of them.
But believe me, it doesn't mean...
It has no more of a concrete anchor in reality than...
Views and opinions.
Express on.
On.
What time?
Burn house.
Not necessarily.
Not necessarily.
Those are...
Those are...
Georgia Tech.
Georgia Tech.
Georgia Tech.
We all go toville.
Good morning.
Pretty good to see you.






You can get heart attacks, you can get surgery cranks, anything you possibly want.
So have a good time tonight.
But that'll come at the end.
Mommy is going to punish you.
So without any further ado, let's play a little bit of Oddwoods and this and that,
and we'll be back a little bit later on.
Good show.
Bye-bye.
We have been the leaders of the Reagans.
I'm not used to going in front of the problem.
I am the future.
You know, and I will be a threat as well.
We are leaders of the American public to be called the Soviet Union's demise and collapse.
Pre-recorded message for contingency number 823.
Play this message only if you are experiencing contingency number 823,
according to the Institute Contingency Guide.
Fellow doctors, before I get to the goodies,
I must say that the tone of the current conversation
has left me...
rather disappointed.
To see my own brethren in science reduced to hysterics
by some coincidental, purely extraneous glitch in the data
is demoralizing, to say the least.
If you're still in harm's way, that's your own damn fault.
We provide everybody who counts around here
with the necessary liquidity and lubricosity
to get where you need to get.
Besides, just because a few of us higher-ups
have taken the common-sense precaution
to distance ourselves from the truth,
doesn't mean it's time for every spare flunky on the payroll to cut and run.
For most of you, we now have lost an important subject.
Really now, let's think this thing through.
We have no proof that this Kentucky thing is in our family at all.
Okay, I will admit, he does seem to be following one of our prime contingencies.
One of our classified prime contingencies.
At first glance, this can be sort of a strange thing, but...

I think some of you hysterical ninny's doth protest too much, get me?
To the trained eye, this looks more like someone's homework assignment
than a full institute undertaking.
I mean, come on, analysis here, people, not reaction.
Where's the support team?
Where's the patsy?
And most importantly, where's the spectacular suicidal finale
in the sweet silent dead mouth?
I notice there's 14 people listening on the internet.
Whole people.
Yeah, you're out there.
We don't know if they're whole or not.
We know you're there.
Anywhere in the planet.
I wonder what's going through their little vapid minds as they listen to this crap going
on here.
I didn't say crap, I said crop.
It is this most recent crop of frop.
As you're listening to this grok.
I'm not smoking grok anymore because the last time I did, I became filled with a red ochre
hue.
Drink deeply.
And I thought water was more precious than my own excrement.
Yeah.
And I dive deep into many manuscripts that I could not sell and also screenplays that
would be fused.
Water is important, but fire is important too.
You don't get any life without fire either, except we don't pass fire.
Well, that's, you keep on missing that dynamic, which is the pep, that is a dynamic
named peppy.
Fire.
But fire does get you between the planets.
There's fire.
What are, what, okay, what are the four elements?
Gets you between point A and point B, you know.
Air, water, earth, and if you're Chinese, there's also wood.
Okay?
Wood.
That's, you get an extra element if you're a Chinese.
If you're Chinese, there's woody.
If you're Chinese, there's woody.
You're not an arrogant redneck.
Ha ha ha.
Jeez.
Ha ha ha.
But I was so far in the character, I actually forgot what...
Yeah.
They let me just have a sandwich!
Deep space.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fire, fire, I was at the first space challenge.
I was at the first space challenge.
I was trying to get that, and now I was supposed to go to space.
A conspiracy is keeping you from traveling in space.
I was trying to get that, and now I was supposed to go to space.
I got to wreck, I got to rip the whole thing apart just to look at it, just to even...
Build your own ship.
...a little sniff of it, a little taste.
No, no, no, no.



Build your own ship.

Build your own ship.
My mind, my mind, my mind.
I'm losing my mind, you're losing your mind.
My mind.
Frankly, my colleagues, if this is one of ours, we have a bigger problem than the full
damn exposure this brings.
This was a real shoddy piece of work utilizing an all too obvious, and need I say, common
trigger mechanism.
No kiddies, what we have here is a setup.
This fool was designed to screw up.
Pathetic body count.
The inevitable media shellacking.
The con is going to try to crawl all the way up us on this one.
The full four hour CNN worldwide spectacular attention hungry rednecks on parade.
You must give them credit.
They're almost as good as we are.
Almost.
They may be planning to pin this one on us, and I must reiterate that if you're sitting
anywhere within the scope of their power to extradite, you are stupid and not taking full
advantage of the lifestyle perks that a full fellowship in the institute can offer the
freelance researcher.
And I might add that it is a capital offense to steal institute property, namely stamps,
you damn outpatients.
I could have used that money at the border crossings.
As it is, I'm short in fillings.
My impatient inpatients, don't worry.
The chimp will continue to hand out pills every day on his own.
If we have any more incidents of our simian cousins.
I'm not going to be a fool.









I'm going to be a chump.
If you want to see my son rediscovering his curiosity, then try to remember which pills
you missed, and when you missed them.
We'll get you all fixed up when I'm back in town.
And you know, they're out to do something to you.
I ain't going to say just what.
I know it's not kiss you.
They don't want to kiss you, though they may want you to kiss something on them.
You know, in the middle ages, there was a, they called it the obscene kiss.
Kissing the devil's bum was the way a witch was initiated.
And today, of course, we have a corporate butt kissing.
And it's the same thing in the office, in the school.
They're still kissing the posterior of the devil.


Selling out.
The bottom line is, friends, the work ethic is satanic.
Oh, the church of the subgenius.
Well, all I can say about them is that anybody who hides behind blasphemous humor and doesn't
have the guts to come out in the open and identify who they are, what they are, and
allow anybody to interact on any kind of an intelligent level with them is just plain
idiotic and crazy.

And I think Bob's a great name.
And you can see it's their women's clothing.
It saved my life.
It saved my life.
And it can save your life, too.
The subgenius.
Our whole swatch.
But I'm here to be opened up with you today.
And, uh.
Well, now, I have just said something in response to what you said.
And there isn't one person in a million out there who even knows what we're talking about,
why I said what I said compared to what you said, because they've never heard of the church
of the subgenius.
So maybe you would like to enlighten them for a moment.
Make it quick.
Okay.
Well, what the church of the subgenius is about is finding peace through forgetting
about Jesus.
Because what Jesus has caused on this earth is religion.
And what religion has caused is wars and strife and problems in everybody's life.
That's right.
Let's all blame it on the...
Are we ready now?
Christians!
Lord.
Look, Christian...
Well, not just Christians.
I'm not just...
I'm not just picking on you, Bob.
Yeah.
Bob.
It's, um...
You want to let people in on that inside joke?
Oh.
Well, the founder of the church of subgenius is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And he had had a vision of the subgenius.
I am the first person to make this fabulous journey.
Suspended in the timelessness of inner space are the thought waves of my first impressions.
They will be our only source of contact once you have passed beyond the limits of normal...
Magnification.
Magnification.
Magnification.
Magnification.
Magnification.

Magnification.
Magnification.

And what is going to happen is there are some zists, which are extraterrestrial creatures,
that are going to appear here on July 8th, 1998 at 7 o'clock in the morning.
And the people who...
Oh, it isn't either.
It's a 703.
Well, 703.
I'm just trying to explain briefly.
Yeah.
And the people who have Bob in their hearts, which I believe you possibly could be, since
you're Bob.
Since you're both Bob.
You're a candidate for this.
And we will take off from Earth just in time to miss the destruction of the Earth in their
pleasure saucers.
And we will be taken back to their planet, which is Planet X, they call it, because they
don't want to reveal what planet they're from until we're there.
And we'll find out.
And we'll live in peace and harmony with them.
Yeah.
Now, I hate to disappoint you, but my truly christened name by my mother is Bobby.
Now, I hate to disappoint you because I realize you had this deep spiritual respect for me
as the result of what you said in terms of the appellation applied to me, but it truly
is Bobby.
Now, in Alabama, I get along great.
In Nebraska, it wasn't so great being raised as Bobby, okay?
Okay.
But, but, sir.
Yes?
To reduce...
Yes?
To reduce the problem of evil and the reality of grace to some kind of sick, silly joke
is not only pathetic, it's a waste of time.
And I cannot for the life of me find out what you and the rest of the people in the so-called
Church of the Subgenius want to spend so much time doing absolutely nothing about nothing
when there are very serious and real problems in this world that need resolved and no Bob
can solve them.
Bob can solve them.
Bob can do lots of things.
Bob can do lots of things, dear friends.
And he did do lots of things.
He did some bad things.
I'm gonna get you.
I'm just gonna get you.
Ah, yes.
And friends, if you want to be pathetic, a pathetic loser that just does nothing at
all about all the serious problems that could be cured by the goodness of Jesus Christ,








and so forth. Well friends, I want you to write for free information from old
Bobby. I bet you know how to spell that name Bob. Yeah. At, and here it comes.
Here's the important part and you better have that pencil ready. That
post office box. You just write to Bob at post office box 140306.
Oh God, I'd love to say that one more time. That's 140306. That mighty, mighty P.O. box.
There's lipstick on it right now and the phrase pray Bob written in lipstick. And
friends, that town, that city is Dallas, Texas. God's country. P.O. box 140306
Dallas, Texas. Zip code 7521.
4. Holy number. It adds up to 23. That's a holy number because that one adds up to
13013 and that means Bob. This music in the background is by DK Jones.
Why does it sound kind of muffled? Well anyway friends, that man Bob loves you.
You're gonna love him right back in just the same filthy, dirty,
disgusting, slack-filled way if you just get that self-addressed damn Don
Bloke or other love offerings too. Thank you.
I doubt there would be so much bitching if you could fully understand what it's like when the TV really is talking about you.
It's like waking up from one of your daisy fantasies and finding out the whole damn thing was true.
Everyone really is against you and they can read your mind. Just, just, just lie down, be calm, and have faith.
Uh, note to control, we'll erase the, uh, that word and let's go around.
Faith in the able interns and technicians who are running the show in our absence.
Give them some damn peace and quiet. They're probably very jumpy and very fatigued.
So if one of you mouths off and gets the hose or some other damn thing I know absolutely nothing about, then it's your fault!
I cannot stress this point enough. If you get punished, it is because you are bad.
Not because your actions are disgusting.
Not because your actions are displeasing or inappropriate.
Because you yourself are not good!
Good. Now go to bed.
Well, back to the doctors.
If you're listening to this, you must be pretty bad off for some orders or advice.
It turns my stomach, you sheep, my fellow doctors toadying about passing the responsibility.
Your present situation seems to indicate that none of you have the necessary survival instincts to follow my advice.
But, for whatever it's worth,
start by incinerating your orders.
Your notes, your uniforms, your secretaries, your degrees, etc, etc.
Next, medic yourselves into oblivion and disappear into the inpatient population of the institute.
Once we're back in town, I'll find you and set you right again. I promise.
You'd best take precautions to liquify date. I mean date.
Best liquidate any daisies that might recognize you and bear some...
irrational grudge against you.
Make no mistake, these zombies may be decerebrated for the most part, but they do have their own sort of primitive prison mentality kind of society.
Except for the rape, of course. We've seen to that.
Listen, fellows.
We decided a long time ago that our cargo would be delivered to the population regardless of collateral damage.
I cannot have you fools scurrying around every time a firecracker goes off in the parking lot we...
Hey!
Hey, get the hell away from my car!
As I was saying, we have to at least provide the appearance of a unified front or they'll cut us apart.
It's ugly.
I've watched them do it in our former competitors.
So if you can't handle it, get in with the rest of the damn cripples and shut up, shut up, shut up!
That was beautiful, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls.
I know I feel better.
Indeed, indeed.
You know, if I remember correctly, isn't contingency 823 constantly changing?

I mean, is it constipation?
Uh, coupled with premature ejaculation, yes.
Well, excellent.
False activation.
Ah, understood.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, friends and neighbors.
Oh, let's play some background music.
Ooh, background music.
Ooh, baby, baby.
Set a little bit of a mood.
Yes, indeed. We do need to. Let's play some background music. Let's just...
Something to relax all the ladies.
Let's go.
Just lay down here.
Let's go here.
Ah, so beautiful.
How beautiful.
This Kentucky thing.
Promise,Vibe, I agree.
Paducah, Kentucky.
Orange, Minor, handicap,
Right.
arse,
Prince,
