And that's where it happened.
When I woke up, it was still raining, and I was lying on top of the mud
like a man trying to find the sugar bowl at a restaurant under a grandstand.
The door to my apartment opened, and she sauntered in,
moving slowly from side to side like a piece of bubble gum in a set of false teeth.
Her voice was all right, too.
It reminded you of a furnace in a basement full of cats.
Good evening.
I stood up like a dirty, wet baby on a floor full of marbles.
Well, well. Talk.
No.
No? No.
Good. See?
Yeah.
He admits it.
I don't understand.
Lorraine had washed the makeup off her face, and she looked sharp and quick,
like a piece of candy in a bad tooth.
Yes?
She looked like a stubborn seed in a deep freeze.
Yes?
She looked like a guy who didn't figure on a leaf in a pool of water.
Yes?
She looked like a false baby on a furnace in a basement full of tea.
No.
You take your work too seriously.
I don't understand it.
Be sure to join us next Sunday evening and every Sunday, same time, same station,
for radio's newest show,
The Subconious Offslaught.
There's something about them you'll like.
From PR News in Washington, I'm tempered by cautionary reminders to keep it respectful,
but the sexual path is the only sex path.
The Russian government says 4.72%,
and 4.5%.
Earlier this year.
The Russian government says it is listening to PR News.
These occurrences are pure figments of imagination.
Any abnormal sound?
Normal.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hey!
Ha!
Happily, delightfully.
The conspiracy made him want to be normal.
You've killed me, doctor.
Incredible.
Absolutely incredible.
Mind over matter.
And all of this is mind over matter.
Totally and absolutely mind over matter.
Normal.
Normal.
Why do you want to be normal?
Think about it, normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Think more normal.
Normal.
I hear it.
Come on, let's hear it.
If I get in the blood, break your eyes.
You're just a normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.

Normal.

Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.






America.
America.
America.
Moreover.
More.
Impossible.
Like.
Using it the Babylon.
MSadows.
That.


Sumrt�'im.
Superb.
Have you ever had any psychiatric help?
I think you've developed some kind of obsession here.
I think you need some help.
Incredible.
Absolutely incredible.
Why do you want to be normal?
You know?
It's more fun not to be.
Absolutely incredible.
Absolutely incredible.
Mind over matter.
The conspiracy mania ought to be normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Normal.
Happily, delightfully, constantly normal.
These occurrences are pure figments of imagination.
It's not normal.
Make more noise!
Let's hear it!
Come on, let's hear it!
Go on!
Lock me in your protection李
And now, a rant.
Not by me.
It's called, Yes, Promiscua, There Is a Bob.
Is there a J.R. Bob Dobbs?
We take pleasure in answering at once, and thus prominently, the communication below,
expressing, at the same time, our great gratification that its faithful author is numbered among the friends of the Stark Fist.
Dear Editor, I'm eight years old.
Some of my little friends say there's no J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Papa says, if you see it in the Stark Fist, it's so.
So don't bother me with questions when I'm hungover.
Please tell me the truth.
Is there a Bob Dobbs?
Signed, Promiscua O'Hooligan, 13013 West 69th Street.
Promiscua, your little friends are wieners.
They have been affected by the skepticism of a skeptical age.
They do not believe except they see.
They think that nothing can be which is not comprehensible by their pathetic, disgusting, wretched, filthy little minds.
They are inferior.
You hate them, don't you?
Kill them.
Do it.
Do it slow.
Make them suffer.
Eh?
Eh?
Eh?
Mm-hmm.
All minds, Promiscua, whether they be pinks or pink-shouldered,
are little.
In this great universe of ours, man is a mere insect,
an ant in his intellect as compared with the boundless world about him,
as measured by the intelligence capable of grasping the difference between one's ass and a hole in the ground.
Yes, Promiscua, there is a J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He exists as certainly as he exists.
He exists as certainly as the conspiracy's mind-control radio waves exist,
and you know that they abound and tell you to sodomize your neighbor's corpse with a spatula.
Alas, how dreary would the world be if there were no Bob Dobbs.
It would be as dreary as if there were no Promiscuas.
There would be no free energy schemes then.
No UFO cults.
No young Earth creationists to make tolerable the truth.

No deep South.
We should have no enjoyment except in reason and enlightenment.
The eternal stench with which subgeniusdom fills the world would be deodorized.
Not believe in J.R. Bob Dobbs?
You might as well not believe in Yeti.
You might get your poppin' to hire assassins to watch in all the theaters
on the night of Slagd.
You might catch Bob.
But even if they didn't see Bob come on stage, what would that prove?
Nobody sees Bob, but that's no sign that there is no Bob.
The most real things in the world are those that neither children nor men can see.
Such as the batter's box or Papa's credit rating.
Did you ever see an angry Yeti levitating just above your bed as you try to sleep,
hating you for your pinkness?
Of course not.
But that's no proof that they're not there.
Nobody can conceive or imagine all the wonders there are unseen and unseeable in the world.
Did you ever see an angry Yeti levitating just above your bed as you try to sleep,
hating you for your pinkness?
Of course not.
But that's no proof they're not there.
Nobody can conceive or imagine all the wonders there are,
hating you for your pinkness?
Of course not.
You may tear apart the landmine and see what makes the noise inside,
but there's a veil covering the more real world which not the strongest Yeti,
nor even the united strength of all the strongest Yeti that ever lived could tear apart.
Only alcohol, drugs, television,
frantic sex, debauchery,
can push aside that curtain and view and picture the eternal kegger beyond.
Is it all real?
Oh, Promiscua, have your credit card ready.
No J.R. Bob Dobbs?
Oh, thank Wotan! He lives, and he lives forever!
A thousand years from now, Promiscua, nay, ten times ten thousand years from now,
he will continue to make glad the heart of kooks,
and if not, by then, you'll have bigger problems, schmuck.
And that was by Zigmunt Figment.
Formerly, Wot de Flock Skoingon.
Thank you, Zigmunt Figment.
Ahead.
And here's a... well, it's kind of like almost a nursery rhyme.
By Reverend Dr. Onan Kanabite, Universal Uncle and Deputy Adventurer.
Written December 1st, 2018.
And it's called, You Don't Know Who the Subgenius Is.
If there's one thing I've learned in the religion biz,
it's that you don't know who the subgenius is.
They're not always rich, nor poor as dirt.
And they sure don't all wear a Bob T. shirt.
They're the friend who dropped you in a rage.
Or the crazy preacher on the...
the stage.
Your neighbor's kid.
The garbage man.
The mutant seated at your right hand.
The mustached cop who's on the beat.
The mugger that mugged you downtown on the street.
The sad one.
The funny one.
The one that got away.
The pretty one.
The stinky one.
The one that doesn't run.
Yes, if there's one thing I've learned in the religion biz,
it's that you don't...
don't know who the subgenius is.
But in all this confusion, there's one thing that's true.
The only subgenius you must know...
is you.
Thank you, Reverend Dr. Onam Kanabike.
Oh, and I'm gonna throw in this little factoid here,
that came from...
The Economist.
The global suicide rate has dropped 29% since 2000,
apparently because of improvements in the quality of life.
That's the global suicide rate.
The U.S. suicide rate has risen 18% since 2000,
mostly because of the decline in quality of life
for white...
middle-aged men without college degrees.
Hmm.
Actually, that's technically me.
But I have not suffered...
a decline in quality of life.
Because I'm a self-educated man.
I don't have a college degree.
I have something much...
much better.
A lifetime of reading history, science, and literature.
Of all kinds.
I could probably teach...
several different college courses.
But don't worry, I won't.
I'm busy being the sacred scribe of the Church of the Subgenius.
Busy, sometimes.
Just slacking off.
This music in the background, by the way,
is from CyberChump,
from their album called...
Sankhara.
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob.
We're gonna be playing this song called...

...
...
...
...

Listen!
I'm a man!
I like to get paid when I'm done!
But this dude paid me at once!
But this deal felt all screwed up!
I had a sickening hunch!
He handed me an oily envelope...
I should've left it!
Still, he owed me $150, but inside was a single bill
$150 bill
$150 bill
Completely spent, ready to kill
$150 bill
I can't believe I'm saying this
Does this thing really look legit?
It's got that pyramid
And a hot dog at the tip
He said this bill will get you things when other bills won't do
Don't try to break it, he said
It'll end up breaking you
$150 bill
$150 bill
Completely spent, ready to kill
$150 bill

$150 bill
My mind said not to accept it
But my gut said take the loss
I'm determined to break this deal
Raise the nomination no matter what the cost
It's burning a hole in my pocket
All the way up to my goaler
I've gotta buy a little bit of time with
$150
$150 bill
$150 bill
Completely spent, ready to kill
$150 bill
You don't hear many rock bands that have a trombone as one of the main instruments.
I'll tell you the name of the band, which is Massive Hot Dog Recall.
And at the end of the show, I'll reveal more pertinent information about this unique band from Kent, Ohio.
I first saw them at the Devotional of 2016, and my old bud, Reverend Toth Wilder, recently sent me their album, Pissing in San Pedro.
Although for the broadcast stations, I have to...
I have to say that as urinating in San Pedro.
Here's a hint.
Although the singer sounds like the late Zug's Rift, it's not the late Zug's Rift.
Draw your own conclusions.
Oh, and before the Onan poem and the Promiscua rant, we heard the song Normal by the great kings of feedback.
And, as almost always, our titles and news came first.
From Le Mer.
But now, let's call Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Hello?
Dave!
Dave! Dave! Dave!
Yeah!
Is everything okay over there, Dave?
Well, I had my cervix removed, which was doing me no damage whatsoever.
But I just didn't like the idea of people, you know, calling me.
I just didn't want something that's service.
And not doing any service to anything.
Right. You didn't need it, particularly.
It's like an appendix, right?
Yeah.
Or tonsils, right?
More, you know, more like mayapples or a tourniquet or something, too.
Because you gotta make sure if you get the wrong kind of action going on, you could damage your wings.
Oh, yeah.
Your chicken wings.
Oh.
I think a lot of our listeners probably feel that way.


They feel like their wings have been clipped.
But then there's probably other ones that just feel like they can fly, fly, fly.
Are you making a comparison between the two types of subgenia?
Yeah, the depressed ones and the ones that are in their manic phase.
The morose and the be damned.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess I'm in between tonight.
Well, your shoulder blade, you know, like a...
Shoulder blade.

Yeah.
A pound or so of pork with onion gravy on top of it.
You're king among men.
Actually, it's funny, Dave, because I removed my shoulder blade to let Buddy, the hound
dog, chew on it.
Well, that was a good idea because you didn't want him chewing on your chicken neck.
Exactly.
Yeah.
So it was just to quiet him down, you know, so he'd leave my neck alone.
Yeah, you gotta...
I have to compromise with these dogs sometimes.
You know?
They're...
I'm not sure who the boss is.
Sometimes it's me, but especially when I'm doing something they want me to do, then I'm
the boss.
So...
So where are you on that stepladder between manic and depressive?
Between bi and polar?
Yeah.
Synaptic-reversed.
Oh, okay.
Right.

Also, when BBC made a program for you guys — there's a plug, there's a little
trick, there's a little sellers, you'll never miss a single one.


what they've done to a bunch of hstuders.
They're local h colocos.
Yeah.

And, they just like a physician, and they kill cat понcör and mou I was announce
to a lady


awful fossils. There's awful dust
on this mixing
console of mine.
That's because of the experimental
spiders you put back there a couple months ago
that you keep on forgetting about.
I mean, it still
works, although the
VU meters don't work at all.
But I can see other VU meters
on my tiny little digital recorder
and they say everything sounds great!
Well, some of them are good
as surveillance units for keeping
up the blind, or the
Soviet hysterectomies and the
other people that are connected to the units.
It's worked so far.
Yeah. Well, everybody
gets a pay raise every couple
months and it makes them, you know,
motivated and stuff.
You know, they were getting
a pay raise until they shut down
the conspiracy.
And we thought that would be good.
We thought, oh great, they're going to shut down the conspiracy.
That'd be great. Well, all of a sudden
you know, money wouldn't buy you
anything and credit cards would get even less.
In fact, they'd
shoot at you just for remembering
what those were.
So it's been pretty bad since they shut the
conspiracy down.
Well, they must be accommodating the time
sphere then because, or the time
control X, because for that
phenomenal one,
a couple thousands of a moment,
you don't know if it really
happened or not.
And that's what blows a hole
in the whole fish.
It cleans everything wide asunder.
Oh, but
before I go any further, wasn't that a
great bunch of stuff that we just played
in the first half of the show? Man, that was such
great stuff. Oh, it was before I go. It was
wonderful. Yeah, I don't know what it is yet
but I know that I'll pick it and do little
credits and stuff and make
this whole thing last for one hour.
That's the hard part.
Making it last for
four hours is not that hard.
But
making it last for 30,
40 minutes is not that hard. But making
it hit that one hour sweet
spot, you know, that
G spot, the H spot actually
is like. Yeah, that's
the 59
minutes and
30 seconds mark. Oh, I thought you
were going to say it was a 1959 rubber
overturn. I wish. They were
a beautiful car.
Oh,
my
day that I was born
across the plain
from a red dust storm
first the wind
then the rain
streaks of blood
on the window pane
holding the roof
leg on the bed
baptism on the baby's
head
mama cried
The curse has come
The mark of the red man's on my son
The red man coming, he's coming for me
The red man coming
The red man coming, he's coming for me
The red man coming
I learned to crawl, learned to eat
Walk and talk, they double speak
Hide my heart, show my hand
Listen in the dark for the red man
He comes selling that dirt, stain your soul
Saying this don't hurt anyone at all
Just sink your eyes into little girl laws
But don't waste your time, it don't wash off
The red man coming, he's coming for me
The red man coming
The red man coming
The red man coming, he's coming for me
The red man coming
The red man coming
Late in life, I fell in love uptown
With a one-on-one who'd been around
I said, how my love, did you lose your hand?
She said, pound of flesh for the red man
A daughter born, a father sees
There's red in the thread of the webby weave
Clean his clothes in the holy phone
But the rank of the red will come back to haunt
The red man coming, he's coming for me
The red man coming
The red man coming, he's coming for me
You won't find the red man coming
Just call me his name
порядon Again and again
Just once in your life

He's coming for me

The red man coming
Just once again Then once more
Just once again Then once again
guitar solo
Red horse sits on a telephone call
Watch to see which way I go
When I fall and when I stand
And tells it all to the red man
Red man coming, he's coming for me
Red man coming
Red man coming, he's coming for me
Red man coming
Red man coming
Red man coming
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Did I mention that this is hour of Slack number 1719?
And did I mention that that spooky song I just played,
Reddle Man Coming, is by the Rainmakers?
It's one of their spooky Stephen King type songs,
sort of like Lakeview Man.
Incidentally, Stephen King is also a big fan of the Rainmakers,
and there's even a YouTube video of him
driving home in his car,
singing along with the song Hooty Hoo,
terribly.
Now, this.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm sexually assaulted by a secret atomic humpback whale
of a secret warehouse just outside the capital of the USA.
That won't happen.
On Wall Street, 54% and 39 Twitter happy states
at the height of 39% and 54 states,
fresh Chesapeake blue crab says effective October 1st.
This is PR News in Washington.
Well, now, um, so,
so now that we've gotten the,
the credits out of the way,
I have two little news items that I've saved
to, to, uh, read to you, Dave.
And one of them is, uh, bi,
and one is polar.
Or rather, one is manic,
and the other one is depressive.
Let me do the manic, the depressive one first,
and then when I read the manic one,
it'll cheer everybody up.
It doesn't require any,
you jumping around or playing with your navel or anything?
No, no, they're real short.
Okay.
They're, uh,
I get this, uh, weekly news magazine called The Week,
and it kind of summarizes the,
the right wing and the left wing views of things
and the middle of the road view,
and then you can make up your own view from that.
Uh, they actually do a pretty good job
of, of showing both completely opposite sides.
Anyway, um, here's this guy.
Somebody has a pretty bad name.
Farhad Mandi.
In Jew.
In the New York Times was pondering,
and he, he, he pondered this.
I've been a technology journalist for nearly 20 years
and a tech devotee even longer.
Over that time, I've been obsessed
with how the digital experience scrambles
how we make sense of the real world.
Technology may have liberated us from the old gatekeepers,
but it has also created a culture
of choose-your-own-fact niches.
Elevated conspiracy thinking
to the center of public consciousness
and brought the incessant nightmare
of high school clique drama
to every human endeavor.
It also skewed our experience of daily reality.
Objectively, the world is better than ever,
but the digital world inevitably makes everyone feel worse.
Are you waiting for my, uh, reaction?
No, not really, because you're kind of immune.
You're immune to that whole digital world, aren't you?
You don't need that false progress.
As Bernard used to call it.
Well, I personally love it, but sometimes it, uh, you know,
in and out of institutions so many times recently.
Oh, did you hear that, that dog squeal?
Yeah, it sounds like a dog honking a horn or a steel.
You know what that means?
That, that one means get back up here and get to work
so that you can have time to baby us sooner.
Because I don't think I'm working now,
so I'm downstairs at this table.
The Tarzan's radio station table.
I only sit at it once a week or every two or three weeks.
I think it bothers him.
But anyway, here's some good news.
Okay, this is really strange.
I didn't know quite what to think about this.
Um, somebody named Nicholas Kristof.
Oh, once again, it's the New York Times.
Everybody knows that the world is going to hell,
but...
Let me try to make the case that 2018 was actually
the best year in human history.
It's the nature of the news business to focus on disasters,
war, starvation, and environmental threats.
But such coverage leaves most people spectacularly misinformed.
In polls, 90% of Americans say global poverty is getting worse
or not improving.
In fact, poverty is rapidly retreating.
In the early 1980s,
44% of the world's population lived in extreme poverty,
defined as less than $2 per person per day.
Sound familiar, Dave?
Now, fewer than 10% live in extreme poverty.
Every day, on average, last year,
295,000 people gained electricity for the first time,
305,000 got clean drinking water for the first time,
and another 620,000 were hooked up to the internet.
I guess the internet comes before clean drinking water.
Lifespans and literacy are rapidly increasing.
Well, everywhere but the USA.
Everywhere but the United States.
Yeah.
It may seem Pollyanna-ish to celebrate these victories,
but a failure to acknowledge global progress can leave people feeling helpless,
hopeless and ready to give up.
What has already been accomplished should show us what is possible,
and help fuel our future.

We need to make more efforts to make the world a better place.
So turn in your shoes and lock step march into tomorrow.
Right through in that last part.
I'm coming, mother.
Yeah, I stole it from the fire signs.
Your clam cakes, by the way, I've been trying to tell you for the last six or seven weeks
that your clam cakes are indeed damper than they should be this time of year.
Well, that's okay.
I've got enough little grope clusters here to chew on.
We just quoted Fire Sign Theater.
It always makes me want to punch people in the face.
When they do that to you?
Yeah, they quote Fire Sign Theater or Frank Zappa.
Either one, I just want to punch them in the nose.
It's like, yeah, I know where that came from.
I heard that album 100,000 times when I was in college too.
Now we're 60 years old and nobody knows what that means.
So just blow it off, man.
Forget it.
It's over with.
Actually, we-
Did you ever see the lights in the distance like of a buoy, like an aqualine buoy that
I can see out in the harbor that bops around?
Those are really, you know, that's what the conspiracy tries to convince you.
They're just buoys.
But I think they're UFOs.
They're, well, UBOs.
Unidentified Bios.

Bouncing objects.
Oh, I thought it was-
Or UFOs.
Unidentified floating objects.
That makes more sense.
Yeah.
Yeah, especially, why not give credit where credit is due?
You're the guy with the testicles.
You should know the angular area, the whole thing.
You modeled it out thousands of times with the lieutenant.
But you're the one with the buoys.
That's why you were so famous under the name David Bowie.
Yeah, but that was a different incarnation.
And I pretended I was a buoy.

I did.
I guess I've been pretending that for a long time now.
A couple years, I guess.
What?
You've been pretending?
But praise Bob!
That's great.
But then what is that smell?
That's Bob's smell.
Oh.
That's the smell of not only the pipe, but the person smoking it.
But you've only been near Bob once that I know of.
I guess it really clings to you, huh?
So that's some kind of trans-Arabian bin-bomb?

Been here, Bob, not once.
Dogs always want to roll on Bob because he has that kind of stink like a dead thing.
Yeah, but they also want to eat all the cookies and puke on each other, you know?
Just like humans and other primates do.
Well, it depends on what's in the cookies.
You know, if they're those medical kind of cookies and, you know, when somebody pukes,
everybody else wants to rush in there and, you know, get some.
They're like, hey, it's still good.
Yeah.
It's still got the stuff in it.
It needs to be regularized by the standards and mediocrity union or the participants of
the, you know, the participants there.
They need to have some standards set because I'd say like, you know, you eat a pound of
butter and a whole pound of herbal philosophy.
And you do that and you're liable to walk around the streets asking what time zone you're
in.
Well, there is already—
Except for happening in Iran.
Yeah.
I ran out of gas, too.
It was like an unusual incident, but it never really happened in my—well, it did happen
to my body.
But somehow, that's what I think is scary about those cookies is everything just changed
like as rapidly as it went the other way.
You know what I mean, don't you?
Yeah, sure, sure.
Oh, sure.
Of course.
Yeah, well, you were always real clear and sensible.
Usually, Dave, I figure out what you mean by that.




I mean, about the third time I hear the recording.
Well, thank God we were all born without vaginas because we could be in a lot of trouble right
now with the sodium police.
Speak for yourself.
Well, you know better and so do I.
I mean, I happen to be, you know, handicapped that way, but I've got a little dog here.
It's all she's got is a vagina.
She's got ten nipples, man.
And she lets me get to second base.
That's a good nickname for me.





I think sometimes there's like 12 teeth, you know, and there's ten.
And I used to ridicule them damn dogs just like, hey, ten teeth, get in there, you know,
and stuff.
And they walk in like, sure, I can feed a whole family of eight or nine or ten.
But I didn't want to because I was, what is it, staying?
Yeah.
Are we on the radio?
Yeah.
I used to play this cassette on the radio a long, long time ago.
I haven't heard it in years and years.
I have no idea what episode it's on or what it's even called, but it had some kind of
avant-garde music.
And then it was mixed over that was this old man talking about, he starts out saying, dogs
has always been my friend.
And he goes on and on talking about this dog.
And it's kind of this.
This specific dog.
He's the most faithful and loyal and he's going on and on like this.
And it's kind of touching.
And just the other day, about 35 years later, I realized from something I was reading who
that old guy was.
It was Lyndon Baines Johnson.
Oh, yeah.
He had put out a record album.
Somebody had gotten into the White House.
Or maybe it was after he retired or something.

And got a recording of him just rambling on and on about dogs.
Especially this one dog he liked.
And it was the name of it was something about like, dogs have always been my friend.
Except that he, I swear, he said, dogs has always been my friend.
It's highly likely because to preclude any kind of grammatical error on his part is certainly
not.
Just think of Richard Milhous Nixon.
They're all of us.
They're all of us.
But they all have the same category and the same bloodlines and everything like that.
They were first they were with the Soviet encampment.
Then they turned out it was 1992 already.
Oh, no.
They're all related to the Tsar.
Yeah, the Tsar of the Romanov.
What's his name?
Willy, Willy Wanker.
Yeah.
Well, he's he they, you know, Bob took him and his family off to Argentina a long time
ago.
He turned up a real good cover story that even they even found the bones of the Tsar
in his family.
Nudge, nudge, wink, wink.
Yep.
And it's a good thing we get to take a bath in the sodium lime once in a while to cleanse ourselves and purify our sins.
Because, you know, we have had quite a few sins over the last few millenniums or, I mean, millennia.
Well, tell me about those sins.
The Tsarina is my great-great-great-grandmother.
But the Tsar Nicholas was not my great-great-great-grandfather.
Can you guess who my great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather was?
Rasputin.
That's, here you go.
Gregor Rasputin, the mad monk.
And he had a lot to be mad about.
He told them, if any of you nobles kill me, the entire Russian state, the monarchy, will be completely destroyed within six months.
And it came true.
Some nobles killed him, and six months later?
There was no Russian monarchy at all.
The whole revolution happened, and my great-great-great-great-grandmother and grandcousins were in jail.
Yep.
It was a nice jail until they got machine gunned.
Yeah, they treated him well until they stopped treating him well.
But you've got to remember that the Tsarists killed Lenin's brother over really specious reasons just to make a, that, you know,
Lenin was part of the early, early, early, early, early.
Early, early, early, middle class arising in the Soviet Union, the former Soviet Union in Russia at the time,
which was basically two classes, the aristocrats, the aristocrats, not the joke, the aristocrats.
Right.
The aristocrats and the serfs, the people, the poor, the peasants, the whole freaking huge country full of poor people that are practically owned by other people.
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine?
A country like that?
That would just be horrible.
Where the poor people have so little money compared to the super aristocrats that they're practically owned and have to slave away most of their day doing tedious stuff they really have no emotional connection to for people they'll never meet.
Owned, I tell you.
Sting, are you saying that this country could be ripe for revolutionary fervor based upon what you just said?
No, I think every country.
Every country is pretty much.
They're all.
But it's too late.
It ain't going to happen.
The only way.
Yeah, the iconoclaps.
I mean, the subgeniuses don't have too much longer to worry about it.
In about four months, we'll be out.
We'll be off this mud ball.
Yeah, but Bob always promises so much.
It's like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then when we meet again in three weeks.
Well, but that's what the.
You know, that's the faith part.
You have to have faith in the face.
I guess I guess I'll just believe and have faith the way the Christians used to make me want to do it when I was a little school boy or towards women.
I was a 53 year old woman with a bad hangover.
That was a headbang.
And that's what it said.
I forgot again.
Well, you got me talking about Bob and, you know, my boss.
And I started thinking, you know, he must be watching me from somewhere.
He's a pig.
I'm not in my.
I'm in my office.
It's like you can't escape him.
There's piles and piles of them.
But I was thinking I'm safe here because the only faces on my in my immediate view are a monster high character and some choking hazard characters, joking hazard characters.
It's a card game.
But then I turned around.
Yeah, sure enough.
There's a Dobbs head.
In fact, it's a 3D one with a fez on.
It's a mask.
It's a really good mask that Joe Riley made from John Hagenbrenner sculpt.
And then I and then I did have the misfortune of putting up a poster that has this piece of art that Paul Mavridis drew from my idea.
And it has that damn face staring at me.
And there's also a Dobbs for a to kind of a vampire looking rubber mask.
This guy called Sick Rick makes.
You can get you can actually get Bob rubber masks now.
They're about 100 bucks.
But but they're good.
They're hand painted and they're creepy.
Really creepy looking.
Scary.
You can actually.
And you are marketing them.
I just I just said it's Sick Rick.
But it's spelled with just a K.
There's no C like S.
I.
K.
R.
I.
K.
Dot com.
Sick Rick.
No.
Sick Rick masks.
People.
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Sick Rick masks dot com.
And I haven't been spreading the word about that around enough.
But you can actually get a Bob head mask.
I can say that because.
Beautiful idea.
I don't get any money for it.
Although I later on, I will get a mask.
You know, every 10 masks or so he sells.
I get I get one.
I think I've got three.
But they're not here.
The only one I have here is the dead Bob mask.
It's hand painted in black and white.
So it's more like the Bob's real face.
Once you try that at the bank tomorrow, come in there with a different head.
So.
Right.
And we're in different dollars.
Massage.
You rip each one off.
Man.
No.
Because see, everybody around here is a good guy with a gun.
They're all packing and they have been forever.
You know, they everybody in Texas has a gun in their pocket.
But that movie come hell.
Or high water.
Yeah.
You walk into the wrong bank getting robbed and everybody in the bank has a gun to shoot back at you.
Actually, I've never seen that movie, but I think that it just got onto Netflix.
Well, let's just hope that it honors its traditions of thousands of years now, especially since the Fukuwazis family came to California.
Well, it's probably been colorized or something.
It has to have been because the Fukuwazis family was making fine sodium.
Prince back in the nineteen forty five before the first hydrogen explosion occurred spontaneously.
Of course, they're not directed by any power mad crazy people or anything like that.
It's just, you know, we have to stop the war quicker to make it go faster.
Well, that's why they keep explaining it.
And it's always mission accomplished.
Yeah.
But we still always on the road of having to blow everybody else.
Up in the world.
Oh, I know.
So many of them.
They got their building up excuses to have wars with everybody at once.
Now, China, Korea, Venezuela, just Brazil.
No, Brazil is on our side now.
Well, they become they're run by fascists now.
So technically.
Brazil just elected a Brazilian Trump.
Yeah.
There's been a lot of that.
Yeah.
So I think what we're looking at right here is pretty soon they want to secure the mineral rights to much of this area called Latin America.
Yeah.
You wouldn't want to be a Brazilian Indian right now because there's a bulldozer right outside your hut.
They just sold all of the rainforest to lumber companies.
Not only are they shooting you if you're an activist of any kind or even.
Part of a tribal structure that wants to make you wants to complain.
It's better off.
You just arm them, give them guns and kind of deputize them to let cut down their own forest and take credit for it.
Well, but remember all that good news I read just a little while ago.
It was the best year ever for people who had no drinking water at all.
Three two hundred ninety five thousand more got no three hundred five thousand got drinking water.
For the first time every day.
Of two thousand.
Somebody got new.
Where's my fridge.
Where's my clean drinking water.
Wait a minute.
I'm drinking this.
This this Agua fraca.
Here in oil country.
You know.
You have to be a dowser.
You have to know where to poke around with sticks and it'll lead you to oil.
I mean to water.
Right.
But it's all tainted water.
See, it's all been.











Frack kind of flavored with that fracking juice that makes the water a little bit tougher and thicker so it can hydraulically force the gas and oil up.
That's the whole.
I mean, sealed up the country pretty quickly.
Haven't they stained.
And we can.
What would Bob say about such a thing?
Because he's in such a creditable.
He already said it.
He said it in the 1950s.
I forget which month or year, but he said it's going to be a bummer, man.
Yeah.
Case closed.
Prophecy fulfilled.
Just like the hooks of Norway.
You know, that's the way they get you to.
If you want to go ice skating in the wrong pond, you might as well pull off your jockstrap right there.
And if Bob prophesies something and it happens, well, that's a prophecy.
That's a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Yeah.
Even if he didn't exactly want it, if he says it's going to happen like a.









Like it's going to be a bummer.
Well, it was.
Because he said so.
It stinks up the atmosphere anyway, and you're bound to believe it's the next one from one
to another.
I.
I.
I.
I.
I.

I.
I.

I.
I.
I.

I.
I.
How can I go out.
Why you growing up.
Just a bird, not a butterfly?
I mean.





Anyway, and then.
You know what, I think, a lot about that, is that drewЭI don't know.





And we're às.




No, he's going to wear a hat.
He must have broke down
I'm broken down
Yeah, I'm broken down
I'll pay the ransom, the rent, the loan
I'll be spent when the money's gone
But I'll never leave, don't fear
I'll just stay right here and disappear
I'm broken down
I'm broken down
I'm broken, I'm broken down
Well, I'm broken down
Well, we're rockin' now.
Broken Down, performed by Bob Walkenhorst and Jeff Porter of The Rainmakers,
although that particular recording comes from a DVD of a Bob Walkenhorst live show
called Live and On Purpose 2006.
We almost had him at Starwood Festival last year,
but I'm glad we didn't because I didn't get to go to Starwood last year myself.
But to end the show on an upbeat,
I'm going to play another song by Massive Hot Dog Recall,
a very special song, one I can identify with,
called Goat in My Car.
I don't actually have a goat in my car most of the time,
but my brother has about a hundred goats right down the hill from me,
and he has definitely had a goat in his car.
In fact, the goat was trying to drive the car.
And yes, I have JPEGs to prove it.
Anyway,
this song will reveal the other connection the Church of the Subgenius has with Massive Hot Dog Recall.
Goat in My Car
Goat in My Car
Goat in My Car
Goat in My Car
Goat in My Car
Goat in My Car
Goat in My Car
Goat in My Car
Goat in My Car
Goat in My Car
Goat in My Car
Goat in My Car
Got a goat that lives in my car
Who explains that the way that the universe is turned around
Trying to tell me even though I'm a tool I can still have a little fun
Driving around with a goat in my car
Holy shit, there's a goat in my car
Tell Rusty there's a goat in my car
Tell my boss there's a goat in my car
Eating garbage is an attribute commonly applied to goats
But my goat will have you know it's just a metaphor for being an asshole
Things get stinky when he forces his opinion
And by opinion I mean he's packing those big old goat balls
Up to the back of my head from the backseat of my car
Yeah!
I got a goat in my car
Don't tell the cops there's a goat in my car
Tell El Chapo there's a goat in my car
Tell your broker there's a goat in my car
Don't worry, until anyone and everybody is delayed



I don't know why it société
I don't know why she decir
I bought it in a small coin şekilde
JeLove

I went to the electrician
I'm hungry
You should go to the Tesla
I've been trying to get rid of this thing for years
Like when we stop for gas
Or burritos
Or simply just to take a leak
Cause I've had it up to here
With these views on modern art history
Coming around with a gun in my car
Tell your yoga pants there's a boat in my car
Tell Chris Bannon there's a 30-pack in the bridge
Tell General Boy there's a goat in my car
Okay, Massive Hot Dog Recall.
One of the most important shows of all time.

One of my favorite new bands
Because who else does trombone solos
And has a goat in their car?
Herb Alpert never had a goat in his car.
Anyway, the trombone player and singer is Al Mothersbaugh
A cousin of Mark and Bob Mothersbaugh of Devo
And of Amy Mothersbaugh
An artist who runs a cool art gallery at Cuyahoga Falls
Called Studio 2091
Over the years I think I've met practically the whole Mothersbaugh clan
Including the late great General Boy
A patriarch of the Devo's
Al Mothersbaugh also runs Akron Glass Tinting
Which recently renovated the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile
Small world, friends
But all the important parts of the small world
Can be found at subgenius.com
That's subgenius.com
Subgenius.com
Prisoners and very old people
Can write for free information from P.O. Box 807
Glen Rose, Texas 76043
Let Bob be praised
Praised and paid
Pay Bob
