20 million men have had abnormal sex find out how the subgenius
specifically designed to target the muscles that control the bladder
side effects include mouth constipation for a full 24 hours i am just a dog
from pr news in washington another apparent toxic primary reason to celebrate
in 2026 the dow is 15 25 3 5 more than 40 percent president trump tweeted that north america
is the u.s canadian canada and mexico mexico a new gallup poll finds most americans support
pr but their support wanes for later stages of pr news
oh yes dear friends and thank you lemur for the titles and news
you
and uh thanks empire jazz orchestra for the background music this time it's
from an album called accentuate the positive which is
apropos because it's spring break and my broke back backed off and i started my garden and
by gobs i got my dang johnson and jackson shot which made me sick as a dog but now i can go
places except i never do
and every time i go to the park i get a little bit of a headache because i'm not sure if i'm
actually a dog這樣
my thing is looking up including uh this week old song i mean it's it was recorded a week
ago by uh strong old bob walkenhorst which i've taken the liberty of lifting from his
patreon site where he posts a new song every month uh he too got his shot he's he's one
month older than i am and he was feeling good too
you
I stay one step ahead of the melancholy
I've been writing ten letters to Buddy Holly
I'm down in steerage on Fulton's Folly
I stay one step ahead of the melancholy
I lift two doors down from the old man on the corner
There's a window next door, somebody oughta want her
Daddy digs through your trash when the weather gets warmer
I lift two doors down from the old man on the corner
Come a summer, we'll be dancing in the street
Come a summer, down the corner gonna meet you
Come a summer, there's a party on the block
Somebody hit the snooze on the doomsday clock
I'm down in steerage on Fulton's Folly
I'm three floors up from a band on the skills
They practice all night, those goddamn kids
They called the demolition debris and they probably did
They sound like a bus going over a cliff
Come a summer, we'll be dancing in the street
Come a summer, down the corner gonna meet you
Come a summer, there's a party on the block
Somebody hit the snooze on the doomsday clock
Come a summer
I'm four days late from making my rent
My baby gave me the dough but now it's all spent
Born on my bed, had to go to bed, had to go to bed

Got dropped in the jukebox, that's where it went
Come a summer, we'll be dancing in the street
Come a summer, down the corner gonna meet you
Come a summer, there's a party on the block
Somebody hit the snooze on the doomsday clock
Come a summer
Come a summer
Come a summer
Come a summer

Come a summer
Come a summer
Come a summer
Come a summer
Come a summer
Come a summer
Come a summer
Come a summer
Bob Walkenhorst, a chipper straight up rock and roll song there called Come a Summer.
Now I'm going to keep this happy voice.
vibe going with a pretty old song from the famous ancient Broadway musical, My Fair Lady.
This is from the movie soundtrack, and it happens to be a perfect subgenius anthem,
specifically a rewardian subgenius anthem, or what we might call classic so-called slacker
anthem, sung by Stanley Holloway. Listen to the words, or at least try to follow the subtitles.
The Lord above gave man an arm of iron, so he could do his job and never shirk.
The Lord above gave man an arm of iron, but with a little bit of luck, with a little bit of luck,
someone else will do the blinking work. With a little bit, with a little bit,
with a little bit of luck, you'll never work.
The Lord above made man a man, and he made man a man.
The Lord above made liquor for temptation, to see if man could turn away from sin.
The Lord above made liquor for temptation, but with a little bit of luck, with a little bit of luck,
when temptation comes, you'll give right in.
With a little bit, with a little bit, with a little bit of luck, you'll give right in.
Oh, you can walk the straight and narrow,
but with a little bit of luck, you'll never work.
With a little bit of luck, you'll run amok.
The gentle sex was made for man to marry, to share his nest and see his food is cooked.
The gentle sex was made for man to marry, but with a little bit of luck, with a little bit of luck,
you can have it all and not get hooked.
With a little bit, with a little bit, with a little bit of luck, you won't get hooked.
And with a little bit of luck, you can tell even the narwhal to a peso longer.
With a little bit, Preston, give me your money, just don't forget what you promised me.
When you Home Run it towards the aberία rootthers of the antibiotics and food you lost,
best way to get it just for the best of luck, is to keep it in holiday.
dra 그러니, extortOh man.
So long as when the worst comes to best of luck, I'll know that it's above,
the product is sub exhibitions.
Best bets are like this,
Best bets are like this,
best bets are like this,
All of this kink.
little bit of luck, you know when it comes around you won't be home.
We have a little bit, we have a little bit, we have a little bit of luck we won't be home.
We have a little bit, we have a little bit, we have a little bit of blooming luck.
You make a good suffrage, you!
That's right, leave the gas alone!
Why there's the lucky man now, the Honourable Alfie Doolittle.
What are you doing in Eliza's house?
A former residence. Ha! You can buy your own drinks now, Alfie Doolittle. Fallen into a tub of butter, you have.
What are you talking about?
Your daughter Eliza. Oh, you're a lucky man, Alfie Doolittle.
Well, what about Eliza?
Ah! He don't know. Her own father and he don't know.
Moved in with a swell Eliza has. Left her in a taxi all by herself smart as paint and ain't been home for three days.
Go on.
And this morning I gets a message from her.
She wants her things sent over to 27A Wimpole Street, care of Professor Regians.
And what things does she want?
What?
A bird cage and a Chinese fan.
But she says, never mind about sending any clothes.
I knew she had a career in front of her.
Eddie boy, we're in for a booze up. The sun is shining on Alfie Doolittle.
A man was made to help support his children, which is the right and proper thing to do.
A man was made to help support his children.
But with a little bit of luck, with a little bit of luck, they'll go out and start supporting you.
With a little bit, with a little bit, with a little bit of luck they'll work for you.
With a little bit, with a little bit, with a little bit of blooming luck.
Oh, it's a crime for man to go philandering and fill his wife's poor heart with grief and doubt.
Oh, it's a crime for man to go philandering, but with a little bit of luck,
with a little bit of luck you can see the bloodhound don't find out.
With a little bit, with a little bit, with a little bit of luck she won't find out.
Charlie, come here, come here.
With a little bit, with a little bit of blooming luck.
With a little bit of blooming luck.
Hi, Mom. We had a game this afternoon, but our side lost. What do you want at the store?
More sugar, son. Here's the list. These are the people I want you to turn in, and here's the family pocketbook.
I need these things in a hurry, too.
Okay, Mom. I'll take my bike.
Hi, Mom. Say, will you let me trade work tonight?
I was supposed to do the dishes, but Jane's father is going to show the movies of their trip.
May I get supper?
Well, I think so. Tonight's the family boon meeting, you know. I wouldn't want you to be late.
You sure you'll be back in time?
Well, Janie said they were going to have the movies right after supper. I'll be home by eight.
Well, that's all right then, Heineke. Suppose you set the table and I'll start making the salad.
I'll dive right in.
Where's the liquor?
Okay. Come to order over there.
All right. Now the chief... Shut up. The chief thing to talk over is our vacation.
Right, Chief.
But perhaps, Mother. Perhaps...
Perhaps there's some small things first.
Well, they're small, but they're hard.
And, John, I know it's hard to be neat, but tonight in the living room I stumbled over the stiff fingers of a catcher's mitt.
Oh, God.
And I had to take Patty's period back to school before she'd study them, and I could sit down in the big electric chair.
Oh, Mom.
Well, maybe we could be more careful where we put things.
Yes, I think we... I think they ought to.
Okay, now, young... John, John, yes.
Anything you want to bring?

Just my dinner, Dad.
Cute kid.
Gee, he's neat, isn't he?
Yeah.
I'd like to bring up our vacation, Dad. Gee, you should have seen those pictures tonight.
Oh, yeah.
They were in color and everything.
Well, now, now, now, now.
Now, last... Did it have the dentist in it?
Yes.
I love those.
And the nun.
Yes, the Cary Grant mask.
Yeah, that's a lot.
I love that one. That's the same trip I went on.
And the nun with the mole.
Yes, I know.
Dad.
That mole is so small you wouldn't expect...
He lives under the yard.
Yes.
Come on, Dad. What about our vacation?
All right, let's see. Back to the meeting here. Yes. Well, last time we decided that one of you should go to camp.
And he never came back.
And that the other one would go on a trip with us.
Oh, well, gee, let John go to camp this summer. I went last year and then the rest of us could all take a trip together.
Those pictures sure must have been wonderful.
They sure were.
That mole. I thought you wanted to go to camp.
I've been camping all morning.
What do you say, John?
Well, gosh, Dad, I'd say I don't know.
Ask Yoko.
Couldn't I do both?
Well, now the family budget says camp for just one of you. Now, it wouldn't be fair for one person to do both, would it?
Well, I'm a schizophrenic.
Yeah, and I'm a bisexual.
I'm bored.
Well, now, let's wait until tomorrow and see if that decision is sticky... sticks, shall we?
Like the catcher myth.
John, cut it out.
Then we can plan some more.
Well, you see that John and Patty are already friends.
They're full-fledged citizens in their family.
They have a regular share in the family's work.
They help to make the family's plans.
Well, kids, so long now.
Hope you had a good time with the Whisperin' Squash again today.
Remember, bye for now, because you may not have a chance to bye for tomorrow.
So long, kids!
So long!
Hooray for Squash!
Yay!
The Firesign Theatre did that, a happy family scene called Family Bund Meeting from the
collection Dope Humor of the Seventies.
See thefiresigntheatre.com, but spell theatre the British way.
You know, I've been playing happy songs.
Well, here's the happiest song of all from the swinginest, lovinest bunch of corpses
you ever heard, the swingin' love corpses, with Dr. Philo Drummond, Colonel Sphinx Drummond,
Ray Hay on guitar, Leif Cowabunga on bass, and Skippy Mojo Butcher on drums.
I think I got that right.
The song, We Are Going to Save the Universe.
Now, is that cheerful or what?
This is a song I don't know about because it worked.
It's about the night we saved the universe.
Groupies.
Yeah.
When we were born into this life
We were destined to make it right
And it's pretty turnin'
And this is our fate
We're singin' this song
So you can read late
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
We are going to save the universe
This time
It's time
We are full grown
We are grown up men
We are law-masters
We've been made to reason it
It is our mission, it is our task, it's all for us, yet you still ask.
We are going to save the universe, we are going to save the universe, we are going to save the universe.
It's time!
It's time!
It's time!
Don't you worry.
Don't have no fears.
Don't get out of sight.
Because we are in this gear.
We can't wait.
So please understand.
We're in control.
And we are more than a band.
We are going to save the universe, we are going to save the universe, we are going to save the universe.
It's time!
It's time!
It's time!
It's time!
It's time!
It's time!
It's time!
It's time!
It's time!
Well, maybe next time.
The Swingin' Love Corps is with the Drummond brothers on vocals.
Speaking of which.
Puzzling evidence.
Evidence recently unearthed one of his old shows that happened to have both Philo and Sphinx in the KPFA studio in Berkeley with Dr. Howell back in May of 1999.
I haven't actually heard it yet, or at least not in 22 years.
Let's check some of it out.
I've realized in editing that I need to explain this scene that's about to happen on the Puzzling Evidence show.
Philo and his brother were on, and just as Philo went off to go to the bathroom or something, his dead dog, Little Dude, called in.
Philo had this beloved little dog named Lil' Dude.
And every now and then, it was like Lil' Dude would somehow call the show.
It didn't happen often, but when it did happen, Philo missed it.
What, Lil' Caller?
Dude!
Oh, of course, I knew it.
Well, as a person who's a professional telephone pole climber, I must say it is a hazard to have, to battle nails and staples.
They're only at the bottom, aren't they?
Yeah, so if you do fall, you're not going to fall like 30 feet.
That's the good thing.
You'll only fall 30, 30, 1 foot 30 times.

Berlin, Germany, Chicago, Illinois.
Who is this now?
This is Lil' Dude.
Wow, Lil' Dude finally called.
How about Austin?
Lil' Dude, are you calling from under the ground in Missouri or something?
No, I'm from a different place.
A better place, I think.
A better place.
Do you have any words of wisdom for us?
Well, I'd like to talk to Philo.
Oh, boy, that's going to be tough, you know.
What do you want to know?
For reasons the callers can only guess at.
I am Philo by proxy.
Oh, can I talk to Philo's brother?
I'm Philo by proxy.
I lost my career and I cry in my beer.
Yeah, that is the famous Philo's brother.
Also known as Hector.
Remember that time I peed on your leg?
Also, Bavoso.
Remember that time I peed on your leg and you kicked me?
Yeah.
Oh, I'm Lil' Dude's revenge.
This is getting kind of creepy.
No.
I hate you for that.
No.
I do.
I really wasn't kicking you.
What I was trying to do was point you in a direction in a rapid manner.
Not bad.
I'm sorry if the impact of my good intentions was, you know, to your detriment, but hey, I was...
You were just trying to pet me with your foot, I know.
Yeah.
Just, you know.
Where's the...
Where's the book that says you can only pet an animal with your hand?
Oh, here it is right here.
The genteel guide to animal husbandry.
The special section on your board.
Take it apart and see if it works.
Oh, it's still built in...
I didn't call you an animal.
All animal products from Edible, Missouri.
Well, we also have an announcement that the Big Top 23 Circus will...
Exhibit its curiosity cabinet of wonder and oddities on the 22nd...
Philo's brother.
...Dolce B, Dr. Howland, Alcantara...
I'm Philo's brother.
Aerial acts are performed...
I'm Philo's brother.
This is at the Cyclone Warehouse, 1842 Illinois Street...
Man, this little dude guy can talk forever even though his lungs are, you know, probably leathery and...
This is a benefit...
There's probably worms crawling out of the...
...the bones between his eyes.
...drug rehab program.
I don't know, now it's just...
But that was the best tape ever.
The little dude digging up the backyard tape.
That was amazing.
Because about two months later, the Times Beach story broke and...
It's like...
In the meantime...
And it is a meantime...
Don't be scared, little caller.
When will we hear from the Book of Bob?
Hyperventilation verse one.
Oh, man, you know...
Those have gone off in all sorts of directions.
But I'm sure you'll...
You could hear from them...
Hell, what am I saying?
In June 10th in Portland, right?
At the Lawsuit of Bob.
Man, that's one of the best jams.
At the Lawsuit of Bob, which is now a club in L.A.
There was so much money made by all the people in Lawsuit that they all got together as friends and bought a club in L.A.
And it's called Lawsuit O' Bob.
You remember doing this one, Philo?
Good Lord.
Hey, I just got back.
What is that?
What is that?
I didn't miss anything, did I?
No, except little dude called.
You didn't miss anything except little dude.
Little dude called?
Oh, man.
And you weren't here.
Oh.
You must have been frapping or driving.
No, I was...
Well, I was actually answering to nature's most urgent call.
Yeah, frapping.
That's what I thought.
His nature's voice I hear and I obey.
Brother to Joe...
We had to go hiking two miles into the forest today to do that.
To do that?
To do this.
Oh, my...
Now throw that big community-sized towel over it.
That huge towel, yes.
That huge towel gets larger and larger.
No.
Throw that building...
I mean that city-sized towel.
We're just trying to keep it nice and spanking clean here.
It turns into a Richard Bartholomew story.
Yeah, exactly.
Puzzling evidence with Dr. Howland's special guest, the Drummond brothers, Philo and Sphinx.
And here's something new and slack-imbuing, the latest Dobbstown Mirror, and it's an eight-pager.
Check this out, friends.
From Dobbstown.com.
Actually, this doesn't say the Dobbstown Mirror.
It just says the Dobbstown Mirror, number 104, volume two, number two, April 1st, 23 AX.
That's this year.
Five dollars, boy.
Well, see, it's an eight-pager.
It's got a big picture on the front by Zontar.
Of Dobbstown.
Dobbstown is a part of Dobbstown.
Here, let's read the first part.
Do you suffer from chronic ringing grin-itis?
Or I suppose you could pronounce that grin-itis.
Can't help but laugh at the horror.
Ready for a religion that considers you equal, not in your soul or in heaven, but in that most sacred of all parts of your body, your wallet?
Us too.
Why?
Why must we always wait for future events?
What would it mean to you to wait for now or wait for the past?
The Church of the Subgenius offers complete satisfaction, free instructions in exchange for money.
The conspiracy is powerful and skilled in deception.
As a member of the Church of the Subgenius moves away from the con,
he or she may move in any direction, including directions that to other subgeniee look strange or even wrong.
The only wrong way to be a subgenius is to never send in your membership fee to the Church of the Subgenius, Subgenius Foundation.
Think of it.
A mind control cult that actively does not care if you conform to its rules.
Can yours say the same?
Last each day as if you live.
Oh Bob, I sell just about anything to just about anybody.
What's he sold you today?
The conspiracy has over 10,000 nuclear warheads in their arsenals.
The Church of the Subgenius?
Only three.
And yet we dare to challenge them.
The advertisement that all advertisements are based on is advertising warheads.
The belief that all beliefs are based on is the belief that beliefs are real.
The Church of the Subgenius is a sinous sacrilegion and a society of superior mutants.
Bob said, you can be what you won't.
Adopt the mask of sanity.
Be so lucky that everything that happens is what you wanted to happen.
And treat that as if it were the most normal thing in the world.
Self-initiate your future self into your present perfected form.
Prescribe your own script.
Well, that was a nice first section there from the Dobstown Mirror.
There's so many fine features in here.
Oh my gosh, here's a
article on optimism.
But I better not read it because I'm not sure whether I've read that one already.
But there's a rant in here
by the late Dr. Katahdin Leghim from 1999
about rain. And it's really, really touching.
Actually, it's super touching.
Maybe I should read it.
Rain by Dr. Katahdin Leghim.
Man, I'm tuned.
It's rained maybe twice this summer.
And the news said we might have a thunderstorm tonight.
It's been near 100 degrees all weekend.
I'd welcome rain like a brother.
I told Susie, I'm going out. Gonna do a rain dance.
She, of course, gave me that, you're nuts, but I knew that when I married you, look.
I stepped out the front door and shook my meaty butt a while.
And said to no deity in particular,
Come on! Rain!
A drop hit me on my t-shirt.
And another.
In about two minutes, I felt myself begin to tune.
The rain was falling in buckets and I was standing all alone in the courtyard right in the middle of the downpour.
I was seized up in the now, feeling the cool wind whipping around me,
the air fresh and sweet.
The rain fell hard and cold on my bald head,
running down in rivulets.
From a nearby vacant apartment, I could hear Stan, the maintenance man's CD player,
blasting out the ten-minute instrumental intro to Pink Floyd's Shine On, You Crazy Diamond.
I knew that the other tenants in my apartment complex were staring out their windows at me, thinking me mad.
I didn't give a . . .
Bob?
The poor fools didn't know what they were missing.
I stood there for the duration of the storm,
lightning crashing violently,
wind ripping leaves from the trees,
and rain like a deluge on me.
A chubby girl about ten years old came out of her apartment and walked over to me, grinning.
She knew why I was out there when all the older and wiser didn't.
Other kids came and did their thing.
Stared out their windows, wanting to come out too,
but their parents wouldn't let them.
Oh, perish forbid.
Only fools don't have the sense to come in out of the rain.
But if that rain makes me a fool,
then hand me the pointed hat.
That wasn't rain that fell from the sky on me this evening.
It was just wet slack.
Wow. By Dr. Le Guim from the Dobbs Town Mirror.
Latest edition.
And, uh . . .
But now this.
. . .
If your body's feeling bad
And it's the only one you have
You wanna take her with a play
Go on walking in the rain
Watch the flowers go to bed
Ask the man inside your head
You'll never have to leave
All you gotta do is believe
Nothing ever
Amen and Hallelujah
I sense sickness in this room friends
Lots and lots of invalid sickness
And who is fully licensed by the state of New Jersey
New Mexico, Nevada, Pennsylvania
To fully and completely heal you by laying hands on you
No one's gonna say no
That's right me, I can do it
Step forward friends, step forward
And let me lay hands on you
All you gotta do is dream
Your body's gonna stop the fear
Amen
Sing adrift, set holding fire
Everlasting sweet desire
If you matter what the doctor say
Heal a man and he'll steal away
Immortality for two
Miracles they come for you
The Big Hero
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Yes friends, it is me again
Like a specter emerging from under a rock
I'm back to make you happy in the name of Jesus
That's right
Come on, I saw you, I saw you
I got to you, Tom
You got it that you can't beat me
Well, it ain't just me
That's right, you've got to heal me
All I gotta do the bell is ring
Oh, check it out when you find me
I'm in charge, I'm in the middle of things
Play me수리

More power, more power

эта 말 경우에는
If I could stop the pain
I had the courage to run away
Andrea Day and everyone I've known
Inside the head
Finger drips and holding fire
Everlasting sweet desire
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Friends, I need only your soft touch to do my work
So many of you have sinned
So many of you have sinned
God's not gonna let go
He's gonna punish you
God hates folks who are fat
God hates folks who are safety small
God hates, God hates, God hates
Where's God's love?
Oh, where's God's love?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Yeah, friends, I have sinned on you
Can I put my hands on you?
I have no one seeking in the back
I have no one seeking in the back
of a car
I've known sin in the back of a barn
I've gone far to know sin, friends
I've traveled miles and miles and miles
I say I know, please forgive me
I just need your touch to forgive me
Please lay hands on me
That's right, right back there
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Can I put my hands on you?
Amen and Hallelujah
Wait, wait, wait, my light's gone
I can't feel my love
Lord
That was Einstein's Secret Orchestra, or ESO,
covering Alex Harvey's Faith Healer.
I used to rant during the instrumental part of that.
I've got deep vivals.
But now, ESO Swamp Radio from WCSB, Cleveland,
around the year 2000,
in trouble with buttons.
What happens if I push that button?
I don't know what happens if you pass that button, but...
There's these little lights on the phone, and I'm...
I push these... I push the red button, but...
Well, as you notice, staying over there to the left of the grill...
And here's the util phone.
It says speaker and phone,
so I think someone is importantly trying to convocate us,
but we can't evacuate the system.
Uh, hello?
Hello?
No, I'm kidding, that doesn't work.
Now push one and pull the other one at the same time, and maybe...
Hey man, hey man, you're blowing my FCC qualifications.
Let's quit talking.
I'm not...
Let's not even...
No, we were just kidding about the collar.
Let's not use the word blowing anything of anything you have in any contextual situation, please.
For the love of Dobbs.
And whatever happened to Mike?
For the love of Mike.
And for the love of the most important thing in the world...
For the love of Mike!
I need you.
For the love of money!
For the...
Is she singing about Buddha again?
Well, uh, let's see.
Ima Sumac here...
Buddha's my kind of guy.
This is a song called Aklataki, chant of the chosen maidens.
These are your Neanderthal babes, your Yeti girls, your were-women...
They're gonna be taken to the sacrificial rock, and rocked by the sur...
Surf...
Surf...
Surf...
Surf...
And I suppose the priestly class will have some sort of fun with them, because they were captured and enslaved from a local tribe that lost the big bowling tournament.
Right? Am I correct?
That's all... Yeah, well, that's, uh...
Isn't that the way they used to do it down there in Peru?
You know, yes, the conspiracy actually echoes down through human history.
Just as today, we suffer under its sometimes subtle jackboot, so too did the ancient...
A subtle... subtle jackboot...
The Lemurians, the Atlanteans, also knew of the conspiracy.
But don't you think subtle jackboot would be a delicious name for a band that could perform not one, but three songs?
Oh, I gotta... No, no, subtle jackboot is a good name for a band.
Princess, we and I have formed a new band just because we... we...
Subtle jerkwaters.
Had the name...
Okay, here's the band name.
Okay.
Poo Water Towel.
I already thought of that.
Oh.
That's old, man. Poo Water Towel? Come on, you know, I said... I had Poo Water...
There probably was a band called Poo Water Towel.
There was Poo Water Dissonance. It was an old 19th... early 70s Cleveland band, art band. Poo Water Dissonance.
Really?
Yes. And they played in high frequency dog tones, mostly.
But they were bursted by the ASPIC... the Society for Refurbishment of the Animal Crew.
And one man was sent to punishment for, I think, like 40 years.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, let's see.
Do you know the song?













Get the other one!
Now what?

Come on, everybody, stick your finger in your nose!
Pick aim on the rock and light it on your face!
I don't know how to read him one way or the other...
It's pretty Baz depending on what he's really trying to do and what he's really trying to


Extra happy to wipe it on your brother
Robbing in your bar
And you're looking at your neighbor
Pining nuggets
Loving sauce
Just like the saber in the paper
He's pulling
He's tugging
He's yanking on the snake
It's a long stride
His feet still connected to the brain
Pick a booger
Lick a booger
Pick a booger
Pick a booger
Everybody's doing it
Picking it and chewing it
Sing it
He's rolling
He's checking in for hair
He's picking his feet away
Still looking at the paper
He's taking on his anger
He's making it today
Pick a booger
Booger
It's a new day today
I'm an alabaster
He's a deep inside
A sign that he's a slave
To the master of his role
He'll sign it

Kids all want a half day's
of information
Because a pick a booger booger
Is the new sensation
Pick a booger
Lick a booger
Pick a booger
Lick a booger
Lick it



Lick it
Lick it
Lick it
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.



More happy music, dear friends.
The happiest ever.
Pick a Booger by
The Swingin' Love Corpses.
Man, I love that song.
And now this.
The Dobbstown Mirror.
Again.
What have we here
on the Dobbstown Mirror
coming up next?
There's nothing
so fiery
and self satisfying
as a new hatred.
And that's why
my advice is to forgive
those who do you wrong.
When they do you wrong again,
you'll have a brand new hate, better than
the old one. Holding a grudge
runs the danger of
letting a good, honest hatred
run cold,
get ragged.
Thank you,
Dobbstown Mirror.
By the way, most of the Dobbstown Mirror
is written by Uncle Dr.
Onan Kanabite.
Although he did have a
Katahdin Lagim article in here
this time. And there's a
Dr. Philo Drummond story.
Well, there's a whole bunch
of this preaching stuff.
Anyway, friends,
uh, uh, uh,
uh, uh,
and now this.
I was watching this
new, weird, good movie
called Vivarium.
And at the end was the
spazziest song I've heard in some time.
Turns out that it was
by XTC
from like 1979.
And I'd never heard it
before because
that's how hip I wasn't.
But now I get to hear it again.
It's just a complicated game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's just a complicated game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Little girl
has been shooting
fire to hell
from the left.
Little girl
has been shooting fire to hell
from the right.
Uh, uh,
I said it really doesn't matter
what you're watching.
There's something else
that comes along with movies
and it's always been the same.
It's just a complicated game.

Yeah.
It's just a complicated game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Little boy
has been shooting
fire to hell
from the left.
A little boy
has been shooting
fire to hell
from the right.
I said it really doesn't matter
what you're watching.
There's something else
that comes along with movies
and it's always been the same.
It's just a complicated game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's just a complicated game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, uh.
They wanted Charles.
They wanted Joe.
To jump from up above
and stick him out of that shuttle.
They were only arrows
in a very fair game.
It's just a complicated game.
It's just a complicated game.
It's just a complicated game.
It's just a complicated game.
It's just a complicated game.
It's just a complicated game.
They were only arrows
in a very fair game.


in a very fair game.

They were only arrows




God, if we should have thought us well, that's why we're right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right.
I say the thing that made us what you are, it's the complicated thing, and it's how we say.
It's just the complicated thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's just the complicated thing.
Comni
Comni
Caton
C debates

Comni
C debates

Caton
Cas
Cas
Cas
Cas
Cas
Cas
Cas
Vas Aaron abuse the curse of how to menace, and align these woes.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
It's just a complicated game by XTC,
and you are listening to the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
All information is at subgenius.com.
And this month, the important information is about X-Day, 24X Day.
X-Day, the week of July 2nd through 5th.
It'll be really different this year.
Number one, it won't just be a drill this time,
because we're going to save the universe this time.
Number two, the live in-person event is happening, but it's grown to two sites.
Our usual campground in Ohio called Wisteria,
but also a new one, new to us,
a resort campground in Florida.
And number three, it will also be streamed live,
which is how it happened last year, and it was great.
So this way, Yankees and others who treasure hanging out with old friends at Wisteria
and are too far from Florida can do so just like in the old days.
And those who want to try the Florida one, sign up quick,
because only 50 can attend, and I think 25 have already signed up.
And the Florida one is a little bit more expensive.
Those who will await the saucers at home can attend just like last year, virtually.
Up to 50 people were there last time, and it was really, really fun and crazy.
The Florida event will be live streamed separately,
and Wisteria might be streamed if they improve the Wi-Fi.
Here's how you find out the details of all this stuff.
Go to subgenius.com.
Click on it.
On events, if you're interested.
And there'll be an X-Day listing.
Or if you just scroll on down the homepage of subgenius.com,
you'll come to an X-Day link.
Basically, they go to hypercubego.com slash X-Day 2021.
And it'll tell you about the other one.
It'll tell you about the Wisteria one.
I'm going to go to the Florida one only.
And there'll be a...
A whole bunch of wild bands, some of which we've heard, some of which we haven't,
including TTN, Rubik's Cube, Sub-G Kids, and Peas.
Anyway, friends, so check it out.
There's also an X-Day Facebook page, and there's links to that on there.
Nobody has stepped up to organize the Wisteria gathering,
because this is the first time we've mentioned it.
But I'm not going to be there to set everything up.
And, yeah.
Yep, friends, subgenius.com, and you will then know everything.
Praise Bob.
And here's one reason why you should praise Bob.
This is a little document.
It's kind of a flyer from Reverend Zeno Fact and the Church of the Unanswered Question.
It's got some...
Nice clip art on it that wasn't swiped from us.
And it's basically the conspiracy versus Bob.
The conspiracy wants you to hate yourself.
Whereas Bob wants you to hate the conspiracy.
The conspiracy wants to take your money.
Bob just wants you to give him your money.
Totally different.
The conspiracy wants to take your slack.
Bob wants you to have slack.
The conspiracy wants you to hate sex.
Whereas Bob wants to have sex with you.
The conspiracy tells you what to think.
And Bob wants you to think for yourself.
The conspiracy believes in nothing, but Bob believes in everything.
The conspiracy wants you to trust no one.
Bob just wants you to trust him.
The conspiracy controls your time.
Bob teaches you to control time.
I keep wanting to say that differently.
Bob teaches you time control.
The conspiracy controls your time.
The conspiracy will kill you.
Bob will be killed by you.
If you're being a good subgenius.
And, um, friends, what are you people waiting for?
Did you know that for long, you can't control time?

Less than 10 cents a day for a year.
That's less than one thin dime every day for one year.
You too can have eternal salvation or triple your money back.
Nothing else to buy.
No need for periodic renewals.
You are saved forever.
Yes, for a one-time donation of a measly...
Bob?
Could change any minute.
At subgenius.com, you will be saved.
Even better.
There's no need to repent any sins or transgressions.
As a member of the Church of the Subgenius,
you'll be issued your very own official, divine, all-inclusive excuse.
And, friends, it's a big document.
Fancy-looking.
I mean, it's poster-sized.
So why wait?
Hurry to subgenius.com and save yourself today.
I think that ad copy may have come from Reverend Zena Fact also.
So, praise Bob.
And let there be slack.
And thank you, Empire Jazz Orchestra in the background.
And all the viewers, you've been listening to the

And don't forget to subscribe to the channel.
And I'll see you next time.
Bye-bye.
.








.
.
.
.
.






