The rest of the day, I saw a lot of people get a phone.
Reverend Howe, Gigbo, let's hear about that radio show.
Amazing, isn't it? Listen.
I'm wondering about that voice we heard on the radio.
I think, hmm, the color of these hot butter rum martinis.
I'd like to talk about...
And here's the only person listening to the show tonight.
Yeah, I'm coming.
Okay, good.
Look at this surface seething and bubbling.
There's enormous bubbles popping.
See, the rest of our listeners are machines like this one.
Look up at the top.
They've made so much money in their regular day jobs
that they were able to fend off these legal problems for years.
Rely on your intelligence and on your memory.
And think about the case as it was.
To help you say the underlying word correctly.
But how many of you are really genuine?
And the intelligent?
So there.
Bang.
Put a dual display on.
Uh, uh, over to you, uh, uh, puzzling.
Hey.
Kill me.
Huh?
Kill me.
Kill me.
Kill me!
Okay, why not?
Good luck.
Yeah!
Oh, uh, no, in fact, I'm not ready at all.
Uh, uh, uh, I am, uh, and I, uh, I, uh, oh, goodness me, uh, I have no idea how I, uh,
I came by this number.
I've, I'm at present having the numbers, um, uh, Dr. Howe.
I mean, uh, I don't sound like him at all.
I know.
I'm presently having phone numbers dialed at random.
Bye.
I'm a scumbag person who I'm allowing to, uh, use my phone at the present time, and
he is, uh, taking over everything and dialing up people and appears to be dialing up doctors
of the air for some strange reason.
I guess him being a phone person, he can do that.
Um, it's too bad I couldn't talk to you under letter context because I am, in fact, a great
fan of the subgenius church, and, um, but my friend, when I mentioned that, began dialing
these numbers and putting me on the phone and then running away, and I am extremely annoyed
by all this.
However, he is no friend of mine, and I hope sincerely you will do your best to erase your
memory of all this and can merely continue to make the shows as bad as you can and abuse
the callers and listen for Guy the caller because he will be waiting to be abused more
than the rest.
Woo!
Woo!
There we go.
There's a universe somewhere.
Somewhere out there where there's...
A show?
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius hour of...
What?
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Infinite number of puzzling evidences.
Infinite numbers of phylos and stirrers.
There's a huge studio here.
And a huge...
There's a huge studio here at KPFA.
Well, we have to have a huge studio and have infinite people with an infinite number of
mouths and heads.
Like shows.
All spooky.
And they never shut up.
What's the deal?
There he is.
Okay, now, phylo's gone crazy in production studio one.
Looks like they're isolating the area.
Pulling the doctors out of there.
Well, they don't have long to live here on KPFA.
I can tell you that.
It's violent.
Horror here on...
8484425.
8484425.
9374.
9374.

Hello?
From across the nation they came and they saw.
A new world begin in Northern Arkansas.
They grow with storms and heralds of night.
To their new awakening and dark, dark inside.
They share a deep, deep love.
And they...
Another opportunity.
A new world began.
One they give to the masses.
Another day off and to another day off.
Still we're out to start this protocol.
We wanna see those fucking suits scrap business.


Then what did these national confirmation готовingcha term a bomb?
And then the ideal you had are.
Aύ dragon.
When they plopped the mushrooms to commune with nature
How are we to know we'd have to move our ship later?
Five hundred colors flashed into my brain
My self-admiration occurred in three or four planes
My brain was blasted, my head feeling fixed
My eyeballs were pruning but I didn't get sick
We packed up my piss, but we kept seeing dots
Till we found that the peak had gotten all the best spots
So we got high, so high, on Dark, Dark Mountain
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dark, Dark Mountain
The people were happy, they were all having fun
While Dr. Stabob was farming skulls in the sun
The corpses were swinging, their love did abound
The average corpse floated a foot off the ground
The band that they're not was speaking his name
While his doctors on the clamshell were claiming their fame
Sparkdog explosion and combo gang fun
Finish this then, just in time for lunch
And we got high, so high, on Dark, Dark Mountain
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dark, Dark Mountain
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dark, Dark Mountain
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dark, Dark Mountain
We're gonna go back there, I'll even meet the Pope
Better make it to Dark, Dark, or just give up hope
The dead will be walking, maybe Bob will appear
The sound of chainsaws will be all that you hear
Now I'm gonna go back, and I won't be stopped
I'm gonna go back, to smoke the ultimate frown
Get a chance, I'm mad
And I'll show you what it's like to be a gold
When reality's on hold, and Dark, Dark can go
We got high, so high, on Dark, Dark Mountain
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dark, Dark Mountain
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dark, Dark Mountain
Yeah, we got high, so high, on Dark, Dark Mountain
And we'll have it in...
Ohhhhh!
Yes, dear friends.
Doctor Drummond can't tell you everything else he did
because you just don't even wanna know
The swinging love corpses
there are live somewhere from the album
Soak your Butt
Help...
Ha ha!
And, well, at last, we've been defending the Church of the Subgenius so much
so lightly, we're just gonna tear it to pieces tonight
You know, that mean it's one of those
old-fashioned doctor shows
all, you hear it be heard from all over the world
those mighty nasty characters, particularly Puzzling Evidence, Dr. Howell. The show opened,
by the way, with a nice little new edit by Puzzling Evidence. There's a lot more of that
coming up.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, okay. But you know what the problem is? I've been getting tired, tired of these tax
and spend Republicans. They're always kowtowing to the special interest groups. Really, it
kind of makes you sick. The tax the poor, spend on the rich, and the tax the poor.
And all their little special interest groups they have to have, like Westinghouse, and
GE, and Mobile Oil, and Lilly Pharmaceuticals, and McDonnell Douglas, and the War on Drugs,
and the Secret Police, and Sununu's Jet. Tax and spend, tax and spend, that's all you ever
hear from people like Rush Limbaugh. Spend, spend, spend, so the weapon companies can
defend brave democracies like Kuwait. Or else they say, no, no more taxes, only spending
cuts.
But you understand?
I wanted this job so bad. We're just going to let you decide what to cut. We're not going
to tell you. Except that you can't cut abortions for poor people. I mean, you have to cut abortions
for poor people. You've got to cut that because we need more ignorant millions roaming the
streets buying our cigarettes and liquor that our companies are subsidized to make.
Oh, yes. And on top of that, I noticed that the American people are a lot more,
uh, upset about, uh, women liberals dodging social security taxes for their nannies than
they ever got upset about the Iran-Contra cover-ups and stuff. And I sure am glad you
people have your priorities straight. And gays in the military. Oh, yeah, gays. Yeah,
well, God forbid we ever admit they've been there all along, although why they wouldn't
want to keep the exemption is, uh, beyond me. Hell, I tried to use it. They were going
to send me to Vietnam, and I told them, please!
I want to be a gay in the military! I'm a bisexual drug addict! I... uh... and the
draft guy just laughed and laughed and told me he'd heard that story five times already
that day from regular ordinary hippies like me. And see? They've got you coming and going,
dear friends. They've got you... they've got you coming and going.
Uh-oh. Looks like we have a... looks like an EPA problem out there. It looks like the
Earth is spinning out of control from the camera in here.
I'm right there. I'm right on top of you. If you look to the, uh, uh, lower than the
ceiling, you'll see my, uh, the draft guy.
Oh, there he is, yeah. Okay, most of Earth can wave to you now. About half of Earth can
wave. There they are. They're all waving and pointing their headlights up at you.
Come on, give me a clear landing signal, or I've got to get down and storm you on the
shelf.
Okay, well, uh, here... here's the beacon.
Uh, repeat that. That didn't come in. Repeat that. Didn't come in. I'll tell you. I'll tell
you. You're about to land and see before the end melts. Over.
Uh, okay, there's, uh, more beacon. Watch out for little alien pods behind your, uh,
flight suit there.
There must be interference in my KPFA on terror. All I'm getting is that it sounds
like a TV commercial from the 1950s. I need your landing signal. Over.
Uh, that's the... the beam. We use, uh, old TV. Beam back to Earth from aliens.
Well, I'm sick of it. I want to see a modern TV show with, uh, pornography, violence, and,
uh, you know, everything.
Yeah, but you don't understand. America's really changed now. It's different.
One in America in ten is on food stamps.
Assembly line jobs in the main state of the American middle class are going abroad or being replaced by machines.
All of America's changing since you've come back.
But what about the five-part national plan to contain the budget deficit by taxing the upper income bracket?
Hundreds of thousands of defense industry workers fear layoffs.
Their highly honed skills no longer applicable.
Bridges, highways, and airports are rotting.
Americans consume too much and save and invest too little.
Yeah, I know, Hal, but we have problems down here.
Well, welcome back to the tiniest little planet in the universe.
Standing by, turn on artificial gravity, and...
Oh, sorry, I had it up too high.
See what happens. I'm sorry about that.
We smushed them against the bulkhead there.
We really didn't mean to have that much power, but here we're back on Earth now.
What happened in there?
What happened in there?
Well, the gravity was on, and the ground was so hard, it's cold.
It must be just...
I love it when they do that.
Are they still in contact?
We can see the pod on the ground there, but we're not sure if they're alive.
Hey, Ted, take a look.
I'm going to pop the hat.
See if you can see me from where you're sitting.
Oh, there he goes.
Ah, just breathe.
Hey, look who we have.
And it's a triumphant moment here at 11 minutes to 5 in the morning
as Earth settles down peacefully to another dawn.
Well, in a little while.
It's a day, right?
Yeah, this is a day that lasts forever.
Dennis, you're all set to go?
So, I don't know. They better do something fast.
You take it time to...
And what happens to it's going to happen to you?
All the people I meet and talk to, all the places I go,
no one's ever walked up to me and say,
hey, you want to buy some cigarettes?
Acuérdeme, Rubén, al ratito.
De qué me don't redelfo?
De meterlo al toilet.
Walking in the sunshine, sing a little sunshine song.
Can't sit and negotiate.
Thank you.
If you don't do the wrong, you feel terrible, like you...
like you're going to die.
And I know all the reasons for it.
I know every single reason for it.
Then you have the basic honk.
And the goose honk.
I'll be giving to every adult in the service.
Where are Garland and Fletcher?
What?

I don't know just what you call it.
You're just able to pick it up in a hurry and...
Because every day becoming much more practical for my inspiration.
But I'm fascinated to know that.
Nowhere could you get that happy feeling
when you are stealing that extra ball.
Bob, what a relief.
How are you doing?
You're not working.



All day like the last night.
Is it Mark Lindulop?
Nothing.
He is not würdeo.
No Joseph Bosworth.
We position right now Tom-
Now you're a fascinating man with till you find out

when you sit down to play a movie.
Take a seat.


And this band is playing into my faculties
Too much gibtρά.
Now if you see your president entertain
Okay, you're going to hear your viewers
keep their Most, snap his face identify
He led the way, brothers.
He was a lonely pioneer in those days.
At first, a footloose, sore-footed shoe salesman.
One day he was a tinkering with a television set of his own design when he messed around
with the back and got himself a huge shock through the coil that we call the divine immaculation.
But you know, his very name rings with magic.
Half human, half sprite, he saw the future and could transform himself into any form
merely by conjuring a big image in his mind.
The great Dobbs used his mystical powers to aid the forces of righteousness, honor and
virtue of Exotype and to shape the splendid visions of his noble king, Stan.
But when the tragic end of Dobbs Town drew near, many say that the heart-sick Dobbs sought
refuge with a tiny, tiny dog.
A tiddling poodle.
She gave him comfort and sheltered him in a tree to rest safely until needed by the
show once more.
What's going on here?
Yeah, why don't we?
It's later than you think.
Aye, the terrible, spittin' vengeance of Bob's mighty staff shall scour clean this planet
and the all-pervading radioactive pestanche of his own.

It's a supernatural love.
Wake up, open your heart, drop your pants, close your mind and bend over because he'll
be kicking and taking names, dear brothers and sisters.
He'll be struggling and gasping, his face will turn blue.
Then Bob will pitch over on the floor in the grip of a massive coronary thrombosis and we
will be there to see that event and to record it for you as it was at the beginning of time.
I saw a man with a pop and a grin, hauled in the new morning light.
Grinnin'
Come on, sing along now.
Grinin' like a man with a grin, all in the new morning light.


He made me uptight
I told him don't bother me anymore
But he kept on just the same
Till I was totally brainwashed
Bob is his name
Bob is my story
Bob is my song
Bob's my amphetamine
All the day long
I won't tear my poster of Bob's down
I'll feel no sadness or shame
Till I behold him in Dobbs town
Bob is his name
He has no lack of his patented slack
For those of his following fold
He is the friend of whoever will send
Greenbacks or gold
He's growing stronger and stronger
He'll get all the credit and blame
I'll be a big boy no longer
Bob is his name
Yes, it is a sad affair
Bob's bigger than yours
Bob's bigger than yours
Bob's bigger than yours
Isn't going to be relatively free
I will원이
This isn't going anywhere










My memory



I was destined for old life
At this micili thonk
That's why I called Bob some good name
Bob and his friends kiss this youtube tenir it's lucidpptman ThomasLaughing thus I'd have 140 Ч retailer had Discussed that, we'llacak he was talking about Bob we were walking about in this movie with me outside the room as well so that's a hint I would notice
entertain them and provide content for their shows.
And they think it's free.
They think the electric environment is free.
Now, I make the point it is free,
but you've got to deal with the old industrial heritage,
the visual environment of money.
So I don't want to have idiots calling me up
and want to talk to me who don't even read the liner notes,
don't read my book.
They have no interest in my knowledge.
They just sort of are interested in the subgenius connection,
the staying connection.
And I'm more interested in talking about what I'm about
and what my Tetrad management is
and what I'm trying to explain to people.
And so if you're really interested, pay for it.
How do the people of Saturn feel about you being the head of the solar system?
Under popular government, the figures for a certain ground.
So when the ground is the solar secret government, 1945,
the front being the United Nations,
the popular government front is national government all over the world,
any national government.
This is the counterfeit Bob.
This is the counterfeit Bob in Canada, Bob Dean,
who said...
He says he's Bob.
He says that we based everything on him.
Don't say we never gave him a chance to speak.
With the solar stage at the front.
This important message.
In 1977, you have mass man as the secret government.
It's the ground.
And the figures for that are the solar popular government
and the universe as stage.
So by 77, Saturn is absorbed in the solar figure
because you have universe stage.
And then the fourth level, second coming, which is today,
but this was put together in 1870,
so today is every any point since 85.
You have the popular government is universal
and that includes the extraterrestrial contact.
And the front is the mythic stage.
The mythic stage is the hidden thing for the universal government.
So the universal government is absorbed by now.
After all, we are depending from J.R. Bob Dobbs divine immaculation.
All information was revealed.
The Dobbs in this blinding flash of knowledge,
which occurred as every true subgenius and every schoolboy knows
when he was working back in the 50s on an experimental television set of his own design.
It was 100% redundant.
He was messing around with the back of a TV set and it was suddenly immaculate.
Amplifier and multiplex the oral.
Don't give it away.
Don't tell him.
Let him figure it out for themselves.
Bob arrived at the mountaintop location.
He found the transmitter to be operating properly.
Normally, we would return a soldier to his stand.
Oh, you're giving away church secrets.
This is not a thing.
Don't listen to him.
He's giving away church secrets.
Don't listen.
Don't listen.
Oh.
Does Alice figure any of this?
Alice?
Alice?
I don't know Alice.
The power of the visual transmitter associated with 22k VDC.
You're fading out.
You can't triangulate on your signal.
Speak into the rectifier.
I believe my danger existed.
Tell us who did it.

Unfortunately, the visual and aural power supplies are identical in appearance.
Any mistake...
I don't know how long this static storm is going to continue.
...high voltage contactor is stuck in the opposition.
I'm out of contact.
He's out of control.
...high voltage.
He's got a mind of his own.
Bob was turned by...
...not being...
...on the...
...contact.
...contact.
...contact.
...contact.
...contact.
...contact.

...contact.



...contact.
...contact.
He swaped visual outputs from RadarACS.

sogenanbie were know 2009,




dub
rib benefits that

Cause I know I won't see you anymore
Don't pull your love out on me, baby
If you do, then I think that maybe
I'll just lay me down and cry for a hundred years
Don't pull your love out on me, honey
Take my heart, my soul, my money
But don't leave me here drowning in my tears
Heaven, I'll be good to you
Without that brand new ring
Doesn't have to be love to you
Doesn't have to be anything
If I throw away my pride
And I got down on my knees
I wish you back, in fact, you were to bleed
There's so much I wanna do
I've got love enough for two
But I'll never choose a girl if I don't have you
Oh, no you don't
Oh, no you don't, Rudy
Rudy Schwartz Project, dear friend
Oh, no you don't, Rudy
Whooping away in the background there
Joe Newman, our beloved friend Joe Newman
Whooping that out
On his Rudy Schwartz Project album
The Rudy Schwartz Project
Don't get charred, get puffy
And, uh
I'm gonna switch that off
Yeah
Tell you what's been going on
Uh, since the last time I talked
I ran an edit of just some, well, radio shorts
You might call them radio shorts
By Radio Shorts, or Brain Rock West
Our new friends out there in San Francisco
Cutting some wild radio stuff
And then some more KPFA
Dr. Howl, howling away in the airwaves
From the edits by Phineas Narco
If you ever, uh, encounter
You'll notice that one in your, uh, subgenius catalog
Uh, reference to that type
A little slip there of Bob Dean
The counterfeit Bob, the thief
In, uh, Toronto
Who's decided that he really invented
The church of the subgenius
And, uh, whoa, whoa
Uh, just, uh, whatever you do
Don't purchase Bob's media ecology
And, uh, don't, don't purchase it
Thinking you're getting any kind of real subgenius
It is, uh, you know, it's just
A pretty sickening situation there
But, um, and what we're hearing in the background right now
And what I think I'm gonna let carry us over to, uh
Side two of show
So I can get to the basic Bobby Hayton rant here
This is Joe Newman in the background
On Zug's Riffs album
Actually, it's the Zug's band
Uh, on a new Zug's Riffs album
Which we'll be playing a lot of
It's called Villagers
This is an instrumental song called Villagers
Yes, the title song
I'm gonna shut up and just
Let them go
I'm gonna shut up and just watch


Keep you lookoutin'
Ain't a vacun'
A mask on the road
Checkin' back to the Nothing but tegen'
And now I'm goin' in
Ain't that damn show
I'm a beegin'
With only a chance of success
And I'm winnin' the game
I am quite proud to be a fan of que탁
I've got a fire extinguisher!
...with someone in the studio wondering why the transmitter was off the air.
Paramedics arrived by helicopter only twenty-five minutes later.
So they're basically those that get into the vehicle.
Yes, and all the bibble babble we like to burble at the center of the universe.
So shines a good deal in a movie world.
He don't ever change.
He's Bob.
He always stays the same.
He's got the lightning and the thunder.
And he's got the neutron bomb.
Bob is your sister and your brother.
Bob's your dad and mom.
Bob.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always will be Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
It's obvious, of course, the world in general is an idiot's delight.
A contrived mediocrity designed to keep morons occupied.
Just look at the notorious conspiracy media.
Just look at the notorious conspiracy media.

Not the decoy reputable media.
That's just a distraction.
Window dressing to make things look good.
I mean the stuff people really read and really believe whether they admit it or not.
Look at the tabloids.
The true crime magazines.
The TV murder shows.
The two-inch thick metallic embossed covered hack sci-fi novels and romances.
Lame movie thrillers.
Manufactured music.
Music personalities.
It's bread and circuses with politicians as the clowns.
Except the more fun you want to have, the more you have to pay.
Don't act like you haven't thought about how bad all that stuff sucks.
You talk about it all the time.
The question is, what are you going to do about it?
They, the conspiracy, want you to buy all their crap, work hard all day at a mindless slave task,
to make, to pay for more machines to play their indoctrination programs on.
To fill your home with pseudo collectibles in a limited number edition of a godzillion.
You know all that.
We've told you and told you all that.
And if you don't believe it by now, there's no hope for you at all.
And you might as well climb back over the fence and roll in the mud with the rest of the slavish porkers.
Right?
So you say to yourself, okay.
I know what the conspiracy is.
I know what the conspiracy wants from me.
I know how they work and what they do.
And I'm not buying it.
By gabbs, I'm not going to do what they tell me.
I'm throwing away my TV, smashing my porcelain thimble collection, frisbeeing my CDs off lover's leap,
and joining the radical anti-government party to learn how to make bombs.
I'm shaving my head and burning my house down.
And the more they tell me not to, the more I'll laugh in their faces and echo the noble sentiments of whoever it was that said,
free at last, free at last, thank blob almighty, I'm free at last.
Right?
Sucker.
You think they didn't plan for that?
You think they'll be surprised, huddling around their long mahogany table,
appalled that one tenth of one percent of the population has quote, caught on, unquote,
and won't go up the slaughterhouse ramp like good little lambies?
Well, hardy har har.
Listen, they know they can't dupe everyone with the same bird brain programming system.
They know there are going to be a few who are just sharp enough to shake themselves awake
and look around to see the green pastures and still waters they were lying down by
are actually a clanking conveyor belt carrying them relentlessly toward the whirling blaze.
They had that worked out a long time ago.
They love it when the world is a mess.
The ones who see the horror of the conspiracy system go public with their ghastly revelations
or join radical anarchist communes or otherwise render themselves entirely unbelievable.
Who do you think invented hippies, punk rock, anarchism, youth gangs, graffiti art, rock and roll,
hallucinogenic drugs, the new age movement, Christianity, cult films, alternative what have you?
Sure, it was some lone radical disillusioned soul at first, for about six months.
But by the time we heard about it, it was already a prepackaged official conspiracy product.
Oh, but the Church of the Subgenius is different, right?
It's neither a conspiracy mediocrity brainwashing program nor a dead-end escapee trap.
Bob isn't just a cheap product or just a mind-numbing neurotic whip
or a gaily painted prison cell of one sort or another to confine drooling vidiots or raving reactionaries.
Right? Right? Right? Right?
Huh! Wrong again.
Look, why don't you just give up trying to think it all, little Miz and Mr. Einstein Jr. and pay attention.
The con has got all the bases gone.
It's all covered. It owns the ball and the ballpark.
Everything you can or will think or decide, it has already got classified by numerical designation on big spinning spools of half-inch magnetic tape.
You sitting here listening to this right now, thinking what you're thinking, wearing those clothes in that environment,
tasting that particular taste in your mouth,
and hearing that particular tinny whine in your ear, the one you don't always notice but which is always there,
they got a number for it.
Believe me, they got it all.
Figured, dissected, classified, and stuck in little boxes.
So what do I do, you may ask?
You can't win. You can't outsmart them.
You can't think or do anything that they haven't already decided you'll probably think or do.
You can't find a chink in their armor.
Not even Bob!
Because he is just another part of it all.
So it's time to pack it in.
Just give up and shoot yourself in the head like you've been threatening to do just to get attention and sympathy.
But this time you really will do it.
And that too is just what they want you to do.
There really is no way out.
All that smash the conspiracy stuff is fun and amusing.
But putting your head under the machine's enormous clattering treads isn't going to slow it one tiny bit.
It's utterly, utterly hopeless.
Just stop fighting it.
Give up.
You're only making things harder for everyone.
All that kicking and screaming is only disturbing the peaceful slumbers of the rest of us.
Oh, I'm not saying you should simply get in line and walk under the hammer.
But if you can't do anything else, you might as well try to see something positive about it.
Sure, the conspiracy program is cruel and demeaning.
The cage is cramped and ugly and smells bad.
But you can't get out.
And if you did get out, you'd just want right back in again because the thing that is making the situation intolerable isn't in the situation.
It's in your head.
The scariest part of the conspiracy's lulling lies is that they're all true.
Oh, not the ones about the products and how bad you need them.
I mean the ones about how life can be beautiful.
It's easier to go with the flow.
Things are better than they've ever been.
They know how true those are.
So they do anything they can to make those true truths look stupid.
Stupid and childish.
They make Don't Worry, Be Happy into an insulting song.
Ugly t-shirts, plastic hats, moronic coffee mugs.
So when somebody says it to you, it makes you want to smash them in the face.
But you can't.
So you go buy a three dollar shot of bar of gin instead.
And worry miserably.
Oh, they make you want to kill Have a Nice Day.
And then sell you the t-shirt with a shot and bleeding lines.
With a smiley face on it.
They'll make you hate, love, and love hate.
And mock sincerity and honesty.
And sneer at genuine emotion.
Then they sell you a two hundred dollar leather jacket.
So you can prove you aren't a conspiracy zombie.
Like all those poor schmucks who don't have skulls on their t-shirts.
Or if you can't identify with either extreme of the haircut spectrum.
If they can't get you any other way.
If you're just a little bit of a wimp.
If you're just a little too smart to be dumb.
And a little too dumb to be smart.
And you're just about to fall through the cracks.
Along comes Bob.
And then you read all about those real weirdos who, even if they do wear uniforms and spout mottos,
wear intentionally self-mocking uniforms and spout irrelevant, confusing, and meaningless mottos.
Ma'am.
At last, you can think to yourself.
Or tell your uncomprehending friend.
At last, there's a tiny spot in this big cold world where I can feel at home.
At last, I've found a philosophy that agrees to a certain degree with the one I never really knew I had.
At last, I can just be honest with myself and be who I really am publicly and unafraid.
So you send lots of people to the bathroom.

And you give lots of money to Bob.
And buy t-shirts and buttons and tapes.
And put on a devival.
Have a radio show.
Get a boy or girlfriend at last.
Have the time of your life.
And never feel it when the hammer finally does come down on your head.
Way to go.
Top trouvé.
Topprés.
Top través.
Top través.
Top través.
Top través.
Top través.
Top través.
Top través.
Top través.








Top través.
Top través, topázão, topaza, topá, tovo, to,pol en, I te trao, tomofé, alcool,
alright, todo.
Emped�er o soho e trupado.
Topareth takiej chairאניú.
E diatoleg values遠 FairyL functions e Freitas.
Banning from the English, or in another language, the the term doc, Doc Approves
Banning of the Linking of the word approved with the word doc, Doc Approves
N sculptures
Doc Approves
God's approval is no longer needed.
Approved by God, the 17th century.
Approval is not no longer needed.
The 17th century is whatever.
Approved by God, the 17th century.
The sea's turning and seawater is never going to be a good place to find God.
God's approval is no longer needed.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.





Church of the new faith.
That's our first song we have ever heard from church in the
New Faith.
Oh, Susie.
Let's take the time to talk a little bit about Connie.
Let's do, Susie.
Connie Dobbs is kind of a new personage to the church.
She is Bob Dobbs' first and primary wife.
And since I found Connie, things are so different for me now.
I mean, Connie is the most uber of uber women.
She is truly the higher price spread.
You know, Connie doesn't need sex.
Sex needs Connie.
But it took Connie to let me know that I had slack.
One day, I found Connie in my underwear drawer,
right under one of my black bustiers in the midst of star dust and cheap cologne.
And she said,
Flooz, Flooz, you need slack bad.
And she taught me how to take my slack and beat it against the wall
until the musk flowed to wring out every last precious drop of blessed slack.
And, uh, things like which marital aids are truly top rack dishwasher safe.
And, uh, the honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
I was sold, and so was my soul.
I gladly signed Connie's contract in my own blood, and I've never looked back.
The benefits were immediate.
I went on Connie's special slim-fast ice cream fish stick diet, dropped 35 pounds.
And when my replacement driver's license came up,
I was like, oh, my God.
I'm so sorry.













But it's stamped under 21 on it and big red letters.
And I'm 36.
So if that isn't proof of an effective religious spiritual leader,
I don't know what is.
But, yeah, to get a perception of Connie,
I guess it would be hard for the XY people,
the ones with the unfortunately mutated chromosome,
being an XX myself.
Or, actually, I'm more closer to XXX.
I think I'll let a girl group called the Sterills from California say it for me.
I love the rag.
Get me a Kotex.
How about a pamperin'?
I hate men.
, I'm on the rag.
I'm on the rag.
I'm on the rag.
I'm swollen like a pig.
Get me a pamperin'.
My boobs hurt.
I'm on the rag.
My boobs hurt.
I'm on the rag.
Get me a Ko-Tex.
I'm on the rag.
I hate you.
I hate me.
I'm on the rag.
I'm on the rag.
I'm on the rag.
Get me a Ko-Tex.
I'm on the rag.
I hate you.
I hate me.
I'm on the rag.
I'm on the rag.
I hate men.
Don't even think of it tonight.
Of course I'd be wearing white.
I was ragged.
I was ragged.
Get me a coattail.
I was ragged.
I hate you.
I hate me.
I was ragged.
I was ragged.
I was ragged.
Get me a pepperon.
I was ragged.
I hate you.
I hate me.
I was ragged.
I was ragged.
I was ragged.
Get me a pepperon.
I was ragged.
I hate you.
I hate me.
I was ragged.
I was ragged.
Get me a coattail.
I was ragged.
I left the Multérique.
I was ragged.

I was ragged.
The look was bridges.
Oh no.
Bigly.


No.
No.
No matter what, I don't.
I just create Chagos.

And her.
And voicing.
No.
No.
She was like her other best friend.
While I didn't know much about彭רос
I was very afraid.
And then I needed me to change the course.
And that's what got into me.
I'm in a way.
for uh we'd come up from the San Diego
comic convention to hang out
and on Hollywood freeway
coming into town
a station that was kind of a pirate
station uh 91X
out of Baja California
Mexico played
that and somehow I
learned the words real fast
I was driving the rental car and my head sticking out the window
and intoning those sacred
words but I'm sure
Connie feels the same way
and looking around
the vast
amount of media
influences that we have here in the church
you can find all sorts of evidence
of Connie
one of my favorite
Connie incarnations is
Taurus Satana and Faster Pussycat
Kill Kill the Immortal
Mortal
I'm wearing a Freudian slip too
the Immortal Russ Meyer
movie from 1966
and
the Boss Tweeds
did the theme song
you may uh the cramps
not the uh
not the cramps that the
Stirls have but
the group the cramps you may remember uh
they did a cover of it
so let's hear the theme from Faster Pussycat
Kill Kill by the Boss
Say bow-tow
Say down-tow
oh
Oh Tuesday, oh what a day
Hey yo!
Niro!
ahhhhhhhhh
I just had to let it go
Little nation of Serbia
belt
wear hats
and for several weeks
There after there was a long
period of time when it
It seemed, although it was not so, it seemed as though...
Customs became a friend of these particular people.
If it was harmful, I'd be the first one to admit it and tell you that,
but I don't see anything wrong.
...
0034, that it would not work and would not...
This stuff can't be true.
Well, it's going to be hard because a lot of these programs have been saved
or have been modified.
...
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always will be Bob.
Bob had a woman named Connie.
She was the best he found.
You'd think when she'd stand in the doorway,
the sun was on the ground.
He's Bob.
Bob don't ever change.
He's Bob.
Always will be Bob.
This has been a test.
If Bob had actually died,
you would have heard this sound.
Bob is dead.
Bob is dead.
Bob is dead.
If Bob dies,
we will alert you.
If Bob has been shot,
we will alert you.

we will alert you.
Bob is dead.
If Bob has been shot,

Bob is dead.



That guy scared me.
I'd like to put out a request for the caller that thinks that
Philo is the greatest showperson that's ever been on the show.
Well, perhaps that caller is attending the contact list.
Let's find out here.
I don't want to talk to that guy.
I think he moved.
Hello, you're on the air.
Yes, I've been looking, looking, looking for Simon.
Well, what about...
Dr. Philodrumon, do you have a question for him?
Oh, no, I didn't.
All right, ditch this loser.
There's a band hanging from the side of their face.
Well, so much for the callers at 848-4425.
Now one wildly insulted person is jumping up and down in front of the station with a shotgun,
ready to off the famous subgenius radio personality.
They'll never get me.
You'll never get me.
You'll have to try the show out of your cold pink hands.
See Sinbad have his prostate examined.
See men poke sticks at monsters.
See them battle the million skeletons.
All old, all dead before.
And don't miss appalling co-hit, The Big Monster.
Nothing could stop it except dynamite.
And with our new virtual unreality imaging system, you too can have sex with Bart Simpson.
Play some Hyperfleet's records. I want to hear Jane or Hyperfleet's.
I want to hear the world of fail. I want to hear them.
I'm looking for me.
I love you.
I want to eat dick.
I want to eat dick.
I want to eat dick.
I want to eat dick.
I was talking to John Holmes the other day, and I said, is that your penis or a post-old
digger?
But seriously, no.
You know when they...
That was dedicated to Doug Smith on his show.
Poor Willa Dobbs got nailed for saying that very thing.
Yeah, you know, I was talking...
Well, I don't know how to top that except by saying you're listening to radio station
KNON 89.3, Dallas-Fort Worth, the voice of the people.
And it's time for Celtic Crossroads.
We've got a couple of announcements to do, or one or two.
Well, I've already done the legalized...
Let's do the community news, and we'll be back.
