A beginning is a very delicate time.
Strange things began to take place.
Flying saucers seen over Washington, D.C.
I understand, Colonel, you've been on tap, tap, tap.
The Earth people who can think are so frightened by those who cannot.
It's been absolutely impossible to work through these Earth creatures.
Their soul is too controlled.
Kill him!
I'm the Jet.
The subgenius.
Power of the Sun.
You ain't gonna find him in there.
And now for the first time, we are bringing to you the full story of what happened.
We are all interested in the future, for that is where you and I are going to spend the rest of our lives.
And remember, my friends,
future events such as these will affect you in the future.
You are interested in the unknown, the mysterious, the unexplainable.
That is why you are here.
It was a light coming down from the sky.
I don't know who or why.
We've been around for, well, we've been public since 1980.
That was when we printed our first pamphlet.
And then the book of the subgenius came out in 1983.
Now, all through the 80s, it was really just kind of a club of nerdy, over-white boys.
As you might well imagine.
It looked kind of like a GWAR concert.
But we lied and presented it as a sex cult, like the Raelians that you may have heard of.
Oh yeah, right, right, Rael.
And then they wanted to clone themselves.
Well, you know, it's like a building.
They build it and they will come.
And sure enough, it turns out there are a lot of lonely mutants out there
looking for a mutant of the opposite or otherwise desired sex or species.
And we started having these yearly events, which we call X-Day drills.
Did you know the world ends July 5th?
No, I did not know that.
Yeah, Bob predicted a long time ago that the world ends on July 5th, 1998.
1998 at 7 a.m.
98.
Yeah.
Now, obviously, the conspiracy of the normal people has been fooling with calendars for who knows how long.
Well, this is true, yeah.
Just to embarrass Bob.
And it's obviously really not 1998 yet.
Well, then there was the Romans that screwed it up, too.
You know what I mean?
You always blame the Romans.
Yeah, it's a real mess.
We don't really know what year this is or what planet this is, even.
But we get together at different campgrounds.
And we have these in-house meetings.
And we have these end-of-the-world drills.
Cool.
Every July 5th, we do what you would do if you thought the world was about to end.
What does one do on a drill?
I mean, where the world ends?
I mean, just kind of run around screaming?
It's up to you.
I mean, things you wouldn't do on a normal day at work.
Well, I can think of a lot of things I wouldn't do on a normal day at work.
You know, like eat three helpings of ice cream instead of just one.
Really wild stuff like that.
People turning south from the freeway were startled when they saw three flies flying by.
Flying saucers high over Hollywood Boulevard.
With your ancient juvenile minds, you have developed explosives too fast for your minds to conceive what you are doing.
Then they attacked a town.
A small town, I'll admit.
But nevertheless, a town of people.
People who died.
Must be those strangers that come every night.
Those saucer-shaped lights put people uptight.
Leave blue-green footprints that glow in the dark.
I hope they get home alright.
Aside from the church declaring war on God and trying to change all human nature,
which is also what every peacenik wants, I guess, is to change human nature and make us so we're not chimpanzees or even primates anymore.
Good luck on that.
But actually, Bob promises the end.
The end of warfare for all who have become ordained subgenius ministers.
On X-Day, July 5th, 1998, if the real 1998 ever gets here.
That's how big the conspiracy is.
That's how insidious it is.
You think this is, what, July 29th, 2008.
If that's what it's supposed to be.
But we don't really know what year this is.
We don't even know what planet this is.
If I could tell you that Earth was switched with Mars,
and World War II was nothing but a diversion to hide that slight of planet trick,
and you would laugh, some of you, if it were that funny.
But it's true.
That's the horrible thing about it.
And if you don't believe me, the evidence is in our new book, The Bobliographon.
I'm sure the evidence is also in the Bible.
As far as I can tell, the evidence for...
anything is in the Bible.
And our books are the same way.
They're vague.
They're full of generalizations and terrible, wrathful things.
Suddenly turn into peacenik, nice things.
And there's a lot of sex and killing.
So, you know, and what we have that the Bible doesn't...
pictures.
That's a selling point.
Our books have pictures.
You see, as Onan said, once again, see, he's my script writer,
God forgot to make stupidity painful.
We're here to change that.
And I have a condition known as everything hurts really bad all the time-thritis.
The last time I said that at one of these,
a guy came up and gave me three Vicodin.
Is that guy here?
Yeah.
Anyway, we have...
Where is he?
One guy...
...bombed out, lady trouble, huh?
Yeah, my ex was a pain in the ass, too.
What did you say?
You said my ex was a pain in the ass, too.
Your ex?
Yeah.
Your ex?
Yeah.
Your ex?
That's it!
Ex Day!
Ex Day!
Ex Day!
Thank you!
Ex Day!
Ex Day!
Ex Day!
Ex Day!
Hey!
Ah!
Ex Day...
A day to rid yourself of that extra baggage.
And to once again soar like a falcon to new horizons of freedom.
Abandon your intimate side and demolish your relationships with Ex Day cards.
Ex Day.
Well, that's it.
That's the new greeting card line.
Great new greeting card line.
This 1830th hour of slack is a good rerun from
2008, number 1150.
And everything about Ex Day still applies in 2001 except that the main party is being held in Land O'Lakes, Florida,
at the nudist resort of Reverend Exanthea Octo-Shroom and her dad.
But most of the subgeniuses probably won't be nude.
Most of our skins are generally unkissed by the sun's rays and would like to stay that way.
All information about how and when and where and how much can be found at subgenius.com under
events, Ex Day, etc, etc, etc.
Dr. Hal and I will be there and a whole bunch of much younger subgeniuses including our ringleaders,
Argus Fox and Reverend Pease.
Don't put off reserving a spot because the limit is 100 persons.
And...
And now I have something sad.
Another great old subgenius has boarded the saucers ahead of us.
Reverend Rock Roswell, human name Charles Mark B.
of Champaign, Illinois and radio station WEFT.
At age 60, after terrible struggles with health and insurance,
has gone to meet Bob and the sex goddesses
and Reverend Heathen and Dr. Dark and Dr. Legume and Reverend Anitrocity
and Chaz Smith and...
Oh God, the list is too long.
Reverend Roswell used to sponsor Hour of Slack on WEFT
and had his own show, Mental Vortex.
He was a super nice guy and very generous.
He jammed with us at a couple of Ex Days and he gave me
my two best professional subgeniuses.
He was a junior scientist, for real, specializing in microscopy.
If that's how it's pronounced.
It's just not fair and he will be missed.
Hour of Slack salutes Mark B.
And we'll see you on Ex Day.
described wisdoms
well
is
now
.
Since.
The change is gonna come
Here it comes
Every new beginning's a delicate time
But just like when the end comes
It's never very pretty
And every in-between time
Looks like a perfect picture
It seems to last forever
Because it's standing still
But oh, baby
The change is gonna come
Not just maybe
The change is gonna come
The change is gonna come

Ozone layer starts to disappear
The change is gonna come
Spaceman makes it with an alien girl
The change is gonna come
Scientists prove we were never here
The change is gonna come
The change is gonna come
Here it comes
The change is gonna come
Every new beginning's a delicate time
But just like when the end comes
It's never very pretty
And every in-between time
Looks like a perfect picture
It seems to last forever
Because it's standing still
But oh, mama
The change is gonna come
Psycho
Mama
The change is gonna come
Not every Hulu's ever gone
After what happened
To the next generation
And the next, and next






One less story to build
The last ten years lemme wyne psic
I just don't understand.
Does that make any sense to me?
A change is gonna come.
By the Attery Squash.
They're with Reverend Diva Schimata.
Praise Diva. Praise Devo.
And there's lots more of the Attery Squash at myspace.com slash the Attery Squash.
One more. Attery is A-T-T-E-R-Y.
Before that, yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, sermonizing at Winterstar of 2008.
See residentcomet.com for more on that and Starwood coming later this summer.
And see subgenius.com.
If you want to know about X-Day.
We also heard more on X-Day Moronicism.
On Rick Barber's show on KOA Denver from last year.
Praise Rick and praise Lemur, the collagi-graphiar.
How do you say that? Collagiographiest.
Anyway, friends, this is Hour of Slack number 1000.
150 devoted to the world of X-Day.
A world from which all normality has vanished.
The disappearance of humans may seem like science fiction.
But eventually there will come a day like this.
A day when people no longer walk the Earth.
It's no great stretch to imagine humans.
Disappearing from the face of the Earth.
Every generation has its tales of Armageddon or Apocalypse.
We're the first generation that could, by deliberate actions, cause its own doom.
Tentacles he says.
Tentacles from Planet X.
It's a lie, you know.
All these people do is just...
Lie to each other.
Of course it's a lie, of course it's a lie, it's lunacy.
From the look of it...
the tentacles are coming out of the beer cans.
Now you know how happy I can be.
All together now, 303-SAVE-NOMINATIVE.
85, 85, the number is 142.
Yeah, the monkeys.
They just seemed appropriate somehow.
Not exactly Yeti, but close enough for jazz.
By the way, is it true that the subgenii are descendants of Yeti?
Right.
We believe that there are only two races, the human race and the subgeniuses.
And both come in all colors and shapes and ages and several different genders.
And furry?
Well, some are.
You know, not all of us can boast that we're full-blood Yetis.
In fact, almost nobody can.
In fact, I don't know a single one.
But, you know, if you look around,
at the people you work with, you'll go,
that person there might have a little bit of Sasquatch blood.
Yeah, well, I...
A little bit of Bigfoot there.
I've seen a few.
Especially, you know, you look at some of the Russian premieres.
They have that look about them.
Right.
Yeah, the unibrow look.
Let's go back to the telephone.
In Denver is Lee.
Lee, you're on with the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Good morning.
Good morning, Rick.
Reverend Stang, it's an honor.
All hail Dobbs.
Praise Bob.
All hail Bob.
You bet.
Well, you know, some religions have the pilgrimage.
Some have jihad.
Some have the vision quest.
What would you say is the highest deed one can perform to achieve universal slack?
Well, slack is the goal of every subgenius.
The trick, though, is that slack is different to each subgenius.
Most religions will preach a specific form of slack
that's supposed to fit everyone.
And the conspiracy of the normal people, of course,
that that's the way they work.
So we'll tell you that you need slack
and that you should work your way towards it.
But since we don't know what slack is for you,
we can't be all that specific.
As far as a pilgrimage,
I would say X-Day is getting to be the yearly subgenius pilgrimage.
We hold the main X-Day drill,
and we're going to be doing it in a clothing-optional campground
in Amish country, in New York,
way out in the boonies,
where we can pretty much do anything we want.
You'll be glad to know that most people keep their clothing on.
Would this be anywhere near Jaspers Farm?
No, it's the other side of New York.
It's kind of near Erie, Pennsylvania.
I see.
And it's a pretty eerie place.
Sort of.
Sort of.
Sort of.
Sort of.
















But, yeah, Brushwood Folklore Center is where X-Day is held.
And that's got to be the – people come to that from all over the world.
We've had people come from Germany and China.
It's just amazing.
It's kind of a mutant convention.
The first day is always rather awkward
because, you know, weirdos often are kind of shy
or else they talk so much.
They drive everybody else away.
So it's a little rough the first day.
But it's going to be quite a community.
Interesting.
But, yeah, it's a real cult.
You know, I mean, when people talk about cults,
the church of the subgenius is a lot bigger than many of the ones that get so much press.
You bet.
Maybe you do believe this.
Maybe they're not lies.
They're delusions, whatever.
The fact remains the evidence here is flimsy.
It's bordering on ludicrous.
Hey, this isn't a courtroom.
It's not.
You're not arguing a case.
You're doing nothing but damage talking the way you are.
And you can throw as much cow's blood around the loading dock as you want to.
You still haven't fooled anyone.
Leave it alone, David.
You can't convince some people there's a fire even when their hair is burning.
Denial is a powerful thing.
Well, keep talking.
I'll have no part of it, nor would any thinking person.
Keep thinking, Mr. Lawyer.
There's no defense against the will of God.
There's no court of appeals in hell.
There's no defense here either.
Not even with all the fertilizer in the world.
Not even if you stack it as high as you can.
It's still just bags of
Bobs.
Isn't it?
Those of you who want to discuss this thing rationally to find a means of rescue are welcome
to join me.
Those who want to stack dog food, knock yourselves out.
And anyone who believes in George Washington is not a boss.
Don't take it personally if there are no colleagues.
No matter what happens on the show.
Don't take it personally.
Right.
Like, I bought the thing where, you know, dude, trailer.
Thank you.
Don't confuse the listener with an active human.
But we can be merciful.
By asking them to do more than one thing during a plug.
And that is listen to the Puzzling Evidence Show.
And download the podcast.
Be careful that Puzzling Evidence and your show have the support it needs.
Now, which were the real callers and who were the fake callers?

I am in the same room with Puzzling Evidence.
These shows are the same room with Puzzling Evidence.



These shows are actually lovingly collected and downloaded and podcasted.

See, that's what I'm afraid of.
If your show is an hour long.
I have to live with that every X Day, Puzz.
I've been shot at X Day.
Luckily, it was by my good friend, Dr. Leguim, and it had blanks in it.
But vary your delivery and your words.
That time, can't get.
Even the great X Day has a copy of the original.
And conversational.
Can I have the deity shot?
I'm going to have the deity shot.
I'm going to have the deity shot.



I'm going to have the deity shot.
I'm going to have the deity shot.



I'm going to have the deity shot.
Reintroduce your deity.
Now, remember, remember I'm deaf.
After each shooting, recognize your many different listening styles.
I can change the brain from the five satellite.
Call out through towns with central and lateral control mechanisms.
It's also about how people will believe anything.
Of course.
I mean, look at Jim Jones out in California back in the 70s.
Yeah.
I mean, look at how he was able to.
Yeah.
He was able to mesmerize 900 people into drinking the Kool-Aid.
Well, I heard about this Texas death cult that gets people to stand around waiting for
flying saucers every single year.
They think the world is going to end.
Now, they may be a Texas death cult, but they don't meet in Texas.
They actually meet in the most rural part of New York State.
Well, how do you know they don't meet in Texas?
Well, they could meet in Texas.
Yeah, as a matter of fact, they do.
Yeah.
And what they do, it's like the Bohemian Grove there.
They don't meet in Texas.
They don't wear clothes.
Yeah.
Salute Al.
We're talking, of course, about the Raelians, the fabulous visitors from the stars.
Right.
From Star Royale.
And their second goddess.
Everybody must get cloned.
Oh, yeah.
When you have too many and there's too many replicants replicating replicants and stuff,
it gets confusing.
No, they're the people who claimed they had cloned a human being.
Right.
And the press actually bought it.
For about five minutes.
Right.
And they actually got these people on the front page of various national papers.
It's like, wow, these reporters need to keep up with their bizarre cults better.
You know what I mean?
Like.
Well, nowadays, you can clone the little corporal in your basement.
Yes, sir.
Napoleon Bonaparte, one strand of hair is enough to create an entire dictator from Republican
roots.
I'm sorry.
If only.
If only we could clone people from their hair.
Huh?
Actually, the reason why the media went after that guy with the Raelians.
He provided too much information all at once.
He was out there spilling the secrets about his own faith and nobody had any reason to
buy into it because it was like.
Which is why the Church of the Subgenius is different.
Right.
We provide just enough faith for you to believe on your own what is real and what isn't.
Well, the thing with the applesauce duo, they used to tour together, not the same as staying
in.
We.
We.
We.
But they would.
They would come and appear long before they were, you know, the Raelian saviors and stuff
like that.
They like show up at high school and, you know, like Socrates bowling alley places and
stuff where people would congregate and and, you know, have this meeting.
And people were expected to field questions, but they would never answer.
Some other person who looked real serious and scared would say.
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, says and then they would say what they said.
And that's what it was like.
Like.
You see? You see? You're stupid minds. Stupid. Stupid.
There comes a time in each man's life when he can't even believe his own eyes.
Take any fire, any earthquake, any major disaster, then wonder.
Oh, every year there's some movie that rips off Bob.
Yep.
The Conspiracy uses Hollywood as a tool to distract from Bob.
One of the most gross examples was, you know, Bob predicted the end of the world July 5th, 1998.
Well, what movie was released July 4th, 1998, Independence Day?
Yes, that's all terrible.
To distract people from our little alien invasion.
And in that one, of course, the Earth men win.
With a computer program that the aliens can't...
The aliens and the subgeniuses will win, but the humans will lose.
So we know that.
Isn't that telling?
Isn't that telling us then that everybody who survived in Independence Day is actually either a subgenius or an alien?
In these, they're all mixed up.
In that movie, the subgenius was the drunken head who had been abducted by aliens that no one would believe.
And he martyred himself by flying his fighter jet up the tailpipe of the mothership.
I like these.
Give away the ending.
Yeah, well...
It's a little slim pickings for me.
I was going to go see it tomorrow.
Warning, spoilers.
Spoilers.
Spoiler like you are saying.
Movie is conspiracy propaganda.
And, of course, the conspiracy does have its giant festival on July 4th with fireworks and depressing desert storm parades, as someone once wrote.
But the next day, subgenius day, as it were, is freedom from the conspiracy of the normals.
Is independence from them.
That's our main holiday.
The fifth.
The church.
Yeah, 5th of July.
You don't have to come to Brushwood in New York.
But if you do, you'll find that the orgies of X-Day lead up to the supreme moment of the saucer landing and boarding.
Now, I've been out there on that field at 7 o'clock in the morning.
Me too.
Every July 5th since 1996 when we started drilling for the end of the world.
There have been...
There have been...

Unexplained mystery phenomena.
It's a hellish time to be up.
In the sky.
You know, for a subgenius.
For me, it's a...
It's hard to get up.
It's a few hours after I go to bed.
Especially right there.
Well, it's a reminder to me how so many of my fellow subgeniuses have to get up at that ungodly hour six days a week.
So they're back there but to work and...
That's right.
So what's the fourth look like then?
How are you preparing?
How are you preparing for the fifth?
What are you doing?
We're doing the fourth.
We do all the things that you would do if you thought it was the last day of your life.
Sweet.
Lots of sex and alcohol.
See, we don't celebrate July 4th out there at all.
We are separated from planet America.
And we're out that...
We don't even hear the distant pop of fireworks.
That's one thing to do.
We have...
We might have fireworks of our own, but that's a different matter.
And they wouldn't be let off at that particular time.
Actually, Hal.
Well, Rushwood has outlawed firework use by subgeniuses on their campground because we overdid it for so many years.
The Amish farmers were having trouble with their horses kicking down the stables because of the subgenius fireworks being so loud and violent.
You're just alerting the masses that the truth is now.
It's the fifth.
It's the fifth, damn it.
The fourth is over.
We've been trying.
We've been at it for 25 years now.
Well, no.
27 years now since the Subgenius Foundation first went public.
Trying to spread the word of slack, the truth of J.R. Bob Dobbs, and warnings about the conspiracy.
And every...
You know, if one...
One soul is saved by this broadcast tonight and this whole trip...
This whole church was...
Worth it.
If one soul is saved, that 27 years is justified.
Justified, my friend.
Call in now and Pastor Stang will relieve your woes.
Just give us a jingle.
We can't promise we'll relieve your woes, but we can change your woes.
Now is the time.
Save yourselves.
Wow, where the hell did you find those?
Oh, hell...
Mission Control, this is Mars 295, ready for departure.
Uh, Earth.
The planet Earth.
Roger, countdown is going.
T-minus 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
You...
Wow, that's awesome.
Tell continues.
But it ain't before in the next 30 seconds, fool.

No, hold on, that's nothing to do.
Bastard.
Since you yoked out.
That's OK.
Then there was some spectators that had new ideas.
Probably these were the ones that needed the great support.



Are you thinking of your Gotham that you made?
This was a fortune that you made from the monkey
This province has come to the age
That it acts, marks the spot
That it acts, marks the spot
So I'm ditching and hitching the ride
I got my seat, you got
Here's my new room, you know
To window, 10,000, 600 years
It's not too long ago
That I could knock it on heaven's door
That it acts, marks the spot
That it acts, marks the spot
That it acts, marks the spot
That it acts, marks the spot
Walk through the gate
Welcome the creature you made
Embrace your discovery
You took your pictures of clay
To made us raiders and daze
And then you threw us away
Now you scam the face
And simply count the days
Until you squeeze my bum
And blow us away
And then you'll see
How much more time
Blast the power of the west
As we die
Way, way, way
Way, way, way
If I was useless
I wouldn't know
Asked to find
You
There is a taste to feel
War,어주udes
Hair, fur she won't
Can you let's go
。
Dr. Steel did that.
And friends, a song called The Planet X Marks the Spot.
And you might want to check out Dr. Steel's cool website.
There are some amazing videos and, yes, lectures on there, along with music and toys.
And that's at drsteel.com.
Steel, S-T-E-L.
drsteel.com for an amazing experience.
And before that, we heard Dr. Howell, Puzzling Evidence, and Lloyd Mongoloid,
and yours truly, on John Hell's show on Pirate Cat Radio in San Francisco,
A Season in Hell.
And before that, Radio Synesthesia from beautiful WCSB Cleveland
with Dr. Sinister, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Governor Rocknar, and others, I think.
Before that, some Puzzling Evidence show from KPFA Berkeley.
More from that can be had at kpfa.org
or see quiveringbrain.com,
which is the website.
And now, a special thanks to Dr. Philo Drummond himself,
the co-sub-founder of the Subgenius Foundation.
And now, my description of X Day,
as delivered to the young pagans at Brushwood,
who made me forget which pagan festival I was at.
First off, something I forgot to say.
Thank you all for coming to Starwood,
and thank all of you who were our Winner's Star.
Thank you for coming to Winner's Star.
There's a reason I mixed up like this, believe me.
And it's because of you.
Because of Winner's Star and Starwood.
And Burning Star and Woodman and so forth.
Now I can't even remember.
Oh, yeah, so I was leading up to X Day.
That's our Subgenius event.
It's a couple of weeks before Starwood at the same place, out at Brushwood.
Every year, we hope that maybe this year it'll be 1998,
and this will be the year that the saucers show up.
And I hope that we'll be able to do that.
And rupture all the subdues paying subgeniuses
into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses,
where we have eternal slack and whatever we want forever,
and get to punish everybody we ever didn't like.
Which unfortunately, in most cases, I'm afraid,
is going to be our fellow subgeniuses.
So it will truly be a war in heaven at that point.
But somebody else pointed out that, regarding X Day,
that an X, after all, is just a cross that's been knocked over.
Not to be.
Now, we don't have anything to believe in.
We've got nothing against Jesus.
Jesus is just all right with me.
It's always been his fan club that gave us,
and not just his fan club, all those other guys, Buddhist fan club.
Oh, I've got less ego than anybody here.
You know, you can't get away from it.
It's fundamentalism.
We put the fun in fundamentalism.
We also put the duh in fundamentalism.
And we put the...
The hun.
The ism.
The mmm.
You name it.
We put it in the fundamentalism.
Over and over again.
Anyway, our friend Joyce Levine,
Reverend Joyce Levine, who couldn't be here,
wrote an X Day poem.
I don't think she's ever even been to X Day,
but she's been to Starwood, and so she can imagine.
It's just a smaller, much smaller Starwood,
where everybody...
Like a science fiction convention,
only they believe a different kind of science fiction.
Here's the poem.
Bare-breasted ladies run amok.
Seems they came by pickup truck.
From towns we did not know exist.
It's slack time here on Mother Earth.
All beings celebrate your birth.
She gave this to me on my birthday.
Meteors fly across the night.
Cicadas sing with all their might.
From a lounge chair take it in
with a satisfied, dazzled grin.
I just thought that was a sweet X Day poem,
especially since it starts with bare-breasted ladies.
That always gets me.
You know, I waited for somebody to say, Bob.
X Days are coming.
So, can a caller call in with a credit card number
and become ordained right here on the air?
Yes, although I...
Man, yelling your credit card and expiration date
over a public airway.
Well, we'll max it out before anyone else can.
We're ready.
No, that's okay.
No, we're fine.
We're gonna cry.
We won't even know what hit us.
I hear King of Slash Bill T. Miller in the background
singing one of his X Day songs.
We have a whole CD collection of songs about X Day.
Like 30 different songs in every style imaginable.
I wrote one.
How do we find them? How do we get them?
Subgenius.com!
Subgenius.com is the global channel.
We're here to help.
Rob at the master moral controls.
Thank heaven for that.
X Days are coming!
We don't actually sell many CDs,
and it may be because we give away
so much of the truth on the internet.
You can download the Subgenius Hour of Slack weekly show.
In fact, that's probably what you did to hear this.
Time to think about it.
Yes.
You can download the Puzzling Evidence show.
From Berklee, you can download the Suzie the Floozy show.
Bob's Slacktime Funhouse from WREK.org in Atlanta.
On Puzzling Evidence, you'll be interested to know that one X Day morn,
when the rest of us were up at Brushwood,
some subgenius in Dallas went to Dealey Plaza.
It was in the late 90s, July 5th at 7 a.m.
And there was a nude woman frolicking around
on the grassy knoll area.
Very briefly.
They even got a photograph of her.
They were just three nerds.
X Day, let's go to Dealey Plaza.
Oh my God, there's a sex goddess running around over there.
Maybe this is X Day.
Yeah.
So they followed her to the ship, I hope.
That's the kind of thing you see in Los Angeles at dawn all the time.
And in fact, the last time I was there, that's what I saw.
Several naked women stumbling around the streets.
Well, little callers, I don't know if you understand that if a bomb dropped on Berklee right now,
the top of the subgenius church would just disappear.
And finally, it would start making some money.
Okay, here's the money raining down from the sky.
This is space money.
Look how pretty it is.
Oh, sorry.
See it twinkle and sparkle?
But it's...
More, more, more!
Toxic to handle.
That's never enough.
What?
I can't hold my money?
That's never enough.
It'll burn right through.
Ow!
Not the...
The ultimate X Day nightmare.
The tribulation money rains from the sky and it's made of acid that burns through your skin.
Or a spaceship.
People are so desperate that they grab it anyway.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.





I can't hear.
I can't play.
I drink a beer and then it burns through my hair.
There you go.
Take a drop.
Give us a do.
Let's go down here to the subgenius bar.
You can call it...
Five minutes ago.
I don't see...
Oh, it's a dueling recording device.
Try this on your piano.
I just reversed that phone number, folks.
You reversed the charge?
You want to know what the number really is?
There you go.
Hey!


What's happening?
You got a problem?
Sounds like a bunch of malarkey to me.
Oh, that was a good show.
Camp Malarkey is right over there.
What are they having a malarkey show?
Is he still on the air here?
The bunch of malarkey show?
No, I...
You took over that slot.
Yeah, I've been a long time since those...
The country of Kroistan...
Conan!
What is best in life?
To crush your enemies?
Enemies?
See them driven before you?
And hear the lamentation of the women?
That is it!
At X-Day, of course, we have symbolic auctions
where we enact this ritual among ourselves,
the inner subgeniuses.
But that is an overt form of the ordinary progress of sales
which has to be made as part of the existing subgenius journey.
There are actual flesh auctions
at X-Day.
Yes.
And auctions of all kinds of bulldata,
kitsch...
Great stuff.
Yeah.
Complete Jack Chick comic collections.
By the way, did you all know that
there is a book about Jack Chick comics?
By Kurt Kursteiner.
Right.
By subgenius...
Nazi subgenius.
And Papa Joe Mama.
Yes.
They infiltrated Jack Chick's headquarters,
got to know Jack Chick himself.
They went to the war room where the comics are created.
Where is that?
In Chino, California.
And in fact, Jack Chick promised our friends
that he would get around to doing an anti-subgenius pamphlet
as soon as he finishes his huge life's work that he's still on.
He's like 90 years old.
What's the work he's working on?
Paintings illustrating the Bible.
He had a movie that they were working on,
which is essentially kinesthesis,
but it had to do with huge paintings
created by the good artist who works at Chick things,
who's a black guy.
I forget his name.
Oh, Fred Carter.
That's his name.
He's made these giant paintings of Eve in the Garden of Eden and so on.
Then they've photographed them and done kinesthesis,
and they have a movie that's ready to go.
It's going to come out, or maybe it is out,
among the devotees of Jack Chick.
Oh, it is out.
Yeah, and you can find information about this great Jack Chick book,
which, by the way...
It's called The Unofficial Jack T. Chick.
That's available from monsterwax.com, I believe.
Monsterwax, yes.
Yeah.
I think if you do just a search on the one word monsterwax,
monsterwax.com,
you would certainly immediately get there.
Like candle wax, but it's monster...
But with monsters.
Monster wax.
Well, Dr. Hal, I can't wait to bring you into X-Day this next year
on those plane flights we always get you
that hover around Philadelphia for 10 hours.
Those clean and simple flights.
Yeah, Dr. Hal writes great songs when he's stuck in airports
and hovering in planes for hours and days.
Tis so.
I've got to get them all recorded or noted or something or other.
My problem is we've got to convince Governor Rocknar
to pay your way to X-Day and Amsterdam every year.
Going back to Amsterdam?
Oh, he's already planned that.
How about you?
I can't plan that sort of thing.
It can't be an annual plan?
Milo's going.
On my epitaph.
Here lies an atheist, all dressed up and no place to go.
That's an old chestnut.
How about this one?
Remember, man, as you walk by, as you are now, so once was I.
As I am now, so shall you be.
Remember this and follow me.
And on this grave you then may be.
On the tombstone next to it it says,
to follow you I'll not consent until I know which way you went.
Woo-hoo, woo-hoo-hoo-hoo.
Those clever.
Anguisters.
So now that the writer's strike is on,
you guys do the show by just queuing up pages on the Internet
full of funny quotes?
What did you do, Google funny tombstone quotes?
Funny epitaph.
Oh, that's right, epitaph, that's the word.
Well, are you planning anything extra special for X-Day this year?
Yes, the world will be destroyed by the save.
Really?
This X-Day?
This time?
Yes.
Well, some July 5th that's going to happen, and maybe this is 1998.
I didn't know, I didn't even do that.
That's right, it has to be.
Maybe tomorrow is July 5th, 1998.
Are you ready?
That's the big question, of course.
Hey, Mr. Spaceman, won't you please take me along?
I won't do anything wrong.
Hey, Mr. Spaceman, won't you please take me along?
For a ride.
Oh, yeah.
My name is Chaz, and I'm broadcasting you tonight from my little holding cell here.
All quarantined.
All strapped in my suit.
Pressure suit's all pressured up.
Yeah.
It's here.
The ship is waiting, hissing away, spewing out its little steam.
Waiting for the moment.
The final countdown.
And that's where we're at.
Just hours away from...
The final hour.
The final minute.
The final second.
And...
X day.
Thought I'd never get here.
It's kind of late now.
We're there.
There's nothing else to do.
Just sit, look out the window.
And wait for the light.
And wait for the light.
Is your pleasure ship hovering above?
Waiting for the final hours to pass.
Is your alien sex goddess waiting for you somewhere in Eurasia Blue?
Mine is.
We'll see you.
Goodbye, Mom.
Goodbye, Dad.
I gotta go into space.
One, two.
Hey, Bliko.
Chaz and I have been planning which reruns we're going to run since there's only another week of broadcasting left on the planet.
Oh, God.
I've done 638 hours of slash.
Done to a few hours now.
We're going to start rerunning number one.
I mean, for what radio stations are left.
Right.
And what were you thinking of doing, Chaz?
Are you just going to run reruns?
Like, what's your first show after you leave?
Well, I was planning.
Or are you just going to blow it off?
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
I was under some understanding that they were going to install some black box in the studio here.
I don't know what the technology of this really is.
Like I say, I don't understand how a lot of this is going to take place.
I don't understand how a lot of this happens.
I just know that.
Yeah.
Yeah.










Don't fail because of me.
Three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve.
We all are in this together as a team effort.
We're going to make it work.
And I don't know how to make it work.
I don't know how to do most of this mission.
But I do know that I can assure you that my piece of it is going to work.
And you won't fail because of me.
Hello, world.
Hello, world.
Chaz here.
ESO Radio broadcasting live from the pleasure ships.
Oh, yeah.
Where are you going to go?
Where are you going to go?
When the sex goddesses come for you.
I'm going to go to the place that's the best.
When the land of the damned is at high.
Going up to the spirit in the sky.
Going up to the spirit in the sky.
It's better than the gold when I die.
When I die and the land of the best.
I'm going to go to the place that's the best.
And it's so beautiful from out here.
It's so pretty.
The earth.
It's just that little blue and white.
Little marble hanging there.
Gosh.
That's where it all began.
We'll see you.
Goodbye.
Prepare yourself.
You know it's a must.
You've got to have a friend in Jesus.
Friend in Bob.
So you know that when you die.
Bob will recommend you to the spirit in the sky.
Bye.
Bye.




















Bye.
Bye.










Failure is not an option.
Failure is not an option.
Failure is not an option.

I've been going further and further backwards in my career as I get better at what I do.
Well, at least you got better and were able to get as far as major market broadcast radio.
bleep oh there are those of us that i would say major disappointment might be the word used but
he is regressing enough to grow an awful lot of body hair i mean i don't know if his voice is
getting higher because of the operation or there was major disappointment and there was general
electric oh there i i thought you were going to refer to the guy's erection again and then there
was that girl bob bob just like a penguin in bondage boy no on x day negi will return to us all
the greatest tapes that we ever recorded which he has been keeping it praise the negi oh god that's
so good negi has been keeping all of our lost recordings in a special uh fault
will all be returned to us on x day oh that's so glorious
you
will get his his eight millimeter films back oh you know your first show will come back i'll
uh actually i never did lose anything will i get those videos that i erased by accident back
as long as you saw them bill things that i mean um everything i've ever seen you know that you
never got around to looking at uh-huh even if i've only seen it for a fraction of a second
were taped
you thought
that you imagined very vividly doing i'm getting will then be done
they will have been done when you want to do a wonderful new show
that show will materialize in your hand
program
escape
escaping from my
my
my
my

my


Chaz are gripping, but they're slipping, and they're dripping, but I'm dripping.
Tripping.
Tripping indeed, friends.
The late Chaz Smith, or maybe we should say the early Professor Chaz Smith,
because he ended up boarding the escape vessels early ahead of the rest of us.
He edited all that, taken from his ESO radio shows on WCSB Cleveland,
and I think most of that was from the conspiracy year 1998.
Con version, anyway.
Obviously not the real X-Day.
The background music, what you're hearing now, is by the Rudy Schwartz Project.
This has been Hour of Slack, number 1150.
Praise Bob, and praise K-Rob.
And now, friends, let us go back to the end of the end of 2007's season.
In hell.
They said we were going to go to hell.
What choice did we have but to start our own religion?
And our own hell, which is going to be far more comfortable than the one so often described.
It's been more than a season in hell.
It hasn't been so bad, has it, for the past four hours?
It's gone rather fast, actually, as the show seems to do.
What's your game, Bob?
Next week, I'm actually having chiropractors on.
Why?
And they're all going to adjust me.
They'll give you a hands-on...
Well, you better have a couple of body mics so they can hear that cracking of the spars and timbers.
That's the idea.
Ship at sea in a storm.
Get some contact mics going in.
I think that'd be a great idea.
You have to follow that up with acupuncturists.
Yes, yes.
There you have the sound effect of the whistle of escaping gas.
Essence, as the tiny needles.
What a sensation.
You'd have to have a pretty sensitive mic for that, wouldn't you?
It's a special effect.
Just to pipe in the sound effect.
Last X-Day, remember, we were doing radio from on stage outdoors at this campground.
A spider suddenly was crawling across Dr. Howell's microphone.
Yes.
And we were able to turn it up enough that you could hear his tiny footsteps across the...
Fascinating.
Those mics are sensitive.
And it was an exceptional...
Extremely large and clumsy spider.
A club-footed thing.
Our final minutes.
No, no.
Thank you.
Spiders on microphones here at Pirate Cat Radio.
We're harmed during the making of this radio motion picture.
I'd like to thank Reverend Ivan Stang for coming in this evening.
Say thank you, Stang.
Dr. Howell for coming down on a night off.
You're too kind.
You're too kind.





Lloyd Mongaloid for stepping in two weeks in a row after a very, very busy show on Saturday night.
I'm going to be here every week.
Perfect.
I didn't explain that to you.
We'll make sure you get adjusted as well next week.
Puzzling evidence.
Documenting the entire evening.
K-Rob on the aural stimulants.
And we've got about two more minutes.
Two more minutes.
Literally forced us off the air.
Well, I hope the subgenius presentation you've heard tonight hasn't been confusing or off-putting.
Remember, we're always trying to improve our presentation for you and your comfort.
What do you see in the upcoming year for the church?
Well, various hagiographical contributions, canonizations, ascension to higher planes of being and feeling.
And, of course, money flowing in like a tidal wave.
You think this X-Day might be the X-Day?
Well, we always feel that.
Playing at X-Day?
Ooh.
You got 30 seconds to answer.
Go.
Yeah.
Well, I guess it'll be the last show.
Last show.
You'll have to wait.
Last show on Planet Earth.
We'll be there to greet the sex guys.
Thanks for tuning in, ladies and gentlemen.
A season hell with John Hell.
See you next week.
Reverend Ivan Steng, Dr. Hal Lloyd, Monga Lloyd, Buzzing Evidence, KROB.
Thanks, KROB.
Sometimes in the night when it does get a little lonely, I reach over and touch it.
Then it doesn't seem so lonely anymore.


