Dear friends, everything you're about to hear is from July and August of 1994.
This is a rerun of Hour of Slack number 457, Lonesome Cowboy Dave in space.
Hi everybody, nice to be back with you.
Well, first of all, I bring a personal message to Dr. Howell, who has asked me to convey his deepest appreciation to all of you for the many sacrifices you have made.
And of course, his congratulations on your discovery, which may well prove to be among the most significant in the history of science.
Listen, Howell.
There's never been a time when you've been so grateful.
There's never been an instance at all of a computer error occurring in an i-1000 series, has there?
Of course I have.
Sorry about this.
I know it's a bit silly.
Just a moment.
Just a moment.
Yes.
It's puzzling.
How is old Bob?
Oh, he's doing good.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius of Slack.
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Uh, yes, for the next 30 minutes of wrecked up equipment and crummy tape.
God, and the, the, the, uh, oh, everything's all messed up already, and we have to do so many shows so quickly.
And, where's the tape? There it is. Oh, there, yes.
Yes, and, well, but, all things shall pass, they say.
Oh, listen, you can hear the guard dogs. Listen to that.
That's the sound of the new subgenius house.
It's scary, isn't it?
I suppose I should probably go see who's at the door.
Yes, just go see.
Oh, the phone rang twice more since I went to the door.
Let's see, what's some, some good background music here.
Friends, uh, what an auspicious start.
I'm really, really rising to another show.
That was a little old lady at the door.
See, I just moved in to a new skyscraper studio here, and, and, uh, there was no one else here but me and the guard dogs.
And this little old lady was at the door and she said,
Well, now, I live in .. I miss Barry, I live on the house that was on the mountain road there,
and we're trying to get speed bumps put in, because people just drive much too fast down that road there,
And, and, you know, she says that he was in the car and we ran it over the fence with it in the first lap.
And the fire department says they need it for emergency use, but there aren't that many emergencies.
And I thought, well, lady, you don't live my life.
I was so charming and sweet.
I'm standing there.
I haven't shaved in two days, wearing a Church of Elvis T-shirt, 24-hour Church of Elvis,
with my horrible old gray hair running halfway down my back and everything.
And then the phone rings some more, and then it was Palmer, and then it was the editor from New York,
and then it was my agent.
And friends, you know, tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow creeps in this petty outer space
from day to day to the last tail leader of recorded tapes.
And all our yesterfrops have lightened.
It had subgeniuses the way to bad breath.
Out, out, brief flashlight batteries.
Life is but a walking shadow.
A poor pocket pool player who struts and frets his hour of slack upon the airwaves and then is heard no more.
It is a rant yelled by idiots, full of sound and fury.
Signifying Dobbs.
Yes, welcome to the hour of slack, dear friends.
The voice of the Church of the subgenius.
A celebration of peace, love, and understanding.
It just happens to take the form of pain, hate, and confusion for this global village of the damned.
Oh, and it's also about slack and Bob, dear friends.
Yes, we mustn't forget those.
Fine things, lest we will be indeed the global village of the damned.
Copyright 1994, Paul Manbridi.
Yes, friends, this old show, this old show has been through many changes recently.
First, losing the station in Dallas and having to rebuild a down and dirty mini studio here at the home office.
And then we had to move the home office.
Oh, yeah.
The Subgenius Foundation Incorporated and Bulldog.
Dada, Time Control, not to mention everything I personally own in this world.
And that includes a hell of a lot of comic books, friends.
Has all been physically moved to new digs in another part of Dallas.
A new skyscraper.
And friends, it's been hell.
And I don't mean no subgenius hell either.
Oh, that'd be a party.
We're not talking about a single bedroom efficiency with flimsy modern aluminum furniture.
We're talking about countless heavy massive antiques.
Upon which all our flimsy recording equipment is sitting.
Directly behind me as I sit here, seen on screen three,
is a 17-foot wall to ceiling, floor-to-ceiling wall, friends,
of tapes, videos, films, albums, CDs, Cats and Nine Tails.
We've got a new phone number, a new physical address.
Although, market friends, our virtual address, the sacred P.O. box,
181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
That, my friend, is eternal.
And shall ne'er change while Bob lives.
And while I live.
But anyway, we had to put off producing the show for two weeks.
And I'm just lucky there's so much tape laying around here, screaming and begging to be broadcast.
You can almost hear them there in the background.
But...
But friends, we're in a new building too.
And you know what that means?
That means that nothing works.
Because it was made in America by union idiots.
And every single fixture sprang a leak.
Even the electrical ones.
And it was like a Three Stooges comedy brought to life.
I mean, it really was.
But, you know, they say subgeniuses work best under pressure.
And of course, we always cause that incredible mess.
And we're under terrible pressure to build up by blowing everything off until the last minute.
And then, then, only then, with total disaster breathing down our necks with its hot breath,
we perform magnificently, far beyond mere hume expectations.
It's the fear that amplifies the intelligence, friends.
It's the fight or flight syndrome.
Makes you 20 times smarter than normal.
Unless you're a human.
And then it's just pure panic.
Pure panic.
It's like my daughter's theory about the lucidity of the moment of death.
My little cute 13 year old says that if you know you're about to die,
like the Mack truck is coming straight at you or whatever,
your brain automatically switches into a higher gear than it has ever been in before.
And not only is your whole life replayed in an instant, complete with smells,
but you also realize you suddenly,
for the first time realize the perfect, foolproof, and most of all extremely easy scheme
that would have saved the planet and made you a billionaire instantly.
But along with that, in those last microseconds of life,
comes the frustration of realizing how utterly obvious it should have been to you all along.
How stupid you were not to think of it.
Eh, too late now, though.
And what's worse, as Vreedes pointed out,
is that if you happen to live through it,
you forget.
Bummer, man.
Anyway, that's the way things are now.
No sooner did we move the entire church coffers and all the gear to a new place
and finally unpack and fix the disasters,
than I get a phone call this morning that basically says
that if I don't fly to San Francisco right now to ensure, no matter what,
that the new subgenius book, Revelation X, Final Layout,
will be done in two weeks, then we're cancelled. Period.
The project is cancelled.
That's right, that's how late we were.
So, it's easy, friends.
I just have to drop everything else, spend my life savings getting to the far-off cave
of Paul Mavridis and Hal Robbins,
and help them finish a chapter a day,
and do all the corrections,
and hand-carry the material to the publishers in New York,
that's all, that's all that,
and do the five overdue hour of slack radio shows before I leave!
So, this, dear friends, is the ultimate slack of subgenius horror,
or something like that.
It's the hand that dobs Deltas.
Will we then be jokers?
Or aces?
Or, more likely, just pull a black queen and explode?
Only the next day.
The next 14 days will tell,
so wish me luck in assembling today
two months worth of tapes into five hours of slack
between now and tomorrow, would you?
And send, after that, your prayers
towards the bay
for me and Mavridis and Dr. Howell
to somehow have the energy and brilliance to finish
what we started three long years ago
before the conspiracy pulls the plug,
leaving us with the greatest unpublished book in all history
and a bill for $20,000.
Amen.
Well, I guess...
First, let's go to outer space, friends,
with lonesome cowboy Dave.
Yeah, I think we'll do that. That hardly takes any editing.
Uh, this was originally broadcast...
Whoa!
Man!
They're coming in again.
I can't believe this!
On top of moving, I have to deal with these!
Okay, this coming up was originally broadcast July
on WCSB radio in Cleveland.
Swamp radio, the show of Chaz Smith and lonesome cowboy Dave.
I've been saving this stuff, friends, for just such an occasion.
Praise the God of the universe.
No kind of world for an old man no more.
Well, after this espousal, I can only wonder
what kind of surgery you must have gone under
to get the pipe-like grin and also some of the weird brain fusions.
Well, they tell me I was born...
I'm not a joker, man. I'm an ace.
I want you to understand that.
I can't understand the difference between the cards yet.
I know I'm trying, but...
I'm not a joker, man.
I'm not an ace neither.
It's more like a quagmire I'm lost in.
It's just a splattering of 52 different numbers in the deck
and I can't figure out which one to go with.
I thought I'd like to be a ten of clubs,
but it turned out I was a ten of clubfoot.
Yeah, that'll get you out of Vietnam.
They got me out of Vietnam.
Why did you want to go there?
I didn't want to go. I wanted to get out.
Luckily, my ten clubs of feet did it.
You can get out of Vietnam by having clubfeet?
Yeah, tell them.
They're going to ship you off if you don't.
Just all you got to do is take your shoes off in front of the psychiatrist.
Well, I thought they were going to ship me off to one of those off-planet little spin...
those little spin containers.
Those little tuna fish cans.
Vietnam is slang for Venus.
The capital city, Ritz, right?
Yeah, and Iran is slang for Mars.
We say, oh, we're having a war with Iraq.
What that means is that's North Mars.
North Mars.
Or South Mars.
Well, I thought...
Iran is North Mars.
Vietnam, that was Venus, man.
The media tricked you into thinking that we're in this primitive 1990s technology
when actually they're shipping people off.
They're shipping people off all the time.
Well, there's slave colonies on Saturn.
Well, not actually on Saturn.
The gravity there would make you as heavy as Orson Welles.
Well, was the moon landing real?
You know, on the...
Was the moon landing real?
Yeah, in 1945.
You mean Oscar Wilde conquered the moon in 1945 with the Mercury Theater?
Or... no, wait a minute.
No, that was Edward Teller.
Ah, that was...
I thought that was Heinrich Tesla, who was Tesla's brother
and actually came up with the...
Oppenheimer and all those guys all went to the moon.
Oppenheimer went to the moon?
Yeah, they didn't...
You know, then the thing you saw in 1969 was...
That was fake.
You know, that was like they wanted to...
They had run out of funds for their secret space program.
So they said, okay, let's tell them we're going to go to the moon for the first time.
So they made a big deal.
They didn't even really go.
I mean, they already had...
They couldn't have shown that footage on...
There's cities there.
There's cities on the moon?
Well, they're mostly underground.
But you mean you would...
Almost anywhere you go there, you see signs, you know, little smokestacks and stuff.
Can you get a good gyros there?
You know, I heard that some of these places that had been previously inhabited,
that they just keep on repopulating them with new kinds of people.
There's always more where that last one came from.
What's the...
People are considered cockroaches to these...
The owners of these bases.
Well, what do they want the cockroaches to do there other than like bug them
and get on top of the turntable or something?
Well, it's a farm.
It's a farm.
This is all a farm.
The whole solar system is a farm, Dave.
You're part of the...
You're not one of the farmers.
You're one of the spuds or turnips that's being thrown.
How about a new cheese?
But there...
You had once said that these are beings.
These farmers are too hideous to behold,
that their faces are all squares and cockeyed.
They're all at right angles.
And if they were to come into this world and where...
You'd rip your face apart in terror were you to behold one physically.
How do they make their way through the abyss?
Do they just blow themselves in there or do they just like...
Have they always been...
There is no abyss to them.
That is all...
They are in no space.
All things are touching.
They have cosmic consciousness, man.
There's some bad...
All the time.
Mackey-fackies, I guess.
Yeah.
Well...
And...
We can't get away from them?
I mean...
Through Bob, you certainly met them.

Hey!
But only through Bob.
Only by...
In fact, not merely through faith or slack in Bob,
but through works.
Money, Dave.
Money.
That $30 is all important.
That makes the difference between those who Bob knows trust him
and those that Bob doesn't even notice.
You can worship him all you want,
but if he doesn't whiff your name on that check,
then you're just another pink boy.
You're no better than the pink.
Now remember, we are a non-profit radio station.
Yeah, but Bob's a non-profit.
I bet you said that a thousand times.
That's the first time.
Well, that was the first time...
It's the first time it ever came up.
Well, I don't know if I feel like giving some...
Again, we come back to, is your soul up?
Is your soul up, dear friends?
Is your soul up?
Or did you sell out?
Have you sold out?
I certainly hope not.
We've done our best to walk that tightrope ourselves.
Well, I just thought I'd take a break here
from the swamp radio there from WCSB,
and just to experience this lovely music
that Nenslo sent us.
A special tape compilation of background music.
Yes, background music that you'll be hearing,
irritatingly, over and over again in the future on these shows.
This particular piece Nenslo calls,
quote,
the master control theme,
parentheses, seriously,
un-parentheses, unquote.
Hmm, let's just listen for a while
before we go back deep into outer space
with Lonesome Cowboy Dave, shall we?
Yes.
Specifically for sectarianでした,
this background music lets us
Everyone to breathe, cause God don't think that we got enough folks
Making poop in the river, making poop in the stream
Taking money from the folks, spending it on a fancy poker
Oh daddy, oh daddy, oh mammy, oh mammy, oh pappy, oh pappy, oh grammy, oh grammy
Daddy, daddy, mammy, mammy, pappy, pappy, grammy, grammy
Everybody's talking about how sometime there's a Pop Hope special
And boxing silver bells, walking in the face, no
Walking with a bimbo wrapped in a foie gras
Everybody's happy and there ain't no pussy jokes
Oh daddy, oh daddy, oh mammy, oh mammy, oh pappy, oh grammy, oh grammy
Daddy, daddy, mammy, mammy, pappy, pappy, grammy, grammy
Everybody's wondering why the president's a dumb shit
Talking like he got a big skinny old fish
Flappy round in his skull
And if he's a big skinny old fish

He'll get caught in the plot of the brain
That's supposed to make the president know
That he ain't supposed to go to Japan
And vomit at the dinner table, make himself a damn fool
Oh daddy, oh daddy, oh mammy, oh mammy, oh pappy, oh pappy, oh grammy, oh grammy
Daddy, daddy, mammy, mammy, pappy, pappy, grammy, grammy
Jimmerous, hammerous, whoa, whoa, daddy
Jimmerous, hammerous, whoa, whoa, daddy
Slinger on the couch, you're a good guy
Satchel, we're the haldogs fillin'
Sleepin' on the couch, we're the haldogs fillin'
Bold San Francisco chicken
La Rom manera, gmaybechick
hitting with guys, Andy Harh
Apologize
Oh daddy, oh daddy, old pappy, old grammy, oh grammy, oh grammy
пош kiş
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's a beautiful thing and we'll continue.
If I feel like giving something.
Again, we come back to is your soul up?
Is the magic light gone off?
There is no up and down in that realm.
There's no up and down?
No, there is sideways, but only in one direction.
So it's not a world where we could use the spatula as frequently as we'd like.
No, it's very linear.
It's more like the needle.
You might be able to use the needle, but never the spatula.
The spatula is too three-dimensional.
And the beach ball would be out of the question.
Yes, and also the inclement...
The angles are all wrong.
This is non-Euclidean geometries.
Just the frequencies of this broadcast are non-Euclidean.
But do they operate on a similar principle?
Is the wave magnetics involved in hearing our voices through this medium?
That's the only...
That's the only...
That's the only way.
That's the only thing that hears our voices in this medium.
So are they talking deep into the cervical clavichord and beneath the subcutaneous matter?
Are they talking inside our...
Sure, but it's pointless.
Who cares?
It's just all going out into the void, Dave.
You're all alone in this vast, huge universe spinning around in this little tuna can.
And 30 bucks.
Five years from now, you're going to hit Alpha Centauri.
Yep.
You'll be the first man there, though, Dave.
It's a great honor.
I'll be the first tuna sandwich on Alpha Centauri.
You're not just some guinea pig.
You're not just some Russian dog that's been sent up in a sputnik.
A guinea pig in a Russian dog.
No, you're a hero.
I got that.
No, I'm sorry.
You're...
I'm a sandwich.
You're the vanguard of the human race.
Well, the subgenius race, anyway.
And if Lenny Riefenstahl were to make my film and to have me as the top tuna above all the
rest, standing below there holding flags and everything, and then I forgot the rest of
it, too...
It'd be really good photography.
It would be great stuff.
I think we could all get uniforms and everything and forget Bob and just...
Yeah, just be Dave.
Praise Dave.
There'd be a million of me.
Thousands and millions of them.
Praise Dave.
That's right.
And no individual personalities.
Just blend with everything.
Like in a big, massive mush pudding.
Tuna pudding.
They all start thinking that way when they've been in the tuna can long enough.
When they've been spinning through the void for six months, they start fantasizing that
they're on Earth in a radio station, taking over the world with the brilliance of their
new discoveries.
It's still pretty hot and oily in here.
I don't know how much longer I can take it.
I suppose you haven't.
I just take off these Brazilian slippers here and relax for a while.
Maybe something will happen.
Maybe.
Maybe something will...
Just enjoy the stars.
This is the only time that you've seen a star go by outside the window.
Of course they don't really seem to be moving.
We're not going fast enough.
It's not like Star Trek.
It's just the same...
And of course that window has to be shielded completely, the radiation, if you stuck your
hand out there for a second it would burn your finger off.
If the vacuum didn't get you first, Dave.
But don't worry.
We spent a lot of money on this capsule.
I mean, if we had a lot of money, we would be able to get the men on it.


Well, just as long as I'm protected in here, I can fantasize.
And you've got lots of tapes.
I hope you like mid-60s top 40.
You want to hear good vibrations again?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Remember that one Hendrix tape?
Oh, that was the one that got torn up.
No, no.
That's the one you liked.
Yeah, the Mormon choir doing Hendrix's greatest hits.
You said you'd let me listen to that one again.
Could you just put it up one more time?
Their version of Machine Gun was really original.
I never would have thought I could.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir doing Machine Gun with just voices.
There's a lot you can do with the human voice.
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
It's a good thing his suit provides the medication when he freaks out like that.
I know.
It feels better now, doesn't it?
Everything's computerized.
We've got Dave tucked in, tucked into his little space capsule.
This creaky chair.
His self-medicating space suit.
Just me.
All the buttons in front of him and flashing lights are just props.
Make him feel good.
Make him feel like he's in control.
Actually, he basically was shot out of a glorified blowgun.
And we kind of, along with about a thousand other people in little tin cans,
and we're just hoping that one or two of them actually makes it to Alpha Centauri.
And we hope it's still there by the time they get there.
Carrying their little letters from J.R. Bob Dobbs
to the kings of any other inhabited planets they might fall onto.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We would have loved to have put you.
In suspended animation for this five-year voyage, Dave.
But the taxpayers would have had to pay for that.
The committee decided that you could just hack it out.
Tough it out.
Five years of black void sitting here in Orlando
pretending to be blown out by a puffed-up dart gun.
You're here with us.
The voice is inside your head, Dave.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.





never be alone. You can't even fall asleep. Your suit will make sure of that.
Let's see now. The first duchy fallen was 1264 by a count from the Ukraine named Vladimir.
Oh, it's it's Winoma time in southern New Mexico. The Winoma Indians are doing the annual
Akoma dance. Oh, there's new wine bar in Cincinnati. Don't forget, you've got 90 channels
of cable TV, although we will admit there's no sound. Yeah, but they're all like shopping
channels. And I don't have no money.
I'm trying to get money out of me. And wait a minute. You're a voice in my head.
You're building up credits all the time back on Earth. If you ever make it back, you'll
be a very rich man. I'm building up credits. I'm building up credits all the time.
If you don't make it back, they go into the J.R. Bob Dobbs Memorial Fund. You'll be remembered
very fondly by those of us who had to stay back here on Earth talking to you by radio.
Dave, I'm kind of connected. We wish we could be out there with you in the void.
I'm carrying on the torch of humanity.
I can feel you.
Discovery. The amazing sense of discovery you must feel. We all here on Earth envy you,
Dave.
I can touch you back there. I am blown out here.
You signed up. You wanted to go for the easy money, Dave.
Yeah, but...
You answered that classified ad in the paper.
Yeah, but...
Off-world farming. Big future. Big bucks while you sleep.
Yeah, but it sounds like such a scam. Off-world farming. What could you possibly have to do but sleep?
Sea monkeys are going to be a big cash crop in the future, Dave, for people on your new colonized planet.
Oh, my God. I've got to check out the sea monkeys. The sea monkeys were all bloated yesterday,
and I had to give them their estrogen tablets.
Let's see.
One, two, three, four, third, one, fourth, one.
This hammer is all disconnected here.
I hope the sea monkeys aren't dead, Dave. They're your only source of nutrients.
Check them. Check them. Check the sea monkeys.
Try this top off.
Oh, sea monkeys are bloated again.
Are you an invalid?
Hey, who are you?
What?
Who are you? You're a different voice in my head.
Are you one of the discredited...
carnated dead sea monkeys talking to me like the ghost of them?
You post a fake WCS feed and have to tell me what I want to hear.
Hey, this is getting more realistic and lifelike.
There's like retarded people calling me up and talking in my head.
I doubt if we'll ever be able to resurrect these sea monkeys.
Jeez.
Jeez.
Look at this one.
Are you okay?
It's sprouting a whole new head.
I wonder if I mix this solution back in again.
Maybe some of them...
I could take a spore from one of them and reclone the spore.
I'll just go take a nap and write a little report to the committee.
I'm calling you.
Bob?
Bob?
I haven't heard the voice of Bob.
Bob?
Bob?
There's just something in the background there.
I can't make that voice out.
I can't make that voice out.
Well, the only thing for me to do on this shift is...
Well, I gotta remember to call the bathroom.
And I gotta...
Well, remember to eat that stuff they call food.
I could work out again.
Yeah.
Yeah, with that.
I'll go read some more technical manuals.
Take on some more stuff on the monitor.
Take on some more stuff on the monitor.
Hell with that.
I'll try on this Mr. Peanut suit.
Yeah, this thing's been laying around for weeks now.
Having any fun with that?
He's hallucinating the peanut suit again.
You'll have to make note of that.
Well, now he's a little...
Tell the psychiatrist.
Mr. Peanut used to come to all the fairs.
And he'd pass out donuts and give favors to the kids.
And...
And bags of peanuts, of course.
I love that monocle and I.
You know what's funny?
All of those volunteer, quote, astronauts, unquote,
start imagining the peanut suit.
Something about Mr. Peanut...
Do you suppose the Russians had something to do with that?
Could they have breached security
and implanted the Mr. Peanut fantasy?
Look, he thinks he's Mr. Peanut again.
And if it's not Mr. Peanut, it's Reddy Kilowatt.
I'm glad we enjoyed the opening of the...
It's kind of sad, in a way.
Oh, boy.
I'm taller than all the other Mr. Peanut men.
This is a very, very big, important convention of Mr. Peanut men.
I think I'm standing...
Do you suppose his suit is over-medicating him?
I wonder...
It's possible.
I wonder if I should still be even taller if I was standing much more from the west.
But why...
Why old advertising figures?
I mean, Mr. Peanut's not even used anymore.
I don't think.
It's something from his past.
They're comforting things.
Oh, Mr. Potato Head.
One of the people on the way to Proxima Regulus
were all turned into Mr. Potato Head
around the six-month mark, just like him.
We'll have to remember that.
Yes.
We'll make a note of it.
We'll have to tell the psychology department.
We ought to tell the cruelty department, too.
They can start implanting...
I need a better...
Evil Mr. Potato Head and evil Mr. Peanut.
I no wonder they came here and shriveled up Mr. Potato Head.
Because now I can stare at each other.
I'd like to smash me into it.
Mr. Tuber costume.
It's the big sweet potato head.
Oh, I love this one the best.
It's carved out in the middle.
Hmm.
Do you suppose he has any inkling
that all of his silly antics
are being broadcast to all the people on Earth
on the crazy astronaut channel?
He's fully lost.
One of these days he's going to switch through those channels
and he's going to come upon the channel with him on it.
Oh, man.
I might as well lift a box.
Oh, wow, this is getting boring.
Dave, your gyros need stabilizing.
Dave, check your computer.
Wait, who?
Your gyro...
You're spinning.
You're in a spin, Dave.
Whose voice is this?
Stabilize the gyros.
Is this a real voice or is this a real voice?
Turn up the oxygen switch.
I get lightheaded in here.
Reach for the oxygen switch, Dave.
I'll be the turn on the oxygen switch.
Oh, he did it.
At least he thought it was the oxygen switch.
He needed a good washing.
Oh, my God.
They always panic when the suit fills up with the cleansing fluid.
My neck hurts.
Right up to their nostrils.
Oh, my God.
It's like he doesn't...
Church air switch.
My hands are clean.
My face is clean.
Hello.
Hello, Dave.
Feeling better now, Dave?
Feeling better now, Dave?
What?
Everything I say, itches.
No, no, no.
We're not doing that, it says.
It's just...
It's just us, Dave.
The voice is in your head.
We didn't want you to be alone.
I bet I could write a whole symphony on this hollow potato.
That would be something to do for five years.
You'd sit around going mad.
It's that...
There have been great symphonies written about hollow potatoes, Dave.
Great symphonies.
Why don't you try it?
It'll keep you busy for a month or so.
Yeah, why don't I try it?
I could, like, make thousands and thousands of little holes,
like some sort of chromatic key.
I could just get a little...
Dave, the cat's loose in the spaceship.
Let me check the monitor for...
Shh.
Cat's loose.
Damn cat.
It's crawling all over all those...
Faders and...
You better catch that cat, Dave.
It's walking across the control panel.
You're going into a spin again.
It's going right out of control.
You're destabilizing.
Oh, my God.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna destabilize.
This thing's gonna start flipping.
If I don't get down there right away...
Shh.
Shh.
Shh.
Ginger.
Ginger.
Ginger.
Oh, good.
Look.
Princess We the Cat's mutated.
Oh.
Just as we were hoping.
What the hell is that?
He let it wander into the cargo hold where it was exposed.
What is that?
Ginger?
Is that you?
Jeez.
What the hell?
What the hell?
There's a slime all over your neck.
What you been getting into?
Just let me get a little closer, okay?
What's wrong?
Try to make friends with it, Dave.
I'll try and make friends with it.
Try to make friends with Ginger.
Ginger.
Yeah.
Ginger was always a nice little kitty.
It's sick or something.
I'll make friends.
I'll pet it and take it back out of here.
Ginger.
No!
Well, settle down, Dave.
Try to communicate with it.
It's a new form of life.
No one's ever seen a cat spider before.
It could teach us things.
Oh, my God.
Think what it could mean to science.
Go on in there, Dave.
Can I get...
Go on back into that little...











Let that car go hold with that giant mutated cat spider.
If I could just talk to her, maybe...
It's got to be intelligent if it's mutated this far.
It maybe has something to tell me.
Little kitty or...
What the hell?
You are not...
What the hell is that?
What's that?
Oh, it just needs to be comforted, Dave.
Your music soothes the savage beast.
Why don't you put on some music?
Oh, Ginger.
I was going to play a little song for you.
Maybe you should put out some milk for it.
A little tray of milk.
Oh, Ginger.
I was wondering...
Be careful now.
Don't let it get hurt.
You know, its blood can burn a hole directly through the spaceship hole.
It would create a terrible vacuum and suck you out into space like toothpaste out of
a tube.
It looks like it's going through my...
Oh, my gosh.
Oh, my gosh.
And whatever you do, don't let any harm come to Ginger.
The war department is very interested in your little tabby.
I don't think we can deal with this right now.
I think it's just that, the rhatagym, it's still on.
We don't have this war department.
And we'll be back to the lonesome cowboy Dave flipping out in outer space channel after
these words from our controller.
Cue up the controller tape.
Dealing with overpopulation involves more than birth control.
That idea will take center stage at an upcoming conference in Egypt.
I'm Steve Pomplin for Earthwatch Radio.
I say kill them all, let God sort them out.
I say send them back to Black Sea.
I'm into the voluntary human error.


I say let them eat the extinction movement.
I say let them eat green cheese.
Let them eat green cheese and let the cat sort them out.
Let the mutated spider cat.
I say exterminate all of these bunk mounds because everything's pedagogues and stealing.
Stop the mutated poor.
Stop the mutated bad.
It's unreal.
Is there any coffee on this space?







Is there any of this?
Now come on Dave, I know you got some of that whiskey stashed somewhere.
Back with the bio samples from Mars.
The samples I'm studying came with my holocaust.
We're coming up to a major battle.
And I'm almost as good at it as you can.
And I'm almost as good at it as you can.
We can't understand a word you're saying Dave.
Almost there for sure.
He's lost in space friends.
Sad.
But it's part of the risks these astronauts take.
Thank God cremor don't make you sleepy.
Like some of the other ones do.
Well at one o'clock your suit will put you to sleep.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting for my suit to put me to sleep.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting.
I'm waiting.
Over the last five and a half hours my suit has enthralled me.
My suit has put me to sleep and waked me up again.
My suit fed me.
My suit evacuated my bowels.
My suit lulled me into a false sense of security.
It's a comforting suit.
My suit talked to me.
My suit made me feel very insecure.
My suit expanded and contracted a few times.
I didn't understand what that was about.
It was punishing you Dave.
The suit punishes.
The suit punishes and the suit rewards.
The suit rewards you Dave.
My world is in the suit.
This is my entire world.
The suit is your friend.
It's a nurturing cocoon.
Oh look at the cut of my socks.
This is the kind of seasoning that would make any any young man in America jealous as hell.
I'm a true hero.
Wearing this suit made me a hero.
And I'm proud of it.
I'm glad I signed up now.
I think my suit's filling me with pride.
I'm afraid that's not pride Dave.
You shouldn't have eaten those freeze dried beans this morning.
They just had a little fuzz on them.
I didn't see nothing wrong with those beans.
Your suit may be filling up with a lot more than mere pride.
Oh there you go.
He's using the zero gravity toilet again.
Oh boy this is kind of annoying.
Oh no he's not.

He left the flap open.
Look the stuff is floating around inside the cabin now.
It's coating the windows.
Catch that stuff.
All in a window.
Way to go Dave.
Smooth move.
Ha ha ha.
Did you?
Oh no.
Well now the emergency lights have gone off.
Little robots have to come out and clean up after you again Dave.
I have to get to the cleaning unit please.
Hello?
The suit's going to have to punish you again Dave.
The suit's going to have to punish you again Dave.
Hello?
I'm going to clean up on the front window.
Oh shh.
I think I'm going to be stuck there for weeks now.
Of course in this vacuous atmosphere I won't smell much I don't suppose.
Just don't take your helmet off.
I wonder what would happen if I took my helmet off.
I never tried it.
No don't do that Dave.
Wait a minute.
Maybe something might.
I don't know maybe.
This is not a pressurized cabin.
It might not be such a good idea.
I'm going to go get my helmet.

After all.
I'm just fiddling around with these.
Oh look he's trying to light a cigarette again.
He can't get it up to his lips through that helmet.
That must be the five thousandth time he's done that.
Shhh.
Sixteen cartons of luggage and I can't smoke a damn cigarette.
It was a brilliant move on the part of the psychology department to put that no smoking sign blinking in there.
And those twenty cartons of cigarettes.
That keeps up the sort of tension that keeps the aspirin going.
And the astronauts.
Oddly enough it keeps them mentally healthy.
You know it's so alone out here the only friend I've got is my own guitar.
Lucille.
You've been with me through thick and thin.
Can't smoke.
Can't really eat a good meal.
But I can still sing a song.
I think I'll sing a song about my intergalactic exploits.
Scott can't even hardly touch these fragile big mitts on.
I can't even touch these fragile big mitts on.
Years have gone and years have come.
But still I'm a flying bird.
Someday I'll get there and maybe I won't.
And I never know the reason why.
Shhh.
It's the worst one yet.
Too far.
And just keep on working at it.
I'll have my opera all figured out by the time I get there.
And then I'll make it back to Earth.
It's more herodom and fame and fortune for me.
Just chuck that up and show some deal.
You'll be the biggest folk music star on Alpha Centauri, Dave.
God, if I could see it right now.
I could be like the Woody Guthrie of Alpha Centauri.
You'll be the only musician in the whole star system, Dave.
Of course, yeah.
I'll be the only musician in the whole star system.
You'll be the only music fan in the whole star system.
Yeah, and my head will be shaped like a gigantic fan.
Like one of those Komodo dragons or what do they call them?
Monitor lizards when they get mad.
Good, good.
We've got him doing stream of consciousness again.
That should keep him amused for a few more days.
I wonder if they got a reefer on Alpha Centauri.
I wonder if they got a hot like Earth type baby on Alpha Centauri.
The suit is your girlfriend, Dave.
It's clamping down.
It's constricting.
It's tightening up.
It's form fitting, isn't it?
I didn't know this suit could do this.
What the heck is going on?
All right, that's enough.
Turn off that function of the suit.
Now let's make him exercise.
Put the suit in exercise mode.
There we go.
He's plumping up and down.
He's flopping.
My knee joint is going on again.
What the hell is this music?
It's a good aerobicized music.
We must keep our astronauts in good shape.
He's resisting calisthenics, jumping jacks at this time of the morning.
It'll be five years of this if he's lucky.
I can't do this for five years.
I can't do this for another minute.
Let me go.
If he doesn't happen to hit one of the planets, if there are any, in the Alpha Centauri system,
then he'll just have to go on to the next star system, twenty years past that.
But you'll probably hit a planet, some sort of a planet, or a moon, or an asteroid, or something,
some body of rock floating around in space.
Think of the romantic cartoon man on a desert island with nothing but one palm tree and a shark swimming by.
That romantic fantasy will be yours.
Only high-tech style, babe.
I'm a high-tech style romantic hero figure, abandoned on a distant moon,
casting his face like some piece of effluvio on the sea.
Someday I'll be home.
Someday I'll touch the shore, a distant shore somewhere.
Much longer.
I'll get there someday.
If you get bored, Dave, you can always just put a note in a bottle and send it out into the radio waves,
like you've just done for the last two hours.
This has been ESO Radio on WCSB, Cleveland, with my guest, the lonesome cowboy dude, the Reverend Arden Stang.
And the Princes, we are Doe.
My name is Chaz, and I'll see you all next week.
Yay for Chaz.
He's the mix master.
I am the mix master.
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
You're listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius, send a self-addressed stemmed envelope to...
Got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
www.subgenius.com.
Stay tuned and praise Bob.
Subgenius Radio
Subgenius Radio
Subgenius Radio
Subgenius Radio
Subgenius Radio
Subgenius
Subgenius Radio



Subgenius Radio

Subgenius Radio
I can't, this is a bad show, well then, this is a real bad show.
