For men on the go, it's not what's in the pipe, it's the pipe itself.
The Bob Dobbs Classic Meerschaum, hand-carved by the finest craftsmen in Malaysia.
This and other fine Bob Dobbs smoking accessories cast a spell of their own for the discriminating smoker.
Bob Dobbs pipes never go out.
Of style.
Available at Kmart, Walmart, Target, and Hypermart.
Oh, too much church.
Oh, too much church.
Praise God!
Praise God!
And welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Search.
Praise God!
Yeah!
Now, before we really get going with this sermon here,
I'd like you all to know that I'm not going to be doing this sermon for a long time.
I'm going to share something.
It's something we've done in Texas and Arkansas for many years.
It's just to kind of make people understand the solemnity, the profundity of the whole thing.
Lower your heads and we'll share a sacred moment of noise!
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Take them, take them, take them!
All right!
Yeah!
Here we go!
I don't see some people here in this.
These people have slack!
The sound itself, it has a stink to it.
It's bad!
Who's going to drive that greyhound, children?
Greyhound!
Who's going to drive that greyhound, children?
Greyhound!
Start a car, get the wheel to the middle.
Greyhound!
Greyhound!
Greyhound!
Greyhound!
Greyhound!
Greyhound!
Greyhound!
Greyhound!
Greyhound!
Greyhound!





Greyhound!
Greyhound!
Greyhound!
Greyhound!

Greyhound!
Greyhound!
I'm a ruse and a hilt as a virgin, maybe
Maybe I'm the old Dennis Boyd, maybe I'm a scamp and I'm a breakin'
Oh, he's in the city, with my kids and boys
And I'm coming for the man
He's the one
At Coitland's heading for the border
And they're running out of heels from a federal court order
Toll ahead, exact change, please
Three Hail Marys and on your knees
Take it to the bridge now
He's the one
I'm just gonna drive that great old children
Father, son, and holy cross
He's our driver and our home
We always drive 55
I'm so smoky and all true and all love
Bust to Jerusalem as a virgin and a virgin
I'm a ruse and a hilt as a virgin
Maybe I'm the old Dennis Boyd, maybe I'm a scamp and I'm a breakin'
Oh, he's in the city, with my kids and boys
And I'm coming for the man
He's the one
He's the one
He's the one
He's the one
He's the one
He's the one
He's the one
Kill my face!
And there's a subgenius down here with a bomb strapped to his chest, Owen.
You goddamn well better enjoy it or he'll kill all of you!
Kill him!
He'll kill all of you.
He is Bob.
Ready for fun.
He wears a smile.
Everybody run!
Yep, the decks are all running, dear friend.
You can't run from home, Blake.
That wonderful song that started the show out was Greyhounded Jordan by my brother Cleve Donut Duncan.
And my brother, Satan.
I think his best song yet, making it perhaps...
The worst.
The greatest song ever recorded.
Yeah, yeah.
One more Cleve.
No, no, no.
Because we're still in hell, my friend.
Well, we were in hell last week, if you remember, in our readings.
And we're going to be going back there again this time.
It's...
Oh...
As we were...
Reading from Revelation X, the bomb apocryphon.
The last hour of slack.
Why, back then, it was just the notes.
It was...
It was just, uh...
And now, it's a first draft. Amazing.
But, uh...
If you recall...
Well, I think, actually, we can...
We can play you an illustration here.
This is the subgenre of radio ministry.
Hour of slack on K-N-O-N-9-0-4-N-N-O-L-S-X-S.
Praise Bob.
They're here.
Some people believe that when people die,
there's a wonderful light as bright as the sun.
But it doesn't hurt to look into it.
All the answers to all the questions that you ever want to know are inside that light.
And when you walk to it, you become a part of it forever.
Oh, that sounds like fun.
Amen.
I can't wait.
Some people die, but they don't know that they've gone.
Yeah.
I think they're still alive.
They're still alive, but don't know that they're dead.
Maybe they didn't want to die.
Maybe they weren't ready.
Maybe they hadn't lived fully yet,
or they'd lived a long, long time,
but they still wanted more life.
They resist going into that light,
however hard the light wants them.
They just...
They just...

They just hang around.
They just don't believe in Bob.
Watch TV, watch their friends grow up...
Yeah.
...feeling unhappy and jealous,
and those feelings are bad.
They hurt.
And then...
Some people just get lost on the way to the light.
Bob.
And they need someone to guide them to it.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Indeed.
As...
As fanatical belief in organized religion
declines in the modern era,
the theocrats...
Those spirits who
enslave other spirits
on the other side...
The theocrats have even
devised ways to persuade
atheists and agnostics to join theocratic bands after death. The most common is simply
to invite them to join what appears to be a community of spirits that includes some
of their previously deceived friends and relatives, or some famous person they greatly admire.
There are also heavens whose gods claim to be the politicians, movie stars, writers,
scientists, rock stars, even fictional characters.
This is a war in heaven, friends, and there's cannibalism of souls. If you go to the normal
heaven, the pink heaven, pull the lever, you'll be in the middle of hell.
Down you go, as the great Dr. Gene Scott said about the caves and flames of heaven.
The most insidiously cruel aspect of pink heaven is that it's all self-inflicted punishment.
Nothing happens to those souls that they didn't ask for, that they didn't devise in their
own minds, down to the tiniest detail.
And nastiest things happen.

First of all, just as their store of anguish is about to be used up, they're told they
could escape if only they could stop believing in it.
But that only makes it worse, for there they are, right in the thick of it, with flames
searing their skin, or vampire false gods or relatives slowly devouring their very essence.
It's just a little bit difficult not to believe.
I'm not sure I can explain it.

I'm not sure I can explain it.
And the helpless, impotent knowledge of the full depth of their stupidity is frozen in
their minds, amplified and protracted out over millennia.
It is the ultimate horror, induced by this climactic realization that hell is fueled.
The fear of fear itself, self-amplifying, is recycled through their heads over and over
feeding on itself like a breeder reactor.
Even the fighting Jesus won't be able to save you once you end up there.
You will be eternally trapped, your every nerve tormented by fiery orange-blue screaming
light frying your brain alive, and every nanosecond of it will seem like ten billion
eternities.
Not even the staunchest masochist will be able to ferret out the tiniest vestige of
slack from that.
I'm not sure I can explain it.
And as the last gasping, wordless scream escapes your lips, you'll wish that you'd
remembered instead to say, help me God, help me God.
But it'll be too late.
Even God won't help you in normal heaven.
You'll be up there laughing with the rest of them.
It's all been a complete scam.
The unprofitable servant will be the one to be blamed.
That will be in the judgment.
Call the next defendant, Scott Camp, to the bar.
Scott Camp, I sentence you to hell.
No, I have been saved.
I have been saved.




I've been in church practically all my life.
Yes, you have grown up in church,
and you have certainly had an experience with your God.
But the record reveals that you have been unprofitable,
and the word decrees that the unprofitable servant
must be cast into outer darkness.
But when have I been unprofitable?
You have rebelled against my word,
and you have stolen your Lord's money.
While you lived upon the earth,
I permitted you to earn a good living.
As my servant, I gave you power and health to earn money,
and in return for this, I decreed in my word
that a tenth part of those earnings were mine.
I left that ten percent in your care,
charging you to invest it for me into my church,
that the gospel might be preached.
But you, Scott, have rebelled against my word.
You have not only taken 90 percent,
which I freely have,
but you have been so covetous
as to take the ten percent also.
Did you know that rebellion is a sin of witchcraft,
and that no covetous person shall enter the kingdom of God?
Oh, sir, I tell you, I didn't realize it was so serious.
You made that choice when you were only 18.
Look at your record.
July 15, 1953.
Will a man rob God?
Yes, sir, I did.
You have robbed me,
but you say,
when have we robbed thee?
In tithes and offerings.
You are cursed with a curse,
for you have robbed me, even this whole nation.
No, God wouldn't do that.
He's a loving God.
Besides, there's plenty of people that have more money than I do.
I need mine.
Scott, you made your choice.
When you rejected my word, you rejected me.
And to your eternal sorrow,
you have my blessing.
You have found that not only could you afford
to give to God that which was his,
but you could not afford to do otherwise.
The Senate still stands.
Oh, but, sir, please.
Cast the unprofitable servant into outer darkness
where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth.
Sir, please, give me just one more chance, sir.
I don't want to go to hell, sir.
Sir, no, no.
Thank God I don't want to go to hell.
Sir.
Now, on the first word I want to hear out of your filthy shores is,
Praise Bob.
Let me hear it.
Praise Bob.
Sound off like you've got a pair.
Praise Bob.
Dear Bob,
my life has changed completely
because of your ministry.
Dear Bob,
my life has changed completely
because of your ministry.
Dear Bob,
my life has changed completely
because of your ministry.
Dear Bob,
my life has changed completely

Here's another one.
Dear Bob,
my life has changed completely
because of your ministry.
Bob needs an order to pursue his plan
for world domination.
I said,
But, got my head in all things, and pays me off in pure slack.
Here's another one.
Dear Bob, my life has changed completely.
I dare you to kill me!
That's right, and you couldn't tell when he was doing it either. It was either there or it wasn't there.
And that's something I just don't understand. How can it either be there or not there?
Why isn't there any in between?
Well, that's what we call escaping from those Newtonian laws, Doctor.
Yes, escape velocity. Is that what you're implying?
You can escape velocity, but not the need for veracity.
Look, if you're both a particle and a wave, you're exhibiting a certain particle, particulate-like behavior.
That behavior can be measured, but you're going to collapse the wave function into the wave implement of that.
It is well with that kind of...
Yes.
...wavefront you suffer from the need to employ such a mechanism in figuring things out in a two-dimensional type of schema.
Maybe the listener knows about this.
Oh, those little glistening listeners would never understand, but what's that sound like? Heavy breathing?
There's a lot of power. It's a small room, but there's a...
There's something that sounds like a huge beast drawing its scaly coils along a stone floor in here.
Oh, I'm sure it's not Mimico.
Oh, maybe it is Mimico.
It's Mimico's theme song.
Mimico is the tiny monster, not the giant dragon that causes such unseemly smells and body sounds.
Her power equals the weakness of others times their own number.
Power, like any other dream, is both the act and the end.
Power like thousands of hydrogen bombs, eh, Doctor?
Yes, but no trigger.
No or no Roy Rogers, simply a stuffed effigy.
Lift that tail.
But let's leave things of this world behind.
Yes.
We've walked now down the path of Bob for this brief minute of slack from the Church of the Subgenius.
Bob is coming, friend, and you can take that literally.
Because death for a subgenius hero is merely a transfer over to the pleasure dimensions.
Now, unfortunately, many of us aren't heroes.
There's no water in hell, friends.
There's fire.
And you can't get a drink, and you can't put out that fire.
And you have many, many lives in hell.
It's reincarnation.
Just like here on earth.
Because earth, you know, is just the top floor of hell.
That's right.
You're in hell right now.
You are in hell now.
Of course, this is the part of hell where you don't even know you're in hell.
And when the demons mention it, you think they're kidding.
Oh, you'll find out.
Hell is real.
And there's no water down there, friend.
They don't even have rock and roll in some parts of hell.
And you can never win.
It's like a computer.
By definition, it cannot lose.
You can score real high, but sooner or later, it's gonna get you.
Because they creep up on you.
And that's the way it is here on earth.
They creep up on you and try to get you all mixed up about heaven and hell.
Bob is coming, my friend.
But when he's finished with that, he's gonna be mad.
Let there be slack.
Lift that tail.
The silence of the soul.
Sure is nice out here.
I hope the boat comes, though.
Fellini knew how to use silence.
Gary said he was here.
But that horrible boatman with his grizzly hands.
Yeah, I know. Don't touch him.
A giant flaming oar.
Mr. Boatman.
Please, Mr. Boatman.
And look, you have to put a coin on his tongue and it's all black and icky.
Climb aboard, Dr. Howell Robbins.
No, no.
And be prepared to go past my dog, my three-headed dog, Cerebrus.
Oh, he looks rather cerebral.
The triple-brained monster which guards the gates, the gateway.
Abandon hope, all ye who enter here.
What's he reading from?
It's a B-movie script.
Into eternal sorrow.
I am the wage of forsaken people.
Gee, you're right, Virgil, said Dobbs.
It is getting hot in here.
Yeah, I've seen that movie, the Virgil movie.
Made beyond me and beyond time, my friend.
Yeah.
Bob and Virgil went several levels further down into hell.
Suddenly, Bob, shifting his plight from one hand to the other, pulled out from his voluminous...
...ditty bag a sop of cakes with wine and honey, fermented, which he threw dexterously into the slavering three mouths of the three-headed monster which guarded the cavernous entrance to Funworld.
And in return, he was given a mighty blivet by Satan.
And a mighty belt shook the canine's, uh...
...bulging stomach.
His three-headed, uh...
...his three-headed thing...
You're not going to get me to mention that.
...wafted in the air.
...and he was fed enough of horrible horticultural effects from the world of mythology.
His horrible three foreskins quivering.
His gigantic, postulous, scabrous hide quivered unspeakably as with canine lust he scraped his hindquarters across the floor, howling and gribbling from all three heads simultaneously.
Huge ticks the size of small land crabs leaped from his fur-sparse epidermis.
Suddenly, the dog leaped across the vast expanse of hell and saddled up to Ivan's leg.
He was forced to be in the show, hour after hour.
P-Dawg, why did you make me do that horrible thing?
Yes, the bells of hell go ting-a-ling-a-ling for you and not for me.
Take my glands away, King P-Dawg.
They bang and bong and bing-a-ling-a-ling and ring eternally.
Yeah, they don't ever stop.
Yes, from Cerebus the P-Dawg, they all go for Ivan's leg.
Ow! Get that damn thing... Get those horrible little poodles off of me!
I hate poodles!
That was Madame Wazonga and her dancing chihuahuas...
...and the Judenda the Team Whip.
Once again, on the Subgenius Hour of Mystery and Darkness.
That was really a beautiful little dance number, Dr. Howell.
Yeah, you wouldn't think they were... they were cute.
And when's Michael Jackson coming?
This is the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Spreading the seed word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Heidi Bobb'd of the Church of the Subgenius.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha...
Laaaaaaa...
A-ha!
A-ha!
A-ha!
A-ha!
A-ha!
A-ha!
A-ha!
A-ha!
A-ha!
A-ha!

Oh why did I do a king, for nothing in the makin'?
A-ha!
A-ha!

I said you gotta come with us.
J&
I told my wife workers to bring some new legal supportive and otherwise it would be
harder than this...
Y-yeah, I know.
They will, but it suits me, really.
What did I tell you?
occurs in the future.
ères

Oh, man.
Here we are in the subgenius heaven,
also known as hell.
Hell, spelled H-E-L-L-E.
After the Nordic.
For the hereafter of the true subgenius
is the diametric opposite of that of the unsaved.
Having tithed sufficiently in life,
death for a subgenius hero
is merely a transfer over to Asgard,
the subgenius hell,
the land of perpetual ooze, squirt,
and,
portal to the eternal pleasure dimensions.
After bathing in the before life,
the Nentescence bursts through the membrane of death
into the hell plane,
where it takes on a new, highly refined,
nearly indestructible body
in perfect adult condition.
At this level of existence,
it partakes of earthly pleasures,
but in a vastly richer depth and variety
than could be conceived of on earth.
An anti-Dante's inferno,
Asgard is a perpetual party
in an endless amusement park.
Indeed, the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
could be viewed as but a boot camp,
training you to withstand even more eye-watering,
almost harmful ecstasy to come in subgenius.
The
lesser prophets must use threats of eternal torment
as an inducement.
Bob tempts his chosen people with the threat
only of missing out on not one,
but two paradises.
Our faithful attain both a technological paradise
during life on the escape vessels,
and a metaphysical paradise after death.
Can any rival,
or any faithful cult offer both?
In subgenius hell,
there is no authority,
only angels.
Angels don't have to sin,
but they do anyway.
Sometimes they frolic and have sex
with subgenius souls.
Imagine angel sex.
Other times, they watch us with no more involvement
than when we watch a sitcom.
The concept of fallibility does not exist.
Among angels, and so,
they are infallible.
Angels are rather Bob-like in this ignorance
or amnesia of failure.
Telepathy is used in subgenius hell
because there is no air to make sound waves.
Indeed, everything in Asgard is composed of varying thicknesses
and degrees of pure pleasure,
and all consciousness is in a continuous,
undiluted moment of oud squirt.
All who die as children go straight to Asgard
and grow up there.
They make the best angels,
for they require almost no deprogramming.
Likewise, members of rival cults
who were unknowing, unsaved subgeniuses in life
may find themselves in subgenius hell,
which they'll naturally think is their heaven.
We may find among us rogue priests,
misfit rabbis, deranged Sufis,
even cops and politicians.
All who were great subgeniuses and bold surrealists,
even without knowing it,
will party with us in subgenius hell.
Well, probably not many politicians.
But one doesn't have to be baptized in Bob to be saved.
Nay, you should assume that you still have to send the $30,
but there are some whose service to Bob
enabled the church to exist.
They'll resist for you to spend that $30 on.
Captain Beefheart, for example,
and Kitten Natividad
might not ever know of the church or might hate it,
but they will certainly end up on the escape vessels in 1998.
And if they die before then,
they'll go straight to subgenius hell,
whether they like it or not.
They'll like it.
It would be impossible for them not to.
And Asgard is only the ground floor of the subgenius afterlife.
After spending several eternities in Asgard,
following a single short preliminary eternity in normal hell,
you start slacking your way up to the subgenius heaven, hell.
And you earn your way to the subgenius heaven
by having more fun in subgenius hell.
Just as life on the escape vessels readies you for death in Asgard,
you wouldn't be able to appreciate the ecstasy of subgenius hell.
You would be able to enjoy the subgenius heaven
without first undergoing subgenius hell
to build you up to that level of enjoyment.
Helle is so brain-crushingly glorious
that you might not survive it otherwise.
You would be numbed,
and none of the succeeding pleasure dimensions
would seem, by comparison,
much different from Earth on a good day.
After you die, quote, unquote,
in Helle,
you will be born into the Valhallaic universe,
and once there, you'll gain access to dozens and dozens more,
each one better than the last.
In fact, incomprehensible to the last.
After traversing the eight roads of slack,
the Nentescence will arrive at the twelve gates
leading to the 273 supra-universes of the beyond.
Here, you must prove that you have overcome,
or tasted, the twelve earthly temptations
by overindulging until freed from them.
You will then pass into the supra-universes of the beyond
and reach the gates of Yakutisma,
where you must show that you learned and practiced
the twelve virtues on Earth.
Rather than reveal the virtues and temptations,
we will make you guess,
and that way, to be safe,
you'll have to indulge in all virtues
and all temptations.
As long as you don't falter,
you can keep evolving higher up the road,

and you'll reach the top of the ranks of existence,
ascending, until you finally make it,
to the topmost floor of Hell,
where you are told,
the punchline.
But friends, don't start gearing your life to the afterlife,
because you aren't dead yet!
The so-called real world is still the real world!
I mean, sure, it's all Maya,
all, uh, illusions, sure, you make your own reality,
but just try to remember that the next time you stub your toes, smart guy!
If you don't believe it, try this simple experiment.
Take a hot needle and insert it slowly into your left eyeball,
while suddenly you'll gain an understanding of the value of a dollar,
and be rid of the corny cosmic sweetness and light illusions forever.
Money has more to do with reality,
than all mankind's religions put together.
The real world, the dream world, and the death worlds,
are all equally real, but are composed of different vibrations,
of the ether of what Bob calls the smoke of the father of all pipes.
Just remember, the more time your higher self spends in dreamland,
rocking the all, the whole in oneness,
the longer your lower self is left alone on Earth,
to act like a jerk, and hide its head in the sand,
while the conspiracy gets away with murder.
So don't sit there thinking anything's predestined for you.
Some people have fates, and some do not.
Predestination exists only for those who have been chosen.
For most, there is no fate.
But they are the lucky ones.
You may not need fate to be rich, but having no fate,
you have the choice of becoming rich,
of your own free will.
Many who have been fated, were fated not to become rich.
Unlike the chosen, you may choose.
There is no karma.
Nothing's gonna make things come out okay in the long run.
And since you only go around once at a time,
the best way to get to heaven, is to get slack now.
We all know we're gonna die, and that it could easily be before our time.
Do we then give in to depression,
grabbing some last straw after life,
concepts of dumb religion,
and sigh with resignation while waddling aimlessly
through what's left of the rest of our lives?
Hell no!
We spend our time as if it's worth something,
and thus be more than alive!
Better to be completely alive for a few seconds,
than be half alive for a hundred years.
Because when half alive people die, they're just dead.
If you're half alive, why bother to live at all?
Death ain't gonna make that much difference.
No.
And most people's life spans are truly aimless.
Like someone unknowingly lost in the woods,
they trudge confidently in a big circle for hours,
thinking they're moving in a straight line towards the horizon.
And finally they come upon a familiar landmark,
and realize their terrible folly.
And the moment that most people die,
is the moment they realize they've been going in circles through life,
hopelessly lost like idiots!
That's the moment of total horror!
And that realization is what sends them to normal hell.
We on the other hand, dear friends,
we follow J.R. Bob Gobs up the trail to its trailhead.
Though we may have gotten lost at some point,
we may have gone in circles for years and a stretch,
but we've learned our mistake in time.
There's no damnation for the subgenius whose heart is true to Bob.
You're a subgenius, and you have that covenant,
that sales contract, that warranty on your very soul.
But...
But...
But...
Through carelessness or greed, your nantescence can get overdrawn.
Just like your bank account.
Yet, with proper investment, it will collect interest.
There's only one way to be sure that when you die,
your soul will be healthy enough that you can die completely,
and make it all the way to hell.
Oh bob!



Rather than lightning,
I think that you'll have such goblins
that could take on a whole lot more anymore than that.
And just before you can하죠
beh,
you may carry up on that
the grace of a good man.
Sitting on the ground with
country lines in line,


To all that exclusively seeing you when the sky falls,
the best of us,
to our Spice Squad,
we all bow down God bless us!
Real special thanks
And Bob Dobbs does not want your brats or your mind.
He wants your money.
I mean, that's simple enough.
And that's when you say, well, now, oh, Bob, oh, I don't trust you that much, Bob.
I give you my brains and my kids, but not my money.
Oh, no, that's too important to me.
Well, now, if you believers ain't giving money, I mean, all you're doing is believing.
Oh, we get it.
First, you want to see the eternal salvation.
Uh-huh.
Then you're going to pay up.
You're going to end up with that excuse nailed to your back in normal hell.
When you yank it off, they'll just hammer it back in with a bigger nail.
My friends, lining Bob's pocket with love offerings helps you to slide between the electric sandpaper machines of justice and karma.
It greases you up for a faster slide.
Straight through that tunnel of white light and into the before light so that you can just pop out rather than having to squeeze through the end of the tunnel.
That slide to subgenius heaven is just like going down a chute at Wet n' Wild.
Pull the lever.
Down you go.
At first, Asgard may seem hot and stuffy with all those flames around you and the fellows with the tails.
But those are angels.
In fact, they're not.
They're in uniform, my friends.
That's a big joke down there.
They wear costumes to scare the bobbies.
So that when the bobbies first get there, they go,
Oh, oh no, Lord, I've sinned.
I've gone to hell.
Whereas the true subgeniuses think,
Praise Bob, I've sinned enough.
But there are plenty of quality souls frying in normal hell simply because they wouldn't and couldn't follow the goose-stepping guidelines of God.
But thought.
That they should.
Untold billions being horribly tortured for no greater sin than that they wanted slack and didn't believe they were supposed to get it.
If getting slack is a sin, my friends, we must pray that someday we all become sinners.
God beli-
Dobbs!
Dobbs believes in the God-forbidden right of all subgenii to choose for themselves the fates of their souls.
Dobbs is recruiting lost souls of every creature.
The billions that fell between the cracks of good and evil.
The neutrals who just want for once to be left alone in the afterlife.
And teaching them how to profit from hell and beat the devil.
Bob is one of the living undead and one of the dead unliving.
Bob is a paradox, a contradiction.
He's the epitome of hypocrisy.
And he'll tell you so himself so you won't know whether or not to believe him.
And simply not being able to make a difference.




And if you can't make up your mind, well, that's all it takes to send you you know where.
So why not give up your soul to Bob now and join us in subgenius hell?
All your friends will be there.
It'll be one endless subgenius beach party by the flaming lake of brimstone.
But it won't be nearly as much fun without you there too.
Take the Dobbs Express, the straight train to salvation.
And send for that free information from Bob.

Bob, that's right, old Bob.
Good old Bobby.
Just address that letter to Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
That's 140306 in Dallas, Texas.
75214.
This is Doctors for Bob in the background.
Brown.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Okay.
No, do I have to...
I got my teachings right here.
Okay, I'm listening.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know.
Okay.
Oh, I have to...
Yeah.
Okay.
No, I was just kidding.
Yeah.
Oh, no!
Yeah, I am.
All right!
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Out of attraction or repulsion.
Enter into game existence with good grace.
Amazing grace.
Voluntarily and freely.
What should I do?
Remain calm.
And?
And remember...
The teachings!
All right!
The teachings!
The teachings!
The teachings!
Hey, isn't that them?
I think it is them.
It's the Bondo Brothers!
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.







guitar solo
Down the middle of the mile
The funky, funky malls
Boomer, boomer, boomer
All the time, all the time
I should follow
Down the middle of the mile
He's a little star, a tiny kid, woo
He's got three parts
Number three
La la la la
He's got the two, and he's got the four
Back to here
Oh, look over here
Down the middle of the mile
Boomer
Oh, yes, dear friends,
those funky, funky bardos,
they're in the background from Buffalo, New York.
I'm gonna be preaching up there in Buffalo in November.
I better not say them.
I can't remember the date.
But, yes, yes, where are we?
This is one of those shows that I've had to throw together
at the last minute because of work, work,
and work.
I don't even know where or who I am.
Hey, why not ask why not?
Where are we again?
Where are we?
Maybe we better let the tons of listeners in on it.
No.
Okay.
It's just that darn kleptomania of mine cropped up again.
Thought I had it under control, but besides,
I can never listen to a radio station.
You respect a radio station, you would have me on it.
You know that.
So that is why we are here,
and looking a gift horse in the anus kind of way.
Won't they suspect us?
I mean, you're more shady than a dog tree.
A dog tree is a scene.
Ships fire will be the last people I'm suspect.
We're not even real characters, remember?
We're just imaginary radio characters.
No substance in reality, quadrant, whatsoever.
So they think.
That gives us the perfect alibi.
Now let's look around for something to rip off.
Nitsy fingers.
As your personal frontier Freud, I must remark,
this could score some bad karma points.
No.
I can't help it.
I can't help it.
I must steal.
I must steal.
Go for it.
Pinch.
Thief.
Swipe.
Snatch.
Snatch.
Snatch.
Snatch.
Snatch.
Snatch.
Snatch.
Snatch.
Quit saying snatch.
We're getting excited.
Yes, brain rot radio theater.
Those brain rot.
Brain.
Brain.
Brain rot.
Radio theater up in town.

In Cleveland.
On wonderful WCSB.
That's a cool station.
When they let, you know, guests in.
Me.
And, uh, well, looks like I've got a tape to change.
We have to let them change here.
We'll switch over right like this with OBE.
This is an out of band experience.
Pure figments of imagination.
No, no, no.
Any abnormal sound?
Normal.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.
.

.
.
.


.

.


.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Come on, boys.
Line up.
Line up.
Make some noise.
I can't hear you.
Come on, let's hear it.
Am I getting the blood pressure round for nothing?
Line up.
Line up.
Line up.
Line up.


Roll.
Roll.
Roll.
Roll.
Roll.
Roll.
Roll.
Roll.
Roll.

Roll.
Make some noise.
Let's hear it.
Come on, let's hear it.
Roll.
Roll.
You and your subgenius fools shall never defeat me, Bob Dobbs.
Oh, no?
Then have a taste of my Stark Fist of Removal, Doctor Conspiracy.
Shhh!
Neegie's henchmen won't get any slack when they face Bob Co.'s new Bob Dobbs action figure with flying rocket fist, flamethrower pipe, and magic briefcase.
Too much is always better than not enough when you collect the subgenius universe.
Bobmobile not included. Batteries and some assembly required. Action figure sold separately from Bob Co.
Roll.
I am a subgenius, and by that flesh you would touch what falls to the grain of the man.
My power wasn't given to me in exchange for prayer or meditation.
I paid for it in cold, hard American dollars.
Salvation you get for free is worth just that.
Nothing you queer.
Of course, your money ain't worth jack anyway.
The conspiracy says to that,
but a very important element of your soul
and ears to those otherwise worthless greenbacks
that Bob needs in order to pursue his plan
for world domination.
I say, Bob guides my hand in all things
and pays me off in pure slack.
So I say to you whips, you fools, you dupes, you pigs,
give me your money.
You won't be in the future.
The future offers you not but destruction.
You know what I mean?
I mean, I dare you to kill me.
I need the bill.
I mean, I'm one of the good guys.
My cards shall prevail.
Let out the crazy man inside you.
He knows what's what.
Smile when you call me a fanatic.
Oh, you say, me, primate.
Me, overman.
You think I'm dumb, but you are blind
to the conspiracy that runs your life.
And you have your geniuses running things for you
when you think they're going to make things safe and simple.
And I'm going to make things safe.
And simple and easy for me and the entire sub-demon's race.
Even if it means wiping out your sex society in total
with no more sentiment and balls and swatting the fly.
All this that we might survive the end.
You know why?
Because I am, I am, I am, I am a sub-d.
I say, oh, you blow-dried white wine sipping designer Jean Clair French film watcher,
and walkman totin' hip wimps.
And you house-coated inquirer riddin' trailer in camp.
Ball shoppin', hair curled, motorheads, cock holsters.
All you do is stop corporate big money.
Oil exploded, tree killin', land rape, food freezin'.
Death, woman, tryin' naturally.
The establishment carryin' vote.
Huntin' backstabbin'.
Poverty spreadin'.
Bomb wieldin'.
Meringue headin'.
Pencil neckin'.
Razor-headed politicos.
Kill the conspiracy.
Kill them.
Kill them and eat them.
Kill them and eat them and f*** their wives.
Who do you think you are?
What do you think you're doin'?
Do you think you got it good?
Well, dispose of those delusions.
Dispose of them all right now.
Because on July 5th, 1998 at 7.30 in the morning, you shall be judged.
Calculatin' alien races.
I'm your own.
If you don't wanna fuck, you wanna skip this groupin' here.
You will fly where we will party.
I'm your own.
Follow the thunderbird.
I'm gonna get down and do it right here.
Now, here we go.

I'm gonna get down and do it right here.
You know why, daddy?
You know why?
You know why?
You know why?
You know why?










Oh, my brother, my brother, Cleve Duncan.
Cleve Donut Duncan.
Singin' that lovely song with backup.
The music by Huge Voodoo.
This is actually been sort of a...
I've used a lot of re-run material from ours.
Slack number 262.
The DK Jones and Cleve tape.
Wonderful.
I'm gonna put it on the wall.

DK Jones and friends.
I trust you got that number to write off to for free information on the hub.
I'm gonna give it one more time real quick.
That's post office box.
He just drop us a darn self-addressed damn down-vloak.
That'll do it.
At Bob at post office box 140306 Dallas, Texas 752140.






I've got a sort of a clarification I need to make here, friends.
Since around 1990, certain church members have been plagued by disembodied voices saying
things like, you owe me $60 and I can't spend this on the other side.
And if you're planning to crash on the subgenius foundation floor, you may have to get a job.

I don't know if you're gonna have to put up with the damn ghost, subgenius ghost.
They won't hurt you.
I mean, you might get some slime or blood might drip on you from the ceiling.
But all they do is whine and bitch about how they didn't get their $60.
They didn't even get hell.
They can't smoke.
TV doesn't make any sense to them.
On and on.
Just what we do is we just sprinkle a little goofer dust around the cots.
And if you give them a buck, they'll stay away.
That's what I'm saying.
If there's like a new church pamphlet out or a stark fist or something, they'll appreciate that.
We can understand why they complain, dear friends, because the least they should expect is their $60 back.
And that was guaranteed in print.
And to make good, to offset the fact that some $60 subgenius foundation checks are not legal tender in hell,
we switched to investing those in the individual's names in a special memorial fund
in the subgenius bank account.
As long as their names are on file, the exes will be able to re-extract their mental life stenches
and reconstruct new bodies for them on next day.
They won't be doomed to hell forever or anything like that.
It just might seem that way.
But, you know, that's just the way hell is.
But if you think about it, meanwhile, that interest on that $60 will grow and grow and grow.
And it...
Oh, here's Joe Christ just walking in.
He walked in the door.
.

.
.
.
.















