It's alive. It's moving. It's alive. It's alive. It's alive. It's alive. It's alive.
The Soul of Jesus.
The Tower of Death.
I just sprayed WD-40 on it, and it stopped for about 10 or 15 minutes, and then it'll start back again.
Did you try to wiggle?
Oh, yes. Yeah.
Yeah.
You're right.
And...
No.
No.

No.
So, if there are actually fetid fetuses falling from the sky...
And there are.
And they're both spelled F-O-E-T.
The old fetal fetter.
How come we don't call them fetid fetuses or fetid fetuses?
Because they went off fetus first.
That would be crazy.
That would be like a world where just chopped off feet washed up randomly on beaches.
Right.
That does happen.
It would be the same crazy world.
A world that didn't make any sense at all.
Chopped off feet do wash up on beaches.
Okay.
I've recently been studying this.
They do wash up on beaches, and the reason for this is that sharks bite them off and then cough them up.
Well, they're actually paddling to shore.
But it's always right feet.
And we keep getting left feet in the mail as barter for membership packs.
You should see the documentary information I have.
They photograph a lot of these feet when they are washed up, and I've got photos.
Lots of photos.
Only $49.95.
I can send you some.
I'll see you later for the hot foot pics.
Well, they're not that pleasing to the appearance, but they show that a shark can carry things in its gut for many days without digesting it.
Ah, well, that's just the shark kingdom, however.
It could have been a horny seal.
That explains Philo.
You mean Wayne Sheen?
That explains the stuff that comes out of Philo's mouth on the KPFA show.
He's got stuff that's been undigested in his gut.
You all know who we're talking about.
Dr. Philo Drummond.
Only Dr. Philo Drummond.
Only the cub subco-founder and cub subco-founder of the Church of the Subgenius.
Back when he was a fledgling cub reporter.
A cub genius, as Dr. Darby said.
A bumbling bear cub, hunting for honey and bee trees and so forth.
Now a full-fledged schlub genius.
His bow tie years.
He ended up with more than a bucket full of money and a tree full of honey.
He ended up with two honeys.
In fact, two families.
And he now, as the Mormon subgenius, supports both of those.
The fundamentalist Mormon subgenius, Philo Drummond, with his several daughters and wives.
And the latest daughter is too tiny and his payments.
It's rough being a polygamist.
He's got this whole generation and several generations to take care of.
And I love him in his old age.
Polygamy is its own punishment.
It's punishment that fits the crime.
But he's only one quarter subgenius and the rest is Jeffrey Dahmer.
Or no, who was the one who, yeah, Jeffrey Lundgren.
He could always drum up a date.
Pardon?
He could always drum up a date.
Dr. Drummond, yes.
Dana Leppard, it's easy to get a piece of.
He's just a beat off.
That's my opinion.
It's a pity Dr. Drummond couldn't be here this year.
I don't even have standards in this.
We do hope we'll be able to draw him back one of these times.
Because X day is always all the better for his presence.
It's not always pretty outside.
Sometimes it's raining like a dog or a cat.
Other times it's just cold as hell.
There's rarely a day as beautiful as this which leads me to believe that maybe we have been ruptured
and just can't fit it straight.
It's true that it was pouring rain out here until 2 o'clock on Wednesday when X day was scheduled to start.
So it just washed it off the calendar?
Actually it was 1 o'clock at that moment.
The sun ripped through the clouds and the grass instantly dried much like at the miracle of Fatima.
Which I think I mentioned already.
Well we have our miracles and our signs of wonder.
Believe me, we do.
We manifest them constantly.
So back to conspiracy theory.
What do you mean when you use the term conspiracy coincidence syndrome?
Actually I forget where I first encountered that idea.
But I was working for Playboy and somebody submitted an article.
I think I was the only editor who voted for publishing the article.
And it was about this thing.
This guy set out to investigate conspiracy theorists.
And he investigated a variety of them.
Those who thought the Rockefellers ran the government.
Those who thought the Air Force was engaged in a cover up of the UFOs.
And I forget what others.
About three others.
He found all of them had real incidents that they could demonstrate to his conviction that they weren't making it up.
That they had been persecuted.
Which helped prove that their conspiracy theory must be true.
Or why would they be persecuted?
And I began to think, well.
Uh.
I don't exactly believe in psychokinesis.
But I do believe that we program what happens to us a lot more than we're consciously aware of.
And it occurred to me that if people who believe widely conflicting conspiracy theories get equally persecuted.
They're bringing the persecution down on themselves in some way they don't understand.
And that led me into the whole concept of coincidence and synchronicity.
And some of it is pretty damn weird.
You can't explain it in any rational terms.
Uh.
Well, think May Brussel.
Her daughter got killed in a car accident.
She thought the CIA did that.
Now my attitude is so many kids get killed in car accidents that to immediately jump to the conclusion the CIA did it is kind of premature.
And if the CIA wanted to shut May Brussel up, the obvious thing to do would be to kill her, not her daughter.
But then you find things that are really weird.
Like, uh.
Kerry Thornley who believed he was brainwashed by the CIA.
And was part of the Kennedy assassination.
But he couldn't remember all the details.
He got held up in his own apartment by a guy who after pistol whipping him and taking a stereo and a television and a few other things he carted away.
He took Kerry's I.D. with him too.
Now why did he steal Kerry Thornley's I.D.?
Maybe that's another coincidence like May Brussel's daughter being hit by a car.
And the more you look into it the more mysterious it gets.
John Lilly.
Dr. John Lilly who has a background in more sciences than just about anybody I can think of.
He has coined the metaphor.
He insists it's a metaphor because he doesn't want to be known as a nut.
I also call it a metaphor because I still have some faint hope that I won't be known as a nut.
Cosmic Coincidence Control Center.
CCCC.
It does seem like Cosmic Coincidence Control Center pays special attention to people who pay special attention to it.
The more coincidences you look for the more you find.
And the more you look for coincidences the more you find the really weird ones that seem like synchronicities.
As for example the 23 theme that runs through several of my books.
I was giving a lecture in St. Louis.
Guy came up after the lecture with his wife, chatted with me a bit and said I know how your 23 gimmick works.
I said okay tell me.
He said it's a neurological grip.
You make your readers abnormally conscious of 23s and they ignore all the other numbers.
And I said congratulations you found the great magician who makes the grass green.
According to Zen Buddhism you are now enlightened.
And then after a while we decided to go get a pizza.
We went to this pizza place and they give you a number while you wait for your pizza.
Of course we got number 23.
He said how do you do it?
And I said I thought you did it that time.
I mean this kind of thing starts wandering.
And then after a while you find out that any philosophy you can invent fails to account for it.
Synchronicity isn't a theory at all.
It's a word that Jung made up and pretended he had a theory to go with it.
But in the scientific sense there is no theory of synchronicity.
It's just a label for a phenomenon.
That tends to occur when you're in depth analysis Freudian or Jungian.
When you do a lot of LSD or if you do a lot of oriental meditation.
Or if you practice western Kabbalistic magic.
And it happens to ordinary people too.
But it happens much more likely if you belong to one of those five groups.
If you belong to all five of those groups the synchronicities accumulate so much that you start to think.
To quote Aleister Crowley, the whole universe is an individual dealing of God with your personal soul.
So when one starts investigating conspiracies suddenly by the same principle facts backing up the conspiracy seem to pop from the woodwork?
Oh yeah.
It's like the law of fives created by Kerry Thornley before he started remembering or imagining his connection with the CIA and brainwashing programs and so on.
The law of fives holds that everything in the universe is directly connected to the number five.
Sometimes I restate it as given enough ingenuity on the part of the interpreter.
But usually I leave that out and leave it in Kerry's form and leave the reader to figure it out for himself.
But take for instance.
Hmm.
666 the number of the beast.
How the hell is that connected to five?
Well add it up.
666 it adds to 18.
18, 1 plus 8 equals 9.
9 is 3 squared.
There you got your 3 and your 2.
3 plus 2 equals 5.
You see how easy it is?
I only took three steps.
So because the mind is searching for those kind of connections it's putting them together wherever it can?
Yeah, I'd like to do a book sometime on great blunders by intelligent people.
Because when you start looking for something you tend to find, you know, this wouldn't be like Simon Newcomb, the great astronomer who wrote a mathematical proof that heavier than air flight was impossible and published it a day before the Wright brothers took off.
I'm talking about people who found a pattern in nature and wrote several scientific articles and got it accepted by a large part of the scientific community before it was just a matter of time.
And people generally agreed that there was no such pattern.
It was all just selective perception.
This happens over and over.
And if it happens to scientists, imagine how much more often it happens to artists.
And now imagine how often it happens to subgeniuses.
That was Robert Anton Wilson from the audiobook Robert Anton Wilson Explains Everything.
Thanks to the folks at MaybeLogic.com.
And praise Poke Bob.
This hour of slack number 1171.
Be pretty crazy since we're stitching together body parts from various live radio sessions from the last X Day Drill.
Starring Dr. Howell, Reverend Susie the Flusie, Priestess Pisces, Princess We Are Doe, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Interspersing those, as always, with edits by NoraPref.com and from the great Mr. Fernando Nani Lemur, as heard here.
Tenet Mysteries.
This is Ellery Queen with a case I call The Lady Spectator.
I had a late call from a philanthropist named Carter who said he had received an old diary that was of great historical importance.
I believe you're lying, I said.
And in a moment, I'll explain.
In the case of The Lady Spectator, he hadn't even heard of the skater's walls.
Listen again to Ellery Queen's...
That body is not dead.
It has never lived.
I created it.
I made it with my own hands from the bodies I took from graves, from the gallows, anywhere.
I'm sure most of you saw the Bobtism where the new subgeniuses were washed clean and made new unto Bob.
Did you see what the water looked like afterwards?
Man, it was terrible.
That's what they have filters and chemicals for.
And aren't you glad the senior citizens we're going to bring in for the Bobtism?
I can tell you in all honesty that after a church of the subgenius ritual, that pool only looks a sort of a light reddish brown.
But after a church of all worlds ritual at Starwood, which goes on for hours, it looks like black sludge.
Well, they bring in the earth.
Being honest, horny-handed sons of the soil.
They bring in a lot of soil with them.
Yep.
A lot of sins to be washed away.
A lot of clogged sewers.
And their ritual isn't funny.
I've spied on the church of all worlds Bobtisms in the pool where they share water.
They're water brothers.
The only ones laughing, me and Bob Mosick, as we peeked over the edge watching that ridiculous charade.
And it goes on forever, Al.
Basically every other religion's charades.
Charades are ridiculous in a way that is not seemly to Bob.
Ours, we try to keep ours ridiculous in a way that Bob finds pleasurable.
And because we run down other religions doesn't mean that we say that we have all the answers, nor do we claim that we know everything.
That's what separates us from the others.
We don't need to know everything.
We're subgeniuses.
We need only to know our own genius.
Anything else is gravy.
But when did God ever say we were important enough to know why the universe is here?
I'm just trying to remember where I hid my frop.
Right. We're not Bob.
That's for Bob to know and us to guess about.
It leaves some mysteries open.
Think how awful it would be if they had Loch Ness monsters in aquariums.
They wouldn't even be monsters anymore.
Think of all the dirty gangly in the pool.
Someday if the conspiracy works, we'll be able to find them.
If the conspiracy takes over, friends, there'll be stuffed yetis in the Natural History Museum.
I found a yeti in the SkyMall calendar.
I did too. I saw that.
It's a garden gnome version of Bigfoot, a la the Roger Patterson movie.
They're trying to get the pinks used to the idea that yetis may soon be shambling through their gardens.
Have your own garden yeti, it said.
And they're making a bundle on these artificial yeti statues.
Or it could be like those statues of owls which they put in gardens to frighten away birds that might do damage to the plants.
Put a statue of a yeti in the backyard and it'll drive pinks far.
Next they're going to be doing squids.
And they're going to make us so sick of squids we won't want to fuck them anymore.
And then where will we be?
You were the only one who wanted to fuck squids all the time anyway.
We have photo documentation.
Of course you had your dalliancees.
Who wouldn't want to fuck squids?
They're so rubbery.
Dave's a city boy. He didn't grow up quite the same way we did, Susie.
You guys grew up on a farm?
The only peri-squid that Dave ever saw was a dad wrapped up in cellophane in a supermarket.
Or those misleading Hanna-Barbera squidly diddly cartoons.
Once you get squid-squack, you never go back.
Good question.
I think this тан add just the right phrase for it.
At least for now.
And the last self written statement on the ceiling says that...
Get out.
Gee, Lexi!


Listen again to Ellery Queen's...
Speaking of the cat in the hat,
the vulcarding child, one of the uber babies...
Yes?
...says that I am Dr. Seuss.
She doesn't talk a lot,
but she took one look at me and said that that's Dr. Seuss.
Well, that is indeed an intellectual and intuitive leap.
Theodore... what was his name?
Geisel.
Geisel.
Theodore Ted Geisel.
He was a subgenius,
and he knew the conspiracy would totally screw his material.
And as long as he lived,
he never let Hollywood touch his crap,
unless Boris Karloff was going to be associated with it.
But as soon as the great Dr. Seuss died,
and his wife was hard up for money,
sure enough, the next thing you know,
Jim Carrey has his Hollywood pecker stuck in the pot.
Not just him.
Wrecking it forever for all future generations of kids.
That's why we've got to get off this planet
before any more Dr. Seuss stories are filmed.
Yeah, they're even corrupting Dr. Seuss,
but it wasn't so much Jim Carrey as that other guy.
You know, Austin Powers.
Mike Myers produced an extremely blasphemous cat in the hat.
I didn't even want to say that name.
Yeah, well, I'm sorry.
I'm simply saying it in the interest of being complete.
But it is not entirely...
It's entirely true that Hollywood ignored Dr. Seuss
because he was able to let one great proto-subgenius
interpret his works.
This isn't much known today,
and that is Bob Clampett,
an angel of light who walked this earth years ago.
Price, another Bob.
He was utterly great.
It was my privilege to know him for a brief time.
No!
Yes, I...
You knew Bob Clampett?
I knew Bob Clampett very well,
and he...
He knew me,
and I can't sing his praises enough.
He was indeed a proto-subgenius, Stang.
You would believe it
if you'd ever spoken to him for a short time.
And his cartoon of Horton Hears a Who...
Not Horton Hears a Who,
Horton Hatches the Egg
is a great Warner Brothers cartoon
which should be checked out sometime.
It was approved entirely by Dr. Seuss
the way Clampett interpreted it.
Ah, but it was banned by the conspiracy.
It is generally...
It is censored on TV,
but so are most of the old Warner Brothers cartoons,
which are simply not...
They're too strong for today's
namby-pamby intellect to confront,
and so they don't appear to be about anything much.
Something's about to happen,
and then it fades out,
or it moves to another thing.
And I'm telling you,
some of them are strong stuff.
Clampett himself originated the suicide gag,
as he called it,
and the murder gag,
which ended,
ended a number of these cartoons.
In the cartoon Hair Ribbon,
if you remember this cartoon,
with Bugs Bunny,
a large dog,
the large dog chases him underwater,
and then it becomes one of those strange cartoons
that takes place entirely underwater.
Nobody needs breathe,
but it's underwater.
And so at the end,
in one version of this cartoon,
the dog says,
this shouldn't happen to a dog,
picks up a large gun,
and blasts his brains out.
You can see them,
coming out the other side.
But in the other version,
rare, but also extant,
he says,
this shouldn't happen to a dog,
and Bugs Bunny leaps into the picture,
grabs the gun,
shoves it into his mouth,
and fires it through the back of his head.
More brains are seen coming out.
But for some reason,
they don't think the kiddies should be watching
this sort of thing today,
as educational as it is.
I know it made a profound impression on me.
Anyway, now is not the time to,
to discuss even this wonderful canon
of vanished literature and art.
It's not quite,
the internet still has,
you can still find the banned cartoons on the internet,
but they're about to ban the internet,
as we know it.
As we pirates and bootleggers knew it.
If there's anything to be learned from all this,
is that what one thinks is an eternally available resource,
has only its time to be out,
and then will vanish away,
almost utterly.
Beyond the extent of even the most strenuous effort to retrieve.
So take it advisedly.
Enjoy it while you can.
Make your own copies in multiple media.
And most importantly,
take that mental snapshot,
which is the hardest to erode.
Think of it,
the brain of a dead man,
waiting to live again in a body I made,
with my own hands.
This is a Dan radio.
This is a Dan radio.
Good morning.
Crime and punishment.
True, quite dramatic.
Crime and punishments.
Punishment might well were the justice system criminals.
Would it help?
Help.
Love.
Payback.
Life of crime.
Slack.
Slack.
Love heals.
Move.
Play.
Perpetrator.
Traitor.
Traitor.
Traitor.
High visibility.
Brightly coloured.
Slack.
The El.
Snub-shin-off.
This is Dan radio.
This is Dan radio.
This is a Dan radio.
This is a Dan radio.
This is a Dan radio.
This is a Dan radio.
Good morning.
This is a Dan radio.



And that was a snapshot of the inside of the brain of Nor Elcret.
Speaking of snapshots, friends, what's on the slideshow right now is…
From earlier X days.
X days.
The X days of our grandparents and our…
Well, maybe not our grandparents, but our parents.
They were something, weren't they?
Yeah, that was when we used to hold it in Texas.
Yeah, I remember that.
And that was the Florida X days…
Kelly Everts was.
We won that contest.
Yep.
Friends, oh, there's Phyla.
Remember Phyla's hypno machine?
Yes, we had to pay the local police an awful bribe at that time.
Well, it's good to have these photographic records,
but they can only hint at the fountains of slack which used to flow before.
Brushwood is a nice tucked away place surrounded by unsuspecting Amish and Hutterite farmers.
Little do they know what actually is going on here at the molten core of subgenius understanding.
By the same token, we're not sure what kind of parties they're having either.
Well, that's true.
I've heard that the Amish do know how to have a lot of fun.
Yeah, those butter churn.
They finish that barn raisin.
They churn up a lot of clabber.
Yeah.
But that's, you know, live and let live, I have to say.
Well, you will often, as you wander around Brushwood, this is early in the week, actually.
There'll be more people here on Friday, of course, and Saturday,
and also on the days of Friday and Saturday.
Friday can't handle all of you guys, and neither can Saturday can't handle all you girls.
By the way.
He's a brave man.
But anyway, on those.
On those two days, there should be lots of, well, plus the pagans start showing up, and they're an interesting group to study.
The virtuous pagans.
There's one thing I'll say about the pagans, in which they're very advanced beyond the subgeniuses.
The pagans have mastered fire.
And I often at X Days, I lurk and sneak from camp to camp recording people secretly.
But I've noticed it so often.
The subgeniuses bring the finest liquor.
They have a whole bar set up.
They have the purest frock straight from Amsterdam.
They have a big twister game set up.
But the one thing they never seem to have is any heat at all or shelter.
So friends, I want you to study the pagans if you can.
Learn how it is that they get that flickering, burning fire under control.
We need to know these things.
Well, I think.
It's very simple.
You follow the alchemist's original plan for making fire.
All you have to do is build your fire in the shape of a pyramid.
That's what fire wants.
Don't throw flat things on glowing coals.
Erect a little teepee out of kindling and make sure that whatever else you have piled
up forms the pyramid shape, the triangle with the point at the top, as in all alchemical texts.
And you'll have a fire.
Otherwise, you'll just have a lot of smoke and frustration.
These pagans have been building fires a long time and tending them, tending the fire, that
vestal duty is of extraordinary importance.
If your fire gets out of control, cremora is a good chemical to throw on it.
Or aerosol cans, lighters, things like that.
Some sort of chemicals that make it burn green and blue like a witch's oil.
These things all add to the ecstatic effect.
It's the ecstatic enjoyment of the moment.
But not being able to make a fire, that is a disgraceful backsliding from the wisdom
and ways of our Neolithic ancestors.
And boy could they ever nap flints too.
We should get to work on napping flints because you never know when all our technology is
destroyed in a self-induced convulsion and we're back on the flint napping ground.
Then the flint nappers will be ahead of everyone else.
That's right.
The loser now shall be later to win for the times they are a changing.
And friends, you should be ready to know how to start a fire.
You may not be able to fire up your gas heater because you can't afford the gas.
You need to be able to manufacture air because they're going to start charging you for every
breath you take.
They're going to find a way to do it.
Every sip of water will cost what gas costs now if the conspiracy wins.
And that's why if by some strange twist of fate the saucers don't lift us away this Saturday
morning, then friends it's up to you.
Are you ready to fill Bob's shoes?
Will you be the next Bob?
The next Brogan.
The next Brogan.
The brain is useless.
We must find another brain.
It's just Bob is what it is.
It's just, it's literally Bob.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.
La.


























Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
Well, we were hearing a very interesting story from Doc Frop the other day
about the discovery of a hidden book written by a 17th century witch,
written entirely in blood and the fabulous price that was paid for it.
You never know what's going to be valuable.
So really, you should treat everything as a potential source of value.
That's what Bulldada is all about.
The things, oh God, I'll never forget the nightmarish estate sale
of the subgenius Steve Checchi, who suddenly died in a car accident.
And I'm sure his last thought was probably something like,
oh no, what's going to happen to all my cool stuff?
And it's a lesson, friends, that you know not the hour
when Bob may meet you in the subgenius hell all of a sudden.
And.
It was interesting because the pinks that came to the estate sale
were all out bidding on his furniture.
They bought up the dinette set and all this crap
and they threw the treasures in the trash.
Ah, yes.
Princess We looked inside the big chemical dumpster
and saw a little cassette labeled ESO.
And we thought, that's it.
This poor guy's family thought he was a devil worshiper
because he had, you know, books.
And we climbed, I climbed into the dumpster and praised Bob.
We fished out all his videos of all the X days he'd been to,
the Cleveland Performance Art Festival,
all the crash worship shows he'd been to.
It was a treasure trove, not that we've had time to look at any of it.
But he labeled them.
That's one important thing about it.
He labeled them all.
It was a poignant moment, though,
because I would.
I would fish things out and go,
I remember when he bought this from us.
Well, also that beautiful torso,
that white statue that's on your mantelpiece at home.
Oh, half my T-shirts came from that guy.
But here's the thing.
The Pink's completely ignored this guy's collection of books,
which was amazing.
And his house was full of them.
But that was all about to just be thrown out,
burned.
And that's what happened.
They burned down some teenagers.
And Princess Wee and I managed to take our pick of the books.
The kids got, I think the kids got the drug books and the sex books.
And we got everything else.
The history and twisted medical journals and so forth.
But, you know, you never know, friends.
You can't take it with you.
But because you're a subgenius, you can get it all back after you've left.
So I want you to now, if tomorrow, if the promise of X Day holds true tomorrow,
don't go to grab the Grand Canyon for your escape vessel,
because I've got dibs on it.
Why don't you tell them?
I could wrap off quite a few things that I've already got dibs on.
Tell them everything.
Because I don't want people fighting me over it at the last minute.
I don't want to show up at the Amsterdam Rijksmuseum and have Doc Frop going,
oh, no, you don't.
Actually, we worked that out.
He's taking the paintings and I'm taking the furniture.
Furniture of kings.
But think about those things, friends.
What about Brushwood?
Do we want to see this lovely piece of land destroyed when we can just as easily beam it up into one of our saucers?
I don't think that its owners ever actually bought a membership,
although they certainly deserve honorary ones.
So, you know, you've got to think about it.
You've got to think about are there unsaved friends and family members or enemies that you want to keep as slaves or sex toys?
You've got to really think about this or you may miss your chance.
I mean, imagine if, say, you go, oh, man, I've got to go pick up that one toy store that had everything I always wanted but couldn't afford,
and some subgenius has just blasted it to cinders out of spite.
Just because somebody looked at them funny in that toy store one day.
There's going to be a lot of that going on.
It may be happening less than 24 hours from now.
These are serious things to think about.
Make your list of wanted sex toys now.
Say there's some bitchy boss that you always thought,
I wish I could lobotomize that bastard, keep him in a cage, and then just fuck their wound every now and then.
You can do this.
If that's the way you're thinking.
You're thinking about it.
There's a certain fifth grade teacher I had.
I'm sure she's dead, but she won't be for long.
She won't be for long, man, because there's a power of muam and those exes, man.
If you've got that $30 membership card in your pocket, you can bring those hated teachers back from the dead
and make them eat that pimento cheese sandwich right in front of everybody and see how they like it.
You know?
I hate to sound peevish and like a person that hangs, but I know we all do it.
And some of you have much longer lists than me.
And I'm going to avoid you because I may be on your list.
I'm full aware of that.
Yes, there are aspects of ex-day that we tend not to keep in mind.
So let's air out our brains with some live music from the Record Bar in Kansas City.
A song by Bob Walkenhorst of the Rainmakers.
This song has been stuck in my head for weeks and I'm hoping to dump it into yours.
The Record Bar
The Record Bar
The Record Bar
The Record Bar
The Record Bar
I heard you telling your friend, ah, he's harmless enough
There's almost nothing you could have said that would have hurt me so much
But how to risk all you've got? Oh, I forget you forgot
For God, are you to see that harmless is one thing?
I'm most certainly not.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
It's hardly ever like you think.
It's so most always like you feel.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
When we were young, we were dancing to a band at the ring.
We were so far out of tune in time, didn't you hear it?
We were the best in the world as far as we looked.
We were certain, I learned it soon.
It was all, it was amazing what they learned.
Twice as good, twice as fast, twice as loud, twice as long.
They were at least twice as good at having such fun.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
Yeah, sometimes the facts can make us hopeless again.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
I was in traffic by a man,
Raving up the crowd, he drives.
He couldn't stay between the lines.
He couldn't read between the lines.
And so I ran him off the road.
The first chance that I got, see.
Harmless is one thing.
I don't have a chance tonight.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
Yeah, sometimes the facts can make the truth is dear.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
It's all fools, oh my dear.
I've been got on in my olden days.
One day struck me blind.
But I can see the forest bottom gnashing sometimes.
Oh, they think that shit's bliss.
I'm the happiest man alive.
I do so want to believe.
I'm so damn good.
Oh, that's what I'm saying.
Sometimes I imagine politics and love
When the evil racist
Mistakes the handshake of friendship
Call the hate shaking fist
It's like the loss of a man
It's a national blame
Why leave no other choice
But to keep in mind that
It's all fools, you're overmighty
It's all fools, you're overmighty
In party and flight
It's your voice on the track
It's all fools, you're overmighty
It's all fools, you're overmighty
It's all fools, you're overmighty
It's all fools, you're overmighty
It's all fools, you're overmighty
It's all fools, you're overmighty
In party and flight
It's all fools, you're overmighty
In party and flight
It's all fools, you're overmighty
It's all fools, you're overmighty
It's all fools, you're overmighty
But you know, religion is complex.
Morality is complex.
Luckily, we don't have to worry about morality or good and evil, only what feels good.
We're like the new age.
There's no, science means nothing.
It's all in what you feel.
Our id is our id.
If you feel like you can heal somebody and they shouldn't go to the doctor,
then they're terrible to go to the doctor.
That's against the new age.
Don't get me started.
I have a question since Dr. Hill may know the answer.
I'll save that for Starwood.
With the, as Stang was talking about this list,
and what we should claim,
should we just think of it very deeply right at 7 a.m.?
Because it would be very difficult to communicate.
Will the exes sort of wire up a hive mind for us to be able to communicate what we got dibs on?
No, they instantly know.
Everything is instantly known.
All fails fall away.
Our intellect should-
They know what you really, really want and what's really inside your head.
Crude blundering is our mental acuity compared to theirs.
It's easy for them to read as it's easy for them to-
for us to read the four inch high scrawls of a kindergartner
on a piece of art on the refrigerator.
Some of y'all may be surprised.
You may suddenly find yourself-
some of you tough guys out there may wake up on the saucer
and you're a beautiful woman.
And it turned out that was really all you really wanted to be.
Oh look, see the eggplant there.
He knows what it's like.
You know?
It's too late for most of us to follow the path of Pope S. Lilith.
The brave subgenius who decided to change bodies before they couldn't wait for the exes.
Two girls making it!
Right.
Pope S. Lilith said,
Watch two girls making it.
Hell, I'd rather be two girls making it.
And actually took Bob up on that.
To denounce hope than just seriously



Awwww.
коrono100 Wear a coat of full-grain clothes.
The mutants must appear The mutants must thrive
The saucers will burn And the darlings will die
The mutants will leave And be found in space
The darlings will perish
On earth
On earth
On earth
On earth
On earth
On earth
On earth
On earth
On earth
On earth
On earth
On earth
An X Day song by Dr. Gary Gbrog, friends. So very lovely.
Now we return to Brushwood, right after I've been spamming
the
live radio audience about my annual online course at MaybeLogic Academy, a course in subgenius history and cult management.
Now get this, one of the students who joined up learned in the course of it that her real biological father was a well-known subgenius.
Terrible.
Dr. Katahdin Lagune.
And I don't see the happy end.
I don't see any new family here.
No, I don't.
I'm looking for Mr. Lagune.
But, uh, she was one of the, and this is something I wanted to tell you all about that course.
She was one of the four people who passed.
There were 40 people who joined that damn course, spent 135 bucks and most of them flunked.
But you know how Reverend Anna Dynamite passed?
She crudely drew her own diploma.
Not even using a pen, using her mouse.
And, uh, that I thought, that showed enough nerve to prove that she really understood.
Another guy passed also by forging a diploma, but his was really fancy.
And he gave me one.
Another one passed by a bribe.
Sent me a book he'd written about Robert Anton Wilson.
But the one who really, and I'm telling you this because I know you'll forget by the time you take the course.
Because you're subgeniuses.
But the one guy who really passed with flying colors was the guy who said, this is all a lie.
You're talking about this Doug Smith guy having to work.
And there was never an Ivan Stanger just flew, breezed through life.
And that Bob is just this piece of clip art as far as you guys really know.
You don't have any more solid evidence of him than that skull of the person that was shot in San Francisco.
In 84.
And a few other things, pipes and teeth and stuff.
And you, this is a lie.
So this whole thing, all of these documents, you hired actors, handsome young actors to play these old subgenius ne'er do wells as young people.
And faked all these graphics and things just to test our faith.
The same way that God put dinosaur bones into the Grand Canyon to test the faith of geologists.
And paleontologists.
And that guy was like, he doesn't need subgenius 102.
He passed subgenius 101.
And the truth of the matter is he realized that the only way to really pass is when you realize subgenius 102 is when you teach the next sucker subgenius 101.
That also works for mysticism 101.
For ye of little faith.
Mysticism 102.
Which actor won?

Which actor was playing you and which actor was playing how?
Well, I don't know.
They hired unknowns.
But they were really good looking ones.
Really?

I was there in the early 80s.
And I don't remember any of us looking that good.
I know I for one was never that young.
That's an actor playing in that old movie.
They cleaned it up in post.
They did?
It's digital redo that they can do now.
I was wondering because the prop production was great.
I mean the glasses that the young stand on.
The glasses that the young actor wore were just impressive.
Well, you have to remember they were trying to make it look 80s style.
You know, it's that Elvis Costello look was big.
Right.
Now you're a...
To many people here, Priestess Pisces is old hierarch.
She's been around forever as long as they can remember.
I'm a spring chicken.
But yeah, to me, to me even Nenslow is a newcomer.
To me actually Dr. Howell is second stage subgenius.
Because I didn't meet you until like 1980.
That makes Dr. Howell an infant instead of genius.
A mere embryo, barely out of the shell.
Still covered with the amniotic fluid.
You can tell the very first ones who were touched by Bob because they all have false teeth and wear wigs and trusses and...
The elders.
...can barely walk.
The Elohim.
They've been exposed to the radiation of Bob directly.
That's why Philo has to wear a mask all the time.
Philo is pretty frightening if you see him up close.
Yeah, yeah, it shows.
It really shows.
His years spent in Dobstown.
Man, there's...
You can see every ass rape on his face.
Philo has to toil in the bowels of the conspiracy to support his multiple families.
Being...
He's the Mormon subgenius.
Yeah, he's the polygamous subgenius.
He actually does have more than one wife.
This is the sun, the moon, the stars, carved images, pictures, icons, dead people, human science, money.
Make yourself useless.
There is no God.
You should worship science or the creation, Mother Nature.
Astrology rules.
We need Buddhists.
When you come like me, follow after sorcerers, witches, mediums, you need to seek homosexuals.
That is good advice for you now.
Please write to me.
I would like to know about you.
Okay.
This program is presented by the Centers for Disease People.
Is your heart trying to die from a heart attack?
New treatments are available today that can save you.
You can kill.
So listen to your doctor and feel short-headed or have chest pains in the arms or shoulders.
Down in Abilene, Texas is Brian.
Hey, Brian.
You're on with the Reverend Ivan Stang.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Hail Bob and hail Connie.
Hail.
Yeah, Connie is Bob's beautiful wife.
Cool.
Yes, I remember the good Reverend mentioning that not enough people remembered Connie and they just focused on Bob.
Not enough people remember which?
Not enough people remember Connie.
Oh.
Well, you got to have some sex in your religion and Connie is pretty cute.
Bob is good looking too, but.
You have to wonder what the kids will look like.
They look like Ken and Barbie.
Oh, yeah.
And neither one of them have sexual appropriate identifying.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, so you don't have to worry about them reproducing too much.
Good thing, yeah.
Bob's head, just his head alone, reproduces fabulously.
The main portrait of Bob actually came from a piece of Yellow Pages clip art that wasn't anybody's copyright or trademark.
It had been used to death at some point in the ancient past and we trademarked it.
And I've seen that thing projected at concerts over.
I've seen it over Michael Jackson's head.
I've seen him, I've seen like a one story high fire breathing three dimensional Bob face sculptures.
We have some real fanatics in this religion.
Luckily, some of them are pretty good artists.
That's a good thing.
And very few of them have been serial killers that we know of.
As far as you know.
Brian?
Yeah.
I joined the church myself.
A couple of months ago and it's an honor to meet Mr. Stang, Reverend Stang, excuse me.
Right, that's Reverend Stang.
That's Reverend Stang.
Yeah.
I didn't spend six weeks at Dobbs Town University.
Of course not.
I didn't go to college for nothing.
How is Princess Wee, by the way?
Oh, Princess Wee is my wife.
Oh.
She is sound asleep.
She's much better.
You see, I'm speaking from Cleveland Heights, Ohio and it's 3.30 in the morning here.
Oh my.
So she's, I'm married to her.
She's a princess from outer space.
Cool.
Right?
And I actually have a really happy marriage.
There are such things as happy subjeans.
Well, I've heard of it.
Yeah, that's her official title, Queen of All the UFOs, if I remember correctly.
That's right.
Yeah, she is the queen of all the UFOs.
Unfortunately, being unidentified, we don't know which UFOs they are, so we can't figure out which is her home planet.
And although she should be weighted on the moon.
She's weighted on hand and foot by handmen and footmen.
Instead, she has to go to work like everybody else.
I'd worship her.
I'm still waiting to get an autographed picture of Princess Wee and stick it up on my altar and bow to her three times a day.
Wow.
Oh, it's great to know that we've got stalkers out there.
That's great.
No, no, no.
All the way in Cleveland, eh?
I just want a picture.
I'm not going to stalk her.
He's just a worshiper.
He's a faithful, loyal worshiper.
Well, like I said, there was a time when the Church of the Subgenius was all a bunch of lonely, nerdy guys with glasses.
And we gradually changed that by lying and saying there were lots and lots of girls.
And by golly, it finally happened.
And now some of our, like for instance, out in Atlanta, Reverend Susie the Floozy has a weekly radio show on a college station.
And there's...
The Connieites, we call them.
These are the women's auxiliary, you might say.
Women's sewing auxiliary at the church.
As they were, yeah.
We borrowed a lot from the Masons.
Really?
Well, you know, they secretly control the universe.
I've heard that, yeah.
And so we figured, you know, they had...
They must be doing something right.
Yeah.
And...
All those cool uniforms they wear.
Yeah.
Yeah, they all...
Yeah, and they have some great initiation stunts and so forth.
We've tried to borrow from them.
And of course the secret names business, the whole secret society thing.
Right, yeah, right.
I like that too.
Except you're not a secret, I mean.
And the good Reverend will be getting an order from me in a couple of weeks after I get my tax return, getting you three Bob books.
Cool.
That's right.
There are three.
We have the Old Testament, the New Testament, and yet the Third Testament.

And the Third Testament, all right.
Well, the new one is the Cyclopedia of Slack, the Bobliography, and that's the latest one.
But the basic one is called the Book of the Subgenius.
If you Google subgenius and spell it correctly without an O, you'll suddenly know everything.
You'll know all you need to know and then you'll wish you didn't.
See?
It really sucks you in.
Yeah.





















I haven't had a real job since the 90s.
Praise Bob, it's been play for pay for over a decade now.
By the way, the collages before that were by Norrell Preff and the background music here is by Speed Cave.
For more information about this show, the Hour of Slack, including archived MP3s and podcasts and so forth, and about our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs, see subgenius.com.
Okay, good.
Now give me a little smile.
Come on, now.
Okay, I'm not used to smiling.
Can I see something about this reflective surface?
Yeah, it appears to be mercury, doesn't it?
I reflect too much.
Except mercury is liquid at this stage.
I reflect too much.
I have too much in sight.
Okay, so I have to make sure I'm not walking around in this, you know, in this, you know,





No, that's not what I'm talking about.
What worries me is that it's reflecting everything but us.
I need more outside.
I reflect too much.
I hate to be the one non-scientist that picks the sub-guards.
I reflect too much.
One could self-reflect oneself into a grave.
Dig your own grave and save!
One could self-reflect oneself into a grave.
Snap into a daydreamer.
Snap into a daydreamer.
Snap out of it!
Never get out.
Never get out.
Never get out.
Stop eating.
Stop drinking water.
Snap out of it!
Stop moving.
Stop living.
Never get out.
Now to pull this predator in close.
Spring entry.
Never get out.
Never get out.
Get out.
Okay, whatever.
Go!
Go!
Get out of here!
We're out of here, friends.
That was Phineas Narco of NationalCynical.com.
Where you can get a lot more Phineas if you want.
Christ Bob.
Feeeeeble.
Feeeeeble.
Welcome to eternal good news of hell.
We need punishment.
The righteous receive eternal everlasting punishment.
Instantaneous non-existence.
It is not punishment.
Go to hell.
Cease to exist.
Day and night, forever and ever.
There.
There.
What will happen sexually, my friend, please do not cut it off.
D-E-M-O-N-O-K.
Have a good eternity.
