When will you believe?
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Materialized.
The first step is that you make the art.
The second step is that you...
you mail the art somewhere.
And then...
You destroy the art in the mail.
So that's the key.
Make the art, destroy the art, claim the art.
You will make much more on that art piece than you would have in any other way.
Don't you think it would be a good idea for you to turn the radio on?
Yes.
If you'll turn the machine on...
Well, it is a beautiful world out there, all right.
Take, for instance, the city of Chicago earlier this month.
It was filled to overflowing with Wookiees, Warlocks, and Japanese robots
as thousands flocked to the annual World Science Fiction Convention
at the Hyatt Regency Hotel.
But at the cheaper hotel across the street,
a group of people too weird for most science fiction fans to comprehend
were holding a little convention of their own.
These wackos call themselves the...
First Church of the Subgenius.
And they include in their, to say the least, eccentric membership...
Bob.
Bob Bob.
Bob Bob Bob.
Bob Bob.
Who do they believe in?
A mysterious character named Bob.
Let up your pipe, let go the smoke.
This is slack, it ain't no joke.
Prisby to Bob, lift up your drink.
And you will pay to know what you think.
But he ain't no man, he ain't no god.
I don't wanna walk the path Bob tried.
He ain't no man, he ain't no god.
I don't wanna walk the path Bob tried.
I don't wanna walk the path Bob tried.
I don't wanna walk the path Bob tried.
Wow, there's so many colors.
This was the last thing I expected to hear,
because by then we were well aware just how limited
was the number of different sounding synthesizer timbres.
Yet somehow we had pulled a rabbit out of the hat, so to speak,
and created an illusion even good enough to fool Bob,
who knew his instrument very well.
Even now, there is no man alive who believes more devoutly than I do
that they must not reproduce.
They must not reproduce!
They must not reproduce!
This is the beginning of the end of the world.
A world that has no end.
A world that will never be interrupted.


A world that is still.
A world that will never be forgotten.
Welcome ladies and gentlemen to...
...The...
...The...
...The...
...Dream Monitor.
Music.
Circle.
In.
...In.
...In.
...In.

...In.
...In.
...In.
...In.
...In.
...In.
...In.
...In.
...In.
...In.
You should just be talking into consciousness now...
...and you just wanna keep still while you warm up.
...and you just wanna keep still while you warm up.
Assuming the system doesn't cut in on us...
Assuming the system doesn't cut in on us...
...it ought to take about three minutes from...
...now.
Excuse me.
You heard him.
about how Mighty Mouse was indicted for sniffing cocaine, I suppose.
Yes.
Now, so did...
It's just the sort of thing that we're all so used to in here in the 80s.
Yes, it's the 60s all over again, only more of it.
Yeah, Mighty Mouse, little lights.
And it's all here, available on the show.
Everybody adjust your minds.
Relax and float down the street.
It's showtime.
It's time for that show that's for kids from six to 60.
Dr. Philo Drummond is our guest.
Yes, we have Philo Drummond at the end.
We can't hear Dr. Philo.
Dr. Philo, over here.
Yes.
Oh, we can.
Oh, never mind.
It doesn't matter.
Nothing matters anymore.
Am I here?
Well, what's your question, caller?
Well, I was just wondering...
You thought Ivan Stang was going to give a better show than we do, huh?
Well, I'm not sure.

Is that what it boils down to?
Well, you know, you don't have to kid me in a corner about it.
Where's the kill button here?
No, no.
Where's the kill button?
It's right over there, doctor.
There, that should teach these callers what happens when they get too big for their butchers.
I was just kidding, caller.
I don't...
Too late.
Sorry about that.
You snuffed him.
He's gone.
I was just looking around and hit that button.
Well, you just looked at him and he blew up.
I want to clear...
I don't want anybody to think there's any rivalry between Reverend Stang and myself.
Oh, no.
No, no, no.
But, uh...
I don't know.


I mean, there's only so much I can say.
My lawyers really caution me not to say very much about the situation because it could
be damaging in the upcoming situation.
I won't refer to it or really lead you on as to think it could be anything more than
that.
Meow, meow, meow.
Meow, meow, meow.
Look, that one's spraying over the show.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.

















I'm not taking your円.


atmosphere so sterile of mental stimulation that the child's mind just doesn't grow.
Well, I won't have that.
We're trying to help people here, not make more basket cases.
Now we hear Dr. Philo.
Now we can again.
Yes, our guest.
This year, for a solid year of shows.
You listeners don't know how lucky you are.
And going into infinity.
How he was forced into sex aboard a flying saucer.
And about the result.
We'll be seeing the film of that sex is right.
Ouch.
Recently at my local newsstand, I pervaded a magazine and said Elvis Presley is alive
and the sightings have begun.
Are these the sightings that were spoken of in the book of the clone Elvis?
Those are indeed those self-same sightings.
Yes, there's a spore of Elvis.
A smelly trail that we've been following.
Actually, he's in Minnesota from what I understand.
The weekly world news indicated that he was found in Minnesota.
He has gone completely bald, which was somewhat dismaying.
Only from a...
Onto a vital world.
What's going on?
Some may learn faster than the severely retarded, but they are all under retardation.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Who is that baby?
There he is.
He's just a tiny little baby.

dov, don't vocalize.
He's in corrid.







Outro?

Oh, nobody copies us.

belum nonmo.
Now I wet my pants Time is 6BI 0TB
Entry of Noah Safar

0TB
0TB

nuclear reactor. Here we pull out the control rods and the graphite blocks do
an inadequate job of absorbing the neutrons which spin out at a kinetic end.
Spinning backwards creating friction, reverse friction. And causing this local
time distortion. Causing the phases to actually burst and fire.
Changing economy, one thing's for sure, sales people must be able to deal with all kinds of customers.
All else equal, stand the best chance of hitting your sales target.
There is another world. We are not then alone in our battle.
In a country where freedom of religion is guaranteed by the Constitution, anything is likely to develop.
Enter the Church of the Subgenius.
The second question is what's happening? Is this a miracle? What kind of a miracle?
Is this a parable?
What's the point? Is this a letter? What's the big idea? What's he trying to communicate?
The Church of the Subgenius is what you might call disorganized religion.
We have to make clear from the beginning that we are not really the founders.
We were just hired to promote the word of our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Okay, that then brings me to this. It is the Subgenius Foundation is the publishing and PR firm of the Church of the Subgenius.
So would you tell me then what is the Church of the Subgenius?
Bob founded the Church mainly to help unmask the conspiracy.
And we're talking about the conspiracy, the one behind the other conspiracy.
Hear, hear! If you have no goggles, turn away!
We know that we've got to have those instruments. They're our only chance.
Dear friends!
God in his wisdom put microbes on the earth to give us head colds and to protect us from Martians.
Dear, dear friends.
You...
Excuse me, dear friends.
Beg your pardon, dear friends.
Oh, go ahead.
No, dear friends. You go ahead.
Oh, no. No, dear friends. Let me step aside.
No, no.
Oh, dear, dear friends.
Oh, go ahead.
Oh, my dear friend, I know you've had bad times.
And troubles. And troubles, friend.
Yes, yes. Worried brows.
Burrowed. Burrowed and worn with care.
Burrowed hips. Burrowed thighs.
Thighs covered with the grooves of care.
Ah, it is indeed a sad state.
Oh, indeed. California is its name, friend.
And here we are.
First show on our show. How much show do you want in that, uh... What's that?
How much show do you want?
How much show do you want here?
Oh, I'll take, uh... I'll take two of them.
Pass that show over here.
If Mighty Mouse can do it, so can we.
Hey, caller. Want some show?
I think you have my father there.
Oh, no. That's who this guy is?
Well, you mentioned something about an alien, some sexual experience.
Oh, yeah. Alien sexual experience.
Now, come on. We're none of us that alien.
I'm convinced I am the, um...
You're my daughter?
Yeah.
If she were my daughter...
Daddy!

Daddy!
Hi, daughter.
I know. I was just listening on tetanus speed.
Have you had your tetanus shot?
Yeah, have you had it?
What a wonderful thing.
You know, that's what I sent you out for 12 years ago, and you never returned.
Was that why I was left in Kingston?
Well, I don't know where you actually ended up, you know?
I mean, it was up to you to get out there and get that tetanus shot.
Well, you're the one that dropped me on the planet.
I wouldn't have done it if you hadn't, uh...
You dropped her on the planet, Steve.
Are you the one that was screwing them out, the alien?
Look, those are some aliens over there.
I think we may have a, um, an actual, um...
It's what we call a contactee.
It's either a contactee or it's a total...
Did you say sex aboard a flying saucer?
Yes, according to the...
Isn't that what you said?
Whoops, uh...
You said it first, and I think I'm the, uh...
the, uh, outcome of your experiment.
You are one of these new race of humanoid-like creatures.
Well, I'm a...
That is... Is that correct?
No, I'm of the old race of humanoid-type creatures.
Oh, the old ones.
They keep sending me back.
It's said that they walk among us.
They go, you don't have to go back, like...
Walk among us. I've had one of those. They're good.
I had three at once one time.
Do you... Does your hair glow in the dark?
Yes, it does. It's so do my eyes.
Just rub some of this under your arms here.
Oh, well, uh...
It feels great.
What's it smell like? I can't see it from here.
It's kind of like... Me neither.
Ice blue secret.
Boy, it sure does work.
It's somebody's secret.
Strong enough for a man, but made for a woman.
Well, I think there's three desperately horny men sitting in an itty-bitty studio over there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
My friends, Bulldada Time Control Laboratories,
in conjunction with the Subgenius Foundation,
in conjunction with Turn My Entire Mind, Soul, and Body Into a Sledgehammer,
Eternally Hammering Against an Anvil of Normalcy,
in conjunction with that thing that had a 7-Eleven for a head...
proudly present the final solution to the entertainment problem.
Ladies and gentlemen, the laziest man in show business,
the godfather of...
the godfather of anti-music,
Mr. Toll the Judge,
the amazing Mr. Me, Me, Me.
My friends, this man needs no introduction.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Jayner device,
alias Jayner Hyperclades.
Come on out here, Jayner. You're beautiful.
Let's have a big hand.
Make my sincerity and humbleness
become the absolute master of the universe.
Surely the cattle must bow to my kindness and mercy,
or heads will roll.
Enlarge me.
You've got to turn to J.R. Bob Dobbs tonight, my friends.
He has the power.
But you cannot run from your own legs, my friends.
How are you going to run from your own legs?
If you use your own legs to run from them with,
where are you going to run away from?
Never thought of that, did you?
You can't run from your own legs.
You cannot swallow your own throat.
You cannot see your own eye.
You cannot think about your own brain.
That's part of the problem.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
because he's stupider than you are.
His face has been mimeographed and put up in more places than yours has.
He smokes more froth than you do.
You cannot hide from J.R. Bob Dobbs.
You cannot hide from God, because he's bigger than you.
He's bigger than all infinity.
He's bigger than all reality.
Help me, somebody.
Preacher, my legs are on fire.
She ain't got no legs.
Pull the lever and down you go.
Enlarge me.
Let me tell you the story of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Bread of man and yet he, he walked with the gods.
He wore a silly grin.
And he smoked.
He smoked a stupid pipe.
He fought the conspiracy every day of his life.
He wove the stench of many a man.
Fathered many children with his mighty glance.
He founded the religion in which we all believe.
Brought us all the slack.
That everybody needs.
Bob was the greatest salesman the world had ever seen.
He could sell the farts after he ate all the beans.
He could sell a pile of sugar to a lonely fly.
All of us who knew him figured he would never die.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
He was a real man and brave.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
He's lying dead in his grave.
Without Bob what are we gonna do?
With a man from wedded ex-comerchant.
Arnold racist stuck in jail when old Nate Bob raised a bale.
But now he's dead so we're doomed.
What to do?
What to do?
He founded the city known as Dobbs Town.
Deep within Malaysia.
It was rarely found.
There he studied forbidden science until that fateful day.
When he came unto his flock in the city by the bay.
Few had ever seen him.
Few had ever dared.
Most had no occasion.
Others just plain scared.
Hundreds came to Frisco for the event of the age.
When the holiest smiling one would step out on the stage.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
He's gonna ruin the world.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
To the left and he looked to the right.
They stepped out with confidence into the ride spot.
You can see it!
All the cheering fans as he strode up to the bike.
It's him!
When the great assassin's bullets sent him to his rural grave.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
The crowd saw their savior had come.
Bob Dobbs, Bob Dobbs.
Was greeted by the flash of a gun.
Without Bob we have blood in a fear.
As we swiftly approach that fatal year.
For in 1998 he would have set the record straight.
But now he's dead so we're doomed oh my dear.
Well this has been the story of J.R.R.
Bob Dobbs.
Some call him Messiah.
Others call him fraud.
I hope that before 98 that the word gets out.
That Bob Dobbs was the only guy we couldn't do without.
The end times are upon us.
And things don't look so good.
Bob Dobbs had the answer but was seldom of us.
We're in a heap of trouble.
Our books are in the red.
There is no joy in Mudville.
Now that Bob is dead.
He's dead!
So we pray to find Jesus.
To do battle for Bob's soul.
We put dog in a pea dog.
For strength that ain't our own.
We pray to he who needs no name.
That we may need no slack.
And we pray to Wotan.
Please send our body back.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Our lives are worse without you.
Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Oh dear what will we do.
Without Bob we are in a time fix.
When the exes come to kill us just for kicks.
If we were not in his grave all these sub-geni would be saved.
But it is so our chances are nicks.
But it is so our chances are nicks.
But it is so our chances are nicks.
But it is so our chances are nicks.
But it is.
But they wrote the script for microbe for Epidemiolaic.


Beauti fact, i forget to tell.
sao that a-
Pバイ.
Wowajlords to this.
Slack.
Slack is something we all need,
and I know that lots of people out there listening right now
are feeling a terrible shortage of Slack.
A shortage that can be enough of.
That's right, that's right.
And we can help them to get Slack.
On this stage in Frisco
Dread doves lay smoking
With eight bullets in his head, man
Dread doves lay smoking
Control your strings, put them to use
Five will be your best excuse
Five for me and five for you
No matter what, a little dove will do
But he ain't no man, he ain't no guy
I don't wanna walk the path Bob tried
He ain't no man, he ain't no guy
I don't wanna walk the path Bob tried
But it's not for, obviously, not for everybody.
I mean, some people, there's gotta be
those that are up in the spaceships laughing
and those that are down below being tortured.
Elsewise, what are the subgeniuses
gonna have to learn?
What are they gonna laugh at?
I mean, we ain't been hatin' for all these years for nothin'.
There's gotta be some kind of a reward.
And so what defines a subgenius?
Well, it's abnormality.
Therefore, there's no definition for a subgenius.
In fact, if there were a typical subgenius,
then that would best be excommunicated real quick.
Hopefully burned at the sink.
Because if any two are alike, one must go.
Or be reprogrammed or deprogrammed.
Either way, bring them back.
So friends, I mean, those of you who really do
are true abnormals, rich or poor, old or young,
hip and groovy and all that,
or just kind of square nerds, doesn't matter,
or whole cowboy types,
don't marry a human, friends.
If you do, don't have kids.
Find that mutant that's meant for you,
and continue to help taint the genetic pool.
I mean, we've got to keep doing that,
or the marching morons are gonna take over.
I mean, subgenius is obviously the word.
It doesn't mean geniuses.
It's anything below.
You know what it is.
God, how can I even try to define these things?
Subgeniuses can't be defined,
but the pink boy out there,
oh, you know the pink boy, the pink girl.
Actually, we call them its,
the little normally warmlies, you know.
They're powerful because of their numbers,
but they're the ones that are stereotypes, friends.
Stereotypes, every one of them a walking stereotype.
The one next to you at work, you know.
Yeah, actually, on most jobs,
the one at the very top is a rogue, unsaved subgenius,
and the janitor is,
but it's the people sort of in between that are,
they're the ones who, they're so dumb,
they have power to destroy the world.
That has nothing to do with the day after.
No, but you don't have much time left.
Your weakness from your catatonic state
changes into a giant bat
that flies away into the night,
seeking the only way out.
seeking the only way out.

Seeking nourishment on which he can survive.
Seeking nourishment on which he can survive.
Human God.
Human God.
If I have to witness this one more time,
I think I'll puke.
One of these mornings
Yeah, don't show us the witness any one more time.
Bob comes creepin' in the room
and remove the entire top of the graveyard.
One of these mornings
Okay, now we're taking the top of the head off.
Don't hurt the president.
Old Man Bob comes creeping in the morning.
One of these mornings,
Old Man Bob comes creeping in the morning.
We find it out in the morning.
My Lord, my Lord,
what shall I do with you?
What shall I do with you?
Oh, little Bob, little Bobby Dog.
Little City Bob.
He's creeping in the rain.
Little Bobby Dog's creeping around the rain.
Now, if that isn't scary, what is?
Creeping down the drain.
But your lawyer won't do you no harm.
What an ugly little Bob.
There's something bad for such a kid.
They need to get off.
Oh, no.
We have a number of very important goals to accomplish together in this first lesson.
Our overall goal, of course, is to get you your all-important first job in radio.
To begin your education in the broadcasting business,
the written text accompanying this recorded lesson
will teach you how radio stations operate
and what will be expected of you in your first job as an announcer.
But before you can get your first job,
your voice must be clear.
You must be trained to a professional level.
As you will see, this involves more than merely strengthening your voice
and increasing its resonance.
In this first lesson, we will teach you how to avoid provincialisms in your speech,
how to correct nasality and other voice faults,
and how to develop a new approach toward enunciation of words.
In this lesson, we will give you your first practice in delivering commercial messages.
We will teach you how to announce from written scripts.
We will discuss the most common mistakes in English,
and how to avoid them.
And we will give you the first of several intensive lessons
in the correct pronunciations of words which are most often mispronounced
and which you will often find in the process of announcing.
Let's begin.
But before we put your voice to work, do your aah and...
I said I wasn't going to rant, but I think this guy's thing...
This is something we just started getting recently.
It's a little news article.
It's a newsletter called Self Reliant Men.
And at first, I thought that it was one of these women-hating magazines
like the International Patriarchy.
But it's not.
The reason I thought that is because the guy who does it is very old.
It's somebody named S.R. Pohasky, retired captain, U.S. Marine Corps.
And he's like 70 years old.
And it's called Self Reliant Men monthly newsletter.
He wanted to trade magazines with us.
And ours is like 100 pages long.
And I glanced at his first issue and thought,
it sounds kind of square.
I don't want to offend this nice old man.
So I wrote him back and said, well, I don't think we want to trade exactly.
So he started sending and he was going, oh, no?
And he starts sending...
I mean, this guy, at 70...
Okay, let's see.
The kingdom of heaven is within you, beloved disciples of awareness,
about whom I carry no attachments,
no caring whether you find the first and final.
Or if you fail yourself and do not find the first and final freedom.
Bulk you all in love and respect and agreement
under the terms of your privilege to be slave to time and sex pain staining.
Now, he'll say that again.
Here it is.
And here's his advice to Self Reliant Men.
Wet, wild, and wonderful, as long as it gets plenty of soap and water,
plenty of warmth and dry habitation,
plenty of endless effort from you,
plenty of time to preserve and protect and defend until death do you part.
And she ends up holding onto the bulk of the fortune of the USA.
The merry widow and her devoted and doting time slave.
These are wonderful times, brothers.
Never have the sex pain stainers had so much influence upon what takes place
in all the secret places of business, government, industry, church, education, sports, media manipulation.
Pay no attention to the lunger staining her facade.
You know, on Michelle's
300th investigation, quite frankly, she's finally becoming the widow of a new chair.

we do love them brothers but we must temper our love with pure unadulterated and impossible to satisfy lust
for only by seeing the truth of why you really love her and why you knock yourself out trying to please her
will you start to release
she is a trap she is the bait and she is the trap which keeps us all bound to time
she is heaven on earth with a hell of a pain stain oozing out from between those great scissor legs
now this is a retired U.S. Marine Corps guy
now I realize that you're not going to learn and change your behavior until you feel the truth
so get out there and get all these experiences with love romance and courtship and marriage and infidelity
and wives getting fat and stuff like that there
laughter
laughter
get down and get in there and poke and while you're at it take a poke for old J.C.
laughter
see your savior doing the deed in your imagination with his time toughened pain pole
really working her up to a proper lather hey it can happen
laughter
and then this guy's great and then try to feel things from her side of the quote issue unquote
laughter
God women are hot for sex pain
too because it makes them feel good to weep when they see that moment of truth when some
uh dumps her or steals from her or goes up and dies on her leaving her alone to raise the little mud puppies all by her own
laughter
that's part of her pain stain it is put into her it is put into her female psychorphony to love you you dump
laughter
laughter
laughter
why else do you think they can go out there and expose themselves to that pain stain?


they can't help themselves to all the top gun stupidity that makes up the male psychorphony
laughter
they cannot help themselves anymore than we can help ourselves and that can only lead me to advise us all to develop an attitude adjustment
laughter
and what shall be a proper attitude adjustment for a normal functioning soul brother to his soul sisters
why let's look to our elders brothers let's look to those who have gone before us and have regained for themselves the first and final freedom
let us have for one another an infinite compassion
laughter
that's love brothers so really you know the self reliant men monthly newsletter turned out to be one of those I mean almost threw it away and blew the guy off and it turned out to be one of the best ranting you know I mean that's just this is the clean version
why grace is poured into thy lips huh I guess whatever Christ says those who hear it will find grace won't they therefore God has blessed me with grace

forever
music
the clouds of girls drift across the stage
girls soft and bright girls fast and funny girls with dreamy looks and pouty looks girls with languid smiles and impeded grins girls with unruly bangs and neat velvety chignons
girls with eyes slanted a little and girls with eyes slanted a lot
music
Amid all the girls, one stands out in Twilight's office.
The first city of the future will be built in Sweden.
It will be called Jarfalla, have about 100 residents,
and be accessible by subway or highway from Stockholm just 12 miles away.
No gasoline-powered vehicle will be allowed here.
Noiseless electric minibuses moving at a soothing 20 miles per hour
will pass within 150 yards of everyone's house,
carrying passengers and baggage for free.
Oakshores is a private membership, prisoner of war resort refuge,
now being carefully developed on picturesque north shore of Lake Naciamendo.
Lakeside lots for sale with low down payments,
and no neighbors are excellent long-term buyers.
Yet, dear friends, the man of violence and superior force was not a war lover.
A war lover like General George S. Patton,
whom Monsignor Ike understood, liked, tolerated, and used badly,
is a killer.
And Ike could not be a killer, because he had been raised,
as his mother told a biographer, to choose good.
Yeah, yeah!
And that's where I went. I went to the bathroom, and I had a CAT scan while I was there.
That's right. Every time you go in that bathroom, you get an automatic CAT scan.
CAT scan machine that you use a quarter in back there, you know, it's right behind me.
It's perfectly safe. No more than a very small amount of radiation.
That was fun. It was great.
Oh, I think it's almost done.
That's preserved in the bathroom, too. It's next to the cathode ray machine.
See if that brain is done yet back there. I think it's got another couple of minutes before the alarm goes off.
We call this thinking from the backside of the brain.
The hindbrain, or buttocks of the brain, which often needs to be injected.
The doctors decided to use huge needles whose length is appropriate for the site of injection,
and the deposits of fat on the offending brain.
Not only that, they also need to get thinner bottoms for the subgenius body.
The subgenius body is a part of the body that is the subgenius body.

So they must get thinner bottoms by aerobic training the subgenius way.
Subgenius gluteal aerobics. We leave no stern untoned.
No stern or untended.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Since you were checking BST-2,
why?
The checklist in the accompanying booklet is for comparing us with our competitors.
The
Well, let's stop screwing around.
Oh, yeah.
Please.
I can't say that word on the air.
Would you hand me the screwdriver?
Would you supply the correct word for this sentence?
Certainly.
All right. Oscar does some funny...
What?
I don't think that's...
Thumps.
Some funny thumps?
Yes, yes.
I didn't understand that.
He blank, he smells peanuts.
Oh, he blank, he smells peanuts.
That's right.
He crazy, he smells peanuts.
He crazy, very good, very good, Mr. B...
Yanamoto.
B. Yanamoto.
B. Yanamoto.
Irene Yanamoto.
All right, here's one for you, Mr. Punter.
Okay.
Jack, blank, Oscar for doing tricks.
Uh, Jack...
Oh, I can't say that on the radio.
Oh, you're right.
Spanked.
Spanked?
Ow!
That was the government alternative.
It was just sent in on the heart line, Larry.
Dear friends, your free volume contains these five books.
Great Lion of God by Taylor...
Taylor Godwell.
Bless the Beasts and Children by Sergeant Louis Illuminato.
Kim, a Gift from Vietnam by Frank W. Chinaman.
And I Chose Prison by James B. Bennett.
Hey, when you said Kim, Mr. Armand...
Yes.
...the echo in my life went out.
Oh, that, no.
I was a very strange thing.
I just wondered if that was an incantation or anything.
No, that wasn't.
I was just jiving.
Just jiving.
Yeah, no, I didn't mean nothing by it.
It had no...
No, just because I sometimes say things backwards doesn't mean anything.
Oh, he's doing it again.
He's doing it again.
There's no occult significance.
Oh, there's no occult.
There's...
It's happening.
Anything occult is so out of sight...
Yeah.
...acculted.
That's a bit of an academic joke.
You can't even see it, so it doesn't exist.
That's right.
Who am I?
I'm Dr. IQ.
That's who you are.
That's who you are.



That's right.
Yes, yes, yes, indeed.
It sure is a lot of fun having you on the show.
IQ Eisenhower.
Right.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.



Ike.




Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.

Ike.

Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.
Ike.










Ike.
No.
Well, dear friends, if you don't have shoes that don't fit...
No, if you do have shoes...
If you do have shoes that do fit...
I have an interesting little article here that's in Science Renewal Report about that
that says that the fact that most people in the United States have at least one pair of shoes
that are too tight for them...
I'm not trying to make a value judgment here.
No.
...that are too tight for them is responsible for a third of their sexual fantasies.
Shoes...
That's very interesting.
I don't know what tight shoes has to do with my sexual fantasies.
It's very simple.
It's just a matter of the fact that there are various electrical outlet points at the bottom of the foot
which, when squeezed by an over-tight shoe, will send the chi or the life force into strain.
I wear women's shoes.
Do you want to fight about it?
No, I don't want to fight about it.
I want to give you your opportunity as an individual to...
I don't feel that they give me any kind of sexual fantasy.
I mean, I just wear women's shoes.
Do you want to fight about it?
I think that...
Well, you're wearing a pair of red.
You're wearing a pair of patent leather four-inch heels.
And I think that it does...
That's right.
...place how...
So what?
Your center of balance is off by four inches, man.
You might just as well be...
Nonsense!
Stand up from the bar here!
That poor man.
That's really sad, you know.
People who can't hold their liquor shouldn't come to these bars.
He would have hurt his head, but he had his hard hat on.
That's true.
You know, Dave, this is a good time for us to take a few minutes of time out here
and mention to the folks that the program's coming to them from steel hats.
The sun never sets on a steel hat.
That's true.
That's true.
Steel hat Nebraska is where all of these fine goods are made.
Yes, it is.
And we would suggest that if you are ever in or near steel hat,
a fine little town of 500 on the north...
It's been bought by the Gay Liberation Front, I might say.
Steel hat?
Steel hat?
Yeah.
It's a company town now.
Yeah, there's more of them than there are of them,
and so they bought it from them.
Well, that's sad.
Well, if you're in steel hat and can get with it, you know,
why come by and see the steel hat plant,
because the folks down there will be loving it.
They'll love it.
They'll love to...
And don't miss the demonstration, the steel hat demonstration.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, you get to wear a steel hat,
and they hit you with a sledgehammer.
Oh, right on the head?
Yep.
Oh!
Boy, that's fun.
Do that to me, will you?
Okay.
Oh, tickles.
Do you know that...
You're not even wearing a steel hat.
No, I'm not.
I forgot my steel hat.
Oh, you dummy.
Oh, boy, I'm not so dumb.
I'm Dr. IQ.
Oh, boy.
Ask me a question.
Go ahead, ask me a question.
All right, all right, I have one.
Who can stand but cannot walk?
Standing in our yard,
when the sun comes out, he will go away.
Oh, that's a good one.
That's a good question.
Okay.
Comes from Little Billy.
Yeah, okay, let's see.
Bob...
Mortimer Mole.
Yeah, it's my old friend Mortimer Mole, isn't it?
It's him in the back.
No?
This man is ridiculous.
No, no, that's not...
It's my show, you guys.
All right, all right, all right.
Now, there's an example.
You guys, you announcers can't pick on me.
It's my show.
Mistake, mistake.
I'm supposed to come out looking like this smart guy.
Look, I'm your teacher.
I'm supposed to teach you how to get into radio.
You got a BHD?
I got a BHD.
I got some STP, but we can't use it during work.
No, we can't do that on the air.
You can't even talk about it on the air, please.
Oh, I'm sorry, sorry, sorry.
The voice of your conscience speaking.
It's not trash.
This is...
This is valuable scientific assistance.
Our job as sub is to suck every dime we can.
Hey, that's somebody else's good, buddy.
Hey, get your...
Put your belly in.
In my pocket.
Suck it on my pocket.
If you knew what I'd put in my pocket, you wouldn't be doing that, I'll tell you.
And your mama.
Yeah, I had something in there this morning that was probably...
Let's go over that again.
I got a monster there this morning.
In my pocket.
Yeah.
What kind of a monster?
Greasy, slimy, stinky, sweaty...
And I wasn't glad to see this.

Monsters.
Come, come.
You can't expect us to believe.
That here in the 20th century, why we put a man on the moon.
Well, that's where it came from.
It actually clung to the spaceship on the way back.
And it lived through re-entry.
And then fell into some kind of swamp.
And lived on.
A fetid half-symbol of itself.
Its former glory.
A shambling mound.
Esmerged in the stinky, stinky, sweaty, swampy areas that it fell in.
When it left the...
It was.
It originated as Bob Sock.
But microorganisms grew in it.
But microorganisms in it.
And it became alive.
It gained an...
Toe jam.
Unholy simulacrum of life.
It's like the cellular organisms in the toe jam.
In the right concentration.
With ozone.
At exactly the right re-entry trajectory.
Aligned with the tiles on the spaceships.
Um...
Protected covering.
The grout on the Glomar Explorer's tile became loose.
And upon re-entry.
The Glomar...
The Glomar Gaddafi burned as it re-entered the atmosphere.
The...
That's right.
The jail cells filled together enough energy to deflect the hurtling spacecraft from its no-fated rendezvous.
With the upper atmosphere.
The bodies of the astronauts who died in extreme agony.
Were recovered by the National Recovery Organization.
The things it took to build those basic building blocks of life.
When injected with the right amount of...
Injected into the body.
Super high concentrated...
For the needle of sufficient...
Electrical discharge.
And...
And...
The slight electrical discharge is only static electricity.
And it was unbelievable.
It was just like...
New life.
Based on the toe jam and crustaceans of that old...
Sock.
Those of you out there who have...
You've heard of the Scientologists.
You've heard of the Moonies.
You've heard of the Holy Rollers.
The Snake Handlers.
This is like all of those all rolled into one.
A thousand times worse.
And yet...
True.
With so much...
I mean...
We can save that many more souls.
What about the money?
What about the money?
Uh...
Really now.
Are you guys in this...
Uh...
Cult business just for the bucks?
It's not the money we're after.
It's not the money.
It's really not the money.
It's...
It's...
The soul.
Yeah, it's not the whole...
The entire soul either.
It's just the part of your soul that gets rubbed off.
And the dollar bills say...
The...
The bit of your soul which...
The signature on the check.
Yeah, I think we're being sold a bill.
It's feeling good.
This is a joke.
But it is a very serious joke.
We are the first non-tax exempt church around.
We're the first industrial church.
We want to be proud to pay our taxes.
And let people know...
We're not trying to...
We're not trying to...
We're not trying to...
Escape by on the tax thing anyway.
We don't want to fool anybody.
Isn't it a fact, really,
that you've invented this whole thing?
That you've thought up all these little gimmicks?
And you're taking advantage of a lot of ignorant people
by getting money out of them?
People who believe in you?
And you're...
See, we're not saying anything
that none of these other modern-day,
new-age religious cults aren't saying.
The only thing is,
we're not denying it that we're in it for the money.
And we're not disputing any of your belief systems.
Because we believe in just about every one of them anyway.
Sir, we absolutely believe in everything.
We believe in it wholeheartedly.
You know, Bob's been sorting it out
and sifting through all the different Bibles of everybody
and picking out the parts that apply.
The only thing is,
we believe that it takes,
in this modern-day, a-go-go society,
it takes some semblance of a sense of humor
to delve through all the murky bull
that you're going to get
in the process of seeking the truth
and awareness of the truth.
And we're not denying it.

We're not denying the awareness that you want in your life.
See for yourself if it's all we say.
A trial seminar.
So you can weigh our claims
against your experience.
People can be trained to run it.
When and where you choose.
We don't need a name.
We need a name.
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing.
It's a good thing.
What I really liked was the little turtles
that they painted the backs.
They'd paint the backs
and they'd paint them like different colors
and nobody knew at the time
that it caused a long, slow, painful death
to those turtles to paint their backs that way.
They would have to grow
with the paint on their backs
and the little shells,
the little planks.
plates of their shell couldn't expand properly, causing unbelievably intense pain over the
duration of their entire life. But that was just secondary to the enjoyment that the little
child got, witnessing that struggle for life that that small little reptilian creature
exhibited.
It began innocuously enough with three days of mind-numbing procedural debate and
jury readings of committee reports, like most conventions, all about as interesting as a
mole on the Pope's behind. But at the end of the third day, the First International
Congress of the Church of the Subgenius erupted into a full-fledged riot over the forced resignation
of church leader Reverend Ivan Stang. Involved in the recent no-sex scandal, the cult violence
which left over 35 dead and scores more injured or missing lasted over 36 hours.
Yeah, we finally got rid of that guy. I was glad about that.
None of the dead or injured belonged to the church.
When interviewed about this, several old men stated...
What's that?
How did you get rid of that guy?
How did you get rid of that guy?
Well, it took a combination of perseverance, power, um, personal power, and...
Poison oak?
Poison oak. Yeah, we actually took poison oak. We, we tortured it.
Your subgenius says the only thing we have in common is that we have nothing in common
with the conspiracy.
You serious? The same people busted him?
The same people in the movie industry.




It's fixing to bust you.
The folks that run this country is that handful of manipulating white folks and none of them
live in California.
This is a trick out here.
All of them live in that northeast corner of the United States.
the movie industry
the movie industry don't do nothing but make the trick
the big money comes from back east
and three families back east
control 85% of the movie houses
television
you serious television ain't nothing but
to manipulate you
and they got you believing it's for entertainment
you see it's not for entertainment it's to rip off your head
and those of you that's silly enough
to have one of them television sets in your house
especially around your children
you better read a book called Subliminal Subduction
and see what really be going down with them television sets
America the beautiful
anytime a dude want to tell you how beautiful his wife is
or someone want to tell you how handsome their husband is
they married to some ugly folks
anytime you got to tell about
man I got some of the prettiest children
something wrong with them
because beauty is not nothing that have to be discussed
beauty speaks for itself
and we got to run around singing songs about how beautiful America is
America ain't never been beautiful
never been beautiful
and somewhere it takes a small amount of intelligence to understand
that anytime you got a system
that we got to go all over the world trying to ram this system
down people's throat with a gun
something wrong with it
because anything good you don't have to force on people
they will steal it
and if you don't believe it
one night before you go to bed
take some diamonds and put outside the house
and next to it
put some doo-doo
then go to bed
when you wake up in the morning
see which one going to be gone
and if you want that doo-doo removed
you're going to do the same thing we're doing
all over the world
you're going to take a pistol and say
get that doo-doo
the cat's going to say
oh I woke up this morning wanting some doo-doo
thank you very much
y'all live in a country where you silly enough to say
oh yes we have a freedom to vote
you serious
they don't even play games with you
they tell you when you come out and vote in November
that don't count
the president is not picked till December
by a group of electoral colleagues who are going to vote for him



these are most of y'all don't even know who them punks are
we have a freedom of speech
try it
yeah try it
try to pick on somebody other than poor folks
try it and see what happens to you
in his dead ninja's eyes
when Trent dance like Smokey
in his great t-shirt
Trent dance like Smokey
piss your money away
there won't be no any day
Bob will sell you all the sun
he's on line with Jehovah one
but he ain't no man
he ain't no god
don't wanna walk the path Bob tried
he ain't no man
he ain't no god
I don't wanna walk the path Bob tried
and we don't want that to happen
the central of many
the lord said
behold the behemoth
USS behemoth coming about
this is Jacksonville
yes the strength of his loins
is of that of a caterpillar tractor
his thighs are like back holes
and the great strong gentleman
just at about this time
a solar storm is hitting the earth
unparalleled magnetic frequency
it doesn't really mean anything
giant sunspots are causing a bombardment of the upper atmosphere
by an increase in the ultra-low
from nothingness into this big bang
and then everything is accelerating away from itself at the...


at a rate of speed that was produced at that primal big bang
and here we are now
in fact radio transmission may be affected
like we talked about earlier
just a little speck in the nanosecond of the...
but we got most of this show out
minute of space time
and the longer you let the universe ferment the better it becomes
mmm yum
taste the universe
it's quite true ladies and gentlemen
the shows after us may not be receivable
is that my show?
because there is a solar storm and it started now
have friends you can get more information
if you dare
come on in
push open that vault door
walk into that church
it's easy you can do it by mail
yes just write us a postcard
and I'm gonna give you that address
get ready
just drop us a line saying
dear sirs please send us information about your church
go ahead do it
here's the number
Bob write to Bob at
P.O. Box 140306
Dallas Texas 75214
go ahead
I'll do that again
Box 140306 Dallas Texas 75214
hehehehehehehehe
you'll be surprised
you'll be real surprised
you can't second guess us Bob
you can't
we're always staying one jump ahead
is Bob saying like Heisenberg did forty odd years ago
that we can never know what the hell is really going on?
I think not
Bob however is cognizant of the fact that besides the shabby little lies we feed ourselves from day to day
as we struggle to cope with techno-boredom
we're all being force fed a gross problem of our truths
sensationalized statistics and downright propaganda
by a vast monolithic network operated by and for the conspiracy
they are pulling the wool over our eyes
constantly
I might point out that a lot of people worry about the one world government
that the conspiracy is trying to get across on us
and we suspect that the only thing that can fight a one world government
is going to be a one world religion
and of course that's what the subgenius
the church of the subgenius is here for
the church of the subgenius is surely the church of the future
or at least what's left of it
the world as we know it will end in 1998
but Bob will have to fight
and we don't have to worry about that
if we do
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
Bob
alone. Oh, here they are now, the miracles of the Old Testament, and all these and more
are so inextricably interwoven in the invisible background war between Jehovah and the exes.
Here we see Conan the Barbarian. Yes, it's true. The subgenius convention is in a hotel
in Chicago at this very moment. They cannot get into the hotel. It started off as an innocent
convention. It has turned into the last holdout of the subgenius. No, look, if you're going to get
through this.
