Oh, yes, dear friends.
This is Hour of Slack, number 131, coming up.
Big show, number 10 billion and three, going down.
And this is KNON 89.3 FM in Dallas, Texas.
UPI, Washington, D.C.
The subgenius tough talk in the besieged city of Dallas this week
has been backed up by an impressive display of religious might,
as some 50,000 devotees of the martyred Texas guru J.R. Bob Dobbs
staged, quote, peace games, unquote, just outside the nation's capital in nearby Virginia.
Despite the scope of the cult's show of strength,
a series of exercises codenamed Dinosaur Doom,
U.S. Pentagon,
spokesperson stated that they do not believe that it presaged
an imminent intervention in national affairs by the renegade religion.
U.S. Pentagon, spokesperson stated that they do not believe that it presaged
Well, there once was a man
The world's greatest salesman
The world's greatest salesman
And he had this man
Who followed the plan
To keep the shackles from our feet
And I am all right
He's gone
A martyr for the cult
For the final
And it's coming again
Who knew that the first son
Was gonna be the last one
To fight his own death

He's got a heart that's white
The gas smoke all through the night
And I'm going to hate me
Be hurt
You know good
He's gonna squirt me
On the ground
And he's coming again
Yeah!
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to another hour of slack.
I hope you can.
Drain some slack out of this one.
We have a lot of news coming up.
All kinds of weird, weird news from the church of the subgenius.
All praise God.
Emotions will calmly and willingly surrender each and every negative pattern
In exchange for the positive moods and feelings of happiness, health, love, and peace.






And security.
What is the law?
Not to endlessly interminate the law.
That is the law.
Are we not men?
What is the law?
Not to endlessly interminate the law.
That is the law.
Are we not men?
Yeah.
Um, anyway, we create special effects with an Ultimac computer.

A color tone brain wave synthesizer.
You may have been reading about those lately.
They're illegal.
They trigger a total physical separation by stem cleavage of the left and right brains.
That's cerebral mitosis to you science fans.
Creating a forebrain-hindbrain sync lock.
If you can dig on that.
And that's the whole reason for this show to exist.
This is a brain-based show.
And what happens is you end up with two different voices going at once.
And it's very difficult.
And you have to follow them.
Unless you listen very, very closely.
And in headphones, which we highly recommend.
Well, dear friends, don't you know that Jimmy Swaggart's gonna be back on the air live in one hour?
I cannot tell you what stations that you might be able to pick up.
But yes, that mighty man is gonna be back.
Now last week, or earlier this week I should say,
they repeated a TV special about Jimmy Swaggart.
And at the end, viewers could call in and vote whether they thought Swaggart should be allowed back on the air.
And the votes were then tallied.
And, uh, well it was a little different.
Last time, almost everybody voted against him.
But this time, only like, well, Will and I were arguing over it.
I can't remember whether it was the majority that voted for or against him.
But an awful lot of people didn't think he should be on the air.
But an awful lot of people didn't think he should be on the air.
And I'm not allowed to keep on preaching.
And friends, that disgusted me.
And friends, that disgusted me.
I don't believe in censorship whatsoever.
Except in the case of child pornography.

Those who exploit children should not only be censored,
but tortured on live TV, if you ask me.

Otherwise, friends, I don't think anybody should be told they can't print their rants
Otherwise, friends, I don't think anybody should be told they can't print their rants
or buy airtime on mass media.
Not even Christians and Communists!
Not even Christians and Communists!
I'm saying I don't buy YouTube.
I don't wanna read fucking Supreme Court records
I really, really hate it.


I'm not claiming he has any experience in the jest
I'm not claiming he has any experience in the jest
I'm not claiming he has any experience in the jest
college old fucking film
his real and honest,
through out the state
college used to be the convenient and most
college used to be the convenient and most
conservative prison
conservative prison
酸
comp
Well, he's homophobic for sure, and he hates Catholics, but he's, as far as I know, he's never come down on Jews or other ethnic minorities particularly.
You can call and correct me if I'm wrong on that.
In fact, you can call 823-7490.
823-7490 here at KNON.
And speak to the will of Dobbs.
Dobbs. Not Dobbs himself, just one of many aspects of the will of Dobbs.
But this particular one is the real will of Dobbs.
Now, regarding Swaggart, I don't believe in the devil myself, but I do believe that people can let their evil side possess them.
And I don't think that, I really don't think that's happened with Swaggart to the extent that it did with the others.
I don't think there's anything wrong with wringing money out of ignorant old hares.
You know, if spending money on fairy tales is their idea of slack, then let them do it.
I mean, I'd be out of a job myself otherwise.
I just think it's a real shame that Swaggart has to belong to a religion where it's illegal to masturbate.
In the subgenius church, friends, it's almost illegal not to.
But at any rate, he's, I guess, the one big-time preacher left who can still preach,
but now he cannot claim a...
holier-than-thou attitude any longer.
The subgenius must have slack, and Swaggart must have his pulpit.
Besides, there isn't another preacher worth imitating.
You'll notice that all the pink radio morning comedy DJs all do Billy Graham takeoffs.
Oh, wow, real piercing satire, huh?
They all mimic Billy Graham, and why?
Because they're a bunch of atheists!
Why?
None of them ever studied religion enough to know the Buddha from Muhammad or Billy Graham from Gene Scott.
And the only thing worse than a Christian or a communist is an atheist,
because they alone cannot believe in that man, Bob.
They cannot truly believe!
They know not that mighty religious urge
that's just one step below the...
final...
HUAH!
the final...
pfft!
the final...
squirt.
Oh, no, no, they're materialistic!
They want no part of the mysteries.
They want to think they know everything.
Well, I'm here to tell you atheists right now, you don't know nothing!
And neither do I, but I wish I did!
For if I could truly know nothing, then I would be like that man J.R. Bob Dobbs!
Besides which, I have no idea.

I don't think anybody should really feel threatened by fundamentalism these days.
Uh, you know, Pat Robertson's rather embarrassing run for the presidency illustrates that.
Unless you're a member of a minority group, or any non-Anglo race or background,
then you should feel threatened by the fundamentalists, because at worst they hate you, and at best they fear you.
But I'm not going to get into my race rant tonight, friends.
I've been working on one for two years, but I have to be very careful about how I do it, or else it'll start a riot.
All the Caucasians would be rounded up and put in camps if I did my race rant now, and I'd be included!
So...
I just don't know, I just don't know.
I wonder how long, with all of this silliness and madness, will you fail to see what is about to happen...
in this country today?
Hell, y'all scared of Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan didn't win that last election.
That was a CIA computer rip-off, and anybody that got any intelligence at all knows they ain't never invented a machine...
that can tabulate an election that fast for a nation this fast!
They got you people in California talking about, they figured it out before your poll, they figured it out before the polls was closed in New York!
And it don't take too much intelligence to know when you're dealing with one of them computers, whatever you feed into them, you're not going to get it.
And if you don't get into it, that's what is going to feed you back.
And they have such a blatant hatred for you, they won't even try to trick you, because they don't have to.
You went to bed on Monday night before the election, with all the polls showing it too close to call, and then woke up the next day into a landslide.
Las Vegas hotel just catching on fire, the last one on the eve of the Frank Sinatra hearing.
And they told us that...
all four fires in the Las Vegas Hilton would sit simultaneously on four different floors at the same time,
and then the next day Cronkite wants to tell me one man's arrested for sitting all four fires.
And then he explains it to me, that he was having a homosexual act, but he wasn't one.
Yeah, he said he on the eighth floor, having a homosexual act.
And he lit this reefer.
And the reefer exploded.
And Cronkite explained that with a straight face.
I thought at least he'd wink when he got through with that lie.
I'm so damn glad Cronkite ain't on the air no more, I don't know what to do.
Because Cronkite didn't bother me, you did.
Every year, Americans decide that Cronkite is Mr. Integrity.
It don't take much to be Mr. Integrity in a nation full of snakes.
That's the truth, friend.
What are you comparing him with?
That's why most of y'all can come off good.
You compare yourself with what?
One of the filthiest, slimiest, degenerate nations that's ever been put together in the history of this planet.
What?
That's what the whole game's all about.
Well, that's Dick Gre...
That's what the whole game's all about, so I wonder how long...
Dick Gregory.
How long will you sit by and let that greed play that game?
But we'll pop out of that one, because we've got some news here.
Yeah, that Dick Gregory...
I think Gregory's stuff is kind of dated, but man, what a ranter.
Well, I wish I could play the whole thing, but technically it was done by another radio network.
But I don't think Dick would mind.
Imagine a Bob without a Dick, you know?
The loudspeaker spoke up and said...
The loudspeaker spoke up and said...
The loudspeaker spoke up and said...
The loudspeaker spoke up and said...
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
Well, I'm gonna pot down on this one just a little bit, friends.
This is negative land, and I better not play the whole record.
Or this whole song just straight, because one of you might go out and axe murder your family.
This is a clipping I'm about to read from the San Francisco Chronicle of about a week ago about negative land, okay?
Now get ready.
Oakland band's house arrest.
From the Chronicle staff writers.
A rock crashed through Richard Lyon's kitchen window this week, shattering a statue.
A stack of dishes on the counter.
The incident also shattered Lyman's nerves.
He and fellow members of the Oakland art rock band Negative Land have been on the edge, or have been on edge for months since a teenage boy in Rochester, Minnesota chopped up his family with an axe.
I mention this because Negative Land is a friend of the church, and I really sympathize with these guys for what's happened to them.
I didn't know about it until just now.
The 16-year-old went on his murderous rampage, it says here, after an argument with his staunchly Roman Catholic father over Christianity is stupid.
Christianity is stupid.
A cut from Negative Land's album Escape from Noise on SST Records.
The boy, David Brom, killed his father, mother, 14-year-old sister, and 11-year-old brother.
Authorities claim that subliminal messages in the song drove the boy to murder.
The bright, seemingly well-adjusted young man to his bloody deed.
We were dazed by the whole thing, says 29-year-old Richard Lyons of Negative Land.
We didn't know what to think.
At first we treated it as a hoax, but the five members of Negative Land quickly found out it wasn't a hoax.
It was more like a nightmare, and it wasn't over.
They had to cancel a tour because of this thing that happened that probably really had nothing to do with Negative Land.
But let me read on here.
In fact, they're sitting tight at home.
They haven't been allowed to go on tour.
That's why Negative Land has never played Dallas.
This week's Rock Through the Window episode followed a TV news report on the band's entanglement in the Midwestern murder case.
To the experimental band and its cult following, Negative Land has been handed a bum rap.
It's ridiculous to think that a song would trigger that sort of violent reaction, Lyons said.
The album cut is built around a fundamentalist preacher screeching,
Christianity is stupid, communism is good.
The preacher is taken out of context, and the song is intended as a jab at TV evangelists.
Shop as usual. Shop as usual, dear friends, but be real careful about what you buy.
No, actually, it's a sad and scary thing.
Says...
Sergeant Jerry Nelson of the Olmstead County Sheriff's Department in Minnesota.
It seems that the boy's father had some objection to the song.
The kid apparently stewed on it a bit, and at about 1 a.m. he picked up an axe and chopped up his family.
People were stunned by the slaughter.
They described David, who attended Catholic school, as a gentle, sensitive young man who liked poetry, liked to write poetry and draw.
Ironically, the axe murder controversy comes at a time when negative land is at the height of its eight-year career.
Christianity is stupid was number one on college radio stations across the country and got good press nationally, including a mention in Village Voice and so forth.
And then it goes on to mention all the lineup of guest artists, including Jerry Garcia and Mark Mothersbaugh and the residents and so forth that were on this record.
What? Thank God and Bob.
What they didn't mention in this newspaper article was that Reverend Ivan Stang, yours truly, is also on that record and in fact is listed as doing the vocals on that very song.
Christianity is stupid.
Communism is good.
They always leave out the beginning of the thing where it says the loudspeaker spoke up and said.
But at any rate, friends, I mean, you know...
Here are the only record albums.
That my voice is on.
The only cut on that record album has to be the one that drives.
Well, drove a family into an argument and resulted in these act murder axe murders.
While confined to its home turf, negative land has been broadcasting concerts from its Oakland studio and working on a new album for Los Angeles based SST Records.
New album title.
True or false.
The band will also provide the soundtrack for the movie Zippy the Pinhead starring Randy Quaid as the non sequitur spouting cartoon character created by Bill Griffith.
Well, friends, so that just goes to show keep your name and voice off of any record albums because it's probably going to drive some kid to axe murder his family.
Actually, the only thing I did on that particular cut was was to go down at the very end.
And that's a whole different story.
It's a whole different thing entirely.
And, uh, you know, friends...
It is frightening though because it makes you realize that your little art project or whatever could conceivably be taken a little bit too seriously.
Or not seriously enough in our case.
And, uh, and all of a sudden you're out of business.
It's a mess.
Let's see what's on the rest of this negative land album.
Uh, four time zones.
Yeah.
We have four in this country, right?
Uh, no sir.
Friday.
Yeah.
Well, it gets pretty complicated there, friends.
Let me just settle down here for a second.
I mentioned one other little bit of news before I go on to a tape of, uh, unknown, uh, origin.
We're going to have a, uh, a game tonight.
A bust the conspiracy game.
And I'm going to give you clues.
I'm going to give you a total of five clues.
And I want you to write them down consecutively.
Okay?
On a piece of paper.
This is the only way we can do it.
This is a bust the conspiracy game.
Number one.
High weirdness by mail.
Write that down.
High weirdness by mail.
High weirdness by mail.
Clue number two.
An indispensable volume, comma, is out.
Okay?
You got that written down?
And that indispensable volume is out.
Okay?
And we'll continue with the clues a little bit later on.
Uh, it's a, it's a frightening, frightening thing, I think, altogether.
That we have to do things that way.
High weirdness by mail is a book about a, a, a kook story.
Well, let's see, yeah.
A directory of the fringe.
Mad prophets, crackpots, kooks, and true visionaries.
Free stuff for weirdos.
The keys to instant success, mystic knowledge, miraculous inventions, and contact with the space, space brothers is within your grasp.
For only a first class stamp.
And it's a, a listing.
And a very sarcastic listing, which we'll be reading from later.
A listing of weird science.
UFO contactees.
Jesus contactees.
Even other weirder religions than those.
Uh, great catalogs.
Hilarious examples of religion battling religion.
Weird politics.
Groups you love to hate because I hate you so much, and so forth.
Uh, just, uh, so hang in there for the further clues.
Okay?
Dear fringey.
Oh, this is weird.
This story's getting a little out of hand, John.
Were you really in contact?
Well, I say yes.
But not with a living God.
Our contact was with the things of Satan.
We'd hold a seance, and results were prompt.
The Ouija board was very active and very terrifying.
The cards were fantastically accurate.
And we were being drawn deeper and deeper into the realm of the supernatural.
And then came the breaking point.
The woman who had promised that I would be contacted brought me some new in-
Binge of plans.
I'm supposed to go first.
You?
But I'm the one the whole world will believe.
Even so, I'm going first.
I want you to drive me to a certain place and leave me there.
Later, you can pick me up again.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'll be right there.
After I picked her up, we went back to my home where Rosalie was waiting.
And Gladys brought a small paper bag from her purse.
John, here's something I brought you.
They have given me some things to give you.
This little bulb is from the planet Nogav.
It will grow here on Earth and bear a flower if you plant it.
And this perfume.
It comes from the planet Solaga.
And it's for Rosalie.
And this white stone.
It has a name written on it.
That you will understand.
You lie.
John.
You're a liar.
You're a cheat.
That flower bulb is an old carrot or something.
And that's dime store perfume in that bottle.
Oh, John.
Don't talk to Gladys like that.
You shut up to her.
You keep out of this.
Look, this whole thing is phony.
This is some sort of a slick game.
None of it's true.
I know.
If this is what is making a decision for Christ means,
I don't want anything to do with God or Jesus or anything.
I know exactly what they mean, friends.
It can be pretty complicated and scary sometimes.
Let's read.
Oh, thanks to Reverend Ann for that.
The tape that we play bits and pieces of.
You know, if you edited all our Slack sequences of this,
that show together, you'd have the complete bootleg.
Okay, here's a.
Let's look in the UFO contactees chapter of high weirdness by mail and get ready with
your pen and pencil because I'm going to give you a great address to write down.
Okay.
This is about UFO contactees and the researchers who inspired them.
Of the thousands of people who've received the telepathic siren call of the space people,
friends, only a handful go public.
And most aren't really making any money or even trying to,
which is an indicator of their seriousness.
They heard the voices in their head and they took them at face value.
Now, I'm not saying such folks are liars.
They're sincere.
And that's what's scary.
Something did happen to them.
They think it was good.
I don't know what it was, but I don't think it was exactly good.
Oh, hi, Slack master Bob Dobbs and all protecting entities from Planet X-Men.
Please let it not happen to me.
But here is one.
This is, uh, I'll give the address at the end of this one, I think.
This is the listing about rational culture.
You have been remembered by the superior rational.
Flying saucer cults have become so prevalent in South America that they might as well comprise a new religion.
This one is one of the biggest denominations.
It's also the funniest, partly because the translations from Portuguese into English are so badly done as to severely amplify the already psychotic tone.
Here's a quote from rational culture.
Our world is a bird that fabricates other birds that we are and that here we are in passing.
See, friends?
Now, not only are there newsletters and there's Space Bible, Universe in Disenchantment,
dictated by the Space Brothers, but the books are actually printed by the Space Brothers.
Millions of copies imported by spaceship imbued with healing power.
And just owning one, these folks claim, will cure any disease and even clear your home of poltergeists.
The cosmic alien authors collectively called the superior rational offer a history of the universe by which we didn't evolve from monkeys,
but from ash monsters formed from primordial life.
So, resin.
Another quote here.
The primitive bodies were little monsters and afterwards monsters, then monsters, after big monsters, and after huge monsters,
improving as the deformation progressed.
They screamed utter, made gestures to understand each other.
Unquote.
This may sound, and who knows, even really be stupid, but in size, friends, this cult, superior rational, is gaining on the Mormons.
You can get a free price list from them.
Say you need a lot of information because you are, quote, with the superior rational, unquote,
and specify that you want it in English because otherwise they'll send you the Portuguese version.
And that is Rational Culture, Caixa Postal.
That's C-A-I-X-A Postal.
Postal.
Caixa Postal.
Seven-eight point.
O-one-nine dash two-six-one-five-oh.
Caixa Postal.
Seven-eight.
O-one-nine two-six-one-five-oh.
In Belford Roxo.
That's Belford R-O-X-O.
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, South America, dear friends.
Well, that's the first of our little readings from this hideous book.
And...
Let's see.
I'm going to jump over to another tape here.
This is a tape.
We've been getting tapes from a radio station in Canada, which...
Where there is a fellow by the name of Bob Dean who is apparently...
He claims to be getting J.R. Bob Dobbs, the guru of our cult, on his show.
And I just can't believe that that's really the case.
Where is that tape?
Friends, listen.
Look at...
Listen to this.
Are all those tapes in there?
That's a lot of tapes.
And a...
Oh, here it is.
Okay.
I had it out already.
This is supposedly the voice of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Now, you tell me what you think about this one, okay?
Well, Bob, you know, many of us do have to work.
I think that's something you forget.
Because you never work.
But I think...
No, it's important.
You don't pay rent.
You don't have a house.
You just...
You know, you just don't have to work.
You don't have to do anything.
Those of us who haven't quite reached out of Pingdom into...
Us who don't have the passport to the ethereal plane and can't just go there.
No, the rush hour to the ethereal plane is nothing.
But if you persist in this martyr complex, you forget what Oscar Wilde said.
That the hardest thing to do of all is to do nothing.
And that is the burden I bear.
And that's something I've been carrying for decades.
And so, obviously, I've been doing a lot.
I'm the only one qualified to talk and hog the microphone like this.
But then I look at you and whenever money, you know, comes into play, you are the one
who always pulls out the wad of hundred-dollar bills.
And I'm always intrigued by that.
I'm quite impressed, I might add.
Well, I am very wealthy.
I mean, Bob Dobbs is not a metaphor.
It's an actual fact that I have millions in my bank account.
And I have huge investments in gold.
And I'm involved personally and related to very wealthy people.
So that my experience in these matters is a justification for my slackness right now.
It's just a shock.
It's forever a miracle that I'm on the stage here, the acoustic stage.
And you people keep thinking it back into your context.
Like, you know, I've got to go get a job.
These things.
Yeah, Doug.
Well, it wasn't so much that our conversation wasn't completed.
I've always known it with Bob and maybe a couple other people.
You know, you made contact with him.
Because I had made contact with you for a while before we did the show.
And all of a sudden, it's an acceleration in things you start to see and things you start reading.
And the importance they take on.
And Bob is a great catalyst.
So after I had done the show with Bob,
I had already bought this journal.
It's a journal of art and text.
And they have a new issue specifically on art fruit.
And the last chapter of it, I think it was by an Australian writer.
And it deals mainly with Anthony Narco and his years in the asylum.
I believe in reams.
Is that how you say it in Italian?
Yeah, reams and reams of walls.
Yeah.
And a word that came up that I had never seen before.
And from the way the author wrote it, it was,
I never described it.
I thought it fit very well into how Bob talked.
He seemed to be the person the world was.
Glossolalia.
Glossolalia.
A new word for you.
Yeah.
And the writer said.
Did he define it so you knew how it referred to me?
Yeah, I knew how it referred to you.
He defines the prophetic voices being rational and saying things.
And the voice of glossolalia.
Glossolalia.
Glossolalia was more passionate and more poetic.
And I thought Bob is passionate and poetic, but he also does have a ring of prophecy.
And rationality.
And rationality.
So sometimes he'll.
Yes, Bob does have a ring of prophecy and yet rationality.
But I just, that doesn't sound like Bob to me.
I know that Bob has a midway.
I mean, I've heard Bob's voice.
I've actually heard it, friends.
And Bob Dobbs has a Texas accent, basically.
I don't know if it's from Texas exactly, but it's a Midwestern, you know, South Midwestern sort of thing.
A little break here.
The year, 1994.
Oops, we've lost an entire generation.
This is a public service announcement, by the way.
This is not a church joke.
You've heard just say no to the church.
You've heard just say no to drugs and hugs, not drugs.
Well, now is the time to get back to basics.
Someone you know and love is yelling, help, I can't cope.
The substance abuse ministry at the Concord MB Church is hosting its third annual substance abuse workshop.
Topics of interest will be discussed by professional drug abuse speakers and small group workshops designed to discuss and handle everything you wanted to know about substance abuse to a certain extent will be there.
Please contact Sydney Beale at 372-4543 for more information and registration procedures.
It's at the Concord MB Church, whatever that is, at 3410 South Polk Street, 10 a.m. to 430 p.m., May 14th, 1988.
Act now.
Act now or call, once again, 372-4543 for information.
Thank you.
Thank you.

And you'll get the latest information on this anti-drug or basically drug education thing.
You know, the fourth subgenius book will be the ultimate anti-drug book.
I hate to have to tell you why or how it happens to be that way.
That won't be out for a long time though, if ever.
I mean, I may have to print it myself.
And we do need your, we still do need those bummers description, friend.
Once again, call 823-7490 here for information on Church of the Subgenius.
By the way, what you're listening to in the background here is a tape from some beloved listeners in Fort Worth.
Ray Jerry and U Holum from Glenrothville in Fort Worth.
It's a nice background.
Steve?
The Church of the Subgenius magazine, the Stark Fist, is in progress, dear friend.
Those of you who've ordered my apipalilagis to all droogs and droogesses who eagerly await this mind-numbing plummet into the depths of your own psyche.
If you really think you want it.
And while I'm being falsely humble, I should also apologize for last week's show being a bit...
A bit sloppy.
Believe it or not, I get burned out sometimes.
I just get tarred.
Tarred, tarred, tarred.
Sometimes feathered.
Here come Bust the Conspiracy game clues number three and four.
Number three.
Write this down on your little piece of paper.
At stores named after.
Colon.
That's number three.
We'll come back to number four at the end of this beautiful song from Nina Hagen.
Hey, hey, hey.
Because I love you.
Forever.
Something wrong with you.

Something wrong with you.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
The past will change.
Change.
You.
I will show you.
You.
You.
You.



Eva.
I will show you.
You.
It's me.
Me.
Me.
Hans.
The prophet.
Hans.
My name is Hans.
Hans.
I am his prophet.
He is my lover.
I am the chosen one.
He is my lover.
I am the chosen one.
I am the chosen one.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.




He is my wife.
He is my life
with a true love.
He is my love.
I love you.
Something wrong with you.
You.
The first real change.
You.
You are revolution.
I am a prophet.
Messenger.
Messenger.
Messenger.
Revolution.
blyah
3
а
Dr. Red, please.
I don't know.
To be limited.
Very limited.
And God,
the rotten, the very rotten.
And I have no idea
if I'll ever forget it.
Forget him. But unromantic.
The bird was here.
The bird was gone. He was here.
And now I'm in heaven again.
And I'll see you in heaven again.
See you in heaven again.
God, the rotten, the stuck-up rotten.
And I don't know.
Go without me.
You.
I don't care for you anymore.
I hate you.

I hate you.
I don't know.
I give you the message.
Death.
You needn't be a man.
You need a family.
You need a family.
You need a family.
Keep talking to me, keep talking.
I'm gonna take you.
No, I don't.
I don't know!
I don't know!
The wind is rough.
You're so bright.
And everybody
does this.
I'd like everybody
to believe that
that's what does.
Well, in the Bible,
they say,
We were speaking in tongues.
In tongues?
Tongues.
I am a didgeridoo!
Disānge!
Disānge!
Disānge!
Disānge!
Disānge!
Tongues.
Tongues.
Head.
Nails ofע
Holy S savairt!
Baby proceso!
Be careful when you structural lions speak like a sweet Ал egg.
When will you believe, dear friends?
That was Nina Hogan's only really good song from her old album,
Nun Sex Monk Rock.
It's a shame what happened to her.
Went totally new age on us.
God, if only we could have brought her over to Bob.
Yeah, she's actually mentioned in High Weirdness by Mail, too.
You can go to her UFO church and watch her do all the talking.
I could tell you a story, but I can't, I can't.
It would require speaking words that are not speakable over the radio
in order to even hit the punchline right
about the subgenius's adventures at Nina Hogan's UFO church in Los Angeles.
But that does bring us back to clue number four.
Bust the conspiracy.
Game clue number four.
Get ready to write it down.
Remember, the last clue was at stores named after.
Okay, clue number four.
The guy who wrote Romeo and Juliet.
Now, it's going to be real hard for some of you, I know.
But what the heck, you know, we've got to try it.
Stay tuned.
And...
Right.
Right.
Right.
Oh.
And, uh...
For those of you who aren't new listeners,
we are currently engaged in work on the third subgenius book,
Three-Fisted Tales of Bob.
And I'm going to read you a sample.
This isn't really a very three-fisted one.
It's just got one great big fist at the end.
It's called A Cloudy Day.
Ten-year-old Billy and nine-year-old Tammy,
all set to be married,
and their parents didn't even know about it.
Of course, they'd have to be told eventually,
but right now, the most important thing in the world
was the green field spread out in front of them
and the anticipation of adventures to be had at nature's expense.
And as usual, the clouds would provide their share of the day's entertainment.
Hey, look at there.
There.
Said Billy, pointing heavenward.
It looks...
It looks just like one of Uncle Bob's pigs.
Tammy giggled and stooped to pick up some blueberries,
proffering half to Billy.
I can do better than that, she chattered impishly.
See those two?
That one's an eagle.
And...
And that's a big brown bear.
And they're going to have a fight about whose turn it is to reign.
Billy, momentarily nonplussed by Tammy's vivid imagination,
was now gesticulating excitedly in the opposite direction,
Looky there!
That one looks just like a huge mushroom!
The words rang out in the afternoon air,
just as the tiny couple were blown over by a titanic gust of air,
and everything melted.
These are the things.
Brawlers of geniuses win.
Show rally beats polyp tech.
Puzzling evidence upset.
Puzzling evidence upset.
Woodman Atwell scored 17 of his 27 points in the second half,
and Gabrofram had all of his 16 points in the final period as number 16.
Show rallied to beat 12th-ranked polyp tech,
84-70 in their Big Ten conference opener at Dobstown last night.
Atwell and Gabrofram, who both had career highs,
rallied the show 9-3 after polyp tech 8-3,
aided by technical fouls on the show's Dr. Howe,
and polyp coach Buck Hinckley ran off 13 straight,
scoring points for a 33-17 lead with 4.70 left in the first half.
No, sorry ladies and gentlemen.
We'll be checking the frequencies for various imperfections during the Dirty Contra show.
The show finally took the lead for good with an 8-0 squirt that made it 61-54 with 7.58 left.
Squeet Bird, polyp's 6'10 center,
picked up his fourth and fifth Big Os four seconds apart during the decisive spurt,
leaving the game with 8.06 remaining.
And then...
And then...
And then...
Fall center, puzzling evidence, Smith scored 13 of his 20 points in the second half,
including 9 during a decisive run to lift the 14th ranked Bohondas to a 62-57 Big East upset of number 2.
If it's confusing to listen to someone who works as a one-time, be aware that the show is the show.
It was the first loss for D-Town after 9 straight wins, its best start since 1989.
It's just a little tiny show.
With Dobstown 10-1, 1-0 trailing.
Smith sent a 3-point humper, 2 short humpers in the layup during a 16-6.
That gave the Bohondites a 56-50 lead with 5.19 left.
Dobstown's Kerwin Matthews sank 2 free thrusts to cut the deficit to 58-56.
But Dobstown's Mahania Jackson grabbed 2 critical offensive free passes and Smith sank 2 free thrusts with 20 seconds left.
After 2 technical P's were assessed on Honda's coach Paul Vredisch for a 60-56 lead.
A little news show.
D-Town missed 2 three-point P's in the final minutes.
Yep, there goes Hal.
For approximately 10 minutes with 11.27 left in the first half after a bench clearing ball touched off by a fist fight.
A little bit of the show, the subgenius show from Berkeley.
Must not continue there.
Don't know, don't know what comes next.
Must be careful here in Texas.
Because, well, as it says here in the instructions,
for this plastic model kit I bought the other day,
J.R. Bob Dobbs plastic model kit, 1-8 scale.
This is what it says in it.
It's an Aurora plastic model.
It's got Bob holding a briefcase and everything.
The instructions, it says,
Long, long ago, during the years of trouble,
when all the northern fathers still slept under the glaciers,
there lived the being we now know as J.R. Bob Dobbs.
This man, Dobbs,
was chosen by Jehovah One for the primary communications from our alien benefactors.
As Bob moved through the stars, he changed the face of them.
His ten billion quasi-modalities now vibrate in each of us
and have transformed him into the eternal incarnation of Slack.
From Dobbs came the unreasoned utterances which will remain forever unerasable.
His brave experimentation with excremeditation and fornicationalism,
using all humankind as his test flock,
resulted in the rule of the subgenius for the next 12,000 years.
During his span, disaster followed Dobbs,
resulting in the outright obliteration of his physical vessel,
only by careful church superstition,
and the

The first thing we can do is to look at the Dobbs shell.
Here is the approved religioficial bioreconstructoid, perfect in every detail, our salesman.
His skull is shaped a bit differently than is ours today.
It is somewhat flattened in the rear and bulges over the brow.
His brain was well devolved.
Some theocraticians think that Dobbs did not speak at all, or that if he did, he did not have what we would call a labyrinth.
He is a man of language.
He wears the suit.
His hands and feet are like ours.
He was left-handed.
The briefcase he holds sent the signals that launched the rockets of cleansing,
the blessed vehicles of our birth.
He stands here in the wreckage of Earth, his native planet.
Lies, lies, lies.
From Three-Fisted Tales About...
That's a preview by Lies, dear friends.
You know, I hate to be so coy about telling you about high weirdness by mail,
but I cannot advertise my own products over the radio, you see.
Not on this kind of a station.
And I know that a lot of people are interested.
If you need to know something, need to know information, call 823-7490.
In the meantime, I will give you clue number five.
Remember the last word of clue number four was and.
Clue number five.
The number of stars representing Texas.
Comic books.
Okay?
We do have a letter here from a listener.
This is the letters from listeners department.
You didn't know we had one of those, did you?
Greetings to the Mother Church of the Subgenius.
From Saint Mark Cosantony of the Temple of Jesus Christ Party Animal.
A small but highness bit of conspiracy propagandist lies has come to my attention,
and I'm compelled by Bob to inform the foundation.
Many in the so-called pro-life movement,
which is actually a mental-wise death cult through holistic lobotomies,
claim that life begins when a tiny and heroic sperm commits suicide.
By crashing into an egg within the non-male of the biped species.
Intuitively and obviously, this is a terrible lie.
Life really begins much earlier, depending upon the endurance of the male involved in the fornication.
Yes, life begins as soon as the male gland enters the female chamber.
This is indisputably when life begins.
An important caveat is that it is life only when the act is performed by mutual consent.
The union of the parties involved.
Yes, says our letter writer, life begins when the lights go down and the couple's heart rate and glands go up.
And anything that would prevent the union from occurring is murder of the most heinous sort.
Anything that would prevent the union of two consenting humans or subgenii,
pray they be of opposite gender, is murder.
Traditional morality, therefore.
Fatigue from a day at the office, therefore.
And the snickering police officer with his spotlight are therefore all homicide.
Subgenially yours, St. Mark Cosantini, Church of, Temple of Jesus Christ, the Party Animal.
And, uh, why didn't Jesus' hometown listen to him?
Friends...
Well, let's see, I've given all my, um, oh, oh, one last little bit of news here.
We'll let the, uh, thanks to, uh, Reverend Pat DiGiacomo there for background music,
from, I believe, Pink Floyd, I guess.
This is kind of disturbing, friends.
Uh, Michael Jackson, okay?
What kind of person, to begin with, would allow himself to be turned into the weird androgynous monstrosity that he is?
Uh, a letter found in Michael's hotel room in Tokyo during his, uh, tour of a while back tells at least part of the story.
The note, a curious blending of childish whimsy and spiritual psychobabble proves without a shadow of a doubt
that our little friend Michael Jackson is in need of a good therapist, or perhaps an exorcist.
Here's a small taste, just to give you an idea.
Quote, okay, this is from Michael Jackson's notes found in a hotel room in Tokyo.
Quote, I cry very often because it hurts, and I worry about the children.
All my children all over the world.
I live for them.
Those who criticize, they desire our blood, not our pain.
But still I must achieve, I must seek truth in all things.
I must endure for the power.
I was sent forth for the world, for the children.
But have mercy, for I've been bleeding a long time now.
By Michael Jackson.
Pretty sick, huh?
And, uh, compare that with a letter from Charles Manson.
Any given letter from Charles Manson.
Here's Charlie.
My world is my world, and I give it to you as much as you give it to you.
You, but put your faith in yourself and know I love you for me, and find it growing, bringing my happiness closer.
Circles complete.
Love, and I'll see you in the street.
Now is now is then.
Give up time.
Come to me.
Revelation brings blood.
Love knows no sin.
Well, friends, Charlie Manson and Michael Jackson, uh, proven once again to be not really all that far apart.
They're bad, they're bad, and they know it.
Spiewed no fтерs with">s, bistRC restriction, and quite a night with no

Let me write to you and let you in on this night and let you come to me only for good.
Let's do it one day at a time, now or never.
Wish we could live no more.


Let's go.



You started writing, you're free to go, rabbit.
Take a taxi.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Friends, we're going to have to move out of here pretty quick.
Stay tuned for Robert Wisdom's American Music Party.
It's going to be fun.
This is Devo, their old wonderful, wonderful tune, Mongoloid.
And if you want to know more about the horrors we've been discussing,
you can write to the P.O. Box number I'll give you in a minute.
Because you have to vote Bob.
Vote Bob for everything, friends.
He's a slack talker with good connections.
He'll never sell you out unless it's for big bucks.
He is not endorsed by any political party, the Bar Association, or anyone now in power.
Clearly, you're only sane choice on any ballot.
Vote Bob Dobbs for everything.
And you can vote Bob Dobbs by writing to
P.O. Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's right.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
For the most horrifying and yet edifying and enlightening and uplifting and...
You'll find out soon enough whether you want to or not.
For the power of Bob can ne'er, ne'er be kept down.
Nay.
Nay.
Or kill me.
Here's George Clinton to take us out with a message you should all pay close attention to.
I'll let your eyes fall down to the desk floor.
Your heart's been dying to ask her for a dance.
You see that
Your eyes, they can't speak for you
Your dumb mouth
Will not take the chance
What are you?
I've got a psychedelic warplow
Why don't you walk right up
And ask her for her hand
Maybe she'll get fucked with you
Maybe she'll get fucked with you
Oh, maybe she'll fuck with you
Maybe she'll fuck with you
So funky
I'll make your eyes
Enjoy what your whole body
Craves to feel
Ah


I dance alone
And never gaze in her direction
Maybe she'll get fucked with you
Maybe she'll get fucked with you
It does not mean that we did not
Trade affection
