It's time for Bob.
Say, Bob, why the big smile this afternoon?
What's so special about today?
Well, there's nothing special.
The Self-Genius Hour of Slacker.
Now we're rolling, Bob.
You're normally such a slacker. It's the first time you've heard of him.
Are all four of you guys in here? Is Phil in there?
He just, yeah, yeah.
Can we?
Doing with four?
Yeah, all four.
Okay.
What are we doing?
How do we, this is, this is.
Oh, the hour of slacker.
How about this is Phil, Phil, Pete, and Dave of the Firesign Theater.
This is Phil.
Phil.
Let's take it again.
Oh, Pete and Dave. Okay, there we go, yeah.
All right, you over here?
You just shut up.
This is Phil.
Phil.
Pete.
And Dave of the Firesign Theater.
And we're listening to the Hour of Slack.
Hack, hack, hack, hack.
Because we're subgeniuses.
And we're slacking off.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm among the top ten.
After yesterday's 12-hour tour de France,
the violence has resumed.
Beat them with baseball poles.
Fighting in eastern Ukraine is interfering with forged passports and resident cards
for gaining entry into the U.S.
At least 12 have already been destroyed.
Italian cyclist Vincenzo Nibali is being inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Meanwhile, in Cupermento, California,
this is PR News in Washington.
We'll see you tomorrow.
Take care.
Bye.
Bye.
Everybody
The sardine can't ask a passing fish
If he has seen any sardines
Carrots out of sight
They don't bark and they don't bite
They keep things loose
They keep things alive
Everybody was dancing in the moonlight
Dancing in the moonlight
Everybody's feeling warm and bright
It's such a fine and natural sight
Everybody was dancing in the moon
Steve has a special box
In which he keeps the poisonous things he uses
Everybody

Everybody

You're here, spoonful!

Look gegenüber at here






Now have all of them



And familiar





What's true?
Put on the best fashion
Watch more Kids From the Year 2018
Click on a einelection sign below!
투 y in a 2022 section on YouTube... and leave subscribe to the channel!
Bob was growing up too.
He knew about the reproductive organs and nocturnal emissions.
He also knew about masturbation.
But he read that the problem was more mental than physical.
I'd like me some of them cream peas.
The princess is a creature of antiquity.
Ten million years at least in age.
They have made unkind comments about her.
And said that she was a spoiled brat.
Oh, yes.
She was getting up all the bandwidth with her Cleopatra movie.
And it would have been a disaster.
Cleopatra?
Yeah, she wanted to make a movie.
I didn't know about that.
Her and Brad Pitt and all their kids in it.
They're talking about Angelina Jolie.
That sounds like a disaster they're waiting to happen.
Look, I knew Cleopatra.
She didn't look anything like Angelina Jolie.
She looked just like Cleopatra.
She looked like Elizabeth Taylor.
We know what Cleopatra looked like.
A little bit like Claudette Colbert.
She was actually a little bit fleshier even than Elizabeth Taylor.
She was a well-fed person.
She was the dynastic ruler of Egypt.
Yeah, if you were well-fed.
Once her brother was put out of the way.
I knew you were rich.
She was actually Cleopatra VI of her line.
And she was essentially, let's be honest about this, an Alexandrian Greek.
Let's just be honest.
She was not a Coptic Egyptian.
She was a Ptolemaic.
Nor were the royal.
The royal house of Egypt.
That's right.
Other than Coptics.
They weren't Egyptian.
They weren't.
They weren't.
Greek.
The southern Africans, as has been portrayed in Eddie Murphy videos and others, they were Coptics.
They were a specific caste of people that exist today in the region which once comprised upper and lower Egypt.
The Twin Kingdoms.
This is Wikipedia.
Wikipedia.
Wikipedia.
Quit asking me to donate all the time.
Why does it want your hard-earned money?
I gave them some money and they're still bugging me.
And, of course, according to tradition and the lore of history, Cleopatra first seduced Julius Caesar before...
Before Mark Antony.
You know, that is as if Caesar himself had nothing to do with it.
Oh, Cleopatra was so sexy that she...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.









Just wrap them around her little finger.
The whole idea of her as some sexy seducer...
A sexpot.
...is Roman propaganda.
That's right.
They didn't like her and they were afraid that she would have a bad influence.
And she certainly did on Caesar and Antony and so on.
So they, you know, she's all now this Theda Bara-like character.
But actually she was an intellectual.
She was fun to shoot the...
...with.
Sitting around in Alexandria.
Sitting around in Alexandria.





Not in Memphis.
From PR News in Washington, I'm Don Business Number, another of other names in 13 states.
Secretary of State John Kerry says he is not.
Kerry says he's convinced he is not.
I think, and I do think...
...hearing a land of water and carbon emissions.
On Wall Street, the 7th of December, Senator Patrick introduced a measure today that would prohibit phone records...
...and internet data.
The tankard is carrying a million dollars worth a hundred million PR News Washington.
Secretary of State John Kerry says this is not PR News in Washington.
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...


...
...
...

...
...
...
...



...
They put my eyes inside your head.
And now I can't see your world.
And now I can't see your world.

I'm on the west now, sick of abyss Let me tell you the problem is
My bones are cold, you can leave me alone Now I'm on my own
There's a ghost in the machine And it's got the good on doing everything
Something has changed, I feel rearranged, slightly deranged
I'm going under the knife, I'm going under the knife, I'm going under the knife, estas hecho
You are the star
And then you took things too far
And now you've been replaced by the one who stole your fate
Now I'm on the run, I'm fine as bright as the sun
Controlled by zeros and ones
I'm set free now, as high as can be
As you see what I see
There's a ghost in the machine
It's got my turn on, damn near
I could think something has changed
I've been rearranged, slightly deranged
I'm going under the knife, I'm going under the knife
I'm going under the knife for you
I'm going under the knife, I'm going under the knife
I'm going under the knife, it's true
Just like you
There's a ghost in the machine
It's got my turn on, damn near
I could think something has changed
I've been rearranged, slightly deranged
I'm going under the knife, I'm going under the knife
I'm going under the knife for you
I'm going under the knife, I'm going under the knife
I'm gonna look just like you
I'm going under the knife, going under the knife for you
I was seated in the office and a great big buxom lady came in with a black veil drawn over her hat
and she came into the office and she said, my name is Frances Murphy. I said, yes, what can I do for
you? She said, it's what I can do for you and she threw the veil up and here was a great big brush,
a big beard. She said, I am a bearded lady. I said, so I observe. She said, I'd like a position.
I said, be very happy to use you. Miss Murphy, is it? She said, yes, I'm not married.
I had a very nice voice, very pleasant, but very, very hefty, about five foot eleven and must have
weighed at least two hundred pounds. So I employed Miss Murphy.
The station was a nice attraction, the bearded lady. After about eight or ten weeks, Miss Murphy was
downtown at the interchange at 42nd Street and the subway going from one station to another
and became involved with a couple of sailors. It ended up that it was a fight and Miss Murphy
slugged one of these sailors from the Brooklyn Navy Yard and knocked this poor guy cold.
Well, along came the next one. Miss Murphy was a very nice person. She said, I'm not married.
The transit authority police, they wanted to arrest Miss Murphy and she said, this man insulted me.
So they arrested the sailor. They took the sailor to the police headquarters
and also took Miss Frances Murphy down for fighting. And they locked them both up. I was
called at the hotel and I said, I'll come down in the morning. Well, when I went down that morning,
there was a lawyer from the naval base over in Brooklyn.
And this provost lawyer, whatever he was, came down to defend the sailor, which was quite natural.
So Miss Murphy didn't want a lawyer because this man had insulted her and had grabbed her,
done something to her, and she slugged him with a huge pocketbook. Well, the lawyer for the sailor
demanded that the court get a doctor and have Miss Murphy examined to see if there was any damage done.
Lo and behold, they took Miss Murphy out and came back with the announcement that Miss Murphy was a man and what a man.
So I said, Okay. So until then, after that, I'm going to go.
Oh my God!

I don't know what you're trying to say.
Oh my, I saw that.
That guy knows how to do it.
So, before the coup was back, she went to this place and they I and my wife had been needing help.

The man, I'm so afraid to talk because I'm not going to fight for them.
Well, but so good.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
How are you?
We're rocking out, baby.
We're rocking down.
We're rocking in the way and zooming in.
We're rocking to...
We're rocking to...
Rocking Jimmy Ryan.
Reverend Rocking Jimmy Ryan in the background.
And before that, Dave,
we just heard this little song called Iodine 131
by a little tiny band called Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
A song written and sang by Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
our special guest.
Wonderful.
For tonight only.
And probably the next night.
And so on and so on.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Well, personally, I'm glad to hear that
because I was just pointing out to a friend of mine
the logistics on the map of incarcerating
too many cubanophilios or whatever they're called,
the people who import the cigars without permission
from the State Department.
I know nothing.
I know nothing of the cigar importation.
Hmm.
It's a tempting offer.
It is tempting.
He's attempting an offer.
A-T-T-E-M-P-I-N.
I have to attempt to give the credits real quick, though.
Oh, okay.
Before Einstein's Secret Orchestra,
we heard a Jimmy Ryan instrumental piece
called Wowitzer.
The fellow talking about Miss Murphy,
the bearded lady,
that was Nate Eagle
reminiscing about his days as a carny operator.
The song Under the Knife
was by the Fantastic Plastics,
which you can look up on the...
on the internet.
PR News on our titles
or by Lemur.
We heard Dr. Howell and Dr. Philodrummond
on the puzzling evidence on Cleopatra.
That's right.
That was Howell and Philo on Cleopatra.
I missed that one.
And that cover of Dancing in the Moonlight
was, of course,
the Rudy Schwartz project.
Or at least a projection of Rudy Schwartz
on a holographic design.
Yeah, I wish.
I wish.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wish.
I wish.
I wish.















I'd like to project my body
into, like, ladies' locker rooms
and stuff like,
or project my...
not my image,
um,
my essence...
my essential being.
But you would project your essence
into women's locker rooms, Dave?
Yeah.
For voyeuristic purposes?
For voyeuristic purposes, yeah.
Now, you're saying just your spirit,
not...
you wouldn't want to do
the invisible boy routine
where you're really invisible
or you think you're invisible until the steam from the showers
makes you appear as a bubble with a handle.
Yeah, until the handcuffs go click, click, and the leg cuffs go clack, clack.
Right.
It seems to me that he just wants to do the voyeuristic part.
I just want a little sniff, you know.
I'm not interested in a hold on the gagglish or penumbra.
I'm not sure I like where this is going.
I don't know exactly what you're doing, but...
I'm worried about where this conversation is going.
It might go in a sexist direction,
and, you know, it's bad to be of a sex or a gender,
a specific gender or anything, apparently.
Why do they have to have names like that?
Everybody's making such a big deal about it, and...
Well...
Why do they name themselves?
They name themselves after various sandwiches.
That's what I was concerned about.
Because I think that is definitely a downward crowd
as far as our Republican core values.
When people start naming themselves after, like, BLT...
Lettuce. Yeah, bacon, lettuce, and tomato sandwiches.
And beef on rye.
I think we had a little bit of a dust-up
concerning who could take which sandwich into which restroom.
Right. Restroom.
The bacon was okay for one stall,
and the ham was okay for another stall,
but the pulled pork, of course, is going on in the men's room,
and it's not supposed to be happening in the ladies' room.
And I admire the restaurants who got around all that
by just taking the men or women signs down
and just saying, here's a bathroom.
You worry about it. You figure it out, tough guy.
Well, I'd like to ask Gwee as a personal favorite.
She has never used a men's urinal.
And if so, if she found it,
difficult or easy or, you know...
If I have tried to use a men's urinal?
Yes, in one of your crazy moods in your early days.
Hmm. Well, I...
You'd think you'd remember something like that.
Yes. Well, I am one of those few women that can actually do that,
but there are not very many women that can do that.
Yes. I have the skills, the mad skills.
You're not saying you've been one of those
lettuce, bacon, and tomatoes all this time, because...
No, I mean...
I wouldn't have known.
I was gifted with the power of...
I told you I didn't like where this was going.
I know you don't like the direction of this.
I don't like the direction of this.
I don't like where it's spraying.
I don't like the way or the distance that it is spraying.
Yes, but you mentioned pulled pork as a viable solution.
You were the one. You, you, you were the one.
We were talking about meat sandwiches, and that's all I meant.
It wasn't metaphorical or meteoric or anything.
Why is that?
I remember...


Metamorphic. It wasn't any of those.
Talk about loose meat sandwiches, then you're okay.
It was meat-aphorical. That's right.
Uh-huh. Meat-aphorical, yes.
And you were meeting out the words, right?
Yeah. Now I'm thinking about tacos.
Why is that? Oh, well.
It's the radio, friends.
Go ahead and envision anything you want.
They can't put you in jail for that yet.
But believe you me, if they could, they would,
because putting you in jail makes a lot of money,
for somebody, off of the rest of us.
The owners of the prison, because all prisons are privatized right now.
This goes back to the days of Joseph McCarthy,
who was a famed insolent from the land of the badgers.
I think he was a Minnesota senator,
or one of those whale walkers,
who divined and designed a power,
and this at least was in his own mind,
to tell who was a communist,
who was a communist,
and who was a healthy,
a wealthy, whelpingling.
Well, yeah.
You can tell by close study of people's stool,
what their political treachery might be.
We explained that last week on the show.
Yeah, that was well worth explaining too,
because a lot of people cannot divine different parties,
political parties from stool.
They're all the same, man.
A two party system, it's just a rip off.
They're all exactly the same.
It's just a red tape.
Yeah, no.
.
There are more,
there are juicier,
and more intellectual topics we could do.
Mm hmm.
That really, juicy would hopin'.
Well, I'm looking at the news page
on the little web screen
in front of me at the studio,
and the headline caught my eye above all the
other ones was,
Crocodiles can kill a!
snatches woman night swimmer
34 minutes ago in Australia.
Well, that could happen.
Why would you go swimming at midnight
in Australia when you know
there were crocs about?
Well, you don't necessarily know
there's crocs about,
but what made me interested
was the fact that it was a monster story.
It's not a monster until a woman is snatched
or a human.
Right.
Then the plain ordinary animal
becomes a monster.
Right.
The same thing happens in Florida
when it becomes a new story.
Four-year-old boy becomes a six-year-old boy
at a barbecue and is eaten by an alligator
or at least asked out to dinner or something.
There was a, well, just this very day,
there was a very sad news story
about the Cincinnati Zoo
and an unlucky man
who was killed by a male gorilla.
That was a horrible story.
Why did they have to kill the gorilla?
Why didn't they just soften his tumors
with a rabid plug?
It didn't work that fast.
That's the thing.
Many people have asked that
because they didn't read the article,
but if they had read further down,
they would have seen that they couldn't.
Those tranquilizer guns
don't work that fast.
When you hit an animal with it,
all it does is make them mad
for a while.
Right.
Then they get sleepy.
But before the gorilla fell asleep
and fell on top of the scamp,
the little scamp,
it might have gotten a little irritated
and smashed the kid's head against the wall
or something like he would do
to an infant gorilla child
if he got upset.
A little perturbed.
Yeah.
And of course, needless to say,
the comments were all about
blame the parents,
the evil parents,
who let the kid do that.
But, you know,
I've been a parent of a four-year-old boy.
They're faster than you can imagine.
They're faster than a male gorilla.
They probably scared the daylights
out of that gorilla.
Yes.
And now the gorilla...
But somebody pointed out,
why'd they shoot the gorilla?
They could have made a million dollars,
you say, sponsoring a hunt.
Like, have a hunt.
People could, you know,
like a bid on hunting a gorilla.
People are really,
really stupid.
People are actually animals.
And they're very, very dangerous,
dangerous animals.
Even four-year-old boys are dangerous.
Gorillas are dangerous.
Moms and dads are dangerous.
The cars they drive are dangerous.
The diseases they get are dangerous.
And everyone is going to die.
And the most dangerous of them all,
from a recent news,
is the one that I'm going to tell you about.
It's a very, very tragic news story here
that was very tragic.
And I don't want to go into it
just because of the tragedy of it.
It involved a child.
The child was not officially with the law,
so to speak.
He was breaking the law a little teeny bit.
And he died as a consequence
of not being extra careful.
And there was an idiot on the news web,
on the page,
who kept on writing his opinions,
blaming it on the news,
and the child being godless.
And his parents weren't good Christians.
Well, no, I would just blame it flat on God.
God, that kid wouldn't die unless God wanted him dead.
That's the way it goes, kids.
Sorry, parents, moms, dads,
people afflicted with illness and horror and tragedy.
It must have been God's will, right?
God's will or won't, I don't know.
Oh, but except that when it's not God's will,
then it's free will and it's your fault.
And he is going, he's not gonna forget it,
because gods don't forget.
They're like elephants, only smarter.
Yeah, and there's many different kinds.
There's gods of air, wind, and fire.
No, there's only one, and he's got a beard.
I've seen a picture of him when I was a little boy.
Well, sometimes he does shave.
He has a necklace that he wears around his armpits
that has his room number
and a few violent documents that he carries.
Never mind, I'm sorry.
But you know what weirded me out
about the pictures of God that I would see as a child?
He was wearing, well, no, sometimes he's real jolly looking,
but he was wearing a dress.
He wasn't wearing pants.
No, long, cascading robe.
He was wearing a big, long bathrobe, like a robe,
you know, like a, and he had long hair like a girl.
It's like, that's what my grandson says to me.
D-Dawg, you have long hair like a girl.
And I go, yeah, it's like a beautiful girl,
a beautiful, beautiful girl.
And then I whip him with my ponytail.
Yes, he does.
It's true.
I witnessed this many times, folks.
Yeah, he loves it.
He does it just to get whipped with a ponytail.
Might I ask if I could just leave the disposition
for a very few seconds to close my windows?
Oh, please do.
Please, please.
So I won't have to, you know.
It must have started raining.
Oh, but of course, Dave.
Close your windows.
Okay, well, Dave goes to close his windows,
which are not here in the studios of WCSB Cleveland
from whence we broadcast the show.
I'm going now.
Although you may not be listening to it
on that station at this time.
No.
And all the news we say might be old.
In fact, it is for most people.
This is Time Control in Action.
And for that matter, I'm old.
It's Time Control in Action.
This radio show is Time Control in Action.
Oh, well, yeah, sure.
You see?
Well, you're playing music and stuff
that somebody recorded a long time ago.
Exactly.
And the particular show is even more time-controlly
because it's played back on other stations at another time.
And it's on the Internet, so you can download it
and like that for free.
It's still free.
Boy, I get so many people saying,
Reverend Sand, you ought to monetize Hour of Slack.
You know, have people pay a dollar to hear it on the Internet.
And I'm sure that I would still get about 20 bucks a month
from contributors.
But instead of having a thousand listeners,
per second, we'd have 20.
The same ones that pay now, voluntarily,
would be the same ones that would involuntarily do so.
So that's why I say don't do so, Robinson Crusoe.
Sounds like it would be six and a half dozen of the other.
Right, exactly.
So, Dave, you know, the reason I played Iodine 131
was when I called Dave earlier today,
or he called me and told me he wasn't dead anymore.
Thank goodness.
He mentioned that somebody wanted to put Iodine 131, Dave's song,
on YouTube, and Dave wondered if that would mean that YouTube owned his song.
And I would hope not, because that would mean YouTube owns all songs.
Right.
And I don't think that's the case.
I don't think that's the case either.
In case they've spanked my little...
They've whacked my little tiny hand
for...
I think they were using Kenny Loggins on Bob's Lunch Hour, our short subject.
Yes, they did.
They took it away from us.
They did that rudely.
They made it a silent movie.
It had been shot as a silent movie, actually.
That's Bob's Lunch Hour.
Type it in, kids.
Bob's Lunch Hour.
If you would like to see a movie starring Dr. Philo Drummond as J.R. Bob Dobbs
that was 30 years in the making.
We shot the first part of it in 1977, I think.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe even 77.
Maybe even 77.
And then we finished it in 2006.
30 years in the making.
How many years?
And Philo ages 30 years during the course of Bob's Lunch Hour.
33-oh.
And you can see it.
And it's also got two really good covers of that Kenny Loggins song just dropped in.
Yes.
To see what condition my condition was.
Yeah.
The heavy metal version is really good.
Oh, yeah.
That comes on when you first see the old Philo.
Oh, yeah.
I like it.
I like it.
It's heavy.
It's heavy.
You just have to check it out.
It really is.
It's cosmic.
That's on the YouTube channel known as RevStang.
One word.
RevStang.
Yeah.
YouTube slash user slash RevStang.
And you'll see bug porn.
I've got the biggest collection of bug porn on my YouTube channel, YouTube channel that
you'll ever see outside of RedTube or PinkTube.
But she is such a beautiful thing.
She's the bug porn.
Or ex hamster.
That is so true.
The mosquito, the larvae are lovely.
There are many, many times of the week when you cannot do anything but sit back and witness
the wonders.
And among the bug porn on the RevStang YouTube channel, there's also Dave porn, Lonesome
Cowboy Dave music videos with that political song, The President's On The Phone, which
Which wasn't about the current president, but a previous one.
And what else?
I don't think we made a music video.
The current president's mommy is non-existent.
Didn't the current president's mommy die?
Or is she alive?
I think they're all dead.
You know, this has been a cool bummer kind of a weekend, as Philo called it.
Because, I don't know if you knew this, but our fellow sub-genius minister, Reverend Mark Mothersbaugh,
who has made good, an Akron boy who made good, if you want to call fame and riches good,
he has a big art show that opened up this weekend at the Museum of Modern Art in Cleveland,
and also at a museum in Akron.
But his dad died a week ago.
Oh!
Yes.
And which makes it, it's like a cool, that's why, as Philo said, it's a bummer, but it's a cool bummer.
It's mostly a bummer.
Yeah.
Well, but the art show would be cool.
In fact, Princess, we and I would have gone to the opening party of that the other night,
except we were too tired, because we'd been in Akron all day long,
hiking the Gorge Trail at Gorge Metro Park,
which...
Looks like dinosaurs should be living in it.
Little skinny dinosaurs.
Sounded like this.
And I would recommend that to anybody who likes to walk on roots and rocks and clamber.
That's probably not most sub-geniuses.
It took me 20 years of X days to get a dozen sub-geniuses to get off their butts for 10 minutes,
leave the road and go into the woods.
The streets.
Scary woods.
For 10 minutes.
It took me 20 years to get them to do that.
That's true.
And they'll never do it again.
That is true.
It was too scary.
All true.
What's the dinosaur joke?
And Bob got away anyway.
Yep.
There's a dinosaur joke, isn't there, where the punchline is,
the T is silent.
Have you ever heard that?
The what?
The punchline.
The T is silent.
I think it was triceratops.
No, but it must have been pterodactyl, because isn't there a...
There's a P.
P.
The P is silent.
Pterodactyl.
Pterodactyl.
Pterodactyl.
Pterodactyl.
And then that's urinating.
Urinating.
That's right.
Why do pterodactyls urinate?
Because the P is silent.
Or something like that.
I don't know either, but I heard it's a real joke and I forget the punchline.
That's a tricky one.
I think you had to have been there, man.
I was there, I think.
But that wasn't the problem.
The problem was with Savoir.
Or with the bear.
Understanding.
Conditioning.
We're not allowed to mention bears in our religion anymore.
For as it says here...
By the way, the music in the background was rural war room Soviet life.
And now the music in the background is Einstein's Secret Orchestra Witch Disco.
Oh, wow.
But as Epictetus said, or Epictetus, or whatever that nose picker's name was,
he said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,
He said,

He said,
He said,
And he was just,
All of a sudden,

He Pierre Plaza星 North.
It would splenne seconds on the create
The spaceships that were looking
At this was all schooling,
Was it Bîkoš?
Was it also people called Bainós?

You guys are fluffing my squat dingles.
Okay, basically, Epictetus is saying, cease your desire and you will be free.
Stop.
Stop.
You must not allow yourself any inclination towards the attainments of others.
Quit some of them and for the present, postpone the rest.
And you will fail if you want to have that which is of others and is not of yours.
But things within your power are opinion, aim, desire, aversion, and whatever.
It still doesn't.
Yeah, it sounds like yogi aphorisms, the forms of Patanjali.
Well, life is...
All this lusting after stuff will cause you trouble.
Just forget about it.
Well, the Buddha said that life is suffering.
That's what, you know, that's all.
Now, Bob, on the other hand,
said life is slack, but that's easy for him to say because it was Bob talking.
Right.
Yeah, because he has slack.
Consider the source, man.
Yeah, so why am I reading quotes from Epictetus when I could be reading quotes from Bob, such as...
Why indeed?
Let's see.
What did Bob...
What's the latest thing Bob said?
What did Bob say?
Everything comes apart one way or another, and some ways are fun.
Fun.
Oh, no, here's what Bob said.
I quoted this on the show once before.
No more penis candling for me.
Ow.
And I don't even have one.
It's time to melt the wax.
No, no.
Bob also said all gods are overrated, but then that's what makes them gods in the first place.
Is overrating.
That's correct.
That is a beautiful truth.
That's our Bob.
He's beautiful.
Well, what are demi-urges?
If gods are just unreasonable quantum, then what are demi-urges?
Oh, what now?
Demi-urges?
They have medicine for that.
Is that like a glade or a demi-glass or a demi-cache?
Demi-urges.
That's a fancy...
Yeah, those aren't the same as gods, are they?
Not quite.
They're like sub-gods?
Yeah, they're like demonic.
They're just forces that have personified.
There are many me's of gods.
Uh, fuck.
Yes.
On the original Fantasy Island, the smaller character was known as Tatooie.
Tatooie?
Tatooie.
Tatooie.
Tatooie.
Tatooie.
Tatooie.
Tatooie.
Like when he goes...
That wasn't him.
That was one of his characteristics.
And an urgent.
I know nothing.
I know nothing.
Ah.
Ah.
Pull up job.
My land.
So I've got an uncontrollable demi-urge.
And the show is still continuing, right?
At this very moment?
Yeah.
The Mark Mothersbaugh art show.
The Mark Mothersbaugh art show goes on through August.
You know, I was reading some of the catalog descriptions in that.
I was thinking at one point there was a little art show of those Devo Power Dome hats.
Oh, yeah.
And in the catalog, it described it as Mothersbaugh-inspired dress wear or something like that.
And I thought to myself, is Jerry Casale going to just explode when he reads that?
Because, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But I do know that both at the Mocha Art Gallery
and at the Mothersbaugh Art Gallery,
and at the Akron Art Museum, that Mothersbaugh show goes on through August 28th.
Yeah, a couple of months.
Yes.
And there's a giant $40 book out about how Mark Mothersbaugh is the god of art.
Yes.
And again, I'm just thinking, man, Casale and the other Devo guys,
it's just biting their tongues, I guess.
I'm not saying Mark hasn't done tons of great stuff.
I agree with you.
He has actually done tons.
Really, really cool art.
And by tons, I mean tons.
There's something like 30,000 little postcards that he drew.
There's one that's probably got a picture of me on it in there.
I'm serious.
Because he'd just whip them out.
That's what he did instead of drugs.
Can you believe what a screwed up person he must be?
Instead of everybody else is going, well, the show's over.
I'm going to go drink me a beer.
Smoke me one of them frappa zippa sticks.
But not Mark.
He would go hide in his hotel room and draw pictures and then do the groupies.
He'd draw pictures on the groupies and then on his postcards while the groupies slept.
What a loser.
No.
So now he's got this giant art show of all those postcards he drew for the last 40 years.
Not a loser.
Sorry.
Do I have a stack of 30 postcards?
No.
What do I have to show for my life?
1,572 hours of slack.
And that's it.
That's it.
A couple of little funny books.
Books, movies.
A couple of funny books.
Videos.
A couple of little underground.
You know, porno movies and things.
Very, very underground.
But, you know, I'm not jealous.
I tell you aren't.
You must yourself deprecate.
Actually, it's funny.
It's actually really funny because in, well, it's in funny, it's kind of tragic for me.
But around 1984, I was staying at Mark Butterspaugh's house.
Can you believe it?
I was working on a Devo video.
Working on the RU.
You experienced a censored Devo video.
Censored by the Hendrix estate.
Made Jamie Hendrix rot in somewhere.
But, and at that time, the Church of the Subgenius, surprisingly, was considered to be an art project.
Little did they know.
But Mark said to me, and I quote,
If you can help me get my art rep back, boy, that would be great.
Because at the time, he was just a rock star.
And we were like the artistes because we weren't famous.
But obviously, let's face it, you know, now I could say to Mark,
Man, it sure would be great if you get me my rock star status back.
For you to help me get my, because I got, my art status is fine.
I got that in 1984 and it doesn't taste good even with ketchup.
As my old boss said about film.
Film awards.
And, but I would love to have that, that fame.
On the other hand, I never did learn how to play musical instruments or draw or do anything useful like that.
No, you were just a pest to large numbers of people.
You'd fill an auditorium and bother them.
You'd vex them.
No, I didn't fill an auditorium.
Well, you came close a few times.
No, no, no.
We came close to standing room only.
Only at some bars that were about the size of your bedroom.
But that's, you know, we never were.
The biggest crowd that I ever had was outside the Republican National Convention in Dallas on August 21st, 1984.
It's easy for me to remember because it was my birthday.
And I was on the rock against Reagan State.
I already bragged about this.
That was the biggest crowd we ever had.
It was about 800 people.
That was all the protesters that came to protest.
That could make it, that could survive the protesters encampment, which they had in the sun next to the jail.
They didn't have like the dissidents factories like they do now.
Oh, I can't wait for, I can't wait for the Republican National Convention here in Cleveland.
I just read that it's, they just declared it illegal to carry fake guns around that convention.
But it's, but you can carry your legal guns.
You can't carry weapon.
You're, you're, if you're legally allowed to carry a weapon, you can.
But if you carry a fake weapon, they'll kill you.
Yeah, they'll kill you.
You know, people in Cleveland, they've made, yeah, they've made sure real good and sure people know what's going to happen if you, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You don't mess with the.
Very turny, turnabout.
Well, you know, actually, I almost saw a guy get killed in San Francisco.
And he wasn't a young black kid.
He was a young white teenager walking around outside a subgenius show in San Francisco with a very authentic looking replica machine gun.
And because a man had gone berserk with a real machine gun in San Francisco the week before, that young man almost died right there outside that Bob show.
But luckily, the great subgenius G. Gordon Gordon, who's an older fellow.
He calmed the cop down and talked him out of busting the kid.
And everybody was calm.
And the whole time G. Gordon Gordon was talking to that cop, he had a big loaded handgun in his pocket that was for real.
He was Bob's bodyguard.
You know what happened that night?
Bob got shot.
Yeah.
But not by a stranger, by puzzling evidence.
So there you go.
Wow.
What you gonna do?
It's just irony laid on top of bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwiches.
Imagine.
It's just irony laying on top of Cleopatra in between Hal and Philo while they double team.
And layers is more irony.
Yeah.
Well.
Yeah.
They're all clover leaf packed off bottom booties just to boot with.
Yeah.
Well, not really, I suppose.
But, you know, behind the cloak door, behind the cloven hoof or whatever the shoe size is.
You know, on the way over here, I was saying to Princess Wee, I worry sometimes that our show sounds like, you know,
just some people having a phone conversation.
And she said, no, no, it doesn't sound anything like that.
It sounds like some guys talking who really talk crazy.
Yeah, that's what I was going to say.
It sounds like a couple of psychotics in a welfare ward.
A couple of people in Ward 5.
Round up tightly.
Long, long time ago.
Yee-haw, yee-haw, yee-haw, yee-haw.
I'm just trying on a brassiere.
I just can't stop singing whenever I do that.
I've seen that happen.
You just warble.
When you try to get that new bra, then you go to warbling and warbling.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
It's a happy day.
Like a lumberjack in heat.
Lumberjack in heat?
You know, this is the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack, from the church of the subgenius.
Something like that.
Which is a slackful.
Religion.
I noticed that our incoming host isn't incoming, but there's someone else here.
Maybe you should check that out, Princess.
Those who are interested in the subgenius projects, which actually do include books and records and films.
Not that the records are on records and the films aren't on film anymore, but you can find more about that at subgenius.com.
And I know you're going to be there.
I know that you want to hear one more Rudy Schwartz project cover song from his new All Sunshine Supers hits album.
And this one is a French classic called Una Lacrima Sous le Viso or something.
I don't know.
How do you put it outside the French?
It's a famous song.
I don't know.
You'll hear it.
On Climbe du Sous-Vin.
Well, Dave, we're glad you're out of the hospital, but we're going to have to go to the hospital or something.
I'm really glad you're on the radio with us.
That's the best part.

Well, at least I wanted to be, if I couldn't be on it, I wanted to be at least within a couple of feet of it.
And you helped me with that.
And I can only thank you just time and time again.
Well, we'll try to get you a better wheelchair for the next episode.
Please do.
I'm out of my feet.
That's all I have.
Okay.
Here comes the Rudy Schwartz project with that Frenchman song.
Okay.
Praise Dave.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yeah.
Yeah.




What am I to you?
A smile, a smile
A monster, your secret
That you are in love with me
And I still don't know
I never understood
I never knew that
That you, that you would love me
But you would never find me
And the crash, oh dear, I don't remember
Where the crippled soul


Was buried
And a miracle of love
That these wounds open for me
That I love only you
And I still don't know

A monster, your secret
That you are in love with me

I never understood
I never knew
That you, that you would love me
But you would never find me
And I still don't know
I never understood
That you, that you would love me
And I still don't know
A smile, a smile
A monster, your secret
That you are in love with me
And I still don't know
That you, that you would love me
And I still don't remember
How to me
But you would never understand
How to me
And I still don't know
How to me

What is wrong with you people?
