From the lost monasteries of ancient Tibet, amid the snow-capped Himalayan mountains,
comes the secret healing part of the subgenius power of the super-machines.
I have a holy table with pictures on it of Buddha and Christ and Maharaji, my guru.
I now have replaced him with Bob. So in the morning I say,
I say, good morning Christ, hello Buddha, good morning Maharaji, hello Bob.
And I see how far I have to go yet. Because after all, it is merely God in drag who's saying,
I bet you won't recognize me this way, will you?
My own first mentor in this field was a japa.
A gentleman named Bob, who signed me the Koh-An-Mu by mail.
I'm sure that must be some sort of footnote to some sand handle somewhere.
All of a sudden I thought to myself, this holy list of Dalai Lama does not tell people to go to hell,
because if he did, they would and he doesn't really want that.
Exactly.
So I asked Bob, I said, Bob, what is he really saying?
Bob said to me, he said, tell him to eat shit.
Nothing happened, huh? Nothing happened, Bob.
You didn't know?
That there is no self to realize, that there is no, nothing there to be liberated from.
That's all, huh?
This is what I am. I'm this awareness. I'm not Bob, I'm not Aja per se.
I'm the awareness of Bob and of Aja.
I have to test it, I have to critically investigate it, I have to examine Bob, the Bob-ness in there.
Look for Bob. And then, if I don't find the Bob, wow, eureka.
Eureka, wait a minute. I was wrong.
Then, but I might still feel like that, but now I begin to realize that my feeling is an illusion.
My feeling is a mistake. So I sort of, I'm self-correcting.
I'm beginning to define my mind. It's beginning to dissolve under analysis, even as it's looking.
I begin to take the mind as the path.
The mind now is looking critically at the false sense of the mind.
And it's not finding it, so it's beginning to melt.
Hello, Bob.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
That new intro was not by the great Fernand and Andy Leamer, but by a new contributor,
Dr. Fr-
Phileas O. Fooey.
Or perhaps it's pronounced Phileas O. Fooey.
Fooey with an F.
A new contributor.
In fact, we have three new contributors in this particular episode of the Hour of Slack.
In fact, let me tell you what he says about that intro.
He says, it's been ten years since I joined the church, and praise Bob, thanks to the Wovid Terror,
I've had time to make some show.
It's some spiritual teachers mentioning Bob.
Dick Alpert, Ken Wilber, Krishna Das, UG Krishnamurti, Adyashanti, and Uma Thurman's dad, Robert Thurman.
He also sent a second track, which I'm about to play.
He says, this is from my ambient music.
This is from my ambient project, Transrational Science, with Navy pilot Dave Fravor, describing the Tic Tac UFO he encountered.
Hopefully it's worthy of the Hour of Slack.
I'll send a sacred bribe as soon as the world stops ending or my conspiracy check comes through.
Show forever.
And now this, thanks to Dr. Phileas O. Fooey.
And I'll leave it to everyone to, it's up to you to believe, Bob.
I'll say this, Bob's a normal guy.
Bob's not crazy.
He's not crazy at all.
Not at all.
That was the weirdest thing about talking to him.
But when you look at it and go, because I had asked Bob, I said, but now we go out, we have these things that are coming at will,
and there's nothing we can do about it.
We don't know what they are.
We have confirmed sighting by two aircrew, four of us, two planes, that said, look, this is not...
This is not an airplane.
This is not a weather balloon.
This is not a blip.
It has performance well beyond.
And then it became aware because it turned and it actually mirrored what I was doing.
It was coming down and it came up.
So it was obviously knew we were there.
And I don't know if it was picking up energy coming off the airplane or what.
I do know that I'm trying to lock it in actively.
It jammed a radar.
It's trying to get a range.
It can't do that.
So when it says 99.9, the radar cannot see this object.
Literally, if something can just shoot at it.
It can show up at will and do whatever it wants.
I'd probably at least pay attention.
What if you had the technology?
We still, if what Bob says is correct, we still don't understand it.
And how fast would it take us to understand it?
I mean, if it's driven by something that we don't even have on Earth, I think there's more out there.
And if I could get word out to anyone, especially the debunkers of one,
quit trying to debunk it because it is what it is.
It wasn't a system glitch.
I mean, this was a real incident.
It happened.
It was a real accident.

Number two is, let's open our aperture a little bit and start thinking outside of the box.
Technology like that would be a game changer for mankind.
Completely.
I mean, it would literally, I don't know, think opposite.
Developing technology like this, if you keep it to yourself, you've got something that
no one else has, and it's a huge leap.
I mean, it's a quantum bomb.
Do you share it?
Do you?
Because it's a mankind thing.
Or do you?









Or do you keep it for yourself?
Right now, it's not for me to decide.
I'm just staying.
But really impressive to talk to them at the level that you can, which is, for us, would
be an unclassified level.
But the stuff that goes on behind closed doors, there's reasons for it.
Because if a technology like that got out where someone could rapidly reproduce it after
all you've done, or they got it first, you take it to the atomic bomb.
Germans almost had it.
We got it.
Russians were working on it.
We got it first.
We got it.
We changed the world.
We literally changed the world.
We got it first.
From PR News in Washington, I'm partially collapsed throughout the area.
President Trump is endorsing Anne Frank's first book.
After some delay, the White House is now confirming the president is formally endorsing Anne Frank's
first book.





Without Trump, Anne Frank's cookbook might not have been published.
Anne Frank's cookbooks on baking children sitting on the PR News pile.
The president says the bill is a way to protect American workers who are willing to work for
less PR News.
The Dow 40-20-20-22-22-27-41-3-5.
The Pentagon says this is PR News.
They want to 매 House for Creators底 transcription and

The hedge fund estate account antidote,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 있다
aderle destokki Bernard Bog

Thank you.
We now rejoin our regularly scheduled program.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
This time, this time of the month.
That doesn't sound like a great deal of fun to me, sitting in a hotel room all day going boom.
I'm not bumping right now.
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
Oh no, you don't get the idea.
I'm not bumping right now.
Goes on.
Does anyone want to switch seats?
Gather, gather, gather, gather to pray.
Gather, gather, gather, gather to pray.
Hey.


Hey.
There was a lot of praying.
There was a lot of praying.
A lot of, lot of, lot of praying.
Vuba, vuba, vuba, vuba, vuba, vuba, vuba, vuba, vuba.
Hey, you.
You alive?
Good.
Good.
I was not.
But, my life is fun.
Hey, according to the charter, as chief constable, I'm supposed to get a pig every month.
And two comely lasses of virtue true.
Keep the pig.
How many broads?
And I will have my own pigbo
Well.
My word.
What do you mean your work is done? You didn't do anything.
Didn't I?
You little...
Oh, yes, dear friends. This is Hour of Slack number 1778.
And that collage, titled Anatomy of a Sample, came to us from someone named Sheridan in Cleveland
who said he or she should have gotten this stuff to us long ago, and more of that will be forthcoming.
Dave's not here, man.
This is the third day in a row that we plan to do a show together, but he put it off because he's not feeling so good.
A lot of people are not feeling so good.
I'm fine, and I'll be reading from our out-of-print book, The Subgenius Cyclopathy,
and I'll be reading from the Wikipedia of Slack, the bibliographon.
But first I have a little news that will interest about three of you.
My imprisoned sister has the virus, as does pretty much everyone else in any prison in the United States of America.
My dog Buddy got bitten in the face by a rattlesnake.
But he's fine now and almost back to normal.
He would have died for sure.
We've not gotten him rattlesnake vaccinations every year and taken him to the incredibly expensive all-night animal ER in the big city.
Those rattlesnake vaccinations are $120 a shot, but they actually work.
And no, there's no such thing for Humes.
He also had to have two anti-venom shots, which cost $1,000 each.
That would have been $5,000 each if it happened to me or you.
Plus he's in intensive care for three days, or he was.
So, ouch all around.
The important thing is he's still with us and begging for walks.
To keep rabbits out of my huge straw bale garden and snakes out of the yard,
I've spent the last three days installing chicken wire along the bottom of my house.


It's a great way to give some space for a few of my dogs to climb the chicken wire.
Yes, I know snakes can climb chicken wire, and the small ones can just slither right through,
but hopefully it's a deterrent.
And I also ordered another pair of snake guards, or snake gators as they're called, for our legs.
I would order four more pairs, but I'm pretty sure the dogs won't wear them.
Here in Glenrose, Texas, we're the only customers wearing masks in stores.
Here in Glen Rose, Texas, we're the only customers wearing masks in stores.
get extra funny looks because we wear masks made from the lower half of a Dobbs head t-shirt. So
you can see our eyes but our nose and mouth is that of Bob's maniacal grin. And we also caught
somebody selling bootleg Bob masks and shut them down. Now so far there hasn't been one known case
of Captain Trump's in our little county but I predict many in three or four months seeing as
how the pew packers are back to packing pews and going to honky-tonks. A surprising number of them
seem to believe that people are dying all over the entire globe just to make Trump look bad.
And yes I am tired of winning. Winning the contest of country with the most deaths
and the most deaths and the most deaths and the most deaths and the most deaths and the most

deaths and worst response. Now being a semi-hermit weirdo artist with a mail order business living in
the woods and married to somebody with a pension my lifestyle hasn't been affected that much aside
from constantly worrying about my sister and a few thousand other subgeniuses who don't have it so
good. Dr. Philo Drummond also lives in the woods and is self-sustaining and we both literally owe
our
current safety to that man Bob. Praise Bob. Okay now I'm going to read from the third testament
the Bobliagraphon which was published in 2006 and promptly forgotten when the publisher went
out of business for other reasons. You can still get copies on eBay for about a hundred bucks.
I believe I read the first half of the chapter on the conspiracy called subgenius versus them
a few hundred shows ago. So this is the second half of that chapter. Most of it's written by me
Nenslow and Onan Canobite interwoven and spliced by me. Let me preface this by saying that I don't
consider the current day Republicans and Democrats to be two sides of the same coin. The Democrats are
currently not deliberating. They're not deliberating. They're not deliberating. They're not deliberating.
They're not deliberating. They're not deliberating. They're not deliberating. They're not deliberating.
pouring poison into their own well just in order to make Republican snowflakes upset.
The Democrats, even the idiotic extremist ones that are embarrassments to me,
are mostly saying let's not pour any more poison into any of the wells. But that attitude seems
to be really infuriating to some Republicans who react with you can't tell me what to do.
So okay, pour away. I have my own well and it doesn't vote. But wait, if it doesn't vote, that means it voted for whoever wins.
Huh. Dang. Incidentally, I got a letter from a listener saying he wasn't going to listen to our slack anymore because it had become, quote, quote, the show is becoming unlistenable, unfortunately.
Unfortunately.
I don't want to hear a senile cat lady repeating her ice cold political opinions week after week.
I get it. You're fixated on mundane politics. The Trump obsession is just so boring. When I hear people talking about him, I just turn it off.
I'm not going to devote my brain to thinking about a politician each and every waking minute. I'm kind of thinking maybe he already is.
I thought you were better than that man. It's sad to hear you align yourself with a dumb American political party. It's sad because your show has given me a lot of joy over the years. I'm not feeling that anymore. Maybe you aren't either. Anyway, I hope you get over it and get back to being interesting and fun. Maybe that's impossible. I don't know.
I responded,
I guess you're lucky you didn't have to pay for it all those decades. I totally understand and believe me, I'm way more tired of doing the damn show than you are of listening to it. I have literal tons, well, literal pounds of killer old subgenius written and illustrated stuff from the 1990s by many people that came along after publishing got too expensive and before the internet was usable.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm a junior scientist living and hiking in ancient woods and creeks full of other fossils like myself and studying everything everywhere so I'll know a lot before I croak and my whole brain is totally erased.
Sounds like you're the one who's worked up about a dumb American political party.
MAGA!
So, there you go.
By the way, my sniffling is not due to...
Covfef 19, but allergies.
We really do live in the woods and it's serious allergy time.
Okay.
All right here.
I'll get to some ranting here.
Somewhere here.
Here, I'll just start in the middle.
The Soviet Union broke up?
Good!
Then by gobs, it's time for the USA to break up into the disunited states and then break up a lot more.
Household sovereignty is what we're talking about.
If you study chimpanzees or kindergarten children for a week, politics will suddenly make sense.
You mustn't let petty primate politics bring you down to their level.
Rise above it.
Inflate.
Blow yourself up and float placidly high above the middle of the road.
From whence you can survey how silly they all look.
Here's Nenslow on politics.
This is just Nenslow.
Good citizen Nenslow decided he'd spite the juvenile moron anarchists, i.e. drunks on welfare, next door.
And do his dash blinking civic duty and register to vote.
Ha ha ha.
Boy, it is a good thing.
Is that, quote, unmasked the alienation behind society's lies, unquote.
I guess we should have smashed the state when we had a chance, huh?
Except we've never been able to conquer the urge to guffaw.
When we run into someone so naive they have to demonstrate that their behavior is justifiable by using some sort of political ideology.
Politics is the stupidest thing there is.
It was invented by boring nitwits to make each other think they have some sort of control over their lives and circumstances.
An utterly idiotic idea that only a total boob would ever possibly swallow.
And anarchism is absolutely the dopiest, drippiest, lamest type of politics, in defense of which statement we need only remind you that it was invented by the French.
No anarchist will ever get the grudging,
respect of Nenslow without first acknowledging us as king.
So just shut up, all of you.
Nenslow, 1994.
Uh, King Nenslow.
King of all the anarchists.
The system is a self-perpetuating idiocracy.
Well, I think this was written before that movie came out.
The system is a self-perpetuating idiocracy that utilizes the foolproof, time-worn, good cop, bad cop technique to convince you that one side of the conspiracy is your buddy.
The big con gives you your own little con enemy to hate.
And your own little con friend to join.
It's set up so that we would appear to have only the two basic options.
Both of them slackless.
And neither of them there for any real reason but to control us.
In theory, the U.S. alone should offer almost 300 million political options.
But needless to say, they eliminated all of those in order to hide the only possible correct option, the word of Bob.
The terms liberal and conservative are both practically meaningless.
Like Bible passages, they can mean so many different things that they cancel themselves out in internal contradictions.
Each side uses the other, however, as an excuse to remove different kinds of slack.
One robs this kind of slack.
The other robs that kind of slack.
Whichever steals the most from you forces you to side with the one that steals less.
And then they have you exactly where they want you!
On one of these!
On their sides!
Believing one half of the conspiracy.
But we want Big Brother out of both the boardroom and the bedroom.
Here's some more nenzletic political theory.
If you want to see even the most intelligent and clear thinking of your acquaintances suddenly gloss over and begin repeating
whatever double or triple reverse conspiracy programming with which they've been infected,
just state the simple facts.
The conspiracy blinds its dupe with a cloud of dreams,
makes them think that something other than the profits of multinational corporations
even matters in how the world wobbles along.
I blame the fraudulent concept of, quote, rights, unquote.
Onan once sadly quoted to me,
the wisest thing his progenitor ever said.
There's no such thing as rights.
There are only privileges temporarily allowed because the conspiracy cannot at present turn them to profit.
Invisibility is your best defense.
There are three basic levels of conspiracy.
I'm going to read those three.
Number one, everything's going pretty well so don't make waves.
This keeps the vast normal majority quiet.
Number two, everything's totally screwed so burn it all down.
This gets dumbasses to make spectacles of themselves
so the riot police know who to get and club and arrest.
Who to gas and club and arrest.
Number three, lots of things are pretty screwed up,
but if we work real hard, we can change the system.
This keeps potentially dangerous people busy performing pointless tasks
like volunteer work for third party candidates.
And as Nenslow said in 2004,
all you need to know is that the people who decide how things get run
put different puppets on the line.
And that's why we're going to have to get them on stage every once in a while
and let the drones have lots of fun thinking they're the ones who decide which puppet it is
and that it'll make a big difference.
There's an illustration here of a snake with a pipe saying,
I can't tread on you.
And another picture, these are both by Lee Murr.
I am proud to be following orders to protect the hive.
My weapons of mass destruction can beat up your weapons of mass destruction.
Divide and conquer works.
We should know.
The countless smaller conspiracies, each with their own target captive audiences,
stay so busy fighting among themselves that the good old boys at the top,
with their pals in organized crime, have nothing to fear.
The minorities and weirdos compete against each other
while the man laughs.
And the burning man burns.
But all the while, Bob fropps and laughs,
trout fishing from his rowboat of tranquility in a placid lake.
While back on Wall Street, his assets' values skyrocket,
powered by nothing more than his sheer unthinking slack power.
You can choose to fight some specific branch of the conspiracy tooth and nail,
or you can choose to fight the conspiracy tooth and nail, or you can choose to fight the conspiracy tooth and nail,
or you can choose to avoid the entire thing by becoming a conspiracy of one.
As Bob said,
it's your conspiracy.
You can make it as big as you want.
Always remember, friends, according to Dobbs,
any politician who does not have a subgenius membership card in its pocket
is absolutely not to be trusted.
Any politician who has a membership card in its pocket
is absolutely not to be trusted.
And here's a picture of a real button that actually exists.
Don't blame me, I voted for Bob.
Perhaps the republic goons and the democratins
are already engaged in total self-destruction even as we speak.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Even so, they'd only be replaced by two more equally treacherous bear traps for suckers.
The refertarian party, maybe, versus the liberform party.
Certainly not patriopsychotic anarcho-materialism.
Anything but that, then there'd be no conspiracy at all.
And if it weren't for the conspiracy,
we would be the normals.
We patriopsychotic anarcho-materialists,
the evangelical free-fropping sex branch,
believe in
DIVERGITY.
Whoever kills the other guy first wins.
Every yard a kingdom.
Just as diversity is essential to a biosphere,
or a porno mag,
there must always be liberal and conservative numbskulls
to balance each other out.
As long as the great pendulum of history keeps on swinging
and isn't stuck on one side,
that's a good sign.
The scurrying earth fools seem to require these distractions
as they scamper about performing their silly little mammalian puppet acts.
But we must learn to rise above the false little conspiracies,
dangled like easy answers before our blinder tubes,
oh, our droogies.
There is only one true conspiracy.
The conspiracy of normals.
As Bob Dobbs said to Onan Canobite in 1980,
How many conspiracies does it take to totally oppress
all subgeniuses everywhere for all of history?
One.
Mutants must agree to disagree.
Mutant A can look the other way when El Presidente
conducts secret wars,
loots savings and loans,
makes deals with terrorists, etc.
And Mutant B can look the other way
when El Presidente sneaks out with his illicit girlfriend.
But what in the name of God did all those brave soldiers
die for in all those wars?
For the freedom of little old ladies and frustrated eunuchs
to castrate everyone who happens to somehow possess normal sexuality?
The freedom for crazy fundamentalists to decide what happens to them?
The freedom for the American drug dealers to
to addict children to the most insidious drugs
while destroying the lives of adults who use medications
that happen not to be patentable?
Did all of those brave soldiers die just so that a secret royal gang
of fat, bald, white guys could make a living?
And make yet more money?
Well, like those white crosses at Arlington Cemetery
spell out when viewed from an airplane,
there's plenty more where these came from.
And as Uncle Sam says as he points at you from that poster,
I want your money.
And the music in the background was from Kenneth Anger's movie,
Lucifer Rising.
Very, very weird underground movie.
Music by Bobby Boussoulet, who's one of the Manson killers.
This was recorded in a prison.
And Ken Anger specifically told me in person after I asked,
I said, I'm going to go to prison.

He told my grandmother, I'm going to arrest theز





not to use this music with anything because it's
sacred music that goes just with Lucifer Rising
but,
as Bob asked,
I asked, is anything sacred?
And now this.
Oh, hi.
Hi.
What are you doing here?
This mess is my mind.
You make it difficult
not to be unkind.
You're talking in circles
who don't understand.
And why is this object
you place
in my hand?
So you can levitate
since when can you do that?
I wish you'd stop it now
or you'd frighten me again.
There's shooting laser beams
and teleporting too.
You can do anything.
I'm very nice to you.
You're talking in circles
who don't understand.
And why is this thing
that you place in my hand?
While you were my lover
I knew what to expect.
You ate up all my baby bells
and never washed it.
You're a little bit too much.





But your heart is Roman.
Go and have a good time

even if you're the best on the world right now.
Are you going to be alright?
My band has gotten better.
Now it will get better
if you are at least a little stronger.
Where can I use thatcolored hairbrush
when I wear 안기?

I liked you better when you were a memory instead
You're talking in circles I don't understand
And what is this trust that you've placed in my head?
You're laughing at my voice, our lives unclear
I thought that we had an arrangement, my dear
Well, that's yet another new contributor, David Morrison,
with that song, What Are You Doing Here?,
which was made...
mixed by the Rudy Schwartz Project.
How about that?
And now, back to 22X Day with Dr. Howe.
I'd also like to point out, as far as the long,
torturous, humiliating bus rides,
that's the access to medical care for maybe like 75% of Atlanta.
Oh, yeah, but that's true.
Actually, the funny thing is,
my sister actually knows,


she knows that.
She's probably one of the few people
who actually does understand the conditions
in the rest of the world
and does know that actually she's got it pretty good.
It could be a Turkish prison.
I was about to ask, so she's been abroad?
Well, no, you wouldn't go abroad.
She has a little bit, but she's mainly,
she's a well-read person.
She's got a scientific background.
With the family, right?
You know, yeah, yeah, yeah.
She knows history.
She's finished the Baroque cycle a second time.
I'm on my fourth reading of that.
Well, I was pretty impressed.
It was about 3,000 pages long.
Oh, the new Neil Stevenson book, Fall, is unbelievable.
I hate him so much, I had to buy that book the day it,
the day I read that it had come, it was coming out.
And I got it that day.
Oh, yeah, August 19, Which means it's,
It was the year of August.

By the way, I used to read Wow Affate and jim Adler
to many places back in the lata.
Ever since I got I contour and connectivity
And I mean like I shy off too I think
I don't know about him now.
I'm a rat guy, me and my parents both are rats again.

Yes, but if his fingers were gone, he would find a way to continue writing.
Promise.
He'd dictate it to a eunuch who would write it for him.
Yes, yes, yes.
Speaking of eunuchs, I need a new chimpanzee, a nutless chimpanzee at the office.
The one we've been using, Professor Yeti, is wearing out.
He's old. He's an old guy.
You need a new nutless chimp?
He wears a black Greek fisherman's hat.
A silver muzzle.
Yeah, yeah. He's the one that makes the membership packs.
You need a new one?
I need a new nutless chimp to do the chimp work.
Actually, the chimp work is my favorite part of it.
It's the only time I get to really just listen to stuff for fun.
Yeah, what's with needing a new one? I thought you liked that part.
Yeah.
Well, it was a little tricky doing the 200 memberships last week in three days.
The sudden swell of last-minute membership.
My neck is a bit stiff. I'm a little damaged.
We forgot a few things.
Like a hammer. And tarps.
And a tablecloth to hide our shame.
To hide our shame.
Really?
Yeah.
We usually do have that.
You know, I've had to get ready. I've had a pack for X-Day 24 times now.
Not just for X-Day, but usually for X-Day, then followed immediately by Starwood.
Right. Well, it didn't used to be that way.
But now they're married. X-Day and Starwood got married.
Yes. We like it that way. Sometimes.
Sometimes.
Joined ecumenically.
Joined at the festival.
X-Day is a lot easier, you guys.
At the wrists and ankles.
It's a lot easier. We don't even have to think about insurance.
Or chem toilets.
Or making a profit.
Those things never even enter the picture. Not anymore.
Or being a prophet, refiled in your own land.
Yes, being a prophet.
Right.
I told you not to give me any more pollen.
Oh, I forgot about the pollen. That's right.
Yeah, yeah.
A pollen of Jesus.
Yeah, that would be good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.











Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
That was The Psychoskeletons.
And now,
another collage
by Sheridan.
The Psychoskeletons
by Sheridan.
The Psychoskeletons
by Sheridan.
The Psychoskeletons
by Sheridan.
The Psychoskeletons
by Sheridan.
The Psychoskeletons

The Psychoskeletons
by Sheridan.
The Psychoskeletons
by Sheridan.
The Psychoskeletons
by Sheridan.
Thank you, Sheridan, for that collage.
And friends, you're listening to the Hour of Slack.
If you need more information about the Church of the Subgenius or anything we've been playing or pretty much anything ever,
you might look at subgenius.com, which then gives you links to a million Facebook pages.
The number of Subgenius Facebook pages is too damn high.
For those of you who are imprisoned and can't get on the Internet or whatever,
you can write to us and request things.
At subgenius.com.
Or you can write to Post Office Box.
We'll just make it to Subgenius at Post Office Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
I inherited the P.O. Box 807.
It used to be my dad's.
And I tried to get 808 because 808 spells Bob.
But I couldn't.
And I got some other Bob haddock.
And praised Bob.
Oh, here's some other subgenius news.
No X Day, no Starwood at Wisteria.
Of course X Day will happen.
The X's know our addresses.
And we can rupture at home or go camp out in the woods.
I would say, though, on July 5th,
at 7 a.m.,
don't be indoors.
If you are a subgenius minister,
even if it's pouring rain,
make sure there's not a roof over your head at exactly 7 o'clock.
The way we're lifted up may be more literal
than even some Christian fundies think of their rapture.
There may also be decompression
as you rise up into the sky.

There's a chance you'll be in the upper atmosphere and you might explode.
But don't worry, don't worry.
You're just, uh...
I mean, that's just like casting off an old shoe.
They'll have a new shoe for you when you are on the saucer.
Which, by the way, is not so much a saucer as a reality that you get to run.
So hope you don't freak out when it happens.
Heh heh.
Yeah, it's true. Wisteria is officially closed down. That's the campground that we use for both these festivals. It's closed down for July. Probably a wise move. Things are about to get worse.
However, stay tuned because we'll be doing all kinds of broadcasts and Zooms and teleconferencing and all that kind of crap.
I went to a paleontology meeting last week with 40 people using that Zoom app and it actually worked.
Of course, they weren't subgeniuses, so they weren't all talking at once.
We'll see how that works.
As we shift gears for X day.
As it is, there are forums that you can visit.
There's the subgenius diaspora chat.
It's just a general chat sort of thing for texting.
And then there's the Saturday weekly meetings every day at 4.20 Eastern Time.
There's a special place.
You can go on Zoom and hang out with the host, Pastor Pressure and Princess Wee and me and various other subgeniuses.
It's really a whole lot like standing in the road at X day, which is the best thing about X day.
And nobody's really talking about Bob or X day.
They might be talking about shoes or cats or, you know, you just never know.
But the important thing is that subgeniuses that are doing this.
They're chatting.
And most of them are really cool.
Probably all of them are.
They just aren't all cool to each other.
You see, for every subgenius, there's always at least one that seems designed just to tick off that first subgenius.
It's a lot more than one of those in my case.
And I'm sure that goes both ways.
So thank you, Ken Anger.
And don't sue me for using that music.
And now this.
Anything you guys think of anything created.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.

Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
Let's do the X's Cove.
