Shall we pray?
Lord, I'm afraid that there are those who make no sense, and they don't have to be.
Now comes the part where we say,
The subgenius, our own Slick.
This might be a good place to do a transition.
My father-
Yes, let's change into a vampire or whatever.
When Pappy was in Alaska, he had the chance to go out on the ice with Eskimos.
Real Eskimos with sleds and huskies.
And he did it.
And two hours into that trip, he knew he had made a serious, serious mistake.
But he was with those Eskimos for a couple of days at least.
What was the matter with the idea?
He just couldn't take the Arctic horrors?
There were many, many interesting details which grew every time he told the story.
And I'll tell you.
I recorded it twice.
And I've been holding onto my dad's tale of his stay among the Eskimos for some time when
I'm too busy to do an hour of Slack.
And now I have done the intro for that recording, surreptitiously made, of my father who didn't
know what one of these things was.
You actually have him recorded telling the story?
I recorded my father twice telling the story.
That's so great.
And he was a great storyteller.
Never recorded any of my dad's stories.
My time with the Eskimos.
My dad's story.
My dad's story.
My dad's story.
My dad's story.
My dad's story.



Oh, yes, dear friends.
And this is probably the least typical hour of Slack I've ever assembled.
There's no weird cut-ups.
No Rudy Schwartz project.
No psycho skeletons or rainmakers or lonesome cowboy Dave or even me after this part.
The whole rest of the show is one old subgenius talking.
My pappy.
Now, maybe someday we'll do a mammy show.
Maybe.
Maybe.
But the pappy show is really easy because pappy was a show.
He was a real colorful personality and a raconteur who had been a captain in the Naval
Reserve in intelligence and a 32 degree mason.
He was a lawyer specializing in legal disputes.
And after he retired, he ran half, well, most of the charities.
In this little town.
And he was from way out in the country and grew up shooting rabbits.
But his job and the Navy took him all over the place and he had some real adventures
in his spare time.
Such as this one with the Eskimos, which may not technically be Eskimos.
I know there's a lot of different native groups up there.
I'm not sure which one this is.
And this recording, which was from about 2008.
2010.
He was telling the story to my son and my daughter and her family.
And sometimes you can hear my grandkids in the background.
Pappy was about 83 years old when this was recorded.
Captain Hugh M. Smith, or Pappy, among the Eskimos.
Pappy, are you going to tell those ladies the story of the...
They want to hear it.
They've asked.
Go through the year about 1970.
That was about 40 years ago.
I was about 40.
I was up in Alaska while the pipeline was going on.
I was representing Tesoro Petroleum.
Tesoro is a small oil company.
They may not know the name.
They're doing a small development project on conservation activities and this is not
just ins figuring out how to get the achimals out there.
That's multiple process.
We didn't actually do anything.





So we found out what Chesaulete might be doing, and we were not there.
He couldn't tell them when we got there.
So his daughter died.
come in for supplies every once in a while and they've arranged that the Eskimos will
take you out on a five day journey over the ice. This is up above the Arctic Circle. I
forget the name of the little town, but it was on the Canadian side and the company's
airplane, a Cessna, was available so they flew me over there and I had taken a goose down mummy
type sleeping bag. I had taken some warm clothes, change of socks, change of underwear, some
tissues, and some gloves. I had taken a pair of socks, changed my underwear, some tees, some

toothpaste, toothbrush, and other stuff and made the arrangements with the Canadian Indian agent
there. This is an Indian post, not Eskimo post, Indian trading post, but the Eskimos came in there
to get supplies and they would take these people out on trips five days with the family.
And I had the one who was taking me out, I never understood his name or her name, but he referred
out on the trail, he referred to himself as Ikak, which means human. He was a Chugach, his family
was Chugach tribe, and there was him, he looked like he was about 60, I think he was close to
maybe 37, but he looked like he was about 60, and Mama looked like she was about 160, she was
probably 40. There was a 14 year old boy, and I was guessing at this age, and a 12 year old girl.
Now the girl was alive only because she was the second child.
Because if she had been the first one, they would have killed her at birth
because girl babies cost time and troublesome.
The agent said, you won't need this, you won't need this, you won't need this.
He left me with my sleeping left wrap, we left the tekrar came in the future they staged a

bag. He said you can take the change of drawers but you'll never use them. And
when he said that I should have caught on to something. But it didn't occur to me.
But I kept them anyway. He said what you got on is enough. I had on the pants and a shirt
like I got on now. It was a khaki shirt. And I had insulated coveralls that the company
had supplied because every time people go up there they have to give them the stuff.
And I had felt packs on. That was boots that were lined with.
Pieces of felt about that thick. About a half inch thick in all directions. And the
reason I found out why they used felt is because if your feet sweated it would absorb the sweat
and it wouldn't freeze. The truth of the matter is I never. Oh and I had a thermometer. He
said you can keep that but it's only a matter of interest. And it didn't put me in the
room. It didn't take up much room. And I stuck it up in here. And he said I wouldn't
leave it exposed too much. I said why not. He said it might break. I should have opened
my eyes. But I thought he was talking about the glass being so cold it would be brittle.
I didn't think about the fact he was talking about the mercury freezing. He he he he. Anyway
we got started. The little girl was about as ugly as that. The little boy was about
as ugly as one of them little weenies. Mama and Papa were ugly beyond belief. And we started
out. We hadn't gone I would say two miles. I looked back at the shore and it was just
kind of sliced.
Now keep in mind.
I was out over the ocean. This is a perma. Wasn't permafrost of course it was. But the
ocean had frozen. Salt water. And everybody thinks if the ocean freezes over it's great
big flat little plane. Well it ain't nothing like that. It's tumbled up pieces of ice and
it frozen and frozen thawed and then jumbled back up. And so the dogs have to fight to
pull the sled up over these little ridges and they're sharp pieces of ice everywhere.
He had eight dogs and this sled about as big as this table. About as wide maybe a little
narrower running on these two things and it was piled up high. I would have never thought
that eight dogs could ever pull the damn thing. I would have thought it would require about
a team of horses. But those dogs just pulled it right along. Except when they got to a
ridge he had to help push it over. Lift up the front end and push the back end. He and
the boy. And when we hadn't been gone two miles the agent had let me keep two Hershey
bars with almonds.
And I had nylon gloves on. The reason I had nylon gloves on that fit fairly firm was because
the military and I didn't have anything to do with the military required you to have
gloves in case you took your mittens off you touched something that you wouldn't stick
to it. Because I promise you if you took your warm fingers and touched something up there
you would stick to it.
Because the moisture in your fingers would instantly freeze. And it would require a lot
of effort to take it off. So it's a court martial offense among the military mostly
air force not to have gloves. So I had my gloves and I'm not stupid. I knew that little
kids mamas made their little kindergarten kids tie ribbons on their gloves and run it
up through their sleeve over their shoulders down to the top of their sleeves. And they



would tie them to the other one so they wouldn't lose them. Because little kids take their
mittens off and lose them.
And I knew if I lost a mitten or a glove I'd be in trouble. So I took the time to sew them
on. My mittens were loose I couldn't do that.
And I got out there and I reached into my pocket, pulled a mitten off, stuck it down
in one of the holes in the cover.

all and coveralls had zippers everywhere. There was a zipper on the arm and zipper on the leg,
zipper down the front, zipper down the back, just zipper the cover those with zippers everywhere.
And I put my mitten down in my and started unwrapping that Hershey bar and through this
brown paper and the silver wrapping down on the ice. And they stopped and they marveled at it,
at the paper and they tipped their sled up on the side and Mama San brought out this little clay,
looked like clay, could have been a rock bowl and went to pull back a flap of skin and chipped off
some ice and put it on the ground. And I put my mitten down and I put my zippers on and I put
in this little thing and put it on top of a primer stove they pulled out, a little primer stove.
They got some modern equipment you know. I was like, oh boy, look at that. Click click,
and that fire just went up. And it wasn't two minutes before that water was sizzling,
about that much water, and the thing about that big. And I said, that's not going to be a cup
of tea. They put a great wob of shredded tea in it. Oh they loved that tea.
And we had a ceremony. Poured out that stuff after it boiled and put it in a little cup and
handed it to me because I was the guest. And I sipped it and it looked down, it was just filled
with shredded tea leaves and it was thick as syrup. And I tasted it like that and it tasted
like just the essence of tea. I blew the top of your head off and it was hot. And I sipped it,
and I realized I was supposed to pass it around, and everybody took a sip. They were grinning and
you know, celebrating and pointing to the paper. And I was getting quite impatient.
Because we were going to be out there five days, I had no idea where we were going,
I had no idea where we were going, I had no idea where we were going, I had no idea where we were going,
I had no idea where we were going, I had no idea where we were going, I had no idea where we were going,
I hadn't got there. I had asked the agent where we were going. He said out there they'd turn around and
come back. Take a big leap. What were we going to do out there? He said whatever they do did
it along. And when they stopped within two miles I was already impatient. I wanted to hurt them, and I thought I did it, but I wasn't going.
and get where we were going. We were wasting a bunch of time. Well I wasn't
really upset about it but kind of curious and I had been told that the
mama would not or papa would not offer his wife up as an offering to a friend
for sexual engagement as they normally do because we white folks were barbaric
you know and didn't understand that kind of arrangement of treatment and being
nice to people. And there was good reason why I'll tell you about it in a minute.
But they also said now don't watch with real interest intensely whatever he's
doing with his tools because if he gets the notion that you are watching
kids and you're not watching kids and you're not watching kids and you're not
watching kids and you're not watching kids and you're not watching kids and you're not watching kids with envy he will not turn
around you say what don't you have one of those or don't you know anything
about things what do you do is throw it down kind of in a disdainful way like he
doesn't need it so you can pick it up and have one because he wants to be
polite to you and if you don't pick it up you think that you so smart you don't
need one.
Well you may die out there because he has thrown away a tool and you were too
stupid to not pick it up so don't put him in a situation where he will think
he's doing you a service by throwing it away where you can pick it up because if
you don't you may die. Well now that's like telling somebody don't stick your
tongue down in the hole in your tooth. Well you have a cavity have you ever tried to do that?
Keep your tongue away from that hole? I can't do it. My tongue just go right straight through.
Well I couldn't keep my damn eye off of what mama-son was doing. Anyway they put
everything back in straighten it up told the dogs to get moving mush-mush and
they didn't say mush-mush only it didn't come out like mush it was more like a
mosh you know something and they went on and
they were going to get me out of there.
I had a little piece of chocolate bar and I had enjoyed my little piece of chocolate bar and I'd stuck the other half down in my pocket and I was getting bored just walking along you know kind of trotting half walking half trotting nothing to do and there's nothing to see.
Oh I got to tell you as we were going out there was a Scotchman a red-headed guy with kind of bristly hair kind of curly and bristly.
who was going out with another family but they had started out about 15 minutes
before my family started so I knew they were out there somewhere but I didn't
see him anything. He comes into it later and we went along and this is January
the 3rd and there's no Sun up in the sky but we could see that the sun was going to come out of the sky.
And it was easy enough I could read a newspaper if I had one because there's enough reflection from the stars to be and all that white to see it was like twilight.
But there's no sun. Never did see the sun. I would see a faint way to the south a faint little arc you know but no sun just faint little arc of light.
And the aurora borealis.
You never saw such a sight. I was felt like I was under it. I had seen it from Massachusetts and I'd seen it from Maine.
It looked like great sheets of big curtains swirling around like that and would flicker.
And it reminded me of the curtains over a stage you know as it goes back and forth with the swirls.
Only this was right under it and it wasn't just a light green like it usually is.

It had yellows and oranges in it. God it was the most spectacular thing.
And I thought to myself Father Boris of the North Wind, God of the North.
I thought Boris you're not too bad.
Now what do they do you know they have those things at the South Pole?
And what do they call the ones the lights at the South Pole?
You don't know did you? You never thought about it did you?
You think just because we got a North Pole.
There's no such thing as a South Pole.
Well there is.
And it's called the Aurora Australis.
Which means southern lights.
Anyway Father Boris gave the display that first time I saw it.
And it occurred to me that it's night.
Because you normally didn't see the aurora during the day.
But I found out later on you don't know whether it's day or night.
I had my watch but I never looked at it that I recall.
But I didn't know I just assumed that it was night time because the aurora was there.
It could have been day.
And that was I was amazed.
I was really fascinated by it.
And they stopped.
They'd seen it so damn many times they didn't pay much attention to it.
And I kept pointing at it.
Mama saw it and kept on tinkering.
And we went on and it wasn't something they found.
Digging in the ice there was a catch where they had some salmon buried for the dogs to eat.
It was frozen.
And chunks of salmon about that thick and about that big around.
And they pulled all this stuff out and whacked it and busted it.
And threw these chunks of salmon to these dogs.
They'd staked them down.
And these dogs
And the damn salmon was gone.
I never saw such a thing in my
Gone.
Eat.
Eat.
And the next morning.
They tipped the thing over.
The sled over.
And spread out a rug for me.
And I laid down on top of it.
And they kind of pulled down another piece of skin.
Kind of make a cover on it.
And they laid down.
Lengthwise.
We were perpendicular.
Only they let me kind of stay lateral up to the sled.
And they laid down on these in the same clothes on these skins.
And pulled a skin up over all of them.
Big skins.
And they were black skins.
And it would cover all of them.
All four.
I didn't sleep much.
Because I was in this cocoon thing.
You know when I say cocoon sleeping bag.
I'm talking about one that fits right this and kind of goes right down to your feet.
And it's not much wider than that.
Your feet are warm in it.
But you can't get any movement.
You can't spread out.
You can bend up.
But it's very uncomfortable.
And with my clothes on.
And I realized right then and there.
I had carried along a set of underclothes.
That I was going to change.
And I realized right then and there.
That first night.
That I would never change my underclothes.
There was no way I was going to get undressed.
And that kind of cold.
The temperature I looked at was about 80 below.
Later it broke.
80 below is hard to imagine.
If you spit.
It cracks.
It freezes.
And goes crack, crack, crack.
On the wall.
On the way to the ground.
Because it freezes so fast.
Anyway.
I didn't get much sleep.
But we had some tea.
And Mama pulled out some meat.
That was.
Seemed to be.
Fairly soft.
And I pulled my mittens off.
So I could.
And it was strips of seal.
That had a kind of a film on it.
A kind of a slick slime.
It was not frozen.
But they were eating it.
And had fat white stuff all around it.
You know.
Blubber.
It was stiff.
The blubber was.
Like.
Not like lard.
You know.
What.
Fat.
Pork fat looks when it's cold.
How it's stiff.
Well that's what it was.
It was stiff.
Like eating fudge.
White fudge.
Only it tasted like.
Whale blubber.
Or seal blubber.
And this meat was.
Red.
But it had a kind of.
Slime on it.
But it was fairly tender.
You could.
Bite off a piece.
And it would come off.
And it tasted salty.
And it was.









And kind of smoky.
And vile.
And I thought to myself.
Is this what my diet's going to be.
And about two days later.
It had never occurred to me.
That I didn't have any toilet tissues.
And it didn't occur to me that there were no bushes out there.
There were no trees that I could escape.
To go behind.
There was not a damn thing.
Maybe a piece of snow.
Or a sheet of ice.
That was built up.
That I could go behind.
But every time I started to go over.
Behind something like that.
Here would come this boy.
I found out later.
His job was to keep me from walking.
On thin ice.
There's a lot of ice.
Where warm currents come up.
And warm the ice.
And it gets thin.
I learned to detect it.
About three days later.
When it has a kind of a gray tinge to it.
You know.
That's not white or crystal.
It looks smoky.
And he wanted to keep me from walking into it.
Because the guide.
This trading post man said.
Now Mr. Smith.
If you fall in.
They are not going to pull you out.
And I said.
Well as long as you stay in the water.
You will live approximately eight minutes.
Before you expire.
And go down.
If they pull you out.
You will be dead.
In probably thirty seconds.
And I said.
Well that's a wonderful thing.
I ain't going to fall in.
Well that's what that little boy followed me around for.
Because he pulled me away.
A couple of times.
And I said.
Well.


And so.
Three days went by.
And I had yet to pass water.
They saved their water.
They.
Mama.
And that little girl would squat down.
And they would gather it in one of these little.
Looked like clay pots.
And stick it down into the sled.
Because this was the only liquid they had.
Now.
Papa and that boy was doing the same thing.
But I didn't see them.
Because they would be off.
Way out ahead of the.
Of the dogs.
You know.
Or.
Off to the side somewhere.
I never saw them.
But they.
I know that's what they saved.
Because.
That's the only liquid they had.
And I saw them use it.
They spent one.
One whole day.
I guess it was a day.
They.








Papa had chopped a hole in the ice.
Apparently he had been there before.
Where it's not too deep.
And he put a polar bear skin down.
Folded it up.
So it was about as big as this section right here.
And he squatted down on it.
And he had a harpoon right beside him.
And he stayed there.
Must have been eight hours.
And never moved.
Because we were about a quarter of a mile off.
Sitting and waiting until the water was gone.









And he was talking.
And I wanted to tell you something.
It was boring.
It was boring.
And all I could think of was where can I go and pee pee.
Because I was getting into desperate straits.
Desperate.
Well I ultimately asked them for a cup.
And I went off and the boy went with me.
And I pee peed into a cup.
I had a lot more.
And anyway I got that ordeal behind me.
And I heard a and looked over and Daddy-O had pitched his harpoon down in the water.
A seal had come up to get air.
And a blow hole.
He didn't chop a hole in it.
I think it was a hole already there.
Because it wasn't very long.
He had a kind of a pole and an axe with him.
Anyway a seal had come up to get air.
And he had plunged the harpoon in it.
And the harpoon was tied with seal skin that had been braided.
It was made oh a hundred yards long.
And had it the bitter end a rod about that big around and about that long.
Tied in the middle.
And when that seal dove down it pulled all that line and it would have gone in except
that pole across the hole.

And the pole kept it from going a whop and hit that.
I thought it was going to break.
The seal kept pulling and pulling and would come up this and pull about thirty minutes.
And finally old man hauled him in and pulled the seal up and laid him out on the ice.
And the first thing he did was put his knife at the tail end.
This is a metal knife.
Up at the tail end of his fins back where his equipment was.
And he skinned it right up with that knife.
Right up his belly.
Right on up past his throat into the mouth.
And as soon as he did that this big belly down in the seal said boop as the skin pulled
out you know.
And he stuck that knife into that big belly and you could hear the gas smell it.
And he cut it open and he looked up at me.
He said.










He said.
He said.
And I was.
And he took his mittens off and reached down into the seal's belly and came up and showed
me this juice and he drank it like that and then offered me to go down and I wasn't going
to risk him killing me by insulting me.
You understand?
When he offered me something like that I was going to take it and be nice.
And so I took my mittens off in my little glove.
And I stuck my hand down in there and it felt like it was on fire.
It was hot.
And I don't mean warm.
It was hot.
About a hundred degrees.
Not much is it.
Except that when you take your mittens off anything, anything that's above zero feels
warm.
And it was hot.
And I came up with that.
Juice.
And it had little lumps in it and a touch of green.
And I did like that.
And I was like ooooh.
And then mama and the boy did it and the girls did it last.
And you know what it tasted like?
It tasted exactly like seal vomit.
Little pieces of fish.
And they enjoyed that and they began to.
Daddy took the skin.
He cut along the long side all the way down.
Strips about like that.
And would hold it up in the air and pull it.
And as he pulled it, it would kind of curl.
And freeze.
And he would kind of mold it a little bit.
And.
And I guess within forty minutes he had made me a sled.
A little short sled.
It was a little longer than this.
About half as long as his table.
About this wide.
Nothing to put on it.
He could put some stuff on it.
And two dogs to pull it.
Now he made the runners off of the first strips he did.
And then tied some other cross pieces on it.
And I found out when he was done.

He had tied it.
He would tie a knot before it froze.
And would hold it like that.
And then he would get some of this liquid pee pee.
And he would pour on the knot.
And it would freeze.
And the ice would keep that knot from coming loose.
Because it was frozen.
Like using welding.
And he had me a little nap.
And they put two dogs on it.
With some harnessing.
And.
And indicated to me I was not supposed to ride on it.
Because the back end had.
He had put a kind of a criss cross of skin.
Of strips.
But don't ride on it.
Because two dogs couldn't pull it.
When he wasn't looking I jumped on it.
That was about the third day I guess.
Because I had lost track.
We left there.
I was in the back.
I had to eat.
Piling.
They cut the seal all up.
Oh.
The first thing he did.
I made a mistake.
He didn't cut the stomach.
He cut the liver out.
And held it up to God.
As an offering.
And praised to God.
Because the liver.
To the Eskimo is the seat of life.
Not the heart.
We say I love you from the bottom of my heart.
They would say.
I love you from the bottom of my heart.

liver but they held it up to thank God and they all took a bite out of it and I took a bite out
of it and it tasted like raw liver which I hate raw or cooked and then that's when he cut that
belly open and they cut the meat up did it pretty quick and stuffed it back into the among the skins
on his sled and he put some of the stuff on the sled that they made for me I thought they'd made
it for me I think probably was these indicated you know you have it I didn't know how to run
the dogs anything else that boy did so we started off and about I guess 12 hours later seemed like
a long time this little boy pointed off mean like that and I look and I look
at quite now you know is glaring by but its dark and he point and I couldn't see anything
and we kept on going and lady kind of jerky point and Oliver and I saw a little dot little dot and I
could tell that there's a little dot look like it was moving but I couldn't really tell about
15 minutes later I looked over in this dot I could tell I sat and I thought hey Mr. Levinson
was moving it was something it was moving it turned out to be later the
Scotchman and when he saw me and I saw him we hugged each other like we were
long-lost brethren I had never seen him before in my life and he had never seen
me but we both spontaneously hugged each other oh we could talk how is it all is
grotesque and I told him well he even I was failed wrote this it was a great
reunion he gave me a copy of a Time magazine and I
could choose between reading it and I could choose between reading it and I
cherished it because I thought maybe I'd be able
reading anything to break them or not me or what I've been going through we
stayed there about four hours at night or we acting like we were sleeping well
I started back off and he started back over his family in the other direction
and the meantime now I head nor this is where this
raising honesty and truth from the buddhical heritage as the preceding
indelicate. I had not done number two in about four days and I was really
desperate. That didn't bother them one minute because when they had to go they
just kind of stood up and threw one leg out in front of them and went in their
pants and they seemed to me to be without any regard as to which leg it
will roll down. But they would push their leg out and their toes that would
throw their mukluk, that's the boot, up against the back of the leg so these
things wouldn't roll down into their boot. It would come out at the bottom of
the pants and they would leave these little things that look like they would
make into a nice little poop man because they were just pellets. And I realized
well what?
What?


What in the world kind of diet they must have that because that's what all of them left
these pellets and I think that's what made them so mean because they were a
courageous bunch. They ain't scared of nothing because they were obviously
constipated most of their life but that's what they left behind and with no
real concern. And there I was you know on a good old
healthy American diet and I would have to pull my pants down and so forth and I
knew they were gonna watch. Well it was the fifth day I could not stand it
anymore. I said modesty gone to hell I am going to move my bowels and so I kind
of went off and sure enough they followed. Mama the girl boy and I started zipping down
I told you about all these zippers I got everything down and had more trouble
with my pants underneath and I didn't have any paper. All I had was a
handkerchief.
That Time magazine.
I didn't know that wasn't that didn't even occur to me but I didn't have any kind of tissue or anything.
Anyway there I was and they went round behind me all four of them and squatted down and
watched. You talking about embarrassment now? By this time I had gone beyond it. I
didn't care anymore. Anyway all I had was my handkerchief and I used it and I left
it and obviously we had to stop and have tea.
To celebrate.
Yeah I guess whatever they had tea more and
I never knew where I was going but I wanted to get there. And finally I could tell we were
starting back because the stars that I could see changed the direction because
we've been going that we went in the big circle and then I began to see I never
did see the North Pole I want to tell you that I was up there close but I
didn't know.
North pole. I couldn't tell which it was.
I could see Orion way down...
You want more?
It was I mean it really went low and that was when I thought were we're heading
back and we got back and oh we did?
After we killed the Sega the wind came up and they stopped and they didn't





and to make a shelter, igloo.
And that's when I found out how they used that liquid.
They had a kind of a wooden, looked like a wooden shingle
that had a kind of a handle on it.
It was on the wood itself.
And it was sawed down in.
This snow is not ice.
And it's not like ice cube, because it wouldn't.
It was like fairly firm snow, but not fluffy.
It never snowed while I was there.
The most I saw was a fog, a ground fog about this high.
You stick your hand in, you couldn't see a damn thing.
But it kind of, it's so dry that you can't get
over the Eskimos.
Those Eskimos are the best.
They were always constantly touching their gloves
to the ground or to something and touching that way,
getting water.
It was constant.
It was just kind of like that.
Because I didn't have any water,
and I started doing the same thing.
But it's so dry.
Some sourdoughs back at the camp is talking to me
about how dry it was and that 4% humidity.
And that you couldn't get water out of the snow.
I said, of course you couldn't.
You can get water out of the snow.
Oh, no you can't, Mr. Smiley.
You can't do it.
There's not enough water in it.
And I said, well, I'll show you how to do it.
All right.
So I got a coffee can about that size, and I packed it with snow.
I mean, I packed it hard.
You know, I didn't just fool around.
I packed it in there, and I got a stove, a gas stove,
the camp stove, and set that thing and put a seal on it.
And I put a seal on top of it so it would hold it in there.
And I could hear that thing just down there sizzling,
just melting that snow.
And about five minutes later, I took the top off,
and that can was bone dry.
There wasn't a drop of water in it.
Not a drop of moisture.
I paid them the money.
I learned not to bet them anything,
no matter how foolish it sounded.
But anyway.
I got a coffee can.
There we were.
And I had been pounding this water like they did.
I got back, and I gave the camp, the Indian agent.
I bought a couple.
I said, what should I give them?
Something.
He said, a knife.
I said, what?

I said, I don't have any.
He said, that's generally what we want.
An axe is always good.
The only thing.
But the ladies will want a blanket more than anything else.
I bought two blankets, and I presented them with a blanket.
Oh, they were so gracious.
In the igloo, they cut the snow out,
and they cut it kind of down about as deep as this table.
And then spread it around the hole.
Take another.
And left the surface of the ice part of inside the circle.
In other words, they'd take the snow around and put it around
so that the ground, so to speak, became the platform inside
the igloo.
The hole was for the cold air to go in.
And the ledge that they left inside
was about as big as this table, maybe a little smaller.
And Mama took a bowl, and it had oil in it.
It was congealed with a wick.
And lit it.
And inside the igloo, my temperature
showed it was about 50 below when I
occurred to take the temperature inside.
And 30 minutes later.
It was up to zero.
And 30 minutes after that, it was up to 30.
And I noticed that they were sitting there on their skin,
and they were beginning to pant.
And they took their parka off.
I was still not anywhere near getting warm.
But they took their parka off, and they had underneath a kind
of transducer.
And they had a little thing that was called a



It looked like parchment.
You know what I'm talking about?
It was the lining of caribou skin.
It was almost transparent, but it was white and cloudy.
But they wore it like a body stocking.
Long arms, long legs, not tight-fitting, but loose.
And it was sewed very loosely with leather thongs.
And they had that in the back, and they had a little thing




that was called a
And I thought, well, thank goodness, that's about as far as they're going to go.
And next thing I know, it was about 30 degrees, as warm as it got inside.
And they took that off.
And I do want to tell you that you never saw such ugly people and bodies in all your life.
There was nothing sexy about it in this.
You just can't imagine.
Mama's son had breasts that if she'd have tried to commit suicide, because she had heard
that the heart was directly under the breast, she would have stabbed herself in her knees.
Because they were, what would you call it?
Pendulous.
Pendulous.
The little girl just was more like a baby.



Like, like buds.
But you could see that it was not.
They had bones up there, collar bones that looked like this.
Their chest came out like that.
They all had rickets.
The bones here were bowed, like bowed legs.
Just short arms and bowed.
And this thing, the chest was worse than anything because it kind of poked out like that from
the rickets.
Their diet was bad.
And they all went to sleep.
I went to sleep because I was tired.
I had been walking all day long trying to ride on my little sled.
And we got back and that was the end of it.
And I want to tell you folks right now that if you ever, ever have the opportunity to
do that, don't.

Because it is no fun.
It's very educational in a very useless way.
Never had the opportunity to learn anything that was of use to me later on.
Everything they do, everything they do is designed for survival.
Okay?
Everything.
In sub-zero temperatures.
Oh, and the harsh conditions.
I would say, were I a sociologist, I would say that the natural environment is of so
stringency that they had no time for leisure or other either philosophical thought.
I mean, I don't know.

No, no music.
Even like drumming and stuff.
Doug, I heard and later read that when they have their great rendezvous in the spring,
when all of the tribes get together and the fishing is, the thaw comes and the fishing
is done, they all gather and they have big fun.
Not much music.
Not any kind that you would call.
recordings of Eskimo music. It's pretty strange.
It's strange. Mostly it's noise. But they do have a lot of...
You said about modern rock.
They circle, they have a big circle and they get a seal skin and pack it with bird's feathers and bird skins until it's fairly hard.
And then they'll kick it around for each other. And they always make sure that everybody has a chance to kick it while they are kicking it around inside this big circle.
Oh, they're having fun. Oh, kick.
And they get the little children, they get a skin and the men get in a circle and they put the little child in it and they start flipping the child up and down like a trampoline.
Little child gets in the circle.
And they're just laughing and giggling and all the men laughing and having a good time.
Sandy, did you ever hear of a movie called something like Ara Rajarat the Fast Runner? It's a movie made by Eskimos.
That's been in my story.
Of an Eskimo legend.
It's a great story, Pappy.
Oh, yeah.
It does say that your experience was of no purpose because it served to entertain us.
It's one of the most interesting movies I've ever seen.

This some white Canadian guy who was really in with them and an Eskimo guy who's connected to a university somewhere way northern Canada.
They managed to make a 35 millimeter feature film, all Eskimo cast of this weird ass legend.
It's basically a movie.
It's the same old story.
Guy, boy meets girl, girl cheats on boy, bad guy comes and steals stuff, kills dad, tries to kill boy.
Boy runs across the ice naked for five years and kills bad guy.
Gets girl.
That kind of thing.
It's self defense.
Oh yeah.
Because there's nothing evil about him.
He has to do it.
Sounds like revenge.
Sounds like it, but no it's not revenge. Revenge is a bad virtue, and so they don't allow it.
I want to tell you something, the Eskimos ain't scared of nothing.
You know how they kill polar bears?
They get, save up the baleen from whales. You know what the baleen is?
Yeah, the stoker and the teak.
The gills, and they soak it in water.
Baleen's the teeth that they use to filter out plankton, right?
Yes, yes, like gills. Great levels of it. It's filters.
It's not the lungs.
But they look like gills.
Okay.
And as the water goes through, they catch the plankton.
And it, well they get that baleen, and when they clean it off, they roll it up into, very tightly,
into things about that big around, and tie it with leather cords so that it's in a coil.
And it's about that long when they coil it.
And they put it out on the ice where they,
where they,
they know polar bears are, and foxes.
They also will stick a knife down into the snow and pack it around so that it's frozen,
and put blood all over the blade so that when the fox comes up and licks the blood, he's caught.
And if he pulls away, he pulls his tongue off and his skin off so they can follow the trail of the blood,
and catch them fox.
And when the bear eats the, swallows this meat with the big baleen coil inside,
it's frozen, of course.
But when it gets in his belly, it begins to thaw.
And as that acid eats through the thong around the baleen thing and releases,
it says,
and pops out through his guts in all directions.
And it hurts him pretty bad.
And then they follow him.
As soon as they know that he's eaten, they follow him until he perishes.
And when, sometimes he ain't totally perished.
When they get to him, and he'll fight, and they'll stand there with their spear or harpoon and stick him.
I wouldn't get anywhere near a polar bear.
But they don't seem to care.
They get hurt a lot, according to what I heard.
But that's the way they kill the polar bear.
That's a good way to do it.
It seems a lot safer than other places.
Oh yeah.
They don't have guns.
They're sort of poisoning it in a way.
They don't have guns.
And guns wouldn't do much good up there.
I was over in Alaska.
We were up in the mountains.
And we were up there.
Everybody had little 22 rifles.
I had to buy one.
In fact, this, Pinckney's got my 22 rifle that I bought to shoot these ptarmigan.
That's the wintertime.
They turn white.
And they don't fly very good.
And so they run along on the ground.
And if you see them, you can shoot them.
And I asked them.
We were at the camp on this lake.
The lake was out there frozen over.
And I asked one of the guys why they didn't.
Why they use rifles at the ptarmigan instead of shotguns.
It seemed to me it would be a lot better.
And he said, no, no, no.
Shotguns not so good.
And I said, why not?
And he said, well, take one of those rifles or shotguns there and go out on the porch.
And so I got one of their shotguns.
And I went out there.
And I pulled the trigger.
And not like a 22 says, pow.
You know like that?
Well, this shotgun says, boo.
And all of a sudden, about 15 seconds later, you could hear the echo coming from down those
corridors where the water was going.
And down these canyons, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo.
And then you could hear it coming back.
Crash, bang, boom.
That was echoing.
Crash, bang, boom.
Avalanches.
All of that noise and vibration started the avalanches.
And he said, that's why we don't use shotguns.
And I said, well, you know, that makes sense to me.
How about if I go out on this lake tonight with a little rabbit call?
I had a rabbit call, you know, a squeal like that.
And he said, who are you going to take with you?
And I said, what do you mean?
He said, well, if you go out there, you better have somebody sitting at your back.
And I said, why?
He said, well, you blow that out.


If you think that rats and rabbits or bears will come out of that thing, I want to tell you something.
That lynxes like wounded rabbits and wolverines like wounded rabbits and bears like wounded rabbits and they don't much care whether you're human or not.
If they don't know you are.
And I said, you know, you've just made a lot of sense to me.
because a wolverine would come up and fight you for that rabbit. They are kind of mean. Anyway,
I didn't go out on the lake, but that's why they used little rifles. Boom. It was double sounding,
boom. And it's cold up there. I've heard that it was cold up there. If you ever see that movie,
Big Fish, that's my dad. Isn't that kind of a trippy, visually stunning film that people should
see? Big Fish? It's a weird Tim Burton movie. It's really strange. I haven't seen it yet. I kind of
liked it, but partly for personal reasons.
Because the bragging and lying dad who turns out not to have been lying,
reminds me a lot of my dad. And he's a southern guy. My father's from South Carolina.
Well, there you go.
Had a funny accent.
I always wondered about that movie. I haven't seen it, but I'll make an effort to see it now.
You've been listening to the Hour of Slack.
More than an hour.
On this station. For more information about Church of the Subgenius, feel free to check
out Subgenius.com.

Thank you, Dr. Howell and Reverend Mother Miller.
Thank you. The sacred scribe himself. Beautiful, beautiful. Thank you.
Okay, okay. I'm fading it out. Okay, that's all. Okay, I'm really fading it out. I'm fading it out
all the way now. Okay, now we can talk about the really important stuff that we can't talk about on
the air, on broadcast radio, because the Hour of Slack is almost always played
live.

College and public supported stations that are noncommercial, that means we can't be commercial.
But on the internet we can do anything. And we can tell.
We can take as crashed as possible, as available.
We can—this is the—this is our one chance to let you know that we know that you're
tired of that old begging recording that I stuck at the end of all those shows. And this
is the new one. And we're not even begging. We're just gonna immersing ourselves is what


selling you the ordainment kit, the subgenius ministers kit or membership kit. It's $35 plus
375 postage, I think, unless you're overseas, in which case it's like 150 bucks postage, but
you'll see when you get on subgenius.com, right at the top, it says become an ordained minister.
You click on that and you'll see a picture of all the cool stuff. The package that you get
aside from the fact that you're now a damn minister, okay, you could really can perform
weddings. In fact, I did one tonight. I signed the papers for my niece, Jessica, and that lucky
son bitch Guillermo. And I did it for them for free because they're relatives. He's my nephew
in law now. But anyway, friends, you can do that too. You can perform weddings and I usually get
about 200 bucks.
Well I were just going to let you know some of the you know, really good books here
are free at audience carriers. Have you heard that one, that was apparently a typo?
Absolutely, but I've never heard of those.
This is Christine Bates on birthday.
I know Kristin and we also yeah I mean, I'm looking for her on
her birthday.
Oh, of course, on gay cruise vacation too.
Congratulations on that.
Thank you, thanks for having me.
Thank you.
All right.
you'd expect from a fan club such as a decoder ring that only we can decode you won't be able
to do it looks like a little metal button with bob on it or actually divine intervention
you get eternal salvation or triple your money back right of course or yeah um two really
really fancy looking documents the all-inclusive excuse and the doctorate of the forbidden sciences
which both look fantastic framed on your law office wall hint hint all those lawyers out there
who haven't joined yet but the main thing about membership is the feeling you get but you finally
really did support the hour of slack and the subgenius facebook pages and all the other stuff
that's free and you helped reverend stang pay his half of the mortgage so uh
and and it allows us to keep doing this and so forth so friends send that 35 bucks actually make
it 40 with postage for 38.75 okay 38.75 you can write a check to subgenius foundation you can do
it online and use a credit card uh you you can technically call us and give us a credit card
number but we hate doing that because oh wait i'm not deaf anymore i guess i could take those calls
friends yeah uh really 35 bucks and you get to you get to write box both both in ohio and in california
and in texas don't forget that reverend oval stains right that's post office box and during
the winter months it's subgenius at post office box 807 glenrose texas 76043 during uh the uh
summer and fallish springish summer and fallish springish summer and fallish springish summer and
sort of months it's subgenius at p.o box 181 417 cleveland heights ohio 44118 oh i remembered it
um yeah that that that's don't be a gimme bob friends don't don't be a mommy don't
i mean it's it's it's really not cool to not send in your 35 bucks it's the one time
the money isn't going somewhere sooner i think april 30 years care tuesday is clean
how snacks not all hollywood desen aw polka dots
comment in
classes
masters
don't
querating
peace
anger
Anyone I want.
And I've never kicked anyone out.
Because Susie the floozy always does it and stays.
Reverend Susie the floozy is on Scrub Genius Friends.
And that's the only way you can be Reverend Susie the floozy's friend.
And I know you want to be friends with Reverend Susie the floozy.
With a name like that, she must be purdy and sexy.
And just ready to jump in bed with anybody.
Well, some of those things are true.
She is really purdy and sexy.
And she's really, really funny.
And friends, that's why you must join the Church of the Subgenius.
Get slack. The real thing.
Yeah, exactly.
How invaluable of a trick-or-treat bag is this?
When you think of all the things you've gone through in your subservient lives out there.
Waiting for one day or the next for something to change or happen.
This will actually change your life, friends.
And I don't mean to call you friends.
I'm not saying it in a very formal way.
I'm not saying it in a very formal way.
I'm a nice person.
I could just easily say something very vicarious and argumentative about you.
But I don't know you.
And that's the problem.
So to solve that problem, vote for the Church of the Subgenius by becoming a preordained ministry.
Because ministration is a very important part of our existence.
If we didn't have it, we wouldn't have it.
Price Bob.
Yeah.
And with that, friends, thank you and good night.
Okay, but we're still on the phone, Dave.
Buenas noches.
Buenas noches.
Buenas, buenas.
Are we done?
Well, yeah.
Yeah, we're done.
I'm afraid.
Okay, I'm going to actually turn the recorder off.
And that means we really are done.
