It's my nightmare, crawling, slithering, along the edge.
It's my nightmare, crawling, slithering, along the edge of a straight razor.
Just listen. Everyone be calm and just relax and be seated if you would please.
Because, you see, one of the things that...
Tell me why you make the pain if we are your children.
Ah, you see, you are my children, but law is necessary.
Tell me.
If there is no more pain,
then is there no more law?
There is always law.
I watched a snail crawl along the edge of a straight razor, crawling, slithering.
Along the edge of a straight razor.
And surviving.
Transmission 11, receive 68, December 30, 0500 hours.
Sector King, Zulu King.
Yes, and praise Bob.
Yes!
430.
430 in the morning.
Time for show.
Live show for you now.
Self is an infant.
How come always scary on show, says Doug Smith of Dallas, Texas?
Well, it's actually been some time since scary has been on the show.
We've tried to get him to come in, but he always has to go out smurfing through the solar system on his wind surfboard.
His solar wind surfer is 40 feet long.
Hey, strap in.
Show's about to take off.
About two and a half miles in wind.
Magnetic power.
Bob?
Oh, my God, the pilot's dead.
Gosh.
Welcome to the subgenius radio beast, Hour of Slap.
Rebound time.
This is actually Hour of Slap number 679 from April 1999.
Closing as Hour of Slap number 179.
2014 in the year of 2005 A.D.
As it says in Isaiah 28, 7, 8.
The priest and the prophet have erred through strong drink.
They are swallowed up with wine.
They're out of the way through strong drink.
They err in vision.
They stumble in judgment.
For all tables are full of vomit and filthiness.
And there is no place clean.
Yes.
We're being over.
Shut that baby up in there.
Babies, they get into all the subgenius shows.
But we will not let babies stop us.
We will continue the battle.
Let mortal combat begin.
Yes, praise Bob.
We're going to save the world.
A handful of people in a leaky boat are going to save the world.
And fuck me.
Uh, yes dear friends, we're back and oh, it's going to be a wonderful show now that we have
these departments and we have a format and everything.
Isn't that unbelievable?
All men and women defending your own world.
It's not about death.
It's about life.
Life.
Hey, life.
And in this new studio, friends, it's great because I don't feel guilty.
It's fun to do the show again.
Yes, it's fun, fun, fun.
And we have so many fun types and a fun format.
And we shall engage now and forever in mortal combat against God and all of the heavens
and all of the people in all of the worlds and all of the planets.
Praise Bob.
Yeah.
The conspiracy is no metaphor.
We talk about the conspiracy.
Are we discussing some literary poetic monster?
Say no.
Say no.
Say no.
No, we're not children.
We're talking about living, breathing, firing and giving us pain.
That wants to consume you.
That wants to take away your slack, children.
Are we going to let this go?
Take away your slack?
Say no.
Say no.
Say no.
Tell me something.
Who stands in the way of the conspiracy?
Who?
Who?
I can't hear you.
Tell me who.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Not me, not me.
Not, not, not me, not me.
Not me, not me.
Not, not, not me.
Not me, not me.
We see a flock of birds.
Think about.
Think about.
We need to just run.
Out of words.
Think about.
Think about.
When a ring goes round your car.
When you hear a given call.
When you ride chicks for a dollar.
Think about.
Think about.
When you ride to the subgenius.
Think about.
Think about.
B.O. Box 1403-06.
Think about.
When you cast your mojo hexes.
When you ride through Dallas, Texas.
When you.
Think about.
Think about.

Think about.
Think about.
1 dollar.
1 dollar.
1 dollar.
1 dollar.
1 dollar.
1 dollar.
1 dollar.
1 dollar.
1 dollar.
Now, next when you turn to the subgenius is.
You will pay to know, what you really think.
Flack can be bought
All the time i ride this.
.
You're gonna meditate for 5 years.
years. You've got to get baptized. You've got to do this. You've got to do that. You've got to
forsake strong liquor. You've got to forsake sex. You don't need that to be happy. You don't need
that for slack. All you need is money. I don't care. I don't care what lengths I go to anymore.
All is fair and all that. Dr. Harris, you're a doctor. A doctor. Doesn't that mean anything to
you as a surgeon? I'm a doctor, but I'm a man also. You're under arrest! Something sick.
Something sordid, vicious, and depraved. Vagina. Vagina. V-A-G-I-N-A. It's a canal-like passage
between the uterus and an opening between the uterus legs. It is the place where sperm are
deposited by the father in the maiden. In the passage, the baby progresses into the
normal way of its birth.
Testicles. Testicles. Spelled T-E-S-T-E-L-O-U-K-A-N-E.
But we must kill them. We must incinerate them. Pig after pig. Cow after cow. Village after
village. Army after army. And they call me an assassin. What do you call it when the assassins
are killed? The assassins. The assassins. The assassins. The assassins. The assassins.
They accuse the assassins. They lie. They lie and we have to be merciful for those who
lie. Those nabobs. Nabobs. Nabobs. I hate them. I do hate them.
I love you. I love you.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Bye bye slurs.
casa cual




ab
fa
Oh, the lilting.
The benches are torn down.
This is a free concert.
The lilting sounds of Doc Stock number three.
Oh, friends.
Boy, is this a trip through memory lane.
There's some bad A going around.
Anybody's got any of this?
Give it to Jane.
Oh, listen to that lovely, typical doctor music in the old days.
They all learned how to play their instruments, unfortunately.
Then there was the more ascended music.
Mark Mothersbaugh did at one point.
It's a bucolic scene here at Doc Stock 93.
Jim.
Everybody's tired from driving.
They're all sitting around with needles hanging out of their arms.
And it's all free and you missed it.
Pretty soon all the stimulants will be here.
And then we'll all wake up and party all night.
And someone or maybe several people will be badly injured.
And the police will come.
And we'll be in the newspapers.
And it'll be another Doc Stock.
Another wonderful, lovely Doc Stock.
Oh.
.
Then it makes you tears well up in your eyes.
.
Things get confused out there.
Power, ideals, the old morality and practical military necessity.
.
But out there with these natives.
.
.
I think that it just goes on and on.

And while we're here, it must be a temptation to be guided.
seekers tendaco
We're asking to stop at this service.
We are not allowed to touchize
If you deliver this college, or convince another one of us not to put a 100 million
it is to Lord's community that may believe in us.
here to come in.


I have something wrong.
I couldn't.
Who's the farmer?
You.
Who attacked why?

Come a contest.
Who is that?
or, well, he was starting to do that.
She goes, no, you don't understand.
My son is mentally ill.
He's 40 years old and he lives at home.
And we're kind of like going,
well, I think church and subgenius
is the last thing you've got to worry about
with your son right now, man.
So, I don't know, maybe you're in the same boat.
I'll tell you what, though.
I do have the,
well, you don't look 40,
but I'll sneak you a membership pack.
I'll sneak you one.
Now, as the church was called by John Shirley,
I think the science fiction writer said,
the church of the subgenius
is the knife they smuggle in with the straitjacket
so you can cut yourself free when they're not looking.
But friends, you can't depend on anybody
to smuggle you that knife.
You have to learn how to escape
from the straitjacket yourself.
I actually,
I have an instructional video in Dallas
about how to do that.
I toured with a guy who escaped
from straitjackets every night
by dislocating his shoulder.
And it works.
But you know, to bust free of the conspiracy,
you sometimes have to bust free
of parts of your own body, I guess.
That's a grim way to look at it.
Easy for me to say.
You're a little leg-hold friend.
Huh?
A conspiracy.
He's a leg-hold friend.
You know, the sad thing about the conspiracy
is you see these human animals trapped in it.
And they'll have gnawed off all three legs
and that one leg's still in the damn trap.
That's why we call them humans, friends.
And another real basic thing that we've got down to,
you know, we've said for years,
church of the subgenius,
we're not harping on it.
We're talking about intelligence.
We certainly cannot afford to do that.
The only people that we disqualify from the church
are geniuses.
You know, anybody below that with 30 bucks
and even, you know, a genius can buy his way in.
Or brain damage his way in.
Or, like, usually, okay.
You know, it's not the intelligence that counts.
It's the sense.
Common sense, sense of humor, and dollars and cents.
One might call it something for nothing.
But the normals, the mediocratons,
the somnambulacks and pseudo-sumslans
have tried to make it something
which we've been led to believe we must work to buy.
It is this yearning for slackness
that separates us from them.
The human may live out his entire life
in a grinding cycle of slacklessness,
his hours consumed by meaningless toil,
interspersed with meaningless leisure.
Yet he never feels cheated.
He thinks it's natural.
Perhaps we should pity them.
But face it.
Most people are venal jerks.
Half-witted cattle racing each other
to be first to the slaughterhouse.
And stampeding you along with them.
What do you do?
To walk on a force.
That is the law.
To stand.
Slurp up our drink.
That is the law.
We are not men.
To eat flesh and fish anytime.
That is the law.
Yeah!
Now I am the law.
I shall escape.
That is the law.
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!







mailbox. Not to, not to shit in the house. Not to hump the master's leg. That is the
law. Not to lick one's own genitals in front of company. That is the law. Not to gnaw at
flea bites noisily while the master is trying to seduce a female. That is the law. We are
not men. Not to grovel and whine piteously for attention. That is the law. Not to fight
for mailman. Not to run out into the road in front of cars. That is the law. We are
not men. The snake is long. The snake is old. The plan is unstopped. I had an operation.
They tampered with my brain some. It helped me see the reason for living in the system.
We've simply done away with unnecessary friction. If you act like a dumb shit, they will treat
you as an equal. Now do what I taught you. Now you do what I taught you. Now you do what

I taught you. Now you do what they taught you. Now you know what they taught you.
Oh, killing is the day, mom. Killing is the day, mom. Now you do what they told you. Now
you do what they told you. Now you do what they told you. Now you do what they told you.
Now you do what they told you.
And I can do what they told ya
You got the control
And I can do what they told ya
You got the control
And I can do what they told ya
Drones who died
Are justified
For wearing a bag
And your toes in white
You're justified
Drones who died
For wearing a bag
And your toes in white
Drones who died
Are justified
For wearing a bag
And your toes in white
You're justified
Drones who died
For wearing a bag
And your toes in white
Come on
Oh, no, you don't.
We have to work clean on this radio show.
The Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, friends.
And it's about time that I told you what you've been listening to for the last 20 soft minutes.
We've been playing a lot of, well, you know, friends, I'm sticking with this department's format.
Now that we have a format.
And we've heard a lot of the old-timey media barrage department.
In that we've been hearing some news.
Some tapes from the old Dockstock 3.
Back in the olden days, friends, before there was X-Day Drills, there was Dockstock.
And they were smaller, but a lot meaner and more wiry and uglier than X-Days.
And so they were like snails on a straight razor, if you know what I mean.
And we've heard some KPFA puzzling evidence of Dr. Howell.
That's the KPFA radio show, Subgenius show in Berkeley.
And it's the old media barrage from, it's just like, it's a barrage of media barrages.
Including Pope David Meyer preaching about the con somewhere.
And an old-timey Bob song, Onan Canobite doing Think a Bob.
We heard David Lynch ranting at X-Day about how Slack can be bought.
And we heard from the super intro sex barrage.
Media barrage number three.
Mark Mothersbaugh did the Babacato and Fugue in D minor.
And some of that other.
We heard yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, ranting at Winterstar in 1999.
About the three legs and still in the trap.
And some outtakes from the Subgenius video arise.
The narration about humans, Slack and work.
We are not men from the island of Dr. Moreau.
And the law.
The Subgenius.
The Subgenius law.
Not to bite the mailman and so forth.
From the Einstein Secret Orchestra rehearsal last November 1998.
And in our rock song department, we heard Rage Against the Machine.
In an excerpt from Killing in the Name of on their first album.
In the background right now is Cypheria doing an instrumental called Gothic Disturbance.
You see.
And we'll play some new Bob songs.
Probably by Einstein Secret Orchestra.
And have our guest ranter department.
And our X Day Hymn department.
All the other departments.
Because, you know, as George Burns said.
With the collapse of vaudeville.
New talent has no place to stink.
He also said, George Burns.
The great George Burns said.
Too bad that all the people who know how to run this country.
Are busy driving taxis.
Cutting hair.
And posting to alt.slack.
And mixing radio shows.
Friends, it's true that with the collapse of vaudeville.
New talent has no place to stink.
Except for the church of the subgenius.
Friends, stinky new talent always can find, well, can find a home here.
If it's bad enough.
Because we run it through the committee.
And a committee is a group that keeps you up at night.

And keeps you up at night.
And it's a program that keeps you up at night.

And the radio does that because it keeps you up at night.
And it's a medium.
Because it is neither rare nor well done.
Well, the Hour of Slack is fairly rare.
Liberals, as Mort Sahl said.
Feel unworthy of their possessions.
Whereas, conservatives feel they deserve everything they've stolen.
Now, we the patrio-psychotic-anarcho-materialists.
just do what we can
that music was about to drive me nuts friends
and this probably will too
because I want to go on with some
these are some quotes that our friend Death Rocker X
on AOL.com sent to us
some quotes from the old but wise
including Henny Youngman who said
I wanted to become an atheist
but I gave up for they have no holidays
friends you can be an atheist and a subgenius
and we've got a lot of holidays
biggest one being July 5th 1999
well the last holiday actually
since the world ends that day this year
and you know
they call this the church of the subgenius
well you can imagine friends
we like to be an atheist

but we agree with Sam Levinson here
who said it's so simple to be wise
just think of something stupid to say
and then don't say it
and on that note I think I'll shut up
and play this song by Temple Beat called
this is an Italian band
and this is a song called
The Brain Cult of Macho Irony
where the king of all the old and the new
and his story is out on the air

and that's a world that grows
so above and beyond
itquiera
and it created this world
a search engine


Let's get to it.
The Morrigato
The reason Jesus
Seen her life, life, life, life
The sign
Of time
Where I
Speed up your compromise
The sign
Of time
Where I
Speed up your compromise
The sign
Of time
Where I
Speed up your compromise
The sign
Of time
Where I
Speed up your compromise
The sign
Of time
Where I
Speed up your compromise
The sign
Of time
Where I
Speed up your compromise



The sign
Of time
Where I
Speed up your compromise
The sign
Of time
Where I
Speed up your compromise
The sign
Of time
Where I
Speed up your compromise
The sign
Of time
Speed up your compromise


Speed up your compromise
The sign
boss. Not to cheat on taxes, that is the law. Not to dodge the track, that is the law. Not
to have extramarital affairs, that is the law. We are not men. Not to let your hair
grow long and shaggy. Not to go without makeup, that is the law. Not to go without a nice
suit. Not to curse in mixed company, that is the law. We are not men. Not to place the
fork on the right. Not to neglect sending out thank you notes after Christmas, that
is the law. We are not men.
Thank you. Goodness gracious, what a simply horrible patchwork of noise that Church of
the Subgenius is.
I listen.
Every week to gather evidence and ammunition for the citizens for normalcy. Let me tell
you, we're not going to get those subgeniuses. We're going to get them right in the gonads.
Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to say that. I don't use words like that. This tape, all
about Satanism, drugs, and rock and roll, is proof positive that this so-called church
is going to send the world to heck in a handbasket.
Yeah.
Yeah.




Those demented beelzebub kissing hop heads make me want to toss my Nestle stallhouse cookies
with their talk of buckets of pills from that low-life pusher J.R. Bob Dobbs, where they're
so high on drugs that they can't even keep any continuity in their tapes. Too many children
listen to these tapes and subscribe to the insane doctrines of the Subgenius Foundation.
They're led down a deceptive road to what these weirdos call slack, like that heathen


ist idea of nirvana. I say that slack should be taken up like the excess yarn in my knitting
and pulled until it sees the light of a normal day like the rest of us do. So what should
any decent-minded American do when faced with one of these zombies for Bob? Well, first
off, give them a bath in Pine Sol. They usually stink to high heaven. And then ship them off
to the nearest normally accredited deprogrammer while they get bombarded with enough people
magazines, arid extra-dry deodorant, and Regis Philbin fan club material so they won't be able
to think anymore the way it should be. Then they'll feed them real dogma about the glories
of the home shopping club, Wingo, Zingo, and the evils of Mandingo. We cannot stand by while our
standards and principles are made light of by these possessed fools. Normals of the world unite.
Oh, that was Sister Chris, dear friends, from a long time ago, WFMU. I guess that would
be our guest rant. Sister Chris this time. What? Representing the citizens for normalcy.
Thank you. Wouldn't you like revenge on these mediocritans, these pink boys?
These box-dwelling Barbies and Kens? These normals who have made normality the norm?
Come on baby, let me tell you about the present in time. Here's a little bit of space to
answer all your problems.
You know I'm going to be so happy, so content. It's not a loss, it's more of a passing into
something wonderful and exciting for the whole rest of my life. So I want to say goodbye
and that I'm going to miss you all very much.
Because if you want to get out of those saunters, you can't be afraid of anything. You can't
be afraid of the pigs, you can't be afraid of the normals, and you definitely can't be
afraid of Bob. You go, what kind of pussy-pussing behavior is that? You might have some things,
but you can't, you can only get back to one place, and that is JR12.
Bob, stop!
You don't want to live is what you're saying! You don't want to live! You don't want to
pay Bob!
Because there's a conflict in every human heart between the rational and the irrational,
between good and evil. And good does not always triumph.
So, Bob, stop!


You know, sometimes the dark side overcomes what Lincoln called the better angels of
our nature. Every man has got a breaking point. You and I have. And very obviously,
he has gone insane.
Oh, yes, sir, sir!
Oh, yes, sir, sir!








And, uh, this is Reverend Ivan Stang with a live on-the-scene report here at Dockstock
No. 3. The drums you hear in the background are being played by two, it looks like three-year-old
girls. A couple of three-year-old little girls are playing the drums. They're not bad, actually.
It's a lot better than what some of the professional subgeniuses were capable of late last night.
We've got quite an amazing contingent of subgeniuses here. We, there's a, there's a, there's a,
uh, here's Jan Johnson from the, uh, Boston delegation. There are delegations from something
like 55, uh, states and 60 countries.
Countries, countries. Something like that.
Uh, we have these delegations from all over the country. There's Houston, uh, of course,
uh, Dallas, Little Rock, San Francisco, Oakland, Los Angeles, uh, Seattle. Pope Myers here
from Seattle. Uh, uh, we all come together for these, uh, yearly or bi-yearly meetings.
And the interesting thing is we don't have a lot of time. We don't have a lot of time.
We don't know why. We don't, there's no goal, no, uh, um, set plan at all. Uh, we just,
uh, we meet and then we try to figure out why. And usually we can't make the song stop.
I'm tired of one day. I'm sick of all this money. I want to play real music.
I haven't been here in weeks. I think I'm sick of all. I'm sick of all.
Yeah.
I think I'm sick of all.
I'm sick of all.
I'm sick of all.
I'm sick of all.

I'm sick of all.
I think I'm sick of all.

This infernal machine...
Is gonna win you to hell.
This infernal machine...
Gonna win you all to hell.
You will be looking through caverns of human flesh.
You think your eyes deceive you
But know what you are seeing is not a bizarre
But a real carnal sight
Men in wear and wailing
With their arms attached to the walls
Stapled there by cruel utterance of saucy methods
Nonsense and foolish ideals
These they utter until the dark hours of the morning
Until the sun once again relentlessly climbs up
And burns up, burns up, and burns
And where will you be, friend?
Will you be in a saucer full of milk and honey?
Will you be riding high off into the sky?
Will you see that silver lining on every cloud
As you whisk by on my infernal machine?
These machines don't work for you, friend
You
They don't work for nobody
Got their own criteria
Got their own agenda
Got their own suspenders
Goodbye
I'm done
Goodbye
That's true
We feel like the purpose of life is not happiness
Not happiness
Not knowledge
Or even truth
But merely to squirt
You can understand a church on a simple level of
Oh, some people think it's a
A Texas death and fertility cult
Some call it just another polygamous religion
Yeah, some think it's a great collaborative art project
Using the greatest anonymous artists in America today
And others just
Others just say it's my religion
Let me practice it
Remember, kids
Nothing is illegal at 100%
You had like 400 sub-genie businessmen decide to do it
That's right
And we had uh, we had that wonderful tape
Where you saw the young, naked, nubile maidens
Wrestling with Arnold Palmer's bloody head
Rolling in the mondo mondo hills of
Of Habba-frop-zipylat
You know, there is marijuana growing all over
Well
In these settings
Yes, it's true
There's a Habba-frop-zipylat
All over the Tibetan holy llama's grave
And it is one of the most maintainable
little shrubbers for landscaping around exterior office buildings.
Right.
Very tidy.
It's not a morbid situation at all.
No, it's happy.
It's like Bob is a Robot or The Attack of the Mutants.
It's like any movie of that sort that you've seen.
He's a cheery demigod.
That's right.
But the people that we're really concerned with are the artisans tonight.
We're talking about the small studios that support Bob's habit.
They crank out art in an amazing way, centralize it in Dallas.
The subgenius Air Force pickstep flies it to Dallas,
and the next thing you know, it's in the stark fifth.
And nobody gets paid for it except those who matter.
And others just say it's my religion.
Let me practice it.
You can't have sex without Bob.
You can't have money without Bob.
Girls, a dollar in the top two will come to you in the night.
Free pills!
Don't be left behind when the exits land.
You can't be left behind when the exits land.
You can't be left behind when the exits land.
You don't have to understand it.
You just have to buy it.
You have signed the application.
Welcome aboard.
And one doesn't listen long before a little warning signal goes off inside that says,
Watch out.
Sometimes it's hard to pinpoint the precise error.
But the language, the pure language of heaven is missing.
Something says, Look out.
This guy is fishing.
He's a cultist or someone with his theological wires crossed.
It's almost like listening to someone who knows only a few words of English,
but soon they're rattling off in a completely unknown language
when they haven't even been to kindergarten.
We eat more, drink more, play more, and do less to earn a good living
than any other people in history.
We have at our fingertips the world's greatest music.
And I might add a lot of its worst.
The cultists would have no following.
We are a people grasping nervously, sometimes almost hysterically for more.
I know that I know that I know that I know that I know
that I know that I know.
Whenever we read the obscene stories, the voluptuous debaucheries,
the cruel and torturous executions,
it would be more consistent to call it the word of a demon.
There are little eyes upon you and they're watching night and day.
With a vocal and activist minority ready,
willing to burn the bomber's seal of fear for more.
And most, incidentally, are in their teens or their twenties.
And that's Washington, people, I'll tell you that.
They drove in caves, not high-rise apartments.
They may not have found a cheap affluence,
but they found an endless supply of dope,
uninhibited sex,
an endless supply of money.
Free access to a distillery,
I suppose.
Ah, yes, the harlot.
You can count on that.
Or kills.
Or more.
Why, friends, we could feed another nation with our garbage.
What more than a space hogger on Earth?
There's a church of geniuses.
I don't know.
But how many of you are really genuinely intelligent?
Bang.
Are you blaming God for atom bombs?
Or atomic bombs?











I don't know.
I only know that it will signal the end of time.
Why?
Bang.
Bang.
Bang.
The past blotted out, and the future assured.
Ah, yes, the harvest.
Laced with hundreds of beautiful, sexy broads.
A sex-stuffed gingerbread house.
Enter roommate's home.




It's Mitzi and Carol.
The party's now complete.
A time to strip down for action, and do as told.
Ready with the spell, sister?
Why that?
Ziggety zee, ziggety zing.
Demon of darkness, come on the wing.
Ziggety zee, ziggety zing.
And then, as the witches sing, the most horrible,
love-curdling howl filled the night air.
Ziggety zee, ziggety zing.
Demon of darkness, come on the wing.
And a gigantic bat-shaped, seemed to fill the sky,
blotting out the stars, blotting out the moon.
And in the velvet blackness, the ghostly trio,
and even the Halloween creatures, were terrified.
Get yourself a speculum.
Insert it, open it up, and take a look inside.
You can give yourself a basic gynecological exam.
Can you find your cervix?
Locate your goddess spot, otherwise known as the G spot.
If you really can't locate your goddess spot, beat it into submission.
She and her girls specialize in the sale of pleasure,
and the sins of the flesh.
Ah, subgenius women, oh.
At about this point, we think we've said all that there is to be said.
And certainly all that we're going to say.
Now, sit back, and enjoy.
So, Bob Dobbs, we meet again, for the first time.
Bob, I wept when you died.
Now I must kill you again, for my honor.
And for the honor of Connie.
It's pandemonium out there.
Things are floating, things are beginning to fly,
and you're inside the dome without an ounce of sense.
Don't look around for the nearest Evacogen.
Don't call the police.
Look inside yourself, and then wire up, hot wire and necks in,
to build a bog.
Cleaners and Maleficent mothers.
They're darker by the second, as the acrimony police begin to line the walls.
Now we see the Juniper-headed children, and thousands and thousands of the other rectal and young,
uh, uh, challenged children, trying to make their way up the slopes.
And the slopes are indeed high, for they've all been greased,
by the great Mumu himself, who blindly wandered throughout these caves,
back many thousands of years ago, hoping, praying, something like this would happen.
And especially not on a day like today, when the plutonium storms are literally raging,
and thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of particles
are filling the nostrils and eyes and other oral cavities that they're carrying.
Some of them have been carrying them for weeks at a time.
They can hardly...
can hardly understand them.
Now I'm picking up... it seems to be a thermometer.
No, it's not. I... I'm picking up a...
Yes, I'm picking up a... a... a vision of children,
and these same small children, and handled by our moustaches.
And it's Christmas, and it's very sad.
There won't be any Christmas on Pluto this year.
They've all gone.
All the little sack-slack jocks,
all the butter-headed, pumpkin-headed boys are gone.
All the little tin-can-shaped girls with no eyes.
All of the doctors have...
All the doctors have left.
All the doctors have left.
And as we gaze upon this little pavilion,
surrounded by untold thousands,
as far as the eye can see, thousands of the shaved, bald-headed followers,
waiting for the doctors and the various delegations,
Dr. A.D. here is from the California delegation.
The promised land.
California's the promised land?
That's gonna be a desert in 20 years.
I know, but who... it's a promised land, but...
He didn't say who it was promised to, did we?
It's promised to the normals.
Well, so where will the subgeniuses migrate back to?
The South?
Camping.
Subgenius death camp.
But subgenius death is better than death.
It's better than normal life.
Bob Lowe.
Gravesball.
Whoo!
Charging a man with murder in this place
was like handing out speeding tickets at the Indy 500.
Keep going.
Keep going.
Yeah, that's right.
Next days are coming,
and the peaks are bummer.
Make sure we all think,
we're hips up, G-9.
We got us a window seat first class on the pleasure soffers, man.
You better work hard for your slap, Jack.
Bob will protect you.
Oh, come on, then.
He said they don't want to preach to people.
Yeah, the scalpers will be squabbling out there, man,
to sell you those over-insulated X-Day saucer tickets.
That all starts soon.
We're gonna be slamming down hard, man.
But let's just cut to the point.
I know most of you want slack,
but what you really want
is the alien orgies that really got us going, right?
Let's admit it.
Oh, I love to be an alien.
Many of you may have actually even heard
when I was abducted
on the way to score some growth cluster munchies years ago,
got abducted by the alien nymphoes
and actually had my little mini-deck there and recorded it.
The actual sounds of alien orgies in the pleasure soffers.
Oh, I love to be naked.
Morality, you know,
there ain't gonna be no morality in outer space.
You know, whatever comes and goes by, that's what's going on.
Well, another rule in the great morality
was that thou shalt steal a government,
issue rocket ship if possible.
Yeah.
Now, there's not a lot of them left,
and most of them are in museums,
and the last big one, the last Saturn V,
is actually, they moved it indoors now.
It's gonna be very difficult to get it now.
They have, like, guards around it and stuff.
Well, you know, there's gotta be another way to do it besides rockets.
What now?
Well, yeah, of course, there is, but, you know, to each our own.
Which is why the first commandment is,
thou shalt switch to flying saucers operated by gravity waves
as soon as is technically feasible.
Right.
I think we maybe better go to a remote now.
It's like, oh, here they come.
Well, assembled here on the platform,
another paradigm about to be crunched
as the Tati crew gets ready to board their own homemade
midship rocket ship.
And then since the thing is approaching with a Bunsen burner,
they're going to try to ignite this flare that's on,
and it's gonna be a very, very hard, very hard,
solid rocket fuel with the Bunsen burner.
This is one dollar for a taxpayer,
but one billion dollars for the United States government.
My dollars.
It's one lung for...
What was that?
It's one lung for Bob
and one toothpick for, you know, the rest of it.
See, that's why this is always a psychic experience.
I was staring at a toothpick, wondering if I had a collapsible lung,
like Bob promised with them loboptomectomies
and all them other designs that he sends out.
How did you say that?
That's one lung for Bob...
One toothpick...
Loboptomectomy.
...and one toothpick for the rest of it.
What you do for the loboptomectomy is you go get yourself an Aerotec...
And it's all too cute.
G-engine.
Stick it in your nose.
This is the triumph.
What I'm trying to prove here is what can happen...
I can't believe you made that.
...by eliminating all that is cute through disease.
Oh, that is a beautiful idea.
Caller, do you have gas music?
You know, I have... I'm afraid that we know this caller.
I'm afraid so, too.
I think he may have beat you to the scrotum so many times...
I have been ill, and through my illness, I have eliminated all of my inner cuteness.
Inner cuteness?
You're lying.
...with a gland problem.
Wait a minute. Is it still thirsty, or is it real?
It's Friday now.
No. No. No. It's not what you think.
No, I don't think this thing has anything to do with anything.
Maybe it's Tuesday.
No. See, Tuesday's in the background.
Friends, this is Bleepo.
That's what I was afraid of.
We thought you did. You were castrated. And, uh, somehow...
Bleepo, I felt a tremor in the force that...
I have.
...and I knew that you were very sick.
I definitely felt it.
I have an extra testicle now.
An extra?
Really?
Yes.
They found it, Stan.
Finally! Hey, listen, man. I've been looking for that thing for about 15 years now.
They grafted it to the front of my forehead. Right over my pineal gland.
Friday, your job is to retrieve the testicle from the old Bleepo.
I'm afraid of the cosmopolitan monkey and a...
I look really hot now.
I don't think that's Bleepo on the phone, even though he may have his nose pinched together.
As an expert of different, many different diamonds, I would say that this person...
Well, ever since the grafting, I've been asking...
I'm having...
It's just...
The women look at...
The women...
No, no, I am not hearing Westchester County.
...men, animals, people on the subway...
...people on the subway...
I'm hearing someplace a little further east.
I cannot not have sex at this point.
What?
I always think that testicle was at Megan's Waddle somewhere.
It's not Bleepo.
He's from Yonkers.
This guy's from Yonkers.
Did you say you cannot not have sex right now?
Exactly.
I'm in a constant state of sex.
The nose never goes...
I want that nut back, man!
You're having sex with an imposter!
This guy's a...
Stan, I'm not...



He would give his nose nut.
He told me it was okay to have.
He would give his nose nut.

Yeah, well, I need it back now.
Go ahead.
Show some pink.
And be sure you get paid.
Who took these pictures?
Did you...
Bob?
He did.
Bye.
Bye.
Well, that's the way to tell...
...rocket ship if thou gets the chance.
Thou shalt switch from rockets to flying saucers propelled by gravity waves or the like as
soon as you have the chance.
As soon as it is technically feasible.
Thou shalt not breach the seals nor compromise the airlock.
Thou shalt retain optimal manual control over all ship functions no matter how supposedly
trustworthy thine shipboard computer may be.
Thou shalt keep clean and shipshape thine current spaceship.
Thou shalt quarantine all alien viruses and viruses.
No matter how good looking they might seem to be.
Thou shalt not puke in thine own helmet nor befoul thine own moon hands.
That's a good one.
Those are strong commandments.
Thou shalt not breach the seals nor compromise the airlock of the Akashic Aether.
Thou shalt not die for the sins of the world.
Those are very thoughtful.
Here is another thing that we left out of our book.



We need to think about the spaceship propulsion and safety methods.
Quarantine.
Quarantine?
Everyone needs quarantine.
We need a quarantine chamber on the ship.
No kidding.
I used to drink that stuff when I was a kid.
Remember that?
Think how stuffy it is after about 20 years on board an escape ship.
Yeah, we'll have to go out and evacuate ourselves outside now and then in the void.
What do you do about bugs?
Alien bugs?
Viruses?
Fungus?

All this stuff?
We're all in this together.







We're all in this together.
I think about getting the ship perfectly sterile all the time.
You just have to make sure that you get all the worst germs scrubbed out and put into Dave's
room.
Quarantine makes you sterile?
Well, you know, if you do that, then that takes all the fun out of it.
Well, I suppose everything makes you sterile, Dave.
Well, no, no.
That's why we put it into Dave's room.
So that we can watch the germs in there.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
And then we sail to the other side of the air box.
Right.
Yeah, just funnel them all over the day.
Do you think, you know, if a chocolatey, delicious chocolatey drink for children can give you
a sterilization problem, what better are we than the Liebensraum Hitlers and all them
guys?
Oh, gosh.
You know, we want to make room for germs.
We've got prop!
That's why we're fed.
That's it.
That's all there is to it.
We've got prop and they don't?
Yeah.
That doesn't make any sense.
Soon we'll have our own rocket ship.
But this was the Princess Wee.
If you doubt that for a second.
But hell met the Weezing and the bumping in the background.
Yeah, I better remember my origins.
I think everybody should.
Yeah.
And here are the origins, friends.
What we've been listening to, the tail end of side one there, we heard Sister Chris from
WFAO.


We heard the WFMU in the old days doing the Citizens for Normalcy rant.
We heard Einstein's Secret Orchestra doing Let Me Tell You About a Place in Outer Space,
Sister Decadence's X Day Farewell, and David Lynch preaching on X Day.
Some Doc Stock number three report from the ancient days with the band that Dare Not Speak
Its Name performing Sick a Bob.
Einstein's Secret Orchestra doing this Infernal Rant.
The
various old KPFA with Glass Madness and Wellman on artists and frop.
And Wellman's editor, you have signed the application.
Ah, yes.
The Harvest.
Susie the Floozy did the Connie Collage and Annie Sprinkle's strip search.
Friday Jones killed you for the honor of Connie.
And of course Einstein's Secret Orchestra at Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Chaz, Bill T. Miller,
X Days of Coming on Boston.
1996 recording, and also check out this.
I'm sorry Dave, I can't do that.
Now his brain is growing.
Five, four, three, two, ah, I can just smell that field coming.
It's so wrong.
July 5th in that big old field at Brushwood.
Ah, ah, take it.
First the little rockets go up, then the big rockets go up.
And then the really big ones.
And then the really big ones.
Come on down.
That's right, the rockets are our signal to let the saucers know that they're not ready.











It's time.
We're ready for them to come down, to make that final step down.
Put their little ladder down, their little rope ladder down.
To let the saucers know there's still something down here on Earth worth saving.
That's right.
Step on up, baby, step on up.
We've got a ride for you inside.
Check it out here.
We've got everything you could possibly need without a mind or imagination.
You could go beyond what you've already thought because everything you can't believe is here.
It's the Rocks in the Car.
And all it takes, all it takes is a little bit of a ride.










All it takes to experience all this is to be a member of the Church of the Subgenius.
Praise Bob!
Radio box, one four zero.
Radio box, one eight one four one seven.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio, four four one one eight.
I can't do my cute husband voice now.
I can't do my cute husband voice now.
Can you just see everybody?
I can just see the whole Brushwood people, the whole community there, the whole Ex-State
community.
And one big circle around the launch pad.
And most of the girls aren't wearing shirts.
No, and they're all, and everybody's just grooving and, and here, this is playing.
Yeah, while we jam them out.
Yeah, man.
Yeah, all boogin' back and forth, man.
Feel that love vibe.
The love vibe.
Jesus Christ himself will be there blessing and anointing the young.
Yeah, I like that.
Yes, Jesus must bless each one of those Rockets as they go up.
And you can be there to witness.
And the new Diablo, Satan himself, will be there to curse those Rockets as they go up.
But who's gonna win?
Jesus, Satan, or Bob?
Well, you know.
Well, Christ, Bob, Bob will be there.
That's right.
And you know, the Rockets do rise on a column of fire.
But underneath the fire, it leaves behind a column of clouds.
So you have hell and heaven all there.
It's all a metaphor.
The Rockets are a big metaphor for the cycle of the absurdity of life.
And they connect us through the thin veil of fire.
Weak behind the veil of fire.
Weak behind the veil of fire.


And they all end up on their heads.
That's the miracle of it all.
That's right.
Sometimes the parachute pops out, and sometimes it don't.
You wanna make your own rocket.
You wanna keep your own ship-shite.
Ship, ship-shite.
What was that, Friday?
For the launchings, you wanna make sure if you're taking your own rocket ships, make
sure you have a good platform trunk or some kind of semi-rig on the New York State Highway
Patrol.
The patrol will be out looking out for those rocket ships on the top of Toyotas.
Also make sure that if you're trying to fly there via Pyro-Fletchlance, the smoke bands
aren't affecting most of Chautauqua County.
Man, listen to Friday on that guitar.
Oh, man.
He bitchin'.
That bitch be bitchin'.
It's gonna be better than that when it's live, man.
They're always better live, those people.
Where can people get information on this, Reverend Stang?
There's a little something just called Tom.
Of course, the subjunius website.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.
.


.

.

