You know what? It's not a radio show at all. It's a map! My God, it's a map!
And now, the Self Genius Hour of Swag.
That's too bad, fella.
Self Genius Hour of Swag

Like the fruit stand that turns into a filling station.
But the footprints and signs from the past are everywhere.
They've been fighting over this land ever since the first Spanish missionary
showed the Indians the benefits of religion, horses, and a few years of forced labor.
The Indians had it right all along.
They respected ghosts.
Memories are like that.
As unpredictable as nitro, and you never know what's going to set one off.
Like the clues that keep you on the right track are never where you look for them.
They fall out of the pocket of somebody else's suit you pick up at the cleaners.
They're in the tune you can't stop humming that you never heard in your life.
They're at the other end of the wrong number you dial in the middle of the night.
The signs are in all those old familiar places.
You only think about them.
You think you've never been before.
But you get used to seeing them out of the corner of your eye.
And you end up tripping over the ones that are right in front of you.
And some days, I just feel like I've been bombarded by bozons.
.
.


.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
What are you doing, Dad?
I'm developing a compound that, when applied to the soles of shoes, keeps gum from sticking to them.
What a wonderful gift to mankind.
Con, what are you going to do today?
I'm very busy.
After I rake a perfect crosshatch pattern in the pea gravel in the driveway,
I'm going to change the air in the spare tire of the station wagon.
I'd better make some sandwiches.
Yeah, I was going to tell you about the dark stuff.
Maybe you've just been sitting there all this time, waiting, wishing, and hoping against all hope
that you would live long enough to experience, at least once more,
or maybe just once, that fabled event which truly is dark stuff.
Ah, yes, just when you thought that the church had breathed its last gasp
and that Bob went down for the last time instead of whipping it,
you thought you might never get another chance to groove on down the backside of reality
while stoking it.
On your fine frockster, with your best beach-burning rolling blood.
The proceeding was judged politically incorrect and against Federal Bureau of Demonology.
Wow, these photo op things, they keep running down.
Why don't you put in another little phone card?
Ah, I think, well, that fixes it.
So,
anyway, you and all the other subgenius megalomaniacs.
Ah, come on, Dr. Howell.
What about me and all them other subgenius megalomaniacs?
Ah, friends,
I've got some preaching to do tonight.
I've got a focused, a particularly focused message.
We're just going to stay on one subject tonight.
We're going to do it Dr. Gene Scott style, I think.
I don't, I don't want you to think that'd be about right.
Will?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Zandy?
Whatever.
We're just going to, I'm going to preach on,
because it's a spirit, it's spirit-filled men, you see.
And women, take the mind of your, now I'm preaching now.
Take, women, you take the mind of your man by the spirit.
See, if you can take him by, take the mind of your man by the spirit,
you can control him.
You can control his flesh.
Because what controls this being is the mind, and not the brain.
No, the brain doesn't know.
You decide.
It's in your will.
Thy will be done.
Now, it's funny, see, old Will, Will of Dobbs over here is laughing.
But that's not the kind of will we're talking about.
Your will.
Let thy will be done.
Let the mind of Bob dwell in you, you see, sir, ma'am.
But Bob will not dwell in your filth.
He will not dwell in your negative thoughts, your rebellion.
When you get the mind of Bob properly, by the Holy Spirit,
you'll see a change in everything, a change in your whole life.
You've got to develop your Bob mind.
You've got to give your mind, you see, you see what I'm talking about now, don't you?
Well, now, now I'm not using background music here.
I don't need it.
I'm not wanting it, and I'm not needing it.
Because I've been in discernment.
You've heard Brother Gene, and now you're going to hear me.
But you've got to develop that Bob mind.
You've got to give your mind food from the word of Bob.
You can't hide away at home from the world and have the Bob mind.
It has to be developed.
You have to go out into the world.
You have to be ready to, well, do it to it before it's going to do it to you.
You know what I'm saying now.
Because that's the first thing.
The first secret for getting the mind of Bob is, well, you know what it is, get slack.
You don't, yeah, you don't come bed, now, I know you've been, some of you, you pray to Bob for slack.
But don't be coming up to Bob with a sad face.
Don't come to him with a sad face.
You rejoice.
You've got the mind of Bob.
You don't walk up to Bob and say, no, Bob, I'm rejected.
Nobody loves me.
Oh, I hate my job.
No siree.
No siree, ma'am.
You walk up to Bob with, with slack.
And say, Bob, now, despite all this, this stuff, all this mess, I'm still, I'm still slackful.
And see, when you got Bob's ear, because, because he's a God who loves to be worshipped.
Then you kind of slip in.
And Bob, while I'm talking to you, I got this little problem I'd like to tell you about.
That's how you do it.
Now, if you meditate on these things, the brain will get the idea.
That's what you're trying to do.
You're trying to trick the brain into getting the idea.
It's like unto the twelve temptations.
Now, the government files on this church.
I want you to know about the government.
Because the conspiracy has ignored us.
Sure, largely.
We think.
We think.
But it's not because we're so pathetic.
No, that's not.
It's because we're so frightening to them.
Unexplained.
They don't know.
They don't know.
They know that the formula for world overthrow is here.
But they don't know what it is.
They don't know why.
Or what.
Or the how of it.
It's just like the way they regard the UFO.
There's this whole secret, majestic twelve kind of group.
The Department of the National Security Agency.
Does nothing but study the subgenius.
They may know, for all we know, they may know more about Bob than we do.
They might actually be a more, for all we know, they might be a more important tool in his plan than you.
The conspiracy agency that studies the subgenius might know more about it than you and me.
Because they've got, working with them, they've got the coprolitologists of Moab.
Moab.
My friend, in the desert.
Yay, the desert of Lebanon.
It's simultaneously a place and a being and a state of mind.
You see, this is how one can pass through the gates of opportunity.
Now friends, some things need to be said.
And you know on most college campuses now, there's spent condoms hanging from the fences and the trees.
And where it used to be just regular toilet paper or something like that.
But to fool the pink, to fool the pink, now you see, I'm not using the music.
I'm just right here and they're not going to stop me.
Ehh, said G. Miguelomaniac.
Ehh, said G. Miguelomaniac.
Ehh, said G. Miguelomaniac.
Ehh, said G. Miguelomaniac.
May I? May I continue here?
You and all the other Sub G. M-e-g-l-o-r-o-d.
Now we can have a nice show.
Yeah, man, this is the nicest show we're ever going to have.
You know, millions of years ago, these funny looking big reptile type things roamed the earth.
many many many many years ago always crazy they had great big horns
the longer dog was 72 feet long its tiny brain was half the size of a woman
but it possessed a spinal enlargement which could do differential calculus and solve problems in advanced physics
prepare to land on planet
we're going in strap in
ah thanks
ah what a relief
yes many people believe this story but only you the listener can sort it all out and there will be a quiz in about 5 minutes
yeah
you suck
you suck
you're a devil
you're a devil
you're shut
in the name of Jesus
and now by the word of God
whatcha gonna do with your testicles
when you don't plan on having any children again
it's the drive thru vasectomy
hello
may i take your order please
yeah i'd like a vasectomy
you want anything
um yeah i'll have a vasectomy also
sounds good two vasectomies please
thank you drive up to the window please
whoa whoa
whoa
hey how cool are we
yeah
what's the matter with your voice and mine
oh man she screwed up our order
we wanted vasectomies
not castration
earls drive thru vasectomies
we clip and you save
look you won't even laugh
You are listening to the Church of the New Faith.
Father Grace and Brother Naldi.
P.O. Box 9152, Virginia Beach, Virginia.
2-3-4-5-0.
Oh, you're not listening.
Oh, you're listening to the Church of the New Faith.
The Church of the Subgenius, dear friends.
P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
But praise the Church of the New Faith.
Fine preachers there, but they can't shut me up because to fool the pink, you see, to fool the pink.
Let's meditate upon this.
To fool the pink.
One must be able to adopt the disguise, a certain disguise, a variation, let's say, on the masks of insanity,
as read about in your pamphlet, number one, and book, number one.
Assume whatever guise is necessary.
To fool the pink who thinks that you're serving it.
Now, you know just what it takes.
You know what it's going to take to make them think that you're catering to their every whim.
It takes a keen perception to pinpoint just what that whim is.
And you just show just enough eccentricity that they think you're not hiding anything, see, or being a sycophant.
This is all part of the zen of corporalism.
It's not just being a culprit, but kissing.
To show just enough abnormality that they think you're being real upfront and honest with them.
That's the idea anyway.
Because if it's a rogue, unsaved subgenius you're dealing with, you're applying for a job with an unsaved subgenius,
they'll see right through it.
And that reminds me, I was driving by an old fill-in station the other day, and it made me think,
you know, the first mega fist temple lodge here in Dallas?
It shouldn't just be a little building like, you know, it is.
It should be more like a UFO shaped, you know, like those restaurants that you see in Los Angeles that are shaped like UFOs.
That's the kind of building that, but with that sort of combination Jetsons and Rosicrucian ornate designs upon it.
That's what I've always thought of.
the first mega fist temple lodge to be and where are your pledges where are your pledges i asked
your friends because you know without them without them pledges why this radio station can't keep
this ministry the word of bob as preached by your pastor reverend i've been staying that's me talking
and i'm asking you dear friends to get them pledges on in now i know you you felt in your
heart the faith the faith that you would pay the station later on but now you must do the acts
you see that the acts of actually writing that check because friends we only turn the cheek
one time uh in the when when they edited the bible they cut the part where jesus said
uh and then if he said
slaps you again said jesus then flay him alive in front of his wife and family they cut stuff like
that uh the the early christians did for reasons that have probably seem obvious to us now but
the truth is as it said in the gospel of john the other john that jesus has a child he was like the
kid in the twilight zone that could kill anybody by magic and uh in the book of john it said the
young it tells we've told the story on previous uh ministry uh state show broadcast here that uh
the young jesus was into killing his playmates and teachers he didn't know any better he was
just learning to be a messiah and it was the same was and he would fly he could fly jesus had powers
of flight he could fly around and cast spells like a sorcerer this is all in the nag hamadi text and
you can go you can buy it at the bookstore
the flying
jesus the super jesus dear friends but the early gospels of bob are surprisingly similar as we find
in the chapter under the bad magic of the young sorcerer bob of flying the site just like the
sorcerer jesus the child bob would fly and get into robbing banks dear friends uh his mother
said told the senate subcommittee when they
angered
him that wasn't her exact words but when people angered him she said they would suddenly drop dead
and die i quote from the commission report there a horrible grisly death friends that happened to
his teachers praise bob paper cut to death one was it's like when he'd pray when bob would pray
for his teacher or a boss to die well bob was just so lucky it would happen
that way
where did bob do that

you can billions has beenments of or
adjacent exhibition of god and his late father the day just that way saw the rain
second edition Ecclesians version 2
give me slack or give me food
or he said give me Apaches loaded with sidewinders
and nuclear weapons
or a synclavier
which reminds me dear friends
we wanted to put out a little want ad
this is a church want ad you could consider
it wanted one drummer
must have Apache helicopter loaded with sidewinders
and a synclavier
can bring drums if want to
contact Philo Drummond
Ball Wynn, Missouri
and uh
my god

the
we
remember
the
best

and
well
got

okay
until
at
it
bought
searches
that's

I Don't smell green
my eating
going on since biblical times.
Dear Lord, kill all who do not believe.
Kill wretched.
Kill crack users.
Kill long-haired, maggot-infested children
of the 60s rejects.
Satan, kill your mom.
Satan, kill your children.
Lord, help us deal with the death
and the discrimination of the forces of evil.
I pray.
Die, all heathens, I pray.
Please, Lord, help us in our war against Satan.
Kill. Die.
Kill. Die.
Kill Satan.
Die for God.
Can't you see what's happening?
Conspiracy.
A secret battle, a war on God.
But no, a war on Satan.
They're killing Christians.
They're killing blacks.
God, they will kill whites.
They kill Jews.
They kill Muslims.
They kill Ori and Elves and Malawis.
They are the children who smoke crack
and then they go ahead and kill and rape in their gangs.
These little heathens.
Die.
Kill for Christ.
Guys, our general, the battle is our battle plan.
Should we be giving away our tactics to the enemy?
No.
Kill heathens.
If you are having fun, then you are sinning, you heathen.
Pleasure is the root of all evil.
Here, Satan's arson on his bed to capture your soul.
Do I ever swallow my gun and blow my head off
to get you heathens to listen?
The Lord God Almighty is great and should be feared.
Christ would do a double flip over his cross.
Lust for death.
Fear is wrath.
Fear for love.
Fear pleasure.
Have you ever been so angry at someone
that you just wanted to,
or you didn't know what to do?
Provence, wet creed.
Reattach.
Freshly purchased.
Freshly sharpened, rather.
The money to purchase.
Sawtooth.
Boxing for Boeing 747.
Angular curled saw blade and
chug-a-lot down the middle of the crotch
to let them fall off.
If you're Japanese pick up Trumpet.
למש
God, you know what?
You.
Don't stick your nose in here.
Yeah, go away.
The world monetary system will be completely revamped.
The way trading is done in the stock market will change.
Cash will disappear.
We use plastic cards and the barter system for everything.
Unexpected people from nontraditional backgrounds will pop up as world leaders.
The world will be destabilized until 1995.
Which means more of everything from quakes to revolution.
Sir, Mr. Paucus, this is genetics.
You know, not all mutations are created equal.
Oh, new recruit?
Call any time.
I'm ready for the quiz now.
What now?
You'll just have to wait in line with the other...
I have to wait another five minutes?
Don't bite your pencil.
Now just stand over there.
Keep your hands out of your pockets.
Just stand still and we'll get to you in just a minute.
But, but, but...
A severed thumb that turned up in the stomach of a lake trout has been traced to its owner, Mike Pachuca.
The Sweetwater County coroner said Thursday that he had confirmed that the thumb belonged to...
...a few-year-old Robert Dobbs, a policeman.
Psycho-lysmic trauma.
It was shot in February.
...shows similarities with the experiences of soldiers and others.
The Dobbs said he had lost his father next to the road near Boating.
The crowds look menacing.
A car backfired spring day.
There's a flaming asphalt tire fire south of Green River.
July 2nd.
Later from the alley.
July 26th.
The fingers, removed from the fish's belly, were found and reattached by dexterous surgeons on Dexagene.
Question number one.
You know, it's not...
Yeah, that's right, baby.
It's not a radio show.
It's a map.
But don't get it confused with the territory.
Don't get Bob confused with the dots.
Uh...
Bob...
Yeah, friends, it's okay, it's okay, though.
But because of the way I live, one of the dear listeners called in a little while ago and said,
Reverend Stang, could you give me the number of the Church of the New Faith again?
And, you know, I can't.
I can't because I don't have it on paper.
It was just on that one tape.
But...
You know, you can find out what anything is.
But...
And it's not just a tape.

You can find out what something is by writing to Bob.
We're going to give you a post office box number that you can write to that'll actually
put you in touch with J.R. Bob Dobbs.
You can ask him personally.
Well, maybe one of his secretaries might have to deal with it if he's too busy.
But we'll tell you those addresses, all kinds of things you might want to know.
Here comes that post office box number.
I bet you've got that pencil ready now.
That's...
Yeah, we'll just address that to Bob at post office box 140306.
Ah, yes.
In Dallas, Texas.
That's box 140306, Dallas, Texas.
Zip code 75214.
Ah, yes, yes.
And something good.
Good, good, good will be coming your way.
Any...
Why, when we get to side two of this radio ministry broadcast, why, oh, it just tickles
my soul gland to think about it.
I'm going to express that gland.
I'm going to try to do it right here on the air.
But stockpile those weapons, friends, like we were saying.
Uh...
We're going to try to bring you the specifics of the hardware.
And next week we'll have a special section on the subgenius women's weapons of choice.
Because you're going to need to know how to administer justice after X day in case you're
still stuck on this planet.
If the men from Planet X don't rupture you up.
Just in case you aren't one of the first ones up, I should say.
I mean, every...
You will.
I mean, if you, uh, you know, have your subgenius membership card.
Certainly, I'm...
I can't see how the X's would mess anything up.
I mean, they're like unto gods and all.
But say there was a slight delay.
And you were left behind for a short time.
And you might not have to know how to apply justice in your clan or, or, or neighborhood.
Your little warlord community there after the end times have climaxed.
So we're going to...
Uh, be publishing in the stark fist of removal newsletter.
So, where the arsenals in our country are.
Real maps to the arsenals.
Shortest routes.
Evacuation modes.
And arsenal storming techniques.
So that the true subgenius warrior of the faith will know how to get that information,
shall we say.
And where to place those nuclear weapons.
Strategy A.
Strategy B.
Strategy C.
Strategy D.
Strategy E.
Strategy E.
Strategy F.
Strategy E.

Strategy T.

Strategy F.

Strategy T.
Strategy F.
Strategy T.

Strategy式
Strategy X.
Strategy Y.
Strategyitudine.
Strategy PRX.
StECTA.
Federation, come and land.
They're donut-shaped, you know,
and they'll stack up on the Washington Monument,
the big one first and then the next biggest one and like that,
like one of those baby's toys,
only not exactly correctly,
and they'll form a shape that opens the gateway
for, shall it be the Exists
or the Yakatizma, the Wyists
or even the Zists.
Well, I'll tell you what I'm hoping for,
the pleasure goddesses, friends.
Of course, I know that you're with me on that too.
I feel like I'm with you today on this show,
tonight, I should say.
I feel like I'm perceiving the unsullied truth tonight
with no subjective bias.
At all.
Ah, yes.
And although the believers are calling in,
Will is counseling those young Bobbyettes.
And friends, we've reached the end of side one of our show.
Let's switch to some lovely, relaxing music here
while we prepare to go to side two
of your subgenius radio ministry,
Hour of Slack.
Ah, yes.
Here on lovely radio station
in beautiful...
Praise these wonderful partner stations.
By the way, the script of the live portion of this show
was carefully prepared into exacting specifications
by Dr. Philo Drummond,
over man, first degree, second authorized mega fist temple lodge,
St. Louis, Missouri,
and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
the sacred scribe number 273, copyright 1992.
This is show number 333.
Praise Bob.
And에도 D contained the K lacks.

we're bad.
Can't erase who,
We
never know.
coming this summer.
The stupid to end all in stupid.
Dr. Brown.
When the Jocas after me.
I know,
No, put me in the time machine.
You'll never find me in the future.
Please put me in the time machine.
Hey, what are you doing here? This is my sequel.
What are you talking about? This is my sequel.
I'm afraid you're both wrong, gentlemen.
This is my sequel.
Who Framed Roger Robocop in the Future Part 3.
You know what they say about summer movies.
Summer movies, some aren't.
And now, another great John F. Kennedy moment in history.
The year is 1827.
The place, Berlin, Germany.
Composer Ludwig von Beethoven meets with his mistress in her boudoir.
My liebchen, aren't you going to take off your dress for Ludwig?
I can't.
Why not?
I too.
Wait a minute. There's somebody under your dress.
Come out of there, you schweinhund.
Ask not what your country can do for you.
Ask what you can do for your country.
Who are you?
Ich bin ein Berliner.
Baloney, you are no Berliner.
You're that sneaky John F. Kennedy.
Get out, you sex maniac.
No, I can explain.
Get out und stay out.
I can explain this.
This has been another John F. Kennedy great moment in history.
Willa Dobbs, if you haven't heard his story,
you haven't heard...
The whole story.
Ha, ha, ha.
That was...
Yeah.
And...
Well, of course, I guess I've been talking kind of roundabout.
But what we wanted to get...
Well, one of the subjects, the main focus of this particular branch of the subject we were on, dear friends,
is understanding the ancient...
heritage of the Yeti.
Of, uh...
Of Mutantus.
The Yetis of Mutantus.
Uh, well, now, wait a minute.
I'm not gonna...
I just, I don't want to hear that same old background music again.
That's just...
I've heard that a million times.
I got preaching to do here.
I...
What's some...
I need to sharpen this up here.
If I turn up my own head...
If I turn up my own head...
You turn up your own headphones, don't you?
This is a preacher technique.
You turn up your own headphones, it makes you feel more powerful.
Which is all that really counts.
The, uh...
That the enthusiasm become delirious.
But as we were saying...
Now...
You've heard, of course, of...
Mu...
And Atlantis...
And Lemuria...
And these various, you know, new agey...
Things.
And there actually was a...
Uh...
Mu was the human name of, uh...
This continent.
Now, it's not exactly the same as Gondwana land.
Now, if you'll, uh...
If you've studied your history...
Uh...
Pre-creationist history...
Uh...
You would, uh...
Know that Gondwana land was the, uh...
The land before the continent separated, you see.
You would know about continental drift and all that.
Before the...
The...

There was North America and South America and Africa and Asia and...
It was all like one chunk.
Okay.
And here there were yetis.
There was all this land.
But then...
With the plate tectonics, things split up some.
Okay, so...
But they were connected.
Interconnected still.
But...
But...
Oceans where there ain't none.
There was all this land there which sunk.
And the present...
It was like a negative of the way the world looks now.
There was...
There was land where the ocean...
Ocean is now...
An ocean where the land is now.
And the present continents popped up into place.
And the old continent...
Sunk.
And this is sort of like the Earth's breathing.
It's like a continental seesaw that happens over millions of years.
And it will happen again...
Soon.
So there is...
On top...
Besides this, there is continental drift.
But that's more like the solar winds...
Kind of blowing the scum across the top of the pond.
If you know what I mean.
Where it shifts and breaks up.
It's...
It's at least as much a result of the solar wind.
According to subgenius...
Forbidden sciences.
As it is due to the sub-tectonic magma currents.
Which, of course, they study in secular high schools and such like.
But I get behind myself, you might say, here.
The Yetis.
The original Yetis.
What...
The...
The last...
I guess you'd say the only full-blood Yetis now...
Would be the so-called Bigfoot or Sasquatch.
Known to the American wilderness.
The Yetis is their name, of course, in the Himalayas.
In Tibet.
Where Bob escaped to after that time in Burma.
That prisoner of war camp in Japan.
But...
Don't want to get ahead of myself too much on that one.
Now you know that story.
The Yetis lived upon that lost continent of ancient times...
In faraway days called Mutantis.
And there...
Of course, the Yetis were invented by the Exists, as you know.
But the Yetis, in turn, invented for themselves beasts of burden.
Which we know as humans.
The common human was invented 80 million years ago...
In a test tube by the Yetis of Mutantis.
Now, the original name of the humans...
It's an unusual...
It's a...
Weegor.
Weegor.
U-I-G-H-U-R-S.
Okay?
Weegors.
Who escaped...
The...
From the Yetis.
And in fact, after the...
I hesitate to call it the fall of the Yetis.
But the accident, shall we say.
The Weegor Empire was the largest colonial empire...
Belonging to Mutantis.
The Empire of the Sun.
It stretched from the Pacific Ocean...
Where the Pacific Ocean is now...
To where Moscow is now.
And these Weegors...
Were the beginning of the true Aryan races.
The milk-white skin and the blue eyes.
And during the...
The Pleistocene...
After the Empire of the Yetis were destroyed...
These devolved creatures...
After the Yeti...
Creators...
Were destroyed in the Great Magnetic Cataclysm...
And the raising of the...
Of the mountains.
The survivors...
Those Weegors...
Formed settlements across Europe...
In tertiary times.
And the old friends...
Low 50 feet beneath...
The Gobi Desert...
Lay the ruins of...
Karakota.
Now Bob got all this from the Nakao records...
When he was in the hands of the Tibetan Llamas.
These sacred...
Sacred scrolls.
That tell of...
The...
Because...
Well let's look at our book of the subgenius...
Volume 2...
Here...
If you know...
You ain't...
You ain't...
You ain't nodding on me are ya?
Now I can see a few heads starting to nod out there.
Hey I know your collection plate's gonna be coming around to wake you up.
Don't you be worried about that.
I'm not...
I ain't...
Demanding total attention.
I ain't getting it.
I ain't wanting it.
You're allowed to daydream and dream up your own...
I know you're gonna come up with some...
Some strange...
Strange interpretations for what I say.
People read the strangest things into the word of Bob.
They just...
The kookiest, nuttiest things.
You take a simple concept like the...
The um...
The...
These escapees from the exes...
The yeti test tube in Atlantis.
And they'll take something simple like that and just make this kooky, nutty...
You know that's...
But you know how religionists are friends.
You know how these fundamentalist nuts...
Subject...
Look, Bob preserves from subgenius...
Kooks.
But um...
Well...
Well...
Well, let's...
Let's go back...
In...
To these revivals of ancient date and see what the old covenant men had to say.
Let's make love under the stars.
And watch for UFOs.
If little baby Martians...
Come out of the UFOs...
And **** them...
Yeah...
Yeah...
The zebra spilled its plasticine on Venus...
And the gels and fingers whose electric harbors...
Ramona's ****...
Died in hell...
And the Nazis want to kill...
To kill everyone...
Oh, sweet...
Um...
Just let me know when it's...
Let me know...
Let me know when it's...
No, mean, just...
Your наших investment...
Let my help...
Show that Curiosity is very...
so
when the broke fan made the world the earth was the woman and the sky was the man and the sky man
man came down upon the earth woman and the world in the beginning was pure lake covered with bull
rushes and when gabrog fran had killed neither bob and formed man man from the dung and blood
he then made woman
and the earth woman out of rattlesnakes and tarantulas and they came together and made man
woman and man man and that is why there are four sexes today man man woman woman man woman and woman
man when there were villages
there was an ancient wicked and wicked saying god will bestow his kingdom as king

until mud came from aotic rocks and

survived its collapse the world the earth was a ravzięked forest it is not
anyone who did not fight for man only hope made the world Kim and Chimney did notном
cow il
monsters grew fast and became very strange. They hurt others. They upset huts. They befouled the
people's food. A wise man who could see things in his mind which had not yet happened said,
kill these strange bad things before they kill you. And so the people went and killed the bad
things. But that was never the end for the subgenius men came and killed man, man, and woman,
man, and man, woman, and woman, woman.
Such religious patterns. The Church of the Subgenius is an esoteric organization,
a secret lodge or cult whose members lurk just outside of the comfortable circle of the firelight.
Well, um, customer service. My birthday was wonderful. We had the performing elephants,
dancing girls, uh, Androcles and the lion, uh, just about everything that you can imagine. It
was all wrapped up into one bundle of scrumptious fun. Unfortunately, I was sick to my stomach and
missed it. Oh, that's right now ongoing. Yes. But, uh, um, well,
I'm going on right on the show here.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Get out of here.
Come on, come on.
As a general rule, in evaluating your listening situation,
you should stand in front of the speaker an equal distance from each speaker.
Lord God is the greatest power, General of all.
He said, take the art of the covenant. Let the priest carry the horns of battle, delivering the march against Satan, Joshua 6.
Because the priest must take us into battle and make it holy.
The spiritual well-being of our nation is more important now than ever.
For the time is near when the sharring of flesh and the gnashing of teeth is coming.
No, but we have, uh, you know what I did find was a piece of footage with, uh,
Pee Wee Herman and President Kennedy in 1963.
Oh, that's why they're changing all the coins.
Yeah.
I don't think you understand this, young man.
Ann Bertha, who gave you the headphones?
You're not supposed to have any of this radio stuff at this hour.
If you put one nail in my hand, you'll have to nail the other.
The other what?
Oh, my.
Nasty young man.
But if he would have been an octopus, that would have been really terrible to nail him.
Well, it would have taken eight nails.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
More arms than an octopus.
He was all over you.
We've been to that show.





We've been to that show before.
I don't understand you.
You're just a satanic evil.
My God, customer service is still hanging on.
No, satiric.
It's level.
I'm still hanging in there.
It's pretty sad.
Not satanic.
See, that's, it's an old mimeograph machine gets smudged.
It's not satanic and evil.
It's satirical and...
I would if I could, but...
I love Ann Bertha.
Jesus Christ.
Less than half an hour ago, I shot 50 cc's of Ann Bertha.
Nailed it.
Still back.
Done.
I don't understand.
Put her away.
I don't even know.
I'll put her behind you.
That's it.
That's it.
Professor Dyer.
And Martha, would you like to go home, dear?
Oh, Jesus doesn't like this show.
He was your fornicator and masturbator and...
Now, Ann Bertha, just take a stress pill and calm down.
I just need...
Think of beautiful thoughts, like me.
No, Jesus had the submarine earlier.
That was in the first 15 minutes of the show.
It's what they call the Jesus wheel.
It keeps the rover of the submarine from...
Is she still in her strengths, Ann Bertha?
It was just...
Okay, yeah.
She's in the rubber room now, being chastised by Sven and Newt, our overeager bodyguards.
I need a mouth or something.
I need...
I need a headache.
You and me too, sister.
I think Ann Bertha's...
I think something's happening down there.
Here come the cops.
I can't do it.
I just nailed it.
What's happening down there?
Look at the monitor.
Ann Bertha's swelling up.
I...
dreamed of getting in there.
My
I therefore praise these gentlemen who know and show both the how and when.
Oh, thank you so much, Captain.
Ah, yeah, it feels so good, so good, good, good to be in the spirit again, you know,
because, oh, it's like, it's like love between those yetis.
You know, a couple of yetis getting together.
It wouldn't, back in them days, oh, they'd do things you can't even imagine.
But it was, because it wasn't just like chemistry between, like, a couple of yetis,
like it would be between, say, you and your beloved.
It would be more like electrochemistry
with a bunch of quantum,
quantum physics thrown in, because they, you know, when they get going,
they just pour back and forth, dear friends, kind of exploding together
in these echoing shiver rushes,
where one could literally feel just exactly what the other one felt
when they touched each other, sort of a sensory telepathy,
a supernaturally, a mutual anticipation, dear friends,
of each other's desire.
So passion choice from moment to moment,
and that's what religion is all about,
because religion evolved, as we see here,
in Prescripture 719, from magic,
simple, primordial magic, sympathetic,
you got your sympathetic magic,
you got your associative magic,
you know, basically, trying to influence one's environment,
you see, by hoping, in a formalized enough way,
that's all it is.
You know, that's all praying is.
You're trying to change the world around you just by hoping in a fancied-up way, if it's fancied up enough.
And see, back in the old days in the times of the pre-men,
say by chance one day the drought ended after the neighbor's kid died.
So you'd think, well, maybe the next drought might be stopped by killing the neighbor's next kid.
You know, they go, remember that time Jones got killed and it didn't flood?
Well, by gobs, we'll kill a Jones every year and it'll never flood.
We never liked that Jones clan anyway.
That's the way it works.
But then one is forced to question.
One is forced to ask.
Are, therefore, the teachings of Bob nothing but a misguided, overly complicated form of associative magic and wishful thinking?
Well.
My friends, it is, but it's a guided, not misguided, it's a guided overly complicated form of associative magic and wishful thinking.
So why would it be any different from the false religions, you would ask?
Because, my friends, it is based on true magic.
True magic.
True prophecy.
Not just stupid inferences like some of these other, you know, prophetic, so-called prophetic churches.
And what of proof?
See, we're wrapping it all up here.
We got it.
We got it all figured out.
You ask any subgenius, there be your proof.
It'll tell you a million examples what Bob has done, what Bob, my friends, has done, and it would, that were like magic.
Things that were like magic.
Like when the child Bob would pray for his enemies to die.
Ah, yes.
You know, the Druids found that if a woman went out into a field and plowed or even just pretended to plow,
that it would rain.
As if to say, see God, we're plowing.
We're out here plowing, God.
Hint, hint.
Get the picture, God.
See?
Then it would rain.
Now, by the same token today, when we go out and spend credit card money we don't have,
we're doing the same thing.
We're going, see God?
See God?
We're using the credit card.
You can grant us prosperity now.
We spent, we used the money.
You can give us the real money now that we spent the credit card.
But there's endless arguments, you know, about the faith.
It's like a big stupid soap opera.
But that makes me think of that time in the myth, the myth of the olden Bob,
where it said when the Lord Bob, and this was the way they would do it in covenant days,
when the Lord Bob entered his palaces, which were perfect to the fullest extent,
his 1,000, 188,109 queens rejoiced within their minds to see their husband home.
They leapt, leaped from the meditation seats, and as was socially customary,
covered their faces shyly and looked about coyly.
I'm reading Masterson's text here.
Their insuperable ecstasy was so strong.
They first embraced the Lord Bob in their innermost recesses of their hearts.
That was the first thing they did.
Just embraced him with their hearts, their innermost hearts.
Then they embraced him with their outermost hearts.
Then they embraced him visually.
See, up to that point, they didn't dare even look at him.
They were so happy to see him home.
They'd worked their way up through it.
Then they'd send their sons to embrace him.
But they still weren't embracing him, see?
Of course, there's 188,000 of them.
And finally, after the sons had all embraced Bob,
then, though they tried to restrain their feelings,
the brides of Bob would shed tears.
That was their final stage, you see.
Don't you see?
Because this was just before the good signs of the Zodiac had evolved.
After the first Bob was born.
And the wise men informed him that his first son, Bob,
they said, in Prescripture 1719, they said,
the wise men said,
surely he is an Epops descendant.
The Brahmanas said,
this spotless son is restored by the all-powerful and all-persuasive Lord Vishnu,
the personality of the Godhead,
in order to oblige you, oblige you, see.
And then Bob's unconsciousness now lapses in his consciousness.
That is, his consciousness, his consciousness, I'm saying,
lapses into unconsciousness of the undifferentiated cosmic life
and uncovers the true significance of this Bob,
this Bob whose numbers reveal that he is a life
not yet entered into the process of evolution.
In other words, by this standard, he is a pink, a pink.
He falls asleep with his genitals uncovered, to use the biblical term.
He is uncovered within his tent, as they say.
He is suffering the plight of Noah,
who said to himself,
Darn it, Noah said.
He said, you know, we got all these stinking animals on board.
We can't clean up after them.
Everybody's dead except us and these animals.
I'm going to get drunk.
I'm going to break into them casks full of grog.
And Noah did that.
And that's when, you know, they,
and that boy found him and,
and they punished him for, for finding him.
Sent him away into Canaan, you see.
And that's where the naked women and the lustfulness man
and the head and the people being fried alive
and the angel that keep the guy from being tempted
on that woodcut, that's where they all come from.
It's the land of, of Canaan, dear friends.
Because we love to preach the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs here on the radio.
We know that people who've just tuned into this show for the first time
are getting an earful.
They're hearing,
they're hearing this preaching and they're going,
finally.
They're saying, I thought I was alone in the world.
I thought I was the only one who thought thoughts like this.
I thought I was the only one who had a Bob man.
Because that's what you have, you know.
You have, it's your Bob man that listens to this show with you.
You have your spirit man, as Brother Tilton has told you about.
But that's drunk most of the time.
It's a fundamentalist Christian.
Did you know that everyone, as part of their nental life,
their nental life,
not mental life.
I trust you've been reading your book.
Your nental life, your psychic self,
the things standing behind you that they can't see.
And neither can you or me, thank God, because they're so ugly.
Your nental life has three parts.
It has your conspiracy man, your spirit man, and your Bob man.
Your spirit man on everybody is a fundamentalist Baptist Christian.
Even on a Palestinian or an Israeli or Jewish fellow,
he has a spirit man.

He's a spirit man that's a Baptist fundamentalist, a nut, old, crazy.
I mean, not just regular Baptist.
I mean, a crazy fundamentalist.
But you see, friends, people get the wrong idea about the church.
They think that we're making fun of those old characters, you know,
those old preachers in their wooden cabin,
preaching to that little congregation out in the backwoods.
And we're not.
That's not what we're doing.
We're not trying to make fun of that.
That feller.
What we're trying to do is recapture that, friends, and take it back.
We want to take it back.
And that's another thing we've been talking about.
We want to take fascism back from the conspiracy.
We want to give fascism back to the people.
Take it back from the way the conspiracy demeaned it
and demeaned that preaching and turned it into Bob Tilton, friends.
We're into real traditional family values.
You know, a head-launching done properly.
It's just like an old-time barn-raising with a square dance at the end
to break in the old church.
Oh, yes.
Well, it looks like it's about time for us to get off the air.
And I'm going to give that post office box number again
that you can write to for free information on J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the guru and high-epop, the saint of sales,
and the living avatar of slack.
Oh, yes.
And we've been...
I'm preaching his word.
I'm your preacher, Reverend Ivan Stang.
This is the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
And you can write to Bob at
Post Office Box
1-4-0-3-0-6
Dallas, Texas
7-5-2-1-4
That's right.
That's Bob at Box 1-4-0-3-0-6
Dallas, Texas
7-5-2-1-4
Ah, yes.
Praise Bob.
And let's...
Let there be slack.
Bob, hear our plea.
We beseech thee.
Help us be free from normalcy.
We're dumb, devoted, and dumb.
Talk back.
Please give us an hour of slack.
J.R. Bob Dobbs never fails.
He's the living slack master of mystic sales.
All you conspiracy doofs.
Just you wait.
Till July the 5th, 1998.
Invaders will come from Planet X
Bringing gifts of money, time control, and great sex
A new age will dawn and we'll never look back
We'll be busy enjoying our slack
Everybody now.
Bob, hear our plea.
We beseech thee.
Help us be free from normalcy.
We're dumb, devoted, and dumb.
Talk back.
Please give us an hour of slack.
He's the bridge between heaven and earth and hell.
He's the Patriot Saint of sales.
Yeah, he's doing well.
Media cretins are normals and things beware.
The Slaves of Hell.
Every word of this slackmaster sells everywhere.
Give thanks to Bob.
Give thanks to Bob.
Give thanks to Bob.
Our eternal hope.
Praise be to her when you journey to hell.
