The subgenius hour of slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station and only in the city of...
Yes, dear friends, so good to hear the babacata.
That's my Mark Mothersbaugh in the background.
Hour of slack.
And here we are back.
With the hour of slack.
No, actually I do have a little...
A sort of an echo device I could turn on.
I wonder if I can get these little wellman heads into their position.
No, I'm not going to mess with that.
What was I going to...
Oh, I had some quick church announcements.
Then we're going to get back to the tapes.
The tapes, yes, friends.
We have more still yet from Bill T. Miller's amazing new CD.
Orgy of Slack.
I've got more of Suzy the Fluzy's amazing collage.
I've got more amazing Einstein Secret Orchestra.
More Dr. Howell and Negative Land live in Portland, the Bible.
The Duke of Uke, J.N. Hypercleets, and who knows what else I'll get to into this stack.
Friends, as far as the local church news goes,
Scouts, the Scouts are saving aluminum cans, bottles, and other items to be recycled if you have any of that kind of thing.
The...
The...

Proceeds will be used to cripple children.
The Outreach Committee has enlisted 25 visitors to make calls on people who are not afflicted with any church.
And...
The low self-esteem support group, friends, will be meeting at 7 o'clock on Thursdays.
Please use the back door.
And...
Remember...
In prayer, friends, the many who are sick of our church and community.
In the news...
Uh, this is from, uh, Planet Proctor News.
Turmoil rocked heaven this morning as allegations arose that God had had an affair with a former worshiper.
The scandal was begun when a 21-year-old woman known only as Mary claimed that she had given birth to God's only son last week in the hamlet of Bethlehem.
Uh, sources close to Mary claimed...
That she had, quote, loved God for a long time, unquote.
That she was constantly talking about her relationship with God and that she was thrilled to have his child.
In a press conference this morning, God issued a vehement denial saying that, quote, no sexual relationship existed and that, uh, quote, the facts of this story will come out in time verily.
Independent counsel Kenneth Beelzebub immediately filed a brief with the Justice Department to expand his investigation.
He said that the allegations were based on the allegation to cover questions of whether any commandments may have been broken and whether God had illegally funneled laundered money to his illegitimate child through three foreign operatives known only as the Wise Men.
Beelzebub also has issued subpoenas to several angels who are rumored to have acted as go-betweens in the affair.
Critics have pointed out these allegations have little to do with the charges that Beelzebub was originally appointed to investigate.
That God had created large-scale flooding in order to cover...
...up evidence of a failed land deal.
In recent months, Beelzebub's investigation has already been expanded to cover questions surrounding the large number of locusts that plagued God's political opponents in the last election,
as well as to claims that the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah was to divert attention away from a scandal involving whether the giveaway of a parcel of public land in Promised County to a Jewish special interest group was quid pro quo for political contributions.
If these allegations prove to be true, then this could be a huge blow to God's career, much of which has been spent crusading for stricter moral standards and higher punishment for wrongdoers.
Indeed, God recently outlined a tough-on-crime plan consisting of ten commandments, which has been introduced to Congress in a bill by Representative Moses.
Critics of the bill have pointed out that it lacks provisions for the...
...rehabilitation of criminals and lawyers for the ACLU are planning to fight the name-in-drain commandment as being an unconstitutional restriction in free speech.
...
...
...
...
...

...

...






...


...
...
...
...
...
...


















It was a mysterious journey that you took.
I don't know, man.
The merging with the doggy mind.
And the camel back.
The merging and becoming one with the doggy mind.
Becoming one with the camel's water sack.
And how would you erudite on that, you smoky-Flanvers, you?
I wonder.
I wonder.
Whatever happens.
I wake to the testicular velocity of your particular...
...sappin' stamps.
My sappin' stamps at this particular moment happens to be misconstrued by the violence in this room.
In fact, some of the small...
I find your vituperantence...
...vituperance is most enigmatic.
And I'd like to smoke some of your protuberances.
But I don't have the time, nor do I have the, uh...
...the vengeance needed.
Mr. High Times producer.
Mr. High Times.
No, no, no. There's no connection, please.
This is the most misconstrued thing I've ever heard.
All of it.
Every last drop.
It's all strewed, strewed.
It's strewed to do.
But we're in the back in the mystic east.
The land of Bleepo's ancient ancestors and stuff like that.
Well, yes, I'm aware of that.
Fifty thousand years ago.
We're back, we're walkin' the sands, baby.
And our feet are real hot and stuff like that.
Real hot.
Pictures of reality dying can be fun!
...and I'm...
I've almost achieved perfection, you see.
Of a divine creature.
It is pure, harmonious...
...absolutely incapable of malice.
But?
And if in my tinkering I have fallen short...
...of the human form by the odd snout, claw, or hoof...
...or pipe.
It really is of no great import.
Not yet.
Not to kill for pleasure.
Not to kill for...
Not to kill for hatred.
Not to kill anything, anytime.
That is the law.
That law has been broken.
None escape.
None escape.
None shall escape.
Praise Bones!
Praise Bones!
Praise Bones!
Praise Bones!
You know, even the task of paying the negligible price of tonight's admission ticket...
...is a step toward the rosy opening iris portals of those pleasure saucers.
And when you are sucked up into the empyrean by these sex goddess aliens...
...you will be in unimaginable ecstasy.
Ecstasy which makes the highest point of ecstasy that you can think of...
...seem, by comparison, like agony.
You will frantically copulate with these alien beings.
You bet!
There's no question about not wanting to.
They've got you by the short hairs.
Something to do with pheromones, I think.
These beings may not be the sorts that you would think you would want to cohabit with.
My friends, you have no choice.
And you will be lifted...
...from this bleeding earth...
...into a wondrous land...
...which moves on and on through infinite incarnations...
...until you reach the end of all things...
...which we call...
...the punchline.
Pheromones!
Think of it.
You'll be experiencing it.
You'll be feeling it.
Or...
...you'll be in deep, crying batter...
...while others...
...experience it.
The choice is yours.
All the universe...
...or nothing.
Which...
...shall it be?
Pheromones!
The, uh...
The, uh...
...slits are there.
The slits were there.
And that weird first Japanese...
Plasmatics.
...manga-mangahuna or whatever.
The original version of the plasmatics.
Not the, uh...
...MTV version.
Yeah, the...
They're there.
The tortured plasmanics.
The tortured plasmanics.
The one where the woman had three breasts...
They're actually manning the guns on the dark side of the moon.
They're actually...
I...
Aliens...
...the alien ships are coming through...
And the woman in the guns.
They're...
...they're touching the guns.
...left and right.
But the guns on the dark side of the moon...
...are blasting them out of the sky...
...until the pleasure ships arrive.
They'll let the pleasure ships through.
The guns will silence on July 5th.
And the pleasure ships will be allowed through...
...to Earth.
And it will be pretty unpleasurable.
Yeah.
Right.
That's because so many...
You can take that to the birth.
...have their, um...
...middle...
...not the middle eye...
...but what they call your...
...your accessory forehead eye.
You got that right from the horse's mouth.

...the horse's moot.
Your accessory forehand eye sometimes gets...
...when it gazes...
...tooth glazes too far inwards...
...you automatically transfix your own self...
...and you're just considered out of the box...
...right there.
The guns will go silent.
Hey, man, more on me.
I spend so long in the penalty bags...
...they go 500 reincarnation...
...I never come back this planet.
On July 5th.
Stuff like that.
This year.
This year.
This year you get your way out...
...or you get way out?
Man, we're gonna be way out...

...yeah.
We got our smoke machine...
That's where the fun...
We got our theremin...
...got that electric violin...
...got our electric pork chops...
Dave got his am fixed...
...and we've got the...
...we've got thousands of little laboratory animals...
...that need spanked...
...and need rectal examinations...
...we're gonna be performing them...
...in front of you...
...in this magnificent cyclotron...
...that also has a daredevil rodeo...
...going on behind it...
...only outside, I mean...
That's the, uh, Euclid Tavern...
...France Cleveland...

...Ohio...
...April 16th...
...but you've probably already missed that show...
...April 16th...
...the, uh...
...seminaries of the Euclid Tavern...
...on Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio...
...navigational track of most of the vesicles...
There's one landing right now.
Phew, that's a big one, isn't it?
Don't you wish we had one like that?
I wish I had one like that.
They don't make those...
...one like that anymore either.
No, everything's digitized now.
That's an old analog one there.
It's an old analog ship.
An analog ship?
Yeah.
They had analog ships?
Yeah, you didn't know that.
All that stuff today...
...all the new ships that you see today...
...those are all digitized, digital ships.
I thought they had carbuncles and slurpees.
No, they're not carbon-based at all.
Oh, my lord and heaven.
No, they're silicon-based.
Sweet gotten himmel.
No.
Only the old analog spaceships are the carbon-based ones.
Well, how does this...
Those are the best.
You know, you can tell.
They have a warmth to them when you're flying in them...
...that the new ships don't have.
Oh, yeah, I always knew that.
The tube ships were better, but I didn't even know if we were born in...
If you can get a tube ship, you can get an analog ship...
...and use a tube amplifier modulation unit on it.
Well, that's the test tube variety of a test drive.
For the warp drive.
You got it, man.
Oh, that's old. I'm sorry.
And if you...
I'll tell you what, you know the tube amp?
If you can get this, you get yourself an analog spaceship...
...and you load that sucker with an old Leslie tube amp, man.
I thought you were going to pack it with old lesbians.
That's another old idea from SK...
Yeah.
With them rotating warp drives.
That's also another rotating idea that keeps on recurring.
That's an amazing ship you'd have there.
You'd be the envy.
Every girl in the galaxy would want to fly in your ship.
That's for sure.
Well, wasn't that a sexual illusion back in the medieval times?
The little old man in the spaceship?
Yeah.
And if you can get a Farfisa console for it...
And you can get close to that in the Middle Ages.
They're not that good, but they're nostalgic as hell.
Pictures of reality dying can be fun!
My tail knows I must fly
The weak kiss and say goodbye
She says now come back soon
From your trip up to the moon
So happy she was
She would be
Well, yeah
Well, well, well
We gotta get out of this place
It's the last thing we ever do
We gotta get out of this place
There's a better life for me
Yeah
The sun is shining, come on, get happy
The Lord is waiting to take your hand
Shout hallelujah, come on, get happy
We're gonna be going to the promised land
Oh, is it tender, long, quick
Let me take your little hand
I'll take you from this hell hole to the Toronto big land
Oh, don't blame me, oh children
If the promises are geek
Cause promises like lies
Damn ye, but so very geek
Well, there are polls that say that young people in their 20s
think it's more likely that they will see UFOs
than that they will ever collect Social Security.
You see things like this increasing
when you hear the news of such things.
Whatever you do, change your priorities.
Whatever you do, rearrange your schedule.
But get ready.
Alert number four.
There'll be signs in the stars and in the heavens.
In the moon.
You know, nobody laughs when you say three letters anymore.
U-F-O.
We're being orbited by man-made stars
while we sit here in comparative security.
You know or do you realize that
the implement that will allow the man who rules the world,
the Antichrist, you'll learn about him.
That satellite is in orbit right now.
It is called Telstar.
And I don't have to remind you that men have walked on God's moon.
Signs in the heavens.
How they'll be traveling in the last days to and fro
and everywhere and from one country to the other.
As if it is nothing.
And you know about the friendly skies
and fly now and pay never.
So you better get ready.
Ready to go.
You can go as you are.
But pay as you own.
Pay as you go.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Uncontrolled burning of this prophesied time.
However, the saved will escape this horrible judgment.
For true believers are called...
The saved are not the same.
After traveling a mile or so, one realizes that the towers and various launching sites
are laid out in one great semicircle along the eastern shoreline.
We leave the main highway and go northeast along the outer drive near the beaches.
Soon we are passing electrical transformers
and the spring's lattice steel structures of the radar and tracking installations.
Then comes the launching areas for the rockets
with the round blockhouses which look like turtles squatted down among the cabbage farms.
Beyond each blockhouse is a rocket tower.
All of these are off the main road in a little isolated area to themselves
and stand shining in the floodlights.
Before she knew it, she was staring up at the ship
that would take her into the vast, soundless void of space.
She gasped. Why, it wasn't ugly at all, but beautiful.
As it stood there tall and straight in the launching pad.
The pink light of early dawn glinted on the shiny hull and it was so clean.
Cindy was sure she wouldn't mind eating off its engines.
Suddenly, to the north and still several miles away, we see a great tower.
It is so large that it dwarfs all the rest and seems to dominate the entire cape.
This is our...
tower tower.
For enclosed within its steel framework stands the giant rocket
that will soon be taking us away...
to the moon.
None but authorized vehicles are permitted to enter the launching area.
So we leave our car on the parking ramp and walk to the complex gate.
Lights are shining directly in our faces so that the guards will be able to identify us beyond any question.
This time we are checked more closely by the guards.
This time we are checked more closely by the guards.
After a moment's delay, they wave us through and we find ourselves inside the high steel fence that encloses the entire complex area.
Now you are at the world's largest airfield on Tinian in the Marianas.
The voice you hear is that of Chaplain William Downey, who stood amongst the target charts, the escape kits and the stale coffee,
and said a prayer for the Enola Gay and civilization.
The Lord is my happening.
He's where it's all at.
He tricks me sweetly.
He never bugs me.
He says, make it, when the duds put me all down.
I keep my cool cause he straights with me.
Even though my head's torn up in the world of plastic mushroom and I'm crawling on my face,
everything is cool cause he's there digging me.
When everybody's faking and stabbing, he's super cool.
And he's with me, baby.
He craves me.
He saves my face when it's ugly, man.
He lays abundance on me.
Baby, ain't no way I can get hung up.
He's my lifetime trick.
When the great moment arrives, when all the lights are glowing green,
the test conductor will depress the launch button by a fraction of an inch to send a rocket,
weighing hundreds of pounds,
for 240,000 miles to the moon.
And you'll be riding in that rocket.
We are confronted for the first time with the massive structure of the rocket itself.
The great booster engines are protruding from the thrust section only a few feet away,
and our eyes move upward along the gleaming steel for more than 200 feet,
to where the spaceship is still hidden in the top portion of the tower.
The silver rocket, enclosed within the red carnet,
the same cave of the tower,
appears like the altar of a great cathedral,
and it takes your breath away.
An odd chill ran up her spine as she watched the gantry platform
clang to the ground and unload an electronics engineer.
Then she was riding the platform as it rose and climbing through the entrance lock of the ship.
Don't look for me.
I'll get ahead.
Remember darling.
Don't smoke in bed.
The rumble of the stars.
The rumble of the stars.
The rumble of the stars.
The rumble of the engines is heard once more.
Other worlds are waiting, and we must leave.
The rocket ship is one of the greatest scientific devices ever conceived by man.
The thunder of its great boosters will be heard throughout the heavens,
across the universe,
and someday even beyond.
The voice of the rocket is the voice of science,
the voice of hope,
and the voice of our nation.
Your voyage to the moon will be recorded forever in the hearts of mankind.
It is a feat equally important to us.
To the greatest.
Though the greater deeds are yet to come.
This, our first journey to the moon,
is only the beginning
of the beginning
of the beginning.
Shout hallelujah, come on get happy.
Don't try to chase all your cares away.
Shout hallelujah, come on get happy.
Get ready,
get ready.
Get ready for the Judgment Day
Oh, praise Bob, Seekers!
We've survived!
We've survived tonight's little taste of the hellfire to come
Oh, yes, Bob is the man
And thanks to him, we've got soap in our holes
For a brighter subgenius future
Oh, and thanks are due also to the stars of tonight's fractured show
People who either didn't know any better
Or who knew all too well
Oh, Bob, Seekers!
Crazy Christians like Jerry Falwell and Hal Lindsey
And Jack Van Impey and Bill McKee
And Pastor Arnold Murray and the Joyful Heirs
And the Carter family and Bobby Jean White
And the Cleveland Youth Chorale
Oh, we also heard from sublime visionaries
Such as Oingo Boingo, The Simpsons, D.D. Ranged
Bob and Doug McKenzie, Rod Keith
Tom Larry, and the D.D. Ranged
Bob and Doug McKenzie, Rod K.
I love you, Bob and Doug McKenzie





The Stranglers, Edward R. Murrow
And a little dollop of Matthias from The Omega Man
Oh, man, he cranked my tractor way back then
There's nothing like a mutated man
Oh, and we also heard out-and-out lunatics
Like General Curtis E. LeMay
And that lisping guy with a journey to infinity
With a spacecraft takeoff
And then the animatronics
Annoying aliens.
Giving that seminar at the extraterrestrial Earth mission of Sedona, Arizona.
I mean, I did not blow my nose with a microphone open.
That was on the original tape.
Oh, man, what a trip with suitcases those losers are.
Oh, just be very glad I didn't play you their half-hour symphonies that go like...
For half an hour.
Oh, yeah, it gets me in tune with the spheres.
Oh, and the parts of the luscious sex goddesses were played by Julie London and Laurie Anderson and Judy Garland and Polly Bergen.
Oh, and I used some bits from a dramatic reading of the little girl's book, A Countdown for Cindy,
that I...
Had on hand.
Oh, I love that book.
I could just eat off its engines.
Oh, and yes, I would like to add a heaping helping of special thanks tonight.
And it goes out to sweet brother James, who gave the Flues-O-Rama show here the first professional sound mixing it's ever had on that opening sequence of tonight's show.
And being a man of less than one voice myself, I could not have pulled it off, especially the JonBenet Ramsey part, without his expert knob diddling.
So thanks to the tip of the old bimbo's bustier to brother James.
Oh, and if the rest of the show sounded like crap, you know, that's because it was floozy engineered with a new boom box, so...
If you didn't like it.
So get used to it, Bubba.
Because there's gonna be a lot to dislike about the coming months.
And I plan to provide you all with the perfect background pain textures to complement your end-of-the-world color scheme.
So sleep tight, seekers.
And if I were you, I'd start packing first thing in the morning.
Let's buy the next shift a little time with a lovely hymn by G. Don Truby called...
Hymn 999.
Good night, seekers.
The end times are near, but there's nothing to fear.
If you just send us a dollar.
Get ready, get set.
Prepare for the launch of the bleeding head of a bomber.
Remember the motto, perform the salute.
Slack off.
And study the pamphlets.
And if you should falter, then look to the sky.
Cause Bob's always somewhere nearby.
There's a pipe in the sky.
And I'll follow him anywhere.
Through the sun, they glow.
Amen.
Through a hurricane tide.
There's a pipe in the sky.
There's a pipe in the sky.
And I'll follow him anywhere.
And I'll follow him anywhere.
Through the floor of the ocean.
Through the mountains so high.
Through the mountains so high.
Through the mountains so high.
But never sick.
He's never been ill.
Except for the time in the Andes.
And then there's the time on a mellow sea.
When he ate the fun-spir-o-can.
But for the most part, he won't let you down.
When he eats the fun-spir-o-can.
Yet find yourself pressed for time.
Just soften Bob and your mind will unlock.
Cause in another piece of the rock.
There they're a pipe in the sky.
There's a pipe in the sky.
And I'll follow him with anywhere.
And I'll follow him anywhere.
Through the Sun may call upon you.
Thank you.
There's a pipe in the sky.
There's a pipe in the sky.
And I'll follow it anywhere.
Stand up and be counted.
Go with the Ku Klux Klan.
Stand up and be counted.
Show the world that you're a man.
Stand up and be counted.
Go with the Ku Klux Klan.
Let's all join up, buddies.
Boys and girls, if we can get any girls.
Oh, man.
I'm glad that I've got my white underwear on today.
You know, if it isn't bad enough.
I would never wear colored underwear.
You know, if it isn't bad enough that we're just playing little traces of this incredibly racist and ignorant, bigoted, redneck recording.
But somebody actually called us to ask us where he could acquire a copy.
We know who you are.
Southern by birth, retarded by the grace of God.
We know about the drugs.
Yes, we know.
It's okay with us, Bob.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Bob, he doesn't care.
Bob, you couldn't carry one lick.
I'm proud to be a genetic throwback.
I'm proud to be retarded.
Oh, everybody around me claims they're so smart.
But look how they live.
Why, there's people of all races around them.
And, well, you know how scary that can be.
Oh, man.
I don't know about you, Reverend Strange.
You're starting to look kind.
Different.
How so?
I don't know.
You've got brown hair, and I've got very little blonde hair.
Very little.
I think that maybe I should come up with some kind of a funny nickname to call you that
me and my other blonde friends can sit around and laugh at you for.
How about...
Hey, Lunchbox.
Hey, Lunchbox.
Real brownie girl dolls.
I would never hang out with one of them Lunchbox people.
Oh, man.
I would never hang out with one of them Lunchbox people.



I'd rather have them with their rubber sex dolls and...
Would you like to buy some Girl Scout cookies from a silicone love Girl Scout?
I don't trust you.
You've got glasses on.
How'd you get nearsighted?
I know myself.
Father...
I must ask a question.
Please.
What am I?
But, good father, yet we are not like you.
What are we?
Father!
You are my children.
You are all my children.
One of the things that...
Tell me why you make the pain.
If we are your children.
Ah, you see, you are my children, but law is necessary.
If there is no more pain, then is there no more law?
There is always law.
Pain, no more.
Oh, God.
What do you do?
To walk on all fours.
That is the law.
To slurp up our drink.
That is the law.
We are not men.
To eat flesh and fish anytime.
That is the law.
Now I...
Now I...
I am the law.
I am the law.
Yeah.
Look in the mirror, Whitey.
You aren't too far from that tree yourself now, are you?
Oh, yeah.
Look at that.
Eleven toes.
Yeah, that's right, Whitey.
That's right, Whitey.
We know you're out there.
Yeah, and we're coming to get you.
You and your glow-in-the-dark Hebrew savior.
You bastards.
You bastards.
You bastards.
You screwed our planet up, and now we're gonna burr you underneath that.
None shall escape.
That is the law.
No!
No!
Is there still law?
There is still law.
Yes.
But how can there be love without the Father?
He hasn't left us.
That is what I will tell the others.
But the Spirit is watching over us.
We must wait for a sign.
Ow!
Ow!
I used to hang around there and ask for corners around the corner.
A new title, too?
Yeah.
I think what you should do in the final days is you should change everybody's title every
day, Stan.
Well, what it comes down to is if you have to ask me for a title, if you have to ask anybody
for a title, then you haven't learned anything.
You have all of Bob's lessons have been wasted.
Oh, God.
If you have to ask someone else for slack, then you are lost.
You are completely lost.
There's no point in any of this for you.
We gotta.
We gotta.
You are a spiritual leader, man.
You make the slack yourself.
You are a spiritual leader.
You have become the Pope.
You name yourself the Pope.
You are hearing right now.
Or the, uh, or in whatever case, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, whatever, uh, sort of religious,
uh, a superstitious nonsense, uh, title you want to give yourself.
And listen, I'll just say this.
Go ahead and do it, man.
I'll, I'll, I'll give, I'll give, uh, David back his title.
We should, uh, you know, I think David can have his title back as soon as he returns
my call.
I want a title that says, uh, I'm a Christian.




I, uh, David Meyer, don't give a fuck.
Who's gonna give me the title that has the
Let David Meyer be the Pope of all New York.
You can yourself be Popey, the emperor of all New York.
I am now, I am now, I am now, I am now the grand Googleplex.
There you go.
Yeah.
I am the
And you gotta be the grand Googleplex.
From now on, I am the grand Googleplex.
I've sunk pretty much I'm just trying to get his attention.
All hail the grand Googleplex, man.
Thank you.
All hail the grand Googleplex.
Thank you.
All hail the grand Googleplex.

All hail the grand Googleplex.
Oh, hi there.
Welcome to the grand Googleplex.


Oh, hey, Louis.
Oh, hey, Louis.
Oh, hey, Louis.
Oh, baby, nice.
Oh, baby.
Come on, children.
These primitive people don't believe in silly superstitions such as so-called Bob Dobbs seen here on this totem pole carving.
Totem pole?
They would give each other titles.
It might be a tale from the totem pole.
Is that like the stone or half pipe?
The different titles that Bob would be given?
And they're like in layers, aren't they?
They would say things like the next day and the day after that.
Meanwhile, across town.
There'd be different Sonic and Fonz.
Yeah, what about titles like that, Stang?
Yeah, what about titles like that, Stang?
I want to be now the Impossible Dream.
That's my new Googleplex title.
Oh, you just had one.
Impossible Dream has said to forgotten yesterday's lingerie, Bleepo.
Bleepo.
Hey, have you heard from Cracked Sidewalk Dave lately?
I can't find him anywhere.
We should give him a new title.
I think.
I think.
The Frozen Cat Dave.
The Monstrous Spunk Doodle Dave.
Oh, that's a good one.
The Monstrous Spunk Doodle.
The Abstruse Monk Stunnel.
No, how about Mean Old Mr. Tooth Decade?
That's good.
Because I've had a hard time with the days for the last 10 years.
Mean Old Mr. Tooth Decade?
Yeah, it's 10 years ago.
I like that one.
That's a good one.
He came out tonight, too.
He was invading Pastor Craig's fuzz.
He was deep into it.
He has cerebral cortex, too, and couldn't get out.
But you've got it also, don't you?
When was the last time you licked Pastor Craig's scalp, boys and girls?
Oh.
That's better than those weird psychotoxic frogs from Lean.
What about Wipe Me All Over Your Chest Dave?
Wipe Mean Stuff All Over Your Chest?
No, just Wipe Me All Over Your Chest Dave.
I like that even better than the other Monstrous Strudel or Kugel Dave, whatever the hell it was.
I don't even care.
But that sounds better to me.
What are you people talking about?
This sounds like crazy talk.
It is crazy talk.
Because we don't need titles.
We don't need names.
We just need, um, what are you talking about?
We don't need no stinking universe.
Gotcha.
We don't need no stinking universe.
We don't need no stinking universe.
We don't need no stinking concepts, man.
We don't need no stinking Life Theory.
We don't need no stinking Dobbs approved.
We don't need no stinking radio airwaves.
We don't need no stinking stink.
We don't need no, we don't need a stinking repetitive pattern.
Edmund, give us your philosophy, man.
Welcome to the machine.
You don't need to speak audioactive.
I don't have any philosophy.
Actually, audioactive is not working very well tonight.
Everybody be quiet. Just one second. Everybody just be quiet.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
I just want to make people who were listening maybe think that there was something wrong.
There was something wrong. There was something terribly wrong for that moment.
And you just highlighted it by making it silent.
We could have made it go away so easy, but you had to bring it out.
Okay.
Yeah, I was just getting everybody to get their compressors to go all the way down to zero mark before we hit it again, you know.
Yes, but you live such a threatened existence here.
The people are monitoring you all the time.
And you can hardly walk because you can hardly go to the laundromat without the people taking your names down.
Oh, look at that.
I want to be sedated.
So just put me in a wheelchair.
Get me on a plane.
Hurry, hurry, hurry before I go insane.
I can't control my fingers.
I can't control my brain.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
It's 20, 20, 24 hours to go.
I want to be sedated.
Nothing to do.
No way.
To go home.
I want to be sedated.
So just put me in a wheelchair.
Get me to the show.
Hurry, hurry, hurry before I go low-co.
I can't control my fingers.
I can't control my toes.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Bam, bam, bam, bam.
Bam, bam, bam, bam.
I want to be sedated.
Bam, bam, bam, bam.
Bam, bam, bam, bam.
I want to be sedated.
Bam, bam, bam, bam.
Bam, bam, bam, bam.
Bam, bam, bam.
I want to be sedated.
Bam, bam, bam, bam.
Bam, bam, bam, bam.
Bam, bam, bam, bam.
I want to be sedated.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
So sad.
So fresh.
This show is good on you all.
That was one of the saddest things I've ever heard.
I live on.
I didn't even hear it, but it's still one of the saddest.
This whole show is one of the saddest things I've ever heard.
This is the happiest moment of your life, Jader Heidern.
And now, Jader Heidern pleads, I pronounce you and the show married.
You may kiss.
We are scattered here in the sight of Bob.
Turn to page 237 in your hymnal.
And before all, to sanctify this grimoire.
In a urinal.
With a urinal toward destruction.
You're in a lot of trouble now.
Let us jump over the quiver of compromise and fall upon the jagged rocks of reality.
And Aunt Bertha will now give Jader away.
Come forward, Jader.
I don't want to be given away.
It's time for you to marry me.
She's going to carry you.
You've got to do it.
She'll carry you.
Yes, we shall apply to our vows.
And the purity of Aunt Bertha shall overcome the evil and sin of poor Jader.
Timmy, let's blow this hot dog stand.
Go get some crack.
No, I wouldn't miss this for anything.
Aunt Bertha's going to marry that guy.
And then, you know what?
We're going to put him in bed.
And how can I marry a fictitious character?
Stop talking and give me the ring.
Ah, with this ring, I'm me-wed.
It won't go on my finger.
I'll have to give it another push.
Well, how can I have sex with a fantasy woman?
Of course, I do it every night.
She looks stupid.
Just do what comes naturally.
And now, they're going to throw rice at us.
In 60 pounds.
Come back.
Put these pebbles in with the rice, Jader.
Put these little rocks in with the...
Oh, look.
Hi-yi-yi.
I'm throwing...
Hi-yi-yi for the field artillery.
It's a full tilt.
Uh-oh.
Okay.
Crazy out.
See you later.
Boys and girls, there is a conspiracy in this land of ours to ram Jader down the throat
May your show be twice as demented as it was previously.
Right to Aunt Bertha.
I'm sure it will be.
Dial a story.
Oh, box one.
Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Goodbye now.
Goodbye.
All right, brothers and sisters.
Now, it is my very great pleasure to introduce a man, a man whose name is synonymous with
slack, J.R. Bob Dobbs' closest confidant, and a close personal friend of Slack.
Several acquaintances of mine, Reverend Ivan Stant magnetic
Come on, Reverend Stan.
Mm-hmm.
aika
How you doing, gang?
How are you?
Good.

Good.
Happy last year.
Your friends, there'll be so many healings tonight
that by X day we'll have a bonfire made of crutches.
We'll be able to sip and cripple the motherfuckers ourselves.
Friends, there are so many funny preachers lined up tonight.
There's so much funny, ha-ha, cute sub-genius jokes and stuff lined up
that I've got a couple of 15-minute spaces I'm supposed to speak in,
so I'm going to actually get serious.
I've got a lot of ground to cover in that 15 minutes.
No offense, but friends, there's only one...
I'm not sure exactly the count,
but I believe there's only 115 days left until X day.
Something like that.
There's 113, okay.
Now, um...
Oh, shit.
Now, to be quite serious,
I had always, as usual,
I had my little prepared speech and so forth for this thing.
But you know what, friends?
I am sick and tired of preaching to the unsaved
and trying at the last minute to explain Bob's lack of conspiracy in X day.
Fuck the unsaved!
I'm talking to the...
This is playing sub-geniuses tonight.
I'm depressed nothing's going to hell for you.
But you sub-geniuses,
I know that quite a few of you are depressed.
You are angry and you're very frustrated
and some of you are at the very near, right near, for good reason,
you are at the near the end of your rope.
I know how it is.
And, uh...
Like I say, it's probably for real good reason.
But, once again,
it's only 113 days left.
That means you really only have one job.
As far as the conspiracy goes,
we don't have enough time left to defeat it ourselves, most likely.
We can let the exes do that for us at this point, I think.
But there's one real fucking important job
that you angry, frustrated, depressed sub-geniuses have.
And that is this.
Stay alive until next day.
That's all you have to do.
That's your only job.
Stay alive.
Stay alive.
Stay alive.
One thing that requires is
not only do you have to not kill yourselves,
as much as I hate to say it,
try not to go postal.
Prematurely.
Prematurely.
As much as it might actually help
the Church of the Sub-Genius for one of you to stop,
take a rifle,
and kill every people you see,
as much as that might save our asses,
financially,
I...
You know,
it would be wrong.
It would just be...
As much as that would help the Church of the Sub-Genius
for somebody,
for a whole bunch of you to kill yourselves,
like Heaven's Gate idiots,
while wearing Bob shirts,
don't do that yet.
Because there's one thing,
you know, a lot of people...
Would you guys pull the music down just a little bit?
I'm having trouble.
If...
If there's...
You know, I have an awful lot of people coming up to me going,
I can't wait to see your face at 7.06 a.m. on X-Day,
where we sing.
Well, what are you gonna do
if the X's don't come here with all this skill?
You know, stupid bullshit.
I'll tell you one thing, friends.
Maybe some of those people missed
the very first thing Bob said
at the top of the very first Sub-Genius pamphlet number one.
Aside from one dollar.
It says, if I...
If you don't mind me quoting,
the world ends...
Tomorrow!
Tomorrow!
Tomorrow!
And you may die.
The world ends tomorrow.
Tomorrow!
And you may die!
How many of you are living your lives
as if the world ends tomorrow and you may die?
How many of you are doing whatever the fuck you want to do
to see that you might die tomorrow?
And guess what?
You very well might die tomorrow.
A car wreck...
You could die in a car wreck.
Space junk could fall from outer space.
Some idiot could just decide to shoot you.
You can trip and fall down the stairs and break your neck.
Are you living your life?
Or are you living your life in a world where I'm dead?


As if it might end tomorrow, are you living it as if you had all the time in the world?
Well, if you're not doing both, you are wasting your fucking time.
If you are not getting slack, you are wasting your time.
Now, of course, and then you go, oh, slack, isn't that a Miller beer commercial?
Slack, isn't that where your team is winning the game and there's a bunch of cute TV-looking MTV girls dancing around?
You're good-looking and rich. Isn't that slack?
Or, oh no, isn't slack like what Beavis and Bunhead do?
Just sit around and watch TV all day.
And drink beer and smoke dope.
Could that be slack, too?
Hello!
For friends, slack is not...
necessarily...
laziness!
Sorry to break it to you.
For some of you, I mean, you know, that's the difference between us and the conspiracy.
The conspiracy will tell you what slack is!
And it is that Miller beer commercial.
Or it is your next paycheck, or whatever.
For some of us, friends, slack is activity.
Doing what we want to do.
Not work for the conspiracy, but work for us!
When some of us find true slack
by working ourselves up into such a
fit of activity, pure concentration,
and lack of sleep,
such an incredible level of awareness,
that for just a second, your eyes snap open,
and you realize that life is wonderful,
the world is beautiful,
and everything is just as psychedelic as that old t-shirt that you can't fit into anymore.
Now!
Hold.
That.
Thought!
Hard to do!
And I'll tell you what makes it hard to do.
It's the conspiracy!
And, uh, you know,
when we talk about the conspiracy,
half the time people are going,
oh yeah, I know what conspiracy they're talking about,
because I read that one conspiracy book.
The conspiracy that killed John Kennedy and him flying saucers under the desert,
and, uh, and crashed in Roswell,
and made the X-Files, and, uh,
and, uh, yeah, that conspiracy is a big one.

It's a big conspiracy.
Oh no, no, they go,
oh no, it's a conspiracy that makes a certain haircut cool this month.
Or no, it's the conspiracy of this or that.
First, there's only one conspiracy that causes all the other ones,
and that's the conspiracy that's too fucking stupid to even know it's a conspiracy.
The conspiracy of the normals!
The ordinary garden-variety human beings
who do not even know that everything they do takes away the slack of the underworld.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But they don't know because they're too busy imitating TV.
Now, we can fight lots of other creatures who build up the hate
against specific conspiracy figures,
your boss, or the, you know, the rude clerks in the stores,
the cops, and so forth.
But you know,
there's one part of the conspiracy that really chaps my ass.
To quote the great Jane O'Haggard, please, it kind of makes me pee.
And then?
Friends,
87% of the people in this, just in this country,
believe that there is an invisible monster living in the sky
that will, if they piss its ass enough,
or pay it enough lip service, it will do them favors,
smite their enemies, bring them good luck, and so forth.
87% of the people believe in this invisible monster.
And because of that,
we have to deal with it.
That doesn't mean there is an invisible monster,
but they think there is, and we have to deal with it.
And that's why, friends, as of this year,
we, herewith, the Church of the Subgenius,
declare war on God!
.
You know, we've got a call.
That's kind of a fight call for us.
That takes a lot of nerve to declare war on God.
But you know, I'm really tired of hearing about this God
that is such a pussy, this God that is so weak
that it has to have stupid redneck little old ladies
defend it against idiots like me.
What the hell kind of a God is that?
Well, friends, this religion, in most ways,
this religion is just like every other religion.
It's just built upon hate of everyone different from us.
The only difference is at least we're upfront about it.
We're honest about it.
And they hate us for all kinds of stupid reasons.
We only have one reason for hating them,
because we've got Bob and they don't!
.
.
Oh, the hate feels good.
.
Actually, it can be kind of creepy, you know,
to stand up here and have a whole crowd of people
chanting like a bunch of Nazis,
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Creepy!
Hey! Hey!
Use your brain, used that brain!
AndAKII, he's here, hot to kill!
We're going to have a fight,





½

so we in Marian in this country should use that brain
andock each other to king
Subgenius magic.
Let's not go into the four steps of subgenius magic, dear friends.
Let's just give credits.
That was Negative Land in the background, providing the amazing sound effects and horror music and so forth.
I think some of that was from Seventh Voyage of Sinbad, Bernard Herrmann's classic.
Classic.
Beautiful.
And friends, yes, thank and praise Negative Land.
And praise Crawford Smith, who organized the Portland devivals.
And praise Emot Zeppel for this music in the background, Cosmic Voyeur.
Praise Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Because you are my number one guy.
As a liver fluke, pal.
I want it now.
The end is now.
The end is now.
I want it all and I want it now.
Break on through to the other side.
Break on through to the other side.
Are we not ten?
We are ten.
We are ten.
Are we not men?
We are Devo.
We are Devo.
We are Devo.
D-E-V-O.
We are Devo.
I am a Devo.
