Say what?
Hello?
Hello, Grandfather?
Yes, who is this?
It's Dorothy.
Good Lord.
Yes.
Yes.
Joe.
What?
Joseph.
What?
Joe.
Go, Joe.
Why?
Why?
Why?
You lousy rat, huh?
Go!
Go!
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, Joe.
It's just the self-genius.
Power of slack.
Like I say, we're the funny weirdos.
Like I say, we're the funny weirdos.
Like I say, we're the funny weirdos.
Like I say, we're the funny weirdos.
Like I say, we're the funny weirdos.
Like I say, we're the funny weirdos.
Like I say, we're the...
Like I say.
Like I say.
We're the Funny Weirdos
Oh Wally don't you look sweet
Sweet. Doesn't he bore you?
Yeah, reminds me of the time my brother and I had our prize hog in the 4-H club show.
Uh-huh.
Well, uh, oh, it's, uh...
What do you think, Beeb?
Yeah, sure, Dad. Sure, Dad. Yes, Dad.
Okay, Dad.
Oh.
Do you think Wally's old enough to have prize hogs?
Well, dear, a boy's life can't be all one-sided.
He can find his own girlfriends like I used to.
Well, when Mrs. Hanson called, she said there was a dance at the country club in two weeks.
What for?
Mrs. Hanson said it was for prize hogs.
I'd hardly approve of his going steady with one prize hog.
And I certainly don't approve of his going steady with her mother.
What do you think, Beeb?
She'll be coming when she comes.
She'll be coming.
Oh, yes, Dad.
Okay, Dad. Sure, Dad.
Well, Wally, uh, your mother tells me you may need a white prize hog for a dance soon.
Yeah, well, I, uh, I think I might try that.
Okay.
You know, Wally, when I was a kid, I used to dance.
When I was in college, there was a prize hog who, uh, well, who rather took a fancy to me.
Gee, Dad.
Uh, anyway, I wouldn't let this thing get out.
Yeah.
Oh!
Frog went to court and he did right.
Campbell.
Frog went to court and he did right.
Campbell.
Frog went to court and...
Oh!
Oh!
Frog went to court and he did right.
Gotta have another whisker and then I'm next.
You...
Kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Kitty.
Oh, there you are.
Come back here, you unrecruiter.
I don't aim to let one...
Cat whisker standing between me and Raymond.
Oh, God.

Send out here, Captain.
Let's have a mic for a clock.
Stand still.
Ain't gonna hurt much if I yank it out.
Come on out here, nephew.
Here's what I play for my encore.
Encore.
Encore.
Encore.
Encore.
Encore.
Encore.
Encore.






Encore.
Encore.
Encore.
Encore.
Uh...
Encore.
Encore.
Encore.
Encore.
Oh, I give you an ear spanking!
E progressed.
How'd he get that?
Hurrah!
Here comes the incredible!
So gross.
Don't

Or nature.






Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...
Uh...


Don't you want to please, Soupman?
Friends, this is going to be a pretty sexy show this time.
The above bits were by Leemur and The Large,
and the song was from a Tom and Jerry cartoon.
But sexiest of all, we return to the Baltimore revival of 2008
and Priestess Pisces' killer, and I do mean killer, sermon to the bobbies.
Sinners! Sinners!
You're all filthy, nasty sinners and degenerates,
perverts, you're freaks and queers and deviants,
every last one of you.
Damn right, good for you.
And I have a throat on my belly.
Friends, Bob is not going, our friend Bob here,
he's not going to wash away your sins.
Bob is going to watch you do your sins
and videotape them and sell them on the internet,
but that's another story.
And speaking of other stories,
I am damn tired of some of you so-called subgenitalists,
and I am tired of that.


you're going to live with your namby-pamby whining
about how you feel wronged by this person or that person,
and getting all fuckin' butt hurt over the mean old man on the internet.
Shut up already.
I didn't do it.
You're a damn overman, you're a damn uberfem.
You are Yeti, you are different and you are better.
Well, except that one over there.
Hey.
Yeah.
Look here Bobby, I'm talking to you, you dear, stupid, sweet little Bobby.
It seems that when I was in Baltimore last time you really just weren't paying a look
of attention.
You missed all the points of that lesson.
In fact, you missed the points so much that the points sent a search party out for your
ass.
So I'm here to beat you over the head with a clue by four.
Because there is a reason, young Bobby, that we all make fun of you.
There is a reason we troll you on the internet.
There is a reason we torment you.
There's a reason we gang banged your mom.
Um, wait, well, the reason we gang banged your mom was because she was a crack whore,
but that's another story.
But seriously, the reason we treat you the way we do.
Oh, wait, no, I, okay, I see what you're thinking.
You're thinking, oh, Pisces, I know why you guys jib me like that.
You're just playing around.
You guys really like me and this is just your funny subgenius work.
This is just a way of showing it.
Bullshit!
We don't like you.
Hell, we hate you.
You're a weak, whiny Bobby tripping all over yourself to be uber fanboy.
You're annoying as hell and you're creeping out the chicks, man.
Fucking A!
Oh, jeez, for Christ's sakes, I see you back there and you're starting to tear up.
Get the tears out of your eyes, you damn pussy.
You had to have known in your naive heart of gold.


That we wouldn't just hand over the keys to Dobstown to you, Mr. Bobby, collately.
You are no one.
You are a gnat.
You are a fly.
No, you're a roach.
You're a diseased, ridden, filthy, repulsive, disgusting roach.
Do you know what disease you're carrying there, Bobby?
Do you know what plague you bear that makes us all avoid you?
You are in fact a rat.
You are infected with anti-slack.
Yes, yes, Bobby, you have the highly contagious disease of anti-slack.
But, Bobby, once I was like you and I too have the anti-slack sickness.
Even I've been staying once had the anti-slack sickness.
But I got the cure.
I got the cure.


You see, Dobbs gave me the shot when I shot Dobbs.
Yeah, I killed him.
What of it?
Bastard keeps coming back anyway, again and again.
You shoot him in the chest and then he comes back.
You cut his head off and he comes back.
You burn him and he comes back.
I tried storing him in acid for several months, but then he still came back.
But, but every time I kill him, I get another dose of the anti-slack.
It sort of compounds and I get further and further away from anti-slack.
I know what you're thinking now, Bobby.
You're thinking, well damn Pisces, I just need to find Bob and kill him.
And then I won't have this anti-slack disease and then you'll all just like me again.
Do you really think it's that simple?
No.
Do you think that J.R. Bob Dobbs is just going to walk up to you on the street and say,
well hi there, Bobby.
I hear that you have the anti-slack and I figured I'd come and visit you and let you kill me right now.
Of course he won't.
If anything, J.R. Bob Dobbs is just going to pull a prank on your ass like the old doctors did earlier.
Wait.
Alright, well you might want to check your car before you leave.
Anyway, the point is, Dobbs ain't even going to get close to you, kid.
I'm sorry.
He can smell a green little Bobby like you's 50 kilometers off.
But if you want that cure, if you want to get rid of that anti-slack, you're going to have to kill him.
You just have to.
But how are you, this Bobby, going to get close enough to kill him?
How are you going to be able to get close enough to J.R. Bob Dobbs to murder him?
Well start off by not trying to get so damn close to him.
Start off by not trying to get so damn close to him.
Stop being such a damn sycophant.
Find something to do besides following the overmen and the uberfem around like some pathetic and lost over-eager little puppy dog waiting for us to drop you a scrap of our hamburger.
Get your own damn hamburger and eat the hell out of it.
Look, just do something, man.
You know?
Just be yourself and be an individual.
And stop trying to copy me and Susie and Stang and Legume.
And just do your own thing.
And sure, we're going to tell you you suck.
Because that's what we do.
But if you keep up to it and you get good and stop sucking, then we'll respect you.
You see, don't waste time worrying about who's going to screw you over in the church and who's out to get you and make you look bad.
What you need to do is learn to screw yourself.
Let your id be your ID.
Let go of the ligatures on your ego.
Because self-love is true love.
And when you are screwing yourself, the conspiracy cannot get a dick in edgewise.
But Bob will try.
Sure he will.
You see?
He'll see you screwing yourself and he wants some of that action.
Because that's how Bob is.
And when Dobbs tries to stick his dick in there when he thinks you're not looking, well then you can just chop it right the fuck off.
Oh, don't worry.
It grows back.
It really does.
You can also shove a stake through his heart and shoot him with silver bullets and cut off his head and burn him, drown him, feed him to tigers.
He'll be back like I said he always is.
So go ahead and kill him.
And when you're done killing him, you're going to kill him.
And you'll be looking down at Bob's lifeless corpse and you'll notice something strange.
There's a pipe still clutched in his jaw.
And it's still lit.
And it's still burning and smoking.
And it's as if this dead man is still smoking this pipe.
And you will contemplate that oh so briefly.
And you will blink.
And J.R.R. Bob Dobbs will jump up and stick his dick in your ass.
And we'll see.
And with that injection of Dobbs' throbbing member into your delicate rosebud, you are protected and yet cured of the disease of anti-slack.
As you see with Bob Dobbs' patented meat injection, you have your cure and protection.
You're cured with the first thrust of Bob's hips.
Though he tends to not just do one thrust as you can imagine.
And it does tend to go on for several hours.
And he doesn't really believe in lube.
Anyway.
But you will take that thrust and you will like it.
And you'll take the next and the next.
Because every subsequent thrust from Bob's huge throbbing member in your asshole provides protection from anti-slack.
So you better take it.
You better take it and you like it.
Tinkly pants!
Because you have to like it.
Because that's all that is there to save you from this anti-slack epidemic.
The slack injection of Bob's member into your asshole is the only protection, don't you see?
So repeat after me.
That slack injection is your protection.
Everyone.
That slack injection is your protection.
One more time because I know some of you are drunk.
That slack injection is your protection.
Thank you ladies and gentlemen and I'm sorry dear Bobby.
No you cannot fuck me.
I have a boyfriend.
But I do appreciate the flattery.
Is he...
Is he dead?
Yes.
Look at his face now David.
Yes.
Maybe we ought not go through with this.
He can't turn back now.
Shall we begin?
I don't know.
Switch it on.
Now Tim, take a look at him.
Place the contact microphone on his chest David.
Yes Jason.
You're listening to the sound of his heart David.
The beating heart of a dead man.
Yes, he's dead I'd say for at least two hours.
Very close David.
A few minutes longer that's all.
What do you intend doing?
We'll see.
You know of course that all life has a connection with electricity.
Of course.
Now to turn on the machine.
Now look at him David.
Yes, he's dead I'd say for at least two hours.
Very close David.
A few minutes longer that's all.
What do you intend doing?
We'll see.
Yes, I intend to kill him.















I think so.
I'm not too sure about that.
No, I suppose not.
All characters and events portrayed in these programs are purely coincidental.
Hey.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah.
No?
How?
Hey you know B, I bet you could get some of that trick stuff they got like that plastic ice cube.
That's what you put in the rubber cheese to put in the candy with soap in the middle to mix in with rubber snakes with the bug in it.
Golly.
Did it work?
Oh he did it.
My mother crying and trembling leaped out of the window.
Well sure, why not?
Well Hank, this is goodbye.
P W D G A apostrophe S.
The subgenius.
Power of.
Fudges.
Our object my dear Watson is to dispose of the lay that in fright finds it wants some wits.
Well then you dear don't have a water in the big old dream.
The dream that once is me rose through the ear Watson.
Very well, terrific.
Mr. Dettol sent me first.
Oh, that's it Watson.
How so?
My dear Watson, those listed jeopardy were the what were whose balance person them.
In short, a field Ainsworth family bought.
Or worse.
Well then, why not let me take over?
No Watson, not intruding.
That loose chairs with who can quitter.
By Jove, of course.
Yes.
Yes.
I was disobeyed.
I was disobeyed.
I was disobeyed.
I was disobeyed.
I was disobeyed.

I was disobeyed.
Oh, I don't understand.
Exactly.
Who does understand.
Thanks to Lemur for that.
And back now to the Baltimore 2008 Devival at Load of Fun, and a sobering if not fully
sober rant by the great Reverend Carter LeBlanc.
Greetings.
Hey.
I am the Magister of the Dark.
Welcome home.
I have this thing that may or may not be readable.
It says, this note is legal tender.







for all debts, public and private.
It says pubic.
Oh, pubic debts.
I put that in the wrong part of my pants, though.
So, this is sort of a fun thing for me.
I'm not doing it for my health, you know.
I'm doing it for my entertainment.
Entertainment.
I've got this little...
This isn't even English.
Well, look, I just have to talk about some really short, brief, concise things.
With regards to the Church of the Self-Genius,
I'm going to say you have a phenomenal rant.
Some of you may have been here before.
Some of you may have gotten here after that.
The timbre of the evening has changed as the evening has unfolded.
But I just have a few words.
Brief words.
The...
You ever use one of those sticky traps when you have a mouse problem?
We don't really use them in Baltimore because all that does is slow the mice down
for long enough for the rats to get to them.
And it's just not pretty from there.
But if you think of the sticky trap, and you think about what it's like,
and I don't mean this in an animal rights sense,
but I want you to picture what happens.
What happens?
When you get that sticky trap, when you get that first...
No.
Something's wrong, and you can't free it, and you put your other hand on it,
and next thing you know, you're sprawled out, you can't move an inch,
you're restricted to a two-dimensional plane.
I mean, I don't know if you ever read the flatland.
You know?
This whole concept of two-dimensional reality.
When you hit the sticky trap, all of a sudden, your range of motion is restricted.
You have become a two-dimensional object.
Now, you can be protruded out into three-dimensional space.
But the fact of the matter is what has happened is you've become a two-dimensional object.
You are a fist to this plane.
Now, I want you to extend that a little farther.
You know, imagine if you were a three-dimensional sticky trap.
Okay?
Imagine you've managed to get yourself entangled into some sort of three-dimensional equivalent
of the two-dimensional sticky trap.
You find yourself restricted in your range of movement to a point where you are entirely immobile.
Your perspective is limited.
You can't turn your head to look in any other direction.
You can't...
And maybe, you know, because what happens at the end of it, when you pick up the sticky trap with the mouse on it,
you take it over and you...
Well, I...
You drop it in a bucket of water.
You know?
And so, essentially, what that mouse gets is from the minute he hits that sticky trap,
he's completely under control of whoever controls the sticky trap.
Think of the sticky trap.
You're basically...
It's a linear narration.
You've seen the final days of his life.
Now, if you then extrapolate what I've described as a three-dimensional sticky trap,
and think about that.
This is not actually a three-dimensional sticky trap because we, like that mouse stuck on that sticky trap,
being carried through the bucket of water.
We are being carried through space in a moving fashion.
We've incorporated a fourth dimension into this sticky trap that we are still enmeshed in.
And we're moving.
You know, there's a four-dimensional experience.
There's the passage of time.
There's movement through space.
But our movement is still restricted.
Because that's how we move through the four-dimensional continuum.
That's how we move through space.
But this is the thing.
Our destination in space is not yet written.
There are things that come from other places that influence us.
Ideas, direct and indirect concepts, books, music, things like that.
But there are other stranger forces at work.
And this is where the revelation that I'm bringing to you tonight comes in.
We are under attack.
We are under attack from the descendants of us in the future.
They are waging war on us.
Nay, they are not waging war on us.
They are waging war with us.
Because we are not.
But those of you who have studied any pop quantum physics.
And you know about the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle and the waveform collapse.
And the indeterminacy concept of a hydrogen atom and the proton as it spins.
Or as it hazes in some indeterminate nebulous quantum cloud.
What happens is.
is that there is no determined future.
But in some of the futures that stem from this point,
there is time travel.
The problem is, is the people in the future that get the time travel,
they've got to make sure that it's their future that happens.
And there's not just one time traveling self from the future at work,
but there are multiple, multiple, multiple, infinite, in fact, infinite,
opportunities in the future.
And they are struggling to make their own presence our future.
And this, this is where the church of the subgenius comes in.
Because there's not just one person carrying that sticky trap,
that four-dimensional sticky trap of doom forward.
There are a million, no, a million times a million times a million,
there are alopnars.
There are a million, no, if you're familiar with the term.
There are an unquantifiable quantity of future entities struggling to bring us
towards their own concepts of what our doom will look like.
And we at the church of the subgenius, we have chosen,
we have chosen to stare into the face of planetary doom with open arms and open wallets.
We have looked to this man,
this bobbed up,
the greatest salesman that ever lived, he couldn't deal with one specific future.
On July 5th, 1998, the X-ists, the men from Planet X, they're not really men, and it's not really a planet.
But that's not important. On July 5th, 1998, they will come and destroy this planet.
They will lay it to waste. There will be nothing but a smoking cinder.
Where once this lush, green-blue ball swirled around our somewhat unremarkable yellowish star.
And that's what we want. We've decided.
We have decided.
We have decided.
Who's going to be carrying our four-dimensional, sticky trap of doom into the future?
And we are paying Bob Dobbs nothing.
We're paying the Church of the Subgenius $30.
But that's just to make sure that you're on board, because there is no redemption without shedding of blood.
But there is no profit without spending of money.
And that's what we're here tonight.
To celebrate the spending of money.
Eternal salvation for $30 or triple your money back.
Choose your doom.
And choose a spectacular one.
And you know, if you've got just the right kind of essence, those elder gods, those frightening creatures from beyond,
they'll save us for last.
And they'll savor us just a little more.
We don't want a savior.
We want to be savored.
And that's all I've got to say tonight.
Thanks for coming to the D-Vival.
We've got another band.
We've got a little bit more ranting.
There's good stuff happening tonight.
And we still haven't drank all the beer yet.
What's wrong with you people?
Party!
Holy cow!
What can I say?
It's got me.
It's got me.
It's got me.
It's got me.
We've got Adam Carter-LeBlanc!
And Christ, peace, and rest, Pisces.
You've put all this insanity together.
Oh look, I have some of these ranting notes up here.
Mmm, good.
I can use that later.
Those are ordinary cephalopods.
Squid, octopus.
I need to know what's happening.
This planet is dying.
The human race is killing it.
So you've come here to help us?
No, I didn't.
You said you came to save us.
I said I came to save the Earth.
You came to save the Earth.
From us.
You came to save the Earth.
From us.
We can't risk the survival of this planet for the sake of one species.
What are you saying?
If the Earth dies, you die.
If you die, the Earth survives.
There are only a handful of planets in the cosmos that are capable of supporting complex life.
You can't do this.
This one can't be allowed to perish.
We can change.
We could still turn things around.
We've watched, we've waited and hoped that you would change.
Please.
It's reached the tipping point. We have to act.
Please.
We'll undo the damage you've done and give the Earth a chance to begin again.
Don't do this.
Please.
We could change.
We can change.
The decision is made.
The process has begun.
However, the majority of individuals will be unable to cope with such a catastrophic experience immediately,
particularly if it is unexpected or prolonged.
The sudden obliteration of their surroundings, the sound and fury of the blast,
will make it difficult to respond or react promptly and effectively.
Great fear will interfere with the ability of many to understand what has happened
or to decide what they must do.
After seconds or minutes, however, most of them should recoil and develop sufficient awareness
to take steps for personal survival.
During this recoil period, and for a time thereafter,
such survivors may be influenced by the commands and activities of leaders or other survivors.
Perhaps 5 to 20 percent will not rebound immediately.
They will continue to be non-effective for hours, but rarely for days.
Some may continue to be non-effective for hours, but rarely for days.
Some may continue to be non-effective for hours, but rarely for days.
It is to this group alone that the designation psychological casualty may be properly applied.
Okay, now, just breathe.
Here, sit down.
And tell me what happened.
Billy!
Blime.
So long!
What about Blime?
Well, now I'm full automatic in the hands of the computers.
My advice to you.
Start drinking heavily.
What's over, children?
All are welcome.
All welcome.
Go into the light.
My advice to you.
Go into the givers.
You are alive.
Therefore, I shall ignore you.
A little bit there about the upcoming X-Day this July 5th, when the earth will in fact be sprayed for tool users.
For information about our big party regarding the end of the world and how to be saved, you could see subgenius.com.
For even more endlessly detailed information about the Church of the Subgenius and so forth,
there is an online course in the whole thing starting April 6th at maybelogic.net.
We'll probably mention that again.
This is the Hour of Slack, dear friends.
Thanks to Reverend Sweetness McGee for the above earlier stuff.
And now more from Sweetness, the large, and whoever else they cooperated with.
What happened out there?
Oh, nothing much.
Just tried to kill me twice in the last five minutes.
What about Billy?
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
I'm here tonight to salute Bob.
What about Billy?
The man who...
I mean, one thing you can say about Bob, he's just...
I was...
I was in a picture with Bob...
What about Billy?
He's alive.
One time, it never reached the theater.
What about Billy?
He's alive.
He's alive.
It never...
It was...
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
I'm alive.
He's alive.
Billy?
What about Billy?
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
Bob comes after sex.
And sex comes after Bob.
Right.
And now, next, 20 minutes of various people explaining the connection between the Church
of the Subgenius and Robert Anton Wilson.
The great writer.
This is part of a tribute show about Wilson from the British show called Right Where You
Are Sitting Now.
Robert Anton Wilson Show, really.
You've never mentioned Wilson before, Ken?
We've mentioned him, in pretty much every episode, actually.
But we've never actually done a proper episode, as it were, about him.
So it just seems a bit wrong not to have done that.
But anyway, we got there eventually.
You did it.











Almost a year later.
So what was it that, how did you first find out about Robert Anton Wilson, Jay?
In fact, I first heard about Robert Anton Wilson, I may have told this story in a few
episodes of Out There Radio, but I picked up a Church of the Subgenius book called High
Weirdness by Mail.
Excellent.
Yeah, I love that.
Yeah, it's a great book.
And I think I was maybe 16 or 17 when I picked it up.
I was in high school.
And it was one of those books that I immediately fell in love with.





I immediately devoured and then showed my friends.
I was like, oh, have you seen this?
Look at this crazy stuff you can get.
It's all, and this is, of course, pre-World Wide Web.
And there was just all kinds of information in this book about just crazy organizations,
crazy authors.
And in fact, I credit that particular book with turning me on to a lot of different things,
including Robert Anton Wilson's book, The Illuminatus Trilogy.
And so by the time I decided to start looking around for, I guess, branching out from the
Subgenius book and started to find other authors that had mentioned, I was in college
at the time.
And it turns out that the college I went to had a pretty good library and, in fact, had
not only The Illuminatus Trilogy and its collection, but also several other books that were mentioned
in the Subgenius book.






So I started, I guess, becoming a regular at the university library and checking out
a lot of these things.
And that's where I first picked up The Illuminatus Trilogy.
And I actually, you know, I hate to say this.
I actually don't hate to say it.
I've only read the first two books of The Illuminatus Trilogy.
In fact, the other Wilson books, his nonfiction, I found to be a lot more interesting to me,
personally.
I mean, I read the first two books of The Illuminatus Trilogy and I was like, oh, this
is a lot more interesting than his fiction.
Although his fiction is, of course, a lot of fun and has a lot of other great qualities.
His nonfiction was what really, really got me.
In particular, his books Prometheus Rising and Cosmic Trigger and some others.
That's how I started reading Wilson.
Yeah, actually, I was given, again, the first one I read was The Illuminatus Trilogy
as well.
I'd heard about it before.
I think it, again, might have been from Subgenius, actually.
On the Subgenius, the very, very early version.

It was one of the early Subgenius websites.
It was one of the first sites on the web, from what I remember.
It was hosted on the university server, I always remember it.
And it kept referring back to Wilson.
And there was a group as well, I think it was called alt.wilson.
It was one of those old Usenet groups.
And I used to keep seeing it and wondering what the hell they were talking about.
And actually, eventually, a friend of mine learned it to me.
I remember I got about halfway through.
And it's one of those books where it's kind of, we'll talk to Are You Serious About This
a bit later as well.
But there's this kind of insane amount of information thrown at you.
And it's completely nonlinear.
So it's kind of hard to explain to anyone that hasn't actually read it, I suppose.
But there's no kind of linear passage throughout the book.
It kind of cuts back and forth through time and space.
And it just throws billions and billions of conspiracy theories at you.
And you can never quite tell if they're kind of based on facts or...
I just remember it completely and utterly did my head in.
So I only got about halfway through the book and had to stop for about three months then
I had to pick up the book.
The rest of it and finish it afterwards.
It's like having a countercultural Wikipedia in a nonlinear narrative fictional form.
Yeah.
The Kennedy assassination.
I've never been satisfied with the Warren Commission.
Now the next guy we're bringing on the show is someone who hasn't been on since the early
days of the show.
He's also quite interested in turning people into religious reverence, I suppose.

And he was also heavily influenced by Wilson and Discordianism generally.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, one of our favorite guests.
I'm one of those people who stumbled upon the Illuminatus book first when it was in
cheap paperback form.
In fact, I found it in a supermarket in the...
Probably around 1976 or 77.
I forget when it came out.
But it was in a supermarket.
It had a yellow submarine and an eye and a pyramid on it.
I thought, well, that looks weird.
I'll try this.
It was fantastically weird.
I thought, oh my God, I guess I'm not the only one who's completely crazy.
It was really inspiring.
I had said many, many times that if it hadn't been for Wilson and Shay's Illuminatus, there
might be a Church of the Subgenius.
But we wouldn't get it.
And it probably wouldn't be funny.
It would be all the wrong sort of thing.
But when we finally put together the very first Subgenius pamphlet, I was desperate
to send it to my heroes, which was underground comic book artists and people like Shay and
Wilson, especially Shay and Wilson.
And somebody...
Oh, Paul Maron.
He's a clown.
He's not also a drainage man.
He will get you lots of it.


Call Come
up


a
ג
Pa
hed
w
c
n
ing
fire



el
w
s
Let's roll



then
agua
Y

y

r
y
y


n
g
y
I later learned that that's only true of the three or four a year who are chosen to be the bestsellers, Stephen King types and so forth.
But I wrote to Wilson asking him a question about a UFO group that he had mentioned in Illuminatus or somewhere.
The silver shirts, because they were in Texas.
I thought, I'm in Texas, so that'll be a good connection.
And much to my tremendous surprise, he wrote back a friendly letter telling me what he knew about this obscure little group.
And he said, if you get any further into UFOs, try to keep your sense of humor.
And that was my end.
I said, I'll prove to him I kept my sense of humor.
And I sent him the subgenius pamphlet.
And much to my surprise, he absolutely loved it and kind of gave us a pat on the back.
And when we got our book deal, he gave me a nice quote to go on the back of the book.
So he was always very friendly to us and remained extremely friendly towards Church of the Subgenius to the end.
I think the last time we saw him in person was at Winter Star a couple of years before he died.
And a friend of mine was helping him around in his wheelchair and so forth.
But he was in great spirits even then.
He was really cheerful and very, very funny.
He always struck me as being a really funny person.
And I would get asked to open for him when he'd speak in Dallas or Austin back when I lived in Texas.
And that's how I ended up having a few meals with him and got to telling how much I admired him.
But one of my very favorite memories was back when Robert Shea was still alive.
The folks who run Winter Star and Starwood, ACE, or the Association for Consciousness Exploration in Cleveland,
brought Shea and Wilson both in.
And I had the most wonderful evening just sitting around listening to those two guys talk about movies.
They were both really big movie fans with encyclopedic knowledge of the whole history of movies.
And it wasn't what I expected.
I kind of expected these guys to be talking about something heavier or lighter or something.
But it was just movies.
It was really a delightful conversation to sit in on.
Yeah, I actually checked out a movie that he recommended to me.
Well, not directly to me, but recommended in an interview called F for Fake.
I don't know if you've seen that one.
Yes.
Yeah.
I've heard him mention that one.
In fact, I think he talked about it at one of the Winter Stars.
Because it had just recently sort of been re-released.
Yeah, isn't that excellent?
I mentioned to him the movie.
The Trial, which is an Orson Welles film.
Oh, it's a Kafka.
Yeah.
Kafka, yeah.
And he jumped up and down and said, that's my favorite movie.
Excellent.
So it seemed we had at least some sort of similar case in movies.
If you haven't seen it, you should.
It's really amazing.
It's hard to find.
Yeah, they remade it as well, didn't they?
I preferred the original, though.
I don't know.
The only one I saw had Anthony Perkins as the protagonist.
And was stark, stark black and white.
I later learned it was shot in France.
But, oh, and the other thing that happened, that particular Winter Star,
I think Robert Shea met the woman he married.
Ah.
He may have been married before.
I mean, these guys were in their 40s or 50s at this point.
Maybe even older.
But there was a lady speaking at Winter Star.
And he said,
Shea and Shea met the next thing we knew, they'd gotten married.
And then Shea died, which was just awful.
I mean, it was really sudden.
And I felt so sorry for his brand new wife.
Yeah.
And he was actually quite a good writer in his own right, wasn't he?
Well, I've never read any of his solo novels, I'm sorry to say.
Ah.
And I haven't read everything Robert Anton Wilson wrote.
No, I think it's quite hard.
He wrote quite a lot of stuff, didn't he?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think I could write faster than I can read.
So, but I one time had the experience of,
this isn't something I do all the time.
In fact, it's been years since I did this,
but I was tripping and reading Schrodinger's Cat on an airplane.
Oh, wow.
I'd already read most of the trilogy, and I was coming down to the end of it.
And I was, obviously, since I was on a plane,
I wasn't reading a book.
I wasn't tripping really hard.
But for some reason, it all seemed to come together.
And when I got to the end of it,
I was so convinced that I sort of understood what he was saying
that I wrote him a long letter on the back of a vomit bag,
you know, an air sickness bag.
I don't know if they even include those in planes anymore,
but there was just enough room.
And I mailed him the handwritten note on the bag,
and he later told me he really appreciated it.
Ha, ha, ha.
Excellent.
So, I mean, talking about his work.
Well, go ahead.
I was going to say, talking about his work,
what particular books of his, other than Illuminatus,
did you kind of like really resonate with?
Well, I can't remember which book this is in.
It's one of the collections of essays.
But he wrote a very out-of-character, serious thing
about the death of his daughter.
Ah, right, yeah.
Who died in a violent accident.
He died in a violent attack when she was 12 years old.
I was, that struck me.
And I told him this.
To me, out of all the things he'd written,
that description of how he dealt with the tragedy of his daughter's death
stuck with me more than anything else because it was so very real.
And at the time, I had a 12-year-old daughter
and lived in a really dangerous neighborhood.
And, you know, I was worried about that kind of, you know,
you couldn't let your kids walk on the streets in the daytime.
Now, this, of course, was 20 years after what had happened to his daughter.
But that, I can't remember which collection it was in.
It's in Cosmic Trigger.
Yeah, I was going to say, it must have been Cosmic Trigger.
It's the one that I don't have a copy of left because I've loaned it to somebody.
Hmm.
And that...
It was just so real, you know.
So much of what he writes about is in the flighty, airy realms of mysticism and philosophy.
But, you know, when he gets down and dirty, that's...
That can mean a lot, too.
Yeah.
And, well, it just tore me up reading about it.
But it also was kind of inspiring, you know,
the fact that he had to come to grips with all that.
I'm sure he felt kind of partly responsible
because he wasn't making enough money to live in a safe neighborhood.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's very honest, isn't it?
It's a very honest depiction of what happened, I felt.
Yeah.
Well, it really pinned me.
Hmm.
Yeah.
So it's been interesting.
I can tell you that Robert Anton Wilson was one of the hardest people to record in the world.
He would not work with a microphone.
You had to put that thing...
You had to put that thing...
Right up against his lips and then hope he didn't change position.
Because he talked in that nice Brooklyn monotone.
Hmm.
But he was not very mic-friendly.
So in...
I always...
Every time he spoke, I found myself having the nerve to run up there and adjust the mic a little bit.
Right in the middle of his thing.
Because he just didn't seem...
He didn't seem to want to speak up.
Once when I was opening for him, I was...
This was in the early days and I was kind of insecure.
Had a couple of drinks before I went on, which I would never do now.
And I went on and screamed and yelled and hollered in this little bookstore where he was speaking.
When I got off, he walked up to the podium and said,
After the storm, then the calm.
Hmm.
I felt kind of like an idiot.
But I've always felt kind of like an idiot, so that wasn't anything to change.
Because of my position in the Church of the Subgenius.
He was very, very friendly, considering...
You know, when I first approached him as a fan, he didn't treat me like a jerk.
He gave me really good advice.
And I...
I...
I could not possibly be that polite.
But...
Not after what I've been through.
I mean, one thing that I've been talking with the other guests about is what we think that Rob Anton Wilson's legacy will be.
I mean, it's strange that he seems to have become...
He seems to be as popular, if not even more popular now that he's actually passed away.
And it's a bit like...
Almost reminds me a bit of...
I was talking to Lon Myler-DeKette about this.
It reminds me a bit of Alistair Crowley in the way that he suddenly became more famous and kind of more read after he died.
And...
Do you think that Rob Anton Wilson does have a legacy?
Oh, well, obviously he has a legacy.
And unfortunately, it goes two different ways.
On the one hand, there are probably numberless people who his writing inspired to go in a really positive...
What turned out for them to be a really positive direction.
On the other hand, there's people who read philosophy and mysticism...
And never pick up on that whole maybe thing.
And so they will take figurative things literally.
I think that Pope Bob has the same problem with the Church of the Subgenius in that...
Sometimes it only makes assholes worse.
And it's not just us.
It's any religion.
Or mysticism-related type thing.
Or philosophy.
Can function as something that just justifies a person's already bad behavior.
Yeah.
If they misunderstand it.
And it's really easy to misunderstand somebody who's right.
Half the time, Wilson is being tongue-in-cheek.
And it takes a lot of subtlety to pick up on that sort of thing.
Hmm.
Yeah.
You know, sometimes he's very blunt and plain and speaks exactly...
What he means.
And other times, I think he's playing games.
And I know he was playing games.
I mean, he told me so.
It was like...
I've had several writers go,
Hey, now, don't take this stuff too seriously.
I've had to say that.
And...
Oh, God.
Sometimes it doesn't do any good.
But...
But...
From what I can tell from looking at the last interviews with him...
That were in the Maybe Logic film and so forth...
It seemed to me that he kept his sense of humor to the bitter end.
And that's a lesson for all of us.
Really.
There's the...
That whole...
Maybe.
You know, as he said, if only people would say maybe more often, it might solve a whole lot of problems.
Yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
And to me, that kind of sums up what...
That's what I got out of Wilson's material.
I like to think...
That knowing him helped make me a little bit less mean.
And a little bit nicer and a little bit more tolerant of other people's viewpoints.
And a little bit less sure of...
Well, a lot less sure of my own opinions.
Things that I thought were facts.
His work helped me to realize, no, no.
What those are, are opinions.
And you really don't know.
And so...
You know, you...
Maybe this is the way it is.
And I really do...
That used to be when I had a cig on the internet, my cig was often that quote by him.
Yeah.
Maybe, if everybody said maybe more often, the world might be an easier place to live in.
And I...
Maybe that's right.
So if you want to...
If you get a deep, intuitive understanding of the relation of something and nothing,
then you're in a...
You're in a state of slack.
And slack...
Slack is even better than nirvana.
Because...
Because if you're in slack, you are in the balance point between something and nothing.
And then you can get something for nothing.
And...
This...
This...
This was revealed to J.R. Bob Dobbs, the founder of the Church of the Subgenius,
by L. Ron Hubbard on an elevator.
And...
In Palm Beach, Florida in 1957.
J.R. Bob Dobbs...
J.R. Bob Dobbs was only a humble aluminum siding salesman at that time.
But it just took one meeting with L. Ron Hubbard,
and he learned the secret of power
and how to stand on the balance between something and nothing
and get something for nothing.
And he founded the Church of the Subgenius.
And now he's one of the richest men in the world,
but he still acts like a regular fella.
Of course, it's very hard to see Bob these days,
because he's reached such a tremendous level of spiritual elevation
that most people who've met him can't even remember the experience.
It's like a UFO contact.
There's partial...
There's total or partial amnesia,
conjunctivitis and eye strain,
nervous symptoms.
Sometimes it requires hospitalization.
And you almost inevitably,
you're persecuted by the men in black afterwards.
The men in black are agents of the conspiracy.
The conspiracy is...
is all the groups that's trying to stamp out the Church of the Subgenius.
It consists of all the other religions in the world,
the Rockefellers,
the OPEC nations,
and the people who put Hawaiian music in elevators,
and all other evil and sinister forces like that.
So if you've met Bob,
they'll send the men in black around to persecute you.
Don't be afraid.
The men in black will come to your door pretending to be Jehovah's Witnesses.
And they will try...
They will try to get into your house.
The thing to do is greet them
in a friendly way
and say,
I would glad to see you.
This is a Satanist temple.
We were looking for subjects for a sacrifice.
And we've heard you've arrived.
This...
This will absolutely guarantee you will never be bothered by Jehovah's Witnesses again.
They send a report back to Kingdom Hall with your address on it,
and nobody ever goes there again.
It really works.
This is not a put-on.
It really works.
They believe in that sort of stuff.
Yes, friends.
That was Robert Anton Wilson himself,
Pope Bob,
preaching about J.R. Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
That interview material was from the show right where you are sitting now,
which can be heard at sittingnow.co.uk.
You're listening to the Hour of Slack from the Church of the Subgenius,
which is at...
subgenius.com.
There is an entire eight-week class about the history and practice of the Church of the Subgenius,
starting April 6th at
maybelogic.net
and maybelogic.org.
And now,
The Loonjer.
The Loonjer.
Are you there?
A fiery horse with the speed of dust, and...
the hearty high odor.
Oops.
Please, please, please, Mister.
What's the matter, Buttons?
My legs hurt bad.
Oh!
I don't trust that masked man.
I don't either, darling.
Where are you going?
Let's go.
Now, perhaps you'll trust me.
Secretly.
Yes.
Don't tell anyone.
No offense intended, Mister, but I haven't known you long enough.
Well, have it your own way.
Adios.
Come in.
But, John...
John...
Then...
We must share things.
The good along with the bad.
Give me a cigarette.
You dumb hate thief.
Give me a cigarette.
But I don't understand.
Don't try to understand anything.
Just give me a cigarette.
The masked man.
I wouldn't count on that.
John, take care of her.
Nice going, John.
Now tie them up.
Oh, John.
Time was right, Chavs.
That's the important thing.
Well, you outsmarted yourself, Leela.
It was easy to make a fool out of him.
He's alone here.
Adios, lad.
You know darn well I can't leave without a guitar string.
Well, so long, nana-na-na-nephew.
Don't forget to see me on TV tomorrow night.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, introducing for the first time a new singing television star, Uncle Pecos.
Oh, what a diddle-a-diddle-a-diddle-a-diddle-a-dee.
Oh, ee.
Ahhhh.
Froggy went a-courting, he did right.
He-he-he cramble.
Froggy went a-courting, he did right.
He-he-he cramble.
Oh, ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho.
Lob-a-doodle-yellow bug, doodle-lod-a-ding.
Come a-rob-a-bob-a-lod-a-lod, cramble.
Smokeguns
Smokeguns
