Too bad all shows can't be so wonderful
But some have to be religious shows
And that's what we're doing now
Where is that?
Friends
I have a message for you from Bob
Bob Taft
And the Ohio Bureau of Motor Vehicles
Ah yes
Because with warmer months approaching
The Ohio Bureau of Motor Vehicles
Would like to remind Ohioans
That motor scooters are illegal
On Ohio's roadways
Unless titled, registered, covered by the proper financial responsibility
And the individual operating the motor scooter
Has a driver's license
And has a driver's license

And motorcycle endorsement
Many of the small electric and gas powered motor scooters
Which are sold in cruddy sporting and department stores
Through the internet
And on unsavory street corners
Do not fit the criteria to be titled or registered
Therefore the scooters are not to be permitted
On Ohio's roadways
For roadway travel the motor scooter must have a standard
Seat and be designed to travel
On not more than three wheels in contact with the ground
The scooters must have proper brake lights
Turn signals, a horn and rear view mirrors
If the scooter fits the criteria to be ridden on the roadways
An individual must have the motor scooter inspected
By the Ohio State Highway Patrol
Heard here?
If the scooter passes the inspection
The scooter may be titled and then registered
The owner must carry financial responsibility coverage on the scooter
Also the rider must be 16 years old
We are looking out for the children's safety
Says registrar Frank Couchrider
It's important that the drivers know Ohio's road laws and signs
Before the attempt to operate a vehicle of any type on Ohio's roadways
Parents and grandparents are buying these small scooters
Assuming they can be legally operated
Which often turns out not to be true
Individuals should contact local law enforcement
With questions about how the laws that govern the use of motor scooters
Will be enforced in a particular jurisdiction
And thank you to Governor Bob Taft for that message
I hope you all appreciated the special way I read that
I carefully inspected that public service announcement
And marked up the script so that I could read it with the proper dramatic enhancements
This music in the background
Which is actually pretty good
Music is from a CD called Legacy
By Reverend Jimmy Ryan
The Flyin' Ryan Brothers is the name of it
The Flyin' Ryan Brothers got a Grammy nomination for this thing
These subgeniuses did
But there's got to be someone
Now I've got to start this subgenius show
Dammit
I don't know how to work half these boards here
Dammit, dammit, dammit
It's, it's, it's
I know!!!
Damn it, damn it
I'm having this try.
If only I could get this thing to...
It's just...
What's so funny?
I'm sorry.
The band is starting.
The band is starting.
That's not the cut that I wanted.
Knowing that I could stop them at any point in time...
I could stop.
Sure, I could stop any time.
Yeah, keep telling yourself that.
I could stop any time.
In denial.
Listen to that guy.
Totally.
I don't have a hang-up about it.
Oh, no.
Not at all.
Just keep talking about it over and over again.
Okay, get ready.
Show's coming up.
Show's starting up.
Okay.
It's Bob.
Okay, this is Bob, and we'll be translating.
I don't have a hang-up about it.
It's Bob.
I don't have a hang-up about it.
It's the end times, and for some reason, some people find that depressing.
It's the end times.
It's the end times.


And some people, they don't find that an excuse to party.
Maybe they're not that cynical or they're not that high or something.
And there's been a lot of this disease going around called suicide.
Or, you know, people that maybe they haven't caught it yet, but they kind of wish they would.
And I'm in the position, believe it or not, even a subgenius minister has to counsel people.
Because, I mean, who else are they going to go to in some cases?
Now, have you ever had a friend come to you and say he was going to kill himself and you tried to put yourself in his shoes?
That's not a good idea.
You don't try to put yourself in the shoes of a suicidal person.
It might be contagious, like that Penn and Teller movie.
But, see, the thing is, when you're not depressed and you're just looking at somebody who is depressed,
you think to yourself, well, I could never do that because of the kids or somebody, you know.
But when you're depressed, you go, yeah, I want to do that because of the kids.
And to them, it makes perfect sense.
Now, you cannot beat sense into the head of a depressed person.
What are you going to threaten them with? Death?
You know, how do you threaten a suicidal person?
As our friend, Reverend Phineas Narco said,
some people want to kill themselves, but they know it would kill their mom.
So they wish their mom would hurry up and die.
And that makes them more depressed.
And then they just want to kill.
Or they're so depressed they want to kill themselves, but they're afraid it would kill their boss.
Or they're afraid it would kill Bob.
Well, friends, you don't have to worry about Bob.
Because he doesn't care about you.
He only cares about your slack.
Now, somebody said to me, you know, it's weird.
Animals aren't smart enough to kill themselves.
Think about that.
Animals aren't smart enough to kill themselves.
Friends, what is the god damn hurry?
Bob or God are going to get you sooner or later, no matter what.
If you try to do it.
You might well muff the job.
Because by definition, you're an amateur.
You're certainly not a professional at suicide.
So friends, if you're going to kill yourself, let the professionals do it.
Leave it to Bob.
Let Bob do it for you.
Now here's the thing.
He might take his sweet time about it.
You might even get impatient for Bob to hurry and kill you.
I'm afraid that's not going to happen.
I'm afraid that, I'm afraid my mom is kind of in that position.
But really, do you really think you can do a better job than J.R. Bob Dobbs?
I think not.
But as Bob said, just as suicide is the most sincere form of self-loathing,
by the same token, the church of the subgenius is the most sincere form of send one dollar.
Now, God works in mysterious ways.
It's true.
And Bob plays in mysterious ways.
So maybe we can hope.
Maybe there is hope.
Maybe we can hope for not just survival.
Maybe we can hope for even revenge.
Ah, yes.
When you're not looking for them, they're in your face.
When you're seeking them, they flee.
That's the way Bob is, you know.
Friends, we're listening to some recordings from the Beachland Ballroom Divival,
just fairly recently like.
Actually, this is the third bunch of recordings I have of that.
I have put together another hour of, two previous hours of Slack,
which only the Cleveland audiences will hear after this one.
The rest of you heard them already.
Strange but true.
Friends, and we'll go back to those live Divival recordings.
I do want to mention that as we record this show,
former President Ronald Reagan went, was called home, I guess.
Some angel needed Reagan's special talents that he had developed in the last few years.
And they called him home.
And we'll be reading some.
Reading some from the secret history of Ronald Reagan.
I don't want to, but I have to because Reagan's dead.
And we will be called upon to grapple with this important news.
Meanwhile, we'll just quickly go back to that subgenius Divival in progress.
People fear Bob. People want Bob. They want to meet Bob.
They go, oh, is Bob going to be at that Divival? I want to meet Bob.
Oh, you think you want to meet Bob.
Where do you think he gets his Slack?
Where do you think Bob gets his Slack?
Why do you think he wants you to have Slack?
You just think about that.
Next time you go looking for a guru.
Or such like.
Well, I'm just going to, I'm just going to turn the,
how about if we look at another one of those lovely videos.
Oh, is that Reverend Bleepo?
You ought to come up here and at least say, it's the hour of Slack.
See if you recognize this voice.
The subgenius hour of Slack.
Slack.
I just want to testify that Bob did,
Bob has gotten me through so much lately.
And coming here, we came all the way from New York City
just because of Bob's face.
I think not enough people remember the face.
We have to always come back to the face.
And we get involved with all this computer art
and all of this other stuff.
And, you know, we live 2.5 miles from ground zero in Brooklyn.
And when the towers came down, the smoke came up over the river
and right down into our neighborhood.
And even then, I remembered the face.
I just want you to know that even in the day,
in the direst moments,
Bob gives you strength.
And we were going through thunderous sheets
of Cecil B. DeMille-like rain
on the Pennsylvania, on Route 80 going west.
And all through it, I just kept seeing the face.
And I kept saying, no, go forward.
And the Reverend Lili Benini,
I should say Professor Lili Benini,
newly indoctrinated,
professor, one of the few professors
in the Church of the Subgenius,
but fully ordained nevertheless,
Reverend Lili Benini pressed on,
even with her eyes closed,
through pouring sheets of rain,
by keeping the face in her mind.
So just, that's just what I want to say to y'all,
is no matter what happens,
if kids in a motel parking lot seem threatening,
just remember the face.
If you're surrounded by people,
by guys who think that your long hair's real purdy
and they want to do bad stuff to you,
you will still roll by,
roll through the situation,
whatever happens to you then,
with the face.
So, and I see your face.
I have not seen your face in a long time.
But, but, but, yeah,
the face and the dots, don't forget.
That's all.
That's my message tonight.
Thank you.
Bleepo Abernathy, dear friends.
That's Doctors for Bob in the background,
playing there at the Beachland Ballroom.
Friends, Bleepo Abernathy.
Yes, we heard.
And he is right.
It is those dots of that face.
You can say, oh, I love what Bob says.
I love everything else about Slack and Subgenius.
No, it's that face is the basis of all reality.
That trademark face.
That doted face.
It's the living God.
The God.
God.
And now man, man incorporated.
Man.
Excuse me.
Does anyone have a job?
Does anyone have a job?
Is it a job?






No.
No.
No.
I think it's this.
Oh, hey.
I have a job through the army.
Would you like it?
You know I have a job, занимado por la ciencia.
Another job?
Thank you bro, bro.
Shabbat shalom everyone.
Shabbat shalom.
Down your ass in the gas in your car.
And you think you deserve a raise?
You're fired.
And you think you deserve a raise?
You're fired.
Fired.
Man.
More on man from...
Thank you.
www.beerforman.com
No matter how complicated your conspiracy theory gets,
it still can't touch the...
Oh, it's the amino acids.
The amino acids were the headlining band
at the last defival in Cleveland.
And you hear them starting up here in the background.
The mean amino acids.
Yeah, they're a mean, mean...
A mean surf thrash machine.
Dangerous.
Dangerous.
Oh, yeah, well, we'll let the aminos
prepare their brew in the background.
Friends, I have to tell you,
I have to reveal now, at this moment,
the secret history of former President Ronald Reagan.
Who, quote, died, unquote, yesterday.
Buckled your seatbelts.
Anything that's keeping you from realizing
that you've got to get right with Bob.
Ronald Reagan was secretly a very heavy pot smoker.
A pot smoker, that's right.
And that's what caused his Alzheimer's.
He and J.R. Bob Dobbs had been friends,
close friends, since 1950.
1951, actually.
Which was before Dobbs' immaculate death.
Immaculation.
When they met on the set of Bedtime for Bonzo.
For which Dobbs is listed as genetics consultant,
for some reason.
After the immaculation,
Dobbs' rising star matched Ron's,
and they both shared a meteoric ascent
through the conspiracy ranks.
Until Dobbs dropped out and went rogue.
Dobbs had never, at any time in his career,
actually understood the concept of money.
And when Reagan,
his new masters,
tried to force such understanding onto him,
he lost interest in the conspiracy entirely
and split off to found Dobbstown
in the fourth counterspiracy, as it is called.
For it wasn't actually Rockefeller
who was calling the shots in those days,
but Onassis.
And Dobbs reputedly looked with uncharacteristic disdain
on, of all things, Onassis' cooking.
In 1982, Reagan had a tumultuous affair
with the mysterious-aged mother of Connie Dobbs
and went amok, as his handlers would have it.
He resigned the presidency and ran off with Connie's mother,
only to have her ultimately reject him as a suitable mate.
During this period on the run,
Reagan sometimes hid out with Dr. Philo Drummond,
wearing a long-haired wig and fake mustache,
and affecting an Australian accent.
He even jammed several times with the swinging love corpses.
Meanwhile, the conspiracy had, needless to say,
kept a clone, or more properly,
a lookalike in seeming power in Washington.
It was even re-elected in 1984.
But then the lookalike went berserk
and raped several newscasters.
This was reported in the conspiracy press
as President Reagan undergoing an operation for colon cancer.
The real Reagan, who by then had been,
ejected from the swinging love corpses,
resumed his duties as acting president.
Onassis apparently forgave him.
Some say his change of heart was due to threats
from the shadowy figures that the conspiracy press
referred to as Nancy's astrologers,
and to whom Hollywood made vague allusions
in the film Donovan's Brain.
Ron had never been more than a figurehead,
a front for Nancy anyway,
so whether it was the real Reagan or a lookalike
made little difference in the day-to-day operation of that party.
The conspiracy press was the only party

to be a part of the conspiracy.
The conspiracy press was the only party
that had been able to get the lookalike
to be a part of the conspiracy.
One of the other branches of the conspiracy
was behind the Hinckley affair,
the fact that Reverend Court Holland,
co-director of Arise, the subgenius video,
sat behind John Hinckley Jr. in English class
at Highland Park High School in Dallas,
is key to this aspect,
the final results of which we are now seeing
in the whole world.
The world has sailed devastation of brain cells,
both in the Middle East and the United States.
And now back to the amino acids.
...direction to my thoughts,
knowing that I could stop them at any point in time...
The amino acids, dear friends,
at the Beachland Revival,
Subgenius Revival in Cleveland,
it has been known that the amino acids
contain a substance called
and I always just wondered about the difference between,
you know, which came first, the chicken or the egg.
And you're telling me now,
that some barnyards have the equivalent, the chicken equivalent,
of Leonardo da Vinci running around the barnyard.
You know, I'm not on duty now, but I'll actually go ahead and answer that famous conundrum
if you really do want to know the answer, which came first, the chicken or the egg?
Well, I think that even though you're not on duty,
in one sense, you're always on duty in another sense.
And you are one of this church of the subgeniuses,
most aforementioned, most concise, and yet abbreviated,
great sage of ancient lore and forgotten knowledge.
Can you expound in a Thomish sort of bombastic, pompous way at infinitum?
Though I lost my career and I...
...try in my beer, this show is my only real job.
And here he is, radio's...
...brought out a clear statement of what you wish to accomplish...
...and request your subconscious mind...
...Colonel Chickering's famous method of picking them,
the greatest chicken picker in history, Colonel Chickering,
wrote a book and systemized a system known as
Eggs and Chicks in Least Space on Homegrown Food.
Cut, cut, cadoc it, cluck.
Cut, cut, cadoc it, cluck.
Cut, cut, cadoc it, cluck.
When was the last time you tasted a really fresh egg?
It was expense money from the paper for the...
One with a high yolk that was a deep, dark yellow,
bordering on pink, and a white...
I need slack.
An egg white that stayed together in a plump circle
instead of running all over the frying pan.
Please, Mr. Corrigan, would you let me have the money?
Well, if your answer is, I've never eaten an egg like that,
you aren't alone.
When my wife, Louise, and I first made our move from city...
to country, I really believed that the lighter color, the yolk,
would pressure the egg.
It wasn't until our first, uh, pullets began laying, as we call it,
that I learned the fact that the yolk color
is dependent on the pigments in the feed.
You lay your pullets.
We were responsible for those running eggs.
Did you regain your lost yeti power?
You see, an egg, in many respects, is a living thing.
I don't either, but I know that...
Even if it is not fertile,
which is the case,
in the case with store-bought eggs,
a hen will lay a quarter of infertile eggs
without ever setting eyes on a rooster.
I stood there watching it happen,
swearing I would stop when I lost a hundred dollars.
And in the time most commercially produced eggs spend in storage or transit,
they slowly lose water through the process of sweating or eggmosis.
You can tell a fresh egg from a stale one easily, just hard-boiled.
Sky King stinks.
If the dent in one end, where the egg is, is the most likely to be a dead egg,

the air pocket puts it to a good size when your egg is stale.
Bob isn't so lucky because he's smart.
He's lucky because he's incredibly stupid by normal standards.
We think there's a big difference, too, between poultry raised commercially and raised to toad.
If you could be as tenth as dumb as Bob, your mistakes, blunders, follies, and foibles would become as profitable as his.
But I didn't.
Why not? To truly know nothing...
Ah.
Ah.
But, uh, we, uh, could, uh...
Quick, behind these bushes.
We could. Only we could. If only we could.
I kept reaching into the envelope again.
Again and again.
Human nature would improve a billionfold.
What are we gonna do?
If only it wouldn't...
You could eventually be a stooge warrior for Wotan.
Like, like watching a person who couldn't see or hear me.
What can we do? There's hundreds of them.
We'll channel the...
I could go on.
We'll channel them. We'll...
I could...
We'll say, Bob, I hear you.
Describe how to build a chicken coop.
They may not be the same.
Perhaps our listeners would like to know that more.
We'll give some to you today.
Or discuss the various chicken breeds.
We ain't gonna leave out any.
Oh, Bob.
But you've got to remember...
You'll never get a better deal.
The trick of picking chicken is picking what chicken if you still wonder.
And how I wonder...
Your sexy tapes and books are now the most vital part of my life.
Relationships with others are of secondary importance.
A strange propaganda broadcast by the Edmorows.
Yes, warning, warning.
From the sole smudge on your checks, we will be able to tell whether you are one of the chosen.
A pathetic pink that wants to be a subgenius or a conspiracy infiltrator.
Even though the color of each tribe's money is exactly equal in greatness, we will sell
to you, but only if we know you.
Now, the easiest way to kill a chicken is to hang it up each foot in a rope with a noose
or slipknot at the end and cut the throat just behind the lower beak.
Then, uh...
Then, get away quickly.
Haha.
The bird will flap, scattering blood all over.
Once it has bled, swish the carcass for 60 to 90 seconds,
depending on the age of the bird, in 130 degrees Fahrenheit water.
Pull out the tail and wing feathers first, and the rest should come off almost in sheets.
An expert chicken plucker can denude his victim in less than 60 seconds.
If they come out hard,
you've scalded the chicken flesh for too short a time.
If the breast skin tears,
you've scalded that chicken too long.
This may sound like coop talk to you, but 30 years from now, your kids' minds will be ours.
You can clean the birds, too, but it's easiest to split them up the back.
So, go ahead, ignore your natural squeamishness.
Get a strong pair of poultry shears.
That's right.
Now, go for it.
Cut off their feet.
The head.
The end of the neck.
Now the pointed oil gland at the base of the tail.
Be sure to get out all the oozing yellow,
glagular,
pus-like material.
Then, with a sharp knife,
cut around the vent in a funnel shape to avoid cutting into the gut and puncturing the intestines,
causing the foul gas to rush out, destroying the flavor of the meat.
Head.
Cut up the spine.
One hand has been jerking many times.
And as you can see, the bird will open the mouth like a book.
Ah.
Could that be Dave?
We'll find out.
Is that Dave?
Might it be?
Could it be?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
The phone is ringing.
It's a nasal sound, isn't it?
Yes.
That's why they call it Reagan's polyp.
Don't forget.
The nasal polyp?
I thought it was a different sort of polyp.
Can you hear anything?
I can't.
That was a great band.
It was a greater Nordic American band.


I remember in 1942, Ronald Reagan was wearing a swastika and one of the perpendicular hats,
you know, with the big, I guess it was some sort of German sausage.
He was trying to pretend it was like a spike.
Remember the spike helmets they had?
Yeah.
Swastika?
He just, you know, he just stooned himself with a leader crunch or something like that
and was parading around.
There's photos of it.
The FBI has those.
And Dobbs is with him.
But, you know, Dobbs was playing off sides of the fence.
He's always done that.
Well, don't we all, in a way?
Even Reagan, you know, God, Satan, in between.
God and Satan is one word, isn't it?
In our religion.
Natas dog, you know.
That was a great old dog, too.
Natas.
Natas dog.
I remember him well.
He had power of the universe and didn't know it.
Instead, anyway.
Yeah, anyway.
He sounds pretty resolute.
I don't know.
That's the correct word.
I think it's, no, that's not.
Oh, I'm not, actually.
That's, I'm shaking, shaking to the core.
My confidence in.
Well, you knew he was going to go.
You know, in fact, he's been going everywhere for the last 10 years.
Oh, for 30 years, Bob has been saying it was all going to go.
It was all going to literally come apart at the seams, he said.
But he meant that figuratively, since, you know, the world doesn't have seams.
No.
As Nenslow pointed out, it seems.
It has torn pockets with the fluffy on the inside, you know.
So, like, what are those longitude little things?
Those are imaginary lines drawn by men to make nature make sense.
A vain attempt to control God's great creation by means of knowledge and machinery.
So, you really, you think that God created this universe, even though you are a 100%
Dobbsian, Coneye, born in the freaking wool subgenius.
And you believe in God?
Well, that depends on what you mean by God, what you mean by believe, what you mean by is, and what you mean by, what was the other?
Mean.
What?
Oh, yeah.
Mean.
Mean.
Okay.
And what?
I want to start with what?
Oh, no, let's not start with what.
See, and again, you come back to the chicken and the egg, God and the devil, the eternal mysteries.
And should we be doing current affair humor, or should we be doing eternal veritas?
What's going to sell in the long run?
You really, I don't know, I've never had my pre-funnel lobes pecked out by an egg, though, Stang.
You know what I mean?
We're not really.
No.
I mean, we got to start somewhere.
I don't know where that.
Why?
Well, I guess we don't have to start anywhere.
I agree with whatever you say.
That's why we want to just tear down all of that which history has built up, and without any plan at all for starting over.
Anarchism to us is way too organized, too.
And fascistic.
Yes, in Dobbs' new world, stealing will be legal, and money will not be.
Well, better days are coming.
Ah, yes.
Well, I hope so.
I hope X Day is tomorrow.
It'd be great if X Day was tomorrow, or even if X Day was this July 5th.
Well, Stang, you're going to get it right anyway, because you're so close to the Mayan calendar that I can't hear a wee.
Well, I wish you would leave off this Mayan calendar.
No, I mean, I know I sound like one of the midnight talk show guys.
Yeah.
But it seems like, you know, now you're even reading these little articles in the Plain Dealer and other fake news sources, you know?
Why is the Mayan prediction for the end of the world any better than Edgar Cayce's, which was 1998, or Nostradamus's, which was July 5th?
Well, the Mayans, I guess, they're just the same as the Hoopers.
1999.
You know, the Hoppy people down there that live in the Pueblo.
No, they're not the same.
No, I mean, their end times predictions are very, very close.
Well, everybody's end times predictions are very, very close, and they're all true, as that movie that I'm not going to go see proves.
They're all happening all at once, the global warming and the global ice age simultaneously, like taking coffee and downers at the same time.
That's exactly what it is.
That's...
People think we're going one way or the other.
We're going both.
Hey, haven't you ever done that, you know?
What makes you think Mother Earth is not as big a dope head as the rest of us?
She's on too many lewds, quackers, ding-dongs, any kind of down-type thing you can imagine, smacky and everything.
And she just put a bunch of, uh...
What's that other stuff?
I guess that's what you mean by a guy-a-rea.
Yeah.
Guy-a-rea.
That's what we've got.
We've got too much closeness to the...
The world is too much with us, great and small.
Yeah.
Getting and spending, coming and going and...if you can even come.
Or spend, as some wags like prefer to put it.
Stend?
Spend, yes.
Spend, oh yes.
Spend.
Spendy juices, yeah.
Oh, Nan Canobite used to talk about spending too much.
Well, with a name like that, you...
Yup.
With a...
It's kind of a one-track mind, his name.
Why didn't he think to perhaps change his name on a week?
Well, never mind, I never did, so...
Right.
Right.
I'm still Lonesome Cowboy Dave, he's still Onan.
What if Onan and Lonesome got together?
They could have little fanny babies.
I don't want any fanny babies.
Either out of my fanny or anybody else's.
Lonesome Onan babies.
And if I did, I'd certainly raise them right.
Butt babies.
I don't know...oh, is that a song that we've sung before?
I wouldn't...I don't remember any better than you do, Dave.
That was the spin-off guy, who I'm falsely accusing of being a spin-off guy.
A caller in was going,
My mother didn't want me.
Oh, yeah, you said you...
I flushed into the can.
I'm a backyard backdoor baby.
And a big old fashioned man.
I don't know, something like that.
I mean, I had the other part, you know.
Man, that was messed up.
Knockwist?
Dave, now you say you heard someone on a shortwave feed of somebody else's college radio show that you said sounded uncannily like an hour of slack...inspiratee, let us say, rather than rip-off.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, I said that.
And not only did I say that, I can back it up with worms.
Do you think they owe us an apology or a lawsuit or anything that we could, you know, exploit?
No.
They owe us an apology or something.
Bacha culats, that's what they say.
Should we be recording...should we be recording stuff off of their show and then replaying it on our show and saying it's ours?
Mmmmm, that sounds better.
That sounds better.
No, much better.
Well, then turn your recorder on.
It's Peter.
Okay, let's not be silly here.
What about this?
What is happening to the world?
How can we...how can a great man like Ronald Reagan die and a dick still be around...in chains of Eve?
Well, Stan, you don't understand the true nature of the world.
I sure don't.
There are wonderful old saps like Ronald Reagan, former butt boys of Robert, um, Bob Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, not Robert, excuse me.
But for people like this, the world is a sour pickle that we have to all consume.
But for those whose oysters are, let's say they were born with a silver spoon stuck up their derriere.
Yeah.
The lucky guys, the rich guys.
The lucky guys.
Yeah.
The tall guys.
The small guys.
Like you.
The popular.
You know, all the rest of it.
So us have-nots should always hate the haves forever just because they have?
Or is it because they took it away from us?
Well, that's why I thought.
I never had any to begin with, did I?
What's that?
Slack.
No, you never did, Stan.
I thought you knew that.
It's kind of a joke.
No, actually, you know.
That you have less than anybody.
Well, no.
No, the funny thing is, I do have Slack now.
I have something, in fact, even better than Slack.
Heard here on microphone, too.
Princess, we are dope.
In the meantime, you know, you were born with original Slack.
That's the shame of it.
We hold to the original Slack doctrine.
We were born with original Slack, but the conspiracy has been taking it away from the time that doctor first whacked you on the butt to force you to cry and take that first breath when you would have anyway.
Yes.
I think this should be flat should be the opposite of slack because when you take flack, you're taking too much critical evaluation.
And when you have slack, you are taking none.
You know what I'm saying?
Slack, flack.
It's like the yin and yang of the.
Well, anyway, I'm sorry.
I retract that.
I think you took the other half.
It's a pretty good flip flop in my mind.
That was the half that wasn't marked.
Marked up.
Well, let's see what this fellow here has to say.
Oh, you're right.

Oh, Brad Williams.
Brad Williams.

Is we on the air?
I'm on the air.
Dave, you can't hear me?
Can you hear the background music?
You sound like you're talking through one of those toilet paper tubes and you're like you're in a garbage can.
But I'm not talking through a toilet paper tube at all.
I'm talking directly into the microphone.
Are you wearing that huge aluminum derby that picks up signals from the inside from deep in the core of the earth?
How did you know?
Because if you are right now, you're in danger of making some airplanes go to launch.
You're in the wrong way.
Oh, maybe I should take it off.
Are you steering?
Yes.
Or are you just surfing along?
No steering.
I'm steering.
Huh?
Steering.
Huh?
Steering.
You see, he can't hear me at all.
Reference tank.
He cannot hear me.
Well, I don't know what to how to.
Sounds like a little.
Dave, is it true that you can't hear Princess?
You can't hear Princess Weave while she breathes heavily?
Well, no.
She sounds like a mouse having a fit.
Well, she always sounds sort of.
I am a mouse having a fit.
What's the big deal?
Did you ever try and raise rabbits and then like bite off their heads when they thought you were friends with them and stuff?
Only if they were chocolate rabbits.
Chocolate rabbits.
Well, of course.
Yeah.
But when you raise them, you can't expect an awful lot of respect.
They just sit there and they stare at you and give you strange commands.
So why raise chocolate rabbits if they're just going to mind control you?
And speaking of mind control.
Reagan.
Yeah.
What about Reagan?
Was not under mind control.
He was not.
Well, that's like saying Salvador Dali was on drugs.
Salvador Dali was drugs.
Right.
Reagan was mind control.
Just looking at Reagan was mind control.
It had a softening experience.
I mean, a softening effect.
Why do you think those Aero Shirts people hired him as a spokesman?
And Borax, 20 Mule Team Borax.
They knew the power.
The power.
The presence of this great man.
He was a hyper aware man.
He was close to an over man.
He was almost an over man.
But you know, he fell a few pubic hairs short because the anachronism, or not the anachronism,
the acrocontinism, the machinism.
The incontinentism.
The incontinentism.
The incontinental drift that Reagan was trying to get at was to reveal the secret of the
horror of his so-called wife, Nancy.
A creature, not a human.
Right.
Not even a decent actress.
But a thing.
A creeping repellent thing from beneath the hollow earth.
Repellent.
You said the right word because we're getting close to the real word.
Was he married to one of the lizard ladies?
Was she reptilian in nature?
We see the slanted inside eye, or what do they call it?
The slanted Irish?
The slanted nether eye.
Yeah, the nether eye.
From which came Patty and other grotesque.
Which was collected.
Which had gangly, were connected grossly to her pineal gland and gave her the power of
subliminal ejaculation, proofreading in the dark, and also making Reagan levitate without
any other misunderstandings with the furniture.
Well, in that respect though, he was way ahead of Carter.
Yeah.
Who couldn't do any of that but just be a simpering nice guy remembered for nothing
more than no terrible disasters.
Well.
How sad.
How sad that we.
To be remembered for nothing ungodly horrible happening under your watch.
Except that alone to some people was horrible enough.
The nothingness under Carter was to them.
They wanted another Reagan back in there.
Well, if you go back in the days like us old fellers do, and think of the times when you
actually could.
Carter killed rabbits.
There were wild rabbits attacked Carter and he wanted how he dispatched them with dispatch
with an oar as he stroked his oar.
They died.
I know.
Well, that's that's an ancient history though.
I guess kids probably wouldn't remember the time Jimmy Carter was attacked by a wild rabbit.
Well, Jimmy Carter was also accused of having.
A swimming rabbit.
Lust in his heart all the time, which is an awfully painful place to have it.
You have to have either, you know, centered in the groin area or you can have, well, you
know, I suppose you could have it in your feet too, but you cannot have it in your heart
because you're not going to be able to eat any spicy foods.
You're not going to be able to run or whistle.
It's it's hell on earth.
And this is where we're all now.
We're all in hell.
We're well, and they're trying to make it make us feel like it's all a big amusement
park ride.
Yeah.
Oh, it's just a ride.
Oh, it's supposed to be this way.
Yeah.
Oh, just accept it.
This is the way life is.
Step aboard the genocide.
Take a ride.
Take a ride.
It's a ride.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just like pirates of the Caribbean.
You go by each scene of over the last hundred years.


Of man's in cruelty to other humans and so forth.
And you know, it's like a old two sides wax museum.
Only everybody gets whacked.
It's I like that idea, but I don't remember what it is.
Hello?
I thought you guys were sleeping again because I'm remotely viewing now.
I have my my practice manual and uh, geez, I don't know some of this stuff.
I don't really understand.
What's the nebulous?

I've heard of war goes or got me do somebody like looks like he's holding his ears with
his whole fist.
Could that be from the government or people down the street?
Huh?
I don't know, man.
I don't know.
I've been getting strange commands from the appliances again.
I mean, I told it like go to the bathroom.









I put joy and I want it to create a normal life.
But how can I do this?

It's like going into the bathroom together very, very up in the
don't like you're in about the same boat as most bad about three quarters of the Americans.
They're calling this show and starving.
And I gave me a rodent.
Why I mean, okay, I say some of them by choice, but other ones are, you know, forces on me.



Hey, look, this is not
Yeah, you are sorry
You have-nots make me sick
We have-littles are so much better than you have-nots
And have-littles, very-littles
We have some
Why, we're almost as much as those who have a fair amount
Now, you better watch how you use that term, we
I think you ought to have a political wing in your church
We do, patro-psychotic-anarcho-materialism
Every yard of kingdom
Of course, I think it should be
It should spring forth like a thousand purple flowers
So, are you going to run for office now?
Is that what you're saying, Dave?
No, I'm going to run officially for officer
Yeah, yeah, yeah
You're like all the other griping protesters and have-nots
Yeah
Yeah, you just want to tear things down
When you don't have anything to put in its place
Praise Bob
Tear down the world
Oh, we're going to Eden, brothers
A world without care
Where slack is everywhere
Yeah, I don't believe it
I don't believe you're offering mankind
Or womankind or anybody
Anything
We're offering them eternal salvation, Dave
Yeah, you don't say that
We're offering them slack
We're offering them a promise
And a bunch of highfaluting, high-sounding words
Lofty words, lofty thoughts
Feelings
We help them build up a feeling
That there's meaning in the world
That life is worth living
Yeah, it is
Uh, no
We are offering a bunch of
A lie
A lie
A lie
Yes, but you see
Because we admit that we're not living in the world


That it is all bogus and lies
That makes us the one true truth tellers
Well, unfortunately
That we're the only ones you can trust
That's kind of true, unfortunately
They tell you the truth about all the lies
It's not our fault
That we're the most honest liars in the world
It's like we didn't ask for this
It's not our
It was
Bob held a gun to our heads
And said get out there and start selling and lying
But isn't it like being the handsomest, squeakiest, singing pig
On the block
I mean, who cares
So you've dispensed truth from the vial of lies
And you've dispensed lies from the vial of truth
Come on, folks
I mean
I mean
I'm confused by it
It's not heartless, Randy
I know there's some heart there
And I know there's a great deal of some sort of
Twisted mind
But I'm
The core leaves me
Still not understanding
After all these years
How many years has it been now?
Oh, it doesn't matter
I know
Of two minutes, a thousand years
What's the difference as Bob measures time?
We are but moats
In Bob's eye
We are as hangnails in his fingers
We are as tiny bamboo shoots
Nailed up under his toenails
To make him confess
We are but hand lighters
On his tiny evacuating chair
Next to the precipice
That's got all the bad currents there
It's a bummer, man
It's gonna be a bummer, man
That's what Bob said
He said it was gonna be a bummer
Was he right?
Or what, man?
We are like Icarus
Without wings of wax
When we fly too close to the sun
The wings
But aren't we forgetting something, Dave?
Aren't we forgetting the promise?
The promise Bob holds out for us of X-Day?
The escape vessels and the end of the world
Of the others and so forth
Or at least a big party out at Brushwood
On July 5th
Yeah, man
Well, not all the things
But, you know
When the lawnmower goes across the carpet of the earth
I, I, I, you know
When the lawnmower goes across the carpet of the earth
I'm hoping that
Well, that should be in about a month, right?
If Bob's prophecy doesn't hold
If you got it right once, you know
If for one time
You know, of all these times
How many times has it been?
It was 95, was it the first?
No, no, 1990
Those were drills, Dave
Conspiracy calendar 1998
Yeah, we had some drills
And then it turned out
All the other subsequent ends of the world
Were just end of the world drills
But
So, the Jehovah's Witnesses do that
And they've got a huge kingdom hall
Right down the street from here
These, all kinds of
The Hindus have predicted the end of the world
And they've got
They've got those
Yeah, they've got those teams of singers out there
Tapping those little bells
And boy, lots of religions predict the end of the world
And the coming of a great messiah and all that
And then, you know, everybody's let down
But does that stop the believers from believing?
Does it stop people from giving money?
Does it stop the government from
You know, from not taxing?
Does it?
No
These religions, all they get that
They keep getting on
That, they get that great break
From all the governments
As if they were doing some sort of service
Predicting the world
Ending over and over and over and over again
Yeah
How are we any different?
Actually, I guess we're not that different
You know, you convinced me
We should have raised
You convinced yourself
But you just convinced me
I did?
Yes
Because
All of a sudden I saw Dobbs
The, the immaculate salesman
As
I mean, look
Any of these churches
And these other religious groups
You know, I mean
Jesus Christ is just a salesman
And he's taking your money
You know what I'm saying?
Well, but no
Jesus is the son of God
And can give you eternal salvation
Bob can, is not the son of anybody important
And can give you eternal salvation
Or maybe he can't
But if he doesn't
He'll give you 90 bucks
As a recompense
Well, anarcho-patriarchal psycho
Soon as you go to the subgenius office in hell
And apply for that triple money back thing
And you're not going to get any money back
In no time at all
There'll be some delay
As they process the paperwork
It is hell
Well, yeah, there's usually a minor
Three-week delay
In at least getting the paperwork across
You know, some of the other desks
Right, and a week in hell
Is a little different from a week on
Or on, well, on earth
The hell plane one
Or earth as we call it
It's a scourge
A little longer
Yeah
A little longer there
But, you know, it's not something
That a human should worry about
Or fret their pretty little heads over
That time goes on
As it goes
And you will receive your money back
Yeah, that's what
That's where the faith comes in
You just have to keep having faith
That's the miracle that happens
Every single day
Someone somewhere has faith
And that itself is the miracle
Yes, and they have a thousand faces
All painted differently
With funny bird nostrils
And the big, big, big, big
Tiny yellow mite that's growing
From their head
Well, you know, folks who have
No faith at all
Should check out www.subgenius.com
On the internet
If they're interested in finding out
More about it
I can't encourage you to do that
For any other reason
Than just to further your knowledge
Of these curious things
Anyway, Dave, the show is coming
Is shuffling
To an end
It's kind of
You know, it's crawling
It's puffing and puffing
Its way to Bethlehem
To be reborn
I get so excited
When I hear the
Subgenius website
Now you're talking about slouch?
Yes, the hour of slouch
Slouches its way
It's sloughing off
Westwardly to Bethlehem
They're sloughing off into the sunshine
To the distant heavens
And the best
The three wise acres
Pulled their little tiny muckies
Down the road in a donkey shoe
I'm sorry
Smurde-lacking down the road
As far as I've ever heard before
The best laid plans
Of mice and men to get laid
Go off the gangplank
Of stray all the time
The finest plans of moose and booboos
As always, don't remember to forget
Which came first?
The chicken or the egg?
Tell them this
Just tell them
I never had my eyes
Or my prefrontal lobes
Poked out by egg
Well, we'll
And on that note
We'll go back to Dr. Howell's discussion
He actually answers the question
Of which came first
The chicken or the egg
Thank you, lonesome cowboy
Thank you
Thank you very much, Reverend Day
Thank you, Day
Thank you, Princess Weedy and Carnation
Yellow inner lining
Dispose of the rest of the inner
Including these two
In the necks and the crop
A sack that may be empty
Or full of food
Located under the skin
Just at the base of the neck
You could give it a little snip here
And there you go
Oh yes
Keep the egg-making machinery
Of any old hen
Including the rope
That developed the eels
Delicious
And proof that the bird
That went into the stool
Was home grown
And the next thing you knew
I'm sure the bird itself
Would have grew
Eee!
Some kind of power option
Now don't worry much
About chicken disease
Just clean out the litter and the run
And disinfect the house and furniture
Twice a year
And you should be largely problem-free
Or yourself and your family
Dispose of any bird that looks ill
If it's plump, you might as well eat it
If it's scrawny and wasted
The bird could kill you
At a varied, unsaid agreement
As just to how much
It's worth

With a stake through its heart
And a sprig of garlic in its beak
Before we all
Well
People, you know
You know
There are people you know
That are relatively normal on the surface
But they still have this kind of
Anti-establishment thing of theirs
Have to understand
They stand by just in case
The simple truth
Just in case our continent
Got to one of those places
But anyway you do it
Where you can't get out









Whether you buy a starter bullet
Or if you make your own eggs
You can look forward to eggs and poultry
With a flavor
Or certain force
Of sheep-like behavior pattern
In your supermarket
Peanut, peanut, peanut
Peanut, peanut, peanut, peanut
Peanut, peanut, peanut, peanut, peanut
Peanut, peanut, peanut, peanut, peanut
Peanut, peanut, peanut, peanut, peanut
Oh yes dear friends
This music in the background is by Norrell Preff
We heard a little cut up there
Peanut by I.M.B.J.R
Before that was Dr. Howell
Puzzling Evidence
And Don Joyce from Negative Land
Taking over the Puzzling Evidence show
When Puzzling Evidence was near
Philo and Hal Blathering
Friends this is
The subject of
The Genius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack
Happens to be number nine hundred and forty seven
Huh
And uh
Uh who?
A-ra-ra-ra
Oh baby you're mad at me
If we wish to have positive experiences in our lives
We have to keep our conscious mind focused
On positive things
Positive events
Positive circumstances
You are even trying to push your own normal
Actually sunny клиíll
Bye bye
So sorry Romeo
album Legacy.
Reverend Jim Ryan
on that. They were
got a Grammy nomination
for that album.
Oh.
We have to change.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Right.



Right.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.
Looney Tune by Noral Pratt and the Viet.
A brief, uh, respite.
And now, uh...
Ready, one, two, ready, go.
Thank you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
