It's not a radio show at all.
No, no, no way.
It's a map! My God, it's a map!
And now, the subgenius hour of swag!
That's too bad, fella.
Like the fruit stand that turns into a filling station.
But the footprints and signs from the past are everywhere.
They've been fighting over this land ever since the first Spanish missionary
showed the Indians the benefits of religion, horses, and a few years of forced labor.
The Indians had it right all along.
They respected ghosts.
Memories are like that, as unpredictable as nitro,
and you never know what's going to set one off.
Like the clues that keep you on the right track are never where you look for them.
They fall out of the pocket of somebody else's suit you pick up at the cleaners.
They're in the tune you can't stop humming that you never heard in your life.
They're at the other end of the wrong number you dial in the middle of the night.
The signs are in all those old, familiar places you only think you've never been before.
But you get used to seeing them out of the corner of your...
...eye.
And you end up tripping over the ones that are right in front of you.
And some days, I just feel like I've been bombarded by bozons.
And some days, I just feel like I've been bombarded by bozons.
And some days, I just feel like I've been bombarded by bozons.
What are you doing, Dad?
I'm developing a compound that, when applied to the soles of shoes,
keeps gum from sticking to them.
What a wonderful gift to mankind!
Hon, what are you gonna do today?
I'm very busy.
After I rake a perfect crosshatch pattern in the pea gravel in the driveway,
I'm going to change the air in the spare tire of the station wagon.
I'd better make some sandwiches.
Maybe you've just been sitting there all this time,
waiting, wishing, and hoping against all hope
that you would live long enough to experience, at least once more,
a lady's heart.
And just once, that fabled event which truly is...
Dockstop.
Ah, yes.
Just when you thought that the church had breathed its last gasp
and that Bob went down for the last time instead of whipping it,
you thought you might never get another chance to groove on down the backside of reality
while stoking on your fine fropster with your best beach bunny rolling blood.
The proceeding was judged politically, and, in the end, it was a failure.
It was politically incorrect, and...
Against Federal Bureau of Demonology...
Photo op!
Wow, these photo op things, they keep running down!
Why don't you put in another loophole card!
I think, well, that fixes it.
So, anyway, you and all the other subjects may gallimate...
Uh, come on, Dr. Howe.
...sprended on stop trains.
We have been hearing, of course, about what's been happening in the New York City subway system.
And I believe that I have Bob Dobbs, who is with the New York Transit Authority, with us.
Mr. Dobbs, can you hear me?
Hello, Ted. Are you there?
I'm here. You tell me where you are and what you can tell me about what's going on or what's not going on.
It's an honor to speak with you. Thank you for taking my call.
We would ask, we're down in the subway tunnels, we would ask everyone to remain in the cars until the power is restored.
All drivers should cut their power until instructed by their supervisors to restore that power.
Things are quite chaotic, as you would imagine there, Ted.
Wait a second. I understand what you're saying, and I wish I could think that what you were telling me was somehow getting to those people.
How are you getting information to them?
They obviously can't watch television, can't hear it on the radio at the moment.
How are you conveying this information?
We have a wireless radio telepathic system set up for communication.
One of those drivers we use interconnecting radios and so forth.
Once the power is restored, I would ask everyone, pretty much everyone in the town, if possible, to log on to thankyoufortakingmycall.com.
That way they can get instructional video and audio clips and various things to help them through this state of emergency.
If people begin to wander around the tunnels, they may uncover certain reserved areas.
For example, where Beauty and the Beast might be waiting there.
But we want to make sure that everyone logs on to thankyoufortakingmycall.com during the period of time after the blackout.
Immediately get onto that site and download the video and audio clips as an instructional measure.
Yeah, all of that sounds a little bit pie in the sky at the moment.
What are people supposed to do at the moment?
You're talking about people staying on the trains.
We've been hearing...
The transit authority workers have been escorting people off the trains.
I mean, that's what they're supposed to do, isn't it?
Well, that's correct. That's correct, Ted.
And I'm afraid that the problem here is that you're not listening to me very closely.
What I'm asking is everyone to log on to thankyoufortakingmycall.com.
What about penis? Is penis a bad word?
No, penis...
Only depending on how it's used.
Just as it is in life.
Right.
In the law books.
It can be...
It is bad depending on how it is used.
It can be used for good or for evil.
I shall go before the United Nations and demand that they accede to our total and absolute control.
I think he rolls his own.
Please be serious.
The final...
The final...
The final time.
The final...
The final...
Finale?
The final...
The final days.
Hi, me.
The final days.
The last moments of our existence on this benighted, besotted planet.
Amen, it's like all over.
I can smell spoiled milk from horizon to horizon.
Yeah, I get that too, yeah.
I see the birds flopping and twitching.
They're dying.
Yeah.
The birds are dying.
Yeah.
The birds are dying.
Yeah, the dying are weird.
Charleston was just asking whether we thought, what we thought of the state of democracy.
And I had to say, I didn't think it had ever existed yet.
Well, it's like asking about the state of grace.
When does it ever really exist?
It was a state of insanity, state of Ohio, state, state, God is a state, dog is a state.
Why does there have to be these dividing lines, these walls, these signs, signs, everywhere a sign.
Breaking up the scenery, freaking my hair.
Boy, I had my dendrites and my pockmarks all rubbed down for this engagement tonight.
Wow.
And I still can't think of anything but like the letters I've been getting from Bob Dobbs.
What?
I've been getting correspondence.
Not bills?
Not bills.
I've been getting very, very cynical, anti-me, anti-
No, Bob.
Why don't you go jump off a bridge?
Why don't you remove one of the eyeballs that are obstructing your real vision, you know?
Not from Bob.
That doesn't sound like our Bob.
Well, when the pink foam is coming out of his mouth, I think even you jump inside.
Yeah.
No, man, not the pink foam.
Not the cotter.
Were there cotter pins or gelatin involved?
No, no.
Because that's usually a bad sign.
It's just a little bit of what he called hermaphroditic cerebral fluid or something that comes out of the spinal tap.
Or that area near there.
Well, so he's, Bob is in a state of bum-didness.
He's mad at me for some reason.
I don't know why he's mad at me.
I don't know what.
He won't even speak to me.
Well, he's, I don't know if you'd call this a language.
Well, he owes me so much.
Is the reason why I can't get him to return any calls, I think.
He owes you his very, very existence, if you ask me.
And I think maybe that's one of the reasons why he's flopping me.
Well, now, Dave, see, you're venturing into heretical territory.
You know, some people like to say that man made Bob.
You know, that since there was no Bob, there had to be one that man made Bob.
But to me, that's a heresy.
That's a heresy of all.
Bud, we welcome the heretics.
You know, we'd love to hear from them.
We'd love to get their names, their addresses, their phone numbers, any embarrassing information about them.
And send it right off to Langley or to Fort Meade for the composites that are being made nowadays or nowadays.
We'd also like to have your, if possible, we'd like to get your cranial size so when the refitting takes place, we don't have to, you know, go to parts stores and stuff.
Hey, remember when we used to joke about the conspiracy?
Yeah, I was.
We used to joke that there was this conspiracy.
It was funny, then.
Of.
Well, we would describe it as the normal people.
But really, we always said that there were these elite super normals, rogue subgeniuses that twisted the minds of the poor normal cattle by using the media and so forth.
And cattle products.
It was so funny.
The psychic cattle product.
It was so funny, you know, because, you know, we were making fun of conspiracy.
I used to laugh and cry myself to sleep.
It was so funny.
So funny.
Cartoons.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
It's all true.
Oh, so funny.
Shut up.
Unfortunately, the mirth has kind of dried up like the vagabond wind around us.
Yeah.
The sci-fi parables like 1984 and Brave New World of the various different kinds, those were just, you know, warning parables.
It's not like anything like that could ever happen.
Or has already happened and is seeping beneath our prods, our cattle prods.
It's already happened.
It's already happened.
What we're most afraid of is it getting worse.
Right.
We can't even really remember how good it might have been.
Well, if we think with our third nostril, if we push back on the sinus areas behind our third nostril,
we can not only get a good idea, but a good sizing, kind of like the way if a tailor was to make a pair of hats or something like that,
and he was pandering to an electric crowd of infidels or some group of people that were intent on taking over.
He's taking over his thoughts.
But we don't have that.
It's not impossible for one to control another's thoughts.
I'm sorry.
Is it possible?
It is possible for one to control another's pots.
Duh.
Don't you feel like your life has been pretty much controlled by your income from birth to death?
Yeah.
You've had a pen.
It's called your income.
That was the cage.
How big is your cage?
It was never very big, was it, Dave?
Yes, I know how that is.
It's a small pen to run around in.
But we're not veal yet.
That's for the next couple of generations.
Are we venal yet?
No.
The people will be true veal when they're really satisfied to stay in their little boxes,
to go from one box to another and never, ever see the sky.
I'd never put it in pancake batter or anything like that.
It's like soy sauce.
I'd never see a butterfly coming true in my own lifetime.
In your own backyard.
The special effects about the future were so much better than I ever expected the future to offer.
I know.
But that was the only thing that got better.
Everything else got sort of cruddier in a way.
I remember the 50s.
It was great if you were a white guy.
Little kid.
Middle class.
In America.
It was great if you were a coyote.
Not from a broken home.
Well.
Oh, wait a minute.
I just kind of pretty much X'd out.
Pretty much everything.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So if you were really, really lucky.
If you were really rich.
A senator.
Like in the McCarver Trouble Committee.
If you were rich, the 50s were great and the 90s were great.
And now it's probably really great if you're rich.
And I got to admit, as a have-not, I'm jealous, bitter, angry that the haves have and I do not.
I'll admit that.
I'll admit it, too.
I'm jealous of Jonathan Demme.
Jim Jarmusch.
I'm not jealous of...
Guys like you.
Terry Gilliam.
I identify with...
But what I'm saying is, it's not as...
You know, I was about to say it's not fair.
But like my sister said, fair is where you take your pig and hope you win a prize.
Now ain't it?
Yes, that's absolutely true.
And sometimes bacon soon ensues.
And that's the case here.
And are we not offed the bacon ourselves?
The human bacon.
Aren't we the suet and the flag from which this earth is created?
Aren't we the...
The...
The...
The...

the lower, lower, lower creations that the higher mind forms into its stupid mold.
And here we are.
Right.
Are we like the parasites upon the skin of the higher mind?
The over mind, the over bob?
Of course we are.
We are always taking what is of the parasites.
The lock and the warp, the twists and turns.
Indeed, from an ecological point of view, the human race is a virus.
It's a...
It wipes out other species.
species. We're embarked on a vast
new extinction campaign
now, whether we want to or not.
I mean, it started with
those nice, natural Indians.
Well, who gets the antidote?
The nice, natural Indians or us people with
no hair?
In the end, what does it matter?
For are we not but specks of
tiny, tiny motes of
brief flickering consciousness inside
a great, tumbling
barrel of nothingness with a few
little planets here and there?
An expanding and contracting consciousness.
Yes, yes, yes.
As they re-enter different bodies.
Now, on the other hand, we could
eat a bunch of
mushrooms or take the pills
and feel connected and
interconnectedness of all things that's real
as long as you are good and
high. But you know,
then your 30 days is up
and the bills come in.
What's that rumbling? That deep, deep
rumbling I'm hearing.
2.6 billion.
Yes. Ding dong.
Yes, one can wax
philosophical and
as Hell Pope Huey was saying
on Alt Slack, words are bricks.
Because I was bitching about how most of these people
never do anything, they just talk.
He said words are bricks. And you know, a subgenius
can crap a lot of bricks.
But they have no right to build a house until
they can stand on their own two.
As we prove here.
Whatever those things are.
We build our own house using our bricks of bull.
Our bull bricks.
Crab made bricks.
Mixed with straw. We'll build our house.
We'll build our ship. Own Amsterdam
and then own spaceship out of
out of Adobe.
Made from crab.
Eat us.
We will cast away the wolf.
Leave him at the door where he belongs.
I always
understand those parts later when I hear the
tape. I was just, you know, like
the three little pigs. I imagine
them as kind of like Ulysses.
And some other spiritual traveler
looking for freedom, conquest, and some sort of spiritual enlightenment.
It's so hard to see those things when you have to have your crew
lash you to the mast and blindfold you and plug your ears.
Because of those silent babes over there singing,
trying to get you distracted.
And get you to pull and to not even bother to vote.
Yes, that's what it is.
They're trying to get you to stay home and watch MTV instead of going home.


Bring Ulysses to the mast.
Alas, till there.
And those are the ones that hate Bush the most
is the ones who won't get off their butt to vote.
Well, they don't necessarily hate Bush.
The ones who are distracted by the sirens.
They do, but they're distracted.
They hate George W. Winfred.
High pooky, left wing,
right wing, armpit Bush.
Well, that's what you would think
hanging around the street
and the people of such
and the lowly workers.
But if you're around office worker types,
it's a whole different world.
That's contracting a little bit.
I'm sacred scribe of the church of the subgenius.
And almost everybody that I have to deal with
is so liberal and left
that it makes me feel like Rush Limbaugh
by comparison.
And I'm really kind of a bleeding heart pinko myself.
Well, you don't want to compare yourself to anything.
No, I'm actually a patriopsychotic
anarcho-materialist.
I'm actually a turntable.
It's all silly primate politics.
I know that I'm right
and everybody else is wrong
because I'm a subgenius.
I was granted that right
by J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the living avatar of slack
on this planet,
this benighted planet Earth.
That man, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
who sold for us,
who walked that hot pavement,
who sweated in the polyester suit
and who sat in the board meetings
of the high conspiracy itself
and for what?
To get rich, to get powerful
and to sell.
To start his church of the subgenius
to inspire us.
Even Dave,
that lost soul over there
muttering into his coffee tub.
The link between good nutrition
and Heidi Tubbs
is clearly demonstrated by Heidi Tubbs
with the State Department of Pyramids.
We invite you to start tomorrow.
Heidi Tubbs is not a real woman.
Put me through to the actual commander in chief.
Heidi Tubbs is not a real woman.
I must be head of W4 Warrior.
I must be head of W4 Warrior.
I want his nose.
I want his ear.
I must smell his hand.
Give me the number.
Take no notice if he begins to levitate.
It's a common side effect.
Anyway.
12, 30, 43, 30, 20, 37, 49, 30.
6, 6, 6, 8, 6, 8, 8.
So, so, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch, stretch.
Hi, Erica.
Hi, Lisa.
Why do you say you feel trapped in a man's body?
Well, sometimes I get the menstrual cramps real hard.
The, the, the, the, the, the, the.
If they're not killed, they'll take over the earth.
What?
What?
It would be so bad if it wasn't so funny.
I mean, it wasn't so funny that you were hurt.
It wasn't so funny.
It wasn't so funny that you were hurt.
If only it wasn't so funny that you were hurt.
You can laugh at, laugh at his pain.
Nice job.
Nice job.
Nice job.
Nice job.
Nice job.
Out, out, rock out.
Glove out.
Dry out.
Hang on.
Diamonds gleam.
Uh-uh, bye-bye, boing-boing, star-star
Sing hell, no-hell, triple-T
Hell, hell, pow-pow, box-pow, noble-pice
Tangle defiantly
Uh-uh, live on fire
Weak, sell, struggle, miss, sell, steam
Sell, sell, pow-pow, box-pow, hill-hill
Live, how, mangle, die in peace
Uh-uh, drive, drive, bye-bye, car
Take will, trouble, cripple, stream
Weak, sell, trouble, trip, trouble, steam
Weak, sell, struggle, miss, sell, steam
Take will, trouble, cripple, dream
Creep, creep, creep, creep
Used up arrangement in heavy row
Rotation fabricate
Creation in an attack
Formation, lord, I'm pulling in
Attack in a created fabrication row
Tidding heavily in an arranged composition
Out!
Trouble, gun trouble, from trouble to trouble
Kill the pilot, bring back
For, dramatic, true, wise
Cool, god, race, race, to count time
Time being, ding, ding
Out!
Trouble, run, double, novel
Use trouble, better, fight, loop, things
That, bo-ting, pathetic, rude, blood
Cool, god, lace, ice, true, trap, rhyme
Prat, ding, ding, ding
Out!
Trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble
Never, blue, tire, rain
Blah, mo, ting, black, black
Jewel, hot, fool, fool, price, price
Lose, lose, mine, mine, bling, bling
Jewel, hot, fool, price, price
True, time, time, being, being
Fruit, robot, tool, life, fruit, life
Sing, sing, jewel, love, life
Fool, price, lose, buy, buy
Bling, bling, bling, bling, bling, bling, bling, bling
Used up arrangement in heavy row
Rotation fabricate
Creation in an attack form
Formation, lord, I'm forming an attack
In a creative fabrication row
Rotating heavily in an arranged composition
As he fought like a chicken
Watching his save
��
A problema
Like a blatant
Impale
The finally

Out!
Shown!
Right dark good evil circuit tree
Shown!
Two, three, four
Shown!
Shaving, feeding, eating, help, cheese out
Grown!
Sight, bark, chun, leave, help, search and drink
Grown!
Gun, shoots, green, horn, baby, beely, beast, death, squeeze out
Blown!
White spark, bone, evil, circus, freak
Blown!
Through, through, door, crazy, preemie, defect, seize
Baby, see the EFG, baby, beely, freak, death, squeeze
Crazy, preemie, defect, seize, please, say, please
Composed of derangement and heavy rotation
Fabricate creation in an attack formation
Lord, I'm mad
Forming an attack in a creative fabrication
Rotating helpfully in an arranged composition
Composed of derangement and heavy rotation
Fabricate creation in an attack formation
Lord, I'm mad
Forming an attack in a creative fabrication
Rotating helpfully in an arranged composition
Rotating helpfully in an arranged composition
These are your fictional dogs
Look at them babbling like little children
Their minds totally disconnected from the world around them
Look at them, they seep in their moon pants
And diapers like the elderly
And yet they make as much sense as that common monkey
Well, quite an uncommon monkey, really, aren't you?
That uncommon monkey was, uh...
An artiste, that great artiste was Black Loud
One word, but not Black Cloud, Black Loud
And he just sent this CD to us
Which you open it up and there's an out of focus picture of a hippie inside
And I guess that's him
And then there are some bizarre scents in there
That he sent you
Some odors that you didn't want to describe
Because you said they were so repugnant that you cried
Like a little baby
Well, that happens a lot with the mail that we get
Well, you know, in your job, I think you should be able to take it by now
People sending you feces and parts of their arms
For those with tape recorders, that's P.O. Box 344 West Sand Lake, New York 12196
Sand Lake, I remember the massacre at Sand Lake
Yes, yes, yes
Sand Lake
While we're discussing such things
What's this rumor going around that you're selling submarine sandwiches now or something?
Or are you selling sandwiches?
No, that's the church of the subgeniuses
And we're selling souls to the highest bidder we've collected over the years
They said you have a sub-site
Almost 25 years
I thought you bought Gumpy's down in Coventry
They said you have a sub-site or something?
You're selling meats and errands of buns?
On, uh, on...
For those interested in subgenius artwork, there are some new galleries on the subgenius.com website
Which a person might look at artwork that is...
I like the way they did Tina's eyeball
Well, I can't even begin to try to describe the artwork of Heart Ignition and I.M.B.J.R.
And the wrapped out snake with three kidneys
And I also might mention, for those who hate to read the insanity of alt.slack on the internet
It's been somewhat de-insanitified in that Reverend...
Herpetic Soar
Herpetic Soar
Mrs. Salacia, the overseer, helped me edit the subgenius forum, alt.slack, down to the best, juiciest, most disgusting stuff
So there's this whole giant online magazine that just blew into existence today at subgenius.com

Well, talk about it
Calm down!
The Picassos are...
I mean, I was going to talk about the brilliant art worms that are found there on the sub-site
The burl-colored art worms and the giant concrete gorilla sculptures
Oh, those are beautiful
That are available there
Yeah, they're kind of po-buckery
Well, you can't live in them
Let's be frank, let's go ahead and say it like it is
It's low class
It's trashy
Yeah, but...
It's trashy, but yet it's cool in a sort of...


It's sort of a retro bull-dotter undercranked way
I would put a flanky old flamingo in front
And I'd put like, perhaps a...
Somebody carrying a horse or something behind
And I would live there
As long as I could possibly live, I'd draw my air there and anything else I could draw
Yeah, but Dave, you're kind of a parasite on society in that respect, aren't you?
Well, how can anybody be a parasite on society when society itself is a parasitical force?
Nothing!
Which feeds off the body politic of nature
Which sucks the very source and soul of the essential being of this planet
Bright Lucifer shining!
Schooled by Satan!
Sorry, I don't know whether that was part of the old school rhythmic training
You're scaring me, and you're scaring all the listeners too
What do you think you're doing?
All this talk is frightening talk
I'm gonna play another spin on it
Okay, this is a spin on it
And another platter
I should have taken a nap
This must be taught
They can't learn
There's only five people listening and they're...
I don't know what they're after, I really don't
But I do have some great music here from Kings of Feedback
Wank My Whammy by the great Reverend Bill T. Miller
The only subgenius who was ruptured on X Day, by the way
Yep
He's gone
He's gone?
Yes
Don't let him shoot you
Absolutely not

Actually a乳 limit

No ha ha
Oh I do have something interesting right here


I wanna whack my women to the strings
Quick up the beatbox, blast the megamix
I'm gonna stomp my stick
Overdrive the bass in your face
Until your speakers explode
Bass it, pump it, pop it, thump it
Thump it up nice and greaser
Low take, high take, big love, fuss face
It's all finger licking good
Grinch it up, baby
Show your love
I'm gonna slam it in your beatbox
I'm gonna whack my women till the strings pop off
Gonna jack it in your ear till you scream for mercy
Gonna tweak my new drive to the mothership
I'm gonna whack my women till the strings pop off
Big Leia!
Big Leia!
Big Leia!
Rub my Johnson with a battery
Rub my Johnson with a battery and watch it

Weecha!
Straight up, stripped down, spinning the remix
Got my twelve hundred dollars, carry on down
Scratching the vinyl, slamming the beat
Melt the groove, the crank and the heat
Go slam it in your beatbox
Gonna whack my whammy till the strings pop off
Gonna jack it in your ear till you scream for mercy
Gonna treat my mute rock to the mother shit
Say you need it
Go slam it in your ear till you scream for mercy
Gonna ten and a half, get a shot
Gonna fight it killed to death

Go slam it in your ear, don't stop on the beat


We just go slam it in the fucker's ear
Double track it and rock it
Rhythm〇50
It's Bill T. Miller dear friends.
There's a ton more kings of feedback
at BillTMiller.com
calm.
Okay.
And also assisted there on Bass Drum
by Built Like a Woman.
It was an action, but it is
a man with one eye.
Is the T in Bill
T. Miller, Bill the Miller?
Is that right? No, it's Bill T.
As if, you know, like you
were some sort of
Lovecraftian
avatar, like the
lower forces or something, like you were the
Jesus of the dinosaur
Antarctic frog people or something.
Oh, speaking of which,
I have to go see them in Austin.
We've got a devival at a
pagan. There's pagans in
Texas now.
They were hiding when I lived there,
but now they've come out and they're having
some sort of thing near Austin.
The High Spirit Alliance.
I wonder what that means. It's a yearly
anal thing that goes on there.
My friend told me about it. He said,
I went to the hippie thing in Austin
and I made fun until it was fun.
It was actually fun for him.
But, you know, he's easily funned.
Well, I am too, generally.
Yeah, I know you are.
I have several old buddies down there.
We'll check it out.
We'll wrestle some longhorns.
You know, the pagans there do rodeo.
Wrestle longhorns to the ground,
hogtie the cattle, that kind of thing.
It's part of nature.
It's the Samhain
bullfight.
Yeah, like the Minnowan Rites. You know, you get the bare-naked women.
Yeah, bare-naked women and the bulls.
And Minnowan Ancient Crete.
The Minnowan Brain Eaters.
I think, no, they're not going to be there.
What about the Sarcomas from Greece
or just the regular old Cretans?
Yeah, the Cretans will be there for sure.
And the Rainbow people.
I love the Cretans.
That's the worst band I've never heard.
I used to watch them
very, very silently at the bus stop
until I got arrested.
Stop watching.
Oh, speaking of the anal event,
the third or is it fourth
anal frock cup is happening
in Amsterdam in November.
And they're actually bringing
us out there.
There's a whole slew of European...
We're trying to save
souls over there in Europe because here in
America there is no slack.
But there's still a slight
hope for slack
for the penniless
common subgeniuses
there in Europe
because they're better pickpockets.
Basically, most of them.
They're more desperate.
And so we'll be at the
butt pipe
and the butt cup in Amsterdam
during the...
So you're plugging the butt cup.
The frock cup.
Right.
And then there's Hamburg in Germany.
There's a frock cup in Hamburg too?
The fast food festival at Hamburg in Germany
will be at that.
And in London
at the Foundry
and in Brighton.
At the beach.
At the beach.
Covered in sand with little umbrellas.
In November.
So that'll be like freezing.
Yeah, that's the way they have to do it.
You know, they...
Subgeniuses in Europe are not allowed indoors
in most places.
Indoors?
Right.
And they have to stay outdoors
because, you know, like...
Porcupines.
The same laws that apply to cattle
apply to subgeniuses
in most of Europe.
Do you have a copy?
Well, because of the mad cattle.

And the cow disease,
it turned out the vector was
the church of the subgenius.
And they don't want that to happen again.
Insolent, insolent vector at all.
The cows that had
that had been touched by Bob,
shall we say.
Tipped.
In the night by J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That was how the mad cow epidemic started.
And so they're not...
It's like we can't use our real names
when we go into the country.
There's all this silly customs crap.
We have to...
Well, it started off simply enough
as a disgruntled cow effect.
A disgruntled cow festival.
You can hear them in the background.
There's the disgruntled...
And they weren't that really mad.
They were just kind of, you know,
talking about things, saying,
hey, have you noticed?
The Borborygmes.
That was another great band.
Pygmies actually wrote these?
Cow Borborygmes.
It's in the bellies of the cows.
They're not really groaning.
It's just they have indigestion.
That's how somebody said
that the first album
Doctors for Wotan album
sounded like that.
So cows are growing indigestion
or indigestion is growing cows?
I'm missing something.
There's indigestion in the cow's groins.
Oh, yeah, we all have that.
I mean, how can a cow have a groin?
Well, it's down there, you know.
Okay.
Yeah, and we can't talk about down there.
We can't talk about what's down there
because, you know, there's all kinds of cows.
Special and bad and good
about down there.
There's a thousand breasts
like a goat with a thousand breasts
that suckles its feeding
and its needy
and its greedy
I worship it all.
Each of those breasts
one after another.
Oh, what a goat.
Oh, what fine cabrito
is possible.
Some of my finest books
from down there press.
Cabroot, cabroot, cabroot.
Really?
Yeah, that's the goat sound you make
when you're making it.
Oh.
And it's not a panic sound, really.
It's more of a sound of like
of a huge ship
going down.
Or perhaps just, you know,
the engine stopping
and everybody
en masse shooting themselves.
Like a gurgling and screaming.
And the pimple.
Uh-huh.
Some people shoot faster
and some people are just, you know,
when the gunfight at the O.K. Corral
is over, they're not, you know, there.
Right.
I don't know.
Remember that the first injections
they gave me
caused all the chafingness
in the side of my head.
And then when they started
giving me the blue stuff,
the next thing,
you know, stuff was dripping
out of my nose.
Right.
And that'll leave the patches then,
the blue stuff.
Yeah.
So like I'm patching
and I'm dripping at the same time.
Right.
And I don't know what to do about it.
I talked to Nurse Normal.
And Nurse Normal says,
well, I just have to wait
until I get out of here
so I can get back to normal.
Well, you know,
don't always go by
the advice of nurses.
Sometimes nurses
can really, really mess you up.
So you think she's trying
to run a scram on me
or she's trying to keep me?
You never know.
I mean, just, you know,
look into her eyes.
Check her out.
Well, as you know,
she has no real eyes.
She has those red glowing things.
Oh, right.
Yeah, she's model 47.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
I forgot.
They get aggravated
when they get
toot whistle disease
and then, you know.
You know, in that case,
it's really,
that's a tough judgment call.
Really.
Yeah.
I've tried it.
I've tried slapping her.
And I used a golf club
on her one time.
But she just didn't seem
to respond
in any kind of positive way.
She just kept on instructing me
and instructing me
and destructuring me.
Well, you know,
those are textbook methods
for addressing it.
I don't know what else
to tell you.
You know, you've done
the main basic, you know.
How about molecular shift?
Something like that.
You think that might work?
Yeah, you got a point there.
Yeah.
If I can only get her
to sit on the toilet long enough
and get the lights off.
Right.
And then, you know.
And then with the brownie mix.
Yeah, well, that's what,
that's how you lure them in there.
Right.
Yeah.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
It's been so long,
a long time

This ain't been enough to let me come back
I bet you're so lonely, baby
I bet you're so lonely
I bet you're so lonely, baby
I could die
People talking all about
About the way you left me flat
I don't care what those people say
I know where that jive is at
One thing I do have on my mind
And it terrifies me too
The way you call me another guy's name
When I try to make love to you
And you, and you
And you, and you
And you, son
Oh my God
You, you
I, I, you, you
You, you
I, I, you, you
Yeah, Cleveland
How about Cleveland?
Cleveland?
Okay, okay
Cleveland has been cancelled until further notice
Sure, it's a nice town
Yeah, but...
Hey, everybody.
An old man's talking.
That's me.
His number is 13013.
He also has an email address.
It's, uh, uh, at, uh, uh, dot org.
That's, uh, uh, uh, dot org.
I see it, but I hardly dare believe it.
You can believe it.
The Yeti have taken vengeance into their own hands.
Strong fish.
Come over now.
Oh, Mr. Brave Baby.
There's shaking in my head.
This is soft.
I think...
It sounds like the wind is blowing.
This show is making me feel a bit queasy.
It's not a violent strain.
Don't worry.
He'll live through it.
You know why?
He may not withstand the fever that comes later.
Oh, man, I was dreaming I was in the bakery.
I was eating pie.
You know?
Like, all of a sudden, man, I could see my own, my own brain, my hands, you know?
It's like I was eating my own brain, man.
I know it wasn't real.
I mean, I know it's just something I...
Strange idea.
I'm sorry.
I could, like, eat or just took something too many times.
He stuck in his thumb and he pulled out a plum and he said...
Flash.
That's just it.
American Nazi Party rules the earth.
Don't take it out on me.
That wasn't supposed to be funny.
Now get your head out of my pants.
Come on, stand back there.
Get some...
Mr. Brown shirt.
Oh, yeah, well, that's a big deal now for you.
Out the circumstances.
Then you cannot go out.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Don't you know that the stars up above are running off?
Oh, no.
Little girl, don't you know that they're blinking at you?
Now the sun can sunburn you, but not as bad as the worst.
Oh, people do.
Yeah.
Oh, what you find out in the circumstances?
Can I go out?
Oh, yeah.
Little girl, don't you know that the stars up above
are blinking at you?
Running on love.
Little girl, don't you know that they're blinking at you?
Now the sun can sunburn you, but not as bad as those.
Oh, people do.
Yeah.
Oh, what you find out in the circumstances?
Then you.
Then you.
Then you.
Then you.
Then you.
Can go out.
Oh, yeah.
You can go out.
Captain Beefheart.
The great Captain Beefheart from Clear Spot.
Great album, Clear Spot.
Oh, wait.

Our, uh, we have, we have here.
What was it?
There's a lonesome cowboy Dave.
There's a polished weasel.
There's a, there's a frankincense bug.
And Princess We Are Doe has the frankincense bug.
Put that up to the mic a little closer.
One part bergamot.
One part slag nostril.
What, what do you think about this evening here?
What do you think?
I, uh, I've been having a hard time keeping track of the various, uh,
You like being on the radio tonight?
Dave, let him talk.
Do you like it?
He is talking.
He's pure.
He's unsure.
I thought she said she was pure.
Unsure.
You know, that's a very bad thing.
She was when we got her.
Of course, everyone is defiled after a few short moments, but, you know, some of us try
to keep it.
And, uh, the princess is a creature of antiquity.
Uh, 50 million years, at least in age.
That's me.
Well, as the sun slowly slips, uh, a slip knot around its neck and begins gagging and
puking as she goes.
And the, the blood vessels constricted.
It's harder and harder to get air.
And then the, uh, it's time to say, you know, there was something important that I wanted
to get across to the, uh, before we got off the air.
Sue it or like blanket fudge.
They're not, we're not, we're just being oppressed.
No, you didn't want to say that.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Well, no, I can't remember what I was going to say.
I was distracted.
I know what you wanted to say.
It was about sub site.
No, I did say that.
We discussed that already.
We just saw was discussed.
The impertinence of the common Claude.
Co are they pertinent to have?
No.
Oh, you had a boss groove going on.
There was something about having of getting off your ass instead of just griping and complaining
endlessly for the next four years.
You can do that on your ass.
That's right.
You can complain endlessly about your ass.
No, but it was like the, the, the, no, instead of complaining instead of complaining or along
with complaining, it was something you could do register to vote and then vote.
There's a website that to own and turned us on to.
I can't kind of fully remember.
That's the masturbation site.
No, it was young naked.
Women were invited to show their vote by writing it across their bare chest.
Photographing that and sending the pictures in brilliant idea.
Of course, part of this because I had those automatically get a lot of yes.
Nipples talk and uh, uh, I think a three out of four were, were, were wanted carry and
the ones that wanted Bush weren't even nipples.
They were those miscreants.
Well, they were supporters, but not of end of Bush, but they're all the wrong kind.
It was just awkward to even talk about.
Because personally, I don't believe that, uh, they, I, I feel that the best way to overcome
the conspiracy is to make yourself stronger and try to pay, try to just stay away from
them.
My friend, isn't there something about two nipples in hand beats one in the bush or something?
Yeah, but nothing beats three nipples.
Antiquity 10 million years, at least an age.
Yes.
And the storm has driven the Yeti out of the high mountains into the old palace.
That is not good.
If the Yeti cut our contact with the outside world, it could mean a slow death to the village
and to us.
I thought Sir Edmund Hillary proved that Yeti or the abominable snowmen don't exist.
That's true, but sometimes native superstitions are just as powerful as scientific proof.
Looks like a Yeti convention.
Seeing as how you know everything, what's the scoop on this Yeti stuff?
They're also called abominable snowmen.
They have feet that point backward, scream like a banshee, and are invisible.
Well, if they're invisible, how can anybody see a Yeti?
No one has Yeti.
Oh, come on.
It is the cry of the Yeti.
The Yeti.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Only a Yeti could bring on such terror.
There must be something we can do about those monsters.
You know, I'm for going on a Yeti hunt.
No, I'm not.










It would only further arouse the Yeti.
You lie with the Yeti.
There are enough Yeti outfits and supplies here to equip a small army.
The terrible snow creatures have come out of the high snows.
It is the cry of the Yeti.
The Yeti.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.

Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Nub.
Oh, can I get that info at subgenius.com?
What other news is there?
Fastenbulbous.
That's right, the mascara snake, fastenbulbous, also a tin teardrop.
Bulbous also tapered.
That's right.
That's right.
And, friends, this has been an unusually long episode of the Genie and the Mermaid.








surreal hour of slack number 963 that was all live in fact it was some of it was so surreal
I had to remove some so we'll fill up the last five minutes with some live recordings from the
Starwood Festival of 2004 yes what is frop that's a question asked by many young drug
fiends who assume they hear subgenius is talking they go they must be talking about real good pot
you know what's in Bob's pipe what must be pot no well we do use frop sometimes as kind of a sad
pathetic when somebody gets some crappy dirt weed who it's trying to frop man you know it's just to
make you feel cool real have a frop zip you lops that's the name of the plant is mara phase of
Lupina have a frop zip you lops it grows only in Tibet
and only during the moon full moon it blooms during a full moon and it only grows on the
graves of Tibetan holy men or on the droppings of the Yeti of the Himalaya so this is some powerful
shit if you if you ever do any frop you'll know because it won't wear off and you only need to
do it once it's the opposite of crack you know you the one hit is we'll do it but it's not for
free and I'm still waiting to come down I it kind of gives you a headache that's the only they didn't
mention that it gives you a headache the last a year but you don't come down so you know if Bob
tries to sell you some you're probably not going to get another chance to go ahead and try it there's
some people who have allergies but what anything else
has deep cafes fear


God everything already I yeah back there I heard the Heaven's Gate people have no answer to the Sl neue As minesinal
The Heaven's Gate Bin A sorcerer is he managed a man I started to have aaffen siteieder radi when the
having a woman and being former I was killed anyways I don't think they all did my friend was really glad I talked her out of going seriously managing peopleauencecHz perker
do I have any similarrenchцы I don't have any subjects Church nói ngκ stain and people for Rum to hear that that conversation did was causing you privilege are friendly his nieuw handles that are very much
gonads so that you could concentrate on God you know because sex and fun distracts you from
holy things like I guess pompousness and uh uh yeah self-delusion so you know then sex yeah we do
remove brain cells rather than removing your nuts you're already nuts we remove uh brain cells
every in fact people say the rupture didn't happen the aliens didn't take us away actually they take
a little bit away every year look Al Gordo's hair was removed most recently I lost my memory one
x-day some people lose their morals some their virginity hair and teeth are the most common
so yeah Bob removes something you don't get out for just the 30 bucks we do have ministerships
by the way and you really can perform marriages as a subgenius I've performed a legal marriage
from this very stage of of two women it was legal in the state of New York because one of them still
had the word M or the letter M on their driver's license Pope S Lilith a subgenius married the
guy who was actually a male now Lil is pretty much full she's grown quite a bit she was showing off
her new acquisitions at x-day a growing girl anyway anyway that is all and if you need more
which you certainly will come back next week or write to subgenius at a box 181417 I'll give that
number again friends by the way this is now the end of the show thank you for watching and I'll see you next time
the only p.o box to use for subgenius foundation biz wax that's p.o box 181417 Cleveland Heights Ohio
44118 yes praise
