.
Cut me some slack.
Slack?
Didn't you say slack?
Mm-hmm.
Captain, sit.
It's safe.
You want to talk about slack?
Push harder.
You have to.
Do not give up.
Do not give up.
Do not stop.
Don't quit.
I don't care.
It's just pain.
Suffer.
Dig.
In your soul.
Dig and push.
Now.
Now.
Now.
Now.
Now.
Now.
Now.
Now.
Now.
Bob was a boxer, a hoofer, a vaudeville performer, and a Broadway headliner.
Before his work in radio.
I'm Bobby.
I'm Bobby.
I know.
I know.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Bobby.
I know.
I know.

I know.

Yeah.
Can you take a one-up second?
Already there.
So many things going on there.
Bob did the right thing.
He folds and puckers and oozies.
Oh, what's going on?
They've recently had babies.
Now Bob's a fine family man.
Every, you know, in and out.
So they're a little, yes.
Yes.

A little stretched at the moment, darlings, aren't you?
Yeah.
Yeah.
A little slack.
Mm-hmm.
Take your family out.







You know I will, Bob.
Oh my goodness.
And.
Ooh.
Yeah.
Just take a break like that.
Oh, it's like a.
That's, you can tell.
Like a milk jelly.
This is ready.
To be with my boyfriend, Bob, again, my heart like skipped a beat when I saw him.
Like really, truly.
I love him so much.
We have just received an exclusive video from inside the house proving that the people inside
are not cultists after all.
Uh-oh.
Uh, attention everyone.
This has only been.
The Self Genius Hour on the Web.

We're getting classy.
We're getting classy.
I love the classy subgeniuses because they offset the me.
So you've got a poem to read or recite?
All right.
This is a poem that I wrote about my experience at X Day last year.
I'll do my best.
I'll do my best to recite it from memory.
No.
You're just going to have to listen harder.
The subgenii all went to brush wood.
And we smoked all the frop that we could.
We chugged wine and beer hoping this was the year that Bob and the Xists made good.
We drank away all of our cares.
We sat round fires and folding chairs.
We awaited escape.
But instead we got rape.
And rape and rape from dogs and bears.
Now down in the cool brushwood glades.
From our asses hot semen cascades.
Rescue we expected.
But instead got infected with herpes and dog and bear AIDS.
Sold out again by J.R. Dobbs.
July 5th morn rang with our sobs.
Stang laughed and smirked and said,
That's it jerks.
Now go back to your worthless pink jobs.
So we packed up our liquor and drums.
Heads hung somber and glum.
Smoked the last of the dope with a glimmer of hope.
Next year Bob surely will come.
I don't know if anybody knows it but there's like a bonfire down there across from Caffeina's.
This whole time that we've been doing this there's been a little bonfire just for us.
They're going to make one every night.
Wisteria, I wasn't expecting it but Wisteria's going to make this little community bonfire.
Yeah, praise Wisteria.
Praise Wisteria.
I can do a little tiny rant about Wisteria.
Wisteria, this land that we're on right now used to be a strip mine.
A totally raped and raped and raped and raped.
A great strip mine for more than seven years.
More than seven years.
And the state of Ohio put a million dollars into making this land into this beautiful land that we're getting to be in now.
So we really can't even express how amazing it is to be here and experiencing it.
Especially with such a warm and welcoming crew of folks.
That greet us here.
Make us feel so welcome.
So I'm just so happy to be here.
I know everyone else is too.
Yay!
I think it's the best day, X day ever.
And I'm actually going to do a public announcement for Elliot.
He's running our sound.
Yes!
Back there, that guy.
Thank that guy back there.
Elliot, praise the sound guy.
Praise!
Without him, we wouldn't be able to have sound this good.
Did you hear that echo?
Echo!
That's right.
Echo, echo, echo, echo.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a track next from our new album, All Rights Reserved.
And this is with Jonathan Colton on vocals.
And it's called Pwn Monkey.
Jonathan Colton's the only one that gave us permission to use his vocals.
Yeah, this will be the only one we can use.

Actually got permission to do something with.
Well, granted, we didn't get permission from the other 36 songs that we sampled for this under three minute song.
But, you know, that's just how it goes, right?
It's Pwn Monkey, people.
Yeah!
All right!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Code monkey get up, get coffee.
Code monkey go to job.
Yeah!
Code monkey have boring meeting.
Boring manager Rob.
Rob say code monkey very diligent, but his output stink.
His code not functional or elegant.
What do code monkey think?
Code monkey think maybe manager wanna write goddamn login page himself.
Code monkey not say it out loud.
Code monkey not crazy, just proud.
Code monkey like Speedos.
Code monkey like tap Mountain Dew.
Code monkey very simple man.
A big warm fuzzy secret heart.
Code monkey like you.
Code monkey like you.
Code monkey hang around that front desk.
Tell you sweater look nice.
Code monkey offer buy you soda.
Bring your cup or ring your lights.
You say no thank you for the soda,
cause soda make you fat.
Any way you're busy with the telephone, no time for chat
Code Monkey have long walked back to Cusico
Sit down, pretend to work
Code Monkey not thinking, so straight
Code Monkey not feeling, so great
Code Monkey like Beatles
Code Monkey like Tad and Mountain Dew
Code Monkey very simple man
Big, warm, fuzzy, secret heart
Code Monkey like you
Code Monkey like you
A lot
Basically, this is called Code Monkey
Or rather, Cone Monkey
As it is on the all rights reserved
All rights reserved
That's our rights
Of the Evolution Control Committee
This song and all the other songs on it
Have a contest
A commentary track
How many albums have you had before with a commentary track?
For the whole album?
We've got it
If you get the CD worth
And you can find out all the stories behind this
And so many more
And we have CDs available
Check with us after the show
Or tomorrow at the Roach
Code Monkey have every reason
To get out this place
Code Monkey just keep on working
See your soft pretty face
But Shroud away
Got to eat a coffee cake
Take bath, take nap
This job fulfilling
Your creative way
Such a load of crap
Code Monkey thinks someday
He have everything
Even pretty girl like you
Code Monkey just waiting
For now
Code Monkey says someday
Somehow
Code Monkey like Fritos
Code Monkey like Tad and Mountain Dew
Code Monkey very simple man
Big, warm, fuzzy, secret heart
Code Monkey like you
Code Monkey likes you
Code Monkey likes you
Code Monkey likes you
Code Monkey likes you
Code Monkey likes you
Code Monkey likes you
Yes dear friends
And welcome to Hour of Slack number
1,320
And that was
Evolution Control Committee
Recorded live at
X-Day Drill number 14
Before that we heard
Princess Tadeo
We Are Doe, talking about Wisteria, the history of it, the site, the incredible, really, it turned everything, went great.
And before that, the poem, sorry I had to cut that for the broadcast radio audience,
the poem was by Hazel of the Windmills, Reverend Hazel, who also is playing sitar in the background on our main background music that we'll be using tonight.
Boy, I can't wait to witness her new sitar next year. It's fabulously amazing.
Yeah, well, I don't know if you knew this.
Some people who are familiar with X-Day and Star Trek...
Ken driving up the road that evening, that was the first night, Wednesday, and everyone, wait a minute, something's wrong.
It was supposed to be X-Day. This doesn't sound like X-Day.
It was Potter and Settle.
Oh, yeah, Potter and Settle and Petal.
And, of course, we also have with us Dr. Dave.
Dr. Do-Nothing, a coat monkey that's so blue, his rectum is fried and ready for you.
So here we go.
Let's not...
Stop.
I'm removing part of my forehead now. You want to watch?
I'm sorry.
I was inspired by the poetry.
What? Your forehead popped?
I didn't know you could even hear the show from Ashtabula.
Yeah, I didn't either.
If you go to WCSB radio.org and you play Listen, you can do that, but it's out of sync if you want to call somebody and hear yourself a half an hour later.
Right.
That's one reason we don't take calls, because I don't like having...
I don't like having to explain that over and over again.
Oh, man.
And to so many people, too, after you just explained it to three blithering idiots in a row.
And then you have to go once again and say, okay, this is how it works. There's a delay on this.
Well, we had a whole festival of blithering idiots.
Actually, this is the first time we've been in the studio since we left for X-Day in Starwood.
How was your X-Day, Dave?
It was not as planned as usual.
Back when we were...
Well, it was...
Back when we were...

Everybody kept saying they'd see you drive by.
And I'd go, well, where's Dave?
And they'd go, I think he just ran into town for something.
He drove by with an anxious look on his face.
Yeah.
And looking for a place to go to the bathroom.
But...
Oh, there were plenty of those.
We called them sweat lodges.
Did you actually have sweat lodges?
Yes. They were also doubled as porta-potties.
Ah.
And...
And then the...
Yeah, you just sat in there and sweat.
And then the sun...the sun...what do you call it?
When they put the things in your breasts and...the bone in your breasts...
Oh, yeah, like the Sundance. It was like a Lakota Sundance.
Yes.
And you're receiving illumination over the John, which is where it should be.
Believe it or not...
That's real extra meditation right there, boy.
I...I know. I had to deliver a buffalo skull to an authentic Lakota Sundance.
I remember I had to deliver a buffalo skull to an authentic Lakota Sundance in Rosebud one time.
But I...I didn't...they asked me to film the Sundance.
And at the last minute, I decided that I would have my assistant, who was a tribe member, do it instead.
Because I wasn't part of that religion.
And I felt like I was just being a washi-chu poking his nose in.
Well...
Well, unlike the...we had...there was a whole camera crew at X Day shooting in 3D.
The producer was a subgenius who had been to X Day before, Reverend Edmund.
I remembered him from the first time he came two years ago.
And the director, Paul Yates, has a long history of punk documentaries.
Anyway, they're trying to make a movie.
About...not about X Day, but about how influential the church has been over the last 31 years since pamphlet number one was published.
And there'll be more about that on subgenius.com eventually.
I can't wait to see the baptism in 3D.
Even though they shot it mostly from behind, you'll still get the sort of...a lot of rounded shapes.
You know how Reverend Stang loves it.
Yeah.
He loves those rounded shapes.
Yes.
In some places they're referred to as humvees.
Well, they're still rounded.
Humvees.
You know, back at the old place, the baptism was held in a swimming pool.
But at Wisteria, you have a swimming hole.
An actual pond, a natural pond, although they...it's filtered water somehow.
But not a cement pond.
It ain't no cement pond.
It's a real live pond.
It's a real live pond.
It's a real live pond with frogs and little alligators and an ancient, gigantic, ageless snapping turtle called Old Sequa.
Even the Indians knew of him.
And no one's ever been able to catch him.
We talked about him a lot.
But I was amazed.
People got in the water.
We had a great turnout.
And even at the baptism.
Even with the 3D cameras pointing at everybody.
Mm-hmm.
And...
How many head would you say did you rearrange?
Say what?
How many head did you barbecue or rearrange this year?
As you like to...
How many head?
...final your words.
How many head of what?
Your attendees, your...your...your latents of genii.
An even hundred, Dave.
An even hundred.
Well, that's the...yeah, that was the paying ones.
That didn't include the elders that...see, you wouldn't have been included in that number.
The sickies, the elders, and the superstars, and the groupies aren't included in that...that
number.
So we probably had exactly 112, I would say, would be my...my closest guess.
Well, that's a firmly...a dense, firmly packed pack, and capable of causing some nuisance.
And I'm still editing all the recordings.
We got two recordings from different ways of everything.
Including the baptism.
I was just talking about the pond.
Don't you want to hear the...just about a...see, about two minutes.
This is Susie the floozy getting baptized by myself and Dr. Howell.
Now, you have to imagine a...a...a country swimming hole with a lot of frog watchers
standing around.
But also, there's already a lot of young men and a few young women in the...in the pond
when this sequence here takes place here.
We'll pull the...
And Sequa is watching.
Right.
And there's a lot of real frogs.
Yeah, now listen, don't...don't interrupt, because you want to hear every splash, because
they represent...Susie was wearing this incredible shroud.
It was like a wet shroud contest.
It was pristine.
And she looked so good.
There's pictures on subgenius.com, but here, listen to this.
Oh, yes!
All right!
Who is next?
Look, if we get...moves will take moves.
Keep going.
It looks like we're getting wet.
It's got to be kind of evened out.
I'm here for the wet shroud contest.
Just like something out of Brother Where Art Thou.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
This is where we...I hear the hymns in my head.
Reverend Susie the floozy.
A real shroud in the church garden.
Damn!
He can do it too.
First, it was worth coming to Ex Day, wasn't it?
Reverend Susie the floozy, you've been in the church since 1981, when it only cost $10
to join.
30 fucking years.
And you have built such a crust of sin upon you that it's hard to imagine it being possible
to wipe it away.
Chiseled, maybe.
And yet, and yet, in these holy waters, made holy, by the way, by the word, Bob, and the
P of Connie.
I can be cleansed?
That's the warm part you feel.
It's not me.
Are you telling me I can be cleansed?
You can...no, you can be encrusted further.
I can be made whole?
You can be given an even thicker crust, a shell of pure, pure sin.
Kevlar sin.
But only if you reject all aspects of the conspiracy from your life, and your heart,
and the other, the down there...
You're whole.
Those sort of things.














And, and, and, except into them, the mighty rod of strength, and the, the, the steely, burning,
hot love of J.R. Bob Godds.
Praise his name.
Fuck you!
All right!
I'm saved!
I am saved!
She is saved, and I am saved.
By God, look at that stuff.
I'm saved!
I am saved!










She knows how to do it.
Well, by now you must have gotten some idea how this works.
So come one, come all.
We've got a lot to...
It sounds very holy.
I mean, it does sound very holy, if not sacred or even.
And I can see two white buns emerging from the water, and red hair on the other side
of it.
So I guess as a visual image, there's some things, though, that you aren't mentioning,
aren't there?
I mean...
Uh, say what?
Lots of big, soft rounds of water.










Lots of things.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
In fact, there were...
God...
Yeah.
Yeah.
There was some that were a little bit too young and soft and round, and we later learned
this pagan girl jumped in.
She wanted to be baptized.
She wasn't a dues-paying subgenius, but we weren't going to turn her down because she
was completely naked and incredibly beautiful.
And then we later found out that publishing photographs of her would probably be illegal
because she was a lot younger than she...
And that's the way it always goes.
A lot younger.
The train comes in a lot quicker than the passengers, you know what I mean?
Next thing you know, you've got your picketins, your iron feds, your policemen, your people
with the strange masks that come down and stuff, and look like there are toothpicks
there or something like that.
At least that's something I don't have to worry about.
If they came right in my office looking for child porno, they'd...
After three years of...
After three years of searching all those hard drives and CDs, they'd end up going,
I'm not this pervert.
We can't find anybody under 45.
Yes, but within the...
He's in his own ageist.
But within the current conspiracy scenario, the way it is, you must admit that they would
find pictures of you and your children perhaps playing with Mr. Froggy or doing some of the
strange...
Oh, yeah, yeah.
They'll arrest you for pictures of your kids in the bathtub.
And I'll be...
I don't have any.
Listen to Pisces in the background chanting.
Or it might be Princess Wee.
No, Princess...
I think that's Pisces.
That's Reverend Stick on the bongos.
And I think it's that...
I thought it was Mickey Mephistopheles or Phaeton on the drums.
Who's doing that delightful Hindu jam in the background?
That's Reverend Hazel of the windmills playing sitar, which was new to X-Day.
Oh, man.
That was, you know, that's nice.
We had some...
I know.
That's why I say people didn't think it was X-Day.
They went, what's...
This is all wrong.
The music's pretty.
The star would start early.
But Bob still didn't come.
No X's.
Well...
No end of the world.
We don't know whether Bob was there or not.
Apparently, he's still trying to tell us something.
Drive into town to get vegetables, yeah.
But it was a good X-Day.

You know, I was getting so bored with the way things were going.
We had had 15 of them out there at the old place.
And sure enough, we still had some of the traditional features like Dr. Dark's drive-in
and the pancake orgy.
But we had new ones, like the all-night grindhouse from Reverend Fightsy Taj.
It was like all day and night you could go into this area and watch the...
It was the absolute worst.
Old blaxploitation movies.
And plus the, you know, coming attractions stuff.
And let's all go to the lobby kind of things that went with that period.
And it was a real happening place.
Because it was in the Green Man Tavern where there are chairs and tables that you can put
your beer on.
There's a Green Man Tavern there?
There's a cafe.
We did our live hours of Slack from the stage of a real nice cafe.
Oh!
And there was a side table, all the sales and registration and everything at this place
where not only could you eat, it wasn't junk food.
It was really nice, you know, home-cooked meals that were reasonably priced.
Well, you know, it just sounds so much like it has so much more character with a green
man there and a sequoia turtle in the incandescent pool filled with phosgene.
And there's the people lighting...
I'm sorry, what?
There's even a turtle mound modeled after sequoia.


And there are mounds probably within 20 miles there of the actual Hope Lower Dena culture,
right?
They actually have mounds that they've built by hand on the land at Wisteria.
They were imitating the original turtle mounds.
Yes.
They have an ancestor mound too, but I don't think they had many ancestors because it's
not really big.
But it's in a great stone circle, which is where we held the 7 a.m. event where we wait
for the saucers.
And aside from the saucers not coming...
That went great.
We had a record turnout.
And I decided since I had this camera crew telling me where to stand all the time, and
I decided, okay, I'm going to handle this one differently.
I'm going to do the entire 7 a.m. waiting for the saucers routine with a video camera
plastered against my face, and I'm going to run from subgenius to subgenius and interview
them.
But that sequence is going to take...
I've got a lot of great material to play on this show, but because of the cussing of
our congregation, it's going to take intensive editing before I can make broadcast versions.
In fact, I'll have to do at least one show that's just internet only.
They are indeed the bluest gang of foul-mouthed wretches and wrenches in the entire universe.
Well, I'm one of the worst.
Any ex-day, any revival.
You just hear the sound of the saucer.

You hear the ordinary chatter.
It's just consistent with so many words that...
Right, I have to do a lot of cutting of what the audience is yelling.
Now, in the background, the music, the guitar there is by Reverend Frodo Suds Shaw.
Pushaw.
Pushaw.
And get this, he and Priestess Pisces got engaged this ex-day.
And guess who they told first?
No, one day director.


They're going to do a graduation marriage?
No, no.
It's just like they're going to...
And they'll probably do the wedding next ex-day.
But it was so romantic.
And on top of that...
Oh, I'm glad I missed that.
I mean, I'm sorry.
Suds not only played great guitar, but he made a golden statue for Dr. Leguim as a Bobby
Award called the Adolf.
It was a really nice sculpture of Adolf Hitler.
You can see that on the sub-site.
Well, Leguim, if you look at the Leguim's...
I'm sorry I laugh when I hear the Fuhrer's name, but it's not his real name.
I know, but if you look at Leguim's YouTube channel, you'll see why he got that.
And the episodes also did a painting.
Well, it's not hard to figure out with his demeanor.
And also Papa Joe, I'm sure many people were frightened by his rather...
His Nazi uniform?

Yeah.
Well, it's funny.
When Bob was being burned...
You know, we always burn an icon of Bob, but in this case, it was a very realistic
Bob robot.
A robot-looking thing that...
I mean, it was like...
It really looked like Bob.
And once it was set on fire, it really honestly looked like a burning man being immolated.
Wow.
It was made in such a way that the eyeballs would roll out of its head.
And it had a kind of a flare smoke bomb stuck in its third eye and in its neither eye, its
bottom rectal eye, you might say.
So that as his skeleton...
First, his clothes were burning, his flesh was burning, but his soul was escaping through
these red flare rocket things at the top and bottom of him.
Well, how do you know that?
Because I was there and I was filming all of it and narrating it.
But again, I was there.
And because of the constant cussing by the audience in the background, I can't play that
section tonight or on YouTube.
But eventually, it will be on there.
By the way, we've just changed background music to one of the other bands who was there,
Cult of Zier.
They also sound very nice.
Z-I-R.
Z-E-I-R?
Z-I-R.
I-R-Z-I-R.
Dr. Zeronius is the...
I-R-Z-I-R.



He's the cultist behind that.
And he came all the way from Portland.
Portland.
Yeah, this is Cult of Zier in the background.
Portland, Maine or Portland, Mass?
Mass.
I mean, or Portland, or...
Portland, or...
Princess, what is wrong with your microphone?
I tried a different one, but this one is apparently...
There's two of them over there, right?
That sounds pleasurier than my phone sounds.
I thought it was microphone number three.
Yeah, that's weird.
We've...
It's like...
The mics all go through the same line, so it's the line that's the problem.
Let's just see if this one is any better.
No, it's not.
It's like there's a limiter on it that's...
It's not what sounds like an angry bee.
Or perhaps like the fly, the original fly.
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
I'm thinking of the original fly.
And he was trying so hard to explain what was happening, and it sounded like that.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.

Meow.
And it goes perfect with that cult of Zier stuff.
It does.
It does.
It's beautiful.
He had a funny little animal inside of his homemade electronic noise device.
Well, we've all got a funny little animal in our homemade electronic devices.
No, I mean...
Don't you?
And that's another thing.
There's a photo of that on So genius.com.
We have photos of everything up there.
The animal morphisms of a person's technological instrument.
Right.
What, like a wolverine he became suddenly?
Well, it's like as if, like, say, on Discworld, when they make a computer, the mouse is actually a real mouse.
And the ram is the skull of a ram.
Let's see.
Now we're talking translinguistics.
I can hear your underpants flapping in the wind.
What's wrong?
It's like she's getting worse and worse.
She's getting smaller now.
I don't know what to tell you to do, but we're going to watch.
Well, if you want me on the radio show, I'm just going to have to come right over here by you, dear.
Yeah, boy, Princess Wee's right next to me.
I think it's time for us to cut to a song.
Oh, I didn't mention the beautiful painting that Suds did.
He didn't just do the Adolf Award for Legume.
He did, I'm not kidding, an oil painting or something of Princess Wee and me in the style of American Gothic.
With the landscape behind.
I mean, an architectural.
Well, see, Ray.
The background is just a little different.
Yeah, it's X Day in the background.
It's like the saucers are burning down the farmhouse behind.
And that's not all.
He also did an amazing portrait of Pisces holding Bob's head and dripping an ocean of blood.
Yeah, that's kind of like the main T-shirt of X Day.
I think that's a great T-shirt.
Did you sell any?
I can't say you sold them.
Did you give any and have people return the favor by smooching you on the forehead?
Yes, but not enough.
I actually ended up mailing several of them away as gifts yesterday.
But everybody was giving.
Reverend Heathen cooked chicken and barbecue day after day and fed everybody who needed to be fed.
He sure did.
Wow.
And helped out in a million different ways.
Everybody helped.
Reverend Jimbo, Reverend Scum, who are both ex-military guys.
Did a lot of physical type stuff and moral support.
And it's good to have them around the security.
The Ministry of Slack, which is another subgenius show, but it's not a broadcast show.
They have never been potty trained by going to station meetings or anything.
So they did shows, but they're like constantly cussing because they've only ever done it for the Internet.
Although actually Reverend Sweetness McGee said that he did used to have a...
Oh yeah, a broadcast show at one point.
But Reverend Cynic, of course, was always helping us out.
And Nikki Death Chick and Bob Wild were helping run it.
All the regulars.
And there were new people.
Tons of new people.
A guy named Reverend Fox brought this video projector and he used it to project images on things like trees at night.
And rooftops and clouds.
That's illegal.
So you'd have Dobbs heads.
Well, yeah, of course.
Why else would we do it?
Well, yeah.
This is X Day.
I was so impressed.
And I let him know clearly that I was.
I didn't mean to get in the middle of a family thing here.
Speaking of family things, we had among the many bands, we had some new bands like Evolutionary Control Committee.
Evolution Control Committee, I should say.
Zero Defects.
Boron Nuzzle.
Cult of Seer.
And Monkey Hive was somewhat revised.
We'll be playing bits of all of those.
In fact, I need to play one.
We did have Fat Mandy and Tommy Amoeba came.
And I'm about to play a song by Tommy Amoeba.
And I think you're going to love the lyrics to this one, Dave.
I certainly hope so.
I've got my fingers crossed.
I've been waiting for the last 25 minutes.
And I guess I'll just go with it.
Just enjoy away.
Yeah, this is Tommy Amoeba from Pittsburgh.
Okay.
Dave, I'm pulling for you.
Get ready.
This next song is called You Gotta Say Yes to the Death of T-Rex.
Yes.
Please don't mistake my obsession with death for a death.
Death wish.
I wouldn't wish death on anyone, least of all me.
I've always lived by the motto to die and to let live.
Please disregard this shot.
I'd around my neck.
But you gotta say yes.
To the death of T-Rex.
And that guy in excess.
And whoever's next.
You just gotta make way for the next casualty.
One never knows.
It just might be me.
Just because I sport black clothes and a corpse's complexion.
It doesn't mean I don't live my life.
To the fullest.
You may call me morbid because I sleep in a coffin.
My brain's not dead and buried in some suburban lawn.
Like the pig.
You gotta say yes.
To the death of T-Rex.
And some passenger pigeon with chromosome X.
You just gotta make way for the next casualty.

I have a feeling that I'll make room for the strongest species.
I have a feeling that don't include me.
Oh, Bill!
Oh, Bill!
Oh, Bill!





Oh, Bill!
Bill!
Bill!
Bill!
za-胜
appl
le
feeling no feeling please disregard this shotgun I have aimed at your head but
you gotta say yes to the death of T-Rex and that guy in excess and whoever's
next you just gotta make way for the next wannabe when it's all said and done
I just wanna be
ladies and gentlemen give it up for my husband the one and only
Tommy Amoeba
and my band Bill Sperry Joe Tarowski
Red Bob Tompkins
praise Tommy Amoeba
I just like to say that that boy is
so unusual and original
that I just
I'll give him a big fat slap in the face
and a five
a nine five
you ought to see the costumes
he brings
and he had a new song called
the King of the Flower Men
that I almost played tonight but
he didn't have any instrumentation
for it it's brand new
and you just have to see it
to get it
it's a flower man costume
he's dressed as a flower
he's king of the flower men
he has this giant you know
petals around his head
and he strips
three thirds of the way through the song
he starts stripping it all off
until he's down to his little red white and blue
speedo
speedo yeah
but
oh what a terrible visage
no I've
there's another song that I should play
just because this is the week to do it
and the timing is perfect
well I don't know if you can defeat the only song
or Tom
the question is
the question is
is it too soon
well if it's not too soon for evolution
for everything to end already
for crying out loud
it's not too soon for whatever you're saying next
it's not too soon
it's not too soon
for the church of the subgenius
here is the duke of uke
okay here's uh
here's an amy winehouse song
but really if you wanted to see some fucked up person
ruin an amy winehouse song
you just go to an amy winehouse concert
comedy gold
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music

music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
music
You went back to what you knew, so far removed from all that we went through.
And I tread a troubled track, my odds are stacked, so I'll go back to slack.
We only said goodbye in words, I died a hundred times.
You go back to her and I go back to you.
We only said goodbye in words, I died a hundred times.
You go back to her and I go back to us.
It's not enough that you love blow and I love puff.
Life is life.
Like a pie.
And I'm a penny rollin' round up inside.
We only said goodbye in words, I died a hundred times.
You go back to her and I go back to you.
We only said goodbye in words, I died a hundred times.
You go back to her and I go back to us.
Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack, Slack
And I go back to
We only said goodbye in words
I died a hundred times
You go back to her
And I go back to
We only said goodbye in words
I died a hundred times
You go back to her
And I go back to Slack
Remember, once you've had Slack,
Slack, you'll never go back.
Was it too soon?
That was recorded a little, almost a month ago,
but didn't Amy Winehouse die, like, last week?
Yes.
That's why I would say, to the last two offerings,
I would say, egregious with malice of forethought.
Because in the first selection, were they not, was he not,
speaking of the death of dinosaurs,
meaning the end of a certain evolutionary period.
And if you were a music culturist,
you would assume that Winehouse, being 27,
and have done all the dirty sodomizing
that is done in the record business,
has now reached the point where she's no longer sodomizable,
and therefore is part of the vast quagmire,
the machinery that drips in and out,
and can keep dripping, dripping down.
Well, you know, some of the pagans that were there early for Starwood,
or Wisteria regulars, or not even pagans,
they just weren't subgeniuses.
There was a lot of people around when we burned that very realistic model of Bob.
It was a big bonfire, and there were a lot of drummers.
Well, they hated him, as all do.
No, that was the question.
These girls would come up to the subgeniuses and go,
why all this hate and violence and death?
I don't understand.
And the subgeniuses would, if they were able,

if they were answering correctly, would say,
this is how we free ourselves from silly superstitions
and belief in any magic besides Bob, and even Bob's magic.
We all know Bob's rules of magic.
Start with get off your butt.
We did have some, there was an accident,
Reverend Teeters LaVerge, the author of that agent
and Mr. Dobbs story I've been reading,
as soon as he got there, he had an accident with a bullhorn
and knocked out one of his front top teeth.
So the whole rest of the festival, he looked like a sort of a
Pobucker disco cokehead.
Well, the disco part came from Susie.
She had bought the estate of a fellow that had a lot of greasy sort of tuxedo.
He was a strip club owner that she had once worked for
when she was a young stripper.
And he had 70s strip club owner clothing.
And she had stumbled upon this yard sale of all this stuff.
She even had glasses with the guy's pictures on them.
They gave her the lot, I believe, at the end.
And now he has no teeth on front.
Oh, that was only the beginning of the problems that Teeters had.
He had a great ex-day, but everything that happened after that,
I don't know if he does, Princess Wee,
his car broke down, his family, everything.
All kinds of terrible stuff.
So what else does it say here?
Oh, here was a surprise that I was happy with.
When we were packing to leave Starwood, I was packing up the pulpit.
And on the floor of the pulpit, I found someone had put in
a package of condoms labeled huge.
It's the only word on the whole package.
Yeah, I took that as a compliment.
And so you put them on your head.
Yes.
Oh, and a guy who was a guest at both festivals,
Reverend Joost van der Liege, presented us with a Dutch graphic novel
by his famous artist grandfather that contained artwork
that had somehow found its way into the book of the subgenius.
It had somehow become clip art.
I remember him. He was very famous back in the day.
Van der Liege?
I don't know if the artist's name was that.
But we've got this fabulous book.
Okay.
And anyway, it's like Bob had been part of this guy's life since,
even in Holland, since he was a kid.
Since he was a sparkle in his grandfather's eye.
And now he makes a million bucks telling people what they want to hear.
Oh, telling people how to be happier than they've ever been before.
He makes a million bucks telling people what he wants to hear,
selling ashtrays of Bob with big ears and wearing a sweater?
Come on.
You know that's not the naturalistic real world of which we live,
in the true verifiable world.
This is craziness.
Well, yeah.
That's why we went there.
Oh, and that's another reason to have X Day down in southern Ohio,
is it's only about 20 minutes from Athens, which, not Athens, Greece,
but it turns out to be an incredibly cool college town.
We all knew.
All the chameleons know that.
Half of us went to college there.
But you didn't know because you came from Texas.
Didn't go to college.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, here's something we didn't mention.
During the baptism, this was pretty magical.
When he was rising after being baptized,
Reverend Fox aported a dollar bill out of his mouth.
That's what you call magic.
And this is only folk legend as you can be heard because I didn't get a shot of it.
I heard it was as dry as aluminum sulfite they put on the dog boners.
Yeah, it was like a miracle.
It was a true miracle.
His eyes rolled back and then they couldn't unroll for a while.
Oh, another miracle that was fun.
During the drive-in.
Okay, imagine the stage, all right?
It's roofed.
Hanging from the roof is what we call the full metal Dobbs head.
It's a metal Dobbs head.
But this is an immense stage.
It's really big.
It's like five-foot-high bob hair, four feet high.
Wow.
It's the one we're always cutting our heads on.
We used to cut our heads on it.
It's the lower stage at the old place.
But Reverend Scum got it put up really high.
Yeah, it was up high, but there's a screen that the drive-in movies are being shown on, right?
Well, the Dobbs head isn't exactly in the way of the screen unless you went over to the left and up on a little rise.
And then about every third shot, the bob would become the head from your point of view there in that one spot.
The bob would replace the face of the close-up of the person on screen.
Wow.
So you'd be watching some old, what was it, Big Man Japan or something, and the actor would be Bob constantly.
Primitive special effects.
Yes, very, very primitive superimposure.
Well, that is the wave of the pasture, if you'd like to make cheese out of the issue.
No, it truly is, though.
It is the wave of the pasture.
Taking a number of sticks, perhaps, and trying to create a...
Hydroelectric plant, stuff like that.
It can be easily done if you've got your head in the right, well, I don't know, place.
Oh, the Bulldada auctions were held with a new co-host with Dr. Hal, Reverend Janice Blackseed.
See, I knew her.
Who also did a nice concert, too.
Oh, and he brought out a giant plate of bananas and blow for everyone and did a song about it so that after that song,
everybody was walking around with white powder all around their noses and mouth.
And a string of banana peels behind them.
Yeah, slipping and falling and babbling.
Wow, so they actually got high off the banana peels.
I guess you're not allowed to say that on the radio.
No, don't talk about that.
Yeah, don't talk about X Day on the radio.
If you do bake the banana peels at 200 for a really, really, really, really, really long time, then you're prepared for something.
Okay, I'm going to play another song here.
This one is by Fat Free from Brooklyn.
They've been to almost every main subgenius show in a long time.
And they always seem confused.
They're the guys who give free aliens and parachutes to everyone.
But this is a really good copy of their hit single called Rocket Sauce.
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
Here's an X Day favorite.
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
Oh, not meow mix?
No.
Oh, okay.
I did meow mix for you guys, whoever said meow mix.
We got it!
Give me some lube
Give me some food
I'm coming through
To fertilize you
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Give me some food
I'm coming through
To fertilize you
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it south
Rock it north

Rock it south
Rock it north
I'm coming through to fertilize you.
Rocket sauce.
Rocket sauce.
Rocket sauce.
Rocket sauce.
Oh, here we go.
That is a sticky song.
Boy, that is very morbid indeed.
It's even grotesque.
I don't think so.
I think it's sexy.
Well, I do too, but I think it's perversely sexy.
That's the point I was trying to make.
Because I keep on seeing this pajama party of all these.
Very, very tender young ladies.
Probably from the far west side.
Right part of town.
Whatever that might be.
All sitting around together like smoking milkshakes.
And arguing with each other about the current.
It's pop star and stuff.
And then these big grotesque looking.
Like Harryhausen kind of guys.
Like, you know, come in the room.
That's fairly accurate.
You know, it's just.
I don't know.
They do look like Harryhausen guys.
They look like cavemen.
The show is almost over.
And I'm skipping over Pisces improv.
To play the first song that Monkey Hive did.
Monkey Hive this year specialized in.
They asked everybody.
Hey, do you have a favorite song you'd like us to learn?
And you can sing.
So they never rehearsed these things together.
But I'm going to end.
Now stay tuned.
Because when Fat Mandy's vocals end.
The music will continue.
But this is.
Well, I'll let Pisces introduce this.
All right.
First song that we're going to ruin.
Actually, we'll just make it better.
First subgenius version of a song we're going to do.
Is going to feature Fat Mandy.
And you probably know this one.
Come on, Fat Mandy.
And I encourage you to sing along.
Dead girls gathered in their masses.
Just like witches of like my size.
I'm sorry.
City of Parest Small Town.
Timothy Derrick Menacing Joeartz.
Who was at the personally beckoning the gas rush.
And I got revenge on my
Assdade.
Yeah.
Understand then
I saw my machine keeps.
وق match.
But she keeps turning it all around
Time will tell on their power minds
Taking war just for fun
Treating people just like monsters
Pray till their judgment day comes
Our Lord, yeah
Yes, that's Monkey Hive.
That's mainly Suds Pasha on guitar.
And I think Scotty from the Amino Acids on drums.
Beautiful backup work among the boys there, if you want to call them boys.
Yeah, considering that they never rehearsed this song.
It's like, well, Scotty knows what to do anyway.
And Fat Mandy has been known to sing this song
in her radio.
She's a regular set.
Yes.
But with a jazz band.
Anyway, friends, this has been Hour of Slack number 1320.
Almost all of it that wasn't us blabbering
was recorded live at 14X Day Drill.
Thanks to all the musicians who were there
and all the people who paid their entry fee
to get to come and to the mysterious staff and so forth.
And we'll be doing a lot more of Hours of Slack
that were recorded there
with Dr. H.
Howell and Papa Joe and so forth,
but not Dave.
Dave is here with us.
Thank goodness.
Dave.
I'm in the bowling bag right now.
I'm waiting.
Dr. bill.
Stop
saying
.
Wei gave you a present,
Kobe easy
bracelets,

Okay,
No more war pigs have the power.
And we've got to strike the hour.
Day of judgment, God is calling.
On their knees, the war pigs crawling.
Is she singing about me?
Begging mercy for their sin.

Satan laughing, spread his wings.
I'm Dave.
And with that, we must kind of let things fade out.
I'm going to let the band continue on here.
We're going to have to hang you up with all your hang-ups and all our hang-ups.
Oh, it's subgenius.com.
Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
The Brusco Hour?
No, it's actually.
And that's us all.
Praise God.
Good night, Dave, and thank you.
Good night.
Good night.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.

Bye.

Bye.


Bye.
I'll see you next time.
I'll see you next time.
I'll see you next time.
