Well, Wilma, do you like my little contraption?
It was wonderful, Doctor. I told you it would work.
Well, is there anything else you'd like to ask before I turn off this green ray?
Uh-uh. Let's wake him up and see if he remembers anything that happened.
All right. Go ahead.
All right.
Hey, where'd you come from?
Uh, yeah.
Oh, doggone it. Instead of helping you, I fell asleep.
I put you to sleep with this machine.
Oh, really?
Right.
Oh, my God. How'd it work?
Even better than I expected.
Oh, good.
Oh, it was marvelous without even opening your mouth.
Hey, now, wait a minute.
Oh, I see.
Let's put Wilma under it.
Oh, no, you don't.
Oh, your excitement.
Come on, Wilma.
Oh, I see.
Something exciting going on.
Wait until we start making tests of the new type of gyro-goreage cosmic relativator I've just devised.
Even?
That's right.
Good night.
Thank goodness for that.
Imagine getting into the control cabin, opening the power lever, and going a couple of times around the clock.
Just like that.
Boy, that hardly seems possible, does it?
But, uh...
Uh, no.
As a matter of fact, I...
Huh?
Oh, uh...
I don't understand.
Wait, look.
Listen.
Oh, yes, Doctor.
I hear it, too.
Oh, yeah.
Hear it?
Yes, sir.
But what under the sun is it?
Look, here, out of the window.
Look, there's Wilma.
And it's coming right down this way.
Wilma!
Oh!
Oh!
And now, the self-genius, our old swat.
And now, the Sicilian Union.
We may get an erection soon either way.
But in any case, hey!
I believe in one thing.

We have a greatimonious man.
I believe you'll be over.
Besides, you're the only computer in town here.

Just.
Suck.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Get rid of it.
outburst of street violence. The Federal Reserve is having an effect north of the border.
Canada's central bank could also drive up the value of the Canadian PR News in Toronto.
Police in Philadelphia arrested about 50 mobs responsible for random attacks on Egyptian
President Hosni Mubarak, whose regime cut cell and internet service for days
during protests against PR News in Washington.
Okay, get ready for this.
Okay, just coincidentally, this was his name, Bob.
This is a real person. His name is Bob.
You gotta be effing kidding me.
Bob.
Dude.
Bob.
You pass it through your system and you wash it and you pass it through your system again, bit by bit.
And then you sit on the bed of nails and you wonder, why the fuck am I doing this?
Right.
Cleansing your chakras.
Yep.
I just swallowed.
30 feet of cotton.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I think we have time for one more, and that is Bob.
Hello, Bob.
Oh, hi.
Yeah, I'm high.
I don't think...
I don't think...
Get rid of the loopholes that are out there.
You gotta get the money somehow.
Hey, did you happen to see the most beautiful girl in the world?
And if you did, would she cry?
Crying, crying.
Hey, if you happen to see the most beautiful girl that walked out on me,
tell her I'm sorry.
Tell her I need my baby.
Whoa, won't you tell her that I love her?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I woke up this morning and realized what I had done.
I stood alone in the cold, grey dawn.
I knew I lost my morning sun.
I lost my head and I said some things.
Now comes the heartaches and bone and brains.
I know I'm wrong and I couldn't see.
I let my world slip away from me.
So, hey, did you happen to see the most beautiful girl in the world?
And if you did, would she cry?
Crying, crying.
Hey, did you happen to see the most beautiful girl that walked out on me?
Tell her I'm sorry.
Tell her I need my baby.
Whoa, won't you tell her that I love her?
Crying, crying.
Crying, crying.
Crying, crying.

Crying, crying.
Crying, crying.
Crying, crying.
Crying, crying.


Crying, crying.
Crying, crying.
Crying, crying.
Crying, crying.
Crying, crying.
Tell her I'm sorry.
Tell her I need my baby.
Whoa, won't you tell her that I love her?
If you did, would you happen to see the most beautiful girl that walked out on me?
Can we stop crying here?
Tell her I need my baby
Oh, won't you tell her
That I love her
From PR News in Washington, I'm gushing through coastal streets.
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano is still a force to be reckoned with.
If you receive a warning to evacuate,
millions of people along the eastern seaboard are in the path of PR News.
A moderate earthquake is expected to churn its way along the east coast throughout the weekend.
I'll curl up in a sleeping bag, you know.
It ain't gonna last forever.
It's only gonna be one day.
It's one day out of life, man.

The Justice Department has sued Muslim leaders over allegations of religious bias.
And PR reports Muslims violate a 2000 law known as the Religious Institutionalized Persons Act.
PR News, Washington.
GOP presidential primary hopeful Michelle Bachmann called for repeal of President Obama last year.
PR News, Washington.
April 10th, 7 p.m.
Notes on possible malignant organism.
Overall configuration, that of a human arm.
Severed just below the elbow joint.
Muscle tissue seems to be a sea anemone.
Species of protozoa.
These organs are exactly like human organs, except that they have been replaced by the protozoans.
Of course.
This creature needs the ordinary necessities of human life.
Proteins, fats, sugars, and so forth.
But since his organs are so decomposed,
that they can neither produce nor retain the oxygen necessary,
nor save for its survival,
it needs the only food which can keep it alive.
Blood.
Human blood.
If a human body, a drowned person,
were attacked by tiny sea plants which became parasites,
and completely dead?
No, it's still alive.
But it's changed into a...
Well, is it a plant or an animal?
It's both.
It's a giant protozoa.
Dr. Gavin.
Can they be killed?
I don't know, Lieutenant.
They are the living dead.
They're zombies.
Nothing so dramatic as that, Elaine.
They're more like a jellyfish.
You can't kill them by shooting them or cutting them up.
Well, then how can you kill them?
Pshh.
Say goodbye to everything you knew.
Say hello to what a man can do.
Monster Man.
Monster Man.
This is one and only dream.
It's all I've seen.
Two Monster Man.
Man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man.
The man's a hunter, a beast on the run.
He's a virus you can't stop with a gun.
You can plan from a mind insane.
Loud springs flow so clean.
There is no
zombie in the closet.
There is no
fish underneath the bed.
There's no alien in the dark tunnel.
The monster's in your head.
Say what you want.
Say what you will.
Said and done.
The threat is still.
Monster Man.
Monster Man.
They say beauty's in the eyes.
But the truth is,





I'm the beholder so don't try.
To understand him.
Every day is Halloween.
It's all obscene.
Two Monster Man.
Man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.
Man.

Man.
Man.
Yeah,
I know they've been in the bunker down there you know messing
with things.
With top top top top.
With top top top
who?
Mein Team
Mein Team
The same old thing
The same old thing
The same old thing
The same old thing
The same old thing
The same old thing



The same old thing
In your mind, voices, emotions
They got it all figured out
You know, to the hurt
The cat dancing spiders
In polka dot waistcoats
And the fangs, peanut brittle
And things like that
They might have come up
With some really weird ideas
With Bob
Don't know this board
On a mixture of magic mushrooms
And ayahuasca
With Bob
Don't know this board
On a mixture of magic mushrooms
And ayahuasca
Is there any indication
To what kind of journeys
If you will, or visions
That the people who are taking this drug
Might have had
Bob's head broke
Bob's head broke
Bob's head broke

Bob's head broke
Bob's head broke
Bob's head broke
Bob's head broke
Bob's head broke
Bob's head broke
Warning
Warning
Warning
Warning
Warning
Warning
Warning
Warning
But just because something is written on clay tablets 2,500 years ago
Doesn't mean it's true
That's right
Okay
It's no more different than kept written in the Wall Street Journal
Come on
You know?
We appreciate the call, Doc
With Bob, uh, Bob's head broke
And ayahuaskara
And ayahuasca
Come on, dog
Uh, so

With Bob
Be—
лена
Mushrooms and ayahuasca.
With Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
He's getting very.
He's in there.
The great part about it is that Bob is so invested.
He's 110% for it.
You got enough dirt on my face?
You gotta roll with it.
Anytime you get a chance to work with Bob, it's just fun.
He is an icon of.
Bob was completely interested in using it.
You learn something new every day.
Absolutely.
I can try things that I couldn't try in a straight.
He's better than ever.
We're really enjoying that.
And also just chemistry.
Ah, yes.
Dear friends.
This music in the background is great.
Something called the Como Zoo.
Sick carousel or something like that.
It's Como Zoo carousel.
76 trombones.
Well, well, well.
Before that, the little collage we just heard was by Reverend Royal Decapitator.
He also did the titles and some other stuff in between.
He has contributed a whole lot of cool little cut-ups that we'll be using.
And have been using.
And he did the song Hardcore Tiddlywinks just before that.
The Bob song.
Under the name Dr. Slapjaw.
And before that, Monster Man was indeed by Devo.
Yes, that was the Devo's doing.
And it's an unreleased tune, sort of.
As I understand it, some TV show called him up and said,
Hey, can you whip out a song real fast for this show?
It's a monster show or something.
And if you ask me, it was probably Jerry who whipped that out.
He said he did it in about 10 minutes.
I got it off of Rollingstone.com.
And the stuff about monsters there at the beginning.
Here, let's see.
I'll pause that one and turn on something.
The stuff about the monster protozoans that are not animal or plant is from The Horror of Party Beach.
A 1964 movie.
That I've been wanting to see since I was a little kid.
Because I saw the newspaper ads.
And it had girls in bikinis and monsters.
Not like that's anything special.
But it was a movie I never actually got around to seeing.
And finally did.
And it was wonderful.
You're in for it your whole life.
Princess Wee, you need to move a microphone near your mouth when you're talking to it.
Oh, near my mouth, you say.
Yeah, that's how those work.
Oh, okay.
I was kind of expecting Dave to call in.
But who knows?
If he doesn't, we're prepared.
What else?
Yeah, Horror of Party Beach.
It's one of those really low-budget movies.
It reminds me of the movies I used to work on when I was a young feller in the film business.
It was all shot in some beach town in Connecticut.
And used local people as actors for the most part.
And boy, can you tell.
Before that, oh, the new PR news, friends.
You may have noticed we've got PR news back again.
Those are not by Lee Murr anymore.
They're by Reverend Cosmic Debris, who plays the Hour of Slack on Shortwave.
He's the main guy behind the Hour of Slack on Shortwave.
And he, several months ago, I think, whipped out a bunch of PR news.
And I didn't even know it until recently.
So we'll have...
We'll have PR news back.
The song, The Most Beautiful Girl in the World,
was by the Death Billies of the deathbillies.com.
Thanks to Sister Decadence for turning us on to that band.
Yes, thanks, Sister Decadence.
We love inappropriate covers.
Oh, the song before that, that sounded like the Psychoskeletons,
was the Psychoskeletons.
And the song is called Song for Music Critics.
Princess Lee, why don't you phone Dave and see if he's...
He should be calling any second now.
Why do you say that?
Because I talked to him.
Oh, I learned something.
And he's going to call.
I learn something new every day.
I just went and talked to him seconds ago.
Two, three, four seconds ago.
What else?
The Ministry of Slight and Little Bit of Stuff,
Reverend Royal Decapitator, The Large,
did the I'm Bob song near the beginning.
I mentioned Reverend Cosmic Debris and Reverend Royal Decapitator.
And that's it.
In the background is Devo without lyrics.
It's from their latest album.
But I think Reverend Abnorm Nighthill gave us a copy of this.
Somehow he got a halt of Devo music so you could karaoke that newer album.
Or Blither Blather on Hour of Slap.
Yeah, that too.
Abnorm may be showing up at our house tomorrow night.
And I'm not even sure if that's going to happen.
Oh, not tomorrow night.
Tax night, Tuesday.
Yeah.
Tuesday.
Yes, friends.
It's...
We're...
We're...
In the time we're recording this,
which may not be the time that you're listening to it.
I mean, at best, it's seven seconds earlier than you're listening to it.
At best.
Could be months earlier.
It's tax time.
And taxes for the church or the subgenius are really tricky.
Partly because one of us has or had a real job and now is retired.
And I...
The subgenius business, I just...
We're not tax-exempt, of course.
You know, we didn't...
We didn't go that route because we're...
We don't want to take the money from people who may not believe in our religion.
Now, all the other religions will take your money in that they don't pay taxes.
So you have to...
You have to pay higher taxes.
Well, we Texans didn't...
Philo and I, when we first started doing this for Bob and Bob himself, we went,
no, we want to...
We just felt like it was going to lead to trouble if we officially called the church of the subgenius or religion.
So officially, it's a Texas novelty company.
And I like it much better as a Texas novelty company,
even though it hasn't been in Texas for a long time.
In fact, as far as I know, there's hardly anybody left in Texas besides my family and Reverend Zaphod.
But the novelty of it comes on again and again as each new person meets Bob.
Yeah, I wonder what that's like.
I mean, I remember what it's like.
I remember what happened when I first...
When Philo first told me about Bob.
I was perplexed and inspired.
And excited.
And excited.




I'm everywhere.
And then the day of calls and...
Is it a good time to make foley noises?
Yes.
Like walking through cans of beans?
Yes.
Toilet paper going through the air real quickly and making that flapping sound?
Yes.
You know, it's funny you should mention that because I was just thinking that exact same thing.
I figured we were on the same wavelength about that.
Yeah, I was just thinking, yeah, this is about time to have somebody flapping toilet paper on their feet.
Or they could take one.
This is a part of TV.
You guys, head Deadline Nice
Oh, that would be fun.
Please say I'm off.
This is Paul Abbotdy enрей.
r

I forgot to whispering.




Shit is this??
So I did that for like five years.
Yeah.
A spanking every day or two.
Whipping with a briar switch.
That sounds like the film industry.
Coarse and manipulative.
Vile to its heart.
Well, I guess it depends.
Well, I'm not talking about independent filmmakers.
I'm talking about...
Oh, it's worse.
It's worse for...
If independent filmmakers don't sleep,
people involved in indie films,
they just go without sleep.
That's because they chew Prylis in,
or whatever it's called.
I'm sorry, that's a commercial.
And they're not in the unions either.
So they're not...
The unions make you sleep.
They even make kids go to school and stuff.
You know, kid actors.
Yep.
So...
I don't remember.
Do you remember anything they taught you in school?
Because I don't.
I don't remember anything they taught you in school.
Not a bit of it.
Of what they taught me in school?
You don't remember what they taught me in school?
No.
I clearly don't remember what they taught you in school,
or we in school either.
I wouldn't think that you would.
Well, here's the sad thing.
I don't remember what they taught me,
and I'm trying to relearn it.
But it's different now.
I can't remember the facts.
They just slide in my head.
They're very interesting while I'm reading them.
And then they slide right out again.
They pile up.
If you look at my desk,
there's just this pile of facts
stacked up on the floor all around
that fell out of my ears after I read them.
Do pop quizzes help?
Yeah.
Can you just like maybe pop it back and...
There's too much sugar in those.
I can't...
You know, I'll take the sugarless pop quizzes.
Yeah.
Well, I'm taking all kinds of tests right now,
and I found that I can't remember them.

I can't remember a damn single thing,
and it's very frustrating.
And then I have these funny glasses,
like these reading glasses and stuff,
and they have a crack in the middle.
And I'll look down to check something again,
and the little crack will fall off.
And then I'll reach down to get my glasses,
and I'll bump my head and knock myself out.
Usually...
Well, sometimes I just pretend I've knocked myself out
and make the appropriate noise.
But usually I have actually done it.
I have a big crease right in the middle of my forehead now.
Oh, no.
And a second stage concussion.
Just from reaching over to get those damn glasses.
Now, you'd think a normal person would go and buy a new pair.
For 88 cents, right?
Yeah.
But I don't know.
I get attached to those things and...
I knew a man with grease.
He had a little crease right in the middle of his forehead.
When he was bad, he was very, very bad.
Because he was mostly bored.
Yeah.
That'll...
Man, that'll lead to evil and crimes.
Boredom will.
I wonder what that's like.
I mean, I've been led to evil and crimes,
but not by boredom.
I know.
I hate that.
I can't...
It's actually hard for me to imagine boredom,
but I'm an emergentile.
So I'll make my own problems.
If I start...
Yeah, unfortunately, I get that.
Before I get bored.
Yeah, me too.
And in fact, now I've reached a level of post-emergentilism
where I'm kind of like an enraged factor.
I'm a factory worker in the 1890s or something like that.
And if somebody says,
I'm bored,
I start strangling them and I have to be restrained.
I hate that.
Because there's nothing to be bored about
because everything is too freaking busy anyway.
Don't you know what I mean?
I envy the bored sometimes.
Me too.
But maybe I shouldn't.
I don't really know.
Like I said, I don't really know what it's like.
Well, apparently there's a feeling of not having something to do,
but it's similar to having too many things to do
where you can't figure out what the freak you're going to do next
because there's so many things and paper and a pencil won't help you.
Well, see, that always just led to panic.
And that's my normal state of affairs
is a kind of a controlled, channeled panic.
Yeah.
I dig it, in a way.
I mean, that's my slack.
I hate it worse than the anti-feeling, which is boredom.
You like to wallow in panic, Reverend Stang?
Well, it's more like swimming, like swimming, dog paddling in panic.
Sprinting in panic.
Because you don't know how to swim.
You need to do the breaststroke.
It's like drowning in panic.
That's why you're married.
But now.
Well, I'm sure you've tried swimming dog style many times,
but what you need is, you know, is the breaststroke probably.
I mean, just ask.
You're close enough.
I'm sorry.
Wasn't there some gag about stroking and the stuff that I played earlier?
Or, no, it's in the stuff I was going to play in case you didn't call.
That's what it was.
I have a whole lot of stuff that I could.
So, you know, if you hung up, then the show would suddenly be, you know,

not boring.
Well, no, it would probably still be boring.
Well, let's see.
Let's see what I would have played.
Yeah, you're right.
You're absolutely right.
It was puzzling evidence show.
Philo reads junior high letter.
That's actually pretty funny.
His wife, Chaos McMamacat, found a letter written by a junior high kid outside of a school that,
well, it's pretty funny the way Philo reads it.
It'll make you puke next week.
You should never plagiarize children's schoolwork.
That's really sick.
I know they had movies about that.
They're supposed to be comedies and everything.
But just think of the poor plagiarized child like you're on the air someplace and you're receiving lots of money.
And you're going, if Mrs. Walker would prefer it, I would stand by the window.
Well, that's not homework.
That's more like when you're being reprimanded.
But you know what I mean?
They feel real creepy about it.
My third grade teacher had to tell me not to do that thing in the back of the room.
And she said, or you'll have to go to the doctor.
When my mom picked me up, I said, mammy, if I like push my hands, hold myself up on my desk using my hands, will I have to go to the doctor?
I was lying by omission because I left out what supported me.
And parting myself with my hands allowed me to do on that slightly curved third grade school desk.
But I didn't know.
Nobody ever said, you know, you only do that in private.
That's your private thing.
I didn't want my son to end up that way.
The first time I caught him having his way with the jets in a hot tub, he was about four.
I said, now, son, don't ever do that in front of mammy.
And really, that's just you.
You shouldn't do that around other.
You should wait until other people go away.
That's your private thing.
And he paused for a minute.
He goes, Dad, would you leave so I can finish doing my private thing?
And I said, no, you'll have to wait like I did.
So chances are he's happily he's happily just doing his private thing.
I wonder if he found a hot tub or if he's.
Maybe he doesn't need a hot tub to do that anymore.
Well, I don't know if it happened that long time ago.
I'm sure he's way past hot tub.
Oh, wait a minute.
That explains why he got married.
That's that's why.
Now I know why he got married.
So he could do his private thing with somebody else.
Yeah.
Wait, that doesn't make sense.
Of course it does.
Well, actually, it's the of of inter familial relationships.
My son married his high school sweetheart.
So I.
I.
I got married.
And they were in musical school musicals and plays together for five years before they left high school.
So I sat and saw his wife to be, you know, every time they did a play.
And I have to admit, I used to think I think that's prettiest girl in the school.
I really did.
I mean, just in terms of just being classic movie star type pretty.
She's real shy.
But you like that, too, do you?
Staying real talented.
My son ended up marrying that that shy, nice.
And rest her from your incredibly hot looking girl.
And now she teaches English in a south central L.A.
high school, the kind of high school that Snoop Dogg sings about.
And she's never had any trouble at all.
And I assume that's because all the boys in the class are in love with her.
Well, she probably she actually kind of likes it.
She likes her job.
Teaching.
Can you imagine that liking teaching high school?
Those are the people where there was a snout dog was rapping about snouts and stuff.
Yeah.
How how could you stand that for more than twenty five years?
Especially if you if the principal invaded your privacy.
Then you'd be really disrespectful.
Well, I don't care because all my schools have been destroyed by tornadoes.
Have they really?
No. But for what?
I don't know. But the last I heard on the news, we're all going to die in the Midwest because the tornadoes are going to kill us all.
Where did they go?
Oklahoma.
They went to Oklahoma and then there are they still coming here?
I don't know.
I didn't look at the news again after that.
It was too scary.
Yeah. They try not to tell you, though, too much.
Because you might get, you know, freaked out and run around and.
Well, I was I was just telling Charleston earlier on the previous show that I swore off the news except for science and health, because that's usually good news.
But it's not.
I know.
Because of the stuff they don't remind you every day, such as that the oceans are dying.
And that when the oceans die, then the air dies.
And when the air dies, then everybody dies.
And then the rota first get a new chance to build a great new civilization.
Great.
A thousand million years from now.
Yeah. And we'll be I don't know where we'll be waiting in the wings, perhaps to start the cycle again.
But, yeah, I know what you mean.
It's very, very depressing.
Not to me. It's just a circle of life now.
So.
So you don't mind that beyond X day and the truth is the world may end real soon.
Thanks to what they've been doing to the ocean.
Don't care. I kind of that's that's what I do my private thing to man.
You know that that show.
Did you ever see that show?
Life after people is a subgenius pornography show.
It was predicated on what if all the people were gone?
How long would it take for everything in the world to die?
What if the world to turn back into jungle?
And what would happen to the animals?
One of the things I remember that was very charming was that the queen of England's little dogs are corgis.
Is that what they are?
Yes.
Corgi.
Corgi tire biters.
They said that within within 50 years, say, if the queen's corgis were able to escape from Buckingham Palace after eating the queen and all the butlers,
their descendants would no longer be recognizable as corgis.
Pretty much all dogs would look kind of alike.
50 years down the road, the Chihuahuas and the Great Danes would be no more.
And just between you and me, I think that would be a kindness.
Yes. Just think of the elaborate cruelties they staged to make a dog be like three inches tall and have big ears and stuff.
It's kind of weird.
Yeah, kind of weird.
I don't actually know.
I don't actually approve.
I understand, you know, terriers were bred for centuries to kill rats.
And certain dogs were trained for centuries and bred, selectively bred, might as well be franken dogs, to hunt.
But why would anybody breed a Chihuahua?
Well, they were often bred.
I can understand a Great Dane.
They're scary, but they're unhealthy, too.
You know, they're inbred.
They're born with bone diseases and arthritis.
And they get crazy.
You know, they have mental problems real easily.
They all have like weird thyroid eyes or something.
Like high inbred humans, like the royal family or the Bushes.
But weren't they bred so that you could carry them around in your purse?
Or your pocketbook.
Yes, or your pocketbook.
Or the handy addition to the shelf.
Or your fashion pocket of your outfit.
Those things give me the creeps.
Princess Weenie knows that.
That's where you put your carriers.
Oh, man.
Those little bug-eyed pug-nosed dogs with the...
I mean, they look like bats.
They have faces like a bat has.
And...
They seem cute and sweet.
No, they're not.
They're monsters.
Yeah, they are good eating.
Hey, Dr. Sinister.
They were originally Mr. Tacos.
Dr. Sinister just phoned in.
His phone is so beautifully clear that it sounds like he's in the same room.
Yeah.
You could hear a pin drop.
Wow.
That is the greatest phone I've ever heard in my life.
In your lice?
That is subnormal.
That's ex-ex-excentuous.
It's squeaky, man.
That sounds like a real person.
Well, that's the amazing thing.
I know Dr. Sinister is not a real person.
Right, exactly.
Dr. Sinister can sound just like a real person.
Isn't that amazing?
It's...
It's an essential skill for survival amongst the pinks.
Well, in your case, you're a real person.







In your case, it's survival among non-robots.
I think that's the thing we have to worry about in the coming century, if there is a
century coming in advance at any time, is that tiny little nano machines will ruin us.
They're ruining us.
How do you know they don't already, Dave?
Well, they already iron our shoes.
They cook our house.
They clean our clothes.
Oh, and mine aren't.
You got your shoes ironed?
I didn't get my shoes ironed.
Yeah.
They gave me some nano...
I don't know.



Blocks gave me a haircut the other day.
I mean, not in the conventional sense.
They actually just depilated my forehead again.
Yeah, I was going to say, you just lost some hair.
Is that what you're saying?
Well, it's their fault.
Sometimes I suspect my barber of being a nanobot.
That would be horrible.
Then there's the onanobots who rant and preach subgenius stuff.
And satisfy themselves only, true to their onanistic nature.
Right.
I resemble that remark.
You know, it's funny.
We got...
There's a famous subgenius named Reverend Onan Kanabite.
Last week, I got...
We got a new member by the name of Reverend Onan, like an Irish name, O apostrophe nan.
Reverend Fred Onan or something.
And a Douglas Smith in Texas.
My, oh my.
Can you imagine?
Now, somebody named...
I've never heard of such a weird name.
I've never heard of such a weird name.




I've never heard of such a weird name.


What a weird coincidence.
I think when you walk in the wrong door, Stang, that's where you come out, if you know what
I mean, psycho-parathetically.
That's from another dimension.
That's your other you.
You sent that letter.
And you don't even...
And you were so advanced in your thinking when you did it.
When you were down in Texas, you actually wrote the letter.
You gave it to the post office and said, don't send until...
And then you opened it, and you went, wow, that's really weird.
I guess so then, back to the Future Three.
Well, I guess I'm going to have to...
Yes.
He was playing with himself again.
I didn't do that this time that I remember, but I should try that.
I could easily play tricks on myself.
Like that guy in the movie, Memento, who gets mad at somebody and says, well, I'm just going
to convince myself that he's the guy who killed my wife, and then I'll kill him and I won't
feel guilty about it.
And then I'll forget about it.
Makes perfect sense to me.
I mean, that's very...
It follows, so logistically, from A to B to C.
Well, if you've seen that movie, and I have about ten times, forwards and backwards,
which doesn't make any difference in the case of that particular movie.
You actually can watch it backwards, and it sort of makes more sense.
Is it actually better?
No, no, it's perfect the way it is.
It's one of my faves.
We saw an interesting movie I didn't expect to see the other night called Enter Nowhere.
Yeah, well, I started to call it Enter Nothing, but it's called Enter Nowhere.
Not to be confused with Enter the Void.
Very low-budget movie, had a cast of four people stuck in a house in the woods.
They didn't know each other at all, but you find out they're connected.
When I started the movie up,
Princess Weave was going,
I don't want to watch this, this is one of those slasher movies.
And they make you think it is at first,
but it's really an hour and a half long twilight zone.
And I would have to sort of recommend such a movie
if someone were to want to watch an obscure movie.
Enter Nowhere shows what you can do with four people in one location.
A little chunk of woods, that's all it was.
Yeah, a little bit of woods and a country road.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And a really good screen.
It's a really good script.
And most of the set is just in that little farmhouse cabin area, isn't it?
You know, I can get the farmhouse and the four actors.
It's the really good script that we seem to be dragging our feet on.
I just, I thought it was, that that was the main,
that was the focus of the place and stuff.
And that's why, you know, like who's afraid of Virginia Woolf?
That's why the intensity was there.
Except for that they didn't know each other.
They tried to.
They looked out their windows every morning and thought,
what if I could perceive myself as greater than I am?
A better person.
A friendlier, happier.
Isn't that what everybody does every day?
They can go, I'm friendly and happy and good and smart and better than everyone else.
And doggone it, people like me.
And they lie every day.
And every word of it.
You know, what is that?
Every word is a lie.
How is that?
It's some cult where they can't.
Every day, in every way, I am getting better and better.
I can't remember where that came from, actually.
Yeah, it's from a particular self-help cult.
Every day and every way, I'm getting better and better.
Every day and every way, I'm getting better and better.
Every day and every way, I'm getting better and better.
Namiho, mani, yin, rengi, kyo.
Namiho, rengi, kyo.
Namiho, rengi, kyo.
Better.
Harukisha, Harukisha, Harukisha, Harukisha, Harukisha.
You can't even remember their names.
I'm not thinking about anything else.

No.
Harukisha, Harukisha, Harukisha, Harukisha, Harukisha, Harukisha, Harukisha.
Namiho, rengi, kyo.
Namiho, rengi, kyo.
You can't see me.
I'm not here.
Think of your longevity, Stan, as a cult of non-self-help, as a cult of self-destruction, perhaps.
Just think how long you've lasted.
Those other guys named Dave, unfortunately, who are also bald, their credibility is gone
once they, you know, find out, they vet them and find out that they've been dead.
Diddling Pomeranians or whatever they do after midnight.
And then they're returned to the fold.
That's what they do to Pomeranians in Pomeroy.
After midnight, we're going to let them palms go down.
It's palm one.
You're delicious.
Pommy.
I'm going to be performing a wedding in Pomeroy.
Priestess Pisces and Reverend Suds Bashar are going to get married the next day.
And they're going to have to go.
To the Pomeroy courthouse and get a marriage license.
Which won't be nearly as weird as the time Pope S. Lilith and Reverend Thea went to the Sherman courthouse
to get a wedding license, since they're both...
Neutral?
Female.
Legally?
Female.
No, legally, at that time, Lil was still legally a male.
But Lil's driver's license said,
Lilith...
Well, nowadays, in New York State, it doesn't matter.
Didn't I?
Huh?
Nowadays, it doesn't matter in New York State.
Well, thank goodness for that.
It doesn't?
Yeah, they passed away in marriage a year or two ago.
And aren't you glad now?
I mean, just think of the rejoicing in the streets of LA.
That sounds like fun.
Evil people.
I'm going to marry five lesbians.
Wait, that wouldn't do me any good.
No.
If I marry five lesbians for one night,
that might be kind of good.
You know, here's, I think, a solution to the whole marriage equality issue
that I think Republicans could get behind.
Let's replace all marriages with corporations.
Right.
You know, like, if you want to get married in a church, that's one thing, but...
And say BP could, well, we'll use another one,
but one of the major oil companies could be the groom,
and, you know, have an elaborate group of others.
And the U.S. government could be the bride, or the bribe.
Or two individuals.
That happens.
That's about 50 years ago.
And then...
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
Princess, we're meant to...
We should just forget the whole marriage thing and form a...
Just incorporate.
Yeah, just incorporate.
Yeah.
Period.
You know what, though?
I mean, say for...
But then it would be limited to two individuals.

You know, I actually am president of a corporation.
And Dr. Philo Drummond is the vice president,
so that kind of means me and Philo are married.
And that's a horrifying thought.
Ooh.
If you've ever...
Scary.
You know how Philo sounds?
Well, that's the way he looks.
He looks like that, too.
Yeah, yeah, that's...
Yeah.
You might as well have a rhesus monkey in your house
and dress it up in scanty little thong panties and stuff.
That's a good description.
A big rhesus monkey.
A big rhesus monkey and thong panties.
Yeah, he's a little taller than I am.
But you're not going to tell him that I said that, are you?
Because he might think I'm saying he's a little rhesus monkey.




He's a rhesus monkey wearing thong panties.
No, he wouldn't mind that,
as long as we make it clear he's a big rhesus monkey.
Actually, he's more of a marmoset.
I have the wings of a chimpanzee.
I fly over the western sea.
I climb a million hairy trees.
What's this song?
Oh, that sounds like Men of Athens, right?
I thought it was White Rabbit at first.
Yeah, it starts just like White Rabbit.
This is my new favorite music.
It's music from 1970s porno movies
collected on some album.
And yes, it opens just like White Rabbit
and then gets like this.
But the reason I unearthed it was
I got a new microscope that has a built-in camera.
I've been filming bugs.
Bug porn for hours a day.
And lately I've been editing it.
And I was going, besides narration,
this should have some kind of music.
And I went, this stuff, this is perfect.
When you see these single-celled
and multiple-celled animalcules
accidentally rubbing against each other
with this porno music in the background,
I think,
I think men out there know what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
When you get you a Philodena rotifer
with his corona wriggling his cilia at full speed
and his little mastax pumping away in there.
Oh, I finally got a shot.
I love cilia.
I didn't know I'd done it.
Can I put my pseudopod on you?
I did not know I'd gotten a shot
until I was looking at old footage.
But I've been trying for a long time to,
get a shot of a particular type of rotifer excreting.
Because I have a cladocerone with diarrhea.
I have a whole, like, 20 minutes of that.
I don't want to lose it. Make sure.
A couple of other, a couple of,
a couple of annelids or roundworms or something.
Oh, annelids are very hot.
You can watch these things eat.
But I didn't know where to look.
I know there's rather eerily no глазure on those.
My first hit of neres şehrewführing
was actually when I went to the flower nursery
to try and get one of those hard liverys,
the Erguotlis ye busyμέkeli which have sting this year.
It's so hot, it'll always hop on me switch isn't it?
That one, that one's kind of pursue climate.
Oh, yeah, I intend to call it a break shoot
if you want to go download it.
Well, I do have these.

It doesn't look any different than it did when he ate it.
So I'm assuming that what he does is sucks in these single-celled algae things,
grinds them up, and digests the juices somehow, but the skin comes out.
So it's like this floppy, emptied-out algae cell.
I have an interesting pet, you know, Dave.
They all have names, too. Do you know that?
What that can do to your mind?
It's a good thing you're not into subatomic particles,
because all of those cats went insane just because of the laws of physics they so faithfully followed.
Now, as a subgenius biologist, or is that what you would call a biologist?
Zoologist, really.
A zoologist, yes. I'm sorry.
Much like animals.
Down at that level, though, the difference between plants and animals and fungi becomes blurred.
I'm a fungi.
Dr. Sinister.
Sinister is a real fun guy, despite his name.
And his anus is in his feet, like many fun guys are.
Well, actually, your soul of a subgenius is located in the foot.
The foot gland.
The foot is a gland. Did you know that?
That's the first time I've said that since 1980, by the way.
Mine overexcretes.
Your foot gland?
Yeah.
Is that what that smell is?
Well, that's not the problem there.
I thought that was something in the studio, but that's you?
No, that's coming...
All the way coming over the phone lines from Ashtabula?
You can smell my foot gland all the way from Ashtabula?
Well, it is your soul, Dave.
That's where the soul is located.
Well, I've heard, and I'm not sure if this is correct or just maybe a bad lecture,
that I don't have one.
A soul, so to speak.
I mean, they claim everybody does.
You have two.
There's the S-O-L-E and the S-O-U-L.
And then there's also a...
There's a third one called the S-O-A-L, but I'm not supposed to talk about that.
No, it's...
That's for the fourth subgenius Bible.
Well, it's a data diagram anyway.
To begin with, you don't want to lead people down the wrong trail, if you know what I mean.
You go check in the wrong places and have them...
I've made a career out of leading people down the wrong trail.
And, you know, it's not by telling them to go down the wrong trail.
I don't tell them anything but the truth.
But...
I just tell part of the truth.
I don't tell them everything.
They fill in the blanks and go off down the wrong trail.
Are you saying that that's what Goebbels did and others like him?
Yeah, Rush Limbaugh.
That's why Rush...
That accounts for Rush Limbaugh's gigantic audience.
It's not that he lies, except by omission.
He will tell a tiny piece of the truth and his audience, being hoopoe heads for the most part,
like my audience, fill in the blanks.
He will tell a tiny piece of the truth and his audience, being hoopoe heads for the most part,
like my audience, fill in the blanks.
With what they most want to hear,
which is usually that all their problems are somebody else's fault.
You know, it's funny.
It kind of reminds me of this time I had eaten some strange mushrooms
and lied down and took my glasses off.
You know, and then I sit up after some length of time I couldn't determine,
not putting my glasses on, but I'm looking around
and the entire room is covered in shag carpet.
Like every single surface is shag carpet.
And, you know, it's like I could see the individual fibers.
You know, but then I realized,
you know, I'm not going to be able to see the individual fibers.
So wait a second.
I had taken my glasses off.
Everything's fuzzy for that reason.
My imagination, which had been poisoned by those unfortunately selected fungi,
my imagination was filling in the gaps in what my eyes could provide.
It's wild when your perception does that.
What you omitted, I'm sorry to say,
is if you listen very carefully to the music in the background,
you will realize that either the milkman or the utility man was on his way to the room.
And you'd better get that negligee on pretty quick.
Yeah, it's fucking sad.
That's what the shag carpet was.
You were filling in the first part of the 70s porn film.
The carpet who shagged me.
I can see this music being used for more than just porn.
Like this, you could use this in a chase scene or something.
Well, and it's especially good for footage of the badass guy walking down the street, you know.
Yeah, I can see like, I can see a couple of...
I can't tell, by the way, I've moved my feet.
I'm a woman's man.
No time to eat.
Something like that.
I can see like a cutlass and a GTO chasing each other through the streets of San Francisco to this music.
Yes, definitely going up and down those hills.
I can also see like pirates, like kind of transvestite pirates, like Ruby and stuff like in the old comics.
I'm fighting it out, duking it out like in semi-fast motion.
No, I can see a paramecium rubbing up against a diatom.
I guess I have a different approach.
I can see that as well.
I actually, I have footage.
I was seeing that earlier.
I see myself in the 70s.
Speaking of Kant.
You did?
Which we can't really do very well.
We can't.
No, we can't.
Dr. Sinister, have you heard of a band called Descartes?
A Kant?
No.
The two philosopher names, Descartes.
If I'm pronouncing Descartes.
Okay, I didn't take French.
Me neither.
Me neither, but I always heard people say Descartes.
Okay, well, see, I don't hear either.
So that's why I pronounce everything.
That's why the headphones are always turned up to maximum volume when I come in here, and I've got to be very careful.
Yeah, you noticed.
Well, can I just.
Anyway, yeah, yeah, Descartes, a Kant.
Can I very briefly just quote something from Monty Python?
Yeah.
René Descartes was a drunken old fart who could drink you under the table.
I've heard that.
Continue.
Yes.
That was Bruce.
That was the Bruce skit.
There's another one that we can't say outside the city of Harvard.
Ah, but I can tell about walking with my friends through the woods in the 70s,
and they all wanted me to take my shoes off so I could connect with the earth directly with my feet.
And I said, no, I can feel it just fine through my rubber soles.
Mm-hmm.
What a useless memory.
It is useless.
I remember those same times when I was thinking about walking around.
It's completely useless.


The rubber sole in the woods.
I was usually way, way too.
I like to revolve her better.
Yeah, well, I had taken far too much of the snug, snug, and was feeling insufferable.
And so I killed everyone.
I'm sorry.
I'll shut up.
No, that's okay.
You know, since everybody's talking about their drug experiences, when I was 16, I made
the big mistake of taking some.
What do they call that?
LSD?
It was LDS.
That's what Mitt Romney was on back in the 60s.
He did way too much LDS.
No, I actually, I did the LDS later.
Years later, I caught a chronic syndrome.
But I was in a car with these buddies, and they didn't have as bad a reaction as me.
In fact, if that day hadn't happened, I'd probably be working in the rotoscope department
at Digital Domain in Hollywood.
But.
Be that as it may, we picked up a stray kitten, and it crapped in the car.
It dropped a little kitty dropping in the car.
And in my hallucinating state, I saw and smelled the car as being completely covered, ceiling
to floor, in cat poop.
And with that, friends, we must leave you.
You've had toxoplasmosis ever since.
Could I tell my one now, too?
It's very short.
It explains a lot.
Okay.
Okay.
I had taken far too much.
We didn't know when we were going to get off, so to speak.
So we just kept on taking more and more.
And there was a little bit of sweat in the crack of my derriere.
And I became convinced that I had done my pants.
So I'd run upstairs.
Embarrassed because I was with the girl and stuff.
I'd run upstairs, and I'd look, and it would be there, and then it would be gone.
And then I would say, no, it's not there.
And I'd come back downstairs, and then I would do that again.
Like, I did that about twice.
Twenty times.
I could never once convince myself I hadn't, even after I looked down there.
I'm sorry.
Subgenius.com.
If you need more information, which you probably don't, but if you were curious, you could
go to subgenius.com and find out why this is the Hour of Slack number 1,357.
Starring Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Thank you.
Dr. Sinister.
Thank you.
Princess.
We are our doe queen of all the UFOs.
Thank you.
And your host, your truly, Reverend Ibn Singh.
Praise Bob.
And, uh...
And Hail Connie.
And, uh...
Hail.
Hail, yeah.
Hail, yes.
83.
And...
Are you suffering from issues?
Pain.
High.
Fear.
Pressure.
Congestive.
Vitality.
Failure.
Unbalanced.
Sickness.
Irregular.
Youthfulness.
Clogged.
Energy.
If so, you are not alone.
Million.
Millions of people are suffering from problems.
If you'd like to live your life free of sickness, pain, and fear,
increase vitality, energy, and youthfulness, your body healing itself,
this might be the most important message you'll ever hear.
An effective and exclusive formula of wild-crafted 100% organic...
What?
And organic herbs is now available.
It is extremely effective and starts to work within days.
In all directions down there.
Friends, I've been listening back to this show and I realized that I made a horrendous
sort of a scientific mistake in that I was talking about phylodina rotifers and I referred
to them in every case as him, when in fact, phylodina rotifers, all rotifers are parthenogenic,
which means...
Basically, they're females that can just kind of fertilize themselves in a way.
And they don't need males.
There are male rotifers, but one in a thousand.
So I just wanted to make sure that my listeners did not feel misled regarding sex of the rotifers.
I was just...
It's easy for me to say him because when you look at one, you know, it's a male.
It's a female.

It doesn't look very girlish, really.
Especially not the phylodinas.
It's not like many fun guys are.
Sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money!
That dirty, Turkish, hark-a-back, flackin' wharton, Philip Buckaburton, perkaluma, Burton,
Dirt, and Buston, I don't know!
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show and we're even more glad that some listeners
have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
And not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archives that are out there.



But if you truly love Bob and want some of that slack back to rebound to you, you should
go to subgenius.com front page or especially the radio page or the catalog store pages
and help out financially as best you can.
Now we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty and we don't want any subgeniuses
to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference, even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that blow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs if you don't pay
Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to Subgenius Foundation.
P.O.
Box 181417.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
Like subscribe if you haven't already.

We are here for the top five of this year's nut job series.
Beat gas and drive your car 80k to that awesomestuy.
3 days of school grad from the deshalb school district you might ever imagine you know literally
0.001Bit back inside the door.
