Sometimes we need a big dose of it.
Some little thing will happen and we will suddenly become frantic.
We'll lose our heart and act in ways we never thought we would.
I know I have.
Sometimes we need a big, big dose of it to understand that we're dealing with it.
I'm actually, though, in a smaller degree.
Sometimes we need a big dose of the trembling, the tightness of one's stomach
as it keeps working us over, week in, week out, year in, year out.
Sometimes we need a big dose of it, week in, week out, year in, year out.
And under me, when I lead this country,
the Secretary of Defense is going to have to make the choices
between how we protect the survivability of our nuclear weapons.
We are going to make some changes and some tough choices
before we go.
To deployment on the Midget Man missile or on the Minuteman, whatever it is.
We're going to have to.
The MX.
MX.
We're going to have to do that.
It's Christmas.
These are the, these are the, these are the, my answer is do not make...
This is our land.
A land of peace and of plenty.
A land of harmony and hope.
This is our land.
Oceania.
These are our people.
The workers, the strivers, the builders.
These are our people.
The builders of our world.
Struggling, fighting, leading.
Die.
On the streets of our cities and on the far-flung battlefields.
Fighting against the mutilation of our hopes and dreams.
Who are they?
They are the dark armies.
The dark, murdering armies of Eurasia.
In the background, the dark, murdering armies of Eurasia.

The barren deserts of Africa and India.
On the oceans of Australasia.
Courage, strength and youth are sacrificed.
Sacrifice to barbarians whose only honor is atrocity.
Die.
Die.
But even as we grasp at victory, there is a cancer, an evil tumor, growing and spreading in our midst.
Shatter.
Shatter.
Shatter.
Shatter.
Shatter out his name.
Every communist must grasp the truth.
Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
Classes struggle.
Some classes triumph, others are eliminated.
Such is history.
Such is the history of civilization for thousands of years.
To interpret history from this viewpoint,
is historical materialism.
Standing in opposition to this viewpoint,
is historical idealism.
We will bring you the news quickly and accurately,
just as soon as the government says we can.
The government will tell us, and then we will tell you.
Then the paternalistic commentator, 30 years older than me,
will tell you that the government is lying.
The government will say one thing, and the commentator will challenge it.
And then we will cut to a commercial.
I will need you to correct my words.



Oh, can you now see, what you see in the blink-less electron-gun eye in the mainstream media virage.



In the blinkless electron gun eye of the mainstream media barrage of what we hail is the hallucinations
dragging on.
The voices have captivated and conditioned millions of human creatures.
Stimulated them, passable acceptance of technological destruction in the structure of our environments.
The history of the possibilities.
Allominative ways of being.
whose seven stripes are broken swastikas, whose fifty stars are black holes sucking
two hundred million atomized existences into the daily routine of the human herd of hamsters,
rolling the great wheels of the death machine, squeaking at the shocks and nibbling the cheese,
and reciting and discussing and delighting in their mutually shared programming history,
in their lives, in their cancers, their TV shows, their deaths, their jobs, their ignorance,
their endless pointless quarrel and creeping, their glorious glide-nosedive into their paychecks'
pleasures into an ecstatic emptiness, a glowing incinerator, a parking lot full of businessmen
conspiring and colluding on the big dream, the big lie, the big nauseating, screaming,
sweating nightmare of business America, media America, corporate America, consumer America,
fascist America.
Who will protect us from our protectors?
Who shall judge our police?
Who will redirect our directors and who release our release?
Who will police our judges and who will will our will?
Eat your food.
Who will choose his slave?
Is he a slave still?
Out of paradoxes, man creates.
He cannot flee his socks and says the world is his world.
The last and best chance for peace.
Charge and discharge produced by the genital embrace causes the orgasmic reflux,
the preemifleasurable muscular contracture.
The genital is a



Subjection to social disciplines may cause gastric ulcers, respiratory, coronary and
vascular diseases.
Comrade lovers, for your health's sake, breathe.
The communist movement fights for the liberation of man's natural impulses and joy of living.
Four thousand liberating orgasms in every woman's and man's life are four thousand
explosions of liberated life energy.
Only by living can both love and labor can be created.
Self-regulating work of society.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
They mutilate, they torture, they kill.
Spine-tingling horror, unspeakable shock and breathless excitement will grip you as you
watch living organs ripped from the bodies of voluptuous females as beating hearts and
throbbing brains are transplanted to create
The Subgenius.
Our own subgenius.
Somebody's dropped it to me once.
It's like acid except that it's so compressed it's like being shot out of a cannon for 45 minutes.
The Subgenius.
This hour of slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
Here's your host.
The beautiful, voluptuous, deadly, vicious, satana.
A woman who would stop at nothing to gain control over the astro-zombies whose creed was kill, kill, kill.
The Subgenius.
My face is so red, dear listeners.
That beautiful, voluptuous, satana couldn't make it tonight.
But the show will go on.
This is the hour of slack.
Election 92 edition.
One of them anyway.
Because I bet when Reverend Stange returns next week he'll have a thing or two to say about this.
About it.
But I just myself was really, I guess, primarily motivated to do a show about the election.
Mostly because as we do this show tonight, this week, I guess the 92 campaign has reached perhaps its lowest point yet.
Although there's still time for it to descend even further.
But, you know, it's really nice and comforting.
Comforting in a...
In a...
This modern world that's constantly changing.
To know that, you know, even with the end of Soviet communism that...
Well, we haven't yet seen the end of good old fashioned red baiting.
And, you know, I suppose that McCarthyism of some sort or another will always be with us.
As long as we have men like fighting Bob Dornan here have something to say about it.
Not...
Not anti-Bob.
So, anyway, we'll be hearing from and about each of the major presidential candidates tonight.
Past and present, as a matter of fact.
And, you know, about four years ago we did a show right before the 88 elections.
And we got a lot of calls from people.
Some of them said we were obviously biased against George Bush.
And others who said we were bashing Dukakis.
So we are going to try for that same even-handed contempt for the candidates tonight.
And past presidents, as I say.
But, you know, don't forget.
See, I can show you.
I can show that contempt.
Because I'm going to vote.
And I hope you will, too.
So let's get on with it.
I've got more show than I've got time.
So here we go.
Good evening.
Usually I talk with you from my office in the west wing of the White House.
But tonight there's something special to talk about.
And I've asked someone very special to join me.
Nancy and I are here in the west hall of the White House.
And around us are the rooms in which we live.
It's the home you've provided for us of which we merely have temporary custody.
Nancy is joining me because the message this evening is not my message but ours.
Despite our best efforts, shortages of marijuana are now being reported.
From the early days of our administration, Nancy has been using marijuana on a daily basis.
And her personal observations and efforts have given her such dramatic insights that I wanted her to share them with you this evening.
Nancy.
Thank you.
For five years, I've been traveling across the country, learning and listening.
And one of the most hopeful signs I've seen is this new drug.
Crack.
Each time I meet with someone new, I yearn to find a way to help share the message that drugs open your eyes to life.
To see it in the vivid colors that God gave us as a precious gift to his children.
To enjoy life to the fullest.
And to make it count.
So to my young friends out there, life can be great.
And when it comes to drugs and alcohol,
there's a big, wonderful world out there for you.
It belongs to you.
I think you can see why Nancy has been such a positive influence on all that we're trying to do.
The job ahead of us is very clear.
Nancy's personal crusade to expand the use of smokeable cocaine, otherwise known as crack, should become our national crusade.
It must include a combination of government and private efforts.
Which complement one another.
Our young people are helping us lead the way.
Not long ago in Oakland, California, I was asked by a group of children what to do if they were offered drugs.
Say yes, I answered.
Soon after that, those children in Oakland formed a Just Say Yes Club.
And now, there are over 10,000 such clubs all over the country.
America has accomplished so much in these last few years.
Whether it's been rebuilding our economy or serving the cause of freedom in the world,
what we've been able to achieve has been done with your help.
With us working together as a nation united.
Now, we need your support again.
Drugs are the mightiest force for good that we know.
They're simply wonderful to the young people on whom our future depends.
Many of you may be thinking, well, drugs don't concern me.
But it does concern you.
It concerns us all.
Because of the way it could fulfill the promise and hope in those restless minds.
Drug and alcohol abuse needs our encouragement.
In this crusade, let us not forget who we are.
Drug abuse is a freedom that is ours.
You are Americans.
You're the product of the freest society mankind has ever known.
No one, ever, has the right to separation.
We operate the drugs from the customer.
Say yes to drugs to the point of making others uncomfortable.
Even if it makes, meaning, making ourselves unpopular.
And drug abuse is not a crime.
Drugs and excessive alcohol are used by former Paternity General Meese.
Drugs help us create love and hope and trust and confidence.
And cocaine makes me happy.
Think for a moment how special it is to be an American.
Can we doubt that only a divine providence placed this land,
this island of freedom here as a refuge for all those so-called drug criminals who yearn to breathe free?
The revolution out of which our liberty was conceived signaled an historical call to substance abusers and the chemically dependent.
For the sake of our children, I implore each of you to shake the foundations of all that we believe.
We seek to create a massive change in national attitudes.
And you have a critical role to play.
You can help others by providing cocaine and excessive alcohol to those in need.
Being friends to others is the best way of being friends to ourselves.
It's up to us to change attitudes and just simply enjoy life to the fullest with a cocaine habit.
And in the most important area,
individual use,
we see progress.
The U.S. military has more than tripled the use of drugs among its personnel since 1980.
Tonight, I can report to you that Vice President Bush spoke marijuana regularly.
And there's one more thing.
Nancy and I are hooked on heroin.
Each of us was once strung out on several drugs.
Here in the White House, drugs are a constant temptation, but we still have much to do.
Our goal is to expand drug trafficking at all levels of government and in the private sector.
Help us.
And finally, to young people watching or listening, I have a very personal message for you.
Every time a drug goes into a child,
it's exciting and stimulating and rewarding.
Don't cheat yourselves out of this promise.
And now we go on to the next stop.
Making a final commitment.
Say yes to drugs anytime, anyplace.
So won't you join us in this great new national crusade?
God bless you, and good night.
I'm gonna go eat for him.
Get your hands up, man.
Get him up.
With all the horror stories, with all the devastation linked to crack, heroin,
Shut up!
You might find it hard to believe how serious prosecutors are these days about marijuana.
Be a lead.
I experimented with marijuana a time or two, and I...
Murderers.
...these days about marijuana.
Be a lead.
Be a lead.
I experimented with marijuana a time or two.
How serious are these days about marijuana?
Murderers in this country average just seven years in jail,
and rapist, sick, Clinton-feud will serve the rest of his life.
Sick, Clinton-feud will serve the rest of his life.
...stereo-money, marijuana, and I found a food.
And I'm tired of it.
My murderers have the evidence...
And I'm tired of it.
...of the average person living in jail and rapist, sick, Clinton-feud will serve the rest of his life.
...stereo-money, marijuana, and I found a food.
And I found a food.
Sick, Clinton-feud will serve the rest of his life.
Sick, Clinton-feud will serve the rest of his life.
...and rapist, sick, Clinton-feud will serve the rest of his life.
And I agree with Clinton.
We've got enough stuff just for the last five years of thingies.
You can pull over and get a pretty good sense of who you are.
And I'm tired of them.
That's cool.
And I'm tired of them.
I assume it was against the law, but when we got there,
they told us that as long as we did it inside our apartments or whatever,
nobody would ever hassle us.
I'm going to get a good sense of who you are.
Marijuana possession is illegal.
We've got enough stuff just for the last five years of...
The law like this could have given us an American.
Said they're exterminating people for marijuana.
He didn't kill anybody.
He didn't molest a child.
He didn't rape someone.
I experimented with marijuana at a time of...
Rape is sick.
Rape is sick.
I experimented with marijuana at a time of...
He will serve the rest of his life.
For marijuana.
For marijuana.
He didn't kill anybody.
He didn't molest a child.
He didn't rape someone.
He's just seven years in jail.
Rape is sick.
Sick.
I experimented with marijuana at a time of...
He served the rest of his life.
...the prison and the rape and life for that.
And I'm tired of them.
I just kept saying,
Oh, look, you are crazy.
The whole thing.
Seven years in jail.
Rape is sick.
He served the rest of his life.
...the last five years or ten years.
He can...
I experimented with marijuana at a time of...
I experimented with marijuana at a time of...
I experimented with marijuana at a time of...
That's why I'm still standing here.
And I'm sick and tired of all these people who don't know me,
know nothing about my life,
know nothing about the battles I've fought,
know nothing about the life I've lived,
make snotty-nosed remarks about how I haven't done anything,
in my life, and it's all driven by ambition.
...the West.
That's bull.
But this one...
And I'm tired of it.
I experimented with marijuana at a time of...
Known nothing about the life I've lived,
make snotty-nosed remarks about how I haven't done anything in my life,
and it's all driven by ambition.
I experimented with marijuana at a time of...
That's bull.
And I'm tired of it.
I experimented with marijuana a time or two.
I experimented with marijuana.
I experimented.
I experimented with marijuana a time or two, and I.
Marijuana.
Marijuana.
Could happen.
Well, first we heard the Reagans speaking out on drugs,
and just then was Jesus Harvey Oswald performing, sort of,
I Didn't Inhale.
You know, these days it is terribly popular to...
We're real down on politics, and especially politicians,
which is understandable.
A lot of factors, especially in the areas, I guess, of,
I don't know, campaign financing, in my opinion,
have helped to utterly compromise just about every candidate.
But, you know, luckily, not everyone feels such contempt
for our elected officials.
There are, in fact,
people who have been so inspired, inspired by some presidents,
that they go so far as to put their money where their admiration is.
I'm sure some of you are familiar with the
Send Us Your Poem and We'll Put It to Music and Record It companies.
We've played at least one of those songs on this show,
Blind Man's Enos.
But the most famous of these companies was a company called MSR
out of Hollywood, California.
And there's a new compilation album out called Beat of the Traps,
which collects the, well, best of these records, I guess you'd say.
The album is really, really good,
but in keeping with the political theme of the program tonight,
we're going to focus on the presidential songs.
I've got three of them here, and I hope I can get to all of them.
And part of me just really likes the idea of some guy
from, you know, who knows where,
watching some president on TV,
and becoming so inspired as to put pen to pencil,
you know, pen or probably pencil, I mean,
to line to notebook paper,
and write him up a song,
and send it in with a few bucks to Hollywood.
Just imagine when the recorded version was sent back to the guy.
And then maybe, maybe the guy sent a copy to the White House, you know,
and then maybe one day the president opens his mail
and finds this record there,
and listens.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶ God, in his infinite wisdom,
¶ put Richard Nixon,
¶ put Richard Nixon,


¶ put Richard Nixon,
¶ to bring to us his heritage.
¶¶
¶ One of priceless worth,
¶ a courageous leader,
¶ and a blessed man,
¶ surely in God's plan.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
God in his infinite wisdom
Put Richard Nixon on this earth
To bring to us his heritage
One of priceless worth
His heritage is from heaven
And the magic from above
The rapture of music and melody
Of culture and of love
Yes, God in his infinite wisdom
Put Richard Nixon on this earth
To bring to us his heritage
One of priceless worth
A leader with endless courage
And the magic from above
A miracle, you might say
And all who have met Nixon
Love him so
The genius of his way
God in his infinite wisdom
Put Richard Nixon on this earth
To bring to us his heritage
One of priceless worth
One of priceless worth
God in his infinite wisdom
Put Richard Nixon on this earth
To bring to us his heritage
One of priceless worth
One that will rekindle the glory t
To bring to us his Agency
His glory at the height of the world
A ی applauding great grandeur

Susquele final step
The kingdom of Istanbul
Ooh, the genius of Britain

Her effigy is a Parents' ëDaayeí
Zhloí ко go bridges
To a vision of 29 years
The valour of dallance
A ragtime emeralds
The digitization of harm
to your own administration.
Tell us how you intend to rule the nation.
These are the laws of my administration.
No one is allowed to smoke or tell a dirty joke.
And whistling is forbidden.
We are not allowed to tell a dirty joke.
If chewing gum is chewed, the chewer is pursued,
and in the hoose cow hidden...
The chewer is pursued.
If any form of pleasure is exhibited,
report to me and it will be prohibited.
I'll put my foot down, so shall it be.
This is the land of the free.
The last man nearly ruined this place, he didn't know what to do with it.
If you think this country is bad, just wait till I get through with it.
The country's taxes must be fixed, and I know what to do with it.
If you think you're paying too much,
I'll just wait till I get through with it.
The country's taxes must be fixed, and I know what to do with it.
I won't stand for anything that's crooked or unfair.
I'm strictly on the up and up, so everyone beware.
If anyone's caught taking graft, and I don't get my share,
we stand them up against the wall and out goes the weasel.
So everyone beware, it's crooked or unfair.
Don't let them take the business card, let me in here.
The country's taxes must be fixed,
and I know what to do with it.
If any man should come between a husband and his bride,
we find out which one she prefers by letting her decide.
If she prefers the other man, the husband steps outside.
We stand them up against the wall and pop goes the weasel.
The country's tax is fine, we need to choose a bride.
They're standing up against the wall and waiting for the lightning.
You had an appointment at the House of Representatives.
Good heavens!
You can't go with your trousers up.
I can't, eh? Well, they'll never catch me any other way.
Bush has all of his life and all of his career
made a pretty successful career of sort of minding the store.
He has been a congressman, ambassador to China,
C.A.I., vice president and now president.
That's a pretty good record. Only Richard Nixon surpasses him.
Well, we're talking about two of the most criminal outside of Warren Herding
and Lucy Grant.
Yeah, and Charles Nixon.
We're talking about serious criminals.
Yeah, what do you call it, an enduring criminal conspiracy?
A continuing criminal conspiracy.
When the great scorer comes to write against these names,
George Bush, Nixon, Warren Herding, Grant,
we'll all be up there.
And yet, both in this century, Bush and Nixon have held almost every office
that would be coveted by ambitious politicians or all-American boys.
Nixon was everything except the governor of California.
Oh, boy. That's a point of pride for everybody.
Yeah, Nixon was, on paper, one of the most successful politicians.
Yeah, he was.
He was the most successful in the history of the country.
Now, Ronald Reagan, he only ran for, well, yeah, two offices.
Reagan really had blitzed it.
He was like, I don't know, Roy Rogers.
Yeah, we'll see Reagan about 40 years from now with weird plastic all over him.
Yeah, here's an actor out of Hollywood who was elected with the help of three or four used car dealers
and is a two-term governor of California campaigning against debt,
against the insane, against mental health, against almost everything,
but mainly on an economic program of austerity and balancing the budget.
The bastard left this state, I think, what was it, six times the debt.
Then he runs for president.
After two terms here, he runs for president.
And then that bastard appoints his successor.
Now, nobody's ever done that.
Yeah, his underling, his boy, his capon.
People are not beaten up anymore.
I think it's, I think Bush is right.
This is a kinder, gentler nation, a nation of sheep.
It's all been said before.
It was three years ago, two at the most.
Iowa stands on the corner of Biscuit and Reagan in Texarkana.
George Bush and I were to meet with the head of the Gay and Lesbian Blimp Owners Association,
a very powerful Washington lobbyist.
George was looking for donations for the NAB,
the National Endowment for Vagrants, apparently a pet project for him.
George showed up blank.
He'd just come back from one of those right-for-life rallies
where they say stuff like, burn all the buildings, they might be abortion punks.
You know what I mean.
Bush was in a real bad mood.
I guess he'd woke up on the wrong side of the Rose Garden that morning.
And I told him that I did not want to meet him.
I could be out butt-sledding a Mooney and have a lot better time.
I do not need to waste my time power-stooge-ing with the president.
Now, it's up to the voters.
But understand that if I could just get my hands on those ribby slingers,
I'd take this country back to Kansas.
And yes, even though George Bush's history is a bouncer at a lesbian mall,
I will not exploit that for political purposes.
Let's stay on the issue.
Do you realize that George Bush told me that the United States was suffering from a bum shortage?
Can you believe that?
Neil Bush?
Yeah, he's working again.
I hear he's selling those celeste exams door-to-door.
How about Republican propaganda?
I read in the National Review that I own 14 gift-less family prevention centers.
Now, when I asked William F. Buckley where he got this piece of information,
he replied, and I quote,
I've been loitering from a deceased African American.
And to clear up another Bush lie,
I have not had a homosexual relationship with Carl Sagan.
I want that on the record.
We're just good friends.
Republican dirty tricks?
What does that mean?
He's smelt it?
Doubt it.
Read my lips?
How about pull my finger?
Those are the asylum of deadly sins.
I just love this guy.
Now, check this.
There was this woman standing in the street,
carrying a right to life sign.
She stopped me and said,
Mr. Perot, how can you be for abortion?
She said, you don't know what it's like to have a living being growing inside of you.
And I said, that lady, I've had penworms,
and to tell you the truth, I don't miss them one damn bit.
You know, if you can find George Bush,
when he's not at a fetus-worshiping festival,
or fighting for the rights of epileptics to own automatic firearms,
you've done the hard part.
Why did I decide to run for president?
Well, let's just say, the more I stab myself in the foot,
the less I want to kick my head off.
Because nobody's willing to believe the facts I bring out.
And so nobody is willing to believe me.
Don't love the way política vibrante rappers cuerpo tono
rooutesintón sem documentaries.
I'm sorry about that!
This was about the right thing to do


Giving him the version that heima Adriano
The white man's got a guy in town
The white man's got a guy in town
What was he looking for?
Kill him for the hell of it
He's a bad guy
Drape him and slit his throat
You can't hide
He's a bad guy
You understand that
He's a bad guy




He's a bad guy
The white man's got a guy in town
Kill him for the hell of it
He's a bad guy
Drape him and slit his throat
Black people, what y'all going to do?
Turn this nation apart
The police and the teachers are on the phone
The police and the teachers are on the phone
Obviously a major malfunction
And then there's these people
Who just got on the phone
Obviously a major malfunction
We're rapidly losing the battle
One minute left

In the grave
Virtual annihilation
The wrath to come
Causing violence in American people
Plausible deniability
The current of death
Deniable
National security
Deniable covert operations
Diversions
Conspiracy
Depression
Treachery
Why not a crime?
I've earned everything
My three sisters
My three sisters
The part
The corruption of truth
There is a pain
Please
We're rapidly losing the battle
Conversion
Conspiracy
Deliberation
Slaughter
Sex
Sex
Sex
Sex
Sex
Sex










Hello, everybody.
Encouragement of peace.
Possible deniability.
National security.
Domestic breaking.
Seeing Washington for black people.
Going to die.
Witness the blood.
Well, well, well, well.
Not about Washington.
Remember that we as attackers have the initiative.
Rapidly, ruthlessly, viciously.
Attack, attack.
When in doubt, attack again.
When in doubt, attack again.
When in doubt, attack again.
Can our government be competent?
Jimmy Carter says yes.
Jimmy Carter says yes.
Jimmy Carter says yes.
Can our government be honest?
Jimmy Carter says yes.
Jimmy Carter says yes.
Can our government be decent and open?
As the 39th president, he has spoken yes.
Jimmy Carter says yes.
As your president, I, Jimmy Carter, know it is possible to run a government efficiently
without sin or any corruption.
I will do my level best to run the government decently without any statement of eruption.
Errors and wrongdoings I will reveal to the public.
For corruption while I'm in office, I'll not bargain.
I'll stand tall like old glory.
Faithful to the republic.
Security will prevail as sure as I'm the president.
President Jimmy Carter.
Can our government be competent?
Jimmy Carter says yes.
Jimmy Carter says yes.
Can our government be honest?
Jimmy Carter says yes.
Jimmy Carter says yes.
Jimmy Carter says yes.
Can our government be decent and open?
As the 39th president, he has spoken yes.
Jimmy Carter says yes.
Jimmy, Jimmy Carter, our 39th president.
Jimmy, Jimmy Carter, our 39th president.
Jimmy, Jimmy Carter, our 39th president.
Jimmy, Jimmy Carter, our 39th president.
Indifference is not an option.
Only outspoken insistence that drug use will not be tolerated.
Everyone is obligated to become hysterical at the mere thought of drug use,
just as office workers in 1934 were obligated to scream curses
like Pavlov's frothing dog.
cowlif5nk0g0k1155》
Lhow the enemy leader appeared on screen.
And they'd better scream loud and scream ugly.
I remember during the Mike Bell flap.
Eye witness news was going around prowling the streets,
you know, sticking mics and everybody's face.
Well, I think that making the money they do,
they should be serving as an example.
She gives plenty of mike time.
You know you can talk to anyone and you need the money they need.


And here's a black cat working on some underground cables, straightens up and says, I think if someone uses drugs, it's his own business.
Boy, did they get that mic out of his face.
He didn't even get the word out.
Freedom of the press to say what they want to hear and call it the voice of the people.
Urine tests.
Our pioneer ancestors were in their graves at the thought of urine tests to decide whether a man is competent to do his job.
I

I
, I will not raise the taxes on a working man and woman of this country.
Read my lips.
No new taxes.
Read my lips.
No new taxes.
Read my lips.
No new taxes.
Read my lips.
The flexible freeze will get the deficit gone by, you know, 91 or 92.
Well, today's unemployment figures show the economy is moving in the right direction.
The economy is strengthening the economies on the right track.
I'm not prepared to say where in recession.
It is not does not fit the definition of recession.
Not recession.
is not recession. This recession is far less deep than the previous recession.
I think I've known, look, this economy has been free-fall. I probably have made mistakes
in assessing the fact that the economy would recover. The negotiators are free to discuss
a wide array of options, including tax increases.
Read my lips. No new taxes.
I was wrong. I was wrong. I was wrong. I was wrong.
Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips.
My stand is this. I oppose abortion. I oppose federal funding of abortion, except in the
case of rape, incest, and the life of the mother. I do not favor repeal of the Constitution
in that regard.
What you're saying is this shows that I supported federal funding if there was rape or incest.
And I don't recall that, but if it's there, fine. That's not my position now. And I don't
recall it as being my position then.
I don't favor a federal amendment to overthrow the Supreme Court decision. And I am firmly
positioned in favor of, you know, overturning the Constitution.
I'm not going to change that position.
You know, there has been, I have to make a confession, an evolution in my position.
Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips.
Come on, Mike, go give us a break there.
I want to be the education president. I don't care about my personal label. I am committed
to education, although budget dollars are very tight. Education is so important to me
that I've increased funding.
Dollar bills don't educate students. People coming out of college that can't read and
have the level of literacy in this country abominably low.
I've proposed a college savings bond to help young people save for that expense so that
you can afford to send your college to children.
Read my lips. Read my lips.
Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips.
Everything I did last year was the purpose of advancing my, everything I did politically,
advancing my election.
Voters know the difference between a sound bite and sound policy.
Let's not kid ourselves. We're in a tough time.


I fight. But you know me, I don't seek unnecessary conflict. I fight to win. And I am determined
to win and I will win.
When I want to feel a surge of patriotism or turn nostalgic, or even when I need a little
free advice about Saddam Hussein, I turn to country music.
You run for cover, get under the bush like a quail and hope that you don't get flushed
out for a while.
Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips. Read

my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips. Read my lips.
People said to me the other day, you think the President knew about Watergate? I said,
he didn't know about Watergate. They said, how do you know? I said, because I believe
the President and I believe in the Presidency.
I was not.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
♥3. Ty physical strength sci-fianki♥
Sam was a nice man.
Sam owned a small farm near St. George, Utah.
He worked very hard on his farm and made a decent living.
Sam was a good American.
He always paid his taxes.
He would figure out what he owed and mail it promptly to the government.
The government used Sam's money to improve its nuclear bonds,
which it tested not far away from St. George.
Sam kept paying his taxes.
He would go home every now and then to Hampshire.
And then cloud and vine.
Sam got sick.
Leukemia, they said.
Radioactivity, baby, they said.
Sam died.
America thanks you, Sam.
America thanks you.
I only go home when Sam said yes.
America thanks you.
I take it open together to install the materials because it is my job
and I wont lose my job that slept in your house.




Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Hey Alex, listen.
S Boulevard got people spraying Melan件 in a water system.
It meant why he lived with me.
He was awake when I woke.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Well, dear listeners, we've reached the end of this particular hour of Slack,
the election 92 hour of Slack.
We hope you enjoyed it.
And I know there are all sorts of you out there who,
who listened to the show in the hopes of forgetting all about the election
and the potentially disastrous choice you have to make.
And here we are rubbing your noses right in those choices.
And in fact,
making it even worse by accentuating the less attractive qualities of the
candidates hurts.
Don't it?
Well, we're, we're,
what have we listened to in the way back there?
We heard the great Rod Rogers doing Richard Nixon and Groucho Marx scene from
duck soup, Hunter S.
Thompson talking about president Bush groove handle doing Ross three 16 and a
song from Gwar from the America must be destroyed CD.
Okay.
And Rod Rogers again,
doing Jimmy Carter says yes.
From beat of the traps and William S.
Burroughs on drug hysteria and a thousand points of night,
which is actually a guy named Don was,
uh,
did the read my lips tune.
And then we heard these sedition commission with the story of Sam and that
where he leads me,
I will follow was Jethro Tilton.
And right now it's so,
so data.
So again,
this was the election show and I'm to finish.
I'm certainly not going to stand here and berate you about whether or not you
should vote.
I mean,
I think you really and truly should.
It's a duty,
if not always a pleasure,
but since every other minute,
there's some actor or scantily clad rock star telling you to vote,
whether they've registered or not,
I'm just going to leave it up to your individual conscience.
And speaking of rock stars,
uh,
I'm really upset about,
uh,
Sinead O'Connor.
I was,
I was quite happy and comfortable in my dislike of her and her bald headed pretentiousness.
And then last week she goes and pulls a cool stunt on live national television that forces me to love her.
So way to go.
Sinead.
I hope some of you saw her.
It was really an amazing,
shocking moment for television anyway,
and hope you saw it cause I don't think they're going to be rerunning it ever.
Not in my life too many.
One and all the subject of television.
I'm sure you've all heard.
By now about,
uh,
John,
Chris,
Felicity getting fired from the Ren and Stimpy show primarily for not meeting their schedule.
And we got this,
uh,
magazine called holy temple of mass consumption.
And,
uh,
they recap the various press releases and interviews and suggest writing to Nickelodeon and MTV to get him his job back,
which it's an admirable sentiment,
but I think it's probably doomed to failure.
I think this firing is pretty much a done deal.
Apparently he's appearing planning to,
uh,
go on to other things.
The quote from him I read was that farts are behind me now.
So getting him his job back is probably not possible.
However,
writing to Nickelodeon and calling them to insult,
berate and curse them for their foolish decision.
Well,
that might be,
if not productive,
at least mildly satisfying.
So,
uh,
I'm going to give you their address and phone number right to Nickelodeon headquarters at one five,
one,
five Broadway,
New York,
New York,
one,
oh,
oh,
three,
six.
And,
uh,
register your opinion or call them at the area code two one,
two,
two,
five,
eight,
7,
500.
I think I will.
And of course the,
uh,
the address for the church of the sub genius.
If you needed any more information from them,
like this little baby,
we love baby.
If you need any information about the church of the sub genius,

write to us at P O box one four,
oh three Oh six in Dallas,
Texas,
seven,
five,
two,
one,
four.
Thank you ever so much for listening.
And,
uh,
what was I going to say?
Oh,
wait,
praise.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
No matter how much money you have,
the sad fact remains that regardless of what color Porsche or BMW or Lamborghini,
you have,
you will never be one of George Bush's rich friends.
George Bush does not want you to be his friend.
George Bush does not care enough about you to even dislike you.
You cannot afford to buy your way.
Into his country club.
It does not matter if you're a slave in the fields or a slave in the office or a slave in the big house on the hill.
You're still a slave and at best a middle management slave prodding and whipping and abusing those beneath you in a desperate fervor,
praying that you will suddenly find yourself a part of that inner circle.
Believe me,
you will be dead long before you get close to that inner circle.
And you will be replaced the very next day by yet another well groomed,
well oiled,
eager,
well meaning,
brown nosing slave.
This year's model.
Recently,
we observed the imploding of communism in Eastern Europe.
Now,
what do you think brought all that about?
Was it because the communist system was flawed and doomed to collapse from its very inception?
No,
I don't think so.
I think it was because of the ineffective,
greedy,
myopic,
and insensitive bureaucrats who were charged with the responsibility of keeping the machine running.
Interesting parallel,
don't you think?
They're not all that different from the ineffective,
greedy,
myopic,
and insensitive bureaucrats charged with the responsibility of keeping our machine running.
But rather than choose to evict them,
as was the case at the time,
in Russia,
all too often,
we choose to emulate them,
to ape their postures,
their uniforms,
their speech patterns and phraseology.
But remember what I said.
George Bush and his rich friends do not need you in their country club.
Stop acting like you're next on the docket,
because you aren't.
Stop acting like everything is all right,
because it isn't.
Nothing is all right.
And if you can look around you at the state of this country,
and not secretly admit to yourself that our system is just as vulnerable as theirs,
and that their dominoes just happen to fall first,
then either you're truly one of George Bush's rich friends,
or else you're truly ignorant.
It's the top 3% who really call the shots in this corporate fiefdom we lovingly sing to in all of those patriotic songs.
If you're fortunate enough to be working right now,
remember,
you're working at least three of those days
to pay off your accrued interest charges,
and to help fund a government
that can't even help you feel safe
as you stand in line to cash what's left of your paycheck.
That 3% at the top,
the real inner circle,
is bleeding you dry.
It's bleeding this country dry,
not to mention what's left of this planet.
And as we trip over each other,
in our rush to emulate our leaders,
we wallow, like pigs,
in the waste of our abundance,
oblivious to our inevitable slaughter.
And why do we continue to do this?
Why do we continue to remain on this treadmill to oblivion?
Why can't we learn from our collective histories?
I don't know.
I can't answer that.
Freedom without structure is anarchy.
Structure without freedom is fascism.
What are you?
An anarchist?
Or a fascist?
You cannot afford the initiation fee
to George Bush's country club.
Remember,
capitalism is not a game of chess.



It's not democracy.
Convenience is not freedom.
And the government is not your friend.
