First time believing in the works.
Cut your hair off every time.
AHHHHHH!
Oh stop! Stop!
Okay, okay, okay.
AHHHHHH!
HAHAHAHA!
More red dye!
It's K-N-O-N 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
We see you soon!
We see you soon!
AHHHHHH!
AHHHHHH!
AHHHHHH!
And you are listening to the Hour of Slack.
Remember the elements.
You know, I think I saw those things once.
The UFOs.
It was really, it was kind of scary.
I saw all these fucking colored lights.
And sounds.
I mean sounds and lights like I ain't never heard before.
Yep the little glass doors.
But yeah, it is a ​​worshipped object.




Praise Bob.
We're here to worship dear friends.
to worship the WORD of Bob
BOB
Bob! Bob! Bob!
Bob! Bob! Bob!
Bob! Bob! Bob!
Bob! Bob! Bob!
He's a maniac!
He's a maniac!
Bob!
He's a maniac!
Bob!
But let's leave things of this world behind
and walk now down the path of Bob
for this brief minute of slack
from the church of the subgenius.
Release your hold on this tenuous practical joke
they call reality.
Let your body be sucked out of your ears
for we're going to take you deep, deep inside yourself
to the place of silence in the noise.
We're going deeper, deeper into your consciousness,
down past the membranes of the fabric of your very mind.
We bore down into the cranium,
drilling through the irrelevant memories of job and normality,
piercing the squamous epizootis,
rolling around in the hollowed-out inside of the skull,
scraping along the edges of the birth canal
and stretching the imagination gland until it pops.
Now, let all your thoughts drain out through the brain pan,
tumble down through the sinuses,
slide down the esophagus,
and finally, let them plunge to the base of the soul itself,
located in the lowest organ of your body, the foot gland.
And finally, an idea, a key, an ultimate plan
is born at the very bottom.
And finally, an idea, a key, an ultimate plan is born at the very bottom.
of your mind.
And it is Bob.
Wake up, puppet boy!
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm gonna bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
I have Bob's Leggings!
No trouble.
Just get set and get going.
You hear me?
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Welcome, potential initiates,
and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
What about Slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Here, the watch in front of us blurs and distorts time.
Soon, we will be deep in a hypnotic trance.
What wonders will we see?
What wonders will we see?
Hey, kids!
Get some money out of your parents' wallets and send it to Bob.
Here!
Pull at a level, and you're done.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the hour of Slack.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry,
hour of Slack.

Slang. Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megaphist Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius,
with Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs, living avatar of Slack and saint of sales on planet Earth.
You have to love Bob. He loves you, but you love Bob. You have to.
Or else what happens if you don't love Bob?
He'll kill you. He'll bob you out.
He'll bob you out.
Folks, you heard it here first.
You heard it here first.
If you don't love Bob, he'll bob you out.
He will bob you out.
Yes?
You can assure your family's safe, secure comfort.
But hurry. But hurry. But hurry.
We're in a hurry, dear friends.
We're in a hurry.
We're in a hurry.
We're in a hurry.
Ah, yes.
The harvest.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Tonight's Hour of Slack is underwritten by...
The Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company.
The Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company features Dobbs-approved church wear, including t-shirts, buttons, and survivalist uniform patches.
That's The Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company serving the public since...
God knows when.
God knows when.
The P.O. Box number there...
There, not here...
Is P.O. Box 595148, Dallas, Texas 75359-5148.
Thanks, Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company, for supporting K.N.O.N.
Thanks, Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company, for supporting K.N.O.N.
And for the
Uh, yes dear friends and...
well this is the last Hour of Slack you're gonna hear for a couple of weeks because I'm gonna be out of town.
And good ol' Robert Wisdom's gonna do an extra hour, but it will be a Spike Jones Hour, he says.
So those of you who've, uh, subgeniuses who've never heard Spike Jones...
Check it out.
and if you have I know you will check it out
yes
the music of Bob
no Johan was filled with visions of Bob when he wrote this one and thanks to Tom
Williams who did call in to support the sponsorship of the lily Jing the Pope
the very Pope of all China who will indeed now come to this fair nation
about
and so to get away from this song on tape deck number one we have to bring up
negative plans
so that we may then go
hey
hope you know where your life
bitch revealed over the air by then doctors of precision
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Yes, very strange.
Teaching me, huh?
Yes, very strange.
Now, I remember indeed.
We both left the front line.
He took me to a cave.
And inside he lighted a lighter.
And I saw a stall there.
He opened the door of it.
And inside was something that looked like a porcelain altar.
And then...
And it exploded.
I was farting fire.
It was unbelievable.
For the first time in my life.
Could this be the ancient rite of pyroflagellation?
What?
Pyro what?
What?
Anyway.
I have shown this trick to my kids many times.
And they too.
They too play this game which sometimes is very dangerous.
Sometimes it can backfire, you know.
Oh.
Yes.
Yes.
The backfire.
It can result sometimes in dangerous incidents such as the gut blowout or the bladder splatter.
But.
Some other strange things have surfaced.
Ah, there we go.
It's coming out of bed.



both ends now on KPFA.
We wanted a morning celebration.
It was. Now we have all those little creatures
running around like crazy.
Okay, everybody just heap it down. We've got a caller here.
I know, I know. I can't believe it.
He called.
Oh, hello.
Rewind that caller.
Oh, I'm really here, huh?
No, uh-uh.
I'm not, huh?
I was just wondering what station this is.
So was I. Earlier it was KNON from Dallas, Texas,
but that was a satellite being the Mobius Rex
was pulling in.
No, it still is KNON.
I have to look around here and find out.
It's not KPFA in Berkeley with puzzling evidence.
Well, you know, they left several numbers last night
and I called about five or six of them.
I thought it was some pretty revolutionary radio there.
Here?
We're coming in on this beam, man.
Where were you listening to? What kind of show?
Uh, KNON, I guess.
Dallas, Texas.
Yes, that was it.
No, you can't hear that in San Francisco.
Anything you'd like to hear?
Anything you'd like to tell the purveyors of that show?
What's that?
Is there anything you'd like to tell the purveyors of that show?
They're listening right now.
Yes, we are.
Oh, I would like to say that you guys, you know,
me and my girlfriend were listening to you tonight
and we were even listening through a dual radio,
through two telephones, listening to the radio.
Through duals in Brazil?
And it was wonderful, man.
We were sitting here and we tried calling the numbers
that they had given, you know,
trying to do pledges or whatever it was.
I thought it was great radio, man.
I'm so sick of commercial crap.
I can't even stand it anymore, you know.
And to hear something like that coming across the airwaves
is wonderful.
Get in that commercial crap.
How much do they pay you to do this?
Shit.
They haven't paid me anything yet.
Ow, listener, ow, ow.
Okay, well, they will.
No, they won't, man.
They don't pay for that sort of stuff.
That's right.
But I think it's great, man.
That's all I want.
It is.
Well, that's great.
Finally, after all these numbers I heard
through the course of the evening,
I finally got a great number and I got through.
It breaks all my nerves.
I know, there are a lot of numbers down here.
That's great.
That's her show.
Puzzling evidence.
Okay, well, great.
I just want to say that that's fantastic.
Man, does this go on all the time?
Is there other, does this happen regularly?
Yes, it does go on 24 hours a day
and every once in a while here at KPFA,
they plug in, oh, I sent the call letters, but.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Well, you see, that poor guy listening to KPFA and Berkley,
well, because they were subgeniuses,
that night he was listening to a tape of KNON
and while he was calling,
calling up the Dallas phone numbers
trying to pledge money to KNON,
but there he was in Berkley not knowing where he was
and where we were and why any of that happened.
But, friends, you can call here and fulfill your pledge
and talk to the Willa Dobbs about why we worship Bob Dobbs
and why you should, too, if you value your skin
and since we value your wallet, dear friends,
both.
The Church of the Subgenius, which you're listening to now,
and KNON, which we have temporarily supplanted until midnight.
Now, and you can call 828-9500 or 823-7490
and, you know, if it rings and rings and rings,
well, that's because Will's got a live one on the other line.
So, hang on and don't give up.
Oh, listen to that show.
Hurting your speakers.
You know, this is going to...
Taping this show is going to damage your equipment.
Did you know that?
Because of the copy protection that you hear now working into it.
And we want...
We want...
Some of the...
Almost everybody has fulfilled their pledges, dear friends.
You have done that.
Almost all of you, except for the accursed Alan,
the damned Laura,
the hellbound Jeff,
the poor dejected Bill,
Brian,
Dean.
Dean?
I can't believe it.
And John, with the last name of a Robert Anton Wilson character.
It's hard to believe, man.
Mike, the hopelessly doomed one.
Matthew, Jim, and Troy, the anything for a laugh trio.
Friends, you need to go ahead and finish off that.
How do they know we're here?
It's just a little check.
These aren't giant checks, I see.
They're like 20 bucks.
Almost all of them there.
One of them, 60.
Yeah.
Well, we need that, man, or we're going to look stupid.
On this giant thermometer here they put up in this station.
And they're jamming, man.
They're jamming again.
Oh, God.
Only one thing to do in it.
Squeak the little radio chair until...
Until it pops.
Oh, people who wait in the shadow of deep thought
are the descendants of Broom Thunder.
With their whole magic ties, the time of waiting is over.
Seven and a half million years, our race has waited for this great and
hopefully enlightening day, the Day of the Answer.
Never again will we wake up in the morning and think,
who am I?
What is my purpose in life?
Does it really, cosmically speaking, matter if I don't get up and go to the

to work.
For today, we will finally
learn once and for all the plain
and simple answer to all these
nagging little problems of life,
the universe, and everything.
From today, we can enjoy
our games of Brookian
Ultra Cricket in the firm and
comfortable knowledge that the meaning of
life is now well and
truly sorted out.
Yes, tonight, friends, you're going to hear two different versions
of the meaning of life.
Good evening.
Good evening.
Oh, deep thought.
Do you have...
Have you, uh...
That is, uh...
An answer for you?
Yes.
Yes, I have.
There really is one?
There really is one.
To everything? To the great question of life, the universe, and everything?
Yes.
Are you ready to give it to us?
I am.
Now?
Now.
Wow.
Though I don't think you're going to like it...
Doesn't matter. We must know it. Now.
Now?
Yes, now.
All right.
Well...
You're really not going to like it.
Tell us.
All right.
The answer to everything...
Life, the universe,
and everything...
Is...
Is...
Is...
Yes?
42.
6 four monday
9 weekend
It's almost 7 am
I'm disappointed, just a little worried.



It's like 3pm?
9 cars and 3 meters of snow.

An linha has no speed.
The構ANOS
And what's there?
An arena.


I had showed…
Here it is.
We're gonna buy you what's in that magazine later after the show.
I mean, after all, this is a church. There's got to be a certain amount of hypocrisy.
And a certain number of colors.
Fantastic, man.
Yeah, fantastic.
Yeah, well, all I gotta say is that's terrific, man. I hope y'all keep doing it because...
We will transfer the word to the...
Aesthetic of our friend.
To that other K-N-O-N friend.
Yeah, well, I think we need more anti-commercial stations, and I'm willing to pay for it.
Oh, I agree. Yeah, me too. True, thanks.
Okay, bye.
Synthetic spleen.
They're okay. Synthetic spleen collar.
Please leave your name and a message. You may start your message now.
Okay.
Hey, man, I'm a prisoner. I'm a prisoner in San Quentin, man.
I wanna have a little correspondence, you know what I mean?
No, no, that's counterfeit. It's 20 to 6, and you can't use the phone right now.
No, man, it's like, you know, I snuck into the phone room, man. The guards are gonna beat the shit out of me when he finds me.
Okay, we'll play a song for you then, as metal meets flesh here at San Quentin.
Let's discuss your non-plus repercussions there.
I'll probably get an extra year in jail because I was taken to the phone room.
The least you can do is give me a little condolence.
Oh, wait a minute, the guard's coming. Oh, wait a minute, I'm just here.
Oh.
We're showing our concern down here by playing those pink songs that everybody hates so much.
Oh, symbolic.
Here's one by a band called Burnjob.
It's spooky.
Oh, spooky indeed. This show's always spooky, but we use another word to describe it, but we'll try not to say it,
because that's the sub-lulululululul message that we're not allowed to say in the air.
Let's see if I'll just go over here and press play.
Whoop!
Oh, no.
Oh, more pink music.
Oh, it's good pink music, but still, it's still $8 a ticket down in Bass.
Kid's playing with the phone.
And you can call and play with the phone.
828-9500 or 823-7490.
And speak to the Will-o-Dogs about why you have to have an hour of slack every Sunday night.
The scary show.
Oops!
For instance, archaeologists working in some of the more desolate areas of this land have turned up fossils of footprints.
Footprints which show early development.
The foot-gland.
The what?
The foot-gland, which is an apparatus of the body that was developed in the human race solely through the efforts of Bob.
Now you talk about it.
There was something very strange about Bob.
I don't know.




We were never shaking hands.
He was shaking my foot.
Shaking your foot?
Yes, he said.
Let me shake your foot.
I always ask him, why do you give me so much attention, Bob?
He just smiled and he said, let me shake your foot.
Well, this could be...
Let me see your foot.
What?
Yeah, just slip off your boot.
Okay, then.
It seems like old times are returning.
Okay, I slip off my boot.
And here is my foot.
Yes, yes.
Yes, I see it.
It's very undeveloped, but it is indeed a foot-gland.
You may not be familiar with this organ.
But of course it is well known to the subgenius.
This is the organ upon which you walk and you walk extensively.
After a great deal of physical exertion,
you lead yourself to some of the most phenomenal acts of sex that you've ever performed.
Now I remember.
One day, when the war was just over, Bob showed me something.
He had it folded in his handkerchief.
He folded it open and there was a spear point.
The point of a spear.
And inside it was a nail.
And he said to me,
Look at this point.
This spear point pierced the side of Christ when he was hanging on the cross.
But this nail that's inside of it is even more important.
This nail pierced Bo's feet.
The feet of Jesus Christ.
So perhaps that has something to do with your foot-gland.
He told me he was bringing this very powerful object
that was in the hands of Adolf Hitler straight to Churchill.
Who gave it to you guys.
The Americans.
You owned that very powerful object.
At the time when the first big explosion in Japan took place.
This Bob is somebody strange.
I think now.
And you can turn to page 17 in your subgenius church radio syllabus and we can begin the lesson.
Now my friends.
My old buddy God was a weird cat.
He really was.
He was into everything.
He used to make universes.
Cranked out quite a number of them years ago and supposedly he's still at it.
I don't know if it was really an infinite number of universes.
I mean you got to stop somewhere.
But old God he had this deal where you go from one universe to another every time you died.
They start you off in the before life which was sort of like eternal paradise.
To kind of get you off on the right foot.
And all of a sudden you'd lose your memory and get born here on earth.
And then when you got old and died you'd pass on to the etheric universe next door.
And why after you died there you'd be born into the angelic universe.
So once there friend you'd find out there were dozens and dozens of them.
Each one better than the last.
In fact each one incomprehensibly better than the last.
And as long as you didn't screw up too bad you could keep on traveling up through the universes.
Getting ever closer to the Bob head.
But right when you thought the next level would be the last.
And the ultimate peak experience of it all.
Eternal slackness friends.
Why instead right then you'd get reborn on earth with your memory wiped out again.
Just a few years after you died there the last time.
And you'd have to start all over again.
And that's how it all keeps going on infinitely.
Friends you know sooner or later you run out of infinity.
Even infinity.
But see here's the thing.
Usually these facts are never announced in this universe.
Friends and we do it on this show where we know it won't be believed.
But see if you die bad friend.
Or if you're a messed up person.
You might leave behind a part of your soul.
The lower soul or what we call the nental eye.
And that becomes a poltergeist friend.
Or a wandering shade.
An earth bound spirit doomed to roam the earth.
Pathetically repeating it's sad loop of behavior.
That made it split from the higher soul in the first place.
Can you imagine a ghost trying to buy a pack of cigarettes for eternity friends?
Not a gift a love angel getting.
A story if it's true.
Love story in our hands.
P 04


Damn it men.
that's some shit I always wanted.
We love asshole pelvic floor.
What did I go down for 있나?

A
Z
The rule of life, stretching on and on, but it stops them well. Because time keeps ticking away. Time keeps on ticking away. Because time keeps ticking away. Time keeps on ticking away.
Let me tell you about a boy, an average but he's twice in love with two very different girls.
He knew when life is short, he told them both the truth, but they already knew.
Now he's a happy guy.
Now he's a happy guy.
Now he's a happy guy.
Well, there's a random turn on the game show field.
Unpredictable.
Unpredictable.
Unpredictable.
Unpredictable.
Unpredictable.
Unpredictable.
Unpredictable.
Unpredictable.
Unpredictable.
Unpredictable.
Unpredictable.
incarnated as a work of art
He's got a brand new start
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Now he's a happy guy
Now he's a happy guy
Now he's a happy guy
Now he's a happy guy
Now he's a happy guy
Oh, yes.
And what did we hear there, dear friends?
We heard the Amsterdam subgenius special report courtesy of Inhibiting Factor.
We heard Yours Truly with the Life After Death rant.
And we heard the new unreleasable Devo song, one of many.
You know, there's an interesting thing about that song there.
If the De Laurentiis folks had not changed their mind,
the tune from that song would have been the theme,
the main theme for the movie Dune.
But they did change their minds.
Hey, are you the kind of person who likes to stay up late at night
and get kind of...
Volcano Inn is definitely the place for you to turn to late at night.
Just check out our late night programming schedule.
Truly.
Home of the weird.
Who's day in the fall night?
Sunday, 12 to 2 a.m. it's Radio Freeboro with Ari and Terry
spinning the best hardcore you're going to hear in this town.
2 to 4 a.m. it's The Metal Show with Jerry Ward and Rock and the Electroplex.
Monday, 12 to 4 a.m. it's The Memory Lane Soul Oldie Show with Ron Lindsey.
Tuesday, a couple of notorious Dallas guitar players make their weekly appearance here.
12 to 2 a.m. it's Mark's Hotline.
It's with Mark Teuton featuring acoustic blues of the 20s and 30s.
2 to 4 a.m. it's Hash Brown's All Request Blues Hour,
playing what you want to hear.
Wednesday, it's Outside Radio from 12 to 2 with Steve Barton,
a mix of avant-garde and industrial weirdness.
2 to 4 a.m. it's Mixed Well Before Serving,
a show with classic early to mid-70s rock and roll-like Little Feet and Jimi Hendrix.
Thursday, Life is Hard with Jeff Wiles,
from 12 to 2 with hardcore skate rap.
Next up, The News Show with Liza Richardson from 2 to 4.
More hardcore underground dance music just for you.
Friday, Radio Soiree with the amazing Neon Creature,
not of this earth.
Weird, outside, definitely electronic.
One more time, 2 to 4, it's Mixed Well Before Serving.
Saturday, 11 to 1, Lone Star Dead with Dave Moynihan,
playing the best of the...
...Grateful Dead.
1 to 4 is HA with Alan Andre.
Where else can you hear Bauhaus, Skinny Puppy,
and Scrapping Fetus Off the Wheel all on the same show?
So hey, if you're up and you're out, tune in.
K-N-O-N, 90.9.
The players return through late night, whenever you want to get...
...This is the Hour!
Oh, great. They didn't even mention the Hour of Slack. Huh.
I guess we're just not as bizarre as those punk music shows.
They're so much more bizarre.
Oh, gosh.
What is fact, and what is apparition?
In an English garden, a ghost appears to be trying to recapture some lost time of her past life.
They're here.
Hauntings can go on.
Determination has to...
...to the young man who has been starved to death.
What I meant to say was...
Out in the vast realm of the night, what terror does the night hold for you?
What monstrous vision might be awaiting for you?
Beyond life, beyond the grave, beyond the realm of death.
You mean life after death?
Yes.
Is there?
Yes, I think there is.
If I'm correct, the life force is conserved always and in all things, even after death.
And you think that applies to what's happened here tonight?
Yes.
Yes, I do.
I think that girl, creature...
...drained energy, life force, partially from Bukowski and totally from the guard.
That girl was no girl.
She's totally alien to this planet and our life form.
And totally dangerous.
There is no such a thing called death.
It's just a transformation.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
As you knew, will know, subgenius souls, or...
...nental essences, are volatile, brightly colored, and usually very fast when they care to be.
They go where they want and are hard for others to control.
Souls of normals, however, are bland-looking pill-like beings.
Although in life, subs and norms are almost indistinguishable, after death this is a hard mistake to make.
When a subgenius dies, the nantescence bursts through.
It's massless seed careens in a pan-galactic journey, lasting but a moment of our time.
It usually returns once to make sure it's really dead, before moving on to the before-life.
Due to a 10,000 year disinformation campaign by the con, a jaded stereotype of heaven and hell is being pushed by the false churches.
In fact, there's little difference between the two.
Subgeni are all human beings.
They often commute between heaven and hell.
I was still reporting from Doc's Docks.
Still trying to give you some idea of what it was like.
To figure out why we gave them all that much money to begin with.
What they did with it.
Doug, try one more.
Try one more.
One more. One more.
Doug, try one more.
I kept hearing it over and over again.
I want more.
I want more.
I want more.
I want more.
I want more.

Subgenius spiritual mastery is not maintained without struggle.
The subgenius must be vigilant and must hone his abnormality.
He must tithe the church.
Otherwise, the nantescence loses its spark, and then subgenius degenerates and dies normal.
This is a death worse than any fate.
When a normal dies, it exhausts all of its puny strength in a vain effort to hover near
the body it squandered.
A pale, shell-like entity soon is carried away by wind or other forces.
Being lighter than air, the pink, although they may be bland versions of other colors,
the pink soul drifts aimlessly.
Although pinkster souls, also known as plugs, do take a toll on the soul, they are not
intended to cluster.
The plugs are gathered up by cosmic agents, usually representing Jehovah One, who has
the largest franchise in this area.
The plugs are sprinkled into vats.
The vats have an energy source which melts the plug shells, making them bond together.
As new plugs continue to collect above, the norm souls' shapes and colors blend until
they resemble a lumpy stew.
Ultimately, the plugs form a clear slurry, which drains the soul.
Thus, normals cannot be said to have led past lives.
It was just normal.
I'm Pastor Bucknaken.
You can write to me at Post Office Box 140026, Dallas, Texas 75214.
I'm your host, altitude south, denk, and welcome everyone to Porch with an advantage.








Patterns everywhere, patterns of behavior, sometimes seem unfair. Can you recognize the patterns that you find?
Patterns unfamiliar, patterns lead you through, to patterns of discovery, tracing out the clues. Can you recognize the patterns that you find? Stuck in your mind.
Wonder who did shoot Bob anyway? He he he.
Guess I'll walk on down to the Victoria Theatre, plug into the old computer.
So, I'm going to go to the theatre.
I don't see anything going on at all.
Check out the other reasons why you should buy some genius products.
Reason number one, I am the one.
Reason number two, you can know doctors for Wotan.
Reason number three, we will not suffocate you or your wife with mayonnaise.
This has been a message from the Subgenius Church. We hope that you will send us money.
Don't forget, if you don't have a check or credit account with the Subgenius Church, you can send food stamps, money, broken engine repair parts, pieces of a meaningless void, half-forgotten personality forms, and or broken tree rot caterpillar dung.
You can send brain-walking tree sockets or tree backwards mouth climbs.
You can send tunnel inner non-existent void particles.
You can send negro-influenced voice wave tap-shoe disc patterns.
You can send us cow vomit, tooth broken, leaven gated, elongated, creation-oriented, spear gum, rest ruts, scars.
You can send us Niki.
Niki flakes.
You can send us rogue, black, coal, orange, peel, vision, groove, single-file, sink, rassembled, GEEZ.
Doctors for Bob.
Doctors for Bob.
You can send us other things, including broken wheelchairs.
You can send us void anti-matter form, reality shape form patterns.
You can send us new patterns, that which do not exist within the given universe.
In this land, where stability is hard to find, you can rearrange the pattern so unkind.
Don't bother asking why.
The pattern never dries.
Pathless infinite void, those who will not write their names and addresses and or social security numbers on paper.
pieces of paper, but can send these in the forms of credit cards and or walking sticks
broken or fixed.
It can be repaired glass, it can't be broken mirrors, but however if you send us your tires,
be sure to remove them from the car first.
We can't pay the postage on anything smaller than a pickup truck.
If you want to send broken pillows, pieces of glass, you can send off for, please order
our handmade robot kits, genetic farming, something that does have three life form patterns,
these life form patterns are on Sterno and myself.
I think Doug Smith is also patented, but his patent is owned by US Steel.
Just try one more Doug, go ahead, try one more Doug, try one more, try one more.
Dr. Condom please, Dr. Condom, I've got a prescription for you, especially for a year.
Dr. Condom please, Dr. Condom, I've got a prescription for you, especially for a year.
Give me a skull job.
Dr. Oh look, this is the one.
Dr. Tie that skull to a pill, stop it from levitating.
Dr. Everybody dead behind that door.
Dr. The door wouldn't do.
Dr. That skull's levitating, lads.
Try one more Doug.
Dr. Tie it to a post.
Dr. Over there by that mule.
Dr. Quick.
Dr. This isn't a line, this is a daisy chain.
Dr. Hook them up boys.
Dr. Get the soap.
Dr. Hey that soap's on a rope and the rope's on a...
Dr. This is the end of the line.
Dr. My lord.
Dr. The rope?
Dr.
Dr.
Dr.
Dr.
Dr.
Dr.
Dr. Some people...
Dr. Just get lost on the way to the light.
Dr. And they need someone to guide them to it.
Dr.
Dr.
Dr.
Dr.
Dr.

Dr.
Dr.



Daniel исторically and antholistically
Eric wrong a lot of соответs know to to my
escape velocity, but not the need for a veracity.
Look, if you're both a particle and a wave,
you're exhibiting a certain particle,
particulate-like behavior.
That behavior can be measured.
You're going to collapse the wave function
into the wave implement.
It is well, with that kind of wave front,
you suffer from the need to employ such a mechanism
in figuring things out in a two-dimensional type of schema.
Maybe the listener knows about this.
Oh, those little glistening listeners
would never understand,
but what's that sound like, heavy breathing?
There's a lot of power.
It's a small room, but there's a...
There's something that sounds like a huge beast
drawing its scaly coils along a stone floor in here.
Bob is coming, friend, and you can take that literally,
because death for a subgenius hero
is merely a transfer over to the pleasure dimensions.
Now, unfortunately, many of us aren't heroes.
There's no water in hell, friends.
There's fire, and you can't get a drink,
and you can't...
put out that fire,
and you have many, many lives in hell.
It's reincarnation, just like here on Earth,
because Earth, you know, is just the top floor of hell.
That's right.
You're in hell right now.
You are in hell now.
Of course, this is the part of hell
where you don't even know you're in hell,
and when the demons mention it,
you think they're kidding.
Oh, you'll find out.
Hell is real,
and there's no water down there, friend.
They don't even have rock and roll in some parts of hell,
and you can never win.
The computer, by definition, it cannot lose.
You can score real high,
but sooner or later, it's gonna get you,
because they creep up on you,
and that's the way it is here on Earth.
They creep up on you
and try to get you all mixed up about heaven and hell.
Bob is coming, my friend,
but when he's finished with that,
he's gonna be mad.
Let there be slack.
Lift that tail.
Perhaps it would be good to get a reading from Level 7, you know.
Not again.
They need to know what's happening up here.
Down on Level 7,
they think they've got the best type of facilities
and the best type of storage.
What is it really like down on that seventh level?
Well, in terms of the psychology,
it's quite a simple case.
There's a neurotic aggression of childhood
brought on by the stress of new conditions.
Yes, yes, yes.
That's all very interesting,
but what's the gut feeling of being down there?
Well, I suppose it's just as well.
We all feel the same way the X-117 feels.
Storyteller.
Yes, he was the dark raven that courses in the blood,
the mysterious magnetic neon Indian
who sometimes appears above the milky cactus-studded landscape
of the far west,
home of the grotesquely descended chukawala,
the piccolillo cactus,
and the starkly staring yucca pole.
Triceratops, magatherium.
I think I'll have a wiener right now.
Delicious.
If you skin them first.
Tell us,
what the theme of tonight's show is.
Doctors still don't know.
The show that dare not even form
out of a nebulous cloud of matter.
That's right.
It's merely words now.
Like many bad...
What was the resistance?
Either you're listening or you're not listening.
There's no in-between.
There's no kind of...
Good evening.
This is puzzling evidence in the field
with the subgenius forces
attacking the various religious factions here.
In the area.
Now we will be...
Here we have to...
Secure my...
Excuse me.
We will be joining the forces here in the field momentarily
with the sword armaments.
Battling the Baptist forces in Texas
and the Christian forces in California.
Here we're going to the headquarters now.
All is about.
Okay, we've brought rock and roll
down to its essence here.
This is about 96 songs
all brought together on a special computer program
to find out exactly what rock and roll is all about.
This is the essence of rock and roll.
A torrent of words.
A trickle of sense.
...forwards and forwards in the same time.
There's no such thing as time in this kind of a reaction.
It's either there or it's not there.
It's a state of positive, a state of non-positive.
Yes, doctor.
We have achieved time control.
We've achieved time control in our little rocket.
You've got to understand that the Pauli Exclusion Principle
precludes any of these.
Pauli Exclusion.
Yes, it precludes any of us from having the same quantum numbers.
Pauli Exclusion.
In our rocket, we've managed to...
That's why we have such a hot ring of electrons
at the outer parts of a station.
And we achieve time control in this fashion.
But what about all our listeners who aren't able to achieve time control?
Yes, and what about the effects of jamming?
And less energetic levels.
The valence band.
And less energy.
The valence band.




Now, see, friends, what quantum mechanics tells us
is that for every ironclad rule of physics,
you'll always find an exception.
In my opinion, it's because our idea of physical laws
has so far been limited to what we,
us poor, pitiful human beings,
can see and measure.
We wouldn't be able to measure the physical properties
past our limited wavelength, so to speak.
There could be a whole secondary law of physics
that's mostly wrong.
hold sway on a level that we don't normally perceive, but it bleeds over into our world
occasionally.
More so for some than others, friends.
Now, I'm not at all psychic, but that's probably because like most Americans, I'm
closed off from latent, vestigial senses that our race once enjoyed when we had to live
with nature rather than trying to dominate it.
Now, you get into these more quote primitive unquote tribes and you'll find that not
only do they take magic for granted, but it actually works.
Now, I've met a couple of trance mediums in my time and people who sort of had one
foot in the other world and it's not always good for you, friends.
If you do have to mess with the elder gods, you better plan not to get into it too deep.
The problem with we humans in dealing with the gods, so to speak, is that we don't
give ourselves enough credit.
Now, without us, where would they be?
You know?
I mean, there are a lot of people out there.

They're a force of nature and we're a force of nature.
Which is more destructive, friends?
All the poltergeists and tribal deities on earth or the Kerr-McGee company?
Huh?
I mean, which is killed off more mountain gorillas?
Which can poison the entire atmosphere by pushing a bunch of buttons?
So you know, friends, you can afford to believe in the gods and the lesser gods and the mediocre
gods and the just plain minor random minded spirits.
Because you have to admit.
You're on a team.
Us humans are a team that in some ways has the upper hand.
The gods don't possess nuclear weapons.
The saucer people don't even possess nuclear weapons.
We're the only ones who can totally destroy us.
And doesn't that make you proud to be a human friend?
Part of the team that's able to unleash more destructive force than all combined demons,
Greek gods, ghosts, UFOs, and aliens?

Is the Polar

Would you my friends conclude that that is our only vehemence in 했는데 history?
The Personien of the Moon拍 Euißementii
This is from the Puesikos Templar attempt at ما مُذقص todos los가지고
The great Parkour zombie!
Battle until they live.
Walk, was it?
Wall climbing?
Was it?
Wall climbing, well, I was wall climbing.
I was wall climbing.
That's what Bob said to do.
That's what Bob told me to.
I was wall climbing.
Yeah, yeah.
It was .
And, uh, and, and, uh, I, I get, I get,
real scared, Bob.
Because, uh, I, I've seen them.
Uh, I've seen them before.
But there's more of them now.
And, uh, cause there's lots more.
They're, they're floating in the, in the air.
And they, they're living in the wood,
and the rocks, and everything.
And they're, they're always kind of,
laughing and, and, uh, killing and laughing and,
all the time.
Duncan Lunan of the British Interplanetary Society
has interpreted the signals as a message
from a space probe.
A message from a dying planet in Epsilon Bootes.
Now, many groups who claim to be in contact
with space brothers say that those self-same aliens
have the ability, uh, to dampen, uh, their energy.
or smother our nuclear arsenal before it can be exploded.
But why would the UFOs save us, friends?
Just so they can go on mutilating our prize heifers?
Eh?
Oh, no, friends.
We Earth mortals have a much bigger say in our destiny
than ever we did when we believed in the nature spirits.
But then, you know, if the weird forces ever did need to get after us,
think what they could do.
Oh, they're as high-tech as we are, if they want to be.
Your average modern-day poltergeist or haint
can turn on appliances, load video decks, and so on.
Now, what if, friend, a distressed nuclear weapons engineer
were to commit suicide in a missile silo,
which would henceforth be haunted by the etherical astral body
of the leftover embittered lower soul,
which was too confused to stick with its higher counterpart
and go to hell?
So it stays around half in our reality,
trying to make contact, but unable to,
and finally driven mad while gaining experience
in discharging electrical circuitry
by sheer poltergeist hate force.
Or it could get into radar view screens at NORAD
and appear as blips on radar like incoming Russian missiles.
Oh, friends, did you ever wonder
what a nuclear blast would do to your health?
Your soul?
If ever there was something that could erase parts of more than one reality,
it's that.
So maybe the ghosts are worried about nuclear weapons, too.
Maybe it would even destroy them.
But we'll find out, come Omicron-Epsilon, friends,
the time intersection, when this universe intersects
with the backwards time stream universe in the year 2178
and the images of the Akashic records become flesh
and your weirdest dreams come to rampaging life.
Ever see for real?
The forbidden planet?
Friends, that's what happened to the super race of aliens in that movie.
And it's what happened to the Elder Gods
who forced us to build Atlantis in the days of the Yeti.
Yes, friends, Omicron-Epsilon,
the vision beholding itself in subgenius prophecy.
We'd better hope Bob's with us on that day, my friends,
and you better hope he finds the twins with the scissors of sight,
whatever that means.
And if not, well, the negative universe leaks over.
And, friend, when was the last time you had you a big ol' steaming hot bowl of Wolf-brand anti-matter?
Well, that's too long.
And, friends, these are ghoulish thoughts,
but you can write to P.O. Box 1403-06, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Hope you got that.
For more information on how to halt these horrible things.
And this is KNON 90.9.
FM in Dallas, Texas.
Stay tuned for Ron Lindsey.
And down memory lane,
Praise Bob!
Must go on.
It must go on.
