Let's hear about that radio show!
Amazing, isn't it?
Listen.
I'm wondering about that voice we heard on the radio.
Uh, I think, hmm...
The color of these hot butter rum martinis.
I'd like to talk about...
And here's the only person listening to the show tonight.
Yeah, I'm coming.
Okay, good.
Look at this surface seating and bumping.
There's enormous bubbles.
See, the rest of our listeners are machines like this.
Look up to the top.
They made so much money in their regular day jobs
that they were able to fend off these legal problems for years.
Rely on your intelligence and on your memory.
And think about the case as it was.
You have to say the underlying word correctly.
But how many of you are really genuinely intelligent?
So there.
Bang.
Put a dual display on.
Uh, uh, over to you.
Uh...
Puzzling.
Kill me.
Huh?
Kill me.
Kill me.
I know what you're saying.
Kill me!
Okay!
Why not?
Good luck.
Oh, uh, no, in fact, I'm not ready at all.
Uh, uh, I am, uh, and I, uh, I, uh...
Oh, goodness me.
Uh, I have no idea how I came by this number.
I've, I am at present having numbers, uh, uh, Dr. Howe.
I mean, uh, I don't sound like him at all.
I know.
I'm presently having phone numbers dialed at random by this, uh, scumbag person who
I'm allowing to use my phone at the present time.
And he is taking over everything and dialing up people and appears to be dialing up doctors of the air.
For some strange reason.
I guess him being a phone person, he can do that.
Um, it's too bad I couldn't talk to you under the better context because I am, in fact, a great fan of the subgenius church.
And, um, but my friend, when I mentioned that, began dialing these numbers and putting me on the phone and then running away.
And I am extremely annoyed by all this.
However, he is no friend of mine.
And I hope sincerely you will do your best to erase your memory of all this.
And can merely continue to remember.
And make the shows as bad as you can.
And abuse the callers and listen for Guy the caller because he will be waiting to be abused more than the rest.
Woo! Woo!
There we go.
There's a universe somewhere.
Somewhere out there where there's a show.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius.
Our house.
What?

Welcome potential performers and adept at playing напр Affordable Migrations.
lace inquiries and make my talk!
The end.
Well, we have a ball with enough'll Harris!
To start a show.
By being frantic and quotes the dark.
The 단 anniversary of the concert.
There he is.
Okay, now Philo's gone crazy in Production Studio 1.
Looks like they're isolating the area, pulling the doctors out of there.
Well, they don't have long to live here on KPFA.
I'll tell you that.
Or here on 8405.
8405.
8405.
9374.
That doesn't give it in.
8405.
8405.
8405.
8405.
8405.
8405.
While Dr. Sparrow was farming skulls in the sun
The corpses were swinging, their love did abound
The average corpse floated a foot off the ground
The band that cared not was speaking its name
While the doctors on the clamshell were claiming their fame
Sparkdog explosion and combo gang fun
Finished their sin just in time for life
And we got hearts so high
Like dark clouds out there
Yeah, we got hearts so high
Like dark clouds out there
. . .
. . .
. . .
. . . .
Ah, yes, dear friends, the swinging love corpses.
I'm gonna go back there, I'll even meet the Pope.
Better make it to Doc Doc, or just give up hope.
The dead will be walking, maybe Bob will appear.
The sound of chainsaws will be all that you hear.
Now I'm gonna go back, and I won't be stopped.
I'm gonna go back to smoke the ultimate frown.
You just can't imagine what it's like to go when reality's on hold.
And Doc Doc's the show, we go high, go high.
We go high, go high.
Doc Doc.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, well, I'm Doc Doc now.
I climbed down, I climbed up all the way to the top.
I took everything you could think of.
I shot beer.
I smoked heroin.
I snorted marijuana.
I stuck, I stuck a stiff glue.
I put the barbiturate suppositories in my rectal cavity.
Uh, yes, dear friends, and Dr. Drummond can't tell you everything else that he did, because
you just don't even want to know.
The swinging love corpse is there, live, somewhere, from the album Soak Your Butt.
And, well, we're, at last, we've been defending the Church of the Subgenius so much, lately,
we're just gonna tear it to pieces tonight.
And, you know, that means it's one of those old-fashioned doctor shows.
Oh, you hear, be hearing from all those mighty nasty characters, particularly Puzzling Evidence,
Dr. Howell.
The show opened, by the way, with a nice little new edit by Puzzling Evidence.
There's a lot more of that coming up.
Um, oh, yeah.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, uh, sir, ma'am, most of this episode is from 1993, and therefore wonderfully old
school.
But I, Stang, am talking now from just before New Year's Day 2022, so-called.


2022.
Uh, so, uh, happy holidays.
Mine were largely terrible.
Cause I've been sick.
Actually, not so much sick as injured.
It's temporary.
But I keep having setbacks.
Uh, sometimes it results in involuntary slack, where I get to sit in bed watching TV all
day.
Other times it results in pain, where I have to sit in bed watching TV all day.
And I'd much rather be walking my dogs and making new shows and books.
But these old shows are better than nothing and possibly better than new.
Anyway, it was arthritis and back injuries.
And just as I was getting those under control, I developed an infection, a swollen cyst-like
entity that was so evil.
I named it Conky.
Not decent.
Conky's been exorcised, but Jesus Murphy, there's a huge haunted hole in my back where
Conky's angry ghost is still stirring up trouble and it's seriously stomach-turning to look
at.
And I'll be seeing doctors all month.
And then my kitty Dolomite got his own Conky infection.
But this old episode is really funny and not half as old as me.
Onan and I are working on some new books too.
That's Dobbs.town and Subgenius.com.
I removed something really stupid from this old show, Bob Dean, to make room for this
update.
So take it away, doctors.
So I don't know, they better do something fast.
You take it to the top.
And what happens to it's going to happen to you.
All the people I meet and talk to, all the places I go, no one's ever walked up to me
and said, hey, you want to buy some cigarettes?
Acuérdeme, Rubén, al ratito.
Decae mi teléfono.
De meterlo al toilet.
Walking in the sunshine, sing a little sunshine song.
Can't sit and negotiate.
Can I do it?
If you don't do the wrong, you feel terrible, like you're going to die.
And I know all the reasons for it.
I know every single reason for it.
I'm free.
I'm out of town.
Keeps me out of town.










Then you have the basic honk.
And the goose honk.
I'll be giving to every a dog in the service.
Where a dog out there?
Just what you calling?
You're able to pick it up in a hurry.
Yoyo.
Rub-de-dub-dub all day long.
Because every day becoming much more practical for my inspiration.
But I'm fascinated to know that.
Nowhere could you get that happy feeling when you are stealing that extra ball.
Bob, what a relief. How are you doing tonight?
His name is Bob. Bob is not the illegitimate son of Michael Jackson. Take it from me.
Billy G is not Mr. Bob.
Come on, half-body. Come on, Bob. How many poses do you think is for Michael? Bob. Come on, Bob. Come on.
Will seven be enough, Bob?
They call him Bob Dubs.
Yeah, I call him Bobo.
He was the leather man at a time when leather was nothing but wingtip shoes.
He led the way, brothers.
He was a lonely pioneer in those days.
I remember.
At first, a footloose, sore-footed shoe salesman.
One day, he was a tinkering with a television set of his own design.
When he messed around with the back and got himself a huge shock through the coil that we call the divine immaculation.
But, you know, his very name rings with magic.
Half human, half sprite, he saw the future and could transform himself into any form.
Merely by conjuring up the image in his mind.
The great gods used his mystical powers to aid the forces of righteousness, honor, and virtue.
Gesundheit.
And to shape the splendid visions of his noble king, Stan.
But when the tragic end of Dobstown drew near, many say that the heart-sick Dob sought refuge with a tiny, tiddling poodle.
She gave him comfort and sheltered him in a tree to rest safely until needed by the show once more.
What's going on here?
Why don't we stop fooling ourselves?
Yeah, why don't we?
Oh, Bob.
Oh, Bob.
It's later than you think.
Aye, the terrible, spittin' vengeance of Bob's mighty staff shall scour clean this planet in the all-pervading radioactive pastiche of his boundless supernatural love.
Wake up, open your heart, drop your pants, close your mind, and bend over because he'll be kicking and taking names.
Dear brothers and sisters, he'll be struggling and gasping.
His face will turn blue.
Then Bob will pitch over on the floor in the grip of a massive coronet.
This happens on mèreими's
cabin, and the ophthalmologist will treat all the buscaratists Para and will handle the exterminatory thrombosis.
And we will be there to see that event and to record it for you-
And that's the way we like it.
As it was at the beginning of time.
I saw a man with a pop and a grin.
Old in the new morning light.
Grinning, come on, sing along now.
Grinning with me like a mad waggonbilcy made me uptight.
I told him, don't bother me anymore.
But he left me alone in a joyous woe.




But he kept on just the same
Till I was totally brainwashed
Bob is his name
Bob is my story
Bob is my song
Bob's my amphetamine
So all the day long
Doo-doo-doo-doo
I won't tear my poster of Bob's down
I'll feel no sadness or shame
Till I behold him in Dobbs Town
Bob is his name
Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
He has no lack of his patented slack
For those of his following fold
He is the friend of whoever will send
Greenbacks a-gold
Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
He's growing stronger and stronger
He'll get on the ground
And have all the credit and blame
I'll be a big boy no longer
Bob is his name
Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
Yes, it is a sad affair
My Bob's bigger than yours
My Bob's bigger than your big Bob
My Bob's better than yours
Watch out! The Bob! It's loose!
It's coming this way!
Back! Back! I created you!
Back! Back!
Back!
Back! Back!
Back! Back!
After all, we are depending from J.R. Bob Dobbs' divine immaculation.
All information was revealed to Dobbs in this blinding flash of knowledge,
which occurred, as every true subgenius and every schoolboy knows,
when he was working back in the 50s on an experimental television set of his own design.
The computer was 100% redundant.
He was messing around with the back of a TV set and it was suddenly immaculated.
The light-strong amplifier and multiplexed the aural invigilance
Don't give it away. Don't tell them. Let them figure it out for themselves.
Bob arrived at the mountaintop location. He found the transmitter to be operating properly.
Normally, it would return a system to standard operating rhythm.
Oh, you're giving away church secrets. This is what it's like.
Don't listen to him. He's giving away church secrets.
Don't listen. Don't listen. Don't listen.
The transmitter designed to suck contactability found through visual interaction.
Does Alice figure any of this?
Alice? Alice? I don't know Alice.
Alice, you shut down all the power to the visual transmitter associated with 22kVBD.
You're fading out. You can't triangulate on your signal. Speak into the rectifier.
Unfortunately, the visual and aural power supplies are identical in appearance and he mistakenly opened the aural system.
I don't know how long this static storm is going to continue.
The man is concerned. He's going to blow up.
I'm out of contact. He's out of control.
He's got a mind of his own.
I'm going to throw my piece across the concrete and I'm going to make contact.
Don't pull your love out on me, baby. If you do, then I think that maybe I'll just lay me down and cry for a hundred years.
Don't pull your love out on me, honey. Take my heart, my soul, my money. But don't leave me here drowning in my tears.
You say you're going to leave. Going to take that big wide turn. Going to fly right out of here without a single word.
But you know you'll break my heart when I watch you close that door.
Because I know I won't see you anymore.
Don't pull your love out on me, baby. If you do, then I think that maybe I'll just lay me down and cry for a hundred years.
Don't pull your love out on me, honey. Take my heart, my soul, my money. But don't leave me here drowning in my tears.
Haven't I been good to you? What about that brand new ring? Doesn't that mean love to you?
Doesn't that mean anything? Did I throw away my pride? Had I got down on my knees? Would you make me beg you for a degree?
There's so much I want to do. I've got love enough for two. But I'll never choose a girl if I don't have you.
Yeah!
Oh no you don't. Oh no you don't, Rudy.
Rudy Schwartz Project, dear friends.
Whooping away in the background there. Joe Newman, our beloved friend Joe Newman.
Whooping that out. On his Rudy Schwartz Project album.
The Rudy Schwartz Project. Don't get charred. Get puffy.
And uh...
Oh no.
I'm trying to switch that off.
Yeah. Tell you what's been going on.
Uh, since the last time I talked I ran an edit of just some, well, radio shorts you might call them.
Radio shorts by Radio Shorts or Brain Rock West. Our new friends out there in San Francisco.
Cutting some...
Wild radio stuff. And then some more KPFA. Dr. Howl. Howling away in the airwaves.
Um, from the edits by Phineas Narco. If you ever, uh, encounter...
You'll notice that one in your, uh, Subgenius catalog. Uh, reference to that tape.
And what we're hearing in the background right now. And what I think I'm going to let carry us over to, uh, side two of show.
So I can get to the basic Bobby Hayton rant here.
This is Joe Newman in the background on Zug's Riffs album. Actually it's the Zug's band.
Uh, on a new Zug's Riffs album which we'll be playing a lot of. It's called Villagers.
This is an instrumental song called Villagers. Yes, the title song. I'm going to shut up and just...
Let them go.
.
.


.


Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's obvious, of course, the world in general is an idiot's delight.
A contrived mediocrity designed to keep morons occupied.
Just look at the notorious conspiracy media.
And not the decoy reputable media.
That's just a distraction.
Window dressing to make things look good.
I mean the stuff people really read and really believe whether they admit it or not.
Look at the tabloids.
The true crime magazines.
The TV murder shows.
The two-inch thick metallic embossed covered hack sci-fi novels and romances.
Lame movie thrillers.
Manufactured music personalities.
It's bread and circuses with politicians as the clowns.
Except the more fun you want to have, the more you have to pay.
Don't act like you haven't thought about how bad all that stuff sucks.
You talk about it all the time.
The question is, what are you going to do about it?
They, the conspiracy, want you to buy all their crap.
Work hard all day at a mindless slave task.
To make, to pay for more machines.
To play their indoctrination programs on.
To fill your home with pseudo-collectibles in a limited number edition of a godzillion.
You know all that.
We've told you and told you all that.
And if you don't believe it by now, there's no hope for you at all.
And you might as well climb back over the fence and roll in the mud with the rest of the slavish porkers.
Right?
So you say to yourself, okay.
I know what the conspiracy wants from me.
I know how they work and what they do.
And I'm not...
I'm not buying it.
By gabs, I'm not going to do what they tell me.
I'm throwing away my TV.
Smashing my porcelain thimble collection.
Frisbee-ing my CDs off Lover's Leap.
And joining the radical anti-government party to learn how to make bombs.
I'm shaving my head and burning my house down.
And the more they tell me not to, the more I'll laugh in their faces and echo the noble sentiments of whoever it was that said,
Free at last, free at last, thank blob almighty, I'm free at last.
Right?
Sucker.
You think they didn't plan for that?
You think they'll be surprised huddling around their long mahogany table?
Appalled that one tenth of one percent of the population has quote, caught on, unquote,
and won't go up the slaughterhouse ramp like good little lambies?
Well, hardy har har.
Listen, they know they can't dupe everyone with the same bird brain programming system.
They know they're going to be a few.
You who are just sharp enough to shake themselves awake and look around to see the green pastures and still waters they were lying down by
are actually a clanking conveyor belt carrying them relentlessly toward the whirling blaze.
They had that worked out a long time ago.
They love it when the ones who see the horror of the conspiracy system go public with their ghastly revelations
or join radical anarchist communes or otherwise render themselves entirely unbelievable.
Who do you think invented hippies, punk rock, anarchism, youth gangs, graffiti art, rock and roll, hallucinogenic drugs,
the new age movement, Christianity, cult films, alternative what have you?
Sure, it was some lone radical disillusioned soul at first for about six months, but by the time we heard about it,
it was already a prepackaged official conspiracy product.
Oh, but the church of the subgenius is different, right?
It's neither a conspiracy mediocrity brainwashing program nor a dead end escapee trap.
Bob isn't just a cheap product or just a mind numbing neurotic whip or a gaily painted prison cell of one sort or another
to confine drooling vidiots or raving reactionaries, right?
Right, right, right?
Huh!
Wrong again.
Look, why don't you just give up trying to think it all, little Miz and Mr. Einstein Jr. and pay attention.
The con has got all the bases covered.
It owns the ball and the ballpark.
Everything you can or will think or decide,
it has already got classified by you.
A numerical designation on big spinning spools of half inch magnetic tape.
You sitting here listening to this right now, thinking what you're thinking, wearing those clothes in that environment,
tasting that particular taste in your mouth and hearing that particular tinny whine in your ear,
the one you don't always notice but which is always there,
they got a number for it.
Believe me, they got it all.
Figured, dissected, classified and stuck in little boxes.
So what do I do, you may ask?
You can't win, you can't outsmart them.
You can't think or do anything that they haven't already decided you'll probably think or do.
You can't find a chink in their armor, not even Bob,
because he is just another part of it all.
So it's time to pack it in.
Just give up and shoot yourself in the head like you've been threatening to do just to get attention and sympathy.
But this time you really will do it.
And that too is just what they want you to do.
There really is no way out.
All that smash the conspiracy stuff is fun and amusing,
but putting your head under the machine's enormous clattering treads isn't gonna slow it one tiny bit.
It's utterly, utterly hopeless.
Just stop fighting it.
Give up.
You're only making things harder for everyone.
All that kicking and screaming is only disturbing the peaceful slumbers of the rest of us.
Oh, oh, I'm not saying you should simply get in line and walk under the hammer,
but if you can't do anything else,
you might as well try to see something positive about it.
Now sure, the conspiracy program is cruel and demeaning.
The cage is cramped and ugly and smells bad,
but you can't get out.
And if you did get out, you'd just want right back in again,
because the thing that is making the situation intolerable isn't in the situation.
It's in your head.
The scariest part of the conspiracy's lulling lies is that they're all true.
Oh, not the ones about the products.
And how bad you need them.
I mean the ones about how life can be beautiful.
It's easier to go with the flow.
Things are better than they've ever been.
They know how true those are.
So they do anything they can to make those true truths look stupid and childish.
They make Don't Worry, Be Happy into an insulting song.
Ugly t-shirts, plastic hats, moronic coffee mugs,
so when somebody says it to you, it makes you want to smash them in the face.
But you can't.
So you go buy a three dollar shot of bar of gin instead.
And worry miserably.
Oh, they make you want to kill Have a Nice Day,
and then sell you the t-shirt with a shot and bleeding smiley face on it.
They'll make you hate love and love hate,
mock sincerity and honesty, and sneer at genuine emotion.
Then they sell you a two hundred dollar leather jacket,
so you can prove you aren't a conspiracy zombie
like all those poor schmucks who don't have skulls on their t-shirts.
Or if you can't identify with either extreme of the haircut spectrum,
if they can't get you any other way,
if you're just a little too smart to be dumb and a little too dumb to be smart,
and you're just about to fall through the cracks,
along comes Bob.
And then you read all about those real weird things,
those weirdos who, even if they do wear uniforms and spout mottos,
wear intentionally self-mocking uniforms
and spout irrelevant, confusing, and meaningless mottos.
Ma'am!
At last, you can think to yourself,
or tell your uncomprehending friend,
at last there's a tiny spot in this big cold world
where I can feel at home.
At last, I've found a philosophy that agrees to a certain degree
with the one I never really knew I had.
At last, I can just be honest with myself
and be who I really am, publicly and unafraid.
So you send lots of money to Bob,
and buy t-shirts and buttons and tapes,
and put on a devival, have a radio show,
get a boy or girlfriend at last,
have the time of your life,
and never feel it.
But when the hammer finally does come down on your head...
Way to go.
It's not as if the time is over.

I am just in the middle of a jungle.
And this is what I'm actually doing,







I am the running dog.
I am a your dog.
You want me?
Well you like Uncle Duck's get the fuck out of here.
Until then y'all are going to be welcome to get your shit done,
at the first Bewalsckay sculpture doggos!
Ahh!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
to that cop, he's starting to smile.
And all this talk they're having about a drug war is just to keep your mind off the real
problem that's plaguing this nation, like the war on the people.
War on the people.
War on the people.
Drug war on the people.
War on the people.
Drug war on the people.
War on the people.
Church of the New Faith.
That's our first song we've ever heard from Church of the New Faith.
Oh, sounds good.
Oh, Susan.
Let's take the time to talk a little bit about Connie.
Let's do this.
Connie Dobbs is kind of a new personage to the church.
She is Bob Dobbs' first and primary wife.
And since I found Connie, things are so different for me now.
And Connie is the most uber of uber women.
She is truly the higher price spread.
Connie doesn't need sex.
Sex needs Connie.
But it took Connie to let me know that I had slack.
One day I found Connie in my underwear drawer,
right under one of my black bustiers in the midst of stardust and cheap cologne.
And she said,
Floos, Floos, you need slack bad.
And she taught me how to take my slack and beat it against the wall
until the musk flowed to wring out every last precious drop of blessed slack.
And things like which marital aids,
which kids are truly top rack dishwasher safe.
And the honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
I was sold and so was my soul.
I gladly signed Connie's contract in my own blood and I've never looked back.
The benefits were immediate.
I went on Connie's special slim fast ice cream fish stick diet, dropped 35 pounds.
And when my replacement driver's license came up,
the state had stamped under 21 on it in big red letters.
And I'm 36.
So if that isn't proof of an effective religious spiritual leader,
I don't know what is.
But yeah, to get a, to get a perception of Connie,
I guess it would be hard for the XY people,
the ones with the unfortunately mutated chromosome being an XX myself,
or actually I'm more closer to triple X.
I think I'll let a girl group called,
Mr. Rills from California say it for me.
.
.
.
.
. . Thank you for thinking back.




I hate men.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I'm on the rag.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I'm on the rag.
I'm swollen like a pig
Get me a pamperin'
My boobs hurt
I'm a rat
I'm a rat
Get me a contact
I'm a rat
I hate you
I hate me
I'm a rat
I'm a rat
I'm a rat
Get me a contact
I'm a rat
I hate you
I hate me
I'm a rat
I'm a rat
I hate men
Don't even think of it tonight
Of course I'd be wearing white
I'm a rat
I'm a rat
Get me a contact
I'm a rat
I hate you
I hate me
I'm a rat
I'm a rat
I'm a rat
I'm a rat

Get me a pamperin'
I'm a rat
I hate you
I hate me
I'm a rat
I'm a rat
I'm a rat
I'm a rat
Get me a pamperin'
I'm a rat

I'm a rat


I wanna ride
I hate you
I hate me
I wanna ride
I wanna ride
Got me a touch of
I wanna ride
I hate you
I hate me
I wanna ride
I hate me
And I can go horseback riding and swimming and even put it in my sock.
Well, I bet you couldn't tell that was a girl group that did that one, huh?
It wasn't L7 either.
I heard that about three years ago. We were in LA.
We'd come up from the San Diego Comic Convention to hang out.
On Hollywood Freeway, coming into town,
a station that was kind of a pirate station,
91X out of Baja, California, Mexico, played that.
And somehow I learned the words real fast.
I was driving the rental car, my head sticking out the window and intoning those sacred words.
But I'm sure Connie feels the same way.
And looking around the vast amount of media influences that we have here in the church,
you can find all sorts of evidence.
Evidence of Connie.
One of my favorite Connie incarnations is
Taurus Satana and Faster Pussycat Kill Kill,
the immortal, mortal,
oh, I'm wearing a Freudian slip, too.
The immortal Russ Meyer movie from 1966.
And the Boss Tweeds did the theme song.
The Cramps, not the Cramps that the Thrillz have,
but the group The Cramps.
You may remember they did a cover of it.
So let's hear the theme from Faster Pussycat Kill Kill by the Bosses.
Say uptown.
Say downtown.
Don't go to layup.
Layup.
I just had to let it go.
Little nation of Serbia.
A singer.
A singer.
A singer.
This sound is what caused your alacrity,
your great humor and wit.
You're the fountainhead of your sputum.
Every morning is Halloween.
Every morning I get up and I put on that mask and I start scaring little kids.
And you go out there to life and you either get tricked or you get treated.
Yep, that's it.
It's one or the other, baby.
You trick and treat until you finally end up,
you won't be pretending to be a scary dead guy.
You really will be a scary dead guy.
I put little blisters between my legs and the fries in each eye.
There's two types of people in the world.
Those who like to get tricked, those who like to get treated, and those who can't count.
Oh, and the dead people.
Yeah, and those guys.
So that's four.
What about the living dead people?
Oh, I knew you were gonna come up with that.
The ones with the demons that speak from their navels.
Oh, hey, hey, it's patriotic time.
Yeah.
Okay, stand erect.
One nation, under-informed.
Get those shimmy knuckles off the floor, Sergeant.
I mean, private.
Spitzy.
I pledge allegiance to the pyramid scheme, and to the illusion for which it stands.
Private parts, put your hands back where they don't belong.
One nation in denial, with error and access by all.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Woo-hoo.
Bend over.
Uh, you know, I'm glad to hear...
Can you tell your radio audience to do that?
Yeah.
I pluck my lesions...
We can.
...in the fog...
In the fog...
...to a merry snake named America.
And to the respubics on which it stands, hairy and gold.
One nation, bright and shining like a stick.
Wow.
I'll run that up.
My flagpole.
Okay, Stang, it's your turn now.
What a flagpole.
Yeah, hey, yeah?
Huh?
Impressive, huh?
Come on, the music's speeding up.
Your pledge, your pledge, please.
This is my church.
There are others like it, but this one is mine.
I will sleep with this church.
I will rape with this church.
I will lock and load this church.
Praise God.
Hail Satan's stupid.
I could fight...
I, I, I, I...
...the young and white...
I know, I know, but you know you never know.
I know, I know, but you know you never know.
I know, I know, but you know you never know.
I know, I know, but you never know.
If captured, I will reveal nothing but my underwear.
I shall show my lesions privately and give only my name, rank, and serious numbers.
And then I shall be quiet again.
He got the right.
Rank part right.
What silver weaves...
I don't know. I don't know if that's gonna carry there in the heartland.
Now, we gotta shave, we gotta shave, we gotta shave.
We gotta make it smooth around the edges for it to carry in the heartland.
It's gotta have a lot of heart.
There's gotta be cows, there's gotta be oxen, there's gotta be, like, women, like, dressed like milkmaids.
There's gotta be them farmer guys.
There's gotta be a lot of guys with their muscles rolled up and their sleeves down.
We gotta, you know, the steel, the steel.
The rust of America.
Where's the sizzle?
Show me the sizzle.
There it is.
Oh, my God, there was...
Wow.
The face sizzled.
Sizzle.
And it's still flowing out from your chakras.
Relax now. Close your eye. That's right.
There's but a song we're singing.
Feels we were dying.
The San Francisco sound.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it's just catching on out here in Ohio.
And the day of the flowers, I'm like...
Yeah, it's about sucking...
Oh, you can't say that on the radio.
No, this is golden time.
No, yeah, you can.
That's golden shower.
It's hell time.
Yeah.
Remember those songs by people with young and cold...
Come on, people, let's bomb together.
Let's all hold our knuckles.
We all gotta get together and bomb together.
We have to have a bomb circle.
Come on, let's hold our knuckles.
Let's have a bomb circle, yeah.
I'm bombing with you.
Let's turn to the north.
Praise the bombers from the north.
Praise the bombers from the north.
Praise the bombers from the north.
The bombers from the south, the east, the west.
Yes.
The four corners.
The bombers from the south are the napalmers.
The napalm bombers are the southern ones.
Let us salute the flak hackers of the west.
Let's...
Shall we salute...
Where can you get those opium bombs?
Those would go over really good at a party, you know?
Actually, that's not opium.
It's this synthetic stuff that's 100 billion times more powerful than opium.
Used exclusively by the Russian Defense Forces.
And it's catching on in the rave scene.
I think they were...
They had some at Burning...
Very popular in Chechnya now.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
They just set off a bomb and people wander through the clouds.
Take a few hostages and sit down for a nap.
That's what the real...
That's what the flower children of 2002 are doing.
How many times were we buzz bombed by the black helicopters and yet could not conceal our pineal glands as they popped from our foreheads?
Detective Holmes?
Yeah?
So you just got back from Obscuristan, did you not?
Yeah, I was on special assignment in Obscuristan, yes.
Can you tell us anything about that?
Because all we've heard is the mainstream, you know, media about those...
Well, it's a very poor...
One of those poor ex-Soviet republics that's so poor that a big wind came along and blew all the cops out off and now they gotta import sand.
They're the only desert nation that can import sand now.
And so we're trying to help them out.
And so we're having a sand drive.
A sand drive?
And so if you could go out into your neighborhoods and go to the sand boxes and kitty litter boxes around the neighborhood and then collect that and then send it in.
And here's the address, 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Wait a minute, what are you telling people to send?
Sand. This is to help the...
Sand. The poor people in Obscuristan, they've lost their sand.
Oh.
And you know, we promised them $9 billion worth of sand and they still have not collected a single drop of sand.
Well, you know, 100,000 people marched on Washington last weekend and you hardly heard anything about it and nobody really...
Nobody told me about it, dude.
100,000 people.
I heard somebody pulled...
I heard somebody pulled Trent Locke's pubic goatee at the Eastwood funeral.
What?
I mean, at the funeral for Senator Locke...
See www.subgenius.com
The way it goes.
In church, well, not too many, shea, but certainly many.
In fact, most women in Protestant churches don't...
do not wear hats.
And for several weeks thereafter, there was a long period of time when it seemed, although it was not so, it seemed...
Customary became a friend of these particular people.
If it was harmful, I'd be the first one to admit it and tell you that, but I don't see anything wrong.
I don't think...
Oh.
Back to that.
Impani, she was the...
0034.
That it would not work and would not...
And it's not going to be true.
Well, it's going to be hard because a lot of these programs have been saved or have been modified.
0035.
0036.

0038.
0040.
0041.

0043.

0045.




0050.
0050.
0051.



0055.
0056.

0058.
0059.
0060.

0062.

0065.
0067.






001, 002, 001...

0013, 0024...


0025...

0027.


0030.
0031.
0033.
0034.
If Bob dies, we will alert you.
Yeah!
That guy scared me.
I'd like to put out a request for the caller that thinks that
Philo is the greatest show person that's ever been on the show.
Well, perhaps that caller is attempting to contact us now.
Let's find out here.
I want to talk to that guy.
I think he moved.
Hello, you're on the air.
Yes, I've been looking, looking, looking for Simon.
Well, what about Dr. Philo Drummond?
Do you have a question for him?
Oh, no, I didn't.
All right, ditch this loser.
There's a band hanging from the side of their face.
Well, so much for the callers at 848-4425.
Now one wildly insulted person is jumping up and down in front of the station
with a shotgun ready to off the famous subgenius radio personality.
Don't ever take me alive.
Don't ever get me.
You'll have to.
You'll have to.
You'll have to pry the show out of your cold pink hands.
Sinbad has his prostate examined.
See men poke sticks at monsters.
See them battle the million skeletons.
All old, all dead before.
And don't miss appalling co-hit, The Big Monster.
Nothing could stop it except dynamite.
And with our new virtual unreality imaging system,
you too can have sex with Bart Simpson.
Play some Hypergeeks records.
I want to hear Jane or Hypergeeks.
I want to hear the Will of the Bale.
I want to hear the number of the meme meme meme meme.
I want to eat dick.
I want to eat dick.
I want to eat dick.
I want to eat dick.
I want to eat dick.
I was talking to John Holmes the other day and I said,
is that your penis or a post-old digger?
But seriously, no.
You know when they...
That was dedicated to Doug Smith on his show.
Poor Will of the Dobbs got nailed for saying that very thing.
Hey, you know I was talking...
I don't know how to top that except by saying you're listening to radio station
throw rope side ears.
You know, 90 to no one ate the voice of the people.
