Take off your jackets, your ties, loosen any belts you might have.
Take off your shoes. Make yourself really, really comfortable.
If there's anything at all in your clothing that's tight, loosen it up.
Select a floor that has a rug and spread it.
Bob will begin to move onshore, though, again tonight,
and spread with it lots of rain, up to 7 inches of rain for the folks in the Carolinas.
For Saturday, a better day. Sunday, a better day still.
Bob will begin to move onshore, though, again tonight.
Speaking with that pin.
Let's put that listener on the next show,
and take that listener from the pile over there and drag him over here.
That's a pretty healthy one over there, Doctor.
Hey, kid. What are you doing?
Oh, yeah? Well, put that down and come here. I got a little something for ya.
If you've got more than two brain cells to rub together,
you won't believe me when I tell you to listen to the subgenius hour of slack
with your ascended host, the cyborg handyman, Reverend Ivan Stang,
the lovely Robert Bob Dobbs, and an ectoplasmic cast of billions.
This lively little ongoing saga features exotic humor and skull-powering music
that will make you feel like you're in a movie.
This was not only banned in Boston, but used in Newark.
You'll be down on your hands and knees looking for your lost brain
after just one cat-sterilizing dose-off.
The subgenius hour of slack.
It's time for God's people to come out of the closets,
out of the churches, and change America.
That I endorse you and what you're doing.
And so the world continued to dance through another war.
And with a murderous song in its heart,
accompanied by the propeller blades,
this benevolent mankind, ha!
Used his greatest intellectual invention of the airplane
to deliver one of my greatest, boldest, most spectacular triumphs.
Subgenius Radio Ministry.
Hour of Slack.
Subgenius Radio Ministry.
Welcome, human, to the Hour of Slack.
Of Slack.
Of Slack.
Of Slack.
Applause.
Hallelujah!
Applause.
Exactly.
God is above us all.
Glory to God!
Glory to God!
Glory to God!
I'm glad you could all make it.
I'd like to now introduce the man who came to host our show.
His illustrious career is known by everyone here,
and we're so glad he could make it.
Ladies and gentlemen, Ivan Stang.
Ivan Stang.
Oh, sorry.
That's right, Virgil.
It's me again, dear friends.
Trying to...
No longer taking the swag out of Swagger, I don't think.
No, nothing like that.
We're going to have a history lesson tonight, folks,
this time covering the entire story of mankind
and subgenius kind, both, all in one hour.
The story of everything.
Pretty much abridged for use in elementary schools.
The audio collages, which will frame my introductory capsule summation of the universe,
are compiled from three great tape wranglers,
often unheard on the hour of slack,
that being Mr. Zed of the Hidalgo Trading Company,
Dr. Chris Gross,
Erwin Chusett of WFMU in New Jersey,
Inhibiting Factor,
of Chicago, Haiti, and Amsterdam,
Chuck Wurstrom and Arnold Mathis.
They rearranged and added to our tapes,
and we consolidated those with the movie Story of Mankind,
which was shown just this weekend, much to our horror and surprise.
All background music is by Dr. Chris Gross' band, Men in Black.
Now, friends,
the intergalactic civil court of the gods is already in session.
Our only defense as a race is our excuse,
our mighty lawyer, Bob Dobbs.
He died, sort of,
so that he could defend us in that heavenly trial.
But even his superpowers of persuasion
will be ignored, lest we provide the evidence
to prove our planet not guilty.
Order!
Call the first witness.
Who then speaks for man?
I do. I am the spirit of man.
You may proceed.
Noble sirs,
if we are to be blessed,
we are believers,
and we most certainly are.
Speak for yourself.
I do.
I do indeed.
Continue.
And without interruption.
Man was created in the image of God.
But there the similarity ends.
And Jim Baker's PTL television ministry
was the fastest growing phenomenon in religious broadcasting.
I'm sick and tired of hearing about all the things
that the media has to say about the radicals,
and the perverts,
and the liberals,
and the leftists,
and the communists coming out of the closets.
It's time for God's people to come out of the closets,
out of the churches,
and change America.
And change America.
And change America.
Oh, yeah, I feel the power.
Yeah, we want your back, Bob.
Bring some of that crap here.
I said the next time you come by,
bring more pills.
Mortal, not immortal, are we.
Of the flesh, not of the spirit, are we.
Human, not godlike, are we.
But whatever our sins, whatever our shortcomings,
we believe the good deeds done by man on earth
far outweigh the bad.
And we believe that the good deeds done by man on earth

And we believe that the good deeds done by man on earth
are the right to survive.
Objection.
Praise to Bob.
Praise to Slack.
Praise to Bob.

We can prove the humans are to blame
and that we subgeniuses, for all our sins,
are still the innocent chosen ones.
So let's now get on with our brief overview
of the entire universe and all of time.
The 34 main points.
The, in fact, exactly 34 events
and inventions that really matter
in chronological order.
Number one, first thing that counted,
the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer discovers itself,
then invents God.
Number two, God invents the universe,
Jehovah One, the Exists, and the dinosaurs.
Main event number three,
dinosaurs discover egg laying on dry land,
but lose out to live birth,
establishing the law that what your DNA don't know
can hurt you.
Number four, mammals get bigger.
Number five, God-like ancient astronauts,
the Exists, of course, invent yetis,
or true full-blood subgeniuses.
And also Bob.
Number six, the yetis invent humans.
Number seven, Bob invents food.
Number eight, Bob invents a prop,
followed by money.
Main event number eight,
humans invent greed and covetousness.
Number nine, God notices,
foresees the implications of all this,
and has Jehovah One immediately banish the Exists.
And also he, or it, instantly devolves
both the yetis and the humans
into two different pathetic simian primates.
Number ten,
the larger gigantopithecines,
which had once been yetis,
deprived of all but their slack,
suddenly discover immortality,
plus the power of invisibility
and absolute truth.
Therefore, they seldom leave the forests
in their slackfulness for the next 60 million years,
except to occasionally seduce
the tree-going human descendants,
who are much smaller monkey-like creatures.
So, uh, the rest of this history
will concern the humans for, uh, quite a while,
in the next, uh, 020 main points or so.
So listen very closely to the collages that follow,
uh, in headphones if possible,
and try to grasp the cumulative meaning
of what you're hearing,
so that you can discern
what your personal instructions may be.
At the end of the hour, friend,
I pray, I pray that you'll know
what to do.
And we can help you.
Just call the station,
ask to speak to the Will of Dobbs,
and, uh, uh, we'll fill you in on, uh,
on what we can, what we can.
Of course, the best thing to do is write
the Church of the Subgenius for information
at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
We'll be giving that number again
at the end of the broadcast.
Thank you.
Uh, okay, that's it for Stupid Human Tricks.
Boy, what a curious,
uh, gentleman tonight.
That's not Bob.
No, it's Bob.
Where's Bob?
There's Bob.
He's hiding.
Let's go, let's go after Bob.
Let's run after him.
Good job, Bob!
Oh, not again.
Well, I'll kiss every one of them!
All right.
Oh!
That could get to him
and touch him.
Never look at the job
in saying that this dead man
is going to be a half an hour late.
Are you sitting comfortably?

Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Whatcha bout?
Whatcha bout?
Whatcha bout?
Whatcha bout?
Whatcha bout?
Whatcha bout?
Whatcha bout?
I'm trying to stretch my mouth, lad.
Whatcha bout?
I just can't reach it.
Whatcha bout?
Whatcha bout?
Whatcha bout?
Whatcha bout?
Whatcha bout?
I said I gotta stretch my bowel gland.
Whatcha bout?
I enjoyed the hell out of that.
You know, the doctor music trend
and anti-music has a lot to do with noise,
not music, too.
Hey!
Hey!

Hey!
I know, but the problem with doctor bands
and anti-music bands is sooner or later,
they learn how to play those instruments.
instruments.
All right, you're going to wake yourself up.
Yes, it's when the person gets on stage and lets Bob speak through it and just cuts
loose, it's the living tongue acting on the...
Exactly, it's the undirected energy of Bob spewing forth through the human carcass.
Satanic cults.
Play for us, please.
Police have found no proof, made no arrest, but that's no surprise, for nationwide police
are hearing strikingly similar horror stories, and not one has ever been proved.
But she kept getting nastier and nastier and nastier, and I finally just went...
I just had had enough, and I just started going, well, I'll just have to control your
soul.
What have you done to it?
What have you done to its eyes?
What have you done to him, you maniac?
People come first.
It's the way some people interpret the Bible, the book of Revelations, where it's written,
Satan can be identified by the number 666.
Bob's 999 is not an upside down 666.
It is the opposite of 666.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
So, or not exactly the opposite.
It's not, he ain't, you know, Bob ain't Jesus.
He's just, uh, but he is certainly the anti-antichrist.
There was a routine inquiry which didn't discover what was going on here.
We inherited the earth and were blessed with certain rare gifts, an opposable thumb, with
which to build tools and weapons for survival, the capacity to speak, to think, to reason,
the ability to walk erect on two solid arches.
We were fruitful.
We multiplied.
We were resourceful.
We replenished the earth and subdued it.
These were the covenants.
These we fulfilled.
Unfortunately for me, you broke all of the Ten Commandments doing it.
I'm sorry.



Call the大ge.
Order in the court.
And so, the trial of man continues.
The gods will be reviewing these same main events in the history of man and subgenius
kind.
The 11th major event was when the once human, uh, and human to be again, uh, little ape-like
creature, pith extantriocus, reinvents the human humanity.

bipedal locomotion. Twelve, later the Australopithecines reinvent tools. Thirteen, Homo erectus masters
fire and reinvents language. Now all of those happened in Africa, so one might say that
the Africans invented walking, opposable thumbs, tool using, fire, and speech. The Neanderthals
then, number fifteen, rediscovered sex, superstition, and even rational thought as we know them
today. Number sixteen, the Cro-Magnon man discovers lying, drugs, war, rape, torture,
racism, genocide, pollution, and of course, the conspiracy. Number seventeen, women perfect
the secret laws of status.
And other methods of psychological control. Eighteen, the Sumerians develop money, cities,
and dirty jokes.
Order in the court.
There is one piece of evidence already referred to which has not been placed on exhibition.
The Bible.
Objection. That book has no place in this trial and no bearing on its outcome.
Objection overruled. Proceed.
The wicked worketh a deceitful work, but to him that soweth righteousness shall be a
sure reward. My lords, I rest my case.
Oh, not a very good place to rest a case, actually.
Nineteen, the Egyptians established the rudiments of work, income, sacrifice, and slavery. Number
twenty, the Chinese invent war.
Writing, philosophy, and military world conquest.
Twenty-one, fashion and pornography appear in India, which the Greeks later develop into
art, math, science, and unfortunately for them, nonviolence.
The Aztecs discover psychedelics.
Number twenty-two, as well as the concept of time, and unfortunately for them, again,
hospitality.
Twenty-three, the Japanese perfect international trade techniques, as well as unbreakable social
divisions based on income, honor, and machismo.
Number twenty-four, the Jews perfect the first formula for a self-perpetuating and snuff-proof
religion.
Number twenty-five, the Romans perfect partying.
The Jews perfect the first formula for a self-perpetuating and snuff-proof religion.
This, of course, wasapa, who dedicated his life to worship God.

a mon ayuda de obediencia Gioserre that contributed to the development of charge at which he
spent his엔or, the last when he became an русin.
Number twenty-six, the Muslim land became the center of the human-human history.
The Anglo-Saxon Empire arrived much earlier than before.
It was under Berlioz' rule that Rome and quota were first understood as between Europe
The Knights Templar and other secret societies are invented by what are now human yeti half-breed
priests of geniuses formed in order to battle the conspiracy through disorganization.
28. The Arabs invent evangelical fundamentalism and discover the ultimate life or death forms of
haggling. 29. Russia creates the first foolproof government which can survive unchanged no matter
how often it is overthrown. And who overthrows it? It always remains just as it was. Number 30.
The English invent manners, escapist entertainment, modern pinkness, and the formula for linguistic
economic world conquest. 31.
This is the first time the British have invented a new form of government. The British have invented


a little-known one. 32. American Indians introduce tobacco to the invading whites,
initiating revenge through long-term biological warfare. 33. And we'll come back to the last
three or four most important events in the history of man and subgenius kind.
The last three having taken place in only the last hundred years or so.
34. In the matter of the story of mankind, this high tribunal has weighed most carefully
the good of man against his evil and finds that man is as evil as he is good.
35. Did you hear what he was saying? Did you hear what he was saying? I don't like that last sound.
36. The
Lord is my shepherd. 37. No, that won't do.
38. All right, close your eyes, please. And repeat this prayer after me, right out loud.
39.
40.
41.
42.

44.
45.
46.


49.

51.



54.
55.
56.
57.
56.
57.
58.
59.
60.
61.





65.
66.
67.
68.
69.
69.
70.
70.
71.
72.



74.
74.
75.

78.



80.

80.
92.

93.

93.
94.
94.
95.
95.
95.
96.
96.
97.



98.




95.
96.







80.
0.
0.
2.
0.


тр.
9%

18.
32.



1.
17.

7 John
53.
8 bro
58.

69.


40.
They have all types of perversion going on.
America is being affected.
I am not a piece of...
What are you smiling about?
Order me that six more demerits.
All of them were investigated by police, but usually without much result.
I hate that old demon.
Like just yesterday, I went to the store to buy shoes for my children.
And I was driving home, and it seemed like a force that came over me.
And when I woke, the shoes were gone.
And there was three empty blind bottles in the back of the back seat.
We stress it's perfectly legal.
And these are typical commercial outlets you'll find just about anywhere.
I think it is pretty sick in America when they're selling this junk over the counters
and it's done.
It's probably sick when Christians give their kiddies money to buy this stuff.
What would you do if Jesus walked into some of those homes of all the Protestant movement
and lo and behold, guess what's in the bedroom, friend?
The rapture is not going to be overcrowded.
I don't think we're going to have a traffic jam getting up to heaven.
What we need is to get them prayed through down here.
Amen?
When they're crawling through their radioactive rubble with their fingers falling out
looking for something,
a battery for their tape ditch or their flash box,
oh, then they want to get back to Bob.
Then they're going, oh, I got my $20 reference tag.
Where's that book of the subgenius that tell me what to do at a time like this, eh?
If you start listening for something, you're likely to hear it.
The symbolism is all there.
In a bookstore, my friend hit the shelf and a book fell out, and I caught it.
And it had a pretty weird-looking guy on the back.
It might be like the smile face of the 90s.
The baptism of the mighty fist face of Bob.
The face that can pile through eight-foot-thick titanium steel conspiracy Fort Knox doors.
The face that can burn through metal with that mighty pipe.
And I believe that that had a lot to do with it.
We can get a glimpse of his theories and his rituals in this 1970s,
documentary.
World of the future.
Yes, this bustling world of a thousand moods reflects the dreams of its ambitious inhabitants,
dreams already realized of man's triumph over nature.
First of all, just on their face value, they sound so good.


It's so unusual or bizarre that most people hearing that message really don't think that it's true.
If you start listening for something, you're likely to hear it.
He listened to the tape backwards, too.
Yeah.
I might have heard different things if you'd given me different phrases.
But did you like it?
Yes, Dear Friends.
Recent history has had the three most important of the 34 important developments.
Number 32.
Due to previously incompatible races being forced together in mutual exploitation in the New and rusty





world, America refined showbiz, rock and roll, television, and double talk to an unprecedented
pinnacle, culminating incidentally in this show.
And with advances in communications, American false slack became the top world commodity.
Thus, the 365th Bob was finally for once born in the right place at the right time to bring
mankind the ultimate sales pitch.
Number 33, through Bob, subgeniuses rediscovered true slack.
Number 34, and this one brings us up to the present day, Doctors for Bob rediscover the
bleeding head of Arnold Pond.
And the next, number 35, what will it be, my friend?
Will it be that the world discovers Bob?
According to Bob's word, it will be anyway.
That had better be what happens.
Tonight's program is sponsored in part by the Athener Bookstore.
This is Ralph Fielding Snell on Dinosaur Island.
Hey Ralph, let's get off this island.
I would if I could.
Look, do you think these tickets are any good?
I paid a fortune for them.
Yeah, let's just get down to the airport and get out of here.
Well, look at that.
Clumsy, slimy, slimy.













Now, the cascade of dinosaurs towards the flaming waterfall is...
Oh?
Yes?
Are we still on Dinosaur Island?
Yes, this is Dinosaur Island base.
Oh, the base, eh?
What kind of people security kind of thing do you do?
Well, you see they all seem to be subscribers to the ancient custom of the moradito, the
bribe, the bite.
And when some of these big babies bite you, there ain't much left.
Yes, the giant jaw is gone.
Move, done, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, nine, ten, nine, ten, ten, nine, ten.




segmented legs through the primeval force.
Its carapace was made out of Echidna light, and its serine effect resembled the Adirondacks
or a similar chain of rock-balmed mountains.
Dwarf skin-blown toenails depressed the paleozoic earth, causing the tracks of the beast to
spread in a straight line from station to siding.
Finally, these prehistoric coprolites are extracted by a tractor in the Russian wastes
of Siberia and used as doors by an indignant population.
Thus we see the evolution of a stone, older than the pyramids of Egypt, but even more
undistinguished.
Kind of makes you wonder, doesn't it?
I know.
I do.
What about you?
An enormous skin-blown toenail depressed the paleozoic earth, causing the tracks of the
beast to spread in a straight line from station to siding.
Yes, dear friends, even the dinosaur stations were not as horrible as this.
But then there came Bob, friends.
In fact, he may come again.
You could see him at any moment.
You know that, don't you?
You could meet Bob tonight.
Hey, everybody, look who's here.
Murderer maniac.
Rapist, pervert, matricide, arsonist, bigamist, and sometimes accomplished musician and singer
for all social occasions.
How can they speak of Bob that way?
Don't listen to the devil, my friend.
Don't listen to him!
Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted.
Blessed are the meek.
For they shall inherit the earth.
Don't listen to crazy people either.
Who are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake?
Dead are they who serve not Bob.
You've made it.
You've made it.
And we've made it to 1984.
And beyond.
And who knows?
Who knows what future lingers just around the corner for you and I?
Considering what's happened in the past.
What hap- what happened before.
There's no telling.
But I know, I know in my heart, that sooner or later, no matter how long we have to wait,
he shall return.
Yes, he who is framed in quotes.
Ah.
Our...
Our highly-bobbed J.R. Bob-Dobbs.
A secret report within the Guild.
Maybe this is the news now.
I see him walking down the road now.
I see that smile light up the street.
I see a trail of smoke behind him.
And a trail of money too.
Yeah, he'll be back someday.
Soon.
Someday.
Promo.
For the J.R. Don Nico, Bob-Dobbs.
Bob espe 유발 확인은 위염 because of dose drug overdose.
나 traveled 전자 pig 사용 Aqui entreventa en dia principle
How can we tell whether a gospel is the true gospel or not?
Now we come to the next gift, diverse different kinds of tongues, the Old Testament.
And that, of course, is just not true.
That is not true at all.
We are running the risk of blaspheming the Holy Spirit.
In verse 22, or in verse, yes, in verse 22.
I haven't really made up my mind if one way or the other is acceptable or not.
We better trust the Bible and not the note in the margin.
With absolutely no biblical validation and with a total mistrust of what the Bible teaches.
And everything begins to feel...
I would feel very holy and I would see what I thought was the Lord Jesus.
And he would begin to speak to me from the Bible.
What could that be?
We know this happens through Ouija boards and tarot cards and haunted houses and that kind of thing.
Coming to the Lord Jesus Christ this and the Lord Jesus Christ that.
It may be simply that we're hallucinating.
Or that we had the...
Have the...
The...
We have...
You know, our minds are very tricky and it may be playing tricks on us.
Because he comes...
He comes...
Break?
We want to be...
We want to have no interest in that kind of activity.
Or...
Or...
And...
And...
Or...
Let me...
Let me give a modern day illustration.
57.
Or...
Or 40...
What is that, Luke 9?
57 and 62.
Verse 57.
Or...
Or 40...
What is that, Luke 9?
57 and 62.
Verse 57.
Or...
Or 40...
What is that, Luke 9?
57 and 62.
Verse...
By and by in the sky we'll maybe get there someday.
Now, this...
As we have said, this is one of the...
One of the more interesting...
One of the more interesting...
and wide-ranging forms of musical induction.
Another one, known to the ancients,
is the application of hot irons to the area of the back.
Now, science has since shown
that heat is an accelerated motion of the molecules.
Someone with hot irons on his back
goes through accelerated motions.
Doctors for doctors and Bob for doctors.
Let's go bobbing for doctors.
Put the doctors in the pan here.
Stick your head under and keep it there
while you get doctors.
If you find a piece under your bed,
then there must be something wrong
because the person who stole them
didn't put them under anyone's bed.
Although these stones are rumored to be semi-alive
and to move around
and just turn up in the oddest places you could imagine,
like at WFME.
Newark.
And it's only 20 minutes before 6 o'clock.
But not...
That is sort of a contradictory statement
because it might not actually be 6 o'clock.
I mean, look at your watch.
I mean...
Magazine of the year, which is very hard to read
because it just sort of floats away
and you can't print on it.
You know, it's really no point in doing it.
What do they care?
Yeehaw, that's what they said.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It may be the one thing capable of saving this cockeyed world,
yet you sit back there on your fat hoax
and tell me you'll kill it if you can't use it.
Well, you go ahead and try.
You couldn't do it in a million years
with all your radio stations and all your power
because it's bigger than whether I'm a fake.
It's bigger than your ambitions.
It is bigger than all the bracelets and flint coats in the world.
You bet it is, John.
And that's exactly what I'm going down there to tell those people.
Our party, our political party,
needs to start on the full Patreon site.
Anarcho-materialism.
Anarchic and materialistic.
Every yard a kingdom.
And my friend, every dog and child a serf.
This allows for diversity
from conservatives to the most frightening perverts
like Bob himself.
Gee, I can't wait till that Bob time train
comes around the bend.
Oh, look out, son.
Here it comes now.
Here it comes.
Here it comes.
It's the most important thing you say about a practice.
We got another number.
Three, two, one.
Big!

You couldn't tell him because he's a million and one things.
He's Mr. Big and Mr. Small.
He's simple and he's wise.
He's inherently honest, but he's got a streak of license in his heart.
He's seldom walked up to a public telephone
without shoving his finger into the slot
to see if somebody left a nickel there.
Big!
Big!
Big!
Big!
Big!

The monitors are your friends.
Depend on the monitors.
Work for peace.
Bob loves you.
Violence solves nothing.
Bob loves you.
The monitors bring peace.
Bob loves you.
Peace brings happiness.
James, stop this crazy thing!
James, stop this crazy thing!
James, stop this crazy thing!
James, stop this crazy thing!
Friends, it's true.
It's so true.
Sometimes you just...
You just want it all to stop.
You want all of...
You want history to just...
Get slack for a second.
For the bad news to quit happening.
For this show to stop above all.
The only way you can do that is to keep pledging.
Pay us to quit.
James, stop this crazy thing!
Trouble, I'm getting out.
And out of the same chaos came the breathtaking architecture
of the Lombardos, the dazzling art of Titian and Michelangelo,
and the free thought of the individual,
as so beautifully expressed by Tellezio, Machiavelli, and Campanella.
Is it to mankind's credit that he enshrines this alleged genius
who envisioned atomic destruction?
Can my colleague answer that?
Furthermore, can you deny the great influence
that such daring dreamers exerted on...
on...
Venturesome people like...
Like Christopher Columbus?
Boom!
No more ship.
Columbus showed the way, and mankind followed.
I concede the point, but to what end?
Murder? Pillage? Rape?
Does my noble colleague remember what happened within 30 years
after Columbus showed benevolent mankind the way to the new world?
Have you too quickly forgotten the slaughter of the Aztecs by Cortes?
This violent pattern set by the bloodthirsty Cortez all in all turned out to be one of my better jobs.
The slaughter of the new world was endless, but delightful.
They begin creeping up on you, trying to sell you something.
They get long claws, and they get a stranglehold on you.
And you squirm and you duck and you holler and you try to push them away, but you haven't got a chance. They gut you.
First thing you know, you own things. The car, for instance.
Now your whole life is messed up with a lot more stuff.
You get license fees and number plates and gas and oil and taxes and insurance and identification cards and letters and bills and flat tires and dents and traffic tickets and motorcycle cops and courtrooms and lawyers and fines and a million and one other things.
And what happens?
You're not the free and happy guy you used to be.

You gotta have money to pay for all those things.
So you go after what the other fellas got.
And there you are. You're a helot yourself.
You win, Colonel. Here, take the fifty.
And go out and get rid of it.
You bet I will, just as fast as I can. I'm gonna get some canned goods, a fishing rod, and the rest I'm gonna give away.
Give away?
Hey, get me a pitcher's glove. I gotta get some practice.
Say, he's giving it away. I'm gonna get me some of that.
Hey!
Come back here, you helot.
Is that you going through there, Musgrave?
Now, why in the world would I be going through there, the dog?
Tevis, why do you hate Bob?
Because I hate him, hate him.
Bob is on your side.
Bob wants to make you rich.
I hate him, hate him, hate him.
Bob wants to give you slack, child.
I hate him, hate him, hate him.
I just don't understand the values of young people nowadays.
Hello, this is your Smith show.
And gin.
Oh, man.
Next time you learn, you shouldn't do that.
You shouldn't do that. You know?
Even though it feels good.
Even though it feels good.
Don't do it next time.
Don't do it next time, okay?
Stop hooking.
Stop hooking.
Get your booger.
Get your booger.
Tomorrow is a day for a morning horse.
Hold it. Hold it, Tevis.
What if Bob came to the door right now and rang the doorbell,
and you opened the door and Bob himself was standing there with his pipe hanging out of his mouth?
You wouldn't let him in?
If he was shivering out there in the cold?
If Bob came to hand you a check for a million dollars, would you let him in?
No.
Why?
Because I hate him, hate him, hate him.
It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood.
Hello, Mr. Rogers.
Hi.
Oh, Mr. Rogers, look at my new panties.
Mr. Rogers, what are you going to talk about today?
Mr. Rogers, what are you going to talk about today?
What's hanging out of you?
Oh, forget it.
I'm not supposed to talk about that on TV.
Mr. Rogers, Mr. Rogers, that's your wife's dress you're putting on, Mr. Rogers.
No, no, no, you got the wrong thing out of the closet, Mr. Rogers.
Mr. Rogers spanked me there in that special way.
Ha, ha, ha.
We smell Bob.
We smell Bob.
We smell Bob.
We smell Bob.

Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
What do these people really believe?
And what does their message mean for the rest of America?
It's a boon to him.
He's going to come.
And we'll eat a boon.
He will bring us life.
You know the great thing about our family is that we're all different.
But there is unity in our diversity.
My hand and my foot are different, but they belong to the same body.
And as long as my hand and my foot are coordinated by my head, this body of mine is a wonderful thing.
And here tonight, I'm believing that the Holy Spirit is going to allow me to be a part of this.
Because it's easier for me to just show up without my promise.
This is for me.
If I say I'm involved in these things.
And I show up to live out this reality, there are people who don't have a need to be




sei the thoroughly into the gospel and and see their path cat.

You know, it's not just somebody to worship after worship now.

What do you deserve?
Why do they in fact justzy?

And accept the life of God just for the sake ofõ
Good, good, good, good, good.
No, I don't want to hear some of that.
Here's the way you want to get started.
Here's the way you want to get started.
Good, good, good, good, good.
I don't like it.
I don't like it.
I don't like it here.
I don't l-
The barometer is holding steady, and the skies for us, clear.
But to the south of us, Tropical Storm Bob, no longer a tropical storm.
At 5.30 this evening, Bob became the first hurricane of the season.
Bob will begin to move onshore though, again tonight.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.

Dr. Crash!
Hey, what's with the gorilla and the chicken?
Madam, I must make my meaning clear.
Peace or war?
Yes, that's it!
The only way to control you is to put the brain of this chicken in your head.
I have just received word that the warring armies have moved against each other then the law.

planet Earth. And in accordance with the destiny of time, the great Super H-bomb will explode
at exactly 11 o'clock. I direct your attention to the great clock of outer space. When the
clock strikes 11, the bomb will go off and bring an end to mankind, unless, as such decisions
are entrusted to us, we decide that the bomb shall not go off and that mankind shall survive.
Therefore, speak quickly, Mr. Scratch, and make your summations brief, for we must make
a decision before the clock strikes 11. Speak, Mr. Scratch.
My distinguished colleague rests his entire case on the so-called man of tomorrow. By
inference, he almost ignores the fact that the bomb is not going to explode at exactly








11 o'clock. He acknowledges that mankind deserves no better end than annihilation by
the Super H-bomb. And yet, weak and sentimental, as is all mankind, he introduces a sentimental
trick and hopes to gain the mercy of the court by introducing a pathetic last witness, a
child. I accept the challenge, and I shall use as my final summation the very witness
brought here by man. I call your attention to the witness, innocently playing with his
toys. This is mankind's bright hope of tomorrow, the hope of peace and virtue. Have you seen
the toys with which the child plays? A toy gun and a toy sword.
Who cares?
This is the US war between olha and the USA!
SHADOWS CON shelved, 준� employed, JAHRA attached.
Work the
partition walls of a fresh, new heaven and a wise end.
Now this way.

Cuckoo! Cuckoo!
Stop!
Oh, beautiful!
Oh, monster!
In order to allow man more time to set his house in order
at the earliest possible date.
Take heed and listen well.
For time runs swiftly.
The fate of man is now laid at the doorstep of man himself.
By the villains you encourage, by the heroes you create,
you shall soon achieve eternal life or oblivion.
Therefore, it is the decision of the High Tribunal of Outer Space.
This court shall soon convene again
to determine finally
the fate of man.
Whether mankind shall continue
or be destroyed by the Super H-bomb.
This choice is entirely up to you.
Oh, that's right, dear friends.
It's up to you to us.
We're being judged by the very gods themselves, even now.
That was a live broadcast.
From outer space.
And it all hinges on whether Bob can swing that deal with the gods,
with the exes in 1998.
But he'll fail.
He'll fail indeed, unless we cleave to his teachings
and spread subgenius across the globe and outer space itself.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
And you can get more information on the Church of the Subgenius
from the Post Office Box 140306 in Dallas, Texas, 75214.
I'll read that number in a minute.
But you with tape recorders,
you can get information on the specific tapes and music
I was playing tonight.
night to a certain extent some of it was generated here but uh for chris gross and also probably
good for arnold mathis you can write 209 westervelt place in oradell new jersey that's
westerveld place oradell new jersey 07659 or erwin chusid with his wfmu radio show at 15
the crescent apartment 5 montclair new jersey 07042 or chuck worstrom at inhibiting factor
box 831 chicago illinois 60690 but you know what it is you really need friends you need old bobby
so many people meet here on the beach and to call sterno or just kind of there's a little sterno
with a hole
oh
oh
oh
oh
I see him now he's been poked and caught awake now by the bad show
just look look into yourself and what you see there may be too much well we've got ivan
we've got ivan staying captive here in the in the berkeley show
everything all over go ahead swallow some of those
uh energon crystals muscles flexing stop snorting those energon
crystals muscles flexing stop snorting those energon crystals
okay here it comes here it comes
okay here it comes here it comes

oh look out look out sterno's love muscle is flexing
oh watch out everybody stand back
oh no
excuse me it bumped into me
hey you thought p-dog was ugly
don't get any on you don't get any on you
you hadn't seen nothing until sterno whipped out of bed
whoa he knocked a hole in the wall
that damn thing's got three heads ivan
whoa beat that
they grown big in arkansas don't they
only one foreskin's infected though
something unwholesome about that crisscross


don't look at it too close up little show
there's kind of a capacity there for uh
isolation
yeah we thought we'd get as far away as we could and then give you a call so it's the bad show again
well good uh we're going to take those chromosomes and dna fragments from
and mix them all around
somehow mediate a recombination between those two types of uh
just plop them in the front classroom and let them realign on the wall
why not why not
close enough
so we're gonna we're gonna take the resultant strain and inject it right into that golfer head
that's the way it got head pub
no no don't inject the head
you bring it back to unholy life
it started to float nimbus-like over the golf course leaving a trail of sizzling bloody
hmm it's like a little snail trail
decomposing tissues to interact with the microorganisms of the soil
as the head floated and levitated along it kept uttering the word why
and it realized it's true why
it's a tragic loss
the tragedy that it had invented for itself
and sunk into a depression
mumbling and muttering mindlessly camping with its jaws in a putrescent hole
well mike you want a wotan tonight
so is doc stock still on for this weekend
yeah yeah
we've got to get the dried blood off the walls
the boyfriend brought a new truck just to drive out there
well the door's kind of half filmed over
as soon as we get that finished and get the razor cut
we'll have that piedobecter come on down
that's going to be a tough job
we wonder if he shaved the pieces of that piano
mhm well i think it is important
alright can you turn your neck
yeah
and cough for me
listen you can hear his neck creaking as it turns
oh that's silly oh i see what that is yeah i wasn't watching the monitor
just a little
well uh what kind of hullabaloo are we going to address here then
oh sails i guess same old stuff
yeah same old heads, peaties, you know
urine
bleeding divine oracles
come on that's a pretty unprofessional obsession right there
well it's true but it's all we got
well we'll just have to be cartographers of the head
and it's our duty to explore the wilderness
artillery like art
this new grey matter preserve
just don't look up it's neck stump
you might see something you wish you'd never seen
it was an ugly sight
that's pretty romantic reverend stang
yeah i know what you do with that neck stump
pope sternodoc's kick haver
well i've
i know exactly what you've been doing with that neck stump
i've detected the potential many times in the past and have been dazzled by the ill-matched intimidating circumstances that this relationship has provided for me
it's a breath of abnormalcy amidst a normal atmosphere of you know inhaling deeply of the church air
on the earth
reverend sterno would you hang on just a second
fine fine
we're going to go to the caller hold on
okay
stop that
why'd that nasty caller diverted before we could even get our hooks into it
well he's probably trapped in a gas filled tunnel and when he's lifting his head at the scent of that golfer head and we're more and more interested to learn how far this mighty affair might have progressed
might have that's the key i think for you listeners who are collecting clues as i'm often doing this show
might have is the grass band caller that would have found the other side of the earth
to be a possibility the clues are buried in the show
but that board slid up like a christmas tree commander
well the character and climate of the show no doubt have exerted a slight influence on his actions
a tidal influence we would say
