Oh Bob, oh Bob, won't you spare me over to another show?
Get ready for the judgment day.
What?
Sun is shining, come on get happy.
Lord is waiting to take your hand.
Shout hallelujah, come on get happy.
Let's go to the promised land.
Yes?
Yes?
Yes.
That I heard of once in a lullaby.
We're back here on the air at WWW.
Wonderful Parkinson's, West Wisconsin.
Home of the Thunder Bears, the Eager Eaters, and Grandpa's Homemade Onion Aid.
We'll be talking with people on what does Thanksgiving really mean to us here in 1942.
The war raging all around us, our feet fried, and our hands distended like so.
We're gonna wake up one of us.
Oh my god, what's going on?
The first thing I remember.
Oh, there's blood everywhere.
That's the last thing I forgot.
No, he's trying to, he can't make them shut up.
Ready, here we go.
He can't make them shut up.
Will you be?
He'll never make them shut up.
Somebody gag the cowboy.
Alright, here we go.
Five, four, three, two, one.
And now it's that time you've been waiting for, kids.
Your hero, my lonesome cowboy name just rode in on his automatic horse bucket.
Howdy, kids.
I had a terrible ride here tonight.
I was threatened and accosted by three young bullies, one of whom had a rancid, arid eye
that kept on staring downwards while he beat me for my boots.
After being stabbed and knifed several times about the head and buttock,
I began to scream and chased a 13RTA bus all the way down Chester Avenue.
Once I got to the dumpster next to Mary Lou's, I had visions of her in my head.
Oh, Mary Lou.
I had visions of ski patrol and visions of French bunny girls wearing little parkas
and teeny, teeny, teeny, tiny critterments you couldn't even call clothing.
Smart guy.
And he kept me.
He kept me going.
As the oil was slicking up around my feet and the fires were raging, making the air
on my ears burn down, all I could do was think of the song, Jesus.
So you, uh, you go to prostitutes, huh?
And all I could think of was blij, left a finger, mean, paintless, dear best man.
You, you, I thought you knew what you were doing.
You'll never know until you have it.
And I Vaughn geometric dreams are blowing me to pieces.
It's just not real, but this looks so cozy.
It's still melting depending on your imagination.
I love my pink raw Trendy dry suit.

Oh, I love my pink resistant to smoke boy.
I love all Abu nheng naog coming out and hunting him.
I love to see my money beer ol sah bin.
Awesome.
I know how much you earn every year and I'm glad I don't have a paper시 putt.
But yeah, oh my goodness.


Oh, yes, dear friends, welcome to our slot number 1,818.
That instrumental was by Captain Beefheart and the magic band called Flavor Bud Living from the album Doc at the Radar Station.
Indeed, all the music in this episode is from that artist and album, except the very last song.
Oh, and one singing commercial by the Fireside Theater.
And this background music by Empire Jazz Orchestra.
All the rest of the episode is taken from my 2001 collection of best clips from ESO Swamp Radio from WCSB in Cleveland.
The great show of the late Chaz Smith, on which Lonesome Cowboy Dave and I were honored to be regulars.
If regulars is the correct term, it's probably not.
Anyway, Dave will now give us a synopsis of the glamorous podcast.
The first part of that movie, The Space Princess Flies Again.
Anyone familiar with the expious exploits of a woman's various space exploitations
is familiar with a science fiction scenario wherein an antidote is found for the candidate as a human being.
She's vilified by her own environment and soon finds fun in the attic.
Granddad has found his own fun in the attic.
A little tin box given to him by his grandmother.
And the gonorrhea has gone away.
I'm sorry, sir.
That was the glamorous part.
And then there's the sordid part about the addicts in the attic.
Jeez, it's, you know, weird when you have to hide your sexuality as if it were some form of...
Hello, Kelly, you're on the air.
Tim, Tim calling from Norway.
Freaking Tim ought to be slapped.
Doc Frop and Sister Decadence might be calling out tonight.
They may be calling out anymore.
Oh, my.
Threatened to do that.
They threaten to call?
Yeah.
Look, Captain, there are buzzards flying over your head.
Not over head, just over your head.
Just overhead.
Doc Frop has apparently grown some newly mutated forms of...
We got him back.
...Zipulops, the sacred Tibetan herb.
But the Dalai Lama has never really sneaked a puff, has he?
Or was he like...
The Dalai Lama's the one who showed Bob how to grow it.
Well, he showed him how to grow it.
But he...
He frowned on the actual...
He gave him the droppings that he started...
That Bob started his Frop, his home Frop.
This was the first...
The Dalai Lama back in the 50s, not the one now.
In a darkened room, the lava lamps fluttered like crazy.
The love magic...
Oh, it's a party.
I'm sick.
A broken party, friends.
Uh-huh.
It's a destroyed party.
It's gonna destroy your mind.
Mama told you not to come, and yet you did.
You played with yourself, and you came to the party, and you did it.
You came, and you did it, and you took it.
You took it all the way.
You took all of them.
Too much was always better than enough.
That's what Bob said.
And so you went ahead and did it, and now you've got to face the consequences.
You've got to face the consequences.
You've got to face the consequences.
You've got to face the consequences.
You've got to face the consequences.
You're beautiful.
You're beautiful.
Have you ever heard of close changes on planet Theron?
Because they did.
Oh, yeah.
They did actually abduct this iglesbian, took him to planet Theron.
Right.
Man, I forgot all about that.
And that was some tight changes right there.
Tight changes and some tai chi on top of it.
Well, you know, you have to keep the body and mind functioning.
Right.
You have to kind of keep the synapses fried.
That's what it's all about.
And make sure you don't eat too many cholesterol.
All connected.
Right.
Because they can control your mind.
Right.
The cholesterolization controls your mind.
That's right.
It's all a dream.
It's all in your mind.
I thought the cholesterol.
My mind.
The cholesterol.
I thought the triglycerides were in my brain.
It's in your brain.
My mind.
It's in your brain.
You're my friend.
My mind is my friend.
My mind is my mind.
My mind is my mind.
My mind is my mind.
My mind is my mind.
But that's so fine.
Fine.
Those patches.
What path?
A continent.
I don't mind.
I don't mind.
We'll have to go on reading off the magma and report.
Mind your own business.
What path?
A continent.
I used to pray to it night and rubber leg.
Don't mind me.
My rubber leg was getting a little bit.
Soft.

From the trip over the hills.
But that's the fine thing.
Those arches.
You could get in there and breathe.
Golden ages.
You could live like a regular simian.
Forget about the waterline machines coming back.
You could start again.
Start a whole new life.
Oh.
I'm gonna get high.
I'm gonna get high and go to one of them spaced out trans-so concerts.
I'm gonna get high.
I'll try some of that mace mixed with DMT mixed with marijuana mixed with Everclear.
Man.
If you want to be really cool, you'd sever the crotch.



You'd sever the connection between your right and left brains.
Now if you want to get a buzz on, dude, you won't be able to tell the difference between
your car and your glasses.
Reagan achieved that state without even trying.
And Bob was born that way.
Jackie then found out why there was no bill in his new year's amor德 Subscribe Now



She can burn you up in bed just like she said.
Cause she's a hot head . Hot head.
Hot head.
.
.
.
25




1








.


She puts her head into the fire
Makes her red heart perspire
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead
She was burned before she was born
Burning up a storm
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead
Lick out like a flame and burn you to a shame
Fight a burning flame
Sweet shot burning big
She's a red hot pig
She's a hobo by a toaster
She's a circle on a spit
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead
She can stitch you to a wheel
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead

She can take you to a fire
And spin you round and round
Pour you, drink you down
Fire, fire, fire
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead
Bends you up in bed just like she said
Cause she's a hothead, hothead, hothead
She can lick you out like a flame
Burn you to a shame
Yeah
Burn up, burn up, burn been flame
She can drag you up in bed
Tie you up in street
Corn you up in state
Cause she's a hothead, hothead, hothead
She's aA
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead
She's a hothead, hothead, hothead
She's a slacker, slacker, slacker


She can do it by the show
She can strut it by the door
Is this coming on the air, Chad?
Is this a caller, please?
Hello, Tim, you're a techno beef.
How come some of these, like,
I don't want to use the word,
homosexuals,
actually emulate the robot personality now?
You would think that, you know,
Humboldt Sexuals and their robot pets.
Here in Humboldt Sexual,
we know how to grow your own green sexuality.
But, that's you.
If we can keep the mechanical tractors
from smoking the crops,
it'll all be yours.
And the sex organs is all the fun.
Poor upside.
I'm very turkey right now.
Oh, my God.
I'm so wet.
Now, what we need to do
is take a little bit
of these nose hairs down.
And we look so cute.
The robot is servicing
the frog plantation.
Oh, master.
Wild.
The harvesting this year's
frog of newly mutated
have a frog ziplock
smerafasalupina.
Colloquially called frog.
Suck my balls.
Well, we're not into colloquialisms, baby.
Well, the colloquials like to smoke it.
Others, though,
where I come from,
you pack it up your exit wound.
That's the way a Texan does it.
That's the way a North Texan does it
in November to commemorate the
I remember when Bob was in Korea.
He was shot 24 times in the abdominal muscle.
And he didn't desire quinine
or any of that alpha-stic himself.
And when the medics came by,
he asked for pure 100% has you brought?
I said, first officers and first officers.
JFK was in the problem.
When he was with that was what Jackie
was crawling over the back of the
the limo to get out of the trunk.
So his head blew up.
He must need more of his frappy.
Here you hear you.
The case of Bob Dobbs
versus the case of Florida.
Me, my pretty new
on hell space
here in the Cathedral of Pain.
Bailiff, could you please
bring in the bleeding head of Arnold Fluxus?
E.N. Palmer.
He said something.
Are you guys giving out legal advice?
Yes, we are calling in for legal advice.
You will.
You got the right people.
Okay.
If you wanted to, like, sell your body
to a necrophiliac, but you were still alive,
you know, like, just get the money in advance
and like just promise to take care of it, you know, and,
you know, like not, you know, mess it up.
Or anything.
And, you know, would that be legal?
Did you make a contractual obligation
with this person stating that?
Well, I'm considering it. Yeah.
Okay.
And at the moment of your death
in this contract, it is written
that he will be able to perform rude stunts in the bus with you?
Yeah.
Is this an exclusive contract?
Would would anybody can others get in on it?
I don't know.
Is he?
Well, you know, I'm just saying, would that be legal
to sell your body to someone after after you were dead?
Speaking of pro choice issues.
If somebody, for instance, it not just for the pure fun of of necrophilia,
which I'm sure most people out there enjoy from time to time.
Many religious people do is sort of sell their body
to the highest bidder for what happens after death.
Well, that's why the Chinese had to invade Tibet.
They were selling stiffs as love corpses for their strange worship.
Activity service as payment to the gods.
Lip service and to buy into to so that the gods then can use them after death.
But.
That's to use their souls, not their bodies, I guess.
Now, God can do that.
Why not man?
We'll see world where man now think like a lawyer.
Okay, God, calm down.
So man, think like a lawyer for a second.
Oh, this cadavre is greater than God.
This corpse or cadaver, whichever we call it, is non exosqueezes.
Hock's pro quo, meaning it is not a cadaver until some certain point in time
at which her contractual obligation begins and his.
Do you have to be from a.
You know what?
She's talking about Bob called you, didn't he?
Young lady.
Are we having?
I think I've been making deals with you now.
I know Bob.
This show proves that humans, it would be a scary idea
if humans actually did start colonizing the universe.
Just think they would want to take this rag tag bunch of malarkey everywhere.
They went.
You can't imagine a bunch of us out there.
Can you imagine a bunch of dorks on Alpha Centauri with their own radio show
barking up the airwaves?
And some other planetary system making, you know, huge.
We would be the horrible monsters from outer space.
And in fact, we would be the ecclesiastical mongrels of which your own church
and many other churches have whispered silently in our hearts since the beginning of colonization.
Since the very first days that the devices were implanted in your anus, my anus, all of ours.
Hey, speak for yourself.
I am. I'm not.
I'm not talking through your mouth and I will never do that again.
As long.
As long as I don't, you know, those Tibetan scripture things, I'll never, ever try and speak through another body, living or dead.
But my own.
I say get those inserted devices out of yourself one expellation at a time.
I say get it while you can.
Every fart.
See, there's two philosophies right there.
Takes another few molecules of that device out with it.
Stan says get the devices out with the church of the subgenius as your assisterator.
Chaz says your assisterator will be those flatulent devices.
The booster rocket number one.
Hi, neighbors.
I'm Edgar Allan Paul, manager of Bird of Prey Motors, where you can follow the feathers to under the sign of the black bird.
If you've been turned down before, never more, never more.
Yeah, that's right, Nick.
That's my bird, Nick.
And I guess I know a bird when I see one.
Even if you've been killed in an auto accident.
And can't get your driver's license back from the police, we'll help you.
You know, it usually takes a lawyer to help a doctor cure a policeman.
But if it's action you want, well, we're all actors here.
And here.
And here.
At all the Bird of Prey garages in Gotham and Metropolis.
And now in Duckburg, dockside at the corner of something Pumpin Avenue.
Well, for precision auto salvage, body belts, and transmission problems, too, y'all come on down to where the president stands under every car.
That's the Bird of Prey garages serving the Tri-City area since 10-1-0.
9 o'clock.
Every morning.
When do we close?
Never more, never more.
I will stand upon my end.
Until this bird is dead.
At the Bird of Prey.
The Bird of Prey garage.
In the loop park with Nick Gurel and Nicole.
Thank you to the Fireside Theatre.
Before that, except for the Captain Beefheart song Hot Head, it's been in the air.


ESO Swamp Radio from old WCSB Cleveland all the way up.
Then it's going to continue to be ESO Swamp Radio almost all the way down.
In fact, let's go to the phones now and see what this caller has to say.
But listen, Dave, I wanted to tell you that, you know,
the last time I listened to this show, I was a 16-year-old runt.
Now you're a 52-year-old runt with bad eyesight.
But it's amazing when I listen to the tapes now, I actually understand them.
Anyway.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah, man, but did you ever think that when you were really young,
you really understood it better than you ever would understand
if you ever understood it before?
Yeah, I understand that. I understand what you just said.
And just think that next year, you'll look back and you'll go,
man, I understand this more than I ever understood it before.
And then you'll look back on those years that you understood it before that
and go, but I really knew that.
And the year after that, my head will explode.
Well, that's why most of them quit doing it, you know.
Well, listen, boy.
They only like it.

Listen while they don't understand.
Listen, guys.
Bob bless all of you.
And have a wondrous New Year.
Listen, it's so amazing that I've been able to get back in contact with you.
I'm glad this show, what is this, 52 years you're on the air now?
Yeah.
Well, this is actually the 55th year coming up.
This is the year we have to board the Discovery.
Wasn't it the Discovery in 2001?
Very, very thin air, as they call it.
Now, are you doing any more episodes?
Are we doing any more episodes?
The big ship that went out there.
We do an occasional dog food commercial.
Dave had an episode.
At the time, it was mostly been decent maternity.
And so we, you know, are lifted by lawsuits and other incidental things.
Dave's got a lot of maternity suits happening right now.
That's the best.
That we are in a decade of change.
We may be in a decade of convulsion and upheaval.
And therefore, the biggest thing you can do to prepare for the 90s
is to build your own ship.
Marvelous things can happen to you despite what's going on around you.
I would recommend very strongly that everyone read...
The Book of the Subgenius.
Disease and pestilence stalking the land.
Bob's promise rings true.
Ah!
Please tell them that I am God.
Welcome potential initiates and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
God.
Here's a little poem by a contributor named Reverend Onan Kenobot.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.

Oh.


Oh.
Oh.

Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.








or no?







We know no one knows.
I know none.
Oh.
I know none.






We have a Western story.
I'm not the transplant brand in the culture business of was born.
I know none.
I've never seen baloon write a story about�
spacemakers.

But I know none.
Cyjano.
happens for a reason. A sea of pink will make one think that normalcy is not misery, and getting
along with the teeming masses by being bullies and kissing asses is how things are run, and gosh,
even fun, because everything happens for a reason. Everything happens for a reason.
True stories told of minds controlled. True power spied in pyramids' eye. A UFO fuels our misery to
grease the gears of the conspiracy. Their lasers avoid. Be paranoid, because everything happens for
a reason. Everything happens for a reason. A salesman spoke. Our hearts awoke. Our church was
founded. Our hopes well grounded.
The Church of the Subgenius scoffs at rebuke, offering no reasons but an excuse, and lays the
blame and the damned false claim that everything happens for a reason. I thank you, Reverend Onan
Canobite, darn it, man, and the Empire Jazz Orchestra. So, okay.
I actually stand, I get a weird cold feeling.
My skin gets all greasy and clammy and gray, and my eyelids roll back, and I think that I can see the inside of my brain.
So that's your secret, man. I always wondered why you attracted so many chicks.
It's a brain. It's a brain.
He turns his brain inside out.
See the light coming out of his ears.
He waggles his brain at the girls, and they come running.
Yes, your eyes are so red.
It's the Dave brain. Oh, it's so convoluted. Like your speech. Oh, Dave.
That's right. Dave, we need to just take a few more minutes.


Dave, you're so Bob. I thought Bob was just kind of Dave.
It's like a saloon in the Dave brain. It's like an old western saloon in there.
It's always 2001, except for 2001.
Right. But it's 1888 and, you know, like, it's like an old...
It's 1888 and 2001.
At the same time.
And the year 2328.
There's them like Lily, you know, type prostitute dancer girls around, and cowboys.
The year 5449 is in there.
Well, of course.
It's the saloon at the end of time. The saloon at the time intersection.
Where Dave meets every archetype of Dave.
From throughout history. The transvestite hooker with a heart of gold.
Dave Visa.
Or Dave Vess.
The crooked mayor Dave.
The rich developer Dave.
All in the saloon at the end of the universe.
The starship captain.
It isn't a pleasant sight.
Handsome Dave.
Who wants to look at things anyway?
The saddled crippled lawyer in a wheelchair.
Especially with these near, dear eye sockets.
Dave.
He's leagued up.
The best man.
In the saloon of... life.
What do you have, partner? What do you have?
You there, partner with the one eye pointed down, the other one pointed sideways.
What do you have?
I'll have a time... I'll have a time interse...
Ahhhh!
I mean a sarsaparilla, sir.
We don't serve no sarsaparilla, no St. Louis sissies around here.
You drink a man's drink or you walk out there in the street and get shot down by him.
And at the moment that they... the inhabitants of the cosmic saloon did not even notice the passage of the time intersection.
But everything had changed.
And when they walked outside, the circus of Dr. Lowe was just arriving.
Now a fence and tankers and lions and... laugh, laugh, laughing clowns.
And Sheriff Grumley was...
The yeti jumped... the sideshow yeti broke free from its chains, ran into the crowd and carried off the spinster repressed Bridget Librarian.
And he and Pan, having a three-way with her, turned her on.
And then the stupid, ignorant, racist rednecks...
While getting the local town surviving Indian to dance...
Accidentally knocked over the fishbowl containing the infant Loch Ness Monster, which grew to gigantic size...
Chased the man into a giant flaming cathedral where they threw spears at him until they traded to James Franciscus and it died.
And so we learn that nature...
In its infinite wisdom...
Mocks man with its puny pride.
Nature which holds us in its tender grip, its mercy is its gentle cradle until we've approached the moment of wisdom...
And so...
At which time it turns its hand down and its cold icy stare out of it.
And so we know that Godzilla will be back again...
To teach man a lesson.
Only this time...
He will...
He will come...
To teach man a lesson.
In the form of a friendly little puppy...
Named Joy Boy...
We have already seen these things.
Dr. Panaram and Dr. Patel and I have spent hours and hours in mystic dreaming.
And this is our prediction...
That not only will the white buffalo return...
But the cute little puppy will be the Messiah of mankind.
Oh man...
That's a lousy prediction, man.
That is nuts.
That is nuts.
The hints are in the air.
I was...
I was hoping you were bleeding.
I looked at all the other contestants and noticed there wasn't a drop of blood on any of them.
How did you get so stiff and straight like that?
Oh my, what an unusual haircut.
You just sit down right here and cross both of your legs.
I mean all three.
We know how you work the room.
And you can just cross your eyes now and fold your hands.
And you can just listen to this message.
Fuhakboa Zand.
Leader of the Magma...
Uh, reports.
And my recollection.
That's right, you won't remember anything.
Time is being distended.
You're going through a temporal shift right now.
Mom, I'm back.
Mom?
Ma?
What the hell you doing down there in the basement?
Jesus, God, Ma...
Is that...
What the hell are you doing?
The Bald-Headed Elvis from Michigan, I guess.
Call 8-7.
Making love to a vampire with a monkey on his back.




on my knee
The pond shines dry like a lady's
compact
Lilies leap like flat green
hearts with white hearts
squirting yellow pollen
cocks
Ferns ran like cool spades
fossils away from rocks
Bees echoed
dark carbon hums
that dashed in
nothing
Nats my ears and nostrils
hit my brain like
homes in numb to nothing
wings stuck on liquid
bones
Making love to a vampire with a monkey
on my knee
The moon poured hollow down my
milky leg
Splashed still and moved
The wind
peed down the willows
and pricked the needle fine
The monkey moved
a fur shadow
Its soot tail curled in twos
Its lips
smiled needles
Its eyes
rolled loose
Her throat broke open
Glistened in the dew
Red berries dangled
like a dream of rubies too
Snot muscles ran down her ivory chin and tooth within
A locket, a pin
held fast to then
My love, my pocket deep within
Incenses dangled a chain






A man clasped me to her then
The messenger spoke the wind
that blows between our time
I sent you then
in whispers spin and flow
in silver dust around the pointed pen
Sent to nothing
God please
my mind for good
Making love to a vampire with a monkey on my knee
Oh that thing
That poem
Eyes crawl out with magics
White cloth bones
Pile up like thrown blades
Rags in skull
Scoop soil cracks
Drain screams
Please take my hand and join me
Too soon its clutches gleams
Making love to a vampire with a monkey on my knee
Death be damned wife
What pain
Killing time
Be it life or death
nın spell
Dead or knew

ами
I love Fox Music.
Oh!
Fox Music.
Wait a minute, gentlemen.
It's Chaz, the magic music sex man.
Ladies and gentlemen, Chaz, the magic music sex man.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Chaz is a sex god.
Baby.
Yeah, I picked him all about the past.
It was 1972 in Detroit City, and Chaz was doing a long, lean walk around the both sides of town.
Long Chaz, they called him.
He had big feet.
Long, dong.
A private detective who didn't keep too many things private.
Hey!
We're gonna party tonight.
And man, could he dance.
I got a good money and I feel right.
He's been dancing since Jesus hung in the cross.
I remember Chaz like it.
But no tomorrow.
He was my student down at the academy.
And he always had a funky thing going down.
What else could I do but tell him to go on with his pursuit?
Those magic feet even drove me crazy.
Chaz had been funky ever since God was changing Jesus' diapers.
He was a funky man.
Chaz put the face on funk.
He two- saçgs stubborn.
He took his shoes off and burned a couple times.
And he took a show from beğ Yon Woo.
Chaz and能 calculated how many milesrico he pulled back to the top-right afteroffs.
So he won.
Chaz walked almost completely left in 0.1 seconds.

Can I go next ?
It was beyondhanded pressure which metallicavatting really was in a half second.
zwotava Banker
after months of low quality looping or absolutely ambivalent with the
The rock of Colombia is rock.

Proud of my God.
Partner to go around the world like the world.
your nasal cortex most of the experiences.
You express that so well.
The long knitting needles, believe me, are...
Express yourself.
Express yourself.
It's a kind of a clean feeling you get, you know, like you've all been...
Clean yourself.
Clean.
Fresh.
Clean.
Clean it out.
Wipe yourself.
Find refreshment where you live.
Ream yourself.
You peppermint douche.
Live again.
In a clean body.
A breath.
Refresh.
Lighten up.
Manhole.
Grab rocks.
Move with...
Stallions.
Bowie knives.
Brass cannonballs.
And a brick chest.
Ah, there he is.
And you just put this right on his head.
Oh, my God.
I've never seen anything like that before.
He's got a head condom.
Dave has just put a condom over his complete head.
He's ready to dive right in.
I can't breathe.
Oh, it's doing...
Oh, my God.
That's obscene.
It's lubricated.
He's getting into it now.
Ladies and gentlemen, you should see what's going on in the studio.
I've never seen performance art quite like that.
Keep your heart out, Howard.
It's stirring.
Ow.
All right, but I need something to play.
Yaw, yaw, yaw.
Lords of Acid is just about nothing but that kind of Richard and Kitty Cat.
Well, how about a pronuncement of earth-squagging impertinence?
Somebody told me that people have group sex at Lords of Acid concerts.
I said, now, I've been to five X days.
And a Thrill Kill concert.
I've seen them all just about.
But...
And this young lady that was explaining this to me said,
well, I had my first three-way at a Lords of Acid concert.
Well, everybody had a three-way there, but they're talking about long-sliking dogs.
They're talking about three-way hits.
No, I thought they were...
I think they were talking about three-way sexual activities with a prairie squid.
A man on one end, a woman on the other, and a squid in the middle.
You better believe it, baby.
And sometimes you can get another guy or girl in there,
depending on if it's a large enough and willing enough squid.
Depending on how big the ink sac is on the squid.
That's right.
You can always use the ink sac once it's been de-inked.
Can you put them together like a little pioneer toy when you were 75 years old?
You can use de-inking suction cup pad machines.
Subgenius Foundation.
Huh?
I mean, just if you had three squid.
Not three squids.
I'm, of course, an erudite person.
Three squid.
Could you just snap them together like blocks?
And they would serve the same purpose of perhaps 100 just to clear?
The South American army squid will do that.
They will actually form bridges of their own bodies across rivers
so that their horny squid mates can get across at the cost of thousands of lives,
yet thousands.
Thousands more will live.
The reason for the psychic experiments.
Look here.
The arm is squared.
They're not only growing in size through conjugating and multiplying,
but they have one mind.
One heart, one mind.
Much like you, Dr.
If you cut off the head, it just grows another one.
One mind.
If you pull a beak, another beak appears.
If you shave an eyebrow, another thing laughs at you and cries at you.
If you pull out its fangs, it grows twice as many.
If you pull its ears, it wants you to rub its belly.
If you give it milk, it will suck your blood.
All these things and more can be yours at Squid Town, Prairie Town, USA.
My, miles and miles of furrowed dirt.
And squid flipping and undulating and eating every patch.
I thought I'd died and gone to heaven.
Yeah, Rose, Pond Rose, I never believed there could be such a squid farm.
Oh, fine.
Squids, as far as I can see.
They're slupping and slupping.
I think they're ready to be picked.
I got my Viagra.
I'm all greased up and ready to go.
Look, look, I got one of them fake beauty marks on my...
Oh, sorry, it's a melanoma.
But look, I got a tear.
Oh, tight, tight, tight pants.
I got a tight squid here.
Yeah.
I'm going to retire soon.
A little bit of that sorrel sausage sorcery there, eh?
That's right.
I like to get down in them furrows and just plow.
You know what I mean?
Just plow my way.
Use one squid as a condom for the use of another squid.
Yep.
And then the bigger...
And use it then.
Use a bigger one atop them.
We were the ones who invented them things back in the dome.
You know, back in the dome.
Squid with a squid.
Well, back under the squid.
You could take one of them and you would shave your eyebrow for you.
You wouldn't have to even sit in a chair.
You could just sit there and lecture it about anything that came to your mind.
I tried to get a patent on those things, but it turns out you can't patent a formula.
That's right.
But that didn't matter back in the day.
And that's all you really need to create that.
We just sit there with Linden.
Linden and having the squid.
Linden and having.
Mammy didn't know nothing.
We did all kinds of songs.
Linden and having.
Happy with none the wiser.
Remember the squid songs we used to make up when we had nothing else to do but just try
to recharge our depleted accordion?
Knowing the squids.
Yep.
Didn't even know them real personal.
Loving the squid.
Having the squids.
Plowing the squid.
Squidding around on the squid.
Squid cage.
Squid cage.
Squid cage.
Squid soup.
Squid sandwiches.
Look at it for maybe a half an hour.
Squid bed.
Squid.
Squid flags.
Squid flags.
Squid pudding.
Squid bait furniture.
Squid primavera.
There's nothing like squid pudding, though.
All that stuff.
Squid.
Everybody's grandmother made squid pudding out of their own orifices.
And squid strudel is good, too.
When you had a dry, dry old granny.
Not like the rest of us.
Oh, no.
We used to dry out the granny.
I remember that.
We'd take the old granny.
We'd take the grannies and we'd string them up.
Smoke them.
Smoke them.
And for a long time.
And get them cured.
Two, three, four weeks.
We would be cured, but we would never get high off of it.
Jerk granny.
Nope.
Wasn't right.
Besides, grandpa didn't like that.
No, he wanted to all do it himself.
He wanted to do his own jerking.
He walked 50 miles a day to go to a squid.
And then grandma, she walked until she quit squidding.
She'd walk about 25 miles a day.
And they just keep telling the same story.
Everybody knows you took the squid.
Oh, I've been jerking.
You're in the old days.
Like that prairie squid murking.
I remember that old song.
Oh, crap.
Yeah, we'll cut you.
Yeah, we'll cut you.

Aliens coming to earth to get our beef jerking.
You know, how the hell did you ever survive the last seven years without your droinkies?
I'm sorry.
Well, what happens is if you've been around enough squid, well, they get into you.
And they just start reproducing and hollering.
And hollering.

And hollering.
Before you know it, you're just a vessel for squid intelligence.
And then you got to send them to college.
Exactly.
Start all over again.
You're going to get done with the little peckers.
Keep you young.
Keep you young and quick.
My feet have gone to sleep while we're talking about this.
And I think my hemorrhoids come back.
So if we could maybe change the subject a little bit.
No.
All right.
I know that's the only thing you ever want to really.
Talk about in depth.
But for crying out loud, we've been talking about it for six weeks now.
I know.
I know.
Isn't a boy named Sue.
He cannot leave the back of the EMS vehicle singing to the various crippled victims of the gerbling problems.
I guess we want to call them problems.
Somebody was clearly at fault and didn't want to take.
Didn't want to take credit.
If you don't.
Don't feed the gerbil.
What do you think is going to happen?
Soon.
You know.
The gerbil becomes very hungry.
As his belly becomes hollow and his skin becomes slick.
As the hair falls out and his eyes grow weak.
He will bite at anything.
The last minute.
I will substitute the starving gerbil for the healthy one.
Or just about ready now.
The master won't suspect until it's too late.
Hmm.
He humiliates.
That's the only.
Hi friends.
I'm Heinrich Himmler.
And boy, when it gets hard to understand, it really gets hard.
And when it gets big, it gets really big.
We like to make it big and hard for you to understand.
So zip up your zip suit and check it out.
Kids.
That's why my tongue got this way.
It's all bigger.
Hard.
I can't.
Yeah.
I thought it was like.
And you thought that it was something mutant and ugly, but really in the subgenius.
Church.
That hanging lolly gaggy tongue and that twisted face is the sexiest thing you've ever seen.
That's what the subgenius women called beautiful.
Yeah.
And wait till you see what the men go for.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Can you imagine?
Have you ever seen a woman with that many lips?
He's coming over here.
No.
No, he's just.
Have you ever seen women with that many lips there?
And look, each one of them has its own separate personality.
I can't imagine.
That's what you want.
You want guys.
Believe you me.
I'm older.
Once you've gone there, you'll never go.
The other place.
Anytime ever again.
I'm speaking to you professionally as a sex professional.
Now.
Now, professionally speaking, saying what is the best sex position for a subgenius to take?
Under Bob.
All is under Bob.
I thought you were going to say that.
Bob is always on top.
Yeah.
He is.
And if one has earned a reach around from that great super salesman, that living avatar of slack, then one should leave a special tip for him.
And it's important to leave that tip in the right jar, isn't it, Reverend?
Yes, that's right.
And to use a nice clean knife when you separate the tip from all the rest.
A clean, clean, clean and sterilized knife.
Now.
No offense.
Extra sterilized.
Pure.
Sharp.
I needed to bust in here and mention that the voices on that especially sexy mess of squidy stuff from ESO radio were Reverend Blipo Abernathy, also known as William Cates, the Hollywood actor.
And Princess We Are Doe, queen of all the stars.
And the most famous of all the UFOs who I had just married shortly before that show was recorded, I think.
But now, back to Bob.
Bob?
I think of Bob as a protean sex gland often.
And when I think of myself ensconced in a little home, a little domicile on the pipe on the ring of Saturn's moon, I can see little flocks of pastures of green sheep floating by.
And what do they call those?
Hillocks?
Hillocks?
Like a little cottage with smoke curling out of it.
And each one resembles a pipe.
And I can see myself there with my own little Connie.
A Connie of my own design, perhaps.
Hairy-footed, perhaps with a face much bigger than the rest of her body.
I like that kind, too.
I thought you did, and that's why I brought her up.
She's been calling you again, Stang.
That big head girl?
From space?
She's been calling you, Stang.
Oh.
Oh, Bob.

I think I hear her.
I think all I ever get is your machine.
I know you've been thinking of me.
I went back to the carnival again and went on the ferris wheel and rode the merry-go-round, and all I could do was think of you.
Of course, it was very hard to fit my head in.
The merry-go-round was very low ceiling.
But still, I was alone.
And thought of you.
I ate a half a loaf of bread, and then I played with myself and cried again.
Then I went on the ferris wheel.
I had to be restrained because my head was disturbing the other passengers.
And I thought of you again.
I went down to the boardwalk and looked at the scene.
And all I could see was you, Reverend.
Why you don't call me back sometime?
Well, it's bleeding.
A huge little ice cream.
I've been a big woman from space world calling you back again.
Hoping sometime you'll return my call.
Bye.
And I wait until the evening gets late and I'm alone with you.
It's so strange.
The steam fills my head, the stars get red for the night so blue.
All those groupies.
Yeah, I remember.
All they needed to do was to just send their $30 to Bob.
And I know that's all they're trying to do.
They think I know Bob's phone number.
You think that's...
And I do.
You do.
But they think I can give it to them and I can't.
I just can't.
And instead of giving you their $30...
I deny them Bob's essence.
What do they do?
They come up to you and in time they say something stupid.
They play with your hairy feet.
They talk backwards to you and try and trick you.
If time is right, listen to the words.
Time, yes.
If time really existed...
How many times has this happened at Divisible?
Every time.
Every damn one.
So many times.








I remember the last time I was playing with Einstein's secret orchestra at the Divisible
for the Reverend Ivan Zang of the Church of the Subgenius.
We just finished a song and a rush of about 11 women were storming up on the stage.
It's always 15-year-old guys with glasses.
Skankily clothed.
If only it was women.
Yeah, if only it was women who didn't look like kind of fat guys in those weird Pendleston
shirts with like...
With a Bob shirt.
With real thick glasses.
That's too tight.
Guys that kind of look like us, you know, and only...
I thought that was really good.
The only part I enjoy was saying, you know, they're really smart and everything.
Yeah, but you know what?
You missed this one note.
I saw where you missed this note.
Yeah, it looks smart as shit.
And there's a link on your website.
It's dead.
I wanted to make sure you knew about that.
And you know what's wrong with those CDs?
That's where they go skipping.
No, man.
We don't want that.
That's a coding problem.
We don't want that.
That's a coding problem.
Hi.
How have you been?
I'm watching you tonight.
Are you all right?
Are you hungry?
Can I get you anything?
A cup of coffee, perhaps?
A sandwich?
A ham?
A glass of Guinness and some crackers?
A bee job?
Maybe some...
Knotted nylons?
Oh, yes, bees.
Yes.
I can bring you peas.
Would you like some peas, honey?
I can make honey for you.
Oh.
Oh.
No, they don't talk that way.
The hot Yoo-hoo bottles?
No, they don't wear Hulu skirts.
They don't talk funny language-ish for our pleasure.
No, they just say, price Bob.
None of them have hair on their faces.
I found my copy of Book of the Subgenius for a dollar at the cutout bin.
Would you sign it?
Some of them.
Some of them do have the little lines, the dotted lines for the cranial implants and
the place where they took off the top of their head.
I like that.
All right.
Let's have a little break here.
Thank you, ESO.
But here's some wit and wisdom.
I pulled these from The Week news magazine.
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night and in between does
what he wants to do.
Bob Dylan said that.
Never hate your enemies.
It affects your judgment.
The fictional Godfather character Michael Corleone said that.
I like work.
It fascinates me.
I can sit and look at it for hours, said author Jerome K. Jerome, if that really is his name.
Adam invented love at first sight, one of the greatest labor-saving machines the world
ever saw, said humorist Josh Billings.
To die is poignantly bitter, but the idea of having to die without having lived is unbearable,
said Eric Fromm.
I'm going to die.


And now this.
Oh, death.
Oh, death.
Won't you spare me over till another year?
Well, what is this that I can't see with ice-cold hands taking hold of me?
Well, I am death.
None can excel.
I'll open the door to heaven or hell.
Oh, death.
Someone would pray.
Could you wait to call me another day?
The children prayed.
The preacher preached.
Time and mercy is out of your reach.
I'll fix your feet.
Till you can't walk, I'll lock your jaws till you can't talk.
I'll close your eyes so you can't see this very hour come and go with me.
Death, I come to take the soul, leave the body and leave it cold.
To drop the flesh off of the frame.
The earth and worms both have a claim.
Oh, death.
Oh, death.
Won't you spare me over till another year?
My mother came to my bed.
Placed a cold towel upon my head.
My head is warm.
My feet are cold.
Death is a-movin' upon my soul.
Oh, death.
How you're treatin' me?
You close my eyes so I can't see.
Well, you're hurtin' my body.
You make me cold.
You've run my life right out of my soul.
Oh, death.
Please consider my age.
Please don't take me at this stage.
My wealth is all at your command.
If you will move your icy hands.
Oh, the young, the rich or poor.
How like me you know.
No wealth, no land, no silver, no gold.
Nothing satisfies me but your soul.
Oh, death.
Oh, death.
Won't you spare me over till another year?
Won't you spare me over till another year?
Won't you spare me over till another year?
Sobering.
Sobering indeed, friends.
That was Ralph Stanley singing.
And I first heard it on the soundtrack of
Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?
That's actually kind of a hard song for an old person to hear.
By the time you're my age, you've seen way too many younger folks
taken before their time by illness or accident.
Yes, sir.
One thing I hate more than the conspiracy,
even more than the conspiracy, is chronic diseases.
Not the aging, that's fair enough.
But the hurting.
At least this show was really funny up till now.
But just as the grim reaper comes a-knockin'
just when you'd rather he not, which is every time,
well, so too must this hour of slack,
much like beans, come to its end.
People say in Boston even,
beans do it.
Beans'll do it, friends.
Let's vote.
Home again.
And in fact, now I'm going to give you more information
about where this all comes from,
the Church of the Subgenius,
the books,
the videotapes,
the monsters,
the living madmen,
and this post office box.
You can write for free information
from Bob, just our slack,
or Bob Dobbs,
or Reverend Ivan Stang,
or anybody,
or Jesus at postofficebox.
807 Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
You can also mail CDs and tapes,
and MP3s,
and whatever you got,
to me,
Reverend Ivan Stang at Box 807,
Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
That's Stang at subgenius.com.
And always check out www.adoptsubgenius.com.
Thank you.
.
Okay.
.
