Why do I need to demagnetize this?
I'd like to demagnetize the hell out of you, honey.
Test, test, test, test, test, test, test.
Save me, save me.
Bob saves those who save themselves.
Well, Bob made it so cold.
Pull out your wallet.
Dr. Gabot.
I'll give you my wallet if you just make it summer in here.
Just pull it out and, oh, well, I'll turn off the...
Look, look.
Look, there's my wallet right here.
All right, and it's warmer.
Here's my checking account.
How much do you want?
It was, uh, just...
They are pulling the wool over our eyes, constantly.
Bob is saying if we must be lied to and cheated for reasons,
let us do it to ourselves for our own reasons.
Let us realize where the real deceit lies.
Let us have a choice in how we're being screwed.
Some ways are fun.
Like, for instance...
There's some genius.
Our own.
What?
For many of us, there is no physical escape from their clutches
or any hope of it until the exes come
and the followers of Yahweh One prevail.
But until that day,
the power and wisdom of Bob can help us break their mind control
by activating that mutant gland that we all have within us.
This allows us to control our own reality,
gives us the clarity of perspective
to be able to sit back and look at it all,
and I mean all, and simply say,
fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Then and only then will slack begin to drop gently
like a soothing dew into our tortured lives.
After all, it should be every person's choice
to curse God and die if that is what they wish.
We all have the right to spit in the eye of the collective gods,
did we not create them?
Where indeed would Yahweh own be
without the human race to torment and pester?
I'll put it to you, the old chiseler would be pretty damn bored with it all
if there was nothing more entertaining than cherubims and seraphims
and numby-pumby flaming angels
sitting around out there on damp clouds
and arcing and trumpeting all 24 hours a bloody day,
and you can bank on that.
Uh, what did you say, Bob?
I said, good Lord.
I pay another man to do my taxes
on account of that's another deduction I can take.
The postman brought my W-2 this morning.
And this year they're gonna take about one-third of all I make.
I'm just as patriotic as the next guy.
And you know, I love that red, white, and blue.
And I'm gonna help pay this rising cost of freedom.
But there's no way I'm gonna change my point of view.
Cause every time the bureaucrats run out of money
Congress sucks into the working man.
I don't think it's one bit funny
When it takes so much of my money
To do things with it, I don't understand
I don't understand
I don't know why they think they have to squeeze us
But I'll tell you just exactly where I stand
I believe if 10% is good enough for Jesus
It ought to be enough for Uncle Sam
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo




guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Now them folks we keep sending off to Congress
All they know to do is spend and spend
And it's hard these days to run a family
Much less a country
With more money going out than coming in
And the debt, well it just keeps on getting bigger
And we all gonna have to pay
So don't you laugh
guitar solo
guitar solo
One day you're gonna look down at your paycheck
And figure out
They done started taking half
Cause every time the bureaucrats run out of money
Congress sucks into the working man
I don't think it's one bit funny
When it takes so much of my money
To do things with it, I don't understand
I don't understand
I don't know why they think they have to squeeze us
But I'll tell you just exactly where I stand
I believe if 10% is good enough for Jesus
It ought to be enough for Uncle Sam
I believe if 10% is good enough for Jesus
It ought to be enough for Uncle Sam
What a wonderful, glad homecoming
Gonna take place on the golden shore
And when I lay my burdens down
Dear friends
When I lay my burdens down
This is your old prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang
Trying to do a show and a website at the same time
Honest, honest
But let's draw
Let's leave the
The old time gospel stuff behind there for just a sec
By the way, Jesus caught that song
You can imagine
You know, the Lord Jesus Christ works for the Subgenius Foundation
Now he's back again
I think we've mentioned that in previous shows
We'll be hearing from him later on in the show
About why he hates Christmas
And I don't hate Christmas, friends, myself
I enjoy Christmas
I like the presents
I worship Santa
Santa Claus
And, you know, I mean, gosh
It's our friend Jesus' birthday and everything
But he ain't real happy about it
Now let me see what kind of background music I can put on here while I yak
Pleasure with the Dirt Devil
Let's see how that
That's promising enough
Yeah
Uh-huh
The Hour of Slack, friends
Is now officially in broadcast
Yes, we're sounding like real FM DJs now, aren't we?
With a solid, heavy backbeat and, uh
Uh, and, and
Get this, dear friends
I can't get control over this background
Well, that song's got words in it
Well, that's good, but we need some, uh
Oh, yeah, I think this one just kinda goes
B-b-b-b-b-bob in the background
Uh, friends, this is Hour of Slack number 559
And you know what?
As of this day that I'm recording on
There are 559 days left until X-Day
On July 5th, 1998
Yes, 559 days away
Doesn't sound like much, does it?
And it'll be a lot less by the time you hear this tape
Yeah, Happy New Year
I hope it's a happy one
Because it's gonna be the last
It's gonna be your last full new year
And we, I know we've covered, uh
Christmas and New Year's last show
Uh, and so forth
But, you know, and you're not gonna be hearing this tape
Until after such times
But we've got some, some more good Christmas stuff
Of course, it comes in late
Because we're dealing with subgeniuses
And, you know, the nature of time control
Bob's patented time control
Is such that, you know, we just don't care
So what if it's late for Christmas?
Well, as Jane or Harper Cleaves once said
We vomit on Christmas, dear friends
And, uh, and almost everybody vomits on New Year's, I suppose
Uh, what else did I
Oh, yeah, it's been, uh
Okay, I'm gonna go to bed now

Okay, we've got 559 days left
Until all the normal people in the world are killed
And enslaved, or else enslaved
And, uh, we, the subgeniuses
The chosen of Bob
Will be lifted up in power and glory
To a greater world
A world without the binks
And, if we want, without our fellow subgeniuses
Because they do get on your nerves
And, you know, even the best of them
Uh, yes
And that's why I prefer it better
In the virtual world, dear friends
I'm a friendly kind of person
I have many, many friends
And I've gotten better and better
At keeping every single one of them at arm's length
Because, you know, humans are unpredictable enough
And subgeniuses are a million, godzillion times worse
Uh, whereas if I communicate with them through
Uh, even more, at more of a distance than the telephone
Through the internet
Ah, it's a, it's a, it's a
Two-way monologues, you know
It's, it's not exactly a dialogue
It's, it's the tricky
Human interaction part of it
It's, it's bypassed
And a clean digital on or off
No maybes
A true clarity is achieved
And, in fact, believe it or not
This is true
When I'm not on mic on this show
I'm gonna be across the room


Uploading the most incredible artwork you can imagine
The, the Church of the Subgeniuses Electronic Art
World is in a renaissance such that I cannot even believe it
And I, I wish that we were on television
Or heck, if you have web TV
Hey, hey, hey, why even Joe Lunchpail and his grandma
Can look at, uh, at this stuff, uh, projected up to six feet across
Depending if your television screen's that big
Uh, uh, it, there's
There are, are always a hundred artists doing something great for Bob
A couple of times a year when they get a wild hair
But every now and then when the moon is right
And the planets are in anti-alignment
The amateur becoming professional subgenius computer artists go berserk
And, uh, I spend half an hour a day letting the stuff pour through the lines
Into the big bucket inside my computer
And then I, I try to put it out on the World Wide Web
Where it's etched in stone and sort of permanent
And, and it's, I wish we could print it all
On paper we, we are, we're, we've got a, a Starc Fist being mailed out right now
A new one, 16 pager with a lot of great black and white comic book art
And some crappy black and white reproductions of some of this computer art
But man, I'll tell ya
It's better inside
Inside that world
It's cleaner on the other side of that screen
The, the side of the screen that faces me, dear friends
Is as brown as my lungs are
It's covered with this sort of frop resin and tobacco stains
And it's just, it's like everything else on this physical mass plane
It's sweaty, it's stinky, it's got boogers
It's not godly
It is not pristine and precise
Like it is deep inside the box
If only I could just plug myself completely into there
There, you know, there is where we will find Bob
For as not the virtual Bob
As, as, as true to the bank of heaven
As the earthly Bob
We will have the 3D
Artificial intelligence
Dobbs
Oracle, dear friends
We shall have it before X-Day
If I have to make it to X-Day
I will have to do it myself
In between playing Hour of Slack clips
And uploading Hours of Slack
To the internet
Which actually I don't do
The good Reverend Wanderer there in New Jersey
Listening to us now through WFMU
Which by the way, WFMU will soon be
Have a little home on the internet
Which we are hosting, yes
We will drop, put some WFMU samples in
With our audio spew
So that people all over the world
Can hear, uh, more crazy, crazy stuff
Well I'm gonna go back to my real job
That doesn't pay
Creating three dimensional saucers
That actually fly through interior space zones
Of your mind's eye
And you can just sit here and listen to mere audio tapes
And it's because it's all so real
Real seeming to your senses
That your senses can't tell the difference
When you live in a computer generated world
That you've created on your own
Are you not the god of that world?
These are the implications of virtual reality
And they've gotta make us wonder
How this could possibly fulfill the prophecy
Of the image of the beast
You can see how important it is to have this video
And if you round that gift off to a hundred dollars
I'll throw in my brand new book
In the name of Satan
Get both videos and both books
And get them right now
My 26 year old son, um, Philip
I do believe is, is severely demonized
He doesn't exactly dabble in the occult
He sort of swims in it
Yeah, swims in it
Yeah, he, uh, he likes, he listens to a lot of rock group
A lot of heavy, heavy metal
Yeah
Marilyn Manson, Skinny Puppies
Oh, no, Mar, Skinny Puppies and Marilyn Manson?
All the rest of it
Ugh
So do my other teenagers
Oh no
And, uh
What are you doing about it?
I, I pray for them
I go in his house and I pray in his house when he's not there
He's a 26 year old Marilyn Manson fan?
Yes
He needs to grow up
I agree
He needs to grow up
I mean, Marilyn Manson is, is basically your post-pubescent rip off of the, the latest
uh, Kiss Alice Cooper genre except that he's got an actual image of Lucifer tattooed on his left arm
Yeah, you can paint in the, uh, in the church
Oh yes, I know that, absolutely
The guy is just as evil as can be and, and is, and is, and is
He's capitalizing on being sexually abused by his grandfather supposedly at an early age
Yeah, yeah
Cool
He's about as hateful an anti-God as anybody could be and anybody who'd want to listen to that kind of junk has really got to have a screw loose somewhere spiritually
My prayers are with you, you can get this straightened out, Janet
Well, they're suppo-
Yep, you can get that straightened out, Janet
By writing to the church of the, what was that noise?
Did, did you hear that? It was like a
I, I believe this equipment is demon possessed
Demon possessed
Demon come out, demon come out
Of the Ren and Stimpy Show
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack on KNON
No, no
Keep listening you idiot
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Else I shall deal you
Boy, those were the days, back when we actually had a radio station, I didn't have to sit here in my, in my pathetic little hovel of a office building here
Well, actually we do own the whole building, but, uh, I don't know, we spend all the money on equipment instead of a janitorial staff, I guess that's part of the problem
This old church is a, it's a, it's a damn mess, it's what it is
Now here's an odd, I just don't know what exactly to think of this, dear friends
This came from the same people that sent us the Women of Sodom
One of the sickest, sickest, sickest CDs ever
Wonderful thing, and then, and then, it is Tri-Age, I believe is the name of the company
Um, uh, talk about demon worshippers, check this out
Whoops, here's an odd one
What child is this old lady
Watch out as you're still laid to rest
questions
On Mary's lap is sleeping, whom angels greet with anthems sweet while shepherds watch are keeping. This, this is Christ the King, whom shepherds guard and angels sing.
Haste, haste to bring him love, O babe, you son of Mary. I say, oh, sweet child of mine. I say, oh, sweet Lord of mine.
So bring him incense, gold, and myrrh. Come, peasant king, to own him.
The king of kings, the king of kings.
The king of kings, salvation brings. Let loving hearts enthrone him.
Raise, raise the song on high. The virgin sings her lullaby.
Joy, joy, for Christ is born, the babe, the son of Mary.
I say, oh, sweet child of mine.
I say, oh, sweet child of mine.
I say, oh, sweet child of mine.
I say, oh, sweet child of mine.
I say, oh, sweet child of mine.
I say, oh, sweet child of mine.
And that child would bring unto the world a simple timeless message a peace and love.
Iürnegein, Peter, a paradise which lures man through love.





You know, it's a message that can still guide us today
when we feel lost and lonely,
when we see our world spinning out of control,
when we just want to throw up our hands and say,
Where do we go? Where do we go?
Where do we go now?
Where do we go? Where do we go?
Where do we go now?
I need a high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high, high.
What we try to live is a lie.
Hey, the wonderful world of Joey.
That's Bulldada, dear friends.
That is Bulldada.
And actually looking at this little CD sleeve,
I'm starting to see through the secret hints here.
Now that I look closely, yes, this is an album called Wonderful World.
The artist is Wonderful World of Joey.
The title of the album is What Sweet Child of Mine Is This?
And this little sticker here from the triage company says,
Ultra cheesy, excuse me,
Ultra cheesy lounge crazy Christmas music.
Track one is a combination of green sleeves, What Child is This?
and Guns N' Roses, Sweet Child of Mine.
Track two is Joey's own version of the Mancini-Mercer classic,
Days of Wine and Roses.
And I noticed here that the triage's email address is triage at wfmu.org.
See? Now the conspiracy comes around.
It's a conspiracy within the convolutions beneath the roof.
The wrinkles of the uber conspiracy, the overall conspiracy,
the conspiracy of the essence, the attitude of normalcy, normality, what have you.
What have you.
I have no idea.
Anyway, yeah, it's the death of Christmas.
Christmas is over.
Hey, what's that?
What's that?
There, that's better.
Here's Jesus, friends.
This is Jesus.
Hello.
This is the Lord Jesus Christ, business manager of the church, of the subgenius, and the son of God.
By the time you hear this, it'll be close to the holiday known as Christmas.
I know a lot of you may be using this time to perpetrate the fraud of my birth.
So I thought I'd take a few moments and give you the top five reasons why I hate Christmas.
Number five.
I never got any presents.
Now, any of you who've been born in this wretched month of giving know exactly what I'm talking about.
Oh yeah, sure, they'll set one of your Christmas presents aside and tell you that it's your birthday present, but you know better.
And don't think I didn't get teased.
My cousin John the Baptist, he would always pick on me saying,
oh, you may be the son of God, but I get two presents each year.
Bastard.
Number four.
I was born in a cave.
Actually, the entire plastic cartoon manger scene really bugs me.
You know the ones with their, they got the 40 watt bulbs stuck up the butts of the, the plasts so they glow at night?
Well, it really pisses me off.
First of all, I wasn't born in a manger, I was born in a cave.
I was wrapped in a donkey's blanket and not in, not in swaddling clothing and it was cold.
It was real cold.
You ever been in a cave?
In Bethlehem in the middle of winter?
Number three.
The wise men.
Yeah, if they were so damn wise, why didn't they bring the gold a couple of days earlier so we could have been in a Motel 6 instead of a freaking cave?
And let me tell you how happy I was to get frankincense and myrrh and some gold.
Oh yeah, that's exactly what every baby's asking for for this Christmas.
You know, a portable space heater may have been a bit more wise, don't you think?
And let me what, let me tell you what happened to those, uh, wise and thoughtful.
Well, we burnt the incense to get rid of the smell of animal dung and my dad went down to the Golden Cab bar and grilled and drunk meat until he passed out.
And I don't blame him.
You try explaining to a bunch of Levites how your girlfriend was knocked up by the Lord.
Which leads me to number two.
The Virgin Mary.
Now, this is another complete misconception.
I still cringe when I hear that word, the Virgin Mary.
They called poor mom the Virgin Mary all her life.
Even after she had my three brothers and my sister.
Oh, look girls, there goes the Virgin Mary.
Imagine the humiliation.
Ah, man. Number one.
The number one reason why I, Jesus Christ, hate Christmas.
Santa Claus.
Now, don't get me wrong, I don't actually hate Santa.
It's just that he gets all the attention.
I mean, whose day is it supposed to be anyway?
You know, nobody wants to sit on Jesus' lap at Christmas.
You know, a lot of people think it makes me angry that there are other people claiming to be me.
And this isn't true at all.
First, it fulfills prophecy.
Second, it gives me some breathing room.
And third, it's great PR.
Santa has all these people dressed up like clowns at every mall in the country.
You know, why not me? There should be Jesus' helpers.
But, you know, I don't think it's going to happen anytime soon.
And I say, just because Santa Claus is a clown, doesn't mean he's a good person.
It's just that people like Santa Claus, so don't leave me out of it.
I'm all for Christmas.
I'm a capitalist.
And I like getting stuff as much as everybody else.
But let's just say we worship me the rest of the year.
And on December 25th, give me a rest.
Peace, love, and slack, this is the Lord Jesus Christ.
Merry Xmas.
Yeah, wake up to reality, it's just as I feared.
Watched you by dismay, things run out and say you're here
Noises all around and I can hear all the cries
I get up out of bed so I can face all the lies
As I look around I see that nothing seems right
I'm looking forward to the time that I say goodnight
Lay me down in Greenland
Greenland is my land
Is your land
You like it
Greenland is your land
It's your land
You'll see
Yes, dear friends, and what you're listening to here is
The Flying Ryan Brothers, this reverend kid
You mean Ryan
And his brothers
Put out this, this, this CD, yes
And for information upon the Flying Ryan Brothers
You can write to
7144 North Harlem
7144 North Harlem
Suite 318
Chicago, Illinois
60631
And hey
Close your eyes and travel to the other side
Heavy, man
Heavy, heavy, heavy stuff
Guaranteed to take you on the ultimate ride
Yeah, yeah
Now's the time, turn off the light
And pull down the shade
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
For yesterday
Now, yeah
Good old thing

















Way
Yeah
Congratulations on your decision to become a nonsmoker
Oh, that's what I mean

You're definitely one of the most important decisions you'll ever make
And one of the best
Yeah
Right
Way to go
The Nicoderm CQ Patch User's Guide,
Carton Labeling,
and this audio tape are designed to help make it as easy as possible to break bad.
Keep in mind that this program won't work.
What's to lose?
A little time?
Hurt your ego a little bit, baby?
You probably got time you're wasting on Mickey Mouse stuff now,
so that's no big deal.
So why not?
So why not?
Why not make a new beginning in your life and see what'll happen?
I don't know.
No, you don't know.
And you will never know.
You have signed the application.
You do have the kit.
None of those things are important.
Very Merry Christmas!
Huh? Who goes there?
Santa Claus!
Ah, there ain't no Santa Claus.
Oh, yes, there is, and we got a present for you.
You have? Where?
Okay, all you little squirty honey teenage girls,
you're listening to The Hour of Flack
with Reverend...
Reverend Ivan Stang.
I don't care if you like it or not,
your name is Honey.
There is a point in your life when you've got to just stop talking about it.
And you've got to stop worrying about what your friends and neighbors and relatives
and uncles and aunts and sisters and brothers and everybody else is gonna say about it.
Because nobody else is gonna pay your bills for you.
Why not?
You don't know.
And you will never know.
And who knows? Just maybe.
Just maybe.



You could have one of the biggest.
I don't know, but even more important, you don't know.
You will never know.
You will never know.
Just maybe, you're in for a new and exciting experience.
You have signed the application.


protection well have you got your pipe through the mail or you know right in and get your pipe
i'm still waiting for the cast the cast well the cast is all here unfortunately they'll be outside
your house this morning actually we're expecting vick morrow too yeah he's gonna be starring in
all the body parts oh we dropped i know you guys are very informative tonight but i wonder what
planet are we on oh me too we aren't planning this this is uh oh it's all planned bob look
go ahead and see look look look i'm on page 16 it says lady calls talks about chili i mean all
this stuff is you can't fool these people yeah yeah i'm tired of this script let's go to this
it's not easy to stop smoking but you've taken the most difficult step by making the decision to quit
and yet you're increasingly wondering if
the
only thing that just might actually save you is that magical something from above
reaching down into your individual little pit and pulling you out sure and life really is some
artfully directed conspiracy against you and you know that someone knows what's really going on
someone's got the keys to the ultimate truths of the universe and that's why you're going from
one school of hocus pocus to the next yeah somebody's just got to know and it's probably
the government and they're keeping it from you sure they've been
in touch with the aliens and ufos and all psychic phenomenon for years and they won't share it with
because they know that you'll leave your slot and head off to some new planet or worse demand that
your dreams of happiness actually happen and now but right now we don't want to talk about folk
music we want to talk about you more specifically we want to talk about your guilt and your absolution
well we here in the church of the subgenius have invented a little ritual we like to call the
subgenius spanking ritual in the real world you are forced to feel guilt for doing things that
ordinarily will give you slack and then they have institutions like christianity to punish you for
feeling your guilt you come to them for penance they punish you by making you say prayers and
you know doing good works and stuff like that whatever
but instead in the church of the subgenius we don't believe you should feel guilt for getting
slack so instead we just allow you to absolve that guilt by getting a kind of punishment that
will give you slack the subgenius spanking ritual i want you right now listeners to think of that
which gives you slack and that which makes you feel inadvertent guilt and instead of going to
church on sunday to
confess your sins i want you right now to place your bare buttocks up against the radio place them
right in there up against the radio get ready for the subgenius spanking ritual are you feeling the
guilt demons leaving your body i feel so guilty i feel so guilty i'm seeing i'm seeing i am seeing
feel those guilt demons fleeing
fleeing flowing out of your body
you're a backside and into the radio and into the air and dispersing throughout the cosmos to give other people slack
all right i bought a brand new car so i can drive around and look cool and pick up women
well there's nothing wrong with picking up women but you shouldn't be giving a conspiracy your hard
earned money you should be buying you know frank zappa tapes and stuff like that i need absolution
well absolve me
put it up against the radio boy
oh oh oh
doesn't it feel good oh i need more i still feel guilty i feel more guilt i'm a fully guilt i'm a guilt and sinner i sin i sin i i work for the conspiracy
don't
who are these people who kill and kill and kill again
oh
oh
oh

stop
we'll someday find them
there's no way out
this feels like the best God combined
only sex preoccupies us more than money
these days.
She's dead.
Wrapped in plastic.
A shocking tale of murder,
mutilation, and cannibalism.
Wrapped in plastic.
I felt it was one hell of a tweak.
One hell of a tweak.
One hell of a tweak.
So who are these serial killers?
They are more like us
than we like them.
I'd like to admit
that I had these obsessive
desires and
thoughts wanting to
control them.
I just enjoy killing them.
I'm scared to death
of failing
in male-female relationships.
What makes their sick minds tick?
Believe me, they're the most
despicable human beings on our planet.
I don't believe anybody should forgive them.
Certainly not, you condone it.
But we must study them.
It was overwhelming.
He was a killing machine out of control.
I'm gonna kill you as many as I can.
I'm gonna pile you up to the sky.
These are flip-floppy ties.
The serial killer is packaged
and sold in magazines, books,
even training cards.
How do you like them apples, dummy?
Yeah!
I got too many girls after a hitchhike
and it didn't be under.
He tries to kill 300 people.
It excites him.
Some people go crazy.
I felt it.
It was one hell of a tweak.
I mean, to just flip out
and not be where I was.
A surge of energy.
It was one hell of a tweak.
It was just like something
they've snapped.
A severe childhood
disturbances associated
with violence.
It was one hell of a tweak.
Oh, boy.
One hell of a tweak.
What's noise to some people
is one hell of a tweak
to old Reverend Stag.
And his messed up right channel.
But, yes, that was
Bill T. Miller, friend.
Out of band experience.
OBE.
You can get information
on that CD
from 161...
This is a phone number.
1617.
OBE.
1617.
No, it's 1617 Lick OBE.
1617 Lick OBE, L-I-C-K OBE.
Also box 221.
Boston...
Ma...
Box 221, Boston, Massachusetts.
02123.
02123.
And...
Willpower.
Willpower.
We'll talk more about them later on.
Yes, the will...
Let me start by giving you
some serious and important information.
No kidding.
Nicoderm CQ is a cure for...
carefully designed, easy-to-use patch containing nicotine,
which it releases into your body through your skin at a controlled rate.
Even though it seems to be a simple product, it's serious medicine.
And like any medicine...
Go to survival techniques and learn how to kill.
Of course, you don't want to kill a sub-genius believer, but...
God's judgment is going to come and fall again
upon a godless, Christ-rejecting, blasphemous society.
Well, if this sounds paranoid, you're right.
But I think I have good reason to be paranoid.
It's a strange world out there.
Kind of, this is what life is like at a bottom-line level.
You know, and I'm not going to make you cut through a lot of other stuff to get through it.
Here's what it is.
There's no gimmick about that. It's straightforward.
It's strong, and it's elemental.
Yeah, heavy stuff.
Oh, witchcraft.
Voodoo.
Devil worship.
Sure.
The only real hope you have is that the UFOs come and take you away,
wipe out your debts, free you from the job, and whisk you off to a new life.
A life full of changes, happy changes, every day.
And you want it now.
Who cares about a heaven you have to die to get to?
Better go and live with the aliens and let them take care of you.
Hey, I'm over here.
Yeah, what about the savior in his Armageddon?
Well, aren't you just a little too smart to believe in such a convenient, tidy way
to clean up the problem of far too many warm bodies?
Besides, the halves have already bought up the 144,000 available slots.
And where does that leave you?
You.
You.
Why, if the aliens don't save you,
you'll be left with melting polar ice, the greenhouse effect, and the oceans rise,
earthquakes popping off, floods and droughts side by side,
unstoppable viruses and urban warfare on the grandest scale.
And everywhere you'll look, once great systems will break down and come after you.
Boy, that sounds familiar.
You'll sweat it out alone, with few, if any, friends.
Friends by your side.
No, I'll tell you, let's not sweat it out alone.
Let's share.
That was from Thought Alchemy.
Here's the address for Thought Alchemy again.
This tab has been slowly but surely working my way down this bizarre tape, Thought Alchemy,
with Von Graffen.
And here's where you can write Von Graffen for a copy of his horrible tape.
I mean, I believe that it...
Somehow, there...
He raps.
He raps it all up, but we haven't gotten to that point yet.
Von Graffen, Box 2136, Chico, California.
That's Box 2136, Chico, California, 95927.
And that's Thought Alchemy for 21st Century Man,
with Von Graffen.
Von Graffen.
Let's see what else is on this old MediaBros tape here.
A wild, gnawing, animal hunger will grow in you.
His number is six hundred, three score, and six.
Jehovah-1 is a space deity from the corporate sin galaxy,
which exists somewhere in the distant corners of the universe as we know it.
Oath is his test tube.
Oath.
Oath.















Oath.

























Materialization of an experiment that Jehovah-1 started roughly seven million years ago
as the result of a bar bet.
You have signed the application.
Welcome aboard.
So what is the real deal in this world?
Once upon a time.
A long time ago.
A beautiful bright sky.

A star as fine as any goddess.
She had long held the dominant position in the sky and had been admired by all for her beauty.
But lately she's felt not well.
Indeed, it seemed as though her life was ebbing away.
Failing and failing, she clung to any companion star she could find, only to discover that
they had changed.

On the way, Grecian prevalent büym hemos registrado está acero afelado
who listened in silence.
I absolutely feel the definite grip.
And when weakening, once upon a time, a long time ago.






MAN IN TRANSINEO AND ALL OF THEIS να SAIDEE VERD dalla UHH.
zukEL UHHé.

언니 é trope deve daether uh, zò needed é preciso.


¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
You know, a lot of people go,
how do you do this hour of slack thing, man?
And it's computers is basically what it is.
Not only is the show written pretty much by computer,
of course, you know, there's some human interface there,
but it's also actually, believe it or not,
recorded and acted by computer simulation
of human voices, dear friends.
And we use this Beast 9000 computer here.
Excuse me, Will.
You can see with the, this booger has a 40,000K RAM
and a 50,000K U.
And essentially, we just type in the script
and fine-tune the machine.
Until we get the desired lifelike effect of human speech.
And we can program in the voices of any subgenius ranter.
We've got about 25 people in the files with a,
well, we've been doing this for so long
that we've built up quite a library
of human-like vocal utterances.
And I will show you all, oh shoot,
we're gonna have to tune this guy out here.
Hold on just a second.
And I'll show you how we do a sample hour of slack.
So, without having to fly in people
from all over the country.
Let's see, we got the,
first we type in the message here on the computer.
Like so, just for an example here.
And then, we have to, hold on, I'm gonna hurt your ears
as I move you to the back of the computer
where you can hear the pre-processed sound.
This is what it sounds like before we actually add
the human vocalizations.
No, not the human vocalizations.
This is the sole database and we are converting it
onto online data, convert to sub-entry mode.
Then the database is transferred to the district memory
by a tender older plus computer.
And retrieve the line array
as we apply this older plus hardware.
These computers are the ones that can actually think.
Though some experts still prefer to use the word mimic
to human brain.
There, there we go.
See?
See?
See?
That part is easy.
That's the easy part.
What we do next then is select this little portion here and call that one Doug.
That will be the puzzling evidence voice.
And this section here will be the howl voice.
And now see, we have these voices, digital samplings of these people's voices in a huge database of syllables.
The tricky part is to, let's see, we add here the human emphasis simulator with a pleasant and informative vocal tone.
And that will take care of them.
See?
Now we add sound effects with fractalization and set the extemporaneous spinoff mode on at 75% speed.
Use the...
Use the general knowledge access file for...
Now this, that is where we get the metaphorical bounce back, we call it.
So the voices appear to actually be interacting with the sound effects before they say it.
And so let's...
Here, turn it on, listen to this.
You heard what it sounded like at first, now here's the final version.
This is the show database and we're converting it onto online data.
Convote to sub-entry mode.
Then the database is transferred to the district memory
by a general purpose computer.
And retrieved along a radar sweep line by special purpose hardware.
These computers are the ones that can actually think, though some experts still prefer to use the word mimic, the human brain.
I want a football and a tool chest in the summer.
That means this bird is in your brain.
Or, contrary-wise, that large brain is now inside a bird.
Some birds are little more than nature's own.
Nature's flying brains.
Boing me.
Boingin' away.
Virtually nothing else exists in these organisms except a large brain and a pair of wings to steer it about through its environment.
How fun.
Natural selection has reduced this creature to its present-day grotesque appearance.
But a perfect example of adaptability and evolutionary speciation
in the marvelous Darwinian tapestry
we call Life Possible.
Sure, you can buy the Stigmata.
You know what you can do with that Stigmata?
Do you know what you can do with a big enough hole in the palm of your hand?
Well, I'm not allowed to talk about it on radio, friends, but if you'll step into the hall of answers, you'll find out.
What would I like to know?
Oh, you're looking for the hall of questions.
Oh, I forgot I asked you a question.
We don't know what's in the hall of questions.
It is a question.
That's what we don't know.
But what we do know is in the hall of science.
Doug, there's collars floating up to the side of the show all around.
Now, push them away there with the boat hook.
Yeah, push the boat hook.
There's a collar on your side of the boat.
Push them away.
Get rid of that legal contract, the broke friend.
Hold on a minute, Doug.
We've got it right here.
How many times have we had to listen to that speech?
Well, we've got it. We've got it. It's here.
All right.
Right here. Look, here's the church.
Two rooms full of stupid church.
Right.
Well, we've got the revival. We can give it away there as a door prize.
Oh, little church.
This is the little two-room floating church on the ocean.
Tiny and little, dancing along to some cool music.
Bio-gradable.
I'm gonna call it a church tonight.
You haven't even heard of Flimby yet, have you?
They all could be California ghouls.
I wish they all could be California ghouls.
Look, we scared away the collars.
No, he's still there. There's still a collar.
No, all the other collars.
He's just trying to sing.
He's drowning off the side of the show there.
Just push him off the side of the show into the deep water.
Is this an outboard show or inboard?
Outboard show.
Well, let's let Dennis float away and Marina Del Rey,
and we'll talk about what we're gonna do with this church.
And when Dr. Duell leaves, how much of the church he's gonna take back with him for security.
And this is very important because Green Hill is one of the most secure areas for church business.
Although it can rot the church almost quicker than anywhere on earth.
That's true. You have to constantly keep cleaning it.
Yeah, you have to pack silica gel around your church down there
and just melt it into a big soggy religious mess right in front of you on the beach.
It's difficult.
All over this air.
Boy, a few more of those and we get off the air, huh?
And that's where you send your answers to this quiz.
And the pinks shall be separated from their checkbooks that, yea, verily, they have fallen upon them
and mated on them on the greens of the country.
And given forth hideous monsters.
Government lies.
Bob told me my key down here would be easier on you, but...
Oh, Bob. Oh, Bob. Oh, Bob.
Hey, Dobbs. I didn't... Mr. Dobbs, sir.
Hey, Mr. Dobbs.
I didn't ask for this here... this here chain-gang work in Malaysia, Mr. Dobbs.
How long do I have to suffer?
Oh, Mr. Dobbs, I didn't want to be here.
Well, you're not then.
And here we are with a little caller.
Hello, caller.
Hello, caller.
Hello.
How are ya?
I am surviving.
Well, that's good to hear, caller.
It's a beautiful day in my neighborhood.
You're right, it is.
Hello, caller.

Do you think they'd want to listen to you at this hour?
Oh!
Against their very destiny.
Hot and steamy early morning hour.
A hundred and twenty minutes...
This puzzling evidence is in your brain now, going up the little canals, up to what used to be filled with blood are now filled with fat doids.
Monoclonal...
Continues to grow, to grow.
Show extender filling each of your veins, your arteries, your mind, your idea areas.
And of course, floppy adopter...
Filling the cassettes stuffed way back in the...
We're looking at...
Dusty corridors of the cortex.
A thousand copyrights, all mine, of course, except for the small places that are other people's.
Oh, and the copyrights on Cheek, Orge, Gordon, and, uh, uh, Reverend on the Stang.
Puzzling evidence in, uh, Glassman...
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight...
Uh, Flying Ryan Brothers, uh, thought out for me, uh, ten...
A hundred, four, five hundred and fifty-nine shows, five hundred and fifty-nine days left to go.
Very strange, as you can see.
Uh, uh, Ed Strange, copyright Ed Strange, uh, uh, Nicky Death Chick, that was Nicky Death Chick doing the, uh, spanking ceremony there on Ed Strange's show.
Uh, out-band experience, uh...
These strict interpretations run by Catholic nuns practiced very strict...
