Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
Dr. Howell, just so you know, we're live and recording. We haven't officially started yet, but we can.
We probably need to get them bitches up here.
From PR News in Washington, I'm...
President Obama has ordered 500 staples, underscoring the shift the way Americans are shopping.
Today the world can see that the United States is united.
For now, the president's executive order authorizes ass freezes.
Or PR News, Washington.
Now we hear doctors now have new reason to hope that three and a half infected baby girls
might be born with the HIV virus in a study that begins later this year.
The GOP-led U.S. House...
Where Democrats...
Are in the majority.
On Wall Street, 77164537.
A new study in the journal Pediatrics links smoking to PR News.
Because there's no evidence that cigarette use actually leads to PR News.
From Washington...
I'm not happy, I'm not happy, nobody's happy, okay?
Happiness comes in small doses, folks.
It's a cigarette or a chocolate chip cookie or a five second orgasm, that's it, okay?
You come, you eat the cookie, you smoke the butt, you go to sleep, you get up in the morning,
you go to fucking work, okay?
That is the end of fucking list.
When I fucking jack off long enough, I end up jizzing, dude.
I'm assuming the same shit works for you.
Real fucking smart answer, why don't you fucking aim, huh?
I have a particularly explosive ejaculate, it just goes everywhere.
It's like a fucking wild fireman's hose.
You just gotta grab on and pray to God it doesn't get in your eyes or your mouth.
What the fuck kind of jerking off is that?
What, you never had any brothers?
You didn't learn to jizz in a fucking sock or on a fucking tissue?
No, I don't have any brothers.
I was raised in a house of women.
I highly doubt they fucking taught you to fucking close your eyes and fucking come wherever
you want.
I mean, you're getting all worked up over a fucking porno mag.
Who has goddamn porno mags anymore?
Welcome to the 21st century, Buck Rogers.
You designed a house with fucking iPads in the walls.
You're jerking your dick like a goddamn pilgrim.
That's right, man.
I like to fucking read.
You think that's the only thing I jerked off in here?
I've been dropping loads around this fucking house like a goddamn dump truck.
You don't cover my stuff.
I'll go wherever the fuck I want, James.
I'll fucking come and get you.
I'll come on your fucking kitchen.
I'll come on your fucking art.
I'll come anywhere I want.
I will fucking come right on you.
I will come like a fucking madman all over you, McBride.
Ooh, I fucking wish you'd come on me right now.
I fucking dare you to come on me.
I'm gonna jerk my dick so fucking hard in here.
I love that phrase.
Mommy, mommy, daddy put white pee in my front butt.
That's found that scrawled in the edge of a punk zine that Onan found a long time ago.
Princess Weaver.











She doesn't think that's funny.
Yes, there are some-
But it is the way we do it.
Yeah.
You know, when people see us raping or whatever, they laugh and laugh and laugh.
Oh.
Because it's so inept.
I'm not an idiot.
I know why you guys don't fucking call me or hang out with me anymore.
It's because I party so fucking hard.
I always have, ever since I was a baby.
I wouldn't just suck on my mama's titties.
I would fucking bang them and motorboat them.
Everything I've been doing, I've been doing it.

It's just been a cry for help.
When I came on your magazine, James, it was a come for help.
Just been crying and coming and crying and coming.
Tears from the tip of my penis, dudes.
Again, I'm going to break my usual rule and read a rant.
In this case, it's a great rant.
And the guy who wrote it, Good Reverend Roger is his name.
Good Reverend Roger.
Who I think is stuck in Phoenix where it's 125 degrees or something.
He was going to be at X Day and he couldn't come.
And I don't know whether he can rant worth a hooey.
So I'm just going to deliver his rant because it really says, it's a great subgenius rant.
The title of it appears to be,
We are freaks.
We are genetic stuntmen.
We are the weaponized ape.
We are so far ahead of everyone else that we are constantly accused of cheating.
We are the fifth horsey of the apocalypse.
We sing in the shower.
We dance in the shower.
And we laugh at the emergency room personnel here.
We are the ones who bitch about the results.
Bleeding head good, healed head bad.
We know we'll pay to know what we really think.
So we put our brains on layaway.
Because it turns out that the payment isn't in green, outside of the church anyway.
It's in slacking and flapping our way to a bright new tomorrow.
With fresh fears scrawled on horrors scrolls.
We are the last yeti.
We know rock and roll and what James Brown was trying to scream out the windows while the cops chased him across four states.
We are superior mutants.
And we don't need your stupid causes and political theory because we know the truth.
And the truth is, the future ain't done with you yet.
On that note, the future is bad for you.
That's why we all went back to 1979 and only kept the truth.

And that's the good shit.
Time is loose, brothers and sisters.
And sometimes it gets downright gooey.
But would you really want it to behave itself?
No, of course not.
Because if it did, that means you'd be only getting Taylor Swift right now.
And no rehab to make things better.
Singing about being down in the dark where the sickness lives.
Do you have the sickness, friends?
Do you know what it's like to rant until your spleen explodes?
In front of perfectly harmless bystanders at the gay bar?
Can you, as a great subgenius once said, get down with my sickness?
I hope so.
This new style America sort of demands it.
And it will crush you like a bug if you aren't prepared mentally and physically.
There's no way to go farther back than 1979.
For reasons that are too technical to explain.
But would you really want to?
1979 was the absolute height of American fabulousness.
And that's really all anybody wants.
Even the hardcore Christian right just wants to ensure an eternity of fabulousness for themselves.
Although they'll kill you if you try to make them admit it.
Can you, my people, shit your pants in the street?
In the face of authority?
Can you slap the snot out of what's expected of you?
Can you drive that militarized Studebaker down the lost highway?
Blasting the boogie pimps on 8 track and getting all of the puke out the window?
Shit yeah!
This century was made for us!
And it is ours to play with!
To light on fire or kick down the stairs!
Provided only that we remain safely in 1979.
Can I get a witness?
Say, I'm just trying to explain.
To offer my excuse.
They bought us and sold us and lied to us and stuffed us full of filters and slammed us into these uniforms.
I don't want a uniform, wrote Roger.
I want to be Roger.
And I don't really want anyone else to feel like they have to.
I just want more fropping and less punishment.
Life was supposed to be fun.
It's about 80 years of screeching hysterical laughter and getting your monkey on in ways that concern nobody else.
But they made it about terrorism and prison and not getting caught, you criminal bastard.
They killed Johnny Cash!
And they killed Elvis!
And they shut down Motown and gave us war and war porn instead.
And life in prison if you say shit about it.
But that is not for you and I.
We know.
We understand.
There is no they.
There's only us.
312 million profoundly retarded primates in this nation alone.
All terrified of stuff that doesn't exist.
Yeah, you heard me.
None of the things you've been trained to be afraid of are real.
They are social fictions generated to punish people because that's the easiest mindset for homicidal apes to adopt.
But we are not apes.
We are yeti.
And we scoff at their speed limits and their moral rectitude.
And their quote, approved social activities, unquote.
That's why we've got shit like Tucson and Portland and Providence and Wisteria.
And that's why we will always escape until such time as they kill us.
E-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I.
Praise the good Reverend Roger.
I told you that was a pretty good one.
That was part of my sermon from Starwood Festival last year.
Praise the good Reverend Roger.
Yes, dear friends, as you might have suspected, this is a special Internet only Hour of Slack.
And normally we produce a clean version for our beloved broadcast stations and an un-clean one for the Internet.
And this is also the first time in months that I've sat down in my office and done an all edited show from home.
And the way my hands and butt feel reminds me of why we've lately preferred driving to the WCSB station and doing the shows live.
It's much faster.
On the other hand, this being an Internet only special, I don't have to worry at all about fitting it all into exactly one hour.
Praise Bob.
Every year or so we accumulate an hour or two worth of songs or rants that just don't work if you censor them.
In this case, 17X Day and Starwood No. 34 are coming up fast.
And yet we have several choice tracks stockpiled that were recorded last year at 16X Day Drill, at the Starwood Festival, and at the Pittsburgh Divival.
We've also heard some of the live stage Hour of Slack stuff from 16X Day with Dr. Hal and some of the other guests.


I've also heard some of the live clips from the movie This Is The End.
Those I've already played.
Coming up though, my ranting at 16X Day, Reverend Andrew the Impaled and his 16X Day sing-along, All You Need Is Fuck.
Three improv jam songs from X Day's version of Multiple Fisted Tales of Connie, in this case mostly Bishop's Dick and Priestess Pisces.
More censored live stage Hour of Slack with Dr. Hal and Dr. Legume.
Some Bob Noggin.

Some
Very Unsafe for Work.
And a media mix by Reverend Exister.
But first, and it's a butt song, the Rudy Schwartz Project from their new album, the song Some Heroin Up Your Butt.
Chuck me a new lighter and a spoon.
I'll be fetchin' out the comments, scrapin' through some crested vomit where my breakfast has been strewn.
If you want a big advantage, and less arterial damage in the lazy, hazy month of June.
Lube up the tube and squirt some heroin up your butt on a Sunday afternoon.
If your forearms have deep furrows, you look like William Burroughs.
Dr. Manway.
Absorption is more thorough, cause the best locale is your anal canal.
Cardiac arrest, goddammit!
Dr. Manway washes the suction cup by squishing it around the toilet bowl.
A hit of smack.
A crosser.
Your ischial rectal fossa.
Ain't really gonna cost ya when you listen to me and take a new IP.
I like the way it nestles against my excretory vessels.
Caring means sharing, so lend me your spoon.
Snap off the cap and squirt some heroin up your butt.
On a Sunday afternoon.
Pop the tube and squirt some heroin up your butt.
On a Sunday afternoon.
Would you like to hear some sexy stuff instead?
Yeah!
Okay, this is something I usually use in weddings.
Because...
You know, people are getting married, they need to know where little subgeniuses come from.
Subgeniuses, of course, are the descendants of kind of crossbreeding between humans and yetis.
That's why we refer to humans as a different race.
But this is a brief explanation.
Ninslow wrote this up originally.
Why sex feels good and pain hurts.
A brief explanation of the yeti bat squid symbol.
In该 crimes, for science everyone's demandé recently,
інτά겠습니다 деньги와 이곳 expandica,
ужικworld,
Henna Survival of p consultancy.


Man происходит Senator Hillary Clinton.
Come on.
The same, does it sound ?
Well, I was.
This can change anything.
There not just psychics.
make little subgeniuses, friends. You young wedded people need to know this. When a face-fucking bat
attacks a male yeti subgenius and ejaculates its poisoned sperm down his throat and the yeti is
not promptly treated with face-fucking bat sperm antidote pudding, it must find a prairie squid to
fuck or it will die. When a bat sperm infected yeti fucks a prairie squid, the squid empties the
yeti out like a man-shaped condom, leaving only the undamaged skin lying in a heap on the ground.
The prairie squid stores and mutates the yeti sperm and ejaculates it into the female yeti on
not infrequent occasions. The prairie squid mutated yeti sperm swims up the tubes and impregnates the
females entirely.
The prairie squid mutated yeti sperm impregnates the females entirely, transforming her into a vast
egg bag with a little human torso on one end. Sound good, girls? The thousands of prairie squid
mutated yeti sperm impregnated yeti eggs hatch out into thousands of face-fucking bats who then
seek out yetis to face-rape. Wait a minute. This isn't where little subgeniuses come from,
Princess Wee. This is where face-fucking
bats come from.
This is where face-fucking bats come from.
No wonder there's so damn many face-fucking bats and so few subgeniuses. Or little subgeniuses, anyway.
If you guys quiet down over here, you're distracting me. I'm trying to focus up here. It's very, very important here.
Trust me, this is difficult. You know what? We're gonna cut to the other song. I think we can cue up the song that we have in there.
I was going around collecting fucks from people for a couple of days here.
And this is the product that I made with that. So you go ahead and cue that up, fox, with
if you can find that.
La la la.
La la la.
La la la.

La la la.

La la la.
No one you can fake that can't be fucked.
No one for whose sake you can't be sucked.
Nothing to do when the sausage left you.
Believe me!
No one who is slick who can't have slack.
No one who hears this who can't get back.
No one who is slick who can't get back.
I can't read my own writing, but believe me!
Oh, something about the mushrooms. Yeah, fucking great.
All you need is fuck.
All you need is fuck!
All you need is fuck!
Fuck! Fuck! That's all you need.
No one you can hide from the sword.
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
I mean, you guys can all say fuck, but you can listen to the work that you guys already did.
I mean, you people have missed out on the fucks. I'm really sorry.
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
All you need is fuck!
All you need is fuck!
All you need is fuck!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
No one you can hide from, you can't have hope.
No one you can Skype, you can't be scoped.
No kind of rule that says you can't be a
fool for dreaming.
All you need is
fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
All you need is fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
All you need is fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!

Yeah, f-fuck!
Suck you! Yeah!
Yeah!
Suck you! Suck you!
All right.
Thank you for that.
Sucking cock should be taught in school,
Cool, Bob, old buddy. It's an art.
Now, how's sweet little Vera here now that she guzzled it down?
She can fuck all night, Mr. Rankin, but she's not too much on cock sucking.
At least not in the six months we've been married.
Well, give her time, Bob. She will.
Now, you take my Wilma there.
When we first got married, she didn't know shit about sucking,
and now, by Christ, she damn near drains my old balls dry.
You think she had a spring on her tongue the way it zings around?
Well, listen, Al, you old fuck.
Sucking you off is like sucking up a piece of spaghetti.
But I bet Bob here will make me a delicious full-course dinner.
And listen, Vera, don't you worry.
I know how you feel right now.
You don't like the idea of swapping orgies,
but if it makes your husband the new office manager, you'll endure for his sake, right?
Yeah, I guess so, but I never...
Well, I mean, I just don't know.
Listen, how do you think Al got to be first vice president?
By hard work?
Bullshit!
I fucked, sucked, and licked him up the ladder.
And I still do to keep him there.
And so will you for Bob.
Now, listen, while we're rapping, let's get out of our clothes.
My fucking prick's ready to break my zipper,
and I can't wait to see those tits of Vera's.
Jesus, I saw you that day when you met Bob at the office
dressed in that miniskirt and a tight white sweater.
I knew I was gonna give Bob the promotion
if he'd just let me suck you and fuck you for a weekend.
And old Wilma's mouth there, she's been watering for a year at Bob's cock.
Last one undressed has to kiss everybody's ass.
Come on, Vera. Hurry, unless you like ass kissing.
Now, now, come on. No fair now, Wilma.
You know I'm a little fat and I can't move too fast.
Tough shit, ass kisser.
You got some fucking legs, Wilma.
I can't wait to feel them wrapped around me.
Right around your head, lover.
You're gonna lick and suck me out of your ever-loving fucking skull.
Jesus Christ, Wilma!
Look at the size of Vera's tits.
Oh, my aching balls.
Before this weekend is over, I'm gonna put my cock between them
and fuck till I come all over her face.
Oh, baby!
You'll get a better look as soon as I get off your socks, you slowpoke.
You're gonna be on your knees kissing her ass.
Oh, shit. I lost again.
Bob, baby, you got six inches just hanging loose there.
How big does it get when it gets hard?
How do I get it hard, hmm?
Big enough to choke you, sweetheart, and a kiss will start it.
Oh, Al, your tongue tickles my ass.
But don't stop.
Come on, Bob. Let me kiss that hammer of yours.
Now, if an ass like Vera's got, Al will take at least ten minutes.
Yeah, let's wait till he kisses me.
Then it'll really jump.
Hey, now bend over, Vera, so my tongue can work on that little brown star of yours.
Oh, man, it's pale brown on the outside and pink in the center.
Wilma, a virgin asshole.
If I ever saw Wade, wait till my prick opens that up.
Oh, you wouldn't try to fuck me in the ass, would you?
I mean, I never... I couldn't.
Oh, shit. Fuck it. Lick it.
I'm sorry, Bob. I've got a scar. I'll bust.
I'll start licking the inside of your thighs like this and like this and this.
Keep going, Wilma, but slowly.
Suck it, Al. Suck it.
Oh, I didn't think a tongue could go that far.
If I don't stop soon, I'll suck your brains out, Vera.
You son of a bitch, Bob. It's nine inches and it's still not hard.
I know you're back there. Holy Christ, it's no wonder Vera's wild.
That's some tongue, Al.
Screw you all. What the fuck am I supposed to do now?
Play with myself? Will somebody suck me or fuck me or anything?
Come on, Al. It's their first time.
Let's be proper hosts and suck them all.
Are you kidding, Wilma?
My tongue's waiting to get into Vera's little red cunt hairs.
All right, you two over there.
That cap, side by side.
And you, Vera, watch me and listen to me so you can properly learn how to suck cock.
All right, Wilma, but let's hurry up because my box is tingling.
Then slowly, all around his balls like so.
Holy shit, don't stop.
Oh, Al, your tongue tickles my cunt hairs.
Put it in deeper.
Now, Vera, you lick up the shaft slowly.
Good God, Al, don't stop. Go deeper and faster.
Bob, squeeze them hard.
Certainly.
Keep watching, Vera, or you'll never learn.
Look, next, just take the head of his cock in your mouth and push your tongue into his piss hole and suck lightly.
Like this.
Wilma, suck it, buddy. Just keep going.
Suck me hard, you fat sucker.
Lick.
By Jesus Christ, blow my brain.
Oh, you dumb cunt.
Next, Vera, you...
Oh, shit, she's not listening.
So brace yourself, Bobby, baby.
I'm going to suck your eyeballs out.
Oh, fuck.
Atta girl, Wilma.
Oh, suck.
Suck.
Ooh, your finger feels good in my asshole.
But watch, your nails are sharp.
Oh, big prize, it hurts.
No, no, don't stop.
It feels like you're tickling my belly button from the inside.
Suck, you old fuck.
Suck.
By the way, tonight's night is all about fuckery.
So come on up.
If you got an instrument, everybody who hears my voice, bring an instrument.
And a beer.
On stage.
And a beer.
Swinging sticks and swinging dicks.
Swinging sticks and swinging dicks.
Swinging sticks and swinging dicks.
Swinging sticks and swinging dicks.

резистency

You listen, we're gonna give you the real coke here.
You listen, we'll beat you the fuck out of you.

Catch you when the bone is hot.
You say you wanna blow it.
Spill it on the monitor.
And throw it.
And you say you want to be.
And get it from me.
Excuse me, were you talking?
You sounded like a chicken squawking.
Let's be honest, you're just a sheep.
Spirits eat play toy, blind and weak.
Bow wow, the wolves are on the loose.
Let me give you a little bit rope,
and you can hang yourself with the noose.
I have no pity for the pinks or their kind.
Too bad this movie has no rewind.
Perhaps they'll regret the laughs and the taunts.
False sense of security they so love to flaunt.
I've got no reason to be afraid.
No pity, nor do I have remorse.
They get what they deserve.
The plot's run its course.
They took from my brothers our pure, yeti blood.
They stole from our sisters who share common love.
They deserve no less than that that they get.
They chose their path, and now they'll die by it.
So brothers and sisters, my partners in slack,
raise up a glass.
While the earth is turned black.
Are you just fucking stupid, or you're an asshole too?
It must take a lot of effort to be as pink as you.
Come on, try a little bit harder.
Your impotence is showing through.
You should just fucking kill yourself
before we get a hold of you.
Tell me something, because I'm betting I'm right.
You couldn't even find the clit if it was in your fucking pipe.
Bob damn, motherfucker.
How do you fucking live without the TV to tell you to wipe your mouth after you shit?
I'm not a fucking bitch.
You're a fucking bitch.
You're a fucking bitch.
I'm not a fucking bitch.





Oником.

Oamamyee.
aza.
This dude has the most of
his time.
Bob that's aamatto.

favourite.
Maybe because he's got it on you.
He's got it on you.
so, so mean.
My words are cruel and bring you
bad dreams.
Maybe it's just that you're a
prick.
Another impotent fucker with a
broken dick.
But she likes this yeti dick
just fine and it
makes her come right on
a dime.
We've lost many battles
but we're winning the war.
There's no turning back.
There's no unlocking the door.
Enjoy this vengeance
so saccharine and sweet.
Inhale deeply of the
smell of burnt meat.
Those who have fucked with you
well they'll be undone.
The journey of eternal
pleasures for us has begun.
Make your pills.
Dobbs did you right.
And look out those saucer
windows with the earth good night.
Relax.
Lean back.
And smile with Bob's
grin.
My brothers, my sisters
the real fun
now begins.
I had no connection with them.
That was like four pages of
random words.
Oh well I'd like the new
wisteria map that Irasu
did.
That was almost even more
cynical than your map.
Even put down your put down map.
It got online and people
found it distasteful.
No.
Amateurs found it distasteful.
The people who actually
run this place loved it
and in fact made us promise
to give them all the spare
copies of that map that we
have left.
It is quite good.
Or they wanted to buy them.
They were going to buy the
rest of the wisteria giant
dick eating spider maps.
Which I put on postcards.
Nicely printed cafe press postcards
last year.
Nobody bought a nary a one.
I had a couple of people buy them
yesterday when I was running the
swag shack.
Well that may have been wisteria's
staff.
See.
Yeah.
Some people can't take a joke.
Money is all the same.
Maybe it was your advanced sales
technique.
It's not so bad that they can't take a joke.
But when they look at a map
and they see all this shit on there
and they get to the part
where it says something like
something racist or sexist
or homophobic you know like
angry facts camping for example.
Right.
Let's say that would be a common
thing for somebody to get really
upset about.
Angry facts camping.
That's really offensive.
Where the two black people camp.
So they find this and they get offended.
But somehow manage to slip past
the giant dick eating spiders
and think wow this isn't a joke.
How did they.
So it's not like fucking with
them if they can't take a joke.
They can't if they can't even perceive a joke.
Exactly.
Fuck them even harder if they can't perceive a joke
because they make it hard on those of us
who are smart enough to want to laugh.
They'll think this could never happen to me.
Those spiders would never nibble my Johnson.
That only happens to others.
Well it's because it's not giant enough.
Well it's probably true.
The spiders themselves aren't really that big.
They're not much bigger than your hands.
Their jaws are large.
Yes.
Hey.
Most spiders.
Actually would bite you if they could.
But their jaws are too small and weak.
But the ones that give you trouble have jaws that will
pierce your skin.
But these will go even farther.
There was actually a theory before people actually saw
one of the spiders.
There were two kinds of giant dick eating spiders.
There was the giant dick eating spider which was giant
and only ate dicks.
And there was the the giant.
Dick eating spider which would only eat giant dicks.
That was nearly microscopic.
That explains so much from last night.
Now I thought I was going insane.
It was two different kinds of spiders.
Yes.
And they were fighting over whether which they were fighting over my dicks because some of
them are giant of course and some are well human sized.
Well the microscopic ones hunt in packs.
Right.
Yeah that was what confused me.
Did you have appropriate instruments to record this?
Oh I was too busy screaming to record it at the time.
Luckily I've got a hell of a lot of spare dicks.
I think it all depends on where you put that hyphen.
There's other things I don't have spares of and you know I have to be really careful about
those.
Right.
Like my third nostril for instance.
You can just replace as long as the screw threads match.
Right.
Yeah.
You have to be careful where you put the hyphen in Giant Dick Eating Spider.
Yes.
It makes a world of difference.
Punctuation.
I guess yeah.
It matters.
That's it.
So he was standing watching the stage and I was spinning on a ramp that was so full
of yeti rage.
He handed me a beer and said hey come on over here.
I said hi what's your name.
He said I love the one way you said the word cunt.
I've been listening to you for years.
On the hour of slack.
I've even made my own personal remix of it.



The best places tracks.
I gotta admit, it felt a little bit weird.
But a smile and some eyes just drew me a little near.
And then I found out we had a lot in common.
No tolerance for pink bullshit or drama.
And well, he liked to play guitar.
And I pretended I could sing.
So we started talking and thought, what the hell?
Let's make this a Yetis thing.
A Yetis thing.
Yes, sir.
Let's go ahead and make this a Yetis thing.
A Yetis thing, yes.
We decided to make it a Yetis thing.
Yetis thing.
Yetis thing.
We decided to make it a Yetis thing.
A Yetis thing.
So the time's passed.
We got closer and intertwined.
We got intertwined.

Like the little grains of froth in the boss pie
burning to the same exact temperature and time.
And we knew it was the right thing.
And we went to the drive-in one next day night.
He asked me, and I said yes.
And I tell you, folks, it's all right.
So the lesson here, brothers and sisters, all of us children,
we know that rearranging our minds,
we already guess we don't,
but we have to pretend to do it and develop wisdom.
It was way back when we simply cannot do without it.

I'll tell you this, brothers and sisters.
With the medicalемуinfl HIESI,



If you don't listen, your love won't work.
Do not make the mistake of wasting your time and just walking away from him or her.
Because you know, you know it's right.
You know.
Distance does not stop the Yeti thing.
Yeti thing.
Yeti thing.
Time and distance don't stop that Yeti thing.
Yeti thing.
God damn it, Preacher.
Don't start talking crazy to go with everything else.
Also, when I read the scriptures, I do not feel as love as I used to.
Oh, is that so?
That is too bad.
Join the fucking club of most of us.
Let me tell you something, Preacher.
I see you skulking around when Bob comes in.
You're trying to hide your fucking eyes.
You're a fucking mess.
And I am in the process of wearing out my own fucking welcome in this camp.
And I wouldn't expect to be around here much longer for people to be disgusted by so they don't notice what the fuck is going on with the conspiracy.
That nameless thing that makes you do shit 9 to 5.
That you don't care about.
And pays you for it.
Pays you good.
Great deal.
Waste half your life to survive.
It was a happier day when Bob Dobbs walked the earth.
Because in those days, the conspiracy wasn't in the church.
And that's what I'm talking about tonight.
The conspiracy in the church.
Yeah.
I've had a lot of experience.
The conspiracy.
I'm not an artist.
I'm a preacher.
I don't make my living at this.
I have to make my living doing other things.
See?
Horrible things.
For them.
The church is filling up with pink boys.
Halfway subgeniuses.
Halfway subgeniuses.
They're the ones who go,
Oh, Reverend Stein, I think Buck is real funny.
And doctors for Bob are real funny.
But Reverend Stein, you talk about all this serious stuff.
It didn't make me depressed.
And I say, little Bobby, you shouldn't be depressed.
Because you're going to fry in hell.
While we true apostles of Dobbs are in that mothership.
Waving to those poor people down below.
In the estate vessels of the sex goddesses.
Oh, yeah.
Bobby.
Oh, yes.
Bobby.
Say it.
Those who would make this church just like all the other religions.
Yeah.
It's frustrating dealing with them.
Very frustrating.
Because they never know that I'm talking about them.
There's plenty of them here tonight.
Bobby.
Bobby.
Like moonies.
They wouldn't know true slack if it crawled up their ass in the form of an evil snake.
Not that slack often takes the form of an evil snake crawling up your ass.
But they're the kind.
You can spot a Bobby.
They're the ones that are walking around all day long going,
Bob slack, Bob slack, boop slack, boop boop slack.
I've got slack now.
I've got Bob.
I'm free.
I'm saved.
I said Bob slack, Bob slack every day for two years continuously.
But it was different in those days.
In those days, you had to send your way into Dobbs town.
And you had to come up with new sins.
You couldn't just borrow somebody else's sins.
It's...
But they have this stupid impression that slack is a sin.


Slack automatically comes with a subscription to the Starkfest.
Comes with their membership.
For a Bobby to know slack, I don't know if it's possible.
Bob.
Slack.
Bobby.
Bob.
Slack.
Slack.
Bob.
Slack.
Slack.
Bob.
Slack.
Slack.

Slack.
We're gonna grind here.
Bob.
Slack.
Bobby.
Bob.
Slack.
Latest.
Bob.
Slack.
Latest.
Bob.
Slack.
Talk.
Bob.
Slack.

God.
�
Black.
Black.
Black.
Oh, she wandered into this, some kind of a march.
It was a bunch of very, very old hippies marching and having a protest or something.
And they had a little contest where they wanted people to roll oregano in paper tubes.
It's real flimsy paper.
And it was like, how fast can you fill these paper tubes with this oregano?
Oregano. And one guy managed to do more than she did.
I think she did something like, I think her average time was 15 seconds per.
And she did it for three minutes.
It'd be four minutes.
It was like, yeah, 12 or 15 little tubes that she rolled up.
And she got second place.
How many did the other gentleman get?
He only did one more than she did.
So just by the cuff.
Yeah. Yeah.
And they're sexist, you know, and planetists.
I imagine hers were much better packaged, possibly.
Maybe she just took that extra second to make sure they were nicer.
She used to be able to do that while driving.
She could drive, steer with one hand and roll little tubes of something with the other hand.
I never did understand that.
Is that my husband asking me to sing about penises?
All right.
I ended up trying to remember it.
I said, give us a go and I'll keep thinking about making lots of violin involvements today.

and then I started thinking, well, I could try that.

But you know?

It was a really strange experience.

I will grab it.
Not going to the gym, but not going to the gym and just being there in my basement

You know, it was kind of a complex experience for them.

Right?


Yes.
Then, you know.
Lurking in the woods late at night.
Watching you right now.
There's the Sasquatch, some call it Yeti.
With a ten-foot cock.
And he's lurking right outside of your tent as you sleep.
Waiting.
For the exact right moment.
To play his skim flute.
The rod of the Yeti.
The rod of the Yeti.

Wow.
Even Connie fears it.
Bob won't come near it.
And it's waiting just for you.
Some say it's purple.
Some say it's red and shiny.
But you don't want that rod of the Yeti anywhere near your hiney.
The rod of the Yeti.


The rod of the Yeti.
The rod of the Yeti.
It's waiting just for you.

And it's ramming through.
It's ramming through.
Some say John Holmes has a pretty big dog.
Obviously, they haven't been around this Yeti for very long.
Rod of the Yeti.
Rod of the Yeti.
It's waiting just for you.
Right you, right there.
The Rod of the Yeti is waiting for you.
And you.
And you.
And you.
What will you do when he comes after you?
Several extra days ago, there was a young Bobby named Reverend Funny Name.
And we had tried to warn him about the dangers that lurk in the woods.
And of course, he didn't follow the notation that says to never camp in the blue tent.
But, you know.
But, you know.
Bobby's do this shit.
And so Reverend Funny Name was camped about over there.
In his blue tent.
Minding his own business.
Drinking lots of beer and smoking lots of frap and getting rather well spent.
And he finally decided to wind down for the night and get some sleep.
And he was asleep.
Pretty early in the week.
And well, he was laying in bed.
And he heard this noise.
Just like that.
Sort of like a heavy breathing from a really, really fat taxi cab driver.
And he was like, what the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?


And he got nothing of it.
He figured, well, you know, I'm Reverend Funny Name and I'm new here.
They're probably just messing with me.
I'll just sleep this off and ignore it.
So he rolled over and turned his back to the tent door.
Got comfortable.
Still here.
Now he's starting to get a little scared.
but nah, it's probably just the drugs talking.
Curls up and pulls his knees up a little bit.
He heard the tent slowly unzip.
And honestly, the last thing we heard
of Reverend Funny Name was him going,
oh shit, oh!
That Yeti rod.
You know what the biggest problem with the Yeti rod is?
What's the biggest problem with the Yeti rod?
The Yeti rod just keeps coming and coming.
And coming and coming and coming.
It's not the end of my story,



brothers and sisters.
A few years later,
a young Connieite showed up.
And she had a few too many beers
and was sitting in her tent.
You know what she heard?
Hoo, hoo, hoo.
She figured she'd ignore it too.
You can imagine how this is gonna go, but.
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo.
She heard her tent unzip.
And the last thing we heard from her was,
oh, oh!
Oh, wow!
Oh, yes!
Yes!
Yes, strange, furry stranger!
Oh, yes!
Yes!
Yes, please, mister!
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!
Oh, my God, yes, yes, yes!
She comes back every year now,
and I'm not gonna tell you who she is.
But I can tell you that now that she's had
what the Yeti rod has to give,
you boys are shit out of luck.
I'm gonna tell you the moral of this story.
The moral of this story
is if you're in your tent at night
and you hear
hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo,
and you don't wanna get fucked,
well, actually, you're fucked either way.
By the Yeti rod!
The Yeti rod.
The Yeti rod.
The Yeti rod.
The Yeti rod.
And tonight he may be coming for you.
And you.
And you.
And you.
And you.
You can always leave yourself up to protect
and it does a little less damage,
but sorry, folks.
There's a victim every year.
That's normal.
A toast to your運えば

I'm not feedin' animals.
I'm a notFI зайculh
aжжжX
aj њ
aja
The Bible says the guy named Me merchandizer.
Lord that I got it back. Jesus isn't the name of the Lord. God is the name of the Lord. Jesus,
God, is the same. It's a trinity. Jesus is unholy ghost. It's like Neapolitan ice cream.
I don't even know what the fucking commandments are. We're all good people. I can look at each
one of you in the eye. I know you're good. I'm good. We're actors. We bring joy to people's
lives. Yeah, but we don't do it for free. We get paid handsomely, much higher than the average
profession. It's not like it was just handed to any of us. We worked really hard to be here.
You pretend like it's hot when it's cold. You're sitting on the beach. It's freezing. You and your
drawers talking about some everybody's surfing. I think God might have just fucked up, made a
mistake, and left us behind by accident. I mean, he's got a lot of shit on his plate.
Hello, dear friends. Dr. Gordon here. And now as July the 5th approaches,
it's time to ask yourself, are you right with Bob? Have you tithed to the church?
Because friends, if you haven't, they're going to know and you're going to fry.
So check out your emergency X-Day supplies. Check out your wallet and tithe the contents to Bob.
You'll be glad you did. Consider the alternative if you don't.
Oh, fuck me. Oh, little cunt. My little red cunt. Oh, so good.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, watch this, Bob. I'm going to shove this ice cube up Wilma's ass. Now watch her go then.
Whoa, what did I tell you, Bob? Whoa, she's really thrashing now. In another minute,
there'll be nothing left of the ice. I used to do that to her all the time about 10 years ago.
We had a maid who loved to bush up. Oh, Wilma lover. I'm coming. Bite me.
Bite me.
All right, my little nightclubbers. As soon as you catch your breath, we'll have a little drink and relax.
Yeah, and after that, let's all take a shower together and get cleaned up. There's a long night and a weekend ahead of us.
Right on, old buddy. Poor Vera's cunt's been untouched by a male cock tonight, but I'll remedy that.
And dear Wilma hasn't felt my 11 inches up it yet.
Oh, Mike Killman.
I wouldn't miss it for the world.
Bob, when I fucks my cunt, let me suck you off and make me swallow it all this time.
Oh, Maria, I can't begin to take it. I like the taste. I like it. I like it.
And dear darling, we have to eat each other's cunt. It's not as juicy as sucking cunt, but it's heaven.
In fact, while we're licking cunts, I think that this one I'm going to have Bob's ass fuck me.
Oh, it's going to be...
It's going to be a terrific weekend.
Oh, Bob, you are going to be one great office manager, boy.
You bet your sweet ass, Al. And Wilma.
Thanks to Dr. Philodrumon for making that clip from Bob's sex life available to us.
The singing, or ranting with music, was Pisces, with multiple-fisted tales of conning.
Bishop's stick on bass, I think, although it could be Reverend Angry Larry and or Reverend Sud's Bishaw in there, too.
Thank you.














This is Hour of Slack number 1469.5XXX, an internet-only special.
And since we have no time limit, I'm going to now let play two very weird performances from Fat Man D's combination,
Pittsburgh's subgenius revival, and Tommy Amoeba's birthday party.
The second one is our old, old friend from way back, and I mean like 1981, St. Tentatively a Convenience.
Who, using a sampler, with a friend reading the names of heavy metal bands,
who, due to their names, were banned from a Catholic heavy metal station.
He'll explain it again at the end.
But before that, I'm going to play a thing that requires some explanation.
The artist is Eric Singer, and what you'll hear are vocal samples played on the Slimotron, Eric Singer's own invention.
The Slimotron is a very large, upright wooden board with nails all over the surface.
Each nail is set to trigger a specific vocal sample or sound effect.
But what triggers them is slime.
Metallic slime.
Oobleck, with ferrous oxide or something in it.
So that as it dribbles and droops randomly down the board, each nail that the slime touches causes its personal weird sample.
So, what you're hearing is an audio piece composed semi-randomly by the dribbling of conductive slime blurping gradually from nail to nail across the board.
Reverend Eric Singer is steering it in so much as he is doing the dribbling of the slime.
Oh, by the way, this is the amino acids in the background, and they will be at 17 next day.
Thank you, and praise Bob.
Ladies and gentlemen, please give it up for all of our incredible contestants in this incredible game of Pin the Pipe on the JR Bob Dog 10.
Some say it's blasphemy to have a Bob without a pipe, and I say that's why we place the pipe in the face.
This is a face-based religion.
Our Bob is not a jealous Bob.
Without any further ado, I would like to introduce our next act.
This young man has traveled all over the world.

Building musical robots, playing the saxophone, and causing a large number of Pittsburghers to erupt in flames far, far before the rupture itself.
He helps us prepare.
From the League of Electronic Musical Urban Robots, also known as LEMUR, please give it up for Eric Singer!
To you, when it's gluttony.
Period.
To جمعة
To the mic.
of non-Newtonian fluid flow with operator parametric control.
Jesus. Bob. Jesus. Bob. Jesus. Bob. Jesus. Bob. Jesus. Bob. Jesus. Bob. Jesus. Bob. Jesus.
Subtitling and E prohibited by the YouTube programs.
Subtitles removed because English is not quite full.
Suspektive intimidating my Adelaide language.
Jesus likes chocolate, cookies,
Bob likes gingerbread,
Jesus likes French toast,
Bob loves apples, food, cake,
Jesus loves cinnamon rolls,
Bob loves chocolate,
Jesus is curious about the connection,
Bob is curious about the children,
Jesus is curious about the way,
Jesus is curious about the way,
When your roommate cleans the place while you're away,
Jesus is curious about dirty food,
Saying the same thing as a sports commentator says just before they eat,
Jesus is curious about Dutch food,
Bob is curious about couch food,
Jesus is curious about tossey salad,
Bob is curious about...
Jesus is curious about...
Bob admires the Insta-for-Rooster,
Jesus is curious about...
Jesus admires Snowball,
Jesus feels optimism,
Bob feels dismay,
Jesus feels quiet,
Bob feels tense,
Jesus is interested in paraphilia,
Bob is interested in semen,
Jesus is interested in fingering and fisting,
Jesus feels rapture,
Bob feels grabby,
Jesus feels resentment,
Bob worships EDS,
Bob is just...
Jesus feels discontent,
Bob feels unhappiness,
Jesus feels adoration,
Bob feels serenity,
Bob is just a fool, help me!
Jesus feels optimism,
Bob feels jittery,
Jesus feels distraction,
Bob feels jaded,
Jesus feels optimism,
Bob feels...
Place a low-ass piece of...
Bob feels...
Jesus ponders when there is no hope,
Jesus was interested in homo-sexuality.
Jesus was interested in polygamy.
Jesus was interested in polygamy.
Jesus is confused by that region.
Jesus plays bells, but plays concert guitars.
Jesus is confused by that region.
Jesus plays a little bit of human cake on your birthday.
Jesus is confused by that region.
Jesus is low, but he loves you.
Jesus is curious about tropical wind.
Jesus is interested in autogynephilia.
He loves you.
Jesus is interested in masturbation.
He loves you.
meth approach.
He was interested in sex.
He was interested in intoxication.


Those women who pulling in sex sewing and cow sex is true.
He fan6 Him.
Jesus feelsdown for masturbation.
Jesus roots for throw.
Jesus is low.
Jesus roots for quiver.
Jesus and Bob sitting in a tree.
K-I-S-S-I-N-G.
First comes love.
Then comes marriage.
Then comes slack in the baby carriage.
Boo!
Boo!
Please give it up for Eric Singer and his, what is it, a slime-a-tron?
And his slime-a-tron.
Slime-a-tron!
Praise Bob!
Anti-robot.
Wow.
He, Eric and his anti-robot showed us something.
Something.
Please give it up for something.
What is Carden doing?
Somewhere between religion and science, there lies a slime-a-tron.
What did we just say?
Wow.
Shitstone?
Alabama Thunder Pussy.
Alien Sax Fiends.
I know cunt.
Balls of Bumsol.
Steer.
Crucifuct.
He's out for crucifuct.
Ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.



Sabanetic God Crusher
Dark Angel
Angel Sit
Angel Corpse
Death Angel
Oshmietha Death Angel
Christ
Oshmietha Death Angel
Morbid Angel
Pucifer
Pucifer
Pucifer
Crusher
Jesus
Eater
Stealth of Christ
Inheld
Nazarene
God
Death Throne
Deicide
Baby Jesus
Hitler
Adolf
Satan
Abuses of the clergy
Hell no!
Death
Mother Teresa
Upside down cross
Up to die a son
Up to die a son
Alien, sex fiend, bard, wyre, condor
Cock, spew, pox, bullseye
Decrepit, bird, aborted feta
Deep fried abortion
Die in fetus
Blown egg
Crying of blitz, still bloody alcohol
Tickety tick, tick, tick, tick
Jack officers
Rotom stapler
Sexual orange master
Pussy overload
Abuses of the clergy
Chalice, chalice, chalice, chalice
Chalice, chalice, chalice, chalice
Chalice, chalice, chalice, chalice
Emb teknism
I also act like a Muslim
Chicken pox
Poos
�
Birds
Fab.
Fab for our Fab.
Fab for our Fab.
Goal!
Goal!
Cinema!
Goal!
Goal!
Cinema!
Goal!
Cinema!
Goal!
Cinema!
Goal!

Goal!
Cinema!
Goal!
Cinema!
Goal!
Cinema!
Goal!
As some of you may have figured out,
those were 53 banned names
that were banned from a heavy metal station
that was a heavy metal station

at a Catholic university in New Jersey.
As performed by Deb,
a local from a band called Lady Beast,
a local heavy metal band.
And this radio station
calls itself a pirate radio station,
which makes it all even stranger.
That's it for me.
Thank you very much for being here.
Give it up for St. Tentatively Inconvenient!
His first subgenius appearance
in almost 30 years.
In almost 30 years.
And I really appreciate it.
Really, I can't wait to hear the reasoning
for that.
I don't understand what got him
so far away.
We have such ridiculous parties.
It'll be exciting to see if he comes back
into the fold
where it's warm and soft.
Little chunks.
Friends, we're glad you listened
to this show, and we're even more glad
that some listeners have donated enough
to help us keep on going for another
couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com
and all the other archive sites.
But if you
truly love Bob,
and want some of that slack back to rebound
to you,
you should go to subgenius.com
front page, or especially the radio
page, or the catalog store
pages, and help out
financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like
to be on the brink of total poverty,
and we don't want any subgeniuses
to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still
have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference,
even if it's only once a month
from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
blowjobs could go the way of
Steve Jobs if you don't
pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders
to subgeniusfoundation.com
P.O. Box 181-417
P.O. Box 181-417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Thanks for anything you can do
to help Let There Be Slack.
