In these ceremonies attended by many Lebanese Muslims, one of the Lebanese Muslim clerics
said the Iranian Muslim nation, with its reliance upon God and self-confidence, was capable
of cutting off the hands of the Na'ata and the Soviet Union from that country.
The Lebanese Muslim revolutionaries this morning, by detonating a bomb in the Adelun area in
South Beirut while demolishing an automobile belonging to one of the Zionist elements,
killed one of the mercenaries of that regime and wounded another one.
You really hate the church, you're so genius.
I really hate the church.
I really hate the church.
I really hate the church.
It's time, America.
Oh, you magic twanger, froggy.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to the subgenius
power of what?
Blast off.
I'll be on the ground in just 30 seconds with this week's exciting adventure.
So, stand by.
Stand by for...
Subgenius Radio Ministry.
Hour of Flash.
Okay, everybody go on party.
8, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3...
It's been a while since we've been here, haven't we?
I meant to say, clear the launch pad, sorry.
No problem.
Bob is with us.
Hope-a, Hope-a, Hope-a, Hope-a.
Bob is everywhere.
Hope-a, Hope-a.
In touch with God, turn your radio on.
Turn your radio on.
Oh, yes, turn your radio on.
And listen to the music.
The music is the end.
Turn your radio on.
It's sounding on its shrimp of the ship.
turn your lights now low.
It's turned your lights And listen to the master's radio.
Now listen to the sun and the star in the tree.
It's what we want.
Put it down.
It's what we want.
Captain, when the sun comes down.
Now, if there's a fire using the engine, the mic away from you.
concentrates the back of the car, but it's not going to separate you.
I would like to welcome and exploit the angelic host from Planet Earth.
George Bush does not care enough about you to even dislike you.
You cannot afford to buy your way into his country club.
George Bush and his rich friends do not need you in their country club.
Freedom without structure is anarchy.
Show without meanness.
Structure without freedom is fascism.
Here comes Hal on the show.
And here comes Reverend Stein.
And we have the Inglis system is now turned off.
All right, we're going to take a phone call.
This is the sentence of the new face.
You're on the air.
Father Gray?
Yes, my child.
I want to die.
I want to kill myself.
The cause of debauchery.
The term of duty is a depravity.
You cannot kill yourself.
The wickedness.
He put his mouth around his gun.
Oh, swine of me.
Wanton sex and greed.
Sins of the ignorant man.
He says.
You have paid you God for giving you.
You have paid me.
You have paid me.
Oh, the unhealed ceremonies of the flesh.
And I'm with the next.
Child of the devil, my child.
Too much depravity.
And I heard Father know.
God forgive you, wretchedness.
And he saved me.
And I know now that I am wretched and I'm meek.
Thank you, Father.
You are the child of the devil.
You have no right to kill yourself.
Only God can kill you, you wretched heathen, little mongering slut-whore Jezebel.
Oh, my God.
Jesus, God.
You have a woman here that wants to kill herself.
And only God has the right to stamp out the life of human beings.
No man can kill another man, nor can he kill himself.
Only God has that privilege.
The Senate still stands.
Cast the unpopular servant into outer darkness.
Where there is wailing and gnashing of teeth.
Sir, please, give me just one more chance, sir.
I don't want to go to hell, sir.
Sir, no, no.
I don't want to go to hell.
No!
Too bad, kid.
That's what happens to those who don't have faith enough.
Bob, because you see, entities are situated at different density levels.
The density level reflects the generalized state of awareness of the listener,
of consciousness and the ability of that listener to manipulate space, time, matter, and energy,
which are all transformative elements of the one universal subgenius intelligence
of the universe.
Intelligence.
Yaka-tees-mic.
Matrix.
Of which the entire universe, on all resonant levels and frequencies, is broadcast.
Ah, yes, dear, dear friends.
Ah, and it's so good to be back on the air with this show.
This show that needs a lawyer.
Is there a lawyer in the house?
We have evildoers to seek out and sue.
We need a religion.
We need a religious lawyer in our church.
Ah, now, you know, I'm getting excited, dear friends.
I hope, uh, I hope there's time for you to hear this in time.
But I'm looking forward to the 1992 Intergalactic Subgenius Convention and Gut Blowout in Chicago
on Labor Day weekend, September 4th through 6th.
That's where it's gonna be.
It's gonna be at September 4th through 6th, uh, in Chicago, Illinois.
Ah, yes, and I'm gonna give you information to write to about that.
Of course, you can always write to the church here for free information.
Just throw in that self-addressed stamped envelope and write to us.
Or Bob at the hour of slack.
Post office box 140.
306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
But we'll be giving that number again.
Ah, yes, at the end of the broadcast.
And boy, I'm looking forward to that Chicago Subgenius Convention.
We haven't had a real convention in, why, nigh on to almost 10 years.
But, uh, this time the special guests will include such luminaries as, uh,
the Swinging Love Corpses.
Yes, the Swinging Love Corpses.
That.
That.







The Slave Band from St. Louis will be at the Subcon.
G. Gordon Gordon will be lecturing.
Myself, Reverend Ivan Stang, of course.
Sister Mary Squared, au contraire.
Coming all the way up from Cleveland to preach her pants off.
And Sister Velveteen Sly will be there to preach your pants off.
And the Devil, the Devil Biker Bunnies.
That's hard to say.
Devil.
Devil.
Biker Bunny Girls.
Uh, and Princess We Are Doe, queen of all the UFOs down on your knees, boy.
Uh, the Betty Page story will be presented with the, uh, Betty Page lookalikes.
And Robert Shea, author of Illuminatus, will be there.
But that's just the stuff you would recognize.
It's the stuff you wouldn't recognize that makes this church, ah, so wonderful.
And that reminds me of a wonderful story that my,
my good, good prayer partner, Palmer Vredes of the Lies Company,
uh, mentioned to me the other day.
A story about what had happened to the daughter of one of his friends.
Now, this daughter was helping to defend an abortion clinic in New York, uh, state
against Operation Rescue protesters.
And those maniacal, uh, uh, how shall I put this?
Politely.
Religious nuts.
Uh, were doing their usual harassing and hideous, hateful bullying and screaming and throwing
their kids in front of cars and so forth.
But in New York state, it is legal, my friend, for women to go bare-chested in public.
Because men can.
And so some of the women defending this abortion clinic bared their breasts.
They took off their shirts and bras and...
My friends, hehehehe, uh, those Operation Rescue geeks covered their eyes and ran away.
Huh?
Yeah, the, they fled from the sight of that which to the rest of us is lovely and good.
The human body in all its glory.
They fled from the sight of, uh, women's breasts.
Now I ask you.
Uh, the devil is obviously.
In possession of, uh, one of those sides in the abortion battle.
Now which sounds to you, which one sounds most sick and depraved and perverted?
The topless gals or those who felt that to gaze upon human skin was the ultimate horror?
So, the moral of the story, I suppose, may be, as Palmer Vredes told me, is this.
That, uh, and you'll pardon me.
Uh.
The breast defense is a good offense.
Uh, yes, and, uh, before I go on with the tapes, I did want to pause and inform you of a publication that I have discovered a new use for.
You know, there's a lot of stuff on TV and, and you, you, you don't know how, sometimes whether one show might be good or bad.
But I've, we've started getting this journal of the...
The American Family Association.
At the subgenius post office box.
Uh, actually we've been getting it for many years.
It's edited by Dr. Donald Wildmon.
And, uh, if, if you've been reading your newspaper, you'll know that he's a fella who stirs up a lot of trouble.
For, uh, oh those who would promote, uh, pornographic, anti-Christian, pro-homosexual, uh, materialism.




Uh, material, such as Playboy.
Uh-huh.
But, um, and a lot of this magazine from the American Family Association.
It's what you might call the Citizens for Normalcy or the, uh, oops, oops, don't want to destroy my Planet of the Apes record back there.
Gotta have proper, uh, background music at all times.
Actually, I'm getting tired of this.
That, I'm gonna put on some kind of, uh, something more rantful here.
To explain to you that, um.
in the lovely journal of the American Family Association,
you can find out which TV shows are good.
For instance, it says here that Nabisco ridicules the Christian faith on the Carol Burnett show
because they had a skit about a fictitional hallelujah shopping network
hosted by the Sisters of Salvation, Lola and Rhonda,
who declared that the redemption of man can be achieved through shopping.
Silly TV comedy.
And the preacher women had to leave the stage in mid-broadcast in an attempt to escape the IRS.
Well, see, there's some ridiculing of the Christian faith you can watch.
And here, let's see.
Oh boy, ABC offers perverse sex, profanity and an anti-Christian thing.
The dialogue in ABC's Good and Evil show,
it's a good, good and evil,
used profanity about once a minute.
Add a liberal dose of perverse and vulgar jokes about bondage, cross-dressing, tampons, condoms,
and it's a typical episode.
In this one, the writers add an extra element.
A priest used profanity, laughed at adultery and made a mockery of the wedding ceremony.
And the advertisers who brought this profanity,
aversion to family time, included
BC Headache Powder.
That's before Christ, Headache Powder, friends.
You want to get rid of that headache before the time of Christ.
Not now, not five minutes ago, but before the time of Christ.
And Nital Sleep Aid tablets and Polydent Denture Cleaners.
They brought you that perverse sex and profanity,
which you can catch on television here.
It says ABC's Good and Evil.
Now, for pro-homosexual,
uh,
sermons,
you would want to watch,
um,
Coach.
That show Coach,
who discovers that one of his gridiron stars is homosexual.
Uh,
and he freaks out at first.
But Coach comes around,
follows Terry to a homosexual hangout,
discovers former team members there,
and decides that homosexuality is, after all,
normal.
Uh,
Coach's soul-searching occurs in a lengthy scene,
as,
all male couples slow dance in the background,
enjoy dinner at tables,
drinks at the bar,
et cetera.
His homophobia, quote,
cured, unquote.
Coach talks Terry into rejoining the team.
And, uh,
uh,
and another character babbling incoherently about a broken love affair remarks,
sometimes I wish I was a lesbian.
Well, you can watch Catch the Pro-Homosexual Show Coach
on, uh,
ABC.
L.A. Law,
according to the Federation of Decency here,
has profanity,
illicit sex,
blasphemy.
Uh,
at one point,
in one plot,
David,
a convicted murderer,
enters the courtroom in chains.
Clearly deranged,
he sings,
what a friend we have in Jesus.
Uh,
he alternates various hymns,
saying,
I am the power and the glory.
I am Satan.
I serve,
the demons,
and the demons serve me.
Are you washed in the blood of the Lamb?
It is implied that David liked to go to church.
And, uh,
and when those little, uh,
do you remember a house across the street from a church where the lambs lived?
The lambs were four-year-old and six-year-old sisters.
They were asleep in their bedroom when you strangled them with a wire.
Then you beat, raped, and killed their mother.
But they were lambs at the foot of God.
The demons told me to kill them.
I'll die for killing them.
An eye for an eye.
But before I die,
the demons will take me to heaven.
God, this,
so LA Law has characters that sound just like our favorite preacher's Church of the New Faith,
which are be coming up.
And, um,
ABC promotes MTV crudities.
Um,
Michael Jackson grabbing his crotch.
Madonna's blood.
Blasphemous songs.
Uh, bare-buttock dancers cavort across the screen with people caressing breasts and buttocks.
Madonna is in her glory in a sequence in which she spits, belches, and worse,
and makes thinly-veiled crude sex jokes.
In the same sequence, Madonna spews out the line,
I'm your mother, brother, sister, lover, daughter, auntie, uncle, grandma, grandpa, little baby Jesus.
And, uh, many cologne companies supported this blasphemy, and MTV, and, uh,
MTV crudity on this, uh, MTV anniversary special on ABC.
So, see, friends, you can use this, uh, Legion of Decency American Journal of the, uh, American Family Association to,
and sort of in lieu of your TV guide, or TV God, as we call it over at my house.
And, uh, but, if you're gonna do that to friends, you sure better be hoping that them Baptists ain't right.
Because if they do that, you're gonna be a fucking loser.
If they are, it's gonna be the judgment for you and me both.
You, just for hearing this show, just for listening to it, just for, even if you, even if you believed in Jesus,
you Christians out there, I'm warning you, just for listening to this show,
uh, you can be damned to hell, forever and ever and ever.
For lo, the innocent too shall be fried.
Yeah!
Bob is with us.
A light blow or tap.
The ball of the pendulum.
A mode of ringing bells.
A bob of bells.
A woman's short haircut.
Uh, Bob, did you get your hair bobbed?
Bob is there.
A horse's docked tail.
A bobbed tail.
A float to show when a fish bites.
A bobber.
A leather tool used for polishing spoons.
A bob.
Bob is there.
The working beam of a steam engine.
The bob of an engine.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
I can't hear you.
Oh, no.
Go pull some teeth out of an unconscious sternobomb, buddy.
That dry and direct doesn't make a difference.
But the fists of dark sterility.
We should cast off those slutty weasels that listen to this show
and learn how to offer yourself to the goodness or the frankness of the bestial trepidation that you fear.
As the spider sloughs off its exoskeleton.
It's a size of that thing.
Oh, a web of intrigue.
And the snake sheds its skin in order for growth to take place.
Yeah, but what I really wanted...
The shell casts off its unnecessary colors.
This is the universe dreaming itself.
On our radio beacon, adding signal to noise.
Filling in the blanks.
Painting in the numbered lines, numbered areas, connecting the dots, putting the pieces together.
And enjoying a large glistening serving of Dr. Lindo's...
Dr. Lindo's...

Sinfully delicious, crunched up rain chorus, frailing pecan, prune preserves, special reserve ice milk.
Yeah, um, yeah.
A suckling calf.
A calf.
A bob.
A type of Scottish dance.
A quick curtsy.
A bob.
A curtsy.
A bob.
Amen, Bob.
It's all...
Bobbery!
A noisy disturbance or a quarrel.
A bobbin!
A bobbin used in spinning, weaving, and sewing.
Bob is with us!
A bo-re-ma!
Bobbin!
But this is worst of all.
It makes me sleepy.
It's the giant sleep-inducing nine-pound tarantula.
It looked like it moved, but of course, it couldn't after so long.
Couldn't move.
Not while we're asleep.
Not at all.
The idea that that big hairy spider would move after we fall asleep is...
pure superstition.
It won't do anything.
Let's all lie down and just go see.
I'll lie down in this web-like hammock here and just...
you can sleep over on...
Oh, God!
Look out! Look out!
Yeah!
Ah!
Ew, it's crawling! It's alive!
It's big hairy legs!
Hello, you're on the air.
Ah!
Hey, it got the collar!
Look!
He's being swallowed up by its giant mandible, Edouard.
Yeah, these collars just can't take these giant arachnids that we often have trouble with at this time of day.
Boy, it's taking a long time for that collar to die.
Yeah, we'll just watch.
This is really fun for us.
I... I...
Whoa!
Whoa!
Ah!
Ah!
The acceleration!
Can't take it!
You'll have to cut up some flesh.
Shut up!
He's gonna die.
He's gonna die.
He's gonna die.
Who's the bomb?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.

George Bush does not care enough about you to even dislike you.
Scream!
Hauling on over to San Francisco.
Capitalism is not democracy.
Convenience is not freedom.
Oh, hello.
OK, well we're going down to the floor right now, the convention.
You can see in the background something that is relaxing, yet.
It is relaxing here, in fact.
The edge of this is middle age male who wants a job.
Wants...
Wants...
And I enjoy working more if a woman, a naked woman is spanking me while I'm working.
Have you ever noticed how much more pleasurable it is to go down to McDonald's or Jack in the Box or wherever you work?
And, you know, it's no big deal.
You get your $4.25 an hour.
But to have a naked woman, especially one that doesn't speak English, beat the living crap out of you while you're working makes it a little more pleasurable.
Wouldn't you say, Doug?
Well, no, I guess.
Yes, for the Gabriel Family Institute.
Well, no, not for me, for the listeners.
Ladies and gentlemen, in just a few minutes, you're going to be ushered in to The Judgment,
a one-act play where men and women are brought before the judgment seat of Christ.
It's appointed under man.
And once to die, after death, the judgment.
Better pay attention, you subgeniuses.
Call the first defendant.
Joanne Copas to the bar.
Joanne Copas, born into the kingdom of God in the year of her Lord, 1971.
Having been convicted of her sins through the faithful preaching of the word.
Oh, yes, I have been saved.
Not by works, lest I should boast.
But only as I accept her judgment.
I have accepted your son, Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior.
And allowed his blood to cleanse my sins away, I was saved.
Oh, yes, I have been saved.
And because you have been faithful in prayer, faithful in the reading of the word,
and because you have not forsaken the house of God,
you have overcome the tempter and gained the crown of eternal life.
For this I say, well done, thou good and faithful servant.
Enter thou into the joys of thy Lord.
Praise God, I made it, I finally made it.
Did you hear, I finally made it. Glory to God.
Oh, I thank you, Lord, for thy mercy.
I thank you, Lord, blessed be thy name.
Oh, I love you, Jesus. I thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah, glory to God. I made it, I made it. Hallelujah.
Praise God, thank you, Lord. Hallelujah.
The backslider will be there in that judgment.
Though Christianity for centuries has operated on the thought
that men could walk in and out with God,
that they could turn back to the world and back to their sins,
then come back to God without any loss,
has led many to speculate in the most frightening way.
But the Bible said, if the righteous man turned from his righteousness,
then all of his righteousness shall be forgotten.
Yes, sir, the backslider will be there in the judgment.
Call the next defendant.
Dana Dean to the bar.
Dana Dean, the record shows that in the year of your Lord, 1959,
you received the glorious experience of salvation.
Almighty God, King of kings and Lord of lords, indeed, it was a glorious experience.
The record goes on to reveal that for many years,
you were a faithful servant, performing your duties well.
Because of your faithfulness in witnessing,
many were brought into the glorious light of the gospel,
and many souls were added to the kingdom.
Because of your giving, my preachers were able to circle the globe
with the message of salvation.
Sir, I gave back only part of that which was given unto me.
Were the records to stop here, my son, it would indeed be a wonderful story.
But these faithful records are very careful to point out the darkest day in your life.
It is stated here that in the year of your Lord, 1973,
you turned your back upon your God and once more began to walk in your own way.
But, sir, I've come back. I've come back, sir.
I'm closer now than I've ever been before. I've come back, sir.
My God, I've come back.
Yes, the record shows that in the fourth watch of your life,
you returned to the fold.
But what an awful price you must pay for your foolishness.
Because you turned back, you have lost your reward.
You shall enter heaven as a servant without a single soul to your credit.
It's unfair. It's so unfair.
I've worked so hard for the kingdom all these years.
It's unfair that I should lose all my credits now.
You knew all this before you backslid.
Show him his record.
January 3, 1973.
But when the righteous turneth away from his righteousness,
and committeth iniquity,
and doeth according to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth,
shall he live?
All his righteousness that he hath done shall not be mentioned.
In his trespass that he hath trespassed,
and in his sin that he hath sinned,
in them shall he die.
This simply means that if you backslide
and turn away from God,
all the rewards that you've accumulated shall be lost.
I just don't understand how this could happen to me.
August 21, 1973.
You mean you aren't going to church again today?
Baby, don't bother me.
You know there's some on the day off.
I don't have to live in church to be saved.
Dana, if you aren't careful,
you're going to miss out with the Lord completely.
Come on, Kim.
My son, you heard the word.
You were warned.
Were you so foolish that you...
The glory and the splendor that could have been yours
throughout the ceaseless ages of eternity
is an awful price to pay.
Oh, my, what a fool.
Oh, my, what a fool.
Oh, to think that I could turn my back on God
and make it all my own.
My God, what a fool I've been.
How foolish can a person be?
Sir, I hope you haven't been the fool I've been.
My God, what a fool.
What a fool.
I like that feeling.
I like that feeling.



I like that feeling.
I like that feeling.
Bobby!
Bobby!
A policeman!
An English policeman is a Bobby!
Bob is with the Bobbies!
Bob!
Named after Sir Robert Peel.
Then there is the Bobby pin.
Yes, girls have Bobby pins.
Bobby pins in their hair.
Bobby pins everywhere.
And there are Bobby pins everywhere.
Bobby socks.
Yes.
Bobby's in socks.
Bobby socks.
All praise Bob, who is everywhere.
Yes, Bob.
Yes.
Yes, the Bobcats.
The links of America.
Something is happening here.
Apparently official.
That's bull.
And I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of it.

I'm tired of it.
I'm tired of it.

God bless the lovely Jack Garry
The next question most surely will be, what it means, right?
Does it have one?
it means nothing, it means everything.
It means whatever you want it to mean.
You know at the temple, they have a totally free society.
You know at the temple, they have a totally free society.

on all levels of artistic endeavor.
Particularly the two vital ones, art and music.
I see it, and I hear it.
I see it, and I hear it.
The history isn't made by conformists.
To make progress, you've got to break out of the mold.
You have to dare to experiment.
New ideas never go down easy.
Yeah, that's right.
Those new ideas never go down easy.
And, you know, the great thing is, dear friends,
we're getting all these calls.
Calls tonight, for some reason,
from folks who had never heard this show before
and possibly do not know that the Hour of Slack radio show
that you're listening to is a show produced
by the Church of the Subgenius.
Yes, it's a religious broadcast.
Preaching the word of not we, the hosts, nay, nay,
but of that man.
That saint of sales.
That living avatar of Slack.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The Slack master.
The living link between heaven and hell and earth.
The bridge that will take us to heaven.
We're talking about subgenius heaven,
not the one you may have been.
We're talking about the one you may have lied to about.
He will take us up, rupture us up,
on that mighty day, X Day, July 5th, 1998,
when the men from Planet X and the space goddesses
will lift us up into their escape vessels.
And on that day, my friend, on that day then,
you know, I hope you have found a way to do that.
And I hope you have figured out just what this Church
of the Subgenius radio show is all about.
And maybe this is a good time for me to give you
our post office box number again,
because you can get free information out of us.
Quite a bit of it.
Real easy.
All you got to do is send us a postcard
with your name and address.
Self-addressed stamped envelope to get you more.
And that address, dear friends, is, of course,
X Day.
Post office box.
1-4-0-3-0-6.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
That's a magic address for some of us.
Post office box.
1-4-0-3-0-6.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
And, you know,
there are those among the illuminated brethren
who have investigated this subject.
And all generally accept the historical existence
of the Dobbs and his personal founding of the Church,
but are still divided over the issue
of the origin of the Order.
A few, if any, seem willing to give the Dobbs
any credit for the basic tenets
of the Church.




One group, for example, speculates that the cult of Bob Dobbs originated in Atlantis,
arising out of an alchemical tradition that borrows from both the legend of Cheram Abiff
and the mysteries of the pre-Magean Persia.
The more these scholars investigate the matter, the older the Order of Subgenie Eon, the more


the Church's history of the Order of the
Yeti Anthropos becomes, until one day soon we shall discover that it existed before the
universe was created.
A second faction, led by Agronius Corlipa, maintains that the Church, and therefore the
Order, was founded by one Dr. Philo Drummond in the late twentieth century, and done so
in the same way that the specific Orders of the Dobbs.
Any attempts to relate this organization to other secret and mystic Orders are by their
very natures counterproductive.
That this organization is one with a most recent origin and rise to prominence in the
murky world of cults and splintered faith groups cannot be denied, despite what the
followers of Dobbs may tell you.
The fact is that J.R. Dobbs founded the Church and organized the hierarchical structure of
the Order of Subgenie Eon, and the financial programs in the early 1950s, at about the
same time another rogue subgenius, Elrond Hubbard, was putting together another such
organization but with a much more sinister goal.
America was looking for answers of some sort or another, preferably simple but profound
sounding ones, and the Church of the Subgenius was created to fill that gap.
The Dobbs had divined from his own personal encounters with the entity he referred to
as Yahweh Uno, that science did not remove the terror of the gods and acted accordingly.
His religion was one that could be pursued in one's spare time and at one's leisure.
There was no central dogma.
Members had to make up their own, and there were only a few simple rules to God's will.
The Church of the Subgenius was a religious organization that was a little bit more

Rather than repressing all forms of opposition to the consensus, like all Judeo-Christian
religions, the Church of the Subgenius encouraged aberrations of this sort.
Eternal salvation, or triple your money back, was an appealing and powerful come-on in those
troubled days, especially for those who wanted low-cost salvation and enlightenment on the
weekends.
The Church of the Subgenius, however, does not deny that the rituals and practices of
the Subgenius share many traits with other mystic orders that are indeed much older.
And in his all-encompassing work about the Church and the beliefs and practices of the
order, the anablepsis Geoffrey Higgins writes, quote,
The followers of Dobbs are quite ignorant of their origin.
But, by tradition, suppose themselves to be the spiritual heirs of the Yeti, Egyptians,
Chaldeans, Atlantides, Magi, and the Gymnosophists, the latter being the name given by Alexander
to the holy men of India who sat naked by the riverside and meditated unceasingly while
ingesting quantities of herbal extracts.
While there are arguments on both sides, there is a clear argument that the Church of the
Subgenius is not the only one who has been a part of the Church of the Yeti.
The general consensus among these factions is that a great deal of the attributed word
of Bob Dobbs and most accounts of the life of Dobbs are, for the most part, merely allegory
and should not be considered literally, quote, unquote, as they say here.
This does not mean that they are not teachings to live by or lack veracity.
It just means that the Dobbs may or may not have actually said or done certain things
credited to him when the flurry of various official biographies of the Church of the
Subgenius appeared shortly after he was reportedly struck down by an assassin's bullet on the
stage of a, quote, well-known San Francisco theater, unquote.
Indeed, the quantum universe demands this sort of reality, with the participation of
the observer a major factor in the interpretation of epiphenomena.
As to whether the Dobbs really died on that stage or whether, like the death of President
Kennedy, this was merely another orchestrated act of deception and confusion by the Church
of the Subgenius.

We shall never know.
History, after all, is no more than a tissue of lies and half-truths that historians generally
agree upon, and nobody seems to agree on this particular ripple in the local space-time
grid.
Well, that, uh, a little reading there actually is from, uh, the introduction to the book
Subgenius Myth by G. Gordon.
Gordon, and frankly, this trash, what is this, this bit of business here about the life of
Dobbs, for the most part, uh, uh, being merely allegory and should not be considered literally?
Look, I, my friends, it's in times like this that I, I feel, I feel sorry for America,
what America's come to when you can't, you know, when, when you can't, you know, when,
when you're, you're in the middle of preaching the word of Bob and suddenly you realize what
you're reading to the people is, is not orthodox.
It's modernistic.
It's fun, it's, it's non-fundamentalist, non-orthodox.
It's new experimental type Church of the Subgenius.
I don't want to have any part of it.
I'm Reverend Ivan Stang.
I'm an orthodox, Stangian orthodox, Mega Fist Temple Lodge co-founder under Dobbs of
the Mega Fist Temple Lodge, the original one in Dallas, where it all came from.
And I just, uh, the word of Dobbs is, uh, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm
a, job friends is to be taken literally.
Uh, literally.
And so, uh, I hope you take, because you can play, play around with your, you can go
out to any bookstore, pick up a book of the subgenius.
Any fool can read his own interpretation into it.
You can go down to any old Sam Warehouse, pick up a damn, uh, a Ryse videotape and then
read your own interpretation into it and you can still go to hell.
And the judgment, in the judgment.
Bob Dobbs is not going to look at whether you tried to be original with his revealed word, doctrine.
He's going to be looking to see whether you followed his advice,
whether you did what Bob said and disobeyed him in everything he told you to do.
Praise Bob and let there be slack.
Oh, yeah.
I see it and I hear it.
I see it and I hear it.
I see it and I hear it.
I see it and I hear it.
This is an electronic musical instrument called a synthesizer.
Get up!
There are different levers here.
If you feel well with your ears, then close your eyes.
Get up!
Listen to this.
One thing that you can do in this really.
Get up!
You can get up.

The next question most assuredly will be what is its meaning, right?
Educated version?
It means nothing.
It means everything.
Education andั
Education is what goes on

you start beingさい
ò
on all levels of artistic endeavors.
Particularly the two vital ones, art and music.
Yeah, that's right.
That's all this is.
It's just an art show.
It's just art.
It's satire.
That's what it is.
It's just a bunch of satire.
But I should actually give some credits
for the piece of music you just heard
was by Reverend Ray Samartano
from his new cassette,
Peeling the Big Blue Banana.
We've also been hearing quite a bit of KPFA,
subgenius show clips
with Dr. Howell and Puzzling Evidence
and all their many sound effects
bubbling away in the background.
Some preaching from Church of the New Faith
and the Bob Summoning Ritual,
which you heard the priest doing
with the one of the two.
And the woman screaming in the background,
well, that was Reverend Sly
and Dangerous Odds on WORT
up there in Madison.
Summoning Bob.
Bits of music by Svara Christensen also.
And the Judgment.
But you see the church in these latter days
is attempting to communicate
with all of those tender and twisted souls out there.
As well as those who are fired
with that burning inner hatred for the normals.
Some people cannot hate.
They can only join with others
who do their hating for them.
And they will pay for that privilege
of practicing their religion.
This church gives them both the guidance
and the freedom to work up a good steam of hate
and to use it without feeling guilt or remorse.
Hate.
Is the liberating force.
And if you are not free to hate,
then you are a slave to the conspiracy of the normals.
Saint Gordon was said to hold within him,
deep within him,
the ennobling fury embodied in the hate of thousands.
And he was able to draw upon this awesome power at will
to overcome his enemies.
This force was so powerful,
it was by many accounts
the only weapon that he ever needed,
or used.
There are accounts of G. Gordon Gordon's projected hate
triggering landmines
and blowing up munition dumps and police stations.
His hate alone.
Gordon was a man of extremely advanced abilities and powers
who needed no other protection
than his own inner powers.
And, dear friends,
I have a great deal of biographical information here
on G. Gordon Gordon,
the mysterious figure
and subgenius history.
And we are lucky to have tonight
a tape recording of G. Gordon Gordon himself
giving a deposition
regarding his moment of illumination
under J.R. Bob Dobbs.
We'll pick up his story
about shooting the giant Malaysian rats.
It's a little long.
We don't have enough time in this show
to play the rest of it,
the beginning of it.
But I think if we pick up here
and we'll put some appropriate
Malaysian music in the background,
G. Gordon Gordon discussing his days in Dobbstown, Malaysia
with his master, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Now, although Bob and I had done this a number of times,
nothing he had ever said to me
had led me to believe the man was more than just barely adequate
in the intelligence department.
He seemed to thrive on telling long and meandering stories
about his early days as a salesman.
And once or twice,
after sipping and fropping a little too much,
he had talked to me about mind-numbing situations
involving himself and various alien entities
that he either communicated with
or watched on television or both.
He was never really clear on that point.
Mostly, though, he just told me dirty jokes,
and I must admit that man could tell a good one.
Well, now, one night I went down to the dump as usual,
but I was delayed unduly on my walk down the hillside,
by a group of unruly young guerrillas
who thought that they could make a politically correct statement
by eradicating yours truly.
It was a well-staged, if simplistic, ambush,
and I was forced to spend a good three hours killing my way out.
Consequently, when I arrived at our happy hunting grounds,
the high heep-hawk had already come,
bagged his limit, and left.
But I could tell he'd been there by his spore,
which was scattered around in large quantities.
I called in a security flitter and was lifted back to the city.
After cleaning up a bit, I decided to pop across the minefield
and visit Dobbs to see how he'd fared with his evening's hunt.
I shall never forget that evening when enlightenment came to me.
I sent my identity pulse into the master computer at the door,
and I heard Bob himself tell me to come in over the portal speaker.
Well, I decided to test the sincerity of the man's offer,
and so I stood a further ten minutes, and I was ready to go.
I waited for the door to open,
and I waited for the door to open for about ten minutes in the light tropical rain,
which had meanwhile started falling,
until Connie, his wife, came and answered the door.
The lovely woman gave me a fetching leer as she escorted me through the compound.
I passed through the security maze and entered the great salon in Dobbs' suite.
Well there sat my mentor,
casual and languid, dressed in a smoking jacket and soft gabardine slacks,
seated at a cutting table with a large basket of freshly fried
Malaysian rice.

He turned to the kitchen table to hard spins and 페 possono terle brat for概念
l Broadway.
All the simply uncivilized minds got off guard.
On the stage he punishes him,
and botches at arobate at a Uruguayan commander.
Hello?
My name is Riley Mone,
and I am a employeur on the Balcony.
I am the ref kneading machine,
crispy delicacies and the effulgent odor of wok fried rodent wafted to my nostrils most pleasingly.
Bob looked at the basket and then at me mischievous lights flickering in his vapid blue eyes.
No, he said very emphatically. Recognizing that he was attempting to teach me an important and
universal truth, I decided to take a different logical tap. Bob, I said a second time, do you then
perhaps have any freshly cooked and oh so crispy rats in that basket? No, my master said a second
time, beaming all the while like a radiant bodhisattva and sending up clouds of smoke that circled his
bland and chiseled brows like a soft and fluffy wreath. He had thus put me into a situation of being
in a logical cleft stick from which I had but one recourse if I wanted to break free. Bob, I said a
third time,
my mouth dry with anticipation and my hands greasy with the sweat that comes from the fear of failing
your illuminated master. Bob, do you then have rats in that basket? Yes, said Dobbs with a benign
gesture of arcane significance and from that day forth we became the greatest of friends.
I must confess that this was the only time I ever received such insight directly from the mouth of
the E-popped himself.
Although his deeds were forever a constant source of inspiration for me.
And would you attest this power to raise demons of Mesopotamian and Egyptian origins to the Church of the
Sechenius?
Yes, yes, I think you should flirt with the old man.


I think you should do everything you can. Dance on the edge of the abyss, by all means.
Have you seen our new catalog item on how to do justice, how to raise minor deities, demons, gods, and goddesses?
We got a little hair-raising thing here while we're on the subject of genitals.
Sacrifice an animal and kill it! It won't cover my sins! Sacrifice a human in a fire like Abel! It won't cover all his sins! Sacrifice God's only begotten Son on the cross with nail and flu-rim! Let who will raise all the sins of everyone!
This is why we killed him! His death is not over! He rose from the dead! We will all rise from the dead!
But non-Christians will stay dead! Did he die again after rising from the dead?
No, he went away, but he will come again when all dead Christians hop out of their graves and kill Satan! Life's a life of the living dead!
Like zombies, we will kill Satan! Sleep is death! Crack zombies are already dead! Die! Kill!
There'll be young people at the judgment.
Jesus said it'd be better for you to have a milestone about your neck and cast into the sea than to be the cause of one of these little ones to stumble, indicating that it's possible to cause a child to stumble and to miss the way.
If a man, woman, or young person does not know Jesus Christ and the forgiveness of sin, that person will face the wrath of God at the judgment.
The Bible says,
He that hath the Son hath life, but he that hath not the Son of God, the wrath of God abides on him.
The judgment will be no respect to thee. The old and the young will be there.
Call the next defendant, Betty Cunningham, to the bar.
The judgment will be no respect to thee. The old and the young will be there.

Young lady, because you have never accepted Jesus Christ as your Savior, you must go to hell.
Oh, please. I don't want to go to hell.
Why, I'm only 14 years old. I'm too young.
I never even had a chance to be a Christian.
But I'd like to be saved. Couldn't I become a Christian now?
No, child. It is too late.
But you wouldn't send a person to hell who never had a chance, would you?
But you had an opportunity when you were seven years old.
June 2, 1968.
Oh.
Betty, you're too young. Betty, you're older. You have plenty of time.
But you saw how my parents wouldn't let me go. It's their fault that I'm lost. It's their fault.
Why wouldn't you let me go?
There were other times that I have dealt with you, but you would have none of it.
When was it that you dealt with me?
December 18, 1974.
Betty, for as long as I've known Christ, I've tried to make him real to you.
When are you going to accept him and be saved?
I don't know, Cindy. I don't want to hurt your feelings, but religion just isn't my thing.
There's plenty of time.
I'm just not interested right now.
Betty, one of these days you're going to stand before God, and you'll wish a thousand times you'd taken the chance to accept him.
But it'll be too late.
No, child. You are lost and there is no place found for you except the lake of fire prepared for the devil and his angels.
Take her away.
No. No. No, I'm too young.
I don't want to go.
Mama!
Daddy!
Help me!
Yeah, your mommy and daddy are in there too. Everybody's in there.
Except for the 144 chosen.
We seem to have lost our signal from the stadium.
In the meantime, let's join the Real World Network and the Drew Mello Love Show in progress.
Hi, I'm Drew Mello, and this is the Love Show.
I'm very deeply pleased that you could be with me tonight.
I hope I can transmit a little happiness your way while you're tuned in.
Gee, how about the weather? Isn't it something?
I...
Oh, well, I haven't seen much of it recently myself.
Seems like the only time I'm outdoors is getting into and out of my car.
Maybe I should do that more often.
Oh, well.
And we'll be right back with our first song after this.
Bob is everywhere!
And there is the Bobo Link!
American migratory songbird in fields and meadows.
The Bobo Link.
Bob is the Link.
Bob is the Link.
Bob is everywhere.
Bob is in your car.
I got a real nice car.
It's a bobsled.
You see my new sled?
There's the Bob White.
There's the Bob Red.
There's the Bob Black.
There's the Bob Yellow.
Bob White.
White North American.
Whale.
Bob is everywhere.
Bob is everywhere.
Bob is spreading out from the church.
The soft genius.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob!
Bob is bobbing about.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob!
Bob for apples.
Bob for fruits.
Bob for grapes.
Bob for drinks.
Bob for cow dung.
Bob for 데� keto.

Bob for nuts.












