My friends, it is very simple.
It's not hard to understand at all.
Brought to you by nobody.
Hi, Bob.
Thank you, Lemur.
Friends, some of you may have heard me whining and griping about how this dang show is taking too dang much time from books that we'd like to be publishing,
and that I was going to have to streamline some things or use more reruns or something.
Well, this one is streamlined.
That is, it's basically an uncut 45 minutes with Lonesome Cowboy Dave on the phone, followed by a Psychoskeletons instrumental.
But it starts with a 10-minute orchestral suite by the Rudy Schwartz Project called Demonstration.
Demonstration of the Peach and the Brush.
Demonstration of the Peach and the Brush.
Demonstration of the Peach and the Brush.
Demonstration of the Peach and the Brush.
Demonstration of the Peach and the Brush.
Demonstration of the Peach and the Brush.
Demonstration of the Peach and the Brush.
Demonstration of the Peach and the Brush.
Well, how do you feel?
Every time you play this record, you will derive greater benefit from it, both physically and psychologically.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Hello?
It's Dave.
Who's the faster?
He's the faster?
Hell, why?
That's not the same thing as I was saying.
It's just saying when you talk to people, I say, hey, what's up, or something like that.
You say, that means what's lost.
And then they come back to you.
The dog got lost.
And you're supposed to go, oh, and point fingers at each other and make these huge excretions.
You know, like these F-P-H-A-R-T-Z that are so loud and menacing that they made schools close.
Those Germans are a funny race.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Pick a liver.
Pick a liver.
See, I made a poem.
That was well said, too.
I have to concur with Montage on that one.
Actually, it's pretty bad.
I think I pretty much kind of ruined the last line.
Well, it's a difficult last line.
It's not for Slovan or Pokemon or something like that.
It could have been something shorter, like, and all the while his loins are quiver.
Yeah.
It's only funny because it's said in this silly, semi-German sounding accent.
Yeah, it's like Lolita, only without the hair lip.
Well.
I mean, wow.
Yeah.
The movie's never as good as the comic book, you know.
The movie's never as good as the video game.
It's getting that way.
Well, I'm hearing a buzz now.
That must be.
How come I didn't hear a buzz when you called me back?
I'm sorry.
I'm listening for the buzz.
I heard that if you do focus on the buzz in a form of meditation, you'll get three wishes from a genie in a bottle.
I don't know if it's the same bottle we all drank from, or.
Well, I mean, at least you'll probably get the bottle.
The genie is not really guaranteed.
Do you think you can close off a city of, say, 21 million people, a conglomerate of cities running into each other, of going to about 20 million people and, you know, say no viruses will be allowed to go in there?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Although.
Although it calls to mind the predicament of the people in Wuhan, China, who are all dying of a huge infectious Contrero virus.
Isn't that what it's called?
Yes.
No walruses?
Oh, no viruses.
Sorry.
Well, some people call it a Cervasivirus because you drink it daily.
Like you drink soporific milk if you were an underage child.
Wow.
Some kind of buzz just came in sounding like a tidal wave, Dave.
Yeah, it's very loud right now.
Or a Boeing 747.
Yeah, it's pretty loud.
That's strange.
What did you do?
Your phone needs a bath, Dave, or else you do.
Or a degausser.
I remember my friend from Romania, Moodoo, or Hoodoo, whatever his name was.
I forget his name now.
But he made some pretty strange salami sandwiches and some packs with the devil that you just would not.
You couldn't believe because you're incapable of believing it.
Well, packs with the devil and salami sandwiches do go together.
However, the drone buzz returned and then it left.
For a few moments, you had the...
Yeah, it got replaced by the sound of crunching cardboard.
It sounds like somebody crunching up cardboard on and off in the background.
That's the illegal immigrant business you've got going in the basement.
You've got 20 young Polish girls down...
That's your basement, Dave.
Working for $2 a week.
His dementia is getting so much worse so fast.
That's your basement, Dave.
We don't have Polish girls in Texas.
You're in Cleveland, remember?
That's where they keep all the Polish girls.
Okay, maybe they're from Oaxaca then, or...
God, listen to that.
I think he's...
Well, you want to go on the other phone?
I think his phone has that Nora...
What is the...
It's a new name for...
Darn it.
Coronavirus, it's called.
That's my report.
One of my...
Right-wing correspondents who I never respond to,
and I don't really want to read this horrible stuff that he sends 10 times a day,
he was basically informing us all that we're all going to die.
Jeez, thanks for reminding us.
It's not like something we could get out of if he didn't...
Well, no, he meant of this virus.
And his main complaint was not that everybody was going to die,
of this terrible disease,
but the Hillary press didn't know how to report it,
even though it's the most important news happening.
Oh, the other most important news he said,
oh, she also blamed us not knowing on the liberal press,
the Hillary press,
which is all press that's not extremely right-wing biased.
I see.
Yeah.
He said that they've invented a cure for cancer in England.
Oh.
Actually, even the British...
The British tabloid that he was getting this news from said,
we think maybe this could be really good.
It did seem like it was some magic cure-all for cancer,
which, of course, makes the whole story suspect.
Yes.
And the fact that it comes from a, you know,
the Daily Mail or something like that makes you kind of...
Which is like the British Inquirer.
Yeah, it's kind of like getting your news...
This is a liar rag, and it has all these stories like Russian diplomat is actually alien,
and they'll do a really poorly Photoshopped...
Copy picture, like have a real high forehead, like it's full of brains that are bad brains.
Well, that is how they look.
Well, yeah.
I don't know why they have to Photoshop them.
They got plenty of pictures of them.
Oh, it's called the royal family.
Yeah, that's what I could never figure out either.
The deformed-looking skulls.
I don't...
That's another thing.
Why are people so stupid that even in this country,
they have to constantly be harping about these two British royals
that decided they'd had enough of that hogwash and moved to Canada?
Canada.
Big deal.
Good for them.
Canada is more anti-monarchal,
even though it's supposed to be policy in the United States
that we defeated the British crown and got our freedom and stuff like that.
Canadians are far more anti-monarch than we are.
It is America.
We have some kind of really stupid...
Try jumping up and down.
Your voice is getting worse.
Want to try it on the...
Cell phone?
I guess so.
Okay.
I'll call you on your cell phone.
Okay.
I look...
Okay.
Okay, mate.
All right.
Now I can turn the music back up, Princess.
Oh, you put the music away because of the drone?
Yeah, it's just too much.
There's just too much.
I mean, I'm deaf.
I can't hear everything at once anymore.
I wonder.
I'm lucky to be able to hear one thing at a time.
I wonder.
The music in the background.
The music in the background is...
Why did I push that button?
Einstein's Secret Orchestra, witch disco album,
which has Dave playing guitar on it.
Now I've just got to get Dave at home.
It sounds very witch disco-y.
Butchkin's Pizza Pad.
Hey, man, did you uncop a buzz?
I uncopped a buzz.
What I thought was really weird is as soon as I hung up,
I thought maybe I'd give it a little chance to see if I could sneakily...
hear it not buzzing.
And it was not buzzing.
Well, no, after you hang up, it'll quit buzzing.
That's for sure.
That's the wonderful thing about the buzz.
At least you won't hear it when you hang up.
But the sound now, it is clear.
Well, but this is a different phone.
Oh.
Yeah, but it returned and then it went away again.
That's what I'm saying.
Seems to have a mind of its own or some other false venusial article.
Dave, if it has a mind of its own, it's the only one in the house.
With any mind at all.
It is.
Well, at least I'm safe.
Somebody is right.
You want to put it that way?
It's good to have a mind in the house.
Yes.
A mind.
A mind.
It sounds like a drug you'd taken in the late 20,000, 20 thousands.
A mind.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Look, I didn't get my dose of a mind today.
So I have a small mind.
I have a long mind instead of...
I was just going to do a comparison of realistic dementia commercials.
They're like so-and-so with so-and-so can help with dementia.
Anybody who knows anybody who's had dementia that you have to stay clear of knives and
baseball bats and football shoes and...
Right.
And then for the next five minutes, somebody very, very quickly lists all the bad things
it can do to you.
May increase incontinence.
May increase irritability.
May cause suicide.
May, you know, just on and on and on.
Dave, a little while ago, we were talking about the tragic and deadly virus that has
appeared in China that's leapfrogging from individual to individual, just like wildfire,
like the Australian bushfires or the Californian bushfires or the American poverty or the American
brain cells are burning out all over the country.
The school textbooks become more and more like Texas school textbooks.
Well, you're just saying that because you hate the president because you hate him so
much.
Yeah.
That's what all you liberals all hate him so much.
Yeah, it's just hate.
That's all we can do is hate.
We have no agenda, no progressive ideas at all.
All we have is we're trying to really tick off the stupid people.
That's all liberals have.
That's all they can do.
It's just...
They can do anything they can do, whether it helps or hurts themselves, as long as it's
angering the dumb people.
That is how I think as a liberal.
That's my motivation for living, too.
Yeah, I learned it from the conservatives.
I learned it from them, actually.
Because they started it with the, nah-ah, you did?
Everything is, nah-ah, you are.
Nah-ah, you are?
Nah-ah, you are.
That's the dialectic today.
That's because he's texting you, nah-ah.
Nah-ah, you are.
Yeah, it's the nah-ah, you are.
He's in a text.
Decade.
Uh-huh.
And self-righteousness, self-righteous anger is the marijuana of the 2020s.
Yeah, but it's not the kind, you know?
No, it's not the kind.
It's the opposite.
It's the cruel.
It's far from the kind.
But it works equally well for leftards and rightards.
They can both enjoy righteous...
They can get high as hell.
...on righteous indignation over what...
And not...
...the other guy is saying, according to their friends.
Yeah, I noticed that, too.
It's called cognitive dissonance when you do it from the other side of the propaganda machine,
which is like Schmell, George's Schmell, I guess his name was, the German propagandist,
during World War II.
He explored all those...
No, no, you're living in the past.
Now, the new propagandist is Sean Hannity.
Huh.
Yeah, you're living in the past.
The new Nazi propagandist is Sean Hannity.
Well, Frank...
Hannity.
What you might find unusual and interesting to hear is that, you know, after doing the communications bit and stuff like that,
he actually did write down all the things that Hannity did that were right out of the Father Coughlin book of the 1940s
when they were trying to get America to join the war on Germany's side.
Right.
And Father Coughlin was not a very, you know, he's a priest, but he wasn't a very good Christian,
because, you know, he wanted to...
Because he wanted to kill more people than save.
Yeah.
Well, only 144,000 can be saved.
That's how big the memory is in my computer.
Which holds the book of life of saved subgeniuses.
And it taps out at 144,000.
Luckily, we've still got 100,000 to go.
Well, that makes complete and total sense.
That's the way it should be.
I think if I were to start my own country, my own universe, my own private world,
that's the way I'd want to have it.
Or if I want to have anything.
Well, we won't have to worry about much of anything much longer.
Because, okay, you think this Chinese coronavirus...
That's why you said Cervasa.
Now I get it.
You said Cervasavirus.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah.
It's Corona.
It's Corona.
It's Cervasavirus.
So for David.
It's the Cervasa.
Okay.
Yes, with the lime on top.
The Cervasavirus.
Well, Dave, at least that Chinese brand new virus that no one knows how to control,
at least it's from our time.
Yeah, wow.
Here's a nice little interesting bit that came.
This was the result of a joint Chinese and American study in Tibet.
Welp.
Scientists found 28 new virus groups.
In a melting glacier.
28 previously undiscovered viruses, which were trapped in Arctic ice from 15,000 years ago.
And scientists are concerned that ancient pathogens and toxic chemicals may be released
into the environment.
May.
May.
They have been.
That's been ongoing.
When they say May, that means it's too late.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They drilled a 164-foot hole into a glacier.
Got ice core samples and looked at them.
And of course, these glaciers are all melting.
And they're racing the clock to collect, identify, and catalog the microbes found in ancient ice.
Having a record of these bacteria, viruses, and fungi plants paints a sharper picture of our prehistoric past
and could be valuable for use in studying future pathogens.
And meltwater from Arctic ice could ferry harmful pathogens.
Along streams, rivers, and other waterways.
Exposing humans to new microbes.
Of course, ice isn't the only thing melting in the Arctic.
Thawing permafrost creates its own unique set of challenges.
Gases like methane and carbon dioxide, which have been trapped in the long frozen earth,
are being released, farted, into the atmosphere at alarming rates.
I added that word.
Permafrost...
Yeah, well, it's making methane...
...houses...
...is methane, so why not?
There's twice as much carbon locked in the permafrost than what's found in the atmosphere.
So that, we have that to look forward to.
In recent years, researchers have pulled samples of smallpox, Spanish flu, bubonic plague,
and even anthrax from thawing permafrost.
Lovely.
And there's mercury trapped in the reservoirs beneath Alaskan permafrost.
The global seed vault...
Why did that...
...seed vault...

...which houses the world's largest supply of plant seeds, flooded due to slumping permafrost.
Slumping permafrost.
It's like slackage in permafrost.
Slackage.
The company that stores Sweden, Finland's, and Canada's spent nuclear fuel atop permafrost
is any slumping or sagging could potentially jeopardize the integrity of the permafrost.

Of those nuclear waste containment systems.
I can't remember.
Countless other buildings and even Alaskan cemeteries are in jeopardy of structural damage wrought by destabilized permafrost.
Oh, these snowflakes, they're just making up this.
I don't have any permafrost on my boots.
You see any permafrost on my boots?
Nah, it's a hoax.
It's just I put money in Al Gore's pocket so he could pay for his fancy electrical lights there, and he's...
He's a giant ranch there.
They just made that up.
It's a Chinese hoax.
Permafrost.
There's no such thing. I don't see it.
Do you see any on me?
What a way to celebrate Chinese New Year.
I mean, it's today or tomorrow or the next day.
It's Chinese New Year.
I think we're starting a whole new beautiful, wonderful beginning.
As either the hare or as the mango.
I forget which plant we are this year.
But there's a silver lining to all this.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, while scientists have discovered a seemingly endless series of terrifying plagues, diseases, and chemicals in thawing permafrost and melting ice,
the Great Thaw has also revealed long-lost treasures from an earlier time.
Last year, scientists discovered an 18,000-year-old doggo trapped in permafrost just outside the Siberian capital.
It still had a lush, velvety coat and was cute as a button.
Well, it may probably be a wolf.
Researchers have also unearthed mammoths, more wolves, and arctic mummies lusting for the flesh of the diseased living.
Oh, I love arctic mummies.
Arctic mummies.
It's one of my favorite diseases.
And if I could live anywhere I want to, I'd be out in the rain somewhere with my own private swimming pool and have a university degree.
I'd be in the university in the background so I could see all kinds of baronicky teacher women walking by.
And that would be it for me for the next 25 minutes, you know what I mean, man?
Well, I'm sure you don't, but...
It's the dreams of Dave.
Yeah, the hallucinations of Dave, too.
He is dreaming.
Not the dreams.
Of nubile young college girls while he's in his own swimming pool.
Hey, did I tell you about stupid amalgam?

Stupid America? That's a new magazine.
Actually, it's a blog website.
Stupid America?
StupidAmerica.net. No, you have to spell it with an I.
Oh, Stupid America, okay.
You can't spell it like our critics spell it when they're telling us we're stooped.
Let's say stooped.
Is that with two O's or with an E?
With an E, yeah.
This is, yeah, I've been told that.
You're stupid.
Yeah, especially with dumplings and burgers.
That was a criticism of our new...
Numa Numa video.
Alfred E. Newman, he's behind everything.
He's one of those secret master spies who never could die.
That's another project for us.
Alfred E. Numa Numa.
How do we do that one?
Well, you have to make a small P so it looks like he's a saint or something.
So it would be small P, large N-E-U-A-M-A.
It's been there, done that.
Oh, okay.
Dave, I got some good news about our terrible news.
Our terrible news was that after doing this long calculation just the other day,
I determined that the great novel Neighbor World by Dave DeLuca has sold, get this, get ready,
a grand total of, and this is the number, 191 copies.
Get out of here.
Well, I told you that yesterday, actually.
We're saving you after this, right?
But here's the other thing.
I forgot it was so close.
191.
I mentioned that to my mentor, Onan Kanobait, who's been self-publishing with print-on-demand books for 18 years.
And he said in all those years, he's never sold more than about five, maybe ten of any given book of his,
many of which are not by him.
They're reprints of old obscure weirdos.
That he found and likes.
The only one that has sold more than ten or so copies is reprints of, let me see if I can say this right,
the Ekinodon, some Greek philosopher, let's call him Epicurus.
Yes.
Whatever.
He wrote the Ekinodon, I've read it on our Slack.
It's a religion devoted to sandwiches.
Actually, this guy was the deacon.
Bill Carnegie of his time.
And it's actually pretty good advice.
Anyway, that one has sold about the same number of copies.
Under 200 copies.
Same as Neighbor World.
That's his most popular self-published book.
So, you're selling at least as well as Epicurus.
Or Epicurus or whatever.
Epicurus.
Yeah, you're selling that well.
You're as famous and widely read as him.
Only I guess there's other editions of his work.
There's a couple other guys like Aggie Memnon.
You ever heard of that guy?
Yeah, they're the dumbest football team in Texas, man.
They can't Memnon anything.
Don't wet your pants trying to be silly.
God has a mission and a method for all of us.
You're right.
In this stinky little cabin in the woods.
But there you go.
But there you go.
Oh my God.
I don't know where it was we went, but we went there.
Wherever you go, there you are.
Well, there's a whole bunch of our Slack listeners that have been downloading this show.
They still haven't bought Dave's book.
I know because we get more than 191 downloads.
Quite a lot more.
Of this stupid show.
Which we're just making up as we go along.
Dave's book is very tightly crafted.
Dave's book.
Dave's book is enough to renew a person's joy in the love of reading.
Actually, I read a review of it yesterday online.
I should have printed it up.
It was an interesting way of saying it.
Tony, Terry Gilliam?
I mean, well, not Terry Gilliam.
It was a scary review of your book.
Oh, cool.
Yeah, it was a strange book that crept along and would keep creeping back in on me.
Yeah.
It was a story I had written long after you'd finished it with infectious thoughts where
you're going, well, it's true there wasn't much of a romantic interest in that book.
It's true that the main character's kind of hard to identify with if you're a normal human being.
But I don't think we've ever tried to sell the book.
to any of those.
That's not what this outreach is about.
That's right.
That's right.
Who died in Monty Python?
Yeah, it's for very special people.
Who just died in Monty Python?
Terry Jones.
I mean,
who's the guy in Monty Python
who just died?
The giant fat guy.
The huge fat guy
that ate the one last thin wafer
and died and exploded.
The guy that played the piano
in the beginning or the organ.
He's dead.
Terry.
He's dead.
I mean,
I think only
half the Fireside Theater
is still left
and half Monty Python
can still ambulate some
and talk, sort of.
Maybe we should put them together
and get them to mate.
Oh, it's too late.
They're like that.
You never know, though.
They'd be like horse flies,
you know what I mean?
It wouldn't make sense.
Who could make a saddle that small,
you know what I'm saying?
There's a 118-year-old Galapagos tortoise
that has practically repopulated
the Galapagos tortoise rice.
Yeah, I heard of that guy.
He's quite a lover.
If he can do it,
Monty Python and those last two
Fireside Theater guys on Walkers
ought to be able to do it.
No, there's no Carol Cleveland,
should I say, in Monty Python terms.
There's no hot babe
who doesn't have too many lines
but still commands all the action.
She can walk into the room.
No, they had some of those
in Monty Python.
In Fireside Theater,
you never knew if they did
because they weren't on TV.
Right, you'd hear their voice
in the background.
That's like Airsats Brothers coffee
but it still doesn't make any sense
to tomorrow, at least.
The female voices on Fireside Theater
albums were usually wives,
Tiny and Una
and a few others.
I know Tiny,
sort of.
I haven't seen her in years.
I know Tiny
for some of these years.
I know Tiny
after quite a few beers.
I'll stand in the shadow.
I'll stand in the light.
I asked Fireside Theater guy
David Austin,
I said,
how come you guys never were on TV
like Monty Python?
And he said,
well, we were hippies.
It was the short version.
So we never really had an agent.
We were happy doing what we were doing.
We couldn't believe we were so lucky
we could produce these albums.
And, you know, looking back on it,
they did have the wrong haircuts for TV.
Right.
And having the wrong haircut
is the worst thing you can do in life.
When St. Peter opens up the golden book,
it's the terminus of our own railroad
and stuff like that.
He's going to say,
what have you done for your fellow man?
And I'm going to say,
I ain't done nothing I don't plan on.
And he'll say,
then he'll say something about
K-Ron and the River Styx
or something like that.
Where does the haircut come in, Dave?
When did they kick you out?
Oh, yeah, that's right.
That's the ancient Anglo-Saxons
when they took over Britain
and started cutting everybody's hair.
They gave them all those
like pudding pump drop haircuts.
He's not tracking, Princess Marie.
He's not tracking at all.
I believe he is,
but it's at another level.
We just can't understand it yet.
When we hear the tape back
four or five times,
we'll understand it.
Yes, then we'll finally
pick up on the Dave track.
That doesn't always happen.
Very often it does.
Sometimes I listen back to it
and I go, no, it really is just complete.
Well, sometimes absurdity
is supposed to be absurdity.
It's not all supposed to make sense, you know.
Yeah, it is.
Even absurdity has to have some
vestige of connection to the haircuts.
I mean, like human words perhaps
or just sounds can make
a whole world of differences.
Out of the void.
Anyway, all I know is
once St. Peter sees your haircut or mine,
pull the lever, down you go.
That's it.
It's an unforgivable sin.
That's it.
Pull the lever, down you go.
We're going to burn in hell with our hair.
I'm not stealing lines from Jane or Jane
or got that line from
Brother Roloff or some preacher.
I believe you.
Rolled off Brother Roloff
and
and
, uh,
That was the one who liked it.
Brother Roloff and Peter Popoff
ought to get together and mate
and have a little crazy creature.
Popoff, oh yeah.
Popoff and Roloff.
They're both real names.
A legume
tangled with Peter Popoff.
Yes, I believe.
Up close and personal.
I remember that.
Wearing a priestly top.
In a sexual way
or they were dressed up
in the same kind of clothes or what?
He basically walked up and said,
hey, we're in kind of the same business.
Popoff is famous
for being a charlatan.
Who reads minds by radio reports
coming in over little headphones,
little earbuds he's got in his ear
and his special helpers
quiz the people who come to see
Peter Popoff preach.
And they write down little notes.
And so that when Peter Popoff
can then stand up and go,
I see a person who's got diabetes
and they need money real bad
and they're wearing a red shirt.
Is there anybody here like that?
And the guy will stand up and he'll go,
I see in my mind,
that your wife is sick too.
And it's all this stuff
which they just told the guy's assistants.
Now, the reason we know this
is because people have recorded
the little broadcasts
done at these church revivals
and played them back.
So you could hear the preacher's staff cheating.
He's not reading any minds.
He's listening to spy material on headphones.
Whereas in subgenius,
why we just make up a bunch of hooey
and it's still cheating.

We're not using psychic anything.
We just, you can just yell.
I know somebody here is having financial problems.
And by golly, everybody in the room will stand up and go,
how did you know it's a miracle?
You don't need no assistants doing R and D for you.
I'm sorry.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Dave, are you speaking through a blanket or a pillow?
I am a blanket or a pillow.
How does it sound now?
Better than it did a second ago.
You're not using your coffee cup sound filter again, are you?
No, I have the one with the Bob image on the side.
Yeah.
Did it finally break your old styrofoam cup
that had the bottom torn out?
That was his special effects filter.
Because then he could talk like this.
See, it was a toilet paper roll
and you can't even do it without one.
You're just making it up as you're going along.
Get yourself a toilet paper.
Yeah.
Roll and talk or beer can.
A beer can with the beer exalted like in the days of our Lord.
I can bring you one because I save them for the dogs.
Toilet paper rolls?
Yes.
The dogs like to play with them as toys.
I put one piece of dog food into the middle of it
and then I fold the ends and it takes the dog a long.
Time to open it up and get food out.
Okay, Boomer.
Okay, Boomer.
Answer me this, Boomer.
Why didn't you save the world?
Why didn't you stop all the crap from happening?
Why did you let them do it, Boomer?
Why did you just sit back and not even protest
while they just squandered?
You squandered it.
You squandered your grandchildren's world deliberately, Boomer.
How dare you be born between 1946 and 90?

You ought to be tried for war crimes, Boomer.
Yep.
That's the way I see it, too.
The Boomers are the ones that made up ecology.
Yeah, but they didn't make it happen.
They just talked about it.
They had better demonstrations than everybody else did, too.
Yeah, I know, but they allowed it.
But it didn't work.
That's why the Boomers must die.
Their protests didn't work.



The rich people continued to rape the planet,
using the Boomers as penises, and it's all our fault.
That's right.
Earth Day didn't raise anyone's consciousness.
If we had managed to not be born between 1946 and 1966,
everything would be fine now.
Yep.
Because no humans before 1946 or after 1966
used any resources at all.
And they had to fight with other age groups,
with really cool names like Gen Xs and stuff like that.
And then they have like ancient,
like one of the jousting tournaments,
where they get swords and stuff like that,
and ride on a horse with a pylon,
and club each other down, stuff like that.
And one of them would be named the King.
My son said,
what these millennials forget,
what these millennials forget is that
there's a generation between them and Boomers
that hates them both.
There's two, isn't there, aren't there?
I don't know.
I can't count that high.
I'm old.
Yeah.
Well, apparently, I believe that we must have used up
a lot of the resources.
I think we must have used up a lot of science books
and history books,
because apparently those aren't getting read.
And I think I said this before on the show.
If I was a little kid,
I'm sorry.
We may have used up.
We may have used up the brain cells.
I was just trying to figure out how,
if I was a little child during that period of time,
how am I responsible for doing all this crap?
Right.
At age of five,
were you supposed to say to your parents,
no, I don't want that toy battleship,
because the plastics in it
might get into the ocean in 50 years?
Exactly.
Or exactly the poet.
Yeah.
You got that one by the short hairs.
And when you were 12 or so,
why didn't we say,
no, mom, don't drive me the 10 miles to school.
I'd rather ride a bike.
Yeah.
Or how about,
don't demonstrate a nuclear bomb out on the desert there.
It's so pretty just before sunset.
You know?
Yeah, we didn't stop them.
Well, actually, the bomb tests were before we were born,
before 46.
So that's okay.
That's because we didn't,
we didn't stop them.
Or no.
I mean, somebody there,
where else was the world going to get the valuable chemical trinitite,
which only grows at nuclear bomb testing sites?
That's a true thing, by the way.
Wow.
What does trinitite do?
It's stubbed my foreskin.
What is it used for?
It's collected by Mr. Orsistar.
For what?
Because it's trinitite.
It's sand that's been turned into glass
by the intense nuclear blast.
Ah, I see.
Is it radioactive or is it just interested in parties?
Yeah, it's not enough to count.
It's not like, you know, it's not like...
Maybe it's old and can't count that high, you know?
Yeah, it's not like being on the set of The Conqueror,
which was all filmed at a nuclear test site.
And then they brought the dirt back from the nuclear test site
because the producer, Howard Hughes, wanted it to be authentic,
wanted the same color dirt.
It was highly radioactive dirt,
and almost everyone who worked on that movie died of cancer,
including John Wayne, who played Genghis Khan,
sounding kind of like this.
You Mongols had better do what I say because I'm the Khan.
That's short for a conspiracy.
You got me, cowboy?
Sure, Marion.
He had makeup on his face.
He had makeup on his eyes to make him kind of slanty-eyed.
Yes.
Kind of Asiatic-looking.
The big bruiser, Texan type of a Mongol.
Who was like J. Edgar Hoover,
who liked to be real macho when he was gay as hell.
That's what I find very interesting about America,
like J. Edgar Hoover, all the things he did to Martin Luther King
and everybody else who was involved in civil rights,
and yet at the same time,
he was just crazy.
Yeah, he wasn't exactly just plain ordinary gay, was he?
He was into some real kinky stuff.
And yet at the same time, he—
Certainly by the standards of those days.
Nowadays, it's like, well, Yankee high schools, you can do that.
Not Texas, hell no.
Texas, you better get a haircut.
It's appropriate for your sex.
Even if you don't—
Even if you don't have any hair, you know,
that's what I like about the great Emerald Star,
and Lone Star State is the fact that you can get so easily lost there
because it's so big.
Well, the funny thing is a whole lot of the old Texas po-buckers my age
have long ponytails just like me.
They want to look like—
They want to wear the haircut that they wanted to wear in high school,
but they weren't allowed to.
Now they're retired, and nobody can tell them to get a haircut,
and they all have these Willie—
and they all turned into Willie Nelson.
And they probably smoked reefers, a bunch of them, or wood,
if their nephews showed up with some, you know.
Yeah, but they could wear like little spindly parthenets on their head,
you know, instead of taking up two or three big ponytails,
they could have a little bunch of little teeny tiny ponitas crawling out of their skin.
They still ain't going to legalize that or evolution or knowledge, basically.
True, truthful, scientific type knowledge is kind of frowned upon in this state.
Any form of government help or welfare for the extremely sick or mentally ill,
they're pretty much, you know, they tell you to die.
And it works.
Yep.
They die.
Every time I've tried it, every time I've tried it, I've almost died.
I guess I was trying to get somebody else to die, but I couldn't do it, you know.
And they just come right back on me like I was a—what's it called?
A baseball player or something.
I know that they want us to die here in Texas because even Oklahoma,
even Arkansas has medical.
They legalize medical in Arkansas and Oklahoma.
But Texas, oh no.
Texas.
We'd never do anything so, whatever it is, Yankee, smart.
California.
We don't do smart things here.
This is Texas.
You don't understand.
This is Texas.
I know what you're talking about, man.
Sometimes I do.
Yeah.
That's why I'm here.
I'm back here to be a thorn in the side of this thorny, thorny state.
It's kind of pointless, like declaring war on God.
It's the thorniest damn state in the whole world.
I'm a thorn in the side of the Union.
It just makes me want to cry a river.
A river.
How was it?
Well-spoken, I must add.
Well, Dave, it's 40 minutes and you must be getting hungry.
And I must be about to play some kind of music or collage or something that has to do with Bob.
That was 40 minutes?
Yeah.
Really?
Well, there was a lot of futzing.
Futsing, you say?
Cardboard crumpling.
Cardboard crumpling.
Yeah.
Tsunamis.
Okay, well, that makes sense because I have to take these pills.
The reason why I have to take these pills is because I have to eat them while they have food at the same time.
So I plan every late afternoon to have these various pills that I must eat with.
Oh, I do that in the morning.
We understand.
I don't have one.
I have to eat pills with food and food with food.
With pills.
Yes.
It's the best way.
It's the best way.
What's that?
Um, so, and I know you need to go and I need to go too.
Okay.
In a different way.
Well, they're all pretty much the same no matter what you do.
You just gotta point Percy.
They all end up on their heads.
That's the sad truth.
Every single one of us.
Us, them, all.
All is vanity.
And they all end up on their heads.
Every single one.
Yeah.
It's a fun game to watch until they end up on their heads.
Then you gotta shove them off the board and get some new ones spinning.
Wow.
Yup.
Yup.
And you have to spin them or else they'll just lay there.
But they won't spin forever.
They'll flop over on their heads sooner or later.
They might win almost everything and then flop over on their heads.
Right.
Momentum stops.
Boing, boing, flop.
Boing, boing, flop.
It's God's magic trick to make room for grandchildren.
Okay man.
Okay man.
And we both got them, so we did our job.
God should reward us even despite our haircuts.
Don't you think?
No.
Or at least buy us a dinner one of these days.
That would be good.
Yeah, I'm waiting for, I figure when I pass through that train, we're gonna go.



heavenly curtain to the shoot through to the other side uh god will say hey tell me that war on god
rant again that was pretty funny that's the only reason you even lived as long as he did i was
hoping to hear you do that again well that's what i said it's just hilarious thank god the very idea
that a pipsqueak human being like you on that little stupid planet you declare war on the
ultimate being that controls every it's like don't you know i'm the one who made you tell
that joke yes sir i did know that well good okay good do that rant again i want to hear even though
i've heard it and know what you're going to do i want to hear it again anyway even though the joke
omnificent and omniscient i can know everything and maleficent and beautiful i can i still want
to hear you tell that rant again even though it'd really be me telling it since it got you're
me and i'm everything being god and all
you
well the joke is that god and this guy who was the world's greatest digger of
of articles and stuff like that and we're in a competition they made a bet this is god said he
could he could shovel more dirt than that guy could no matter how great of a dirt shoveler he
was and there was no way that there was well never mind so anyway they start to dig and each
got their own shovel in there and and god looks up looks over at the guy and says
hey god what did you do to me and he said well you you you you you you you you you you you you
Hey, get your own dirt.
So the guy automatically lost.
Know what I mean?
Well, yeah, your diction in telling that joke was abysmal,
but I think I got most of it.
Do you think I don't want my diction to be abysmal?
I love it.
No, I thought you didn't want it to be abysmal.
I thought you didn't want it to be abysmal either.
Well, you were both wrong because I wanted it to be,
and you can't prove otherwise.
Know what I mean?
You win.
You win?
Yeah, just like if you're thrown up against God.
He's so high, you can't go over him.
So low, you can't go under.
God looks at the guy and says, get your own dirt.
So wide, you can't get around him.
It would be kind of hard to bury someone without any dirt.
Yeah, you always got to do that,
unless you could give them a fight.
I remember a wonderful battlefield cadet experience
where he dropped me in the Pacific Ocean
and set off more nuclear weapons.
That's just so that Australia burns a little bit more crispy.
I thought we were going to go eat dinner.
Well, I am.
Okay.
Did he just actually hang up?
Yeah.
Dave?
Houston, you're looking good here, right down the center line.
What?
What's that?
That was the end of Witch Disco.
Yeah, but there was a voice.
It was NASA.
It was a moon landing thing.
Remember?
This is Chaz's house.
Right.
Everything's all outer space.
Right.
And layers of sound and music and voices and stuff.
Yeah.
Always.
Many layers.
A...
And I didn't get paid, right?


That took care of it?

What's one thing you've learnt since then?

You know?


btw, but something something you can't do all the time.
Siloms anyone who's good at polo try to send quelqugo friends and relatives
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Praise Bob.
