All right, friends.
All right.
This is it.
You're still calling them friends, I know.
They'd better be friends at this juncture, Ivan.
Because this is the last hour of slack in human history.
Yes.
We're about to do the last hour of slack ever.
And it's taken years to come to this point.
One hates to think of the sacrifices that have been made.
There have been 1,320 hours of slack.
And that there will be no more.
Because time himself will be slain.
And we shall slay him.
We shall wipe our bloody blade upon his beard,
where he lies, bleeding cogwheels and gears,
his pendulum disintegrating.
At this apex, this crucial moment of history.
And no one shall flinch
and flinch
and falter.
The finest hour of slack.
And the last hour of slack.
We will kill time.
We will kill death.
We will fuck sex.
And I won't even have to cut that part.
No, keep that in.
I personally will be glad to be lifted up tomorrow at 7 a.m.
Partly so that I can get some sleep.
But also because then Starwood will begin on my saucer.
And I don't have to film and record everything that happens there.
Which means nothing will be recorded or photographed there.
Pulpy alien hands will rub liniment on your aching limbs.
No longer bowed by terrestrial gravity.
I don't know about the rest of you,
but I do know the meaning of pain.
I have been feeling it.
Just the...
Too much fun, I guess.
And have you been feeling everyone else's pain?
No.
In a Clinton-esque fashion?
No.
No, I do not feel anyone else's pain.
And if you ask me to, I won't touch your sores.
However, oh, I have one little...
Well, not that anyone involved is listening right now,
but I would like to pay the gas money of the bands and the main speakers
before we leave the earth.
Because money will be useless.
It's like Abe Lincoln paying his two-cent debt before he died.
It just sews up loose ends.
Now, ironically enough, you know, Dr. Howell,
many of the subgeniuses will leave this afternoon
and go back to their jobs.
Or rather, more narrowly speaking,
they'll be going toward their jobs and homes.
Hopefully, they'll wake up at quarter of seven,
fold their...
get into the position of supplication with their butts in the air
and wait to be lifted up.
And by 7.15, if nothing happens,
I guess they'll have to get in their car and drive to work.
Too bad.
That would indeed be tragic.
It would be tragic indeed,
because it means I would have to clean up the sets here
and pull down the decorations on the stage and all that.
And I really would rather just let the robot,
the killer robots do that.
Let them crisply incinerate it in a bolt of actinic flame.
But again, friends, if you're one of the bands that played,
before you leave tonight,
you might want to go ahead and hit me up for the gas money.
Of course, old Ivan Stang, he's good for that gas money.
It looks like the Subgenius Foundation will have made,
according to my calculations...
Oh, never let them know.
...at least $250 off of this X-Day.
Praise Bob.
I'll be able to retire on that, on my escape vessel.
It'll help you furnish your stateroom.
That's way more than three times my money back for eternal salvation.
So not only did I get eternal salvation,
but my business will have made another $150 or so on top of it.
So we thank everyone who managed to make it here.
I know it was really difficult.
Satan and Jesus, Muhammad and the Buddha
all worked against many of the bands and attendees,
causing car trouble and maybe in some case their own lack of maintenance.
I can't blame it all on the gods, I guess.
So remember to change your oil or refill your oil before you head back home.
It's only a thousand miles for some of us.
But hopefully, friends, when we head home, it will be home to the saucers.
Home to us.
Home to the spaces gleaming among the eternal stars.
Like the Mormons awaiting to return to the planet God lives on, Kolob.
Actually, they get there after a long journey on their part.
They don't immediately zoom there.
Like the Christian heaven, you zoom there, but Mormons take a long way around.
He said to his friends,
If the saucers arrive, we will be ruptured.
I'm ready.
Are you?
I will not know that until the moment, for ye never know when the master cometh.
I'm glad that you know you're ready.
I would like that certainty too.
Doubt is all pervasive.
Only faith can countermand it.
I'm going to try.
That's all I can say.
I'm going to do my best.
Maybe I'm too attached to this world in spite of all my presentation,
all my stuff to be ruptured.

When it all boils away or left with whatever you've got.
But I'm glad that you are confident.
The rupture, you know, is the rupture with everything that you leave behind.
That tears away like the sting of a bee left in the stung.
And the rest of you that flies away is the new you.
Fires will light the sky
When the saucers are flying in
The world will glow
As pinks burn
Their only sin
All they ever had to do
Was pay $30 just like me and you
But come the 5th of July
Hate to tell you folks
You're all gonna die
带在大街上


maybe no longer
שק女 in city database
are going down to shake their asses
in the smolderingологии
among the unworthy
Sex goddesses in their saucer crafts Coming down to shake their ass and dance
Upon the bodies of the unworthy
Oh, speaking of the 7 a.m. arrival of the saucers
Yes, we should tell you
We made an important decision
Where that saucer was
It's going to be
We had kind of left it up
We weren't sure where the best place would be to gather
And I think in the brochure
It says to gather at the main stage down there
Where the loud music was last night
We'll have to put a sign there
Thanks everybody for the incredible bass playing
And guitar playing
And singing
Yes, yes
And ranting
But anyway
We found the perfect place for the 7 a.m. thing
Now I understand that half of you
At least
Will be laying in your bed with hangovers
And that's how your eternity will be forever
In your blistering hot tent
But those of you who either stay up all night
Or like I do
Get a good night's sleep beforehand
Then put on your Sunday best
And come out there Tuesday morning
The place to gather is not at the main stage
And not here
But at an area called the Stone Circle
It's down the road at East
It's a little place down the road


It's a stone circle
And there's a green hill and an altar
Surrounded in a huge round ring of stones
And that's where we will be
And where you will be
If you want to prove your true subgenius credentials
At the moment the mighty ships appear overhead
That Stone Circle is visually perfect
For a 7 a.m. gathering to await the saucers
Especially from an aerial perspective
Yes
It's a great place to be
It's easy to see from above
It looks like a big target
It's a natural landing designation
It has on top of that
An ancestor mound
And a turtle mound
The turtle mound I think is a trick
Because I didn't see any turtles there
And the ancestor mound isn't very big
So whoever built it didn't have many ancestors
Well people in the olden days were smaller than us
We are huge brontotheriums of the primate species
But our progenitors were about the same size as us
About 4 feet tall
A scrawny and agile
They could run in front of a charging mammoth all day
And then eat a few roots and grubs and berries
If they were lucky enough to find them
Which themselves may have been our ancestors
That's candy
The grubs, the cricket, the leech
Nature's perfect food, sugar
Our great-great-grandfather
Our great-great-grandmother
Those aren't real berries
They're candy
I told you they were candy
They're a simulacrum of candy
They're a simulacrum of the berry
Not the actual thing
Not that they're not plenty tasty
Yes, exactly
It's the result that we're interested in
So to conclude
At the moment on X-Day
Be at the stone circle
Near the altar stone
It's down the road a piece to the left
As you will see if you visit the swimming pond
It may be a farther walk
Than most of you have taken
Since you were 10 years old
But it will be worth it
And luckily
The subgenius hierarchites
And control freaks
Have golf carts
So we can shuttle you
If you appear down here
About 6.30 or so
Otherwise
We will be able to take you up to the
And if you're polite
Physical exercise
While you still have feet
Right, yeah
Use your legs
It's going to be the last time
You'll have to take a walk
And if you've heard the expression
My legs are on fire
Somebody help me
I ain't got no legs
Well, you're right
You'll see this book
Practically
Into use
It'll be the last time
I'll ever have to get up at 6.30
It'll be the end of a lot of things
And the beginning of even more
So we hope you'll join us there
And if you can't be there physically
At least send your astral projection
At the end of the road
Yes, but that's so tenuous
It might blow away in a strong wind
Well, we'll have our dream catchers out there
In order to
Yeah, well
We were talking about the ectoplasm before
But it is still there
So insubstantial
Compared to the endoplasm
Ghosts want life and warmth
But they can't have it
But that's why if you want to
To call them to you
You want to put down a little bowl of blood
As all the authorities state
For them to drink
They want to feel
Some semblance of life
And they and other things are waiting
If you don't care for the gift
Of being a warm, living, sentient being
A bit more
Somebody else's
Would love to take your place
Walk-ins, they're called
As opposed to step-ins
And then there's the watchers
The watchers in the picture frames
The spirits that are entrapped by the glass
Yes, they have tricked themselves
Painted themselves into a corner
Eternally
They also have a sad lesson for us to learn
Hey, I wonder if the ancestors
Will be ruptured up
They may
We may see the surface of the mound crumble
And those
Stately figures
Shedding clods of earth
Emerge from underground
Oh, you can expect to see all sorts of things
Happen as time runs backwards
And all scores are settled
And the great thing is
Once you're on your
Don't worry about taking pictures
During the end of the world
Everything is recorded from that moment on
Everything's going fine
On the all-permeating world computer
Called WOM
Which is actually
Composed of tiny particles of dust in the air
Little nano-machines on the walls
Inside your skin
Little nattering nano-machines
Yes, they all record everything
And you can watch all of your enemies
Ten billion
At your leisure
You can watch how everyone you ever hated
Died slowly
All recorded by seething, juddering nanobots
You can even bring them back to life
And kill them again and again and again
That's it
I have a certain fifth grade teacher
Mrs. Darden
Oh, I'm sure she's in her grave now
But not for long
But she won't be for long
I'm going to bring her out of there and say
Now, how did you ask me to spell the word several
At the spelling bee, Mrs. Darden
In fifth grade
She said, well, I said it real clearly
Spell servile
S-E-R-V-I-L-E
Servile
Oh, um
Let me say that one more time
She knew I was a good student
I'm a good speller
Servile
S-E-R-V-I-L-E
Sorry
Next, Pobucker
S-E-V-E-R-I-L
Servile
Friends
This is the kind of thing that a fifth grade teacher deserves to die for
Mispronouncing a word in a spelling bee
I could have won the national spelling bee
If that redneck Fort Worth Pobucker hadn't done
Mispronouncing a word in a spelling bee
He wants that word for me to spell
And why do you think I worked so hard at the Church of the Subgenius
To end the stupidity in the
Well, not the stupidity
But the pinkness
We have nothing against stupidity
We'd call this Church of the Genius if that was the situation
It's the pinkness
That must be wiped out, erased, forever
On the other hand, one might argue
If one were in an argumentative mood
That that's the way it is
That teacher's malfeasance was one of the things which set your feet on the long path
Toward being the head of the Church of the Subgenius
It's true that I might not have hated enough to be available for this job
Had those things not happened in my childhood
That doesn't obviate the need for rectification and revenge
I look ahead with hope
Hope for revenge, friends
See, I'm not bitter at all
Curse of revenge
Hope for revenge
For endless years, eternities of revenge
And then I'll get around to reading all those comic books
And watching all those movies that I've missed
That first time
You won't even have to read them all
You'll find that you've outgrown some of them
Speaking of which, I heard that
Playboy magazine has got all of their back issues online now
How cold, half-blooded and digital of them?
Well, it's not the same as having a stuck together old tattered magazine
In the bathroom with you, but by golly, times have changed, you know
That glowing screen, the significant other
The music in the background, by the way, is Doctors for Bob
Doctors for Bob!
The very first Doctor band
They invented the concept of anti-music
Which I've always hated, by the way
I'd like to state now, in the very last hour of Slack
That I was never so sorry as I am about the day that we printed the...
Concept of anti-music in Book of the Subgenius
Those self-absorbed twerps, those punks
Well, but we absorbed it
Doctors for Bob did actually learn how to play
And that's what we're hearing now in the background
Yeah, then they had to live up to their rep
Yeah, they kicked Snavely out because he never learned how to play
And he was the one who started the damn band!
Ah, such injustice
Well, anyway, enough of that
You can take the Subgenius History course on your pleasure, Socrates
And it will be free!
It won't be 135 bucks anymore
And as for Doctors for Bob and the Swingin' Love Corpses
And other bands, you'll be hearing them
Night and day, or what passes for night and day
At that place, it is the end of the world
The world is a fine place, and worth fighting for
I agree with the second part
This is the end
Well, it's not really the end of our
But it is the last of the 14X Day shows
And by gobs, if 15X Day won't be upon us before we know it
The music we just heard was the Kleptones
And the song earlier was Priestess Pisces with Six-Tailed Fists of Connie
Or whatever the jam band was Wednesday night
The music in the background is Boron Nuzzle at 14X Day
What we're about to get to are the recordings of July 5th, 7am
From the video camera that I was shooting with the whole time
Thanks to Pastor Gagpole
It has been edited for brevity and legality
And so, back to 14X Day Drill on location and in 3D at Wisteria
Friends, before we start herding and bullying people
Towards the golf cart
Dr. Hal is going to treat us to a recitation
Or a treatise
Because you are brave to be here
And undergo this
This is from Dylan Thomas
And death shall have no dominion
Dead men, naked, they shall be one
With the man in the wind and the west moon
When their bones are picked clean and the clean bones gone
They shall have stars at elbow and foot
Though they go mad, they shall be sane
Though they sink through the sea, they shall rise again
Though lovers be lost, love shall not
And death shall have no dominion
And death shall have no dominion
Under the windings of the sea
They lying long shall not die windily
Twisting on racks till sinews give way
Strapped to a wheel, yet they shall not break
Faith in their hands shall snap in two
And the unicorn evils run them through
Split all ends up, they shan't crack
And death shall have no dominion
And death shall have no dominion
No more shall gulls cry in their ears
Or waves break loud on the sea shore
Where blew a flower may a flower no more lift its head
To the blows of the rain
Though they go mad and dead as nails
Heads of the character hammer through daisies
Break in the sun till the sun breaks down
And death shall have no dominion
The last hour of slack has come to an end
Praise Bob, praise Dr. Howe, praise the subgeniuses
And hail the American people
The exes who we shall meet within less than 24 hours
Let's enter through the sacred druid
I told everyone you would be killed in a tragic car wreck
And then you all were stunned and shot
Silent mash moments there at the circle
Everybody looked at each other, it was hilarious
You said that I got killed in a car wreck?
I said that you guys had been killed in a car wreck on the way here
And then you like rolled around the corner right behind us
Right inside it
Not that a subgenius would lie
That is all
What a lovely expanse of the saved
So my god, but hey shouldn't Bob be in a chair?
I know he's passed out and everything but
He's like the crazy radio guy in 2012
We need him around just in case something goes wrong
We wouldn't want just anybody thrown into the pond
And punished and harassed
Hold on, hold on
Here we go
What have we got here?
10 minutes
I've decided that I'm going to see this rupture out through the viewfinder of a video camera
It's the only way that I can know everything's being recorded for one thing
You learn that the hard way
Give me seats and digits
It shows a lack of faith thing
What I want to know from the deuce paying subgeniuses is
How do you feel reverend scum right now?
A little hungover but I'm waiting for the exes to come in
Have you been up all night?
No, not as late as some of these fools
How about you lights out?
These darn kids have been up partying all night
So you got a little rest?
I got a little bit of rest
How about you two? Did you guys get any rest tonight?
A little bit
See now they show some faith
I mean if you gotta do it, go all the way
You're gonna feel much better very very soon
I'm ready, I'm lubed up and waiting
I have uh, this camera will last exactly 40 minutes in batteries
So that should give me 10 minutes of the end of the world at least
I should have a better camera by then
I'm so glad Dr. Dark has been at, has awaited the saucers every single ex day
For uh, since 1996
Now that's either the most sensible man in the world
Or the dumbest sucker ever
Praise Dr. Dark
Uh, he and I have unbroken records
Of having uh, shown our faith enough to wake up
How are you feeling Eggplant?
I'm fucking feeling great
You feel good?
Yeah, I'm not feeling good
Well you'll feel better later
I'll feel much better once I'm out of soccer
Um, who stayed up all night?
You know, the
The, the, you look at
Good god, look at those eyes
I have a red smudge on my uh, sleeve
And I don't know where it came from
Oh, we saw some very propitious things
That would indicate uh, that this may be the day
For instance, when I woke up this morning in the big house
I ran straight down to the bathroom of course
At where I keep a, a monster nostalgia magazine
And the first image that my eye fell upon
Was the poster for a movie called
The Mysterians
Which has a, an upside down M
Meaning the Wisterians
That was a good sign
It was right next to the poster for
I married a monster from outer space
At War of the Worlds and Voyage to the End of the Universe
Uh, Ministry of Slack fellows
Were you up all night or did you get a little sleep?
Got a little bit of sleep
Got a few hours of sleep
That's right
That's the way to do it
That's the way to do it
How about you guys, Reverend Purge?
Less than three
Less than three minutes of sleep
And yet look at him, he's doing great
He did great
Uh, Dr. Fox, we loved your projections last night
Oh, well you are quite welcome
I was trying to use them as a geosynchronous locationing system
Right
If anyone needs to go to the bathroom
Reverend Fights, good to see you
Now may be a very good time
To go to the bathroom?
Last call for 4-2-1













Yes, I know
And I suppose Ray and I could go to the bathroom
This is the only way in which I would know
Of course I could go to the bathroom

Well, have fun

They're enjoying the morning


We'll have a view of the property
Back to escape from this
We got Johnny
play all night? Oh okay. That's good. That's good. I see you. Reverend Ferg, how
is your X Day Morn? See so far the signs are good. Susie the floozy I see is all
dolled up for her her day of destruction. Oh by the way on the way
here even though Princess Wee and I have made this drive a dozen times this week
we noticed that on one of the little rural homes is a mailbox that is marked
only by a very clear stencil of a pipe. Another portent of good. This is a typical
subgenius situation. For decades we've been trying to get good
footage of a UFO and now for the first time we're not only going to get clear
footage it'll be in 3D. We'll be the only people who have it. There'll be no market for it.
It was it was really sad. Well we've got five minutes. We are it was so sad
to drive through the campground and you know we know a lot of people here from
Starwood and there are a lot of virtuous pagans here but they will be treated
just the same as everyone who didn't send in that $30 and express that faith.
Take pets? Well you certainly can beam your pet up if you hurry.
Anna Dynamite bought Sherbet her own membership. Sherbet? Her cat. Oh right.
Meow meow meow meow meow meow. No no don't do that.
We've only got five minutes.
Four minutes left and I don't want to be hearing that meow meow song
at the moment of rupture. Duke of Uke how was your morning? Transplant. Transplant's amazing.
Usually what we get is wretched looking sad. Oh yeah actually that's a good idea.
People should get in a big circle so that we make a better image. One next
day we spelled out the name of Bob in bare butt.
Pointed up at the sky and but we didn't have any good way to photograph them.
Hey no no no let's we don't we don't draw attention to the documentary.
Don't look at the camera while you're dying friends that's important. You can
look at my camera but that's all right. It's all more real when you viddy the
colors of the world through the camera lens. That's all right. It's all more real when you viddy the colors of the world through the camera lens.
Two minutes! And what happened to that
I thought it was at least four
minutes. Don't worry about that. Now friends
remember this is important this is your
last moments with this type of gravity
and with this temperature. Suzy you
Suzy alone looks properly solemn.
Well she did until this now.iks appropriate
until just now yes so many what is it two minutes. Pmeter 2 and recording?

One minute? Oh my lord, godly, mighty, dobs!
Dr. Legume, I notice, is here for the first time.
Nobody's even looking up!
Oh, well, you know, it's not exactly spaceships we're waiting for.
It may be spaceships, it may be a blinding light, it might be...
What's the most important thing to say to the world?
FTW!
There is a very slight chance that a giant saucer may actually swoop down and land on top of us, killing the entire subgenius hierarchy in just a matter of seconds.
But it's a chance we're willing to take.
We've been willing to... Okay, where are we at? Ten... Is it the countdown time?
It's time!
Alright, go ahead. Oh my god.
Ten!
Nine!
Eight!
Seven!
Six!
Five!
Four!
Three!
Two!
One!
FUTW!
FUTW fight can't take a joke!
Keep going, keep going.
Not bad, but uh...
Are we fucked again?
Jolly, we're not fucked again!
Damn it!
We're locked in a long easy-to-do-it-in-a-minute-it-is-all-we-think-we-should-do-another-countdown?
Don't remind them that they were going to blame me if it all went wrong.
Don't remind them of that.
Oh, sure.
Five, four, three, two, one...
Fuck them if they can't take a joke!
Hey, um, did anybody remember the Kool-Aid this time?
Just goes to figure.
The one reward-
Rewardians ask for good.
One!
Are requested for one simple thing, the Kool-Aid, and we don't even have that!
It is July 5th, right? We did get that before.
It is July 5th.
But, what you, but...
Was that napkin upside down before? Was that what that was?
How do we know it's not 7...
Well, that reminds me of something.
Wouldn't I make it 7 PM if it was upside down?
No, it's just the year. But that was it.
Deliberate error, I'm sure.
Uh, now friends...
I remember at some point last night it being announced that if the Exes didn't show up,
that it would all be the fault of Dr. Legume!
I asked him not to remind me.
Burn him! Burn him! Burn him!
I never liked him anyway!
So he got him nastily!
I specifically asked him not to remind me.
Judas!
I'll quickly-
That's right.
That's right.
It's the worst Ex Day ever.
We're still here.
This sucks!
All these birds singing and grass growing crap has got to come to a fucking end!
This is not fucking cool!
I am so very, very butt hurt that you all didn't get ruptured!
We've been waiting so long to hear you say that, Dr. Legume.
I too, I must say, am so very, very butt hurt.
And I noticed that Osama Bin Laden didn't show up this Ex Day.
He promised.
And everyone thought he was dead, so he thought he could make it here.
Look at these sad faces.
Why do I have to witness this?
Well, they do have a new-
Wait a minute, you didn't see Osama?
No.
I've seen him driving around in a golf cart with Philo!
Well, that figures.
I'm sure they're coupled up in some bed together.
Them and Saiten.
God almighty.
Stang stand here.
Hal stand here.
Legume stand here.
Face us.
Everybody face us.
It's hard for us to face anyone now.
This is the first time this has ever happened.
M.I.D.
What's up?
Shoulder to shoulder.
Tighten up.
Don't know where.
Don't know when.
Yum yum yum.
Alright.
Can you-
It's, uh, it's, it's 7-0-4.
Oh, don't say that!
What happened?
According to some of you.
We cannot know the thoughts of aliens, of godlike creatures that could be far greater than we.
Well, I don't mean you personally, Princess We.
But, uh, we do know-
That, uh, this is not 1998.
That is the only thing that we can know.
Bob said the world ends 7 AM July 5th, 1998.
By these stripes, we know that this is not yet 1998.
It's that simple.
Well, it's-
I think-
It's not 8661 either.
And it's not yet-
Yeah, it's not 8661.
We, we, we, uh-
And you still haven't made a million dollars.
So we still don't know-
Whether or not he did not fucking-
Because this day when all the-
People would die.
I need my slip.
And- and what's there to live for now?
Now I have to spend another year strung out on drugs-
What's that?
Trying to wait for another promise-
You know what would cheer us all up?
What are you doing?
Let's kill the documentary crew!
Hey!
That's an idea!
That's why they didn't come down, you fuckers!
Kill!
We were commercialized out of our promise!
Kill!
We'll destroy the evidence!
Kill!
Attack them!
Attack them!
Here's a subgenius related question.
What is keeping the exists from rescuing us?
I'm getting older, uh, help or heap?
Here.
Here.
I'm getting older here.
I'm getting older over here.
What's keeping the exi-
Am I chopped liver-
Well, uh, what is keeping the exists?
Did anyone remember the movie, um-
What's it called?
This Island Earth?
According to that, there's a flame barrier around the solar system.
Boy, I never knew that.
But that could keep them back.
Look, that's their problem more than ours.
It's a matter of celestial navigation.
It's a matter of operating spaceships.
And spaceship operation is an incredibly complicated business.
Also, the problem of where you get your energy is complicated.
The problem of moving at sidereal speeds and transecting space is a skullbuster.
And one of the major problems is just stopping after you achieve the enormous speed that you need to achieve.
If they're so all fired superior, they've got it worked out.
And so, they'll come in their own good time.
That's, uh, their end.
It's between them and Bob.
And we are only here to, uh, reap whatever reward they want.
And that reward there is.
As Hal pointed out, we may have to do this again next year, friends.
At least we found a nice place to do it.
What?
No, with feeling.
Ten!
Nine!
Eight!
Seven!
Six!
Five!
Four!
Three!
Two!
One!
Five!
Four!

Four!

Five!
Four!
Six!
Seven!
Eight!
Nine!

One!



Three!
Five!
Six!






One!

Five!


Two!
One!

One!
Two!
One!
Time travel through volume.
That's a new one on there.
Well, we should have blew that one.
That would have been more...
There it is!
I see it!
Oh, never mind.
It falls a lot.
You know, it's funny how often I look around and the people have their cameras pointed
up.
Oh, shit.
They didn't go to Brawl Stars as long as I thought they would.
Oh, no!
They ended up at the festival of Praise Bill, the UFO death cult.
The old flim flam happens every time.
I never planned for anything after this.
I noticed that not everyone is formally dressed as if for church.
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down.
We deserve it.
We deserve to die.
Not to live forever.
I greenwashed them into doing this the very first night.
We did?
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
Meow, meow, meow.
What a nightmare.
Hurting cats.
It's like a recurring nightmare.
Have you ever had this dream before, Susie, where all these people are standing around
staring at you, waiting for you to do some sort of magic trick?
I usually blow them and that's enough.
Well, we all blew them.
We all blew it this time.
Big time.
Like a dried out Bobby Turner to the bottom of a litter box.
Yeah.
We did our best.
Once again, maybe that's how we screwed up.
And it wasn't fucking enough, was it?
Maybe we should have been more slackful according to somebody else's definition of slack.
I was wondering if this time Bob would really come in and scoop us out.
Maybe we didn't sin enough.
Well, no, that theory has been advanced, that we didn't sin enough.
But then how do you define the sin?
Who among us is without sin?
Yeah, kill him.
Kill him.
Lynch him.
Kill him.
Kill him.
Can I just cast a first?
Oh, no, wait.
Oh, give me a break.
I've seen that guy in a daisy chain in public.
At his wedding.
At his wedding.
I got an excuse.
Yeah, we do all have the excuse, that's for sure.
Every damn one of us.
Including me, so don't look at me that way, kids.
We've already been through this routine.
I'm not J.R. Bob Dobbs and I did not mention the date.
The date was delivered to Bob by Jehovah One.
All the way through the night.


Although I've had several times had our business partner, Jesus, ask me, what the fuck you
idiot came up with 7 a.m.?
Of course, that was a long time ago.
That was in 1953.
When are you going to get a new revelation?
A new revelation?
Yeah.
Oh, I thought you were asking about my shoes.
These are new shoes.
I'm beginning to think I shouldn't have run up all that credit card debt now.
You're a Mageddon thinker?
Oh, my God, I didn't even think of that.
Because I'm a Mageddon thinker.





I'm a credit card genius.
Oh, God, the old lady.
I shot her legs off.
I kind of blew things up.
Last night I heard sad stories of people who actually have quit their jobs who were experiencing
major anxiety about the outcome of this.
Did you really?
Yes, I did.
Well, we've run into that before.
Did you run into the smile?
That was just before our business dropped off by half.
Well, you know, for all those people who lost their jobs, just remember, whenever Bob opens
a window, someone will wake up without their stare.

I'm going to have to go through all of Starwood with the pagans laughing at me again.
You guys didn't get to go home to your jobs.
I'm saying you were going to ask me why is this morning different than every other morning?
Why Princess, we is this morning different from every other morning?
Why every other morning we wake up and we.
We don't expect to be lifted up.
But this morning we all wake up expecting to be lifted up.
We're still standing here.
It didn't do us a hell of a lot of good.
But by golly, we've all been through a traumatic experience together and and we'll need to
to to to stay together as a community to soften the butthurt, to ease the butthurt, to come
back.
We need to get ourselves up in that sore, sore spot and be ready for the next round
of butthurt from the discordians laughing at us, all the pagans and most of all the
Christians.
Bob Larson is just going to love this one.
I know it.
We need to reenact it properly the next time.
Reenact what?
Why the entire festival without doing it without making the mistake, which somehow we made
here.
We have to go over it intensely, go over all the footage, see what or who cleared the pitch
and make appropriate alterations.
It's all his.
No, I thought actually I thought it was all Pisces fault.
She's not here.
Where?
Yeah, where is Pisces?
Yeah, where's Pisces?
It's normal for Pisces to pass out just about 6.59.
That's she.
Well, she works harder than anyone.
And her faith is greater than just about anyone's.
Well, I'm not going to go looking for blame at this point, but we have a lot of footage,
including some in 3D that we can study.
Dr. Pentagon Weapons Project, a psychologist and neuroscientist, did research on the effects
of electromagnetic radiation on the brain, funded by the Navy and reportedly by the NSA
as well.
Dr. Pentagon perfected a means to make experimental subjects feel that they had been abducted
by aliens.
Or had an encounter with angels or God through the use of a modified motorcycle helmet equipped
with solenoids to send electromagnetic pulses through the frontal lobes of the brain.
Human experience of God can be generated by a process that has nothing to do with whether
God exists or not.
Dr. God published the paper on the possibility of directly accessing every human brain by
electromagnetic induction of fundamental algorithms.
1995.
Quote.
A process which is coupled to the narrow band of brain temperature could allow all
normal human brains to be affected by a subharmonic.
Random variations of noise within the matrices could potentially differentiate between all
normal human brains and individual subbrains.
In other words, individuals could be identified by the specific characteristics of their brain
output.
He goes on further.
Identification of these sequences could also allow direct access to the most complex and



complex neurocognitive processes associated with the self, human consciousness, and the
aggregate of experimental representations that define the individual
within the brain.
In other words, a person's memory, consciousness, and sense of self can be fully accessed and
modified by electromagnetic means.
Especially a person's personality can be completely shaped, much like the research of Dr. God.
Dr. God's research on the concept of the brain as a human being is a very complex and complex

process.



When talking about the brain's structure, we can only do so by more primitive means.
Dr. Pentagon says the brain processes can be circumvented by direct induction of this
information within the brain.
What Dr. Pentagon is saying is that virtually any mental state can be artificially injected
into a human brain from an exterior source.
The most frightening thing is that the means for doing this already exist in a fully operational
form on a worldwide basis.
Quote.
The power levels for these amplitudes are similar to those essential to the human brain.

associated with the signals generated globally by
the subgenius power of sweat.
Effectively, all consciousness is due to
electromagnetic patterns generated within the brain.
What we do is imitate what the brain normally does
and apply it experimentally.
Like, you know, where are these thoughts coming from?
Those thoughts came from the neuroscience laboratory
at the subgenius power of sweat.
So friends, if your zippers are still down,
feel free to go fornicate as if you're very life-dependent on it,
although at this point it's probably just your slack
that depends upon it.
And spread more.
We need more little subgeniuses too, by the way.
That's our form of birth control.
More subgeniuses, fewer pinks.
Fuck more.
Yes.
Fuck more.
Well, we're going to do that anyway.
But I mean, fuck other pinks.
We're going to do that anyway.




In a sexual way, not just in our usual way.
Ideally, subgeniuses should have children
with disposable income.
Yes, little children with fat wads of cash
filling their little toddler pockets.
They can come out and give their $30 to the church
and buy little tiny t-shirts.
Suffer the wealthy little children to come unto Bob.
Suffer the wealthy children to live.
Well, now even the film is good.
Look at that.
They've given up.
They've given up hope.
Somewhere over the rainbow
Way up high
There's a land that I've heard of
Once in a lullaby
Somewhere
Somewhere over the rainbow
Skies are blue
And those dreams that you dare to dream
Really do come true
Someday I'll wish upon a star
Wake up where those clouds are far behind me
Where troubles are far behind me
Where bubbles melt like lemon drops
All the way up on those chimney tops
That's where you'll find me
Somewhere over the rainbow
Bluebirds fly
Birds fly over the rainbow

Birds fly over the rainbow
Birds fly over the rainbow
Why then oh why can't I
If happy little bluebirds fly
Beyond the rainbow
Why oh why can't I
Thank you.
We should be the only ones.
We should be the only ones.
You can fall off the back side
There is a rainbow
No matter what you do

Proud to stand on the frozen

At the face of our alkaline

To burn away
Is our song
So if you only know how to
We star to tres
Stay positive
Feel free to boot
Let's bring Bob over here and turn him upside down so that his butt is facing the faithful.
Well, yeah, here we go.
Poor guy. He's been through so much.
Here we go now, friends.
You'll notice I've gotten real tired myself of having to be the goat, so to speak.
Why a goat? Well, you can get their back hooves into your boots.
They can't run away.
Yeah, check his pockets first.
What are in his pockets?
Oh, there!
Where's the other walkie-talkie?
A transmitter!
He's been speaking to the X's incognito all this time.
That's not really Bob, Papa Joe. That's a clever robot.
Maybe he fooled them in thinking, you don't need to come here, I'm already here.
Let's see what's on the other end.
Uh-oh. I don't like the looks of this.
He's left on.
I can't hear him, but I know it's bad.
That's why they couldn't find the transmuter signal.
Well, that proves what they said.
What do you say about you, Papa Joe?
I've heard that you would crawl through ten miles of broken glass just to hear Bob fart through a walkie-talkie.
Yeah.
That's faith, brothers and sisters.
Yep, there's the butt launching, the prophesied butt launching.
We couldn't, uh...
Heads weren't heard enough, but the butts...
Heel butt bad.
Heel butt good.
Heel butt good.
Heel butt bad.
Well, I'm bleeding butt good in my soul.
Oh, I just slapped my microphone.
Careful there.
I'm hurt, I have to admit.
Butt hurt?
I'm hurt deep in my heart and soul. My faith is hurt again.
I used the, uh, thank God for that Lutriman spray or everything else would hurt even more.
Oh.
But, uh, every day, I'm bleeding.
Every year we learn something, friends. We learn, we learned, uh, what was the better campground this year.
Absolutely.
We learned about Lutriman spray powder on a hot day.
Um, what else have we learned? Let's get something out of this besides more foot...
...variety of these things.
Print...Susie the floozy is...
I'm standing here with my ass in my pockets minding my own business.
If Bob farts his...if Bob farts his in the ass, we have to ask, what does Bob fart?
What did we do to deserve this?
If Bob doesn't fuck us in the ass, we have to ask, what am I doing wrong?
Well, maybe we shouldn't even be asking that question. Maybe that's the wrong thing we're doing is asking what we're doing wrong.
You know?
We should know what we're doing wrong.
We're not doing anything wrong. We're doing just what Bob said to do.
He said that the world would end July 5th, 1998.
We're doing the best we can to be, you know, in a...
...slackful situation.
So we want to reconsider. It could be a problem.
Yeah, be here now, man.
We're going to be here now.
Unfortunately, now wasn't the best time to be here.
From the perspective when 1998 was a remote date in the future, in the science-fiction future.
Dr. Hal is reminding me of a time back in the 80s when 1998 was 18 years from then.
Makes sense to me. I'm insane.
Seven o'clock didn't seem so daunting.
Twenty years ago.
Twenty years from now you can get up at seven o'clock, sure. So, anyway...
Well, we're all here and they are serving breakfast up there at the cafe.
Do we have any good advice for subgeniuses to get through the year?
Do I have any good advice for subgeniuses?
The same advice that I've been giving for years.
Don't kill yourself until X day.
I mean, that's all you have to do.
All you have to do is stay alive until X day.
That's the one...
That and fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Those two things. Just keep that in mind.
Stay alive until X day and fuck them if they can't take a joke.
Wait, I can think of something.
Whatever you do when you leave X day and get back to the civilian world between now and next X day,
don't become the star of one of my videos.
That's true.
True.
You know, I wouldn't have lived to the X day if it hadn't been for the first of your videos.
I honestly feel that.
I was so...
I was so butt hurt over the butt hurt that only laughing until I...
Screaming with laughter saved me.
In fact, Princess Wee and I watching his first Hitler video had to cover our faces with pillows
to keep our guests Potter and petaled nostril from waking up in our guest room.
I woke them up anyway and my pillow was soaked with tears. I laughed so hard I was crying.
Tears and snot. You make very snot provoking videos Dr. Legaine.
That's what I go for.
The sad thing was I was looking forward to pinching this loaf on the saucers and now I got to go drop a deuce in the port-a-cats.
We prefer to call those sweat lodges Susie.
Shit lodges?
No, no, sweat lodges not shit lodges.
They don't smell like sweat.
The Jenkins.
I believe I'll have another beer.
As a matter of fact I was prepared.
One more beer! One more beer! One more beer! One more beer! One more beer! One more beer!
That's one way of the...
I got up this morning and I got myself a B-R because the future is uncertain and the end is always knee-ar.
Four more beers! Four more beers! Four more beers!
Eight more beers!
To the inheritors of the earth, whatever evolves back up to a human-like state,
advanced enough to be able to play back records like are being done now,
all I can say is it's not too late to buy your eternal salvation from Bob.
Or triple your money back!
A matter of hours.
You will...
Sure, it's too late for the humans that were left behind.
I'm sure by now you've discovered their burnt skyscrapers and things buried deep under mountains.
Burnt skyscrapers and things buried deep under mountains.
The craters left by our ray guns when we escaped.
But Bob will still be somewhere, probably eager to sell you a subgenius membership pack.
Bob's
Subgenius Membership Pack
Subgenius Membership Pack
Subgenius Membership Pack
Subgenius Membership Pack
Thank you for watching!
Thanks to The Large for that!
This has been hour of slack number 1337 from the church of the subgenius, subgenius.com.
Which holds the recordings and butchers.
photos and videos of everything. And that is where the broadcast version of the show ended,
so it'll be exactly one hour long, but here on the cuss-filled internet version, we have no
real-time constraints, so I'm going to play precisely nine more extra bonus minutes of the
soundtrack from the semi-edited videotape I was shooting from 7 a.m. to 8 a.m. last July 5th of
the year the conspiracy likes to call 2011. Well, I am very, very proud of you subgeniuses,
despite the fact that we obviously all completely fucked up. We're used to that.
We can take it.
We can take a joke at least. And the main thing is there's more people here at this 7 a.m. than I
think there have been in any previous years, except that one false 1998. We get more people,
and they're in better shape mentally prepared, I think. I haven't seen anybody shoot themselves
yet like we had that problem with the last few times. There's always some sucker.
He would just say,
Three more chants! Three more chants!
I've seen three more tits.
Chants.
Oh, chants.
Three more chants.
Three more chants.
Okay, that's...
No more chants.
Three more chants.
No, that's from the St. Stupid's Day Parade, isn't it?
I've heard it out here, though.
You have?
Yeah.
Oh, it's made its way. No more chanting.
No more chanting.
No more chanting!
No more chanting!
No more chanting!
That's so old.
No more chanting!
We're not gonna protest.
No more chanting!
No more chanting!
Well, I guess there's nothing left to do but for all the girls to take their shirts off.
Oh, well.
It's all over with the shitting.
It's your chance, honeys.
Suzy, you're taking this a lot better than you usually do.
I'm drugged.
Oh.
No comment.
She came prepared. Yeah.
You were ready. You have the emotion dead in your mouth.

I'm a nurse, just in case.
Talking about my medication.
We've been, uh, Suzy and I have been through this many times.
Too many times.
A few too many times, yes.
I'm starting to think you're jinxing me, Sting.
No, I'm jink-a-ming you.
But close. Close.
Well, we aren't going to know how close we came, but maybe we're achieving a quorum.
Maybe if we get just two or three more people next year.
Right.
Maybe if each of you brought a friend next year, we'd achieve the quorum necessary.
A rich friend.
Actually, a rich friend. A bunch of rich friends.
But yeah, look, if we all had rich friends, how many of us would be here right now? Come on.
Maybe we're kind of doing the job.
Oh, I have some really good news.
This is something not everyone knew happened this year.
You know those Insight commercials with Smiling Bob?
Smiling Bob.
The logo, the fake hard-on pills.
Yeah.
The C-bows that they made millions of dollars off of ripping people off.
Well, not only did the owner of the company and his poor mom, who's dying of cancer, end up being convicted of fraud,
but the actor who played Smiling Bob disappeared, assumed drowned, off the coast of some Caribbean island.
I think St. John's.
Coincidence or conspiracy?
So at least somewhat.
Although the true subgeniuses did not get ruptured, the fake Bob did.
I am not going to do it.
Oh my God.
Yes.
I know, it was a spiritual thing.
It wasn't exactly instant karma, but it did catch up with them.
Yes, it catches up.
Anyway, the false Bobs all end up the same way.
Well, but that's the sad thing.
They always end up on their heads.
Every single one of us.
We're all the same in that respect.
Except that we did spend our 30 bucks.
And one of these days, it's going to happen.
Bob's lesson, once again, it seems plain to me, is that X-Day could happen at any minute.
Any second.
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Have you been living either as if you had all the time in the world, or as if this was the last day of your life?
Either one works fine.
It's just the in-between stuff that's kind of a waste.
So remember that.
X-Day could happen.
We could just be an hour off.
That's why we're walking dejectedly.
Eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.
Fuck him as a dog.
Is that a countdown that we beat up Stan?
No, no, no.
This was where we were supposed to take the poison Kool-Aid.
But as usual, somebody forgot.
They were passing out.
They were passing out.
I saw that.
They were passing out.
Loud chants.
Loud chants.
Loud chants.
No.
No.
Enough.
It is true that we should have the, you know, we should have little white things of Kool-Aid to down.
We don't, usually people don't really drink.
Look at that.
Reverend Heathen is already dejectedly wandering off into the mist.
Yeah, we're losing him.
We're losing him.
Off to get breakfast, I suppose.
Susie is stomping off in furious anger.
At, at, uh, Pisces.
Yeah, it's her fault.
That's it.
Maybe he's, uh.
Yeah, it's Pisces' fault.
Yeah.
This is usually when we go, let's go find Philo.
Or wake up Jesus or whatnot.
But they aren't here.
What if they're on the saucers and we're not?
I would really feel terrible.
I saw them in the golf cart with Osama bin Laden.
Huh?
Philo.
I saw them in the golf cart with Osama bin Laden.
Oh, that's right.
With the yellow sun.
Oh, yeah.
Well, they're probably in Athens at the, that Casanova restaurant having a nice breakfast
as a free toast or something.
Pater Nostrum, how was your evening?
Did you get some sleep?
No, I took drugs.
You stayed up all night.
No, I didn't stay up all night, but I did have my perspective changed.
Well, you know, the funny thing is Princess Wee and I can't leave.
I know.
We're doomed to hell.
We're doomed to hell.








We don't want to Strauss.


He just had to stay here and take a picture of you.
cia hee fah hduh friends, youtreジ répond
to regueuns so carried far rehearsals in the world
Gfha, gzha, resto, we hold, in the experts here
to forget.
Well, a question.
F chain alto.
What is rap.
Time for us to all wander back
You've been crowned
About every two minutes
I woke up with the freight the song in my head
America
So lick my dick and suck on my mother man
Fuck yeah, what you gonna do when they come for you now?
Well that sounds real good sounds real tough, but it's sad and
We're all alone
together
But hides are a little thicker now that we've gone survived another accident. I've got a third one growing every X day
Oh, this is just great we were expecting these beautiful
Saucers and what do we get?
little six-seater golf carts
That would have to be filled up with gas
Fire pit Bruce Perry would like to take his chair. Oh, I see
Okay
Yeah, fuck you if you can't take a joke Bob
I
Thought a salesman would be Treya
How could it's how could a salesman? How could a salesman lie?
I just how could a priest a holy man lie or be wrong. I just don't get it
I just don't get it
You're doing this
I
Praise Bob
Yeah, I I yeah





you
you
You
I
think
I










