The hour of slack, dear friends, and we're back at the 7X Day Drill.
And the puzzling evidence show after the drill, with Dr. Howell and Philo Drummond.
And we have Little Theodore and Reverend Carter LeBlanc and Jesus Christ and the amino acids and Acid Corpse.
Plus Reverend Lee Burles and this music by SoSoDotta.
Praise Bob.
Yeah, what's all this?
Keep back there.
Keep back, me?
You know who you're talking to.
Come along there, come quietly.
Unless you want me to put the handcuffs on.
Stop where you are.
You don't know what you're doing.
I know what I'm doing, all right.
Come on, get out of here.
Lock him up!
All right, you fools.
You brought it on yourselves.
Everything would have come right if you'd only been...
You left me alone.
You've driven me near madness with your peering through the keyholes and gaping through the curtains.
And now you'll suffer for it.
You're crazy to know who I am, aren't you?
All right, I'll show you.
I'll show you who I am and what I am.
It was horrible.
Let's go, let's go.
We're through being cruel.
Eliminate the bosses and their slaves.
Yeah!
We're through being cruel.
We're through being cruel.
Change the way you should be stuck in a tank.
Huh?
Change the way you try to drive you.
Ah!
Smash them!
We're through being cruel.
We're through being cruel.
Damn that.
We're through being cruel.
We're through being cruel.
We're through being cruel.
We're through being cruel.
Well, it all started when we arrived at, uh, Reverend...
No, it actually started when we arrived in Cleveland.
I think...
Yes, I arrived in Cleveland, too.
You arrived in Cleveland on Thursday, and I arrived in Cleveland on Wednesday.
And we...
I drove separately from the airport.
This is admirable.
This is me and...
The end of the world happened, and these guys can only talk about their...
This is me and Princess Bee driving along to...
Well, it was a big deal, you know.
Now that 60% of your life is taken up by airport conservation procedures.
On the way from Ohio to New York.
You have no choice but to obey the procedures.
Now you see the way the country looks with these, uh, barns and, uh, hay fields and so forth.
Very rustic and rural, western New York state.
And crossing Pennsylvania.
Don't forget about all the Amish individuals.
That extreme right-wing paramilitary...
The military, uh, religious cult, the Amish.
Yes, we should, uh, pay homage to the Amish.
Those Amish, uh...
Did you...
I kind of like those.
Did you see their special clothes and outfits that they wear?
Well, I, uh, was aware of the...
They got these tight pants they wear that are short-legged and with suspenders.
But a special kind of leather suspenders.
They don't use belts.
They have suspenders on.
And then the...
The girls wear these little bonnets.
And, uh...
The special...
Special colored, not fancy dress.
Yes.
Where is that?
That's in New York.
You're telling me this happened at the end of the world?
That happened on weird dresses?
It's in western Pennsylvania and...
I also put on a weird dress and participated...
That's true.
In a drag contest.
He became Philomena.
And there he was, uh...
You all want to know what happened at the end of the world.
Wincing and mincing at the subgenius drag ball, which preceded the end of the world.
Oh!
So you guys turned it to San Francisco.
Yes.
Uh...
Yes.
Just when you thought you got away from San Francisco and were actually going to do something not related to gender blur.
What an unpleasant surprise.
It follows you all the way out to...
I wonder why we think we're doing so well.
But it was kind of fun because I had a chance to get in touch with my feminine side.
He certainly did when you should have seen him mincing and sashaying around the...
Ivan Stang.
As everybody knows, they're at the end of the world.
Oh, Ivan Stang was...
No, Ivan Stang.
Ivan Stang.
Didn't work, uh, as an angry Iranian woman.
In a burqa.
And I was dressed in my pink, pink outfit with matching pink, uh, lounge pants.
Man.
And, uh, and it was excellent.
Just wonderful.
Meanwhile, the girls drag kinged it up with fake mustaches and zoot suits and so forth.
Well, and there's video somewhere out there.
Yeah, there's video.
Dr. Howie!
I present to you a great man, Dr. Howe.
The Keeper of Church Secrets.
The Keeper of Church Secrets.
Today, we have a wonderful ceremony in store for us.
It is important, as Bob embraces Connie and the knowledgeable subgenius must endure, indulge in,
and withstand the embrace of the conspiracy, that we explore.
The viewpoint of the opposite sex by being that person and letting our inner nature come forth.
Who will be next to show off his or her magnificence?
That's not having time to do it.
Here we are.
My name is Helga and I want to have intercourse with your eyeball.
Ah, yes, the eye socket to me theme.
You may have seen the Miss America contest.
They always ask the girls, you know, what are your plans?
And they always say they want to work with troubled children or be a brain surgeon.
Or unless they lose, where they get to be a stripper.
And now we have, I'm not certain I know the name of your identity.
You'd better tell me.
Philomena.
Philomena Drummond.
And she is just as cute as a Junebug, as they say.

A little simpering perhaps, but in the spirit of things, certainly.
What's it like to be an overwoman?
Yes, what's it like to be an overwoman for a change?
I just don't know.
It's silly or something, I don't know.
Well, he's just flowing with the spirit of the occasion.
Anything else?
I'm going to go pee.
Oh dear, well, that's the problem with women.
They have to go pee every few seconds.
But we forgive them readily, we do.
Alright, who is next?
I was drinking these all day.
I passed out.
I woke up in a dress.
And I was told to come up here by those who call themselves my friends.
And introduce myself as Sexy Mortis.
Toyo Ballas!
I'm throwing up right now.
I'm coming for you, girl.
Oh my.
Well, we can only imagine what will happen off stage, inflamed by the passions of this event.
Here's someone who appears to be a devotee of America's national pastimes.
You're winning!
Yeah!
Just so you all know, I am a pitcher and not a catcher.
An important distinction.
You know, and every year I come here, this is actually technically my sixth X Day.
And every year I come here, and I come here believing.
Not just wanting to believe, I come here believing the Saucers will arrive.
July 5th, 7 a.m.
The Saucers are gonna be here.
We're gonna be swept up.
We're gonna be caught up.
We're gonna be sucked into the conceptual orifices of...
of pan-galactic uber-thought beings.
Projections that will gratify our every urge.
We're gonna be taken away from all this shit.
It's gonna finally happen in every single year.
I don't even fucking get up at 7 a.m.
Because you know what?
I know in my gut they didn't make it.
Again.
And what happens?
I have become utterly disillusioned.
I walk away from this going, you know, that was a hell of a party, but...
God damn it.
We didn't get the Saucers.
And I find myself struggling with this.
I say, how can I continue to involve myself in an organization that continually lets me down?
It's not like I get sex from the church.
You know?
It's not like I get money from the church.
It's not like I get friends from the...
Well, okay, actually, I have gotten granted a lot of friends after this.
But regardless, the thing is, is there's this issue of doubt.
There's this, why am I doing this?
Why am I putting myself through this?
And why do I even waste my time with this?
And the thing is, is that's a gift.
That's a gift.
Because, I mean, ask Heisenberg.
Ask Goodell.
Ask Schrodinger.
Ask fucking Einstein.
The universe floats in a haze.
In a haze of quantum indeterminacy.
Do what thou wilt is the whole of the law.
You know?
I mean, I...
Yeah, I don't know.
I was quoting the Thelemites and all that shit.
No, the thing is, is the universe fluctuates and floats in a haze of quantum indeterminacy.
That means that you will never know.
Because it just might not work out that way.
It's called...
It's called relativity.
It's called improbability.
It's called, you know, it's...
It's called slack.
Because you know what?
You don't need to know.
I see babies cry.
I watch them grow.
They'll learn much more than I'll ever know.
And I say to myself, what a wonderful world.
Hey, yeah, maybe it's a wonderful world for Bob.
And Connie.
But we're stuck down here on this slack-forsaken planet.
God damn it.
And I have a few bees with a deity named Yahweh One.
Lord, I really want to know.
Why did you make the mosquitoes?
The richy bites can really bring me down.
And why did you make the flies and cockroaches?
And other nasty bugs and bugs around?
And tell me, why are humans so fucked up?
And why do they want to blow us all up?
And why do they hate each other when they're so much like each other?
I want to know.
Yeah, what's going on with the weather?
I'm always oh so hot or very cold.
It seems it's always raining or snowing.
A tail-arm is getting pretty old.
And tell me, why are pinks all so fucked up?
And why are they trying to blow us all up?
And why do they hate each other when they're so much like each other?
I want to know.
Yeah, I really wonder just what you were thinking.
How could you let them go so far astray?
You must have been down on the corner drinking.
And that's why they're all so fucked up today.
Now I know.
That's why they're all so fucked up.
And that's why they're about to blow us all up.
And that's why they hate each other when they're so much like each other.
And now I know.
Yeah.
Now there were some scary looking people there, but then there were some beautiful people.
And you were there. And you also.
And you. And you. And you.
And you. And you.
Really, you were.
But not you.
And you know, but I learned there's no place like home.
Yes.
There's no place like home.
Except Brushwood.
Except, but Brushwood is our home now.
That's true.
Could you imagine living out there in one of those little special living places under the trees at Brushwood?
Yes, one could live out there under the trees and watch as Magdalene paraded by in her finery.
She came by several, I became Magdalene's official clothing approval person.
Yes, I think we all did.
Each day she came in and paraded her various and numerous outfits in front of me in various states of dress and undress.
I might add.
Very thoughtful of her.
Very thoughtful.
Uh, Reverend Mary Magdalene.
The wife of Jesus.
Yes, and a great sub-genius and a great American.
And Jesus was beaten severely.
Yes, they always do abuse our Lord at these affairs.
Nicky, I think, was drunk and high one night and decided to come up with this thing.
You're good for another round.
None of us have seen Passion.
So what we're going to try and read is, what's the story?
What's the story of the Passion?

reenacting.
Well, they're all the same.
They all have the same story.
Right, the same story.
I read the comic book.
We wrote down the Station of the Cross, but then we lost the piece of paper we wrote it on.
So we don't even have that as a guideline.
But we do know the first thing that happens is that Jesus is condemned.
We're going to have you do that part on the stage.
And then I'm just going to walk down the road from the stage to the frocks and just have
people beat me and spit on me and yell at me.
And then like I fall once or something.
So why are you doing all the makeup and get up?
Doesn't that happen every year anyway?
Well, I don't know.
The fate of this so-called king of the subgeniuses, his fate has been left up to his people.
The pathetic rabble, underclass subhumans, whatever you...
Or is it the Jews?
I can't remember.
Subgeniuses, Jews, one of those things with a J in it.
Subgeniuses.
Subgeniuses.
All right.
You subgeniuses decide his fate.
I don't know.

I wash my hands of it.
Where is my pilot?
Burn it!
Burn it!
Burn it!
No, burning things against the law in the Roman Catholic Church in this particular
alternative universe.
Lock him!
Lock him!
Sex molester is a murderer, a rapist, and a subgenius.
That's true.
Oh, well, he was going to be executed.
He should take my place.
Okay, we're going to crucify somebody.
It's either going to be this obscene, uncivilized, uncivilized, uncivilized, uncivilized, uncivilized,
and a mean, disgusting murderer, this crackhead, this rape and pillage.
He's actually stolen all of your cars, raped all of your daughters, and your wives, and
your moms, and your dads.
Or you can either crucify him, or as they used to do in ancient America, you can instead
crucify this guy who talks about peace all the time and smokes pot.
Kill me!
Kill me!
I thought so.
Kill me!
Oh, by the way, he also promotes free sex and says, what's the point?

women are equal. I thought that would do it.
Where's your guard now, eh, Jesus?
Let us trick him! Make him fall!
Oh!
Death to the king of the goose!
Special effects with my blood.
Death!
Let him be sprayed with pink fake blood rather than bright red fake blood.
What do you have to say for yourself?
I'm gonna buy scum!
I bought my own stick. Is this one okay?
That's a golf club!
He's allergic to golf clubs!
I will take your cross!
Bring out the gasoline!
He stole his dollar sign!
Okay! It's time to strip him of his garments!
It is the foreskin of Jesus, and it will go on sale at the Bulldada auction.
Here it is.
Look at the size of that foreskin.
It's still moist.
Look at the urethra hole in the end there.
It proves I'm Jewish.
This man...
This man has what it takes.
One hell of a circumcision.
One hell of a circumcision.
Look, he's still bleeding.
Truly, he was the son of God.
Oh, funniest fellow you ever heard. My mother's a virgin, my father's a bird.
So here's to the disciples in Galilee, and fuck them all, and we'll all live free.
James Joyce said that.
Well, I thought that was very successful.
Except it seemed rather anticlimactic.
Weren't we supposed to, like, kill him or something?
Couldn't we put, like, pour gasoline on him?
Why did we stop at the sixth station?
Couldn't we pour gasoline on him and burn him, like, as a protest against the Iraq War or something?
Yeah!
No, you'd have to cut his head off for that.
Yeah, that's great.
Behead all that you can behead.
Blah, blah, blah.
The brokers and the money changers shall be snatched and ruptured,
and from their faces shall be burnt their noses,
and from their loins, their bones, their bones,
and from their minds, their minds,
drive the fluids of the babe,
and it shall be gone unto drainage.
And my winepress shall spill over with the blood of saints and elders,
and the invisible burning blood of the angels shall wash across the taverns and the houses of ill women,
and the great library where are kept the profane tablets and ships of false wisdom,
and the cameras of the pornographer,
or the sins of the number 909,
and Forescore,
and 10.
And of them the first is the dropping of the body's voided things unto the white linens of the lamb,
and the second is the sin of laying ye down beside the small children,
and the penetration and rending asunder thereof,
and of this sin are those without number in its practice.
This is a crooked and perverse nation.
Here are laid these naked children which are unto cherubs,
and rose their innocence befouled.
And they are led by the profane,
and the unrepentant,
and those without remorse.
And even though they touch not these babes,
their images of the beast enter into them,
the children as they sneak staring into the lamp of hell,
which is the devil's jewel.
Hey everybody, put your finger in your nose!
Pick a booger out and wipe it on your clothes!
Don't know how you feel one way or another.
Whoo!
Yow!
Makes you feel happy then wipe one on your brother.
Driving your car and you're looking at your neighbor.
My nuggets from his nostrils like a saver in the labor.
He's pulling, he's tugging, he's yanking on a string.
It's a long slimy string.
Stickin' this into his brain!
Pick a booger! Pick a booger!
Pick a booger and wipe it on your clothes!
Pick a booger! Pick a booger!
Just you figure I'm pulling out your nose now
Hey everybody put your finger in your nose
Kick your finger out and wipe it on your throat
I don't know how you feel one way or another
Kick your finger out and wipe it on your brother
We're behind bars under your nose
press the chord to let it pass
Sucks like they're dope
You wanna shake neck just like that
Even more make your face known
Every day, I try my best

And bring to you my reality
All I like to do is sing
Everybody's doing it.
Pick a burger out and wrap it like you're chewing it.
Everybody's doing it. Everybody's doing it.
Pick a burger!
Pick a burger!
Pick a burger!
Pick a burger! Pick a burger!
Dr. Drummond, did you know that recent scientific studies have proven that people who eat their

boogers are on the whole healthier than those who don't because it helps stimulate your
immune system constantly.
Right. Yes, that's true.
You actually devour the stuff that your nose filters catch.
It helps prevent disease.
So even though society pretty much frowns on eating their boogers.
So man, you're free, man. You're free! We're all free finally! Nose pickers are free!
Pick a burger!
Don't be afraid, just pick a booger!
The conspiracy tried to make you believe it was bad!
Why? Just because it's gross? Is that all?
We're through singing about the boogers now.
It's not like the taste bad.
That was the last song.
Why did you hold it down?
That was the last song, Reverend Stein.
I know you wanted to sing about the boogers.
I know he wanted to sing about the boogers.
But this isn't a song about boogers anymore.
We were trying to get out of boogers.
It was the worst day, obviously!
Fuck Bob! Fuck X! Stop the X-Curture!
I am beaten!
It is over! University is over!
Why do you X-Torture me, Bob?
It was obviously the worst day.
It was the day that the song once again reminded us that we were the worst.

In its full glory, that it absolutely, after all, refused to die.
Yes, it's true. The song refused to die.
Still hadn't died.
Even if everyone in the world tried to kill it, that wouldn't matter.
Only one thing could kill the song, and that would be if the song wanted to die.
Oh yeah! If only the song knew how bad it was, maybe it would want to die and finally give up.
But even though it knew that it was bad, even though it knew it hurt the audience,
the song refused to fucking die.
Oh yeah!
It was just having too much fun being a bad song.
It was just having a blast.
The song was, anyway.
I don't know about the audience, I don't know about the musicians, or the light musicians,
the former musicians who once worked on the song and tried to escape the song,
but even when you get away from the song, even when the song's been gone for years,
even when you thought the last time you heard the song was in Arkansas,
God damn it, the song that refused to die always comes back!
Even when you think the song that refused to die has died,
somebody makes some unexpected noise,
or somebody starts snoring in the trailer,
or somebody starts giggling in a solemn moment,
and at that time you know that the song has still refused to die.
Yep, it's back.
When somebody farts at a funeral, that's part of the song that refused to die.
When somebody lies to you,
and you believe it,
that's part of the song that refused to die.
And when Spinks Drummond had to go to the hospital screaming,
that was part of the song that refused to die.
And when Philodrummond burst out of his mother's pussy screaming,
that was part of the song that refused to die.
And when the right hand broke a string,
and cussed, that was part of the song that refused to die.
Although what he had been playing was not.
No! No! No! No!
No! No! No!
But wait, but wait, but wait.
It wasn't dead yet.
See and be awed and thank the Lord that you too were not born like them.
Come one, come all.
Do you dare to see the eighth and ninth wonders of the world?
Little Theodore and Babushka.

Go, go, what?
That's wicked, that's wicked.
You're out of your minds.



Settlers need to 34 ward hands.
I'm not bent on reading rules.
I spin around in circles till I think that I might fall
And if I take two steps in a row I'm walking down the wall
I don't know what to do
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021

These reactions are normal. Enjoy them.
They broke all their equipment.
They even broke the microphone.
There's blood and sperm all over the stage.
Should we clap?
Should we clap?

Should we clap for the amino acids?
Nay.
For the amino acids are above and beyond clapping.
Also, they are deaf.
I don't know if they...
Well, they couldn't mention that because they're dumb, too.
Yes, the amino acids are deaf, and they can't hear what they do.
But their blood and sperm has been left here for us to analyze.
Perhaps they've gone back to their own planet.
We must now go.
On?
Yes, on.
Onward.
We must not mourn for the amino acids.
Nay.
Nor the pinks who must die.
Nor ourselves who must continue to go back to work, perhaps, someday.
If the exes don't get here.
But now we should go to the bonfire.
Yes!
Where we can burn!
Burn!
Burn!
Burn!
Burn!
Burn!
Not stored in any soul.
Dear friends.
So buy.
Buy and do not share.
Only buy.
Forget sharing and niceness.
Remember only consuming.
Buying and selling.
Because Bob came to me in a dream, friends.
He looked me in the eye and he said,
I want you to stop buying and start.
Selling!
So get out that most sacred organ.
Just unzip your pants.
Bend over and yank out that big old stinky wallet.
And exercise the tool of the subgenius that is your tongue.
And promise with your tongue to pledge.
And then back up your pledge.
Yes, look at that.
Look at that green.
And cabbage changing hands.
Yes, that is the moment of the true magic happens.
At that moment of transfer.
Energy.
Friends, the life is the money.
And I mean the blood.
Or, well, money and the blood and the slack.
And the life all mixed together with the sperm and blood on the stage of the X-Day revival at Brushwood.
No parking except for Bob.
You're all married now.
We're holy men and we can say that.
Oh, also.
I might add, by virtue of the fact that I'm a holy man,
I now declare that you may, as of this moment on, do anything that you want.
Go ahead.
I said it.
You can go ahead and do it.
That's the authority of the holy man.
You can do anything if only you will believe.
You can do anything if only you will believe.
Now Hal, on the other hand, spent most of his time pickling in a large vat of hot water.
He was a spa-like treatment at Brushwood.
He couldn't stay out of it.
There was a magnet in the bottom of the...
It was a water magnet in the bottom of the hot tub that continually attracted Hal back.
Not just a hot tub, but a pool as well.
But also the pool.
A pool of young talent that was there.
And there was many, many bounteous, beauteous babes that were lolling and cajoling Hal in those pools.
They wanted to comfort me because me and Philo and Doug wanted me to come to the stage.
And do rants and so forth.
And all Hal could do was stay in the hot tub, crying like a little baby, being comforted by the beautiful, young, and might I add, very well built young ladies.
They offered much comfort, I'm telling you.
And they provided a soft, warm respite to Reverend Hal.
No kidding. When you and Stang left, they patted me and said, there, there, it's alright.
They patted you all over your entire body.

They massaged your every muscle.
They gave me emphatic hugs just in the spirit of fellowship and brotherly love.
No, I tell you, you're a lousy audience.
But you laugh, you laugh.
You wouldn't have laughed had you seen the mighty Dr. Hal lolling and cajoling.
There wasn't time enough for me to get up and get down to the stage anyway.
But what about when we just brought you the microphone?
I brought the microphone to the hot tub.
So you could just...
That might have been a solution to the problem.
That's when we had the cardboard cutout of Dr. Hal on the stage, but his voice was coming from the hot tub.
He was singing that favorite song.
I did lead a round of subtenuous songs in the hot tub room in the middle of the night.
I didn't start them, the others did.
I'm sure she wonders where you are.
I'm sure she wonders where you are.
Up above the world you fly like a tea tray in the sky.
This is what Hal was saying to him.
He said, get out of here before I have the time to change my mind.
Yeah, because you know that's what this X Day is all about.
Young girl, get out of my mind.
This is Hal redoing the Gary Puckett song from X Day live.
Pretty good, huh?
This is, of course, karaoke.
Now we had the Hal cutout doll at this point in time.
The girls were getting to dance and the young ladies and women and women were all cavorting and lollygagging.
Some of them were quite formidable in appearance.
Some were gallivanting even.
Some were galumphing, you could say.
Across the stage with their mighty boots on.
Yes, well, I won't say it.
Their big hobnail boots, the ones that they stomp you with.
Right.
You wouldn't want to be on their bad side.
Let's put it that way.
As they soaked in the baptism of the genetically engineered Frankenwater of Brushwood.
H2-uh.
As opposed to the Weirwater, which is H2-awr.
Well, friends, yes, we put the un in fundamentalism and the foo in fundamentalism.
And, friends, but best of all, we put the un in fundamentalism.
And, friends, but best of all, we put the ha in hate.
That's a new bumper sticker for you.
We put the ha in hate.
Ah, yes.
And, in fact, we also put the very low in love.
We can take a soaring emotion like love and just make it low and pig-wallowing sex.
Uh, uh, uh.
That's true love, friends.
Uh, you'll pay not to really think.
That was another one.
Actually, to tell the truth, first off, let me say I'm basically stalling for the amino acids.
And, uh, because we want to get them on stage and get them burning up this stage fast.
Because right down the hill in the roundhouse is a mighty Dobbs icon.
And a mighty big pile of frop ready to be burnt.
Burnt as a sacrificial offering to that man, Bob.
And not just the wood and the frop will be burnt, but that which means the most to you will be burnt.
Your faith in Bob itself.
Ah, yes.
Praise Bob and let him go up in smoke.
Ah!
And the exes will know that at long last there's somebody down here worth evacuating.
Ah!
And here it is, we discovered it last year.
If you're going to feel silly about fighting for the saucers, feel silly the hell out of it.
Once again, the king falls.
We killed Kennedy.
Every one of us.
This Bob has lost.
Oh, it was you and me.
We killed Bob.
It wasn't puzzling evidence and his dentures and his gun.
It was we who killed Bob, yes.
We, he was born from our own brows.
He ripped from our livers.
And, uh, spunk in our wet dreams.
And so we too shall destroy him like Frankenstein's monster.
Oh wait, no, Frankenstein's monster destroys Frankenstein.
I guess, I don't know.
I don't know.
I feel gone.
Each subgenius old lowerarchy guy had his own sixteen room house.
It was so great.
Each subgenius soul was a steel cylinder.
We got to live in our house for like twelve seconds a day is all.
There were so many sycophants who needed your time.
They called our cabin animal house because of the decaying piles of watermelon covered with seething ants that were all over the floor.
We didn't have any way to take a shower there.
The life before.
But right across the street from us was the special private hot tub and spa which only X Day's staff could use.
Because the thing is so big now folks.
I mean with that many people showing up you have to have separate areas for the, uh,
At least for the hygiene.
Finkarotty.
Yeah, the Finkarotty go to the, go to the special non-hygienic area.
One of my brain suspension cables.
That's just a water swimming pool.
There it went again.
The other one is snapped now.
That leaves your brain floating in space now.
Oh, you had three of them.
Wow.
Very good.
Three brains.
You know that's, uh, two more than most people have.
Whoa, two more popped.
Man.
This doesn't look right, man.
I'm not sure what's going on here.
Those are brains.
They were.
They started out as brains.
You can kind of see the resemblance of brains.
Do them right now.
When you look at them.
Now, uh, see they can lift up.
They can fly.
Oh, no, they're not brains.
They're just cheap sound effects.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
I didn't know I was on the air.
Can you imagine if this show was on in the daytime?
The gigantic information engine that would boom across America.
Then we'd have to sell commercials and stuff like that.
Blanking over the information superhighway.
We'd have products we'd be selling on the show.
Yeah.
I saw quite a few products there and many of them used my art.
What am I going to do?
Do people come to X Day and sell all the stuff, your stuff?
At the sell, sell, sell, sell.
Yeah, they do.
They sell their little stuff.
They sell their brawny shirt.
They sell their arms.
They sell their chilly winter nights.
And they sell space on their butts.
They sell their oil-burning miner's lamps.
They sell their, their, their chop, chop, chops.
But they all want to ingratiate themselves.
with the older sub gleamies.
Well that's a good thing, that's what this culture for.
They sell their rattlesnakes.
They sell their bodies.
Now there was one quite lovely young lady who was dancing around the fire.
Oops, and they spill the coffee at Pirate Cat Radio.
This woman was selling...
I'm really sorry to hear about that.
No!
Are you talking about the Marine?
Yes, she was in the Marine Corps.
She was headed for Japan as a corporal in the Marine Corps.
But there she was at Brushwood dancing around unclad around the fire.
You need that kind of thing.
Yes, well...
You always notice if they don't have clothes on, don't you?
Well they want you to notice.
Wow, wow, wow.
Anyway, there were all sorts of folks dancing around out there.
Not all, so...
She actually jammed with the band on the Friday night too.
She came up and did a song.
She was really quite something and it was amazing to learn she was heading back to Milford.
She was a military service after the settlement.
She was sweet.
She was.
She came up and introduced herself to me.
She was quite nice.
And I'm trying to...
I think her name was Lee or something, wasn't it?
Well now it's all there in the record book.
Lee or D or B or G or K.
They're all Marines of Lee.
It's an honorary name given to Marines after the war.
These oilings will calm the boiling...
Forget King Kong, just remember Urban Gorilla.
A beautiful female vocalist.
La la la la.
Cracing our stage.
Woo!
Reverend Lee Burles had a song she wanted to share with us folks.
And I'm sure it'll be better than the one you hear.
Don't pull your love out on me babe.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
Okay, this is the first time I've done this with an audience or whatever.
Yeah.
Can I take it off?
Yeah, you can take it off.
Take it off.
Woo!
Yeah!
A lady just entered the room.
Take your hats off.
Let's have some decorum here.
I mean, after all, everybody here is a subgenius.
So come on, let's tone it down.
Dance like a pokey, you and me.
This just like came to me one day.
It was really weird.
So, and...
Those feelings rollin' like a rollercoaster.
Those feelings rollin' like a rollercoaster.
Those feelings rollin' like a rollercoaster.
Just watching the doors, so that they had less of an actions.
Just watching theoptions hide from us.
I'm your fan.
Y'all still wanna burn away.









ates.
operations around us. Such a great experience, gonna share it with the universe. How would you do it? Different ways for each individual. Trails created, a path your own expression. The journey has just begun.
Spiling out in all directions in the rays of the suns. Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them. Spacecrafts forgotten. Space junk, the funk that makes our limbs want to move. Now we're on the groove.
Galaxies swirling, comets burning, vibrations around us. So much is happening in one moment. Lose your mind, see what you find.
More than the bumping clouds, the waves are coming.
I'm going it's your time to follow your hands. It's just a glimpse of so much more.
Wondering what is the score? Open your door.
Spiling out in all directions in the rays of the suns. Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them. Spacecrafts forgotten. Space junk, the funk that makes our limbs want to move. Now we're on the groove.
Galaxy swirling, comets burning, vibrations around us. So much is happening in one moment. We are the universe. What could we do if we didn't have space? We have our own secrets that are hidden. We can't escape. We have a unique race so we can't escape.

Comets burning vibrations around us
Creatures of earth disperse
The truth of knowledge, creation of destruction
It's not fair, don't despair, Baba's there
Create your own faith in your own taste
Ultimate risk to make a mistake
Now you know, no more fear
Slack is here, spiraling out
In all directions, in the rays of the sun
Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them
Spacecrafts forgotten, space junk
The funk that makes your limbs want to move
Now we're in the groove
Galaxies swirling, comets burning
Vibrations around us
A beacon of light, it's quite a sight
It's okay, let's go play with the energy that is good
An important thing to get, let's not forget
The man with the gun

The fire in the pipe
Smoke rising high
Beyond the sky
The hope to help us cope
Spiling out in all directions
In the rays of the sun
Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them
Spacecrafts forgotten, space junk
The funk that makes your limbs want to move
Now we're in the groove
Galaxies swirling, comets burning
Vibrations around us
The space ships have landed
The minds expanded
An indefinable being
A subgenius
Nothing else like it
Don't expect this shit
Look at what they get
Spiling out
In all directions
In the rays of the sun
Planets, satellites, moons, whatever you want to call them
Spacecrafts forgotten, space junk
The funk that makes your limbs want to move
Now we're in the groove
Galaxies swirling, comets burning
Vibrations around us
The spirit is here
An unshadable Ebola
Great meaning extreme
More to life than what is seen
Stay away from that neat machine
You the abnormal mechanism of impossible
Make possible
Spiling out in all directions
In the rays of the sun
We are sinks in the fun
Look out fuckin' up
We're coming out way get実
Food for thinking


This place is not The entender
It's me
The報 Del delicious
Fruits
In every single
algae
The most lonely
Being good for your life
The funk that makes your dreams wanna move.
Now we're in the groove.
Galaxy swirling, comets burning.
Vibrations around us.
Vibrations around us.
Vibrations around us.
Thank you.
Reverend Lee Bowles!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Lee Bowles!
Woo!
Vibrations around us.
Oh, yes, dear friends, Acid Corpse,
with a guest, Reverend Lee Burroughs.
Friends, you can hear more of the Swingin' Love Corpses
and or the amino acids at quiveringbrain.com
or www.theaminoacids.com.
And thanks to Potare Nostril for recording that stuff
at 7X Day Brushwood.
If you want to know more about
Puzzling Evidence Show on KPFA in Berkeley,
check out kpfa.org.
And Little Theodore can be found at
littletheodore.com
and that's Theodore spelled F-Y-O-D-O-R.
And everything else is at subgenius.com
because this is the Hour of Slack
and it's the Church of the Subgenius
and our new official post office box,
well, it's the old Cleveland Heights post office box.
The Texas Austin office had to move,
so now we're at post office box 181417,
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Yes, the Subgenius Foundation has evacuated Texas
for the duration.
can get me back up, I really want to see what it looks like.
The gerublik wird ASKEDUR,
しまen wirPLANNAH VIRTUL scan an adress
we meet in darlem colonia









Vissu
A
Ge
ead
