Advice to younger subgenii.
If you should be unfortunately lucky enough to meet Bob and talk to Bob,
never ask the question, why?
The hills are alive with the sound of the subgenius.
Power of splash.
We're space cadets and we are proud to say
Bob?
The indisputable leader of the gang.
He's the boss, he's the VIP, he's the championship.
He's the most tip-top.
Bob?
Cap.
It's not a crutch, Dad.
It's something I've come to rely on to help me through life.
They should all drown in lakes of blood.
Now they will know why they are afraid of the dark.
Now they will learn why they fear the night.
Friends, I want to hear a praise Bob!
I want to hear a praise Bob damn Bob!
I want to hear a damn praise God Bob!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
What are you? What are you?
He will not reveal his identity, so for today we're calling him Bob.
It's what we call Bob.
Why isn't Bob, Bob, Bob?

What?
Why don't you tell him Bob?
Cause does Bob Al最爱你 Right now buddy my died boy!









Raj, everything is on the table!


He ain't got Tillie!
No I ain't!
is it? No really, what time is it? Does anybody know what time it is? 1230? 1230? Is it 1230?
Is it 1230? Well I disagree. I don't believe it's 1230. When everyone knows that it's not
1230, it's the end times. That's right brothers and sisters, it's the end times and we at
the Church of the Subgenius are here to give you a message. A message which may even be
save your lives. I'd like to tell you a little story about a man who joined the Church of
the Subgenius a few years ago. I'm not going to name any names. When he first started out
he was kind of an outcast. Nobody really wanted anything to do with him. They all thought
he was a weirdo or a freak. People wouldn't talk to him. He could be the last man in the
bar at 2am and he still could never get any pussy.
Well one day he found a Subgenius pamphlet laying down on the ground and he read it and
he said, wow, you know these people are just like me. These people are outcasts just like
me. So he wrote into the address and he bought himself a membership in the Church of the
Subgenius. Pardon me a minute. I hear you all talking in the back. Yeah keep talking.
I can hear you back there. You won't be talking after July 5th, 1998, do you? Well, I'm going

though you'll be screaming in fucking pain well as i was saying this this poor pathetic little
loser he he couldn't do nothing right but he went out and he sent his money into the church
of subgenius and he got himself a membership became an ordained preacher for bob
he went and bought himself some bob t-shirts and wore them until they rotted off his back
he bought all the subgenius books and memorized them cover to cover you could ask him what's on
page 369 of revelation x and he'd say there is no page 369 of revelation x you could say what's
on page 69 of the book of the subgenius and he would tell you what's on page 69 of the book
of the subgenius word for word in other words he would tell you what's on page 69 of the book
He was a sickening bobby.
He got to meet all the other subgeniuses,
but since he kept blabbing on and on and on
about all this meaningless bob shit
without ever catching on to the truth,
he just irritated them,
and the outcasts cast him out.
And he still didn't ever get any pussy.
Well, eventually, the subgeniuses,
they just didn't want to hang around with him anymore,
and nobody else wanted to hang around with him either
because he was still a pathetic loser.
And finally, his parents didn't want anything to do with him,
and they threw him out of his basement where he was living.
And he didn't have a job or anything,
so he just ended up becoming a drunk
and sleeping out in the gutters.
You know, he was cuddling up in the cardboard boxes
back in the alleys, dumpster diving and all this.
And one day, a group of people came up,
and they told him,
they told him about Jesus.
That's right, they told him about Jesus.
And they took him, and they gave him a job,
and they gave him a place to stay,
and they introduced him to a nice Christian girl.
And he thought that everything was pretty good.
You know, he ended up getting married,
having some kids, a house with a white picket fence
and a dog in the yard.
He hated the church of the subgenius.
He felt that he'd been shafted by them.
He felt that the devil had come into his life
and tried to steer him down this false path.
He hated the church of the subgenius.
He hated the subgenius mythology.
He hated the belief system.
He hated Bob.
He hated Bob.
I know, most of you can't imagine
what it would be like to hate Bob, maybe.
He hated Bob.
He denied.
He denied that there would be an exist invasion
on July 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m.
He cursed Reverend Stang.
He denied Dr. Lagune three times in one day.
He spit on Jaina Hypercletes.
But then who has him?
What, brothers and sisters, will happen to this heretic
on July 5th, 1998?
Would anyone like to take a guess
what's gonna happen to this heretic
when the saucers come?
He will be on the escape vessels on July 5th, 1998.
He will be on those saucers with the sex goddesses
because he paid his $30 subgenius membership fee.
He had his membership card in the church.
And even if you were to go out today
and turn your back on Bob,
did you ever heard any of this?
Even if you were to go out tomorrow
and turn your back on Bob, did you ever heard any of this?
And get a job, maybe even as president
of the United States or a cop somewhere
ripping apart people's cars searching for dope,
you would still be able to get on the pleasure saucers
as long as you had that subgenius membership card,
as long as you paid for that subgenius membership card.
Can you say the same?
Can you say that you're gonna be
on those escape vessels on July 5th?
Do you think you're gonna squeak by
just because you're cool?
Do you think coolness is gonna get you
onto those space vessels?
Well, what are you gonna do on X day
when suddenly all your paid in full subgenius buddies
disappear?
Many people would say, well, I'm not gonna join up
with the Church of the Subgenius.
The Church of the Subgenius is an organization
of non-joiners, so I'm not gonna join.
I'm not gonna join.
Well, I got a surprise for you folks.
You're not gonna be joining us on X day either.
And X day, you have no idea what's awaiting you all on X day.
True slack, true slack is like better than getting gang
sucked by a horde of horny, buxom Nordic Valkyries
while eating a big juicy T-bone steak on your birthday.
But X day, X day makes slack seem like you're wearing
a shit helmet with a padlocked chin strap.
That's right.
By comparison, X day is gonna make any slack you have
seem like nothing.
Now, you might think, well, I'm not gonna spend any money
on this Church of the Subgenius.
I'm not gonna spend any money on this.
I got better things to do with my $30.
I can go out and buy a hoodie in the blue.
I can go out and buy a blowfish CD or something without money.
And I can sit at home and I can listen to my hoodie
and the blowfish CD over and over and over again.
And I can sit back and just jam and have me a good time
listening to my CD player.
Because you like music so much.
Well, on X day, that CD player's gonna melt
into a pile of slack.
That's right.
All your cheap pink entertainment devices
are gonna be destroyed in the fires of the Xist invasion.
There will be no music then.
The only music there will be
will be the screams of the dying.
You may not like the sound of this type of music,
but we subgeniuses will damn well be dancing to the tune.
So what can you do?
You can join up with the church of the subgenius
or you'll be singing in the choir.
That's right, brothers and sisters.
You'll be singing along with all that screaming and pain
and all that horrible moaning and wailing and praying.
You know, when I was in Chicago last night,
I was down in the dressing room getting ready
and all of a sudden, the church of the subgenius







was calling me to go up here and preach to the folks out there.
And a cockroach was crawling across the table.
And I took out my ink pen and I was kinda poking it along
and it'd run, go across the table and I'd reach over
and poke it the other way and I'd watch it run.
And I'd sit there and watch the little things
that got so frustrated.
And then I took out my cigarette lighter
and I started singeing around his antennas.
And then I reached around behind him
and started burning.

And he was burning off his wings and he flipped over
and his little legs were kicking and screaming
and flying around in the air.
On next day, if you don't have a membership card,
you're gonna pray.
You're gonna wish.
You're gonna wish that you were that cockroach.
That's right, you will wish you were that cockroach on next day.
You'll wish that you could just be tortured
for a little while and then put out of your misery
in a burst of flame
by some sadistic,
subgenius preacher.
But we're not gonna make it that easy on you.
No.
Brothers and sisters, the river is rising
and you're gonna drown.
Tonight, I am offering you a personal
flotation device to keep your head above this rising river.
I'm offering you a personal flotation device
in the form of this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
The time has come nigh for you tonight.
It is no accident that you are all here.
You all have been chosen to receive this message.
You have been chosen because the water's rising up
and it's just about to rise over your heads.
And we're gonna throw you this flotation device
and you can either grab on, or you can just go.

You can either go on to it and live,
or you can pass it on by,
and you're gonna go down like yesterday's shit
swirling down the toilet.
It's no accident.
You must join the Church of the Subgenius, or die.
You'll be damn glad that you joined.
You will be damn glad that you spent that pitiful $30.
I really don't want to see all of you die.
I really don't want to see all of you die.


Some of you I do.
But I don't want to see all of you die.
We are here to help you.
We are your friends.
We are your friends.
You must know, can't you feel, by looking at this man Bob,
how much he loves you?
Don't you realize how much Bob loves you?
He loves you so much that he's willing to offer you
a chance to have your every perverse desire
be brought to life.
Your every sick sexual fantasy shall be made flesh before you.
Trust us.
Trust Bob.
Amen.
Maybe some of you still aren't willing to accept Bob into your lives.
Perhaps you need some proof.
Perhaps Bob...
Perhaps...

My main man, J.R. Bob Dobbs here will give me the power,
the power to heal some lucky member of the audience tonight.
Is there anybody here that needs to be healed
of some horrible sickness?
Wait, we have a man here waving his hands.
Come on up here, brother.
Come on up here.
Come on up here, brother.
Let me help you.
Good evening, brother.
What's your name?
My name is Eric.
Eric.
And...
And...
What brought you here tonight, Eric?
What brought you here tonight?
My crippled right leg.
Your crippled right leg brought you here tonight.
Well, Bob...
Bob's gonna give me the power to heal you of your maladies.
Bob's telling me that you have a problem in your leg.
Bob's telling me you have a tumor.
Bob's telling me you have a tumor.
In your leg that you need healed.
Is this true?
And Bob told me that you had a terrible heart condition, brother.
Is this true?
It's true?
And Bob tells me that you have bursitis in your shoulder.
Am I right?
Have you got bursitis in your shoulder?
He has bursitis in his shoulder.
He has many maladies.
But Bob is also telling me that you've been having problems with your liver.
Is that true?
And that you've been having a problem with sexual dysfunction.
Is that true?
Yes.
It's true he's suffering from an obstruction.
Is it true that you're having some problem with your bowels?
That you're having shit in weeks?
And that you're here tonight because you were so full of shit that you had to come down here to see subgenius preachers?
And that you're here tonight because you were so full of shit that you had to come down here to see subgenius preachers?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
And Bob also told me that you have a problem with your liver.
And that you have a problem with really bad acne on your ass.
Is it true?
It's all over.
It's sad.
And that all the women call you pizza butt.
Is that true?
What women?
That's so sad.
A man with sexual dysfunction and a pizza butt who can't get a woman.
Bob is saying that you need to be healed of these maladies.
Bob is saying that you've had a problem with your throat too.
And your ears.
And the glands.
And your armpits.
And your left index finger.
And your right middle finger.
The one that keeps getting stiff every time a police car goes by.
Is this true brother?
This is the truth.
Well brother, tonight we're going to heal you.
We're going to heal you brother.
Oh yes.
Brother Bevilacqua is going to come up here to help me out with his healing.
Sometimes the power gets in me and it's so strong that I burn out the wires and actually accidentally kill the person.
Turns me into a bit of a emo, never년
you. But he, who brothers, he isn't going to be needing this anymore. Yeehaw. Come on
up, brother. Come on up. How are you feeling now? How are you feeling now? I'm feeling
amazing. Wow. He's shit himself. He's shit with everybody. Be thankful for this man who
is shit himself. Now go on out and find yourself a woman in this crowd and see if you can make
your dysfunctional organs work. But I've got total faith that Bob is going to do this for
you. I've got total faith that Bob is going to do this for you. Yes, brothers and sisters,
you've seen the miracles tonight. You've seen the healings and the inflictions of pain.
I see my brother here is actually...
Over here carousing with a woman now who's not looking at him as if he were a disgusting
squid. Oh, look at that. He's getting some action. And Bob promises all of you all the
action you'll ever need, all the action you'll ever want, and more.
Here is my dick. This is my dick right here.
Two and a half.
Feet long, solid aluminum.
And after 1998, I'm going to be fucking some people up bad with it.
The orifices are going to be stretching. The heads are going to be collapsing.
And brothers and sisters, I'm not going to use any lubricant.
Oh, yes.
I have but one thing left to say to you all.
The supermarket has run out of food.
The highway out of town's jammed up. Gridlock.
The doctor's dead.
There's a meteor heading for your town.
And J.R. Bob Dobbs is sitting at the wheel of the last train out of town.
The brothers...
sisters...
you gotta get on that train. Because when you come right down to it, you either gotta
ride that train or you're gonna get tied to the tracks. Remember, it is far better to
be a speeding car than it is to be a blind man crossing against the light.
Thank you.
Amen, brothers and sisters. Can I get an amen?
Amen!
Can I get a hallelujah?
Hallelujah!
What do you all want tonight, brothers and sisters?
Light!
What do you want?
Light!
Brothers and sisters, I need you to say it again, but I need you to say it loud enough
that the exes that are on their way here will hear you. And they're gonna crank up the radio
and roll down the windows on their spaceship.
And they're gonna light up a big fat-frop stick and smile. And they're gonna be coming
down. And you gotta let them know that you're all waiting for them. So, what is it that
you want, brothers and sisters?
Slack!
Yes, brothers and sisters, slack! Oh, yes. And who is gonna give you this slack?
Ball!
What the heck?
Brothers and sisters, the train's leaving, and a lot of you guys are on the right track.
Woo!
Ladies and gentlemen, praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Thank you very much!
Well, that was some pretty amazing preaching there, huh? Yes, indeed. Friends, that was
Dr. Kitahdin Legume at the Madison, Wisconsin, Devival at the Club DeWash, which burned to
the ground the next day during our world tour in February 1976. And this hour of slack and the next
one will be a tribute to Dr. Legume because Dr. Legume died last month after a battle with cancer,
the incurable kind. I went to see him at his home in Seattle about a week before he boarded the
saucers and he was still hobbling around and making sick, sick, sick jokes. But he was in
hospice and didn't last much longer after that. I believe his mother and all of his siblings had
already died of cancer. I'd known him for 26 years and he was one of my best friends.
He practically invented the X-Day drills and certainly kept him jumping with unexpected
stunts.
Terrifying surprises. But I'm not going to do a big tearjerker eulogy here. It'll serve the memory
of this great subgenius much better if we just hear his masterful live devival preaching and
some of his calls in to the late Chaz Smith's ESO Swamp Radio on WCSB Cleveland over the years
because the subgenius must have slack.
Incorrected by the incorrect. Incorrection box.
Speaking of incorrections, they're everywhere.
Let's take a quick flip to the Akashic Records.
And the corruptigating worms of which Dave has spoken in the past.
We may list any page and see what we're talking about.
And them and they and those. The others.
We've got them conspiracy bugs. We've got corruptigating worms.
The ludicrous.
They're all creeping up on us.
You've got your face raping bats.
You've got your face raping bats.
You've got your face raping bats.



You've got your rape gorillas.
Your vomit ultrasonuses.
P-dog.
Poop dog.
A poop dog hat.
And what of War War?
What of War War?
We forgot War War.
No one even knows what War War represents.
It's as if they've never even heard of him before.
And what of Bob?
Did we forget J.R. Bob Dobbs?
The thing that brought us together.
The essence of slack.
We've got to learn a lesson.
The essence of slack.
And the essence of the whole thing.
We're just starting to get holy and righteous and then you went and called us.
Yes, that's it for everybody.
It's Lagugo.
I suppose you're mighty proud of yourself playing that insolent insanity and decontrolling mind control gravy on this here airwave.
It was all an accident.
It was all just a total accident.
A turtle accident?
Not just a turtle accident.
The eternal.
The eternal.
We were just downloading Claudine Lager off Morpheus together.
It was a together kind of moment.
And Legume says something with his computer that they all play at the same time as they open.
And suddenly, he started ICQing me, telling me he was going to shoot himself in the head from the sound.
Dr. Legume, you sound kind of sick.
Yeah, like you already shot yourself in the head, man.
Did you actually do it and are still alive there, like Trotsky, screaming and yelling at what's-his-name?
No, but that would be a step up.
Oh, really?
Really.
Oh, yeah.
What, do you have the Philadelphia flu badge?
Oh, yeah, he's got to go in for like real, he's got to get the radioactive isotopes injected into his bloodstream.
What?
Well, yeah, there's a story behind that.
I had it done yesterday.
Oh, my God.
I was just telling some folks about it.
You're just now...
I had to drink two great big-ass bottles of Barry Nasty semen-textured crap.
And so I drink these two bottles of it, and I get to the hospital.
And they say, our machine's broke.
I have no fear, Captain.
Your front seat stage is here, and I'll straighten those ropes.
You were full of chemicals in there for nothing?
And I'm sailing right out for high.
You'll watch me come in by the wheel here.
I start getting a little bit upset.
And I say, pardon me, but are you trying to tell me that after I drank those two great big bottles of this vile crap
that your machine is broken and I did it for nothing?
And you couldn't bother to call and tell me, sir, don't drink the crap?
No.
Jeff, that is very nutritious stuff.
You want to pay attention, close attention to what your holism doctor says to you.
You know, I've sometimes suspected that the medical...
Okay, where do diseases come from?
Doctors, man.
Right.
The doctors make the diseases, then they cure you of them.
When you go to get a kidney stone removed, where do they put the kidney stone in the guy they just were doing the...
A guy who did not have a kidney stone.
Right.
That's right.
Yeah.
Or they plant a new one back in you and they sell the old one to the aliens.
Dr. Legume, I wouldn't be surprised if your problems didn't originally come from some doctor
who injected something into your mom's womb when you were gestating.
Could I ask you...
As a medical experiment.
Could I ask you one question?
Actually, you were a medical experiment, weren't you?
Yeah, that's true.
He was.
He was one of the first, wasn't he?
Or was he the second wave?
The ones with the smaller apertures and the little...
Besides Bob.
Yeah, besides Bob.
I was at one time a tiny, scrawny little child who was injected with these horrendous hormones and steroids.
It was this really freaky time when I gained like a hundred pounds and a foot of height in like three months.
Now, if you were to say 23 years, perhaps that would make more sense.
But three months, no.
Then what happened?
That will make the doctor smile.
Then what happened?
Then it's...
Well, then I went back to school.
And all those people who...
Beat on a little skinny boy were suddenly faced with this giant, foul-tempered behemoth.
Was your mom named Rosemary?
A genius is born.
Exposed to strange chemicals, toxic nerve gases around New Jersey where he was growing up.
Scrawny and runtish.
Then cured by a miracle of mad science.
Dr. Legume now resembles...
Would probably get work as a movie expert.
He's a master of playing bikers and...
Sodomizers.
Evil villains, evil warlords and so forth.
Also those guys, you know, like the village people type guys that you...
He'd play humongous because he looks good in a leather mask.
They say he has his father's eyes.
Actually, Dr. Legume has a handsome sort of a baby face.
When he smiles, he has these dimples that will hold golf balls.
You cannot see the satanic bequest deep in his...
He's got a skull there.
He looks so baby-like.
I want...
You can't tell.
I want you between me and the others.
Dr. Legume.
Actually, I...
You know, there is a...
He was invented by the barium enema and gained its proportionate strength and wall-climbing ability.
Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yes, we all need that.
The wall-climbing ability imparted by a barium enema.
Wall-climbers.
That's what Bob told me to do.
That's what Bob said to do.
I'm wall-climbing.
I'm wall-climbing.
Yeah, baby.
Right on.
That was from the ESO Swamp Radio show of November 2002, and we'll hear more of that later.
I guess Legume and Chaz are jamming on a saucer somewhere now.
Those two were actually very best friends.
Anyway, here's a recording of Dr. Legume's sermon from the Akron, Ohio, revival.
Of 2002.
A suicide note. Is it mine?
Give it back!
Man, I found this suicide note.
It was from a young teenage girl.
At least from the content, I'm assuming it was a teenage girl.
It says here,
I'm tired of the pain in my heart.
You are all so unfair to me.
You don't love me.
You don't love me.
You don't understand me.
Everyone hates me because I'm fat and ugly.
The only thing I ever wanted was to be with Patrick.
But I found out he was at the mall with that slut Michelle.
And I hope they'll all feel bad when I'm gone.
But, tough.
I tried to talk to you about it, Mom.
But you was more interested in your soap operas than my real problems.
Awwwwwww.
Well, I'm not going to bother any of you anymore.
And I hope Patrick is real happy at the mall with his slut.
You're going so far, you!
I hope you're all happy now. Goodbye.
What a stupid little bitch.
Fucking shit, yeah.
Then the very idea of offing yourself because of some stupid little problem like that makes me think,
well,
what is a problem that's worthy of killing yourself?
And it reminded me,
it reminded me of when I was a child.
When I was a child, I grew up in a town called Mansfield, New Jersey.
And out on Route 206, which cuts right through Mansfield, New Jersey,
there's a farmer's market.
It's the biggest shop in town.
Everybody goes there.
It's the only reason anybody comes to Mansfield, is to shop at this farmer's market.
But across the street from this farmer's market, there was a junkyard.
Not just any junkyard.
It was an old military junkyard full of crashed World War II planes and trucks and tanks and such.
And it was owned by a man named John Mihaljec.
John Mihaljec had a lot to say.
He had so much to say that out on Route 206, down the entire length of his property,
he had these huge billboards with pictures of political figures on them.
They had a picture at the time, it was the 1970s,
there was a picture of President Richard Nixon with the bleeding body of a dead rat.
And there were these long, long ramps that he would put up on these billboards on his property.
And the town hated him.
When you drove by, the ramps on the sides were so long and involved
that the cars would have to slow down to five miles an hour just to read them.
Oh yeah, they hated him bad.
So what did John Mihaljec do?
He ran for senator.
That pissed off all the people who hated him even more.
All the townspeople hated him.
One day they said,
we're going to finally take care of this John Mihaljec problem.
So one night, some of the townspeople got together,
in the best tradition of the angry villagers in Frankenstein movies,
they all got their torches together and they went down to his property
and they burned his house to the ground.
Oh, they burned his house to the ground, but that's not all they did,
because his wife was in it.
They burned his wife in the house.
And they killed his wife.
They killed his wife and they burned down his house.
And they said, finally we're going to see the end of John Mihaljec,
because no man is going to be able to stand up after something like this.
John Mihaljec had other ideas.
John Mihaljec, in the smoking ashes of the ruins of his home,
the smoking ashes of his now dead beloved wife,
built a giant teepee on that spot
and let everybody know that we're not going to run him off his land.
The townspeople hated it even more.
So one night, the townspeople,
in the best tradition of the angry villagers in Frankenstein movies,
once again got together
and they went out to John Mihaljec's land
and they burned down his teepee.
This, they said, would run off John Mihaljec.
How much more could one man stand?
He would leave, he would kill himself,
he would do something, but he would be out of their hair forever.
John Mihaljec.
John Mihaljec had other ideas.
And so, on the smoking ruins of his teepee,
built on the smoking ruins of his home and his dead beloved wife,
John Mihaljec built another teepee,
an identical teepee to the first,
but with one small difference.
It was made of steel!
The villagers didn't know what to do about that.
They hated John Mihaljec.
They wanted to run John Mihaljec off his land.
But those stupid motherfuckers never could figure out
how to burn down a steel teepee.
And John Mihaljec lived there until he died an old, old man.
Can I get a praise John Mihaljec?
Yes, John Mihaljec!
Can I get a praise John Mihaljec?
Yes, John Mihaljec!
Oh, brothers and sisters,
John Mihaljec found the perfect solution to his problems.
Maybe you have problems too.
Maybe your problems could be solved by giving up or committing suicide.
Probably not.
Well, come to think of it,
we probably solved all your problems.
But we're not the kind of a cult that's going to advocate suicide.
We are the first anti-suicide suicide cult.
One day we will all get together,
and after the point of time we will all drink Kool-Aid.
Then nothing will happen, we'll just drink some Kool-Aid.
We'll die until we say so.
Yes, so I'm sure you have problems too,
but I don't think that many of your problems are going to be solved by a big tin teepee.
However,
there is always a solution to your problems.
And only the perfect solution to your problems.
And brothers and sisters,
Bob,
Bob will give you a blueprint.
A blueprint for your perfect teepee of vengeance.
It will help you get over your problems without having to take a hundred Tylenol.
Yeah, Tom Waits.
Are there any Tom Waits fans here?
Well, I remember there was a song by Tom Waits
where he said something about a woman.
She was a crumbling beauty with a tattooed tear on her cheek.
For each year her man was away.
And then Tom Waits said,
Hell, there's nothing wrong with her that a hundred dollars won't fix.
Well, brothers and sisters,
it's even better for all of you.
Because there's nothing wrong with you that thirty dollars won't fix.
Yes, brothers and sisters,
because that thirty dollars,
when put in the hands of Bob,
will help deliver unto you the blueprint for your own tin teepee.
That tin teepee will fill that tin teepee-shaped hole in your lives.
Oh yes, brothers and sisters,
you may not have very small problems,
but you have them kind of problems.
Oh yes,
but Reverend Stang,
he's here to help you.

He's here to help you with those problems.
Maybe that hole in your life is shaped like a little bob pin.
Maybe that hole in your life is shaped like a bumper sticker or a t-shirt.
And brothers and sisters,
through Bob's love,
Reverend Stang is here tonight
to fill that t-shirt-shaped hole in your lives,
brothers and sisters.
Oh yes, brothers and sisters.
Can I get a praise, Bob?
We're filling CD-shaped holes tonight.
Oh yes, brothers and sisters.
And I saw a lot of you out there tonight
who have CD-shaped holes in your lives
that are just begging to be filled.
And Reverend Stang is here tonight
to help Bob fill your holes.
Can I get a praise, Bob?
Praise Bob!
I'm a naughty boy.
A bad boy slapped my nasty ass.
I'm a bad, bad boy.
Nasty ass.
A naughty boy.
A nasty, nasty, bad, bad, naughty boy.
Bad, bad, bad, bad, naughty boy.
Naughty boy.
The American people already know that I'm a naughty boy.
A bad boy.
I'm going bad, bad, bad, bad.
Slapped my nasty ass.
This next classic Dr. Legume rant is from the Baltimore Devival of 2007.
Incidentally, he really is dead.
And I say this because there was a short time in 1995
when we thought he'd been killed in a motorcycle accident.
It started out as a mistake,
but he deliberately let it turn into a hoax
until all his friends were gathered for a wake in Cleveland,
which he attended in disguise, dressed as a ghost.
When I said,
if there really was a Bob, Legume would still be alive,
at that cue, he revealed himself
and berated us all for not poking him with a stick
to see if he really was dead.
Hence the special intro by Pisces.
Is there a Legume in the house?
Is there a Legume in the house?
Well, of course Legume is dead.
You know Legume is dead.
Legume has been dead several times.
But you know what? It's not a big deal.
You know why?
Legumes fuck the devil.
The devil was so smitten with the ass-fucking he got from Legume
that he wears a little locket of picture of him and Legume with it.
You know, it's really kind of creepy.
Legume's been to hell and back
and probably has the STDs from the devil to prove it.
That being said, if Legume is not dead,
I would love to see him come up here
and share with us his feelings on maybe being not dead
or maybe being dead or...
you certainly look dead.
By the way, y'all, I am scared shitless of this man.
It is taking everything in my body not to run right now.
In fact, you know what? Forget it. Screw it.
Sorry, it's been a while since I've been in a church.
I feel naked without my gas can.
It's a funny story.
The last time I preached in a church like this was, I guess, 1996.
And it was in Pittsburgh.
And I brought a shotgun with me to church.
I brought this big black Mossberg 500 shotgun in there with me.
And at one point during my sermon,
blew a hole in the ceiling of the church.
And there was this really hot-looking female cop in the front row.
And afterwards, I'm carrying this shotgun out
and she walks up to me and she says,
that's the most realistic prop I've ever seen.
But it's been a while since I preached.
It's been about a decade or so.
I hope I'm not dead.
I hope I'm not too rusty.
Because I'd like to ask you all a few questions tonight.
Do you ever feel like the universe has positioned a funnel
for all of its shit over your life?
Yes!
All the time.
Do you feel the people around you draining your intelligence
as you speak to them?
Oh, yeah!
That's so stupid!
Does it bother you that the decisions that affect your life
are apparently being made by a pack of insidious fucktards?
Fuck them!
No, it's fucking positive.
Fuck them!
Do you ever find yourself sitting in a stoplight
in the middle of nowhere,
in the middle of the night,
as minutes of your life kick away,
and you realize that you've become a slave
to a glorified party light?
Yeah!
I want those kids back!
That's right, go ahead.
One last question.
Do you have $30?
Yes!
If you answered yes to any or all of these questions,
you can be saved.
So true.
J.R. Bob Dobbs is a spiritual GPS.
Yes!
To show you the way, the path through life,
the path to slack,
the superhighway of slack,
where there are no speed limits,
and there are no stoplights,
and those insidious fucktards are just bugs on the windshield.
So true.
And when you come to the end of that road,
well...
Death.
When you come to the end of that road,
you don't want to wake up
in some bland bargain basement afterlife
that you weren't expecting.
No!
That would suck.
You don't want to end up in some
shitty third world afterlife
with flies crawling around on your soul.
That would be terrible.
No!
Well, I'm here to tell you,
it doesn't matter if you're pagan or Christian.
It doesn't matter if you're Jewish
or if you're Buddhist.
It doesn't matter if you're an atheist
or even a Canadian.
It doesn't matter because you tonight
have the opportunity
to spend your afterlife
in the coolest eternity
ever devised by man nor gods.
I would love that.
I'm talking about, of course,
subgenius heaven.
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Now, you might ask,
what does subgenius heaven have
that other national brand afterlives don't?
Beer.
Beer!
Now, it's been well established
by Polish clerics and polka bands
that in heaven there is no beer.
But in subgenius heaven,
you have all the beer you want,
brothers and sisters.
Praise God!
Can I get a praise beer?
Praise beer!
In subgenius heaven,
there are verdant fields
of the stickiest green buds of froth.
And you can just walk into the middle of the field
and light it on fire and stand.
There are rivers of the finest liquors
that you can just dive in,
swim and drink.
And you'll never ever get tired
climbing crack rock mountains.
Praise God!
Praise God!
In subgenius heaven,
you can huff the everlasting jankum.
In subgenius heaven,
you can have sex with anyone
or anything you please
and do all of the most perverse,
sick and twisted things
that your sister would never let you do to her.
Oh no!
That's so cute!
In subgenius heaven,
you can travel back and forth
between the afterlife and earth
in case you want to come back
to tease fat ladies and Irishmen.
I hate Irish.
And when you return to subgenius heaven,
no one will have fucked with your stuff.
Yeah!
Now, national brand religions,
they ask a pretty high price
for their afterlife.
You have to give them all your money
or you have to go to church every Sunday
and kiss the CEO's butt.
Bullshit!
Some religions, hell,
they want you to strap a dynamite vest to you
and blow yourself to shit
just to get to the afterlife.
That sucks!
They don't want you to have fun here on earth
because it's what makes their shitty
bargain basement afterlife look good
if they can deny you the opportunity
of smoking and partying
and drinking and dancing
and whoring and queering
and whatever it is that you want to do for fun.
That's why they do that!
They don't want you to do that
because they know that when they offer you an afterlife,
they're not really offering you that much.
It's, uh...
It's just dime store religious pap
that they're offering you.
A boring afterlife where you're sitting around
scratching your ass for eternity.
Now, for an afterlife as good as subgenius heaven,
we could easily, easily ask you
to kill a wheelbarrow full of babies
and staple them to your head.
But the subgenius heaven,
the subgenius church only asks one thing.
Tell us!
A single $30 donation.
Less than the cost
of a single cup of coffee at Starbucks.
Now, how can we afford
to offer an afterlife with such great features
at such a reasonable price?
Why, it's simple.
Because Bob loves you.
And he's also pretty stupid.
But you, yes you, can profit from his stupidity.
There's a catch, though.
No!
You have to die first.
And it's probably going to suck
really, really bad.
But, hey, that was gonna happen anyway.
When cometh the day
that you shuck that monkey suit
that you're wearing,
Fuck that!
you're gonna feel awfully stupid
if you find yourself in some trailer park afterlife
with a bunch of stupid pricks
who are only there because
they were pre-programmed for servitude in life.
That would suck!
Worse still, you might be reincarnated as
some unwashed morphodite
in a prog basement blowing goats over you.
I would hate that!
I would hate that!
Now, you might ask,
I'm ready!
What about the flying saucers
that Reverend Stang and Bob promised would come?
Where are they?
Where are they?
Where are they?
Where are they?

They haven't come.
Why?
Gee!
Why?
It's been ten years.
They haven't come.
And there's a good chance
that they haven't come.

That you might not be here when they get here.
God dammit!
It's true.
It's true, brothers and sisters.
But, you can have faith if you want to.
Old Bob never claimed to be infallible.
And Reverend Stang, well,
old Reverend Stang,
he got that message directly from Bob himself,
but back then, Reverend Stang was
a little bit in there.
He was a little bit in there with me.
And, you know, I mean,
he was into all kinds of fucked up shit.
So you can't take him at 100% on that one.
But you can have faith if you choose to.
I like to.
Faith is the difference between a mighty minotaur
drinking a flagon of whiskey
and fucking a hundred virgins,
and Reverend Stang drinking sugar-free
grape Kool-Aid in a brown fuzzy hat.
If you're able and willing to have faith
that the flying saucers will come
and take you off to be a god on Plan X,
despite the fact that they're a decade late,
then it won't cost you any extra
to have a little faith in Plan B.
It's no coincidence that Dobbs always says,
give me slack or kill me.
He knows something.
And even if you think this is all just utter crap,
your ticket to eternal salvation
also comes with a bunch of really cool shit
that you can use to freak out your family and your bosses.
And if you're lucky, they'll kill you
and you'll have it made.
And if you're real hardcore,
you might get to go to subgenius hell.
Subgenius hell?
Well, that has all the same things as subgenius heaven,
only there's too much of it.
Thirty dollars for all that?
It's chump change.
Don't be a chump.
Good night, brothers and sisters.
I don't know who's coming up next.
Okay, America.
Okay, world.
You are violent.
You are pushing all this murder on us.
So here it comes right back at you.
And we'll use murder to sell deodorant
so that you'll just get bored with murder.
Right?
I was picking on the...
I was.
I was making you suffer.
Wasp or whatever you want to call it,
see Council of Foreign Relations run corporate state government
of the European stats Reichsmarke...
This species kills Morlocks.
I'm gonna join the Morlocks people
that evolved themselves to live in this beautiful, perfect world.
I'm going to change my Euros into human feces.
They don't need the light and the war.
They're peaceful creatures, the Morlocks are.
Their eyes are so tiny.
They cannot see the light.
I want the world of the Morlocks to come.
I want to live in the ground.
He's listening to the Morlock in himself.
With Dr. Lagune.
Yes, Dr. Lagune.
An original Morlock.
Having a Claudine Léger moment.
Are you fondling yourself, Doc?
We need to know here at the other end.
That's not a Claudine Léger moment.
Actually, I'm spinning a cocoon with the silk that I pull out of my ass.
So you're saying you're a Spider-Man?
Spider-Man, do whatever the hell you want.
I have a rectal spinneret.
A Claudine Léger moment has to include a 10-inch long kitchen knife.
It looks like a very, very tampon string.
A very long tampon string.
And a Luger.
Yes, a Luger.
I'm weaving an ornate cocoon out of it,
which I will crawl into for the change, for the metamorphosis.
Can I rub your hard carapace when you come out, Dr. Lagune?
May I have fun, Dr. Lagune?
I rub you around your three-pronged breasts.
Your hard carapace is fully, fully enlarged.
Oh, my God, and it's glowing.
It's amazing, but it's giving off a very, very bad odor.
Could you please put it back in the little case I have provided for you?
Thank you.
The object in constructing me was to prevent war.
This object is a tank.
I will not permit war.
It is wasteful and pointless.
This X-Day sucks.
This is the absolute worst fucking X-Day in the history of fucking X-Days.
And, yes, it's all my fault.
Oh, brothers and sisters, there are times when the butt hurt got deep.
And it was all I could do to keep it from going to bed.

I could keep Pisces afloat in it.
I wasn't even going to get my feet wet.
But, yes, it was an effort.
I had to brainwash Pisces into doing all this.
Because I'm lazy, and I don't want to have to go to each and every one of you and give you a personal fucking brainwashing.
There just aren't enough hours in the fucking day for that.
Because some of these people are just crazy.

Some of these people are just fucking nuts.
Yeah, let me tell you, brothers and sisters.
How many people do you know who are totally fucking nuts?
It's real easy to slip into the realm of nutdom.
It's very easy to slip into that realm of nutdom, brothers and sisters.
You see, we live in a prison of lies.
Mad apes.
Crammed into boxes with our civilization dangling precariously from a spider strand of lies.
Our collective belief systems programmed with imaginary monsters and magic bird men to keep us from going ape shit crazy.
Let us examine that turn of phrase.
Ape shit crazy.
It's interesting that when that spider strand of lies snaps inside a person's head, that person goes ape shit crazy.
And it's implied that he's gone insane.
But I put forth this proposition, brothers and sisters.
An ape who has suddenly had his lies taken from him goes ape shit sane.
He may appear insane to you and probably to himself.
Or there's also the other swing where everybody else is crazy but them.
And they may appear, like I said, because many of you are still dangling from the thread of lies.
And so it seems like it's much more of a tragic butt hurt.
You learn that there's no magic space daddy.
He learns that those he loves will either rape him in the ass or die.
He sees himself for the first time as a fragile, rotting ape.
Whose every accomplishment will turn to dust and be forgotten.
As will he himself.
Money, borders, property, gods, magic, all of our convenient fictions fall before the great thread breaking scythe of big daddy death.
One day, we will all go ape shit in his presence.
Nobody's biography ever has a happy ending.
But what now you may ask.
Somebody ask, what now?
What now you have asked, as you may, because that's what it says in my notes here.
What now you may ask.
You see dad, I knew this shit was going to happen long before it did.
If I think too much about these lies now.
I may go premonitory.
Prematurely ape shit.
Well my friends, that's why I'm here tonight.
I'm not here to offer you another strand of lies.
No sir ma'am.
I'm here to offer you a hefty rope of lies.
New and better lies.
21st century lies.
Oozing with hot sex and armies of killer robots from outer space.
Designed to ensure you don't go prematurely ape shit sane.
I know that most of you are oppressed.
I know that most of you are oppressed.
Under the yoke of conspiracy slave masters.
And every day you dream and wish you could just scream fuck you and start killing them.
As well as all of the other pinks who hang their steaming buckets of shit on your yoke.
I know that day after day that dream haunts you all as the yoke gets heavier and heavier.
I know you cry out to the heavens.
Will I ever have the slack I so crave?
Does the wolf man have a pointy red dick?
Fuck yes he does.
As you'll see when the saucers arrive to take us to planet X.
In the book of the subgenius it is written.
The stupider it looks, the more important it probably is.
Look around you brothers and sisters.
What could be stupider?
Than a pack of socially retarded subgeniuses listening to a tattooed fat man screaming that flying saucers are going to carry away a secret tribe of sasquatches to an outer space paradise.
In the book of the subgenius it is written.
Bob makes a million dollars every time he fucks up.
I don't see any millionaires here.
The fact that he hasn't made a million dollars off the church of the subgenius just proves he didn't fuck up.
The end is nigh my yeti kin.
On planet X there are sex gods and goddesses.
Triple rainbow shitting unicorns and big dick leprechauns.
Friendly rape bears with cotton candy chlamydia.
Chocolate dinosaurs.
Mermaids and mermen made of living cocaine.
Wolf men with pointy red dicks.
And you can fuck them all.
Or kill them for fun.
Just wait.
Just wait until you lay your bugging eyes on the valley of awesome titties.
You'll shit a perfectly round turd when you see your personal yacht floating in biscuits and gravy lake.
You'll cum a gallon on the faces of the suck midgets.
But first.
Vengeance is yours.
With every breath we shall hunt down our pink enemies.
Each day we will spill their blood till it rains down from the skies.
The excess ships are not just pleasure saucers and escape vessels.
They are also an armada of attack ships loaded with the most horrible and lethal array of weapons imaginable.
Ion cannons.
Killer wasp drones with chainsaw limbs.
And AIDS darts.
Giant flying robot bears with napalm diarrhea and electrified rape batons.
Flesh eating missiles.
Bad luck bombs.
You'll bust a gut laughing as the Westboro Baptist Church gets crop dusted with queer gas.
Yes.
All this and more awaits us when Bob's promise rings true.
And when it does, the very sky will crack open.
And all will nail and gnash their teeth.
Because they know the time has come.
And they will look to the skies.
And they will see the face of Dobbs looking back.
And on that day, they will reap it.
Thank you, Dr. Katahdin Lagume, for 26 years of killer rants, brilliant concepts, hair-raising stunts, and slack.
That rant was from the 14X Day drill in 2007.
Next week, we'll have another hour of Lagume preaching and radio memories, too.
In the meantime, you might take a look at subgenius.com, especially the devivals of yore, or past devivals.
Starting in the 90s, because those are full of detailed reports on the various crazy stunts and situations he helped us create in real life.
With lots of photos.
There's also some good videos of his rants on my YouTube channel called Rev Stag.
And there's also a Christmas twofer special going on.
And Dr. Lagume's ghost would surely encourage you to take this chance to get right with Bob.
And get some good stuff.
And somebody else right, too.
That's subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
