Oh, yes, manifest occultation of a thought form.
Yes.
Yes.
They have a tap-dynamic action.
Oh, to be sure.
And strange.
You know, that's interesting because, you know, that's really interesting.
Yes.
Give them false pride, false ego, false negativity, false power, false kick, and then you destroy them.
So, it wouldn't matter what they would endeavor to do, it would go all wrong.
Yes.
And if they personally are not, they have in their employ those who are.
Mm-hmm.
Keep your sunny side up, up.
Hide the side that gets blue.
Ah, yes, back in ancient Scythia, they used to perform certain special dances in the temple.
Yes, these are what our faithful fans do when they're relaxing on their downtime.
They're so tormented by the rigors of following the complicated subgenius religious system
that occasionally they need to break out in orgiastic symphonies of movement like this one.
Just look at those tensing, flexing, hey.
How come all of them have glasses on?
Flexing and vexing.
They look like nerds.
Priestess approaches the altar.
You can see the zipper, you better take that out and post it.
That's Pisces.
Pisces is performing this erotic dance?
Oh, I am a...
What does her husband do?
Husband Suds, I have to say about that.
Suds Peshaw.
That's him, behind her.
Oh, well, wow.
I hope all the kids are watching this are in bed.
That gigantic squat idol.
But no, that was Reverend Suds.
It looked like an idol.
It was squatting, and so it was an understandable mistake.
That's just gold spray paint.
What about that glaring ruby right in the middle of its forehead?
Oh, I see.
Why don't you climb up there and steal it, Dr. Hal?
It's bad skin.
There's not a curse or anything.
Go ahead.
Well, I would, but...
Everybody's doing it.
No, I think we'd better let it be.
What's the matter, you chicken?
Let sleeping idols lie.
I'm afraid your mom's going to find out.
I stole that from David Apocalypse, by the way.
You did?
Yeah.
And he stole it from some movie, I'm sure.
Yeah, you're afraid somebody's going to tell?
We're passing around that.
What is the name of that horrible drink that...
Fernet Branca.
White Ferret.
Yeah, you brought some...
I summoned that to X-Day so that you could have an official ask Dr. Hal.
I did?
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
No, or somebody else...
What did they make that out of?
No, some...
Really?
They make it out of rancid beets.
Somebody else brought it.
Actually, not true.
Not true?
Not true.
Well, let's hear the straight skinny from...
No, it's made out of secret herbs and spices.
Secret herbs and spices.
There's no beets in it.
The same ones...
That's one of those herbs...
The beets generation.
It's got cabbage or kale or something.
Cavities and kings.
Kings.
Kale liqueur.
Kale liqueur.
That's...
I remember...
Seaweed liqueur.
McHale's Navy liqueur.
The only thing I'm positive about is a little bit of hydraulic fluid.
Ah, yes.
Fusil oil.
Peanut butter liqueur.
Damn, we're going to make a big spillage and get in a heap big trouble if we keep this up.
You know, and even worse, it's like being photographed to take for the board.
And if I'm exceptionally...
You hypocrite.
Unlucky.
You hypocrite.
I tried.
I can't stop what is...
It's like the ocean.
So you're just going to give in to peer group pressure, just like that.
Well, if I hold the liquor and I can hold my liquor, I can drink it and then I can't spill it.
If Goofus jumps off a cliff, would you jump off a cliff too, Gallop?
Too late.
I already did.
And this is the result.
Onto a sea of large breasts.
Yes, I gained the treasures of the mysterious east.
And I learned what song the sirens sang and the name Achilles used when he hid himself among women.
And I know about the toads and the rice that killed the poppy cockalorum and the cockahoopatrice.
He is Steve, right?
But now I kind of forgot all that stuff.
Oh, I've remembered what my question for you was, Dr. Hanley.
Well, quick, fire it in there.
Fire it in there.
Okay, the other night at that Davey Normal art show, you started hollering and you went on and on.
You were very upset about...
Loxley Castle.
Loxley Hall.
Loxley Hall.
What were you so upset...
What did they do to you to make you go on and on like that about wanting the waves to tear it down and the lightning to strike it and everything?
Let it fall on Loxley Hall.
That's the curse at the end where he wants the destruction.
What did they do to you personally?
I never saw you get so upset about something.
That's what I was hired to do.
I was hired to do a long Tennyson rap.
What?
And it was followed by the Lady of Shalott in her beautiful outfit.
What did Tennyson have to do with it?
Tennyson.
Alfred Lord Tennyson.
Yes, he was a lord.
And his name was Alfred.
The splendor...
I thought you were just hollering about this.
You were going on and on about it.
Loxley Hall.
Not only is that lengthy poem, which takes 25 minutes to say, about Loxley Hall, but then...
Oh, it's a poem.
But then Tennyson wrote another one called Loxley Hall.
Loxley Hall, 10 years after, where the same guy comes back and rants for 20 more minutes.
And now it's 10 more years and things have changed for him.
I recommend it.
It's on the Golden Gopher reading list.
Gee, it sounds like a regular iron rant.
Not at all.
Only those rants go on for 25 hours, not 25 minutes.
But they are not in the golden enamelling of poetry.
No, they sound like a bitter old Yahoo comment.
No, they sound like a bitter old Yahoo comment.
A bitter old toad.
Yeah, it's like a kind of a glorified Yahoo commenter going on and on and on.
Well, perhaps if you've been following the news, you saw that there's this bunch of Republicans in Michigan
who hate Obama so much that they've decided to secede from America, to live on an island,
and on that island to have a government based on Ayn Rand.
I think I read about that.
But they didn't seem to...
They didn't succeed at seceding.
Their succession was not successful.
Yeah, forming a new country is not that easy.
Who's going to take out the garbage?
You know, the biggest bluffers of all the political parties are the libertarians.
All they do is bluff.
We're going to set up our own government.
Yeah.
Knock yourself out.
Yes, and often they are exposed.
Yes.
The buff, too, in their private tweets, Twitters, and communications.
Like George W. Bush.
The strange story of those paintings that...
Wait.
We have several artists here that comment on that.
Here they are.
Take a look.
Judge your peers.
The strange nudes of George W. Bush.
Look closely.
What does this suggest?
Yes, you artists.
Finally, prove your worth by judging George W. Bush's art.
Not bad.
Some wiseacre wrote,
The enormous member, Nancy Drew mystery.
My favorite was, and I think Lies put it up,
was the picture with the reflection in the mirror.
Helen Gurley Brown, indeed.
Was the modified Jesus picture from Europe.
Oh, they modified Jesus yet again.
And that was in the Bush shower scene.
George has been hired to repair that fresco.
Finally.
Finally found his...
His calling.
Yeah.
They've given him a toothbrush and a spackle.
A trowel.
And house paint.
Even now, yeah, some house paint.
Spackle.
Why, that's...
I noticed one of the important news items this week, also for you artists,
was that, what's his name?
Picasso used house paint.
Picasso.
How dare he?
A house painter?
Exterior, or was it glossy or flat?
I think everything.
Whatever.
Whatever was in the cabinet.
Like children.
Things are really heating up over here.
But back in...
Bruno's finally where the action is.
But at what period was he?
It was a big night tonight.
It was his house painting period.
He just had a lot of it around.
Yeah, he was just painting houses, I see.
Oh, technicality.
From PR News in Washington, I'm hidden in a secret compartment in the boys' room.
That news has triggered a rally on Wall Street triggered by explosives in New Jersey.
Russia says this is PR News from Washington.
The White House says seven Chinese explosives triggered by a reaction to 17 coastal teenagers
that were to rushing to set off bombs ending the ongoing PR News in Washington.
The White House has seven Chinese explosives triggered by a reaction to 17 coastal teenagers

I could snuff him real easy with a pillow.
He must go the way he's expected to go.
Look, I've got a blade.
I could open up a lung.
If you look in the back there, you see I don't have a rug on the floor.
I got linoleum.
That's for puking people like you.
God damn it, who's going to clean up this mess?
I'm going to go clean up this mess.
I'm going to go clean up this mess.
I'm going to go clean up this mess.
Before the whole fucking world goes into the atomic sewer.
You two have a very abstract thing going here.
I'll flash my cock if you'll burn your draft card.
Worn out, harsh, wrung out.
Hands reaching in the air, grabbing at everything.
A lot of guys with boners.
A lot of girls in heat.
Everybody angry, crying, hard up.
Boners against blue jeans.
I look for rainbows and all I see is pink blue.
Look for flowers.
I see crap all over the oval room.

I look for father figures and I get Richard Milhous, Nixon and Spiro Agnew.
I look for love and all I get is napalm.
The lady is a poet.
The mystics could tell us.
The gurus, the medicine men.
They feel we're in the 15th round, the ninth inning.
In the capitals of the world, men who can no longer get their peckers up have found
a new way to get turned on.
They're the butchers of the world with their 18 pound sledgehammers.
The bacon for tomorrow's breakfast.

We'll have the peculiar color of ash.
I could stuff him with a pillow.
No, he must go the way he's expected to go.
Look, I've got a blade.
I could open up a lock.
That's right, he's got a choke on it.
When he prueba-
hold me.
I'm pushy.
credit roll
music
solo
music
music
If you look in the back there, you'll see I don't have a rug on the floor.
I got linoleum.
That's for people like you.
Rock and roll is dead.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
This is Hour of Slack number 1617, and I waited to do these credits until just after I had dental surgery.
My whole left side of my mouth is completely numb, so if I sound weird, that's why I waited until now to do these credits.
And I'm going to explain that song there, which was called The Bacon for Tomorrow's Breakfast by the Rudy Schwartz Project
from the newly revised...
The next version of the old album, Gunther Pax a Stiffy.
Reverend Joe Newman sent me this enhanced and reworked version with extra horns and marimba and guitar added.
It won't be on CD, he says, but it'll be out on iTunes on June 25th.
Anyway, the words of that song, or whatever it is, all come from the Larry Buchanan movie Down on Us,
which purports to show how the CIA and President Nixon killed Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, and Jim Morrison,
who are all played by actors in the movie.
The director, the late Larry Buchanan, is best known for sacred bad film like Zontar, Thing from Venus, and Mars Needs Women.
And since he couldn't afford the rights to the real songs and poems of those rock stars, he wrote his own for the movie.
So that song...
is me reciting fake Jim Morrison poetry actually written by that fellow Texas bad film maker.
Anyway, the titles and collages are by Leigh Murr.
The talking parts of this episode are all from the Ask Dr. Hal show of last February 22nd on Radio Valencia in San Francisco.
Other guests include Puzzling Evidence, Lies, McVridie's, Dr. Philodrummond, Pete Goldie,
and the mighty K-Rob.
By the time you hear this, X-Day may actually have already happened.
And I have a wish, a wish that this July 5th will prove this year to be the real 1998.
Your wish is granted even before you ask it.
Yes, this is the catbird seat.
You're pooping in the tall cotton now.
Here on the Ask Dr. Hal show...
That means you don't have to bend over, you just walk along.
Yes, let the undocumented workers clean up after you.
You don't even have to wipe.
It's the American way.
You just walk over the cotton.
Sauntering, walking, strolling.
And the cotton drags itself between your legs.
Me and my shadow, strolling down the avenue, all alone and feeling blue, drinking this god awful stuff.
Does anybody want to help me consume it?
No, it's too horrible.
There's a lot of it.
You do the brunette.
Ah, dear.
It was developed to be like one of those snake oil that licks your...
Oh, good god.
The presence of demons resting on my thorax.
Dr. Brunette sold it as a cure-all from the first start.
Those imps are mighty hot stuff.
It does have the kind of taste like something you'd sell off the back of a covered wagon.
Well, that's where the rattlesnake heads...
A thousand, ten thousand devils.
...is a snake oil cure-all.
Yeah.
Dunk your nose.
Miracle cure-all.
You won't believe it.
Christ's blood streams in the firmament.
Grow herons, bald men.
The claws of a thousand devils.

Drag me to the pit.
The old barbershops.
The secret is Grandma's rag.

It was invented as a stomach medicine.
And it would be full of the liquid.
That's what its original purpose was.
Uh-huh.
Stomach medicine.
That's what it tastes like.
That liquid that they'd use to keep the combs in.
Uh, yes.
That, uh, it's like liquid they keep dentures in on the nightstand.
It's sort of a palliative that prevents bacteria from forming.
Just a hint of mint.
Drunk in the motion picture.
According to Wikipedia...
Uh, according to Wikipedia...
Clockwork orange.
Let's drop a match into it.
According to Wikipedia...
Nay.
...which is a truthy, kind of a truthy source...
Nay.
...it includes aloe from South Africa, rhubarb from China, ginseng from France...
Oh, well.
...gallon...
Would you like some wine, Hal?
Well, this is...
Why don't you just...
Actually, you shouldn't switch them.
...come a mile from Italy...
Well, Hal, just finish your Fernet and you can have some wine.
...saffron, myrrh, and elderflower.
This is one hell of a lot of disgusting furniture.
I'll have some of that.
I'll help you out.
...alcohol content is from 39 to 40 percent...
Alcohol content is from 39 to 40 percent.
Alcohol content, how many?
You know, from 39 to 40 percent...

...and...
They're just takers.
...is it 3 percent?
Is that in metric numbers?
They're just takers.
The 40 percent are people who expect the government to give them everything.
Don't they talk about X Day or something soon, or the end of the world, or Bob's word?
Let's talk about monsters and comics.
Don't they talk about water eyes and wattles, Boronia and Koolibah?
Remember the...
That's...
Like that, Hal.
Speaking of jokes...
...we're going to have a little fun.


I heard this funny joke the other day about the Y2K bug.
It was this.
It went kind of like, hey, did you hear that the Dark Ages were started by the Y1K bug?
Ha, ha, ha.
Well, that was a funny joke when I first heard it, but really, if you look into the history
of it, friends, the Dark Ages were really started by the Y2K bug.

And the Y2K bug is the Y0K bug.
And we don't have anything against it.
It's not really the Y0K bug's fault.
I mean, you know, we don't have anything against insects in this church.
In fact, some of us are insect sexuals.
We're into bug porn.
And, friends, to us, the Y2K bug is just more bug porn.
But the pincoots are running around like a bunch of nannies, threatening their precious
lives.
And the false slap devices are all going to get shut down, crash out, and fail to reboot
in the year 2000.
They should be so goddamn lucky, my friends.
Oh, they want the end of the world so bad.
I'm afraid that what's really going to happen on January 1st, some gas pump in Idaho won't
work, and 150 white supremacists will kill each other fighting over it until somebody
plugs it in.
Oh, my name.
Oh, my name.
My name, Bob.

We're going to bring it on to the end of the world.
They're musking for the end of the world, friends, because of course when it happens
and they get saved, it proves that all the rest of us were dumbasses.
Isn't it nice that we aren't like that?
But it doesn't matter, friends, because we're out of here.
We're out of here on the form of the Y2K bug.
We're out of here on the Y1.999% bug, friends.
That's what Bob really meant.
Before the Y2K bug came along, we were pretty much unstoppable, and now we need to get rid
Before any of those YKs arrive, we're KY'd up.
We're gonna slide home free.
Day after tomorrow, we're gonna slide home free, baby.
On the X X A.
X Y Z.
X gear zero.
Ah yes, spread wide for the final ride.
Because the Xs are coming fast, and you are too.
They didn't take us seriously last time.
Hell, half of you didn't take us seriously.
Didn't take Dobbs' prophecy seriously.
But this time, we've learned our lesson.
We can't rely on invisible monsters from outer space.
We can't even rely on Bob.
We have to learn how to escape Earth
without being dependent on the conspiracy
or any extraterrestrials or salesmen.
Sure, send in your 30 bucks, but
build your own ship.
You may not have to, but just recover your ass.
Build your own ship.
Even better, go buy Hangar 18 or Area 51
or Cape Canaveral or Studio 54
and steal your own ship.
Ah yes, excrete your own fuel.
And while you're at it, friends,
let's swab the deck on the spaceship
that we're already stuck together on.
We're already running out of fuel.

We're running out of space ship.
And it's in bad shape.
And it's high time we cleaned it up.
Earth, we must get off.
Whether we leave it or leave it a cinder.
Whether we blow it off or blow it up,
just don't blow it, friends.
And, and, and, and, most, well, here's the thing.
Most circles will show this, but most of them won't.
Uh.
Now, why do some?
Yes.
And some of them don't.
We don't know?
We don't know.
But I think there's a number of possibilities.
Unable to think clearly, he loses his judgment.
Um, um, um, but first can I say, um, um, um, um,
and also, um, um, um.
That, that hurts.
After a while, it constitutes a form of duck.
Um.
I mean, why make it more complicated than a duck?
Um.
And, um, and, and, and, um, and, and, and, and, and, but.
Right?
It's getting really quiet around here.
This is the moment of change.
When we might experience.
Now we're coming back.
I think we have to make it go to the end of the character.
We want to go over the face of Bob itself.
Many, many take-el-o-far-see.
An invisible monster approaches.
Uh, uh, uh, giant footprints in the sand.
Ah!
Oh, my goodness.
Uh, somebody's, uh, messing around with the, the musical offering.
Let's pay a look with my time.



We're taking a look at the little, tiny little computer here.
Tiny computers of great computing power these days.
Look at all those tiny cues that call the show.
The show explorer and the show rover.
I know.
This small computer has, has more power than the entire, like, strategic air command of
1955.
More powerful than a locomotive.
Able to leap over tall buildings at a single bound.
And what with these nuclear codes, which are lying right here over on the table.
You see.
You just put these in.
Tick, tick, tick.
Couldn't really fly at first.
He could just jump.






And land.
He, he ultimately ended up to flying somehow.
But he started out just jumping.
And then landing.
That's why it was significant that he could leap over a tall building at a single bound.
If he could fly, where would that be a, a something worth doing?
Or even worth talking about?
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
You're telling me he, he just jumped around?
He didn't really fly?
Originally, yes, he did.
His story was based on a World War I veteran named Hugo Danner.
Who, uh, actually was a super.
But of course not as super as Superman.
Nobody could be.
But he was able to leap over a tall building at a single bound.
And be shot at by Germans without being killed.
Because of his, uh, strange, uh, molecular and, uh, overall superiority.
I think it would say.
He ultimately ended up a suicide.
When he says angels, what he means is angels.
Uh, .
.
That he's talking about angels that are called angels.
That's not true.
Is because we know what the Bible says.
.
About the importance of important, incredibly sinful human beings.
.
He put his disease in me.
Now everything is back to normal.
He put his disease in me.
I'd like to thank each and every one of you for staying with us so far on the Ask Dr.
Howell Show, live on radio.
Uh, certain financial.
Thank you, thank you.
It's great to be here.
Take your time, Dr. Howell.
.
I'll have to take a few more considerations, make it.
.
How many are there?
It's great to be here, Dr. Howell.
.
Well, I, uh, uh.
.
Go to the listener's scope.
These people are so full of fun.
.
The number has disappeared from the screen, either that or there are none.
.
Nobody's chatterboxing anymore.
.
You know, our guests are quite, uh, quite, uh, quite polite and they like the, uh, studio
how.
.
They're following my story of Hugo Danner.
.


But if somebody who also mentions nose hair lint gland.
.
Yeah. .
Or NHLG as they call it. .
Really? They call it that?
Yeah, that's their pet name for it.
Nose hair, link lamp.
You're kidding.
We have Bruno and Iazel dominating the board.
Oh, I hate those guys.
They just make us sick.
Christian Talk 666.
Because now we have hot flashes, sleeplessness, low energy, irritability, and it's your fault.
In fact, we promise you'll love your hot sleepless irritability absolutely free.
But you have to call now.
Wow.
And call now.
And when people donate $30 a month to support Christian Talk 666.
Because now we have hormones.
I've been saying you're back on the air and every mic works, I think.
I'll take your word for it.
Yeah, we heard you.
Jack it in there.
Can you turn me up a bit?
Sure.
And I'm going to turn this down.
Take a turn.
I hear so much better through headphones, you know, when you see the colors.
The colors of the world are not quite as real as when you fitted them on the camera.
Exactly.
Did you find what you were looking for in the minibar?
Reeler than real.
Yeah.
Ivan Stang.
I found it.
Of this vintage motion picture.
I found it.
By the way, I can call you Ivan Stang too, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, Reverend.
It's Reverend Stang 1.0.
I don't recognize any religion whatsoever, even your silly one.
So do I have to say Reverend?
I would like to address everyone as sort of like Mr. or Mrs.
Or Dr.
In case of anyone talking to me.
So how should I call you Mr. Stang or do I have to say Reverend Stang?
No, I hate Mr. Stang.
Captain or Colonel.
Captain, I recognize military rank.
Do you have military rank of any sort?
No.
Maybe you're in the Boy Scouts.
Do you achieve any power?
All my offense is rank.
First class, tenderfoot.
Smells to heaven.
Life.
It hath the primal elders cursed upon it.
Come on.
Wendy goes Stang.
Do you have any licensing?
Any contractor's license?
I can call you licensed or maybe you're a commissioner of some sort.
Licensed to chill.
How about the honorable if you're in the legal profession anyway?
The right honorable Ivan Stang.
To be wicked, Stang.
There should be some other considerations.
To be witch, to be wathered, and be wicked.
Maybe you're a comptroller.
I've got it all.
Plumber?
No, I'm not really.
Oh, best boy.
Oh, I've always wondered about that.
Best boy Stang.
Yeah, I've actually been a, I've worked as a best boy.
Excellent.
I've always wondered about that.
Now.
And they get to stay in best western motels, don't they?
From PR News in Washington, I'm on the rise, increasing by nearly 11% in almost seven years.
President Obama is the biggest sophisticated yukiguchi in all 20 of the nation's largest cities.
PR News.
Can't hurt.
The White House.
PR's report shows the White House press secretaries made their case for greater U.S. support under intense pressure from France and anti-aircraft missiles.
Sweden's foreign minister says this is PR News.
Uh, I think it's extremely important.
Uh.
Federal prosecutors are running a $6 billion money laundering operation.
One of the principal means by which cyber criminals around the world distribute, store, and launder.
PR News in Washington.
What is Monster Zero?
The demon of our galaxy.
Monster Zero is the reason we cannot live on the surface, but must forever live underground like this.
Alert all units.
Monster has begun the attack.
Everything is numbered here.
The monster is zero.
Emergency.
Emergency.
The hydrogen oxide plant has been damaged.
Well, here's how it works.
It's just like in Monster Hunter.
Except that I don't think we'll see the gen-prey.
We're in, uh, Valley...
What we...
In the game, it would be Area 2.
Or maybe Area 3.
I'm not sure.
And they call it Valley 2 or Valley 3.
But when we go down there towards that exit, it'll suddenly say loading and there'll be some hieroglyphs.
And then we'll suddenly be over in Valley 1, which is...
Leads up to the base camp.
Where the pinks are.
Okay.
The robot people that, you know, the village where you talk to the people and they just repeat the same thing every time.
Yeah.
And it's always the same people every time.
And only if you do something really important do they treat you differently and say different things.
But we have become a rank 3 team.
So we should be able to go over...
Back to the village and they'll be treating us all very differently.
Because we finished the gathering quest in, uh, Valley 3.
Righto.
But we're running out of cool drinks.
Oh, yeah.
So our yellow line is getting lower and lower.
And hopefully if we don't knock ourselves out or run into any...
Gendry...
We'll be able to get through okay.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!


Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
They will create your subgenius video game after all,
and make a fortune which will be denied unto you and I.
Grand Theft Planet. I just saw the title.
Boy, you've really still got it, Stane.
Well, I did just now come up with it.
But, no, two nights ago I had the vision of the video game.
I think I described it on the Puzzling Evidence Show.
So two nights passed.
A night so dismayed, saddened and stunned.
The coming day.
You have to do a station ID.
You're listening to the Ask Dr. Hal show live on radio
in the pulsating heart of San Francisco's Mission District.
Until 1 a.m. we'll be on the air with our merry coterie of roisterers.
Until we finally go our separate ways.
Until the repetition of our efforts the very next week
for Goofball.
Radio.
I've just got to say I love all you guys out there.
You wonderful folks.
It's you who keep us going.
And when I say us, I don't just mean some flim-flam fly-by-night radio thing.
No, I mean the entire church of the subgenius.
Every wriggling little subgenius.
Like a maggot-filled body when you cut it open.
Spills out to forward.
There's more than we can deal with.
We see it as life.
Life.
Life in development.
Life and life's effluents.
Okay, Hal, that was pretty good.
Can you do another one for the Japanese audience now?
That's quite a station ID.
All I have to do is say WCSB Cleveland.
While eating dinner, this dear little child was choked on a piece of beef.
Doctors came, tried their skill a while, but none could give relief.
Did you mention RadioValencia.fm?
RadioValencia.fm.
Yeah, I did, actually.
Yeah, not 87.9 megahertz.
Oh, it really does, too, but I'm just stifling the pain.
Yes, RadioValencia.fm.
And remember, folks, that's real.
That's the D.T. Earle of this.
It's not RadioValencia.fm.com, nor .org.
It's just .fm.
All righty.
Be that way.
Yeah, we're the only one.
We're the only .fm in the whole Internet.
Really?
Yeah.
Ah, .'s incredible, ladies and gentlemen.
.'s really fantastic.
Somebody who knows how to work under the hood must have swung that.
The only .fm?
Seriously?
Radio.fm?
Yeah, there's some .s before my eyes.
I can't explain it.
All I have to say is, if it wasn't for that, there wouldn't be a show.
We wouldn't be here.
None of this would be happening.
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine a world, a universe, where we weren't allowed to be on the radio?
What is this, a pledge drive?
Can you just imagine?
Well, pledge your drive now.
Yes, it's time for you to pledge your break.
Because I've used that same horny old line on pledge drive every pledge.
I've used that same horny old line on pledge drive a couple of times a year.
Listen, you can't knock success.
Now, I'm going to put in a call to the Federation and tell them that you've been doing excellent work out here in the boondocks.
But now we're going to go back to the old familiar star systems, and I think you're going to find out that it's changed while you've been out here rusticating, as it were, in the lesser nebular cluster of 112A.
Well, when I signed up, they said it.
It'd be 200 years later when we came back.
That's true, but everyone doesn't care about that old business of, you know, dying, they used to call it.
So, we're all still here, and you have acquired quite a debt in your absence from unpaid vouchers.
Which I'm going to show you right here.
See, they're massive, the size of a mountain.
How much more than 200 years have we been out?
Well, actually, the galaxy has...
Made three quarters of a turn.
What?
Yes, yes, you won't recognize our old solar system when we get back.
Well, perhaps the stock market, you know.
Stock market?
That's, that's, that's, I mean...
No, I'm afraid...
I'm rich, right?
No, not in the material things.
Well, I deposited 15 cents in every savings and loan in America.
That makes you, uh, emperor of this quadrant.
Yay!
This jungle is yours.
Yes, their jungle.
Nice holodeck, man.
The entire planet is covered with jungle.
Did you see the, the ads for that movie?
That irritating movie that they...
Holodeck?
No, it's a movie where...
Holodeck 2?
Everybody in the... leaves the planet because it's just too dangerous.
Son of the holodeck.
First it was, it was contaminated, then it has dangerous life forms, but one person gets to live there.
Tom Cruise.
Yay!
Yay!
Yay!
Not Tom Hanks.
The most overprivileged person imaginable, and they give it to him?
The whole Earth.
The whole Earth?
You know, he used to be like the ranger living on the planet.
You know, uh, they showed a whole bunch of strange previews.
That was one of them.
Does he have to give tours at 2 o'clock and 10 o'clock?
Well, it's supposedly, you know, all the life is dangerous, and they have giant spiders or something.
It's hard to tell that it moves so fast, you can't really see it.
I was complaining about a movie with giant spiders.
Well, not that, but that, that, that one guy who gets to be there...
But he's already gotten more than most people ever else will, and so they give him planet Earth to, uh, be cocky and brash upon him.
Tom Cruise, all people.
Everybody else has to live in...
But it should have been Will Smith all this time.
Everybody else has to be on an asteroid farm.
Well, really, they should just resume Hell in the Pacific with Tom Cruise and Will Smith.
And Lee Marvin and, uh...
No, as Lee Marvin and Toshiro Mifune.
Yeah, they should just set that up, you know, and it's a, more of a racial tone.
The last two men on Earth.
Really?
Then we could have the last three men on Earth with Vincent Price, Will Smith, and John F. Wilson.
Vincent Price would be 108.
He'd be in a wheelchair.
Yeah.
But he would have the mental power of 20 guys.
He's really tired of making movies at that point.
He's really, just looks at his heart.
But he still has the mental power of Coral of Pandan.
He lives in Southern California until he died.
He didn't even...
Even Old Parr didn't live that long, or did he?
I can't remember.
Jack Parr?
Old Parr.
Oh, Old Parr.
World's oldest living human.
Uh...
There he goes.
He, uh...
Well...
Again.
And then what about the giant spider that lived in the church tower that came down at night to drink the oil in the lamp?
Well...
But that's where the Beatles got their inspiration.
Yes, uh...
Lester, Jeter, and Jinkum Beatle.
The Beatles got their inspiration from Bruno's on Friday night.
Well, everybody did in those days, but...
Yes, the Beatles...
Bruno's...
The Beatles.
The four mop tops.
Everybody hang out at Bruno's back in those days.
Fab.
And gear.
And all that.
Yeah, just like the...
Permission to come aboard.
Yep, there we go.
Well, there they went, jettisoned into space.
Now, was rock and roll a CIA plot?
No, I don't think it was one that escaped the farm.
I don't, you know, I, uh...
I don't know what you feel about it.
It couldn't possibly just be a spontaneous outgrowth of old people's countries.
Never say never.
Do these people down on the floor here know that the world's going to end in July, whatever it is?
I have a growing sense of unease, which tells me that, yes, the world is going to end.
But, uh, I expect to be there at the saucer landing site.
Oh, yes, that's right, everyone.
I'm going to ascend into the...
To the zenith.
Yes, this is my desire.
And the very least I can expect.
After so many years laboring in the vineyards of...
Bob.
So we're not going to take any chances.
This time we're building catapults to send these geniuses from...
Yeah, it looks like the audience eats it up.
Oh, they would love to see other people get catapulted.
If the saucers don't get close enough.
Against the sides of the pleasure saucers.
If they miscalculate, yes.
Spangry.
I must head for the, uh...
Oh, no.
I missed the...
Oh, no, the crowd disapproves of Dr. Al leaving the stage.
Well, I'm sorry, folks.
I'm only flesh and blood here.
One by one, all of the show people are winding up outside in the anti-wind.
Having their bags checked by the lovely space maidens.
Hey, hands off those old bags.
It's warm in here.
It's cold here.
Now, there's windows open.
Cool.
They'll keep well wrapped up.
Watch the crowd on TV.
Watch the crowd on TV.
Watch the crowd on TV.
Watch the crowd on TV.
Watch the crowd on TV.
Watch the crowd on TV.
On TV.
Head for the mountains.
Where the beer flows down, boys.
I'm driving.
Drunk like a bum.
Counting up his counts.
Astounding.
The flip effect of a trip.
You rig whatever the set.
It's dissection of the insect intellect, boy.
I tell you.
Bug brain go bots.
While the anvils, they drop one after another.
That X marks the spot.
Boys, I tell you.
Them go bots.
Brains infected with their master's blood.
Out of my face.
With my son, you're headed for destruction.
You're living a life through sin and corruption.
You can suck a dick for talking that shit about the way I function.
It's all over.
Ha ha.
Come on, child.
You can take my hand.
Blessed is the day you give up your own control.
Over your own lame brain.
Do you love the queen of pussies?
Pretending you know what the game is.
But who really deals the cards?
You as long as me.
We're both retards.
The End
Thanks for watching.
If you liked the game, give us a like.
You don't know when to stop and go.



Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
That was the Rudy Schwartz project,
the song This Wind Fallen Wood
from the album Full Frontal Klugman,
as was the strange instrumental earlier,
the evocatively titled
Song of the Coastal
artillery women. In between those, the even crazier music and ranting was by the great groovy Neptune
of Austin, Texas. And much earlier in the show, the X-Day preaching about how build your own ship
was from the 1999 XX Day drill with Einstein's Secret Orchestra doing that music. And now,
for some good closing nerd geek talk, back to the Ask Dr. Hal show.
And someone is mentioning The Human Stain by Philip Roth. Not to be confused with the E.G.
Saburi, a Japanese monster movie, The Human Vapor. Or with the Hunan restaurant, whose spicy collations
often evince a vaporous cloud of their own. No, The Human Stain is an improbable story where Anthony
Hopkins gets to have sex with the much younger Nicole Kidman and then gets run off the road
fatally by
a
human.
And it's a movie not without some subgenius attributes.
What movie is that?
The Human Stain.
I missed that one.
Well, it's rather interesting because, well, I don't want to give the plot away, but there are some surprises. Yes, movies are your best entertainment value. So, any questions?
I can't remember my question. I finally had one question.
How about...
Ask Dr. Hal.
The movie that Sam Raimi's brother made called Lunatics, A Love Story. Have you ever seen that one?
Ted Raimi?
Yeah.
Yes.
Lunatics, A Love Story?
Yeah.
With all those great stop-motion giant spider sequences.
I guess I better...
You should check that one out.
Watch the media ditch and see if that one floats up to the surface.
And K-Rob is considering creating a mash-up of the Crater Lake monster and the climax of Dinosaurus.
So, there's...
There is reason to keep living.
Yeah.
Where prehistoric archosaurs are killed with power tools operated by rednecks, and they splice together in incredibly effortless fashion.
But they can be brought to life by lightning.
No, not after they've been hacked by backhoes and steam shovels.
Nothing will bring them back.
Only after they've been buried under the ocean for 80 million years.
That's where they were.
Because...
A good bolt of lightning will bring a dinosaur.
As you may know...
They never were present on those islands in geological history.
Right.
But on the ocean bed, you might find them.
Is that how they got mixed up with that caveman?
Well, the caveman may have been blown far out to sea.
He wasn't allowed to tell his story.
But he died nobly, holding up the mine timbers like Flynn of Virginia.
Yes, there's much to learn from his humble, simple story.
And he looked like the plastic...
Louis Marx cavemen to an uncanny extent, which themselves were based on a painting by Charles R. Knight called Cavemen of the Neanderthal Race.
You've seen those little ones.
You have some down in your basement.
They've been chewed by a cat, I'm afraid.
I examined them.
They're covered with punctures.
I saved the one who is napping Flint and put him with my rock collection.
He's wearing a little nappy for decency's sake.
Anyway, I'd love to get those.
You can still get them.
They cost like $10.
$10 a piece on the collector's market.
Didn't we tediously cover the Marx series of toys on one of the last week's shows?
No, but I'd be willing to.
The Marx series at one time seemed...
Surely this will get the comment board lit up again.
Well, I'll check and see if they're interested in hearing about the Louis Marx company.
Not Karl Marx.
You've been listening to the subgenius,
radio ministry,
hour of slack.
For free information,
write to
P.O. Box
181
417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118
or see
www.subgenius.com
Praise Bob!
You rats.
You stinking rats!
What did you do to her?
Our actions are controlled by electronic computers,
not by human emotions.
When that law is violated,
the offender is eliminated.
Commander!
What is it?
The Earth prisoners have escaped.
What?
Five hours to go.
Everything proceeding as calculated.
That's good.
We change our plans.
We begin the attack on Earth now.
Control, sir.
Computer shows a discrepancy.
Why?
Computer five, what is the trouble?
We're checking.
All right.
We change our plans.
We begin the attack on Earth now.
We begin the attack on Earth now.
We begin the attack on Earth now.
What's the tape?
The tape show, red dots are decreasing.
The red dots on Earth show, red dots are decreasing.
Good.
Good.
Monster 01 and 02,

commence the attack.
Monster 01 and 02, commence the attack.
Go!
Go!
Monster 01 and 02, commence the attack.

Go!
Go!
Thank you.
