Well, that about wraps it up for the American Music Party this week.
I'm Robert Wisdom, and you've been listening to the American Music Party, blues from the 80s.
I'd like to leave you with these words from the immortal, mad lad, Reuben T. Washington.
Good blues to you where I'll doggone you.
Hoo!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All praise Bob, dear friends.
Yes, well, folks, I'm afraid you'll have to say goodnight to the good music.
For a little while, for the next hour anyway.
Probably for a while, because Norm comes in after us, and he hadn't been playing a whole lot of music.
This is the subgenius family hour tonight, folks.
Yes, tonight, as not promised, is the subgenius hour of Slack sound effects special, the kids show.
Starring Negative Land and that great adventure team, Captain Sun, Sunsun, and Daddy.
So, go wake up your kids.
Or you can tape this thing, but if you do, get it in stereo.
And use headphones.
This is the headphones show.
The headphones show.
Before I go on, God, I hope these machines work.
Before I go on, I must publicly thank the Smith Zombies.
There were a number of Smith Zombies in the industrial laboratory all night tonight,
putting stamps on little pamphlets that are going to China this time.
Subgenius pamphlets.
We'll give our address at the end of the broadcast where you can write for one of these heartbreaking and blessing new pamphlets.
By the way, for those who've asked, we've been getting letters from as far away as Nebraska.
Seriously, I don't know how they get the show up there, but they do somehow.
They've been wondering, where's Buck?
And Buck is not off the show, but he was off of this city, if not this planet.
I don't think he wants to be a host, though.
He said he just mainly wanted to be a guest.
He has to go to work in the morning.
I'm sure he's tired of me and all my tape decks doing all the talking.
But, I've got seniority.
And more tape decks than he does.
Everybody in the Subgenius church is mad at me now, so I had to get a new co-host for the show.
He's only six years old, so we had to change the format just a little.
Let's see if we can get cassette number two going here.
What's up, Sandy? Tell them this is KNON 90.9 FM.
This is the new co-host.
This is KNON 90.9 FM.
FM.
FM.
In Dallas, Texas.
In Dallas, Texas.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius.
Foundation and the participants.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
I am Bob Lundin!
No trouble.
Hear me.
Recording.
Everything's going through.
No trouble.
And now you are ready for the final 200,000 mile voyage.
The wheels of action begin to move.
Stop right there.
Intensifying our prospects' desires.
That's when the wheels of action begin to move.
Sorry for jumping in, doctors.
Go on.
Dr. Dobbs is known worldwide as a foremost spokesman for Christian and family values.
So plan to attend this rare personal appearance of Dr. Dobbs to second in the past four years.
Dr. Dobbs is known worldwide as a foremost spokesman for Christian and family values.

Gosh.
Even if you never intend to write your name again, one sure way to impress folks is to stay a little bit over their heads.
Because it was better than looking stupid.
It's natural that we followed the circle around and around and around.
Helping to create a nice round world of confusion and misunderstanding.
Resist the temptation to feed your ego.
Well, we take our initiates and we string a little tendon between their heels and drag them three times around the radio station before beginning.
Work it, sir.
We dip them in the sacred waters of the slot.
And what exactly does this do for them?
Well, it causes them to forget everything they've learned and it prepares their mind for the slate-like impression, the imprinting of the true subgenius.
Welcome, dear friends, to the subgenius hour of slack.
Slack, slack, slack, slack.
Slack, slack, slack, slack.
What, what, what, what?
Slack, slack, slack, slack.
Slack, slack, slack, slack.
Why, why, why, why, why?
Why, why, why, why, why?
Slack.
A message has now been registered in your subconscious mind.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
.
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Repent. Quit your job. Slack off.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Well, for once, I took my own advice, which is rare for a subgenius preacher, especially me.
I did repent, quit my job, and slack off.
I actually did that this weekend.
As for not taking my own advice, usually, as Bob Dobbs himself said,
I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of man I'm preaching to.
This line from Prescriptures is, in fact, one of the foundation stones of the Church of the Subgenius.
Hypocrisy is the sandy beach upon which our church is built,
and other churches may be built upon a rock, steadfast and true,
but ours changes with the tides,
scurrying in and out of holes like a crab,
occasionally pinching innocent bathers,
and finally, in the end, getting skewered by kids with sticks.
But, uh, it's true.
Oh, sire, there is no more money?
Yeah, that's right.
Get some money!
I did repent, quit my job, and slack off.
I didn't really have a job to begin with before I quit it.
I quit before it started.
You can't beat that.
So I've been slacking off, and pretty soon I'm gonna have to get a job.
One that doesn't last long, I hope.
I only last about as long as it takes to get a ten-minute film to the lab,
and then I just run out of gas till you put another quarter in.
So, uh, if you need, friends, a freelance film or videotape cutter,
a clay animator, weird comedy show producer, magazine editor, business writer, babysitter, baby sacrificer,
or a true ordained mad prophet of the airwaves,
or just an all-around cool guy, friends,
just write me.
At the Church of the Subgenius, or this affiliate station which we own.
And, uh, no jobs on spec.
Um, my, my.
If, friends, if I don't get a job pretty soon,
uh, I'm gonna have to start cashing in all those souls that are stacking up around the church headquarters.
We, we store the souls of those who send a dollar to the church in handsome blue cylinders in the tabernacle basement.
Uh-huh.
And we keep these souls on ice until such time as they can be liberated from this earthly plane.
But if the church goes broke, friends, why, we have to cash in some of those souls,
and one of them might be yours, so neither one of you or us can get them back after that.
I don't know where they go after Bob sells them, and I don't ask.
So, you can tell by the way I'm talking that I'd be a dedicated worker in whatever job you might want to give me.
It's, I love having a show.
It's great.
You can use your,
your own religious broadcast for job hunting.
Oh, yes, but it's better than using the telephone,
because I get to do all the talking.
Praise Bob.
Yes, help me somebody.
Ain't got no leg in my legs.
I'm on fire.
Pull the lever down.
You go.
Copyright 1986 by Jane or Hyperclete.
Well, friends, on with the show.
It's a good thing that this entire show is composed of one tape and one negative land record,
because one of these tape decks does not work tonight.
Thank you.
If you've been driven to the brink of false sanity by the conspiracy's false reality
and the pressure of a crumbling world,
then this may be for you.
Eternal salvation.
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
Triple your money back.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Bring you another 33 minutes.
33 minutes.
Of condensed.
Densed.
Densed.
Uraglic functions.
Over the quality audiovisual techniques exacerbated and complicated by the Church of the Subgenius.
Copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Sperman.
My name is Reverend Ivan Stang.
I am the last sole survivor of the Battle of Dobstown, popularly called Bob's Last Stand.
I knowed J.R. Bob Dobbs for what he was, and I knowed the subgeniuses for what they was.
Turn that thing on.
Put on them headphones.
111 years ago, when I was 33 years old, right after the atomic wars, my church was rubbed out by a band of wild pink boys.
Only ones left were my son and me.
My son and me.

My son.
Captain.
Son.
Son.
Son.
Captain.
Boy.
Well, they say the monsters have come back to this, uh, to the lost land of Palenka, dude.
Is that, is the spaceship locked?
Oh, there it is.
You know.
You drop your life support system in there, we won't be needing it.
It's too dangerous.
The show won't be in danger.
Unless the monsters get the tape.
Maybe it would stop the monsters.
You think we could use the show to stop the monsters?
Yeah.
If it sounded bad enough, even the monsters would flee.
And the land would again be safe.
For the free.
Friends, we're walking, uh, out of the laboratories.
We're out of identification.
Out of.
I don't want to go in any direction that ink will be coming from.
Uh-uh. We've got to avoid ink and the Yaka Teasman.
We're going to have to fight a lot of monsters on this show tonight.
Right now, we're not live. This is in the daytime.
And now that we're away from the encampment and the laboratories,
there are bones of creatures, Martian goats and things,
that have been killed by the Cyclops and by other nefarious monsters around here.
What could have done that?
Something could have been living in there.
Something could be living in there now.
Careful.
Stick it towards you.
Okay.
Come on.
Look! Look! Look at what's running out! Crab creatures!
Grab a weapon!
Please, come on! Crab creatures are coming!
Hey, don't forget the show! Come on! Grab it!
You stopped them for a second.
They're still coming, though.
Turn on the radio!
Huh?
Turn on the radio!
I think that'll do it! We'll turn on the radio!
I can't get it to come on!
You do it!
Okay. Now what's the button?
That one!
Which one?
Um, that one. Yeah.
You got it!
Okay.
Got him!
Oh no! It only wounded him!
Here he comes! Quick! Quick, Grim!
I think I got him.
He's down. He's still breathing, though.
I hope this isn't an endangered species on this planet.
I think I got him.
Let's keep throwing rocks at it!
Got him right in the hole!
Let's throw the show at it!
Ooh! Ooh! The show got something gross all over my hand!
Ooh! Get away from it! Get away from it!
It's gonna explode!
Ouch!
You okay now?
Yeah.
Did you fix the show?
Alright. Listen, I'm gonna have to...
Here's me array gun!
Oh, I know what... The show needs new batteries.
Yeah.
Okay, look. I brought some with me.
Let's kill it and get some new batteries in.
There won't be any air for a while, folks, so just hang on.
I was gonna say a gas match.
What?
I mean, no sign of gas.
A gas match? Maybe that was the rescue colony that came in.
Maybe it was the rescue colony that came out here.
It might be a big...
God, this pink sky here just... I can't believe it. It's like... Remember Mars? Ooh!
Face, eyes, nose, and nose.
Yeah, that's not a gas match. That's a skull.
But of what?
Look under it.
Okay, stand back. Because one of those Ramphorhynchuses might be under me.
Oh, it's okay.
Huh.
Strange lifeforms.
I don't want to find a Gaius Gudis.
Captain Zandy here, his face is scarred from an attack by a Gaius Gudis on the way into the laboratory earlier today.
We're gonna need... That's a good weapon right there.
The ground is littered with weapons and bones from the many, many battles that have been fought between the subgenius colonies.
And the creatures that live on this planet.
Head horn.
You know, the amazing thing about this...
This thing is...
I heard something answer you.
God, your face looks cool with that scar.
You look like the old G.I. Joes.
The old G.I. Joes, the tall ones, you know, they're about a foot long.
They all had a scar in the same place, like every one of those guys had to go through this initiation rite where they were scarred so they'd all look alike.
Even the ones with beards.
Go down in there.
Yeah, you bet I still got this hook.
This thing could save my life.
Hey, this is a tree, isn't it?
Oh, it's got me! It's got me! What is it?
What is it? Hook him! Hook him!
Oh, it's gone.
Oh, you got me!
You're gonna have to do the rest of the show yourself.
Here. Here. Quick. Quick. The show.
This is K&ON 90.90.N.
FM. In Dallas, Texas.
Raise the bomb!
This has been the Subgenius News.
News Hour.
Brought to you in part by the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer Launcher Society, Dobbs Co.
In Sex Art Around and Yakateezma Vision.
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Stay strong out there, Bob.
I has so much sex with Bob!
Bob the

Oh, yes dear friends.
Let your body be sucked out of your ears
by the sound effects of Bob.
We're going to take you deeper
and deeper inside yourself to find Bob.
Come with me.
That's right, inside.
Into your consciousness.
It's slippery. It's wet.
But we shall go deeper and deeper
and deeper into the consciousness.
We must bore down into the cranium.
Drill out and drill through
the irrelevant thoughts of job and reality.
Rolling along the hollowed-out inside of the skull.
Piercing the squamous epithelium.
Tickling past the supernumerary nipple.
Scraping along the edges of the birth canal.
Stretching the imagination gland until it pops.
And finally,
bursting through the perineum.
Until finally,
getting into the bottom of the brain pan and
tumbling down through the sinuses,
down the esophagus,
and finally,
landing at the very soul,
located in the foot gland,
at the very lowest organ of your physical being.
Until finally,
an idea,
an ultimate plan,
is born.
At the very bottom of your brain.
At the very bottom of your mind.
At the very bottom of your mind.

And soon,
you will be ready
for
for
for
negative land.
for negative land.
for negative land.
for negative land.
Yes, folks, tonight,

through the magic of negative land,
we're going to try to make them famous for a change.
They're not a bunch of subgeniuses.
This band,
quote, band, unquote,
was doing this long before they discovered me.

They're doing this now.
This band,



























quote, band, unquote,
is a band of the most advanced classical symphonic group
of this century so far,
aside from Doctors for Bob.
And, uh,
well,
they're my heroes.
And yet,
and yet,
they did sound for,
they enhanced our sound system.
That's sort of like,
having negative land do sound for subgeniuses
like having Federico Fellini set up lights
for your Uncle Fred's home movies,
or like having Michelangelo do
Elvis Presley black velvet paintings.
It's like seeing Jesus pose for pie pads in the Yellow Pages.
You know, it just ain't right.
So,
this is the subgenius sound effect show dedicated to negative land.
You've got to see this guy for what he is.
He's a maniac out to rule the world.
Yeah.
I guess I'm gonna have to start jamming mobile.
Is that what you're trying to tell me?
Do you think I should start jamming mobile?
He's a maniac.
All right, people.
It's almost time for us to be ten-eight.
In just a few moments,
we're gonna be ten-eight,
and I'm going to tell you the story
of 180 and the letter G.
All right, people.
It's almost time for us to.
We're almost to that moment right now, people.
Just a few moments.
We're gonna be ten-eight.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
I am a man, a man with four fingers, a man with four fingers on my hand.
I am a man, a man with four fingers, but that doesn't count my thumb.
I am a man, a man with three fingers, a man with three fingers on my hand.
I am a man, a man with three fingers, but that doesn't count my index finger or my thumb.
I am a man, a man with two fingers, a man with two fingers.
I am a man, a man with four fingers, a man with three fingers on my hand.
I am a man, a man with two fingers, but that doesn't count my middle finger, my index finger, or my thumb.
I am a man, a man with four fingers, a man with four fingers, a man with five fingers on my hand.




I am a man, a man with one finger, a man with one finger on my hand.
I am a man, a man with one finger, but that doesn't count my ring finger, my middle finger, my index finger, or my thumb.
I am a man.
I am a man.
A man with no finger.
A man with no fingers on my hand.
I am a man, a man with no fingers.
But that doesn't count my pinky or my ring finger,
my middle finger, my index finger, or my thumb.
Okay, we're 10-8, and the number is 180 and the letter is G.
There's no other possibility.
And all you slimy fruitcakes in San Francisco are going to find out
how to get to 180 and the letter G.
I repeat, there's no other possibility.

There is no other possibility.
The number is 180 and the letter is G.
The first thing you have to do to get over to 180 and the letter G
is to get into your vehicle and head east.
I repeat, you have to head east over the bridge.
But before you do that,
you have to get onto the bridge around one big turn.
You'll come up to the place where the sex chemicals burned up.
I repeat, where the sex chemicals burned up.
And of course, you all must have heard about that on News Center 4.
Let us know in the comments below what you think of this new

Let us know what you think of this new little movie and
if it's fun enough.
And I'll see you guys in the next video.
On your way to 180 and the letter G.
And now, and now, and now we're on the bridge.
That's nothing very much.
But when you get on the other side of the bridge,
of the bridge on your way to 180 and the letter G, you'll notice two things. First of all,
it's very important that you turn on your AM radio. Set it to 1010 on your dial. And
let the radio frequency energy from K101 overload your little tuner until it distorts very highly.
Now right at the point of that extreme distortion, there's the big chairs. I'm not exactly sure,
but I think that's where all the sewer water from Oakland goes.
And then by then, you'll be out of all that distortion and you'll be looking east toward
the hill. And if it's at night, you'll see the little red lights flashing on my favorite
AM radio repeater station. That's WR6 automatic bowel movement.
And if you are into jamming, keep talking, keep jamming, because I'll be listening on
my scanner radio. And just maybe, you'll be on the news.
Oh.
You come up to the tunnel. And now we're coming up to the tunnel.
Up to the tunnel.
And then as you get into the tunnel, you'll start to sense something.
And then about halfway through the tunnel, something will suddenly hit you.
You won't sense it a lot until you get almost through to the other side. You'll realize right
then and there that you're entering a tunnel. And then you'll start to feel something. And then
you'll start to feel something. And then you will start to feel something afterよ.






Since you've entered Con Cost to County.
It's.
Hard
to explain.
Wh hiden explain.
It's hard to explain but you'll feel a certain way when you get into Contra Costa County.
.
On your way to. Will.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Get to Martinez.
When you're up to Martinez, you'll see a sign.
A sign that says change.
And you're just going to go right on up there in your little vehicle.
And you're going to turn left on the change.
On the left-hand side of the street is the A&W Root Beer Place.
And on the right-hand side of the street is the A&W Root Beer Place.
And on the right side is another place where you can go to your own business, Charlie.
It's Safe Muffins.
Now that you're on G, you're just going to keep right on going up G.
Heading west on G, all the way to the top of the hill.
Now that's for 180.
Right up there at the top.
And just before that...
Before you get to the top of the hill...
You'll notice the green slime...
Closing out from under the house...
At 180 and the letter G.
And of course...
It had to be true.
You just gotta go right back down to Safe Muffins.
And shoplift.
I repeat.
You're gonna have to shoplift the HR Steam Cleaning System from Safe Muffins.
The only way you're gonna be able to do it successfully is to become invisible.
And then when you're totally invisible...
You'll just creep right on into Safe Muffins.
And there you'll see it.
The HR Steam Cleaning System.
This is K-N-O-N 90.9 in Dallas, Texas.
180 very quickly.
So you whisk your steam cleaning machine right back up G all the way to 180.
You go right up to the front door.
And you push the button.

We're ready.
The door opens automatically.
And the first thing you see is the orange carpet inside 180.
And you'll see the dog juice.
A horrible dog juice all over the orange carpet.
And 180 in the letter G.
You're just going to march right on into G there with your HR steam cleaning system.
Go right all the way back to the kitchen where the Mr. Coffee Coffee Maker has your hot water.
Your hot water ready to pour in your HR steam cleaning system.
So you go in there and get your HR steam cleaner all fired up.
Then you bring it on out into the living room.
And you take care of all the dog juice on the orange carpet.
And 180 in the letter G.
I think I'd like to have a cigarette.
Now, where are my cigarettes, David?
They're on top of the refrigerator.
David, I'd like to know what you did with my cigarettes.
They're under the house.
My cigarettes are missing, David.
I'd like to smoke.
What did you do with them?
They're in the tote cage.
David?
I'd like to have a cigarette right now, but I can't find the package.
I put them on the table and they're not there.
Did you take them?
I think we may have left them at the grandma's house.
My mother doesn't smoke, David.
What did you do with my cigarettes?
I told you they're on top of the refrigerator.
I looked on top of the refrigerator.
They weren't there.
Will you please tell me what you did with my cigarettes?
Maybe you left them in the car.
I haven't been in the car all day.
You must have put them somewhere and I can't find them.
You better tell me now or I'm going to really get mad.
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah.
I think I know where they are.
They're in back of the TV set where all the parakeet feathers are.
I think I know where they are.

I think I know where they are.
And as you're cleaning the orange carpet, there will be a voice that says,
Fetch my cigarettes.
Another voice will say,
They're on top of the refrigerator.
And then of course you've forgotten completely about the green slime.
And you'll realize that the only way to get rid of the green slime
is to go to the bathroom.

And you'll go back down, down the stairs, down to the basement of 180
and the letter G, where you'll find a bottle of formula 409.
You'll get that 409 up there real quick and go outside to the mailbox of 180
where the green slime and all the ants are oozing out onto the sidewalk.
And you'll find the bottle of formula 409.
And you'll spray it with all your might as hard as you can on that goddamn green slime.
And then you'll have gotten all that horrible stuff.
There'll be a few toads left under the house.
And they'll be saying,
Kermit, Kermit, under the house.
Strain me with the 409, Kermit.
That's what the toads are gonna say.
They won't cry if they don't actually say that.
But you're a G.
Hawaii.
By then you'll realize that you're gonna have to take your HR steam cleaning system
back down to safe muffins.
And before you can do it,
you'll of course have to become invisible.
And before you can do it,
you'll of course have to become invisible.
Once again.
You'll take your HR steam cleaning system
which you stopped at the safe muffins.
You'll put it back in the bin.
And you'll put it in your own home.
And some of them will do this.
Some of them will do this.
Some of them will do this.
Shut up.
And I'm gonna need that first எனenga,
and it'll be time for you to head back to San Francisco.
Don't!
Because if you don't
you'll never leave Contra Costa County.
I can't hear.
Are you doing something?
Get it outta here.
If you'll get back in your vehicle
and you'll go in reverse in reverse gear
using your rear-view mirror
all the way back down the freeway,
freeway past Pleasant Hill, Lafayette, and Arenda.
Get them off! Get, get, get!
You'll go back through the tunnel,
and you're going to get back on the other side of the hills there.
Through the tunnel, right past the ham radio repeater,
and you'll whisk down that hill at 90 miles an hour.
You'll get into the appropriate lanes on your way from 180 in the letter G.
Back to San Francisco.
Back past K101 and the big chairs,
which remind you of the sewer gas back in G where you could become invisible.
Not really sure if Oakland sewer gas can do it as well as Montana sewer gas.
How are you, Ashley?
That's right. How are you? How are you?
And you're on the bridge now heading west into the fog.
The high fog, I repeat.
Fog never touches the ground in California.
It's always so damn high.
And you get across,
and you look back to where the sex chemicals were made.
And finally, you get back into your sewer pipe,
and disappear down into the sewers of San Francisco.
And you know that you'll never, ever want to come out to 180 in the letter G ever again.
And in that sorry situation,
I think it's just about time we went 10-7.
I'm getting that feeling now.
Deep within those sewer pipes by now.
And never find your way out.
You'll never want to find your way out.
I'm sick.
We're 10-7.
Oh, shut it up.
Out.
Shut it up.
Stop everything.
Well, we stopped everything.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
That's all there is to it, folks.
That's what I've been playing there.
I can shut off now.
That was Negative Land, their third album.
A big 10-8 place.
And I'm going to read their address here in just a second,
so you can send them $7.50 and buy that thing.
I know that probably some of my listeners are absolutely disgusted
that they'd have to listen to something as probably strange as all of this may sound,
but that's too bad, ain't it?
I quit my job.
What do I have to worry about?
Nothing.
Nothing.
It's freedom, baby.
Can you dig it?
So anyway, yes, that's Negative Land at...
See, they distribute their own record.
You might be able to find it somewhere.
It's at Box 54, Concord, California, 94522.
Box 54, Concord, California, Concord, 94522.
Send $7.50.
And I hope y'all were getting that in...
I hope you were getting that in a stereo,
because it's really a pretty amazing piece.
So if I can just cut myself loose from these other shows that we fly...
.
.









.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
You've got to see this guy for what he is.
He's a maniac out to rule the world.
What can I do to make you understand?
I love you.
Goodbye, Iceman.
I'm not sleeping.
No!
No!
How's that?
What happened?
What happened?
Where are we?
A minute ago, I was walking around in Glen Rose, Texas,
and now I'm on this planet.
Sandy, what happened?
You got captured by a monster, and I accidentally hit you.
A monster?
Yeah, right up here.
It's dead.
It's dead now.
What's the show doing here?
I don't remember anything.
I don't remember anything.
You brought the show with you from the laboratory.
I'm going to have to think about this.
I don't understand it.
Okay.
We're safe now.
Man, that was a long day.

That was tough.
Too many monsters around here.
At least this old road is still here that the space bulldozers built.
I wish the Transformers were around to help us.
Yeah, really.
Well, which way do you think we should go, Captain Zandy?
Where'd the Lost Subgenius colony...
Where do you think they came from?

The

.
.
P

the
rid of
Unbelievable!
I can't even describe these monsters, folks.
Asleep?
Some of them run off in the bushes.

Now there could be something lurking in those boulders over there.
Yeah, so they're looking.
Ooh, what is that?
Looks like the end of one of the space bulldozers.
Yeah.
The yellow one.
The yellow and red thing.
Uh-huh.
Into them.
But what did this to it?
What could have done this to a space bulldozer?
This looks like the cyclops' head.
And the nose horn.
The two ears.
Maybe the bulldozer had crashed into the cyclops and knocked his horn off.
If that's the case, he's going to be really mad.
And this is just his whole horn?
That's probably just the tip of it.
It's only about eight feet long.
The whole horn is twenty feet.
Then he must be giant-er than the sky.
No, well, his head touches those low clouds over there.
So I hope the show is ready to take that on.
That's the only thing.
If we can make the show sound bad enough,
then even the king's cyclops will be driven away,
and the land will be left in peace and harmony forever.
And Eternia will be ruled.
Eternia?
Yes.
Without He-Man.
Yeah.
Only soon the Transformers will rule Eternia.
No, the Transformers will.
I hope that the Autobots get back to Cybertron, their home.
Why?
And leave the Decepticons here on Earth?
To destroy us?
Yeah.
Why?
Because I'm...
Do you want Earth destroyed?
You've got to see this guy for what he is.
He's a maniac out to rule the world.
What can I do to make you understand?
I love you.
Tune in for mind-melting extremist noise
with best industrial experimental music.
I'm not going to be featuring such top-neighbor group songs.
What planet are we on?
Oh, me too.
We aren't planning this.
This is, uh...
Oh, it's all planned.
Bob, look.
Go ahead and admit it.
See, look, look.
It's a conspiracy.
Look, I'm on page 16.
It says, Lady Paul talks about chili.
I mean, all this stuff is...
You can't fool these people.
Yeah.
They're...
Yeah, I'm tired of this script.
Let's go to this script here.
No, look, do my stuff.
My stuff's really funny.
Prepare for the econocataclysm of my hoarding food.
Gold gun, ammo, and gas.
Going up on survival techniques and learn how to kill.
Of course, you don't want to kill a subgenius believer, but...
God's judgment is going to come and fall again
upon a godless, Christ-rejecting, blasphemous society.
Well, if this sounds paranoid, you're right.
But I think I have good reason to be paranoid.
It's a strange world out there.
Kind of, this is what life is like at a bottom-line level.
You know, and I'm not going to make you cut through a lot of other stuff to get through it.
Here's what it is.
There's no gimmick about that.
It's straightforward.
It's strong.
And it's elemental.
Yeah, heavy stuff.
Witchcraft.
Voodoo.
Devil worship.
A wild, gnawing, animal hunger will grow in you.
Number six hundred, three score.
Every day,
everybody welcome.
One too stupid.
Three, four dumb.
Five, six idiotics.
Seven, eight, seat me safe.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
I like Concord.
And 180G.
I like Pleasant Hill.
No other possibility.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.
Very stupid.

Very stu...
That is no more money?
We gotta get some money.
That dirty, purgy, shark-a-bat, flat-a-pot-a-filla-fuck-a-button,
you don't want the, the deceph...
That sounded pretty good.
Our ancestors used to do this.
Making stupid noises with rocks.
And one day they found out that certain types of rock, when chipped like that, would become
sharp, sharp flint knives worthy of felling even the mighty saber-toothed tiger.
Here's a new one from the
Even the mighty Babosaurus.
Who are our ancestors?
Huh?
Our ancestors are the cavemen, right?
And the monkeys and stuff, right?
Well, our ancestors.
See, Zandy, as subgeniuses,
our ancestors were giant eight-foot-tall yetis,
abominable snowmen and Bigfoot creatures
created by the aliens who came to Earth
after they destroyed the dinosaurs.
Unfortunately, these godlike, super-intelligent ancestors of ours
were smited by evil gods
and turned into pathetic monkeys and humans.
And the humans and the subgeniuses
have always been a little different
and always waged this endless war
over what's funny and what's not funny.
What do you think about that?
What?
What I just told you, the history of mankind.
Yeah, here's your club.
What am I supposed to do with it?
Yeah, call...
Oh, me subgenius, me good, go find human.
Ah, human!
That's just a rock.
Ah, find human.
Ah, subgenius.
The evolution.
Kill bug.
Kill human.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Where we find human, master?
I am a human.
What?
My own son?
A human?
Yeah.
Shelby didn't tell me.
Oh.
This was a plant.
Or, it was a live plant.
See, here's the two eyes, the mouth, and here's the long nose.
Oh.











And that was a plant?
Yeah, or actually, these are like leaves.
It looks like a mutated goat head skull.
And it had eyes?
A plant with eyes?
Yeah.
Never heard of such thing, but that's real!
It's real, folks.
This is a real show and we're really in a dangerous environment.
A hostile planet.
And another time...
Look it.
This was a leg bone.
We're 225 years in the future from when you're hearing this.
This was a leg bone.
This was a leg bone.
I wish She-Ra was here.
Yeah.
So I could kiss her.
Zandy?
Uh huh.
God.
That's what I'm supposed to be thinking.
You're only six years old.
Look at this.
Hey!
Oh, oh, what is that thing?
Oh, oh, get it off!
Oh, get it off me!
Oh!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh!
Those are the unsencنا 쓱s!
Oh, that was...
Must be one of those them-a-pods...
We gotta find some us-a-pods as an antidote, in case one of the them-a-pods fights us.
Yeah, because those antisence can really help!
Did you hear that?
You heard that sound?
.
I heard gunshot.
An earth weapon.
Look out! An egg!
Do you think that's a Gaius Goudis egg?
Well, it won't break it open so it'll die.
Well, it doesn't explode.
I'm gonna stand back.
Way to go! Are you okay?
I didn't brush you off.
You got egg goop all over you.
Look out! Here comes its mother!
Grab a stick! Grab anything!
Stop me!
Quick! Quick! Turn up the show!
Don't you hold it.
When that baby died last night...
...I was a little scared.
You made it.
Zandy!
Am I teaching you too much violence?
No.
Why would you teach me stuff like that?
Huh?
Why would you teach me stuff like that?
I don't know.
Because that's what I got taught.
But it's so much fun.
Like I'm gonna grab the egg.
Where is the egg?
I don't know.
Let's play.
Ta-da!
Here goes the star!





You should be required to do something like this.
Everyone in this colony needs to be epitomised!


explos放
exertικό
Oxyn'
Oh, listen to that beautiful noise, friends.
That's some more negative land capping off the Captain Sun Sun Sun and Daddy show.
Boy, there's going to be a real crowd in here.
Norm's got a whole bunch of guardians of the airwaves here ready to destroy any of the evil callers that call in.
And my time is slowly beginning to run out.
I've got another five minutes here.
Here, I guess you've got another five minutes of slack, friends.
But at least you get that much.
At least listen to that slack skipping by.
Going just right out of your reach.
I smell gasoline.
I smell gasoline.
Where's the lighter?
Yes, friends.
So send for that negative land record.
And, of course, as we come down upon the beautiful closing music of the Hour of Slack show,
this is Reverend Ivan.
Reverend Ivan Stang starting to sign off.
Friends, I want you to send your love offerings our way.
Bob loves you.
And send those, well, every kind of thing you can scrape out of your drawers.
Because we need those donations to keep the home for slackless children afloat.
Keep the church open.
Keep the new pamphlets going out.
You members out there, probably in about a week and a half,
you'll be getting the new subgenius pamphlet.
Number two.
I'll be interested to see whether people like it better or worse than the old original first pamphlet.
Why, nothing could beat that original slack of that first subgenius pamphlet.
You can get that pamphlet, friends.
We can't tell you how much money to send because you're supposed to send that money to the station.
But we'll be reading that address of the subgenius church where you can write for information on just what the heck is going on here.
And that is the church of the subgenius.
P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's Bob at P.O. Box 1403.
No, not P.O. Box 140306.
Box 1403.
O. 6.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
And dear friends, our show is slowly starting to run out.
But before you take over the airwaves.
I'm taking over.
I want to let Pastor Naked's song, Drinking Bud, Watching Bob, play.
Because we keep getting requests for that.
Drinking Budweiser.
Oh, yes, that's right.
Drinking Bud, Watching Bob.
By Pastor Buck Naked.
Coming up.
This is stirring music.
I thought it was sting music.
Stirring sting.
Sting sting music.
I like the lyrics.
Ba-ba-ba-ba.
Here we go, friends.
Pastor Buck Naked.
Buck Naked and the Jaybirds.
Drinking Budweiser.
Watching Bob on TV.
Swallowing Redman.
The day my coon dog died.
Reading the pamphlet.
Over and over again.
I was drinking Budweiser.
And Bob was on TV.
The day that Uncle got kicked by a mule.
I was with Cousin Junior.
The DNA backfired.
I was drinking Budweiser.




I was drunk.
I was lonely.
I was plastered.
I was drinking Budweiser.
And Bob was on TV.
Drinking Budweiser.
Watching Bob on TV.
Swallowing Redman.
Drinking Budweiser.
The day my coon dog died
I was reading the pamphlet
Over and over again
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
I was drinking Budweiser
And Bob was on TV
A few days this last week has brought the passing
of another, I don't know if he's a minister or not,
an evangelist of sorts, Mr. Herbert W. Arm.
Armstrong. Yeah, that's right. I've been getting mail from that
guy for about five years. Free mail. The plain truth
about today's world news and the prophecies of
the world tomorrow. The plain truth, as a matter of fact, that's what we got about half of our early dogma
out of that magazine. You just switch a few names around and point them out to the church.
It's great. But yeah, I was actually, you know,
it's too bad because now Garner Ted will
Well, Garner Ted has
his own church in Tyler. Yeah, right. But Garner Ted was thrown out of
I mean, that's pretty bad when you got to throw your own son out of your church
twice. Twice. What I'm worried about
is my own son throwing me out of my church. Twice.
So what is going to happen? I don't know. I need a job.
I do. Excuse me. I really do.
