Well, I guess it's about time to crank up the little dials and go back, way, way back
to your subgenius radio ministry hour of life.
Praise God!
Over and out.
Yeah, big.
We got this groovy tune, man.
You know a song?
No, that's, we got a, let's take a picture, man.
Oh, man.
Anyway, dig, we got this groovy singer's name, Tune Up Time.
Tune Up Time.
Dig, we got this groovy tune named Tune Up Time.
Give me a key, give me a key.
Come on.
Come on.
What is that, Funky?
The Self Genius Hour of Slash.
And we'll all get married squared.
At the math short duration marriage ceremony.
Yes, it's all too much.
But remember, too much is always better than not enough.
The troops live under the chronic thunder.
From sin to truth they are.
Moving from place to place.
When they come close to.
They swing a different weed off the road.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Feel real good, y'all.
I'm gonna tell it all through the neighborhood.
Gonna fly like a bird on a wing.
Hold on to your halfûtter.
Say, say, say...
Soooo
Oh, yes, dear friends, it's a swinging, swinging show tonight.
The women and hippie conspiracy show.
And the witches must leave out the witches.
Yes, that Bob Dobbs, he's a swinging, swinging, swinging guy.
Swinging from a rope, dear friends.
With the swinging love courses.
You're in the back of the hole.
Yes.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Women beat their men.
The men beat on their drums.
The dominatrix sleeps tonight.
Hang on to your scro-tie, boys.
It's going to be a rough one tonight.
Ah, yes, because...
To chant the mantra of Bulldada,
first kneel on the floor, placing both hands behind you,
grasping both buttocks muscles.
Inhale deeply, constricting the diaphragm,
and at the top of your lungs, expel air,
producing these sounds.
And exhale under the humer's lash.
Eggs are engulfed by the air.
And feel carried away to the upper abdomen,
there are four superlike sounds.

my voice is more 내
sound.
You're all right.
Yeah, you're not so bad.
Not nearly as bad as that man Bob, that's for sure, friends.
Switching little woman heads out here so that we can always know just what we're doing.
And what we're doing, as I said, is a little bit of a theme show tonight.
We just found a lot of nice stuff that came bubbling up out of the mess on the big table there and out of those files.
And it turned into, well, the hippie women witches.
Hour of slack.
I guess they got us by the glands, boys.
Specifically.
Especially this time, of course, the witches of Cleveland.
Sister Mary Squared, Princess We Are Doe, queen of all the UFOs.
And Sister Melodious Chop.
You'll be hearing all three of them tonight.
As well as Lonesome Cowboy Dave on that show from WCSB in Cleveland that yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, was so lucky to guest upon.
And Pope Sternodocs.
Heard howling and basing in the background.
And all of that fallout, dear friends, from the frightening rant and rave number two in Cleveland.
You just never know what they're going to do next.
I sure don't.
Now a strange, unearthly creature returns to petrify every human being who crosses her path.
It's Princess We Are Doe.
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!

Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
!
Seriously, before I say goodnight, I like your cousin Monica.
But isn't she a bit kooky?
Well, I supposed outsiders, she does appear a little strange, but...
But does she believe in all that voodoo?
Stick it right in your ass.
This truth that I'm about to give you has exploded in power.
Woo!
Oh, and I should cut in and give credits.
More credits than could ever possibly be due.
Uh, we start off with a tiny bit of Jimi Hendrix doing the tune-up song, and he's in the background here.
Followed by bits and pieces, a lot of bits and pieces we got in off tapes from the, uh,
neo-psychedelic mind orgasm.
The Princess We Are Go and Mary Squared show tape.
The amazing and still sort of anonymous Lookout Miami collab.
A lot of cool bits of music just burbling up.
Forms of Insanity from Cleveland, a little bit.
And Joe Riley there, St. Joe Riley, uh, with the mantra.
The wonderful stooge mantra.
And, uh, oh yes, dear friends.
What's coming up, I should, I should, uh, actually introduce this little bit of tape that's coming up.
We got it off of, uh, Arnold Mathis' new tape, or old new tape.
End of the World.
Enterprises.
And, uh, it's a recording of none other than the Axis, one of the Elder Gods, uh, describing the advent of, uh, the queen of all the UFOs, Princess Wee, and her sex goddesses, and the fromp goddesses, and the food goddesses.
Uh, and also discussing your heritage as a descendant of the Yeti, the abominable, so-called abominable snow people.
You are a son of a hybrid under Bob.
Now listen closely, uh, because he says of Princess Wee Ardo that aeons ago from beyond the balloon of space, he refers to the balloon of space a couple of times and states that her mission is to mate with the dust of this planet and mold it in many and varied ways.
The hybrid makes a lot of sense.
The hybrid, the fellow man, the Y'timson, is her crowning achievement...
But, uh, cub other stories than efforts to get Y'timson, especially in theë
But, uh, cub other stories like this one says it's so much better, so let's just asked the Axis.
From the havel space, she take a eons ago from beyond the balloon of space.
Her mission, to mate with the dust of this planet and mold it many and varied ways.
The hybrid man so mind you that she leans on the surface.


is her crowning achievement.
Through a process of elimination
over tens of thousands of years,
she fashioned a critter
with the appendages necessary
to facilitate the worldwide space program
that is now in its final stage.
On November 28, 2001,
the select of this planet
will join her aboard the spaceships
that will blast through the window in space
to see beyond the balloon of space.
Who are you?
Where are you going?
You think you know the answer.
But do you?
Do you know that you're a...
a hybrid?
A hybrid?

A creature?
Son of a hybrid.
The granddaughter of a hybrid.
You know the beginnings,
the real beginnings
of life on this planet?
The beginnings
that you can't know,
hence you don't know.
Where did you come from?
Where are you going?
Where are you going?

Perhaps some mindless evolution
you conclude causes you to be?
Where is the Earth going?
Where is the universe going?
Do you know?
Do you think these things are knowable?
So therefore you preclude thinking about them?
I'm Bishop Joey.
You can speak to me.
That's what we need.
We're going to be on the same stupid channel here on UHFVHF.
And next week we're getting Playboy Channel.
And really, let's...
We want to clear up the confusion.
Where have you been talking more shit?
I've been on the box, man.
I've been...
The technological complexities behind this whole...
Look at the wires and stuff here.
They're all fused together.
You wouldn't believe it.
They came in here with a...
But you got there.
I'll give you...
Okay.
Those subgenius shows, I hate it.
You can't hear what they're saying over the sound effects and things.
You can't hear what they're saying over the sound effects and things.
There's just so damn many sound effects.
But you got there.
And he does, too.
Now that...
But look at hers.
Whoa.
Now, dude.
That's a crescent...
That's like five crescent moons lined up in a row with all the goddesses of Hecate and all that witchy stuff danced around it.
Wittershins in the midnight moonlight.
Oh, man.
If you guys only knew...
Moons lined up in a row with all the...
If you only...
If you...
If you could have seen with your eyes, well...
Well, beauty would not have to think like you've seenWe'd have to think with...
What these eyes have seen.
Oh.
My God, what have I just seen?
Wow.

Bum.
Oh, my god.
D'you feel that?
Yeah, you kind of feel it up close.
The bird is soict up, you feel it's fortunately going to be in the king's arm...
What?
was he making?


¿Qué dij inputsonofatí?
It's...
The one down the earth?
Big pretty cats.
Bumbs, and big, big spider being eaten.
But you get to see...
You don't get any of it, see?
And then there's Bird B film in...
Ooh, Kiki!
Not me
But the people they say
That the men are leading
The women astray
But I say
That the women of today
Smarter than the man
In every way
Oh yes, smarter
Well, God made man
But he used the market to do it
H in the plan
What are you to prove it?
I can walk like an ape
Talk like an ape
Do what monkeys do
Well, God made man
But a monkey supplies the blue
Hey, hey
Hey, hey
Hey, hey
Hey, hey
The jim-jamp-jumping jive
Makes you hep-hep on the mellow side
Skiddle-a-boo, skiddle-a-diddle-a-diddle-a-diddle-a-diddle
Going, going, going, going, da-da
Now I told you about the jumping jive
Jim-jamp-jump, the jumping jive
I know you dug this mellow jive
Cause you dig it on the mellow side
The Lord is my happening
He's where it's all at
He tricks me sweetly
He never bugs me
He says, make it
When the duds put me all down
I keep my cool
Cause he straights with me
Even though my head's torn up
And the world's a plastic mushroom
And I'm crawling on my face
Everything is cool
Cause he's there digging me
When everybody's faking and stabbing
He's super cool
And I'm crawling on my face
And he's with me, baby
He craves my face when it's ugly, man
He lays abundance on me
Baby, ain't no way I can get hung up
He's my lifetime trick
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?

Bob?
Mom!
Mom!
Mom!
Mom!
Mom!
Mom!
Mom!

Mom!
I'm gonna get into that baby.
Why balk at anything, friends?
Take it off and keep it off.
You'll find hair growing in places you never had before.
You'll have organs you never had before.
Alright, alright, now what do we mean as marriage?
If Reverend Son Young Lee has increased his age and married 20,000 total strangers to each other,
in order to get the organs into America,
then we do this short grace marriage.
24 hour marriage ceremony.
As a wife, one sub-Jesus came up to me and just pointed out,
he said, well, my girlfriend told me,






right after I got her name tattooed on my arm,
so I'm gonna have to marry a conga.
And if a man conga,
that means that's gonna be his bride for tonight.
So, you know,
you can be grand about it,
but you've got a drink in your hand.
And those drinks mean more to you
than any human being
ever will in your life.
Go ahead and marry the
the booze, man.
You know, be shy about it.
Step right up!
You don't have to get married!
I think it's a good marriage ceremony.
Why don't you see them standing there with their hands in their pockets?
You don't have to get married.
This is all right.
You can't marry yourself!
And that is where it happened.
Suddenly, time compressed.
Lust dripping from her mouth.
Lost, out of control,
dancing,
sex chasing in circles like mad dogs,
faster and faster,
trying to catch her breath.
I was robbed of
natürlich
of orange-red flames erupting from the Earth's nucleus
to reach hundreds of feet into a darkened sky.
New, baroque, fainted dancers over me,
just inches away,
sensuously begging me to cross over.
Suck my lips.
Taste my wine.
The gargantuan crystal chandelier
swaying back and forth,
whipping the chains that held it,
looked like it was about to drop.
I heard the sound of a deep, grinding moan
from the bowels of the temple
as a large pillar slowly turned
and then suddenly fell down across the floor
where naked, painted dancers stood just moments before,
creating a barrier between us.
Screaming only added excitement to the orgasmic dance
of the painted nymphs.
The temple shook so violently it began to crumble.
Four deaths,
three
and three.
The temple was about to collapse.
My right arm, in tremendous pain,
frantically clung to an opening in the wall
as I watched a gigantic gas fire cloud
coming toward me in a tremendous speed,
arms and hands twisting and turning
in the midst of the inferno,
desperately trying to reach each other,
our fingertips almost barely touching.
Have you ever been in one of these things,
these ACE people, you know, the ACE?
Well, actually, yes.
You know what that stands for?
This is what they say.
Association for Consciousness Exploration.
You know what that means.
Wink, wink.
Wink, wink.
I know what that means.
What does that mean?
Exploring the frontiers of your consideration.
Does it?
I thought it had something to do with like the hammer in the,
when you wrap the hammer in like a bed sheet
or like a little tiny napkin or something,
and if you're trying to find illumination
and you can't find it,
and you have to lift the hammer gently and tap.
That's right.
You tap your forehead.
Just gently.
Just gently.
Just enough to cause a little swelling.
And these people, these people know how,
just exactly what spots on your head,
actually they put a little pebble between the,
they've used, the experts take a ball peen hammer and a pebble
and put it against a certain spot on your head,
different spots, depending on whether they want you to feel good or bad,
or praise Bob or help honey.
And then they just little, you know,
kind of like a Three Stooges sound effect,
like when they pull your eyelash out, it goes,
you know, kind of like.
And that's, you know,
that's how they, we bring about the contracted consciousness
and leave the little dents, little,
and we do them in circles and.
And by these dents, they are known.
By these dents shall ye know them.
That's right.
He will come with one sandal only and a pipe,
and smoke it forever.
If you'd like a picture of the future,
imagine a pipe smoking in a human face forever.
I have, unfortunately.
Winston, I mean, pipe smoking in a human face forever.
Pipe smoking in a human face forever.
Now, that's one thing I've been wanting to take away.
I've been wanting to take it off with you
for quite some long time.
Take it all off.
I was wondering.
Pipe, pipe, pipe, pipe.
By their dents, ye shall know them.
Why would you want to know all these people?
I mean, ain't it better just to come up and maybe say,
introduce yourself to someone and have, you know,
pal around and stuff like that, you know.
Well, this thing, this is why you sell things to each other.
You can, you can just, it's like an orgy of selling.
Selling, it's a social intercourse, you might say.
I see, I see.
Pipe smoke.
A blast.
Well, if I go to that subgenius show, will I meet some of them loose subgenius girls?
Yep.
I'm tired of these science fiction conventions.
They're boring.
I want to go in one of them sub gum conventions.
That'll be fun.
They're boring.
They're boring.
They're boring.
They're boring.
They're boring.
Oh, I was getting cramped up there.
You know, performer loose.
You didn't have to do that, though.
They're boring.
Oh, sheesh.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
It's something I ate.
That's okay.
I mean, we have to come up here in all kinds of strange conditions, and you're a real trooper.
Rev boy, I can say that to all these faceless, mindless cretins barking out here in the lonely
darkness out here.
But, you know, the work with them, we wouldn't have an audience.
If you want light in your life.
But, you know, the work with them, we wouldn't have an audience.
Pardon?
I said if it weren't for them boneless cretins, we wouldn't have an audience, right?
Oh, we don't have an audience.
The boneless cretin, an endangered species.
This is a wraparound.
Give to those who have.
This studio, nothing goes out.
This is a big joke.
We was putting you all.
This is a studio.
Is that the way you guys do the show?
Uh-huh.
And what about certain disabilities?
Uh, the dealing with any of the others impaired.
We're trying to help those who are afflicted with dealing with, who are, who have the dealing
with any of the others disability.
The Church of the Subgenius is there to help you not have to deal with any of the others.
Get the others, the others to, you know, if they see that you're, that you're dealing
with any of the others disabled, we want people to just leave you alone.
If we could just educate folks.
When they see someone who is dealing with any of the others disabled, just don't mess
with them, you know.
Let them do their, whatever those strange people do, just leave them alone and you'll
be happy and they'll be happy.
That's all we're trying to preach, you know.
It's just by, let bygones be bygones and just let people get along, you know.
I respond for every night.
It's just, it's a peaceful, it's like nonviolent protest, you know.
I think they're peaceful.
I think they're parasites to those.
They're parasites to the environment.
Those handicapped people should be cut off and never, ever, ever spoken to or wheeled
around or talked to again.
That's right.
Kill them.
I think, I think, I think, I think they're parasites to those.
As you're someone squaring off.
Repent, quit your job and square off, my friend.
Square off a week.
If you're lonesome tonight, what can you do Saturday night?
If you're lonesome tonight, you can look forward to Saturday night.

And stroke your ego just thinking about it.
Mm, mm, mm.
Is there going to be like a salad bar and a thing like that?
Or is it like a ticket drink thing?
Or like a ticket dance matchup?
They sell alcohol, the dumb drinks, and they sell smart drinks, which are these new Mondo 2000.
It's like vitamins and pentamines and peptides.
Synthetic brain.
It's like monkey brains.
Yes.
And things.
All of them.
Actually, it keeps you alive forever.
It's called life extension and mind extension.
Oh, just what I want.
You won't ever die and you'll be much more intelligent and none of the drugs will make you feel bad.
That's the story anyway.
And that's why they call it the smart bar because they sell those smart drinks.
And this is the cool and happening thing.
You know, this is the latest new trend that the Church of the Sub...
You can always tell when a trend is about to get new when the Church of the Subgenius latches onto it like a lamprey or a leech.
And ride piggyback kind of rides it like a monkey on its back until it's bled all the slack from it and given it to its own members.
So this is how we, you, the subgeniuses and subgenius sympathizers can show up at the smart bar and leech off all the potential slack in that trendy ride scene.
Slack, sex, and money.
Praise God, praise God.
And you'll have it all.
Amazing face that's known as Bob.
You promised slack to me.
I took your advice.
And quit my job.
Now I'll work twice as hard for thee.
I'll be back in a minute.
I'll be back in a minute.
I'll be back in a minute.
When it's good to see you here tonight.
But I got to say it's all about right.
Behind the scenes of the things you see is a lot of hard-work heresy.
Now Bob is great.
And Bobby is good.
But he don't slack near like I should.
He should be eating Bob out of the flying bed.
I'm crossing assets, smart bar said.
Whoa, give it back.
Where do I go to get my slack?
Whoa, give me back.
Like another ranch, the place to run.
I went to a party that was wrong.
Because everybody wanted to hear Bob's song.
And had me play it till my fingers bled.
When nothing paid and no one said no.
Give it back.
Where do I go to get my slack?
Say it, whoa, give me back.
Like another ranch, the place to run.
I worked all night.
Here's another ranch.
I wanted to sleep but they said you can't.
You got to pack up a room or two.
And put up a table in for your crew.
Whoa, give it back.
Where do I go to get my slack?
Say, whoa, give me back.
Like another ranch, the place to run.
Whoa, give me back.


I wanted to sleep but they said you can't.
You got to pack up a room or two.
You got to pack up a room or two.
You got to pack up a room or two.
You got to pack up a room or two.
So I'll give people to you.
Because we are through.
You'll have to find a world to stay.
We're going to enjoy the ranch and wave.
Whoa, give it back.
Where do we go to get our slack?
Say, whoa, give me back.
Not another event to run.
Say, whoa, give it back.
Where do we go to get our slack?
Say, whoa, give me back.
Not another event to run.
Not another big event to run.
Not another ranch, the place to run.
Give it back.
and you'll have it all
I loved you at first glance
Now, back to parasitic relationships
These drinks
I've heard some of these drinks
can cause extreme damage
to like the fifth lumbar
and the lower axle area
if you haven't had your axle
That's what the conspiracy
Food and Drug Administration wants you to believe
Actually, the things won't hurt you a bit
They just want to control them so they can raise the price
just like they did with
FROP and things like that
I see, so again
the veil of conspiracy
the haze of that misbegotten
one monolithic
or mini-lithic
it covers up what
is something being covered up again now?
Now the stage is bare
and I'm standing there
with
sex
sex
money
sex
money
sex
money
sex
money
sex
money
sex statut
sex
sex




Connie finds a fellow, she lies, she marries him, because it keeps him from sinning.
And that's what I like to do tonight, is find my true yeti, my mate.
There's Connie's Custom Carving Service.
If you've got the prize, we've got the size.
The bigger, the fatter, the harder, the wetter.
Happy, I tell you.
Where did you come from?
Where?
Where are you going?
Where is Bob going?
Well, dear friends, I want to give some credits real quick here.
So you know what you've been listening to since the last time I gave credits.
We've heard a little bit of KPFA.
This is starting way at the beginning.
There was some KPFA, Puzzling Evidence Show, starring Philo Drummond and Bishop Joey.
Talking about St. Stupid there.
And quite a bit of Cuckoo.
And some more good cuts from the Lonesome Cowboy Dave Show.
They're from WCSB in Cleveland.
Oh, what a wonderful show.
ESO Radio, it's also called.
And, of course, quite a bit of the little Bob chanting from Princess We Are Doe and Mary Squared.
Drifting around in a car, looking for Oberlin.
And, uh...
The Lord is...
Is my happening.
That hippie Lord prayer.
We don't know who did that, but it was donated to the church.
With several nice tape pieces by Reverend Susie the Flusie, who was in town this weekend.
She also gave us the tape of the guy talking about the naked dancing of the nudity of my heart.
That's Rexino Mondo from an incredible kook album he did called...
Pay.
Pay.
Messenger of Pay.
Which was his kook testament to Debbie Reynolds.
Yes.
We may hear more of that in the weeks to come.
Hard work heresy.
Song there by Sister Melodious Chops at the Rant Raven in Cleveland.
As well as Sister Mary Squared there.
Ranting with...
Of all things, Pope Sternodot.
and the world beat drummers repercussion in the background ah yes and that lovely
a sister Mary squared we'll hear just a little bit more of her coming
are you tired of studying bitches pretending like they know you on television asking you to call the 1-900 number well
Connie doesn't know you from Adam but she'll moan so loud you can put the phone down and use both hands
wouldn't you like to be married to a woman like God
Connie is opposed to a woman like Bobby
what if you'll marry me Dr. Lequeuze Pope Sterno Frederick Craig are you there will you help me someone please hurt me baby tell me I'm pretty I wanna holler at the town students all
seems like they're gonna kick us out of here in a few minutes
I figured that
your ramp number three might coincide with my ramp number four if you know what I mean sister
oh ho ho two and two do equal four but a five has gotten me ten and I do know how to work it
hey old Connie as I have said earlier we are a cell set that is selling sex and there is no one on this earth that can sell sex like Bob and Connie

now we're not launching a Sam Snead head up here tonight we're not launching a Lee Torito head that wouldn't make any sense we're launching a living bleeding fast-free coagulated bleeding head of Arnold Palmer
and oh boy they're dealing heavily with some damn stuff
what was the last time you had sex with a man called Bob?
I don't know if you can get stuck on ground?
this may be your chance!
someone in this audience is going to be...
is going to catch this head and probably grossly make out with it
now he's got some alright
Sterno is lining up for some time
he's lining up for some time
he's testing the wind
he's centering himself
he's...
And the name of Fongtang, Ra, Bob, Jehovah One, Connie, He-Dog, Poop-Dog, and our fond
of Ultrasaurus.
Let the head be launched!
Oh my god, the head!
We're in play animation.
Look at that.
He's actually touching the head.
The head is glowing.
The head has been launched twice.
They had to be launched twice.
They're picking a stone.
It's a very grisly religion, isn't it?
The head is being picked.
The demonic lights of the stones are going off.
They're holding it by the filthy, tripping, unprofitable fangs that roar in from the stone.
It is being passed around.
No one has made out that the head doesn't appear to kiss the head.
Dr. LeHune, would you care to show the book the new event is?
Is your heart dniill with pain?
Shall I come baclmet?
Shall he come back again?
Shall the king come back again?
I believe he will.
I believe Elvis will be at the SmartBar Saturday night.
Of course he's always in disguise.
He looks like this fat pink now.
. ? etai Studios.
and Bob will be playing lead guitar, saxophone, and drums, respectively.
And Jimi Hendrix will be there tomorrow night.
I thought that was like a little two-sides hologram thing you guys were going to put up.
There's no trickery, no fakery.
We don't use camera tricks.
Did Reverend Martin Heed go to your church?
Reverend Martin Heed?
I believe it was.
Heed have been Reverend Martin, I believe.
Yeah, I don't know.
I'm sure.
I'll check the computer tomorrow.
Oh, he's ordained.
That's right.
Did I say that?
Didn't pick up on it.
Excuse me.
That was a good one.
Can I have another one?
Well, I suppose one's coming up soon.
Here, wait a minute.
We have a question coming in.
Is it okay to use Bob's name in vain?
That's the only way you can really use it.
Intravenously.
Right, yeah.
I mean, some people like to...
Skin pop.
Skin pop, yeah.
I was going to say pop, pop, skin pops and Bob.
But the dots really don't, you know, I mean, usually just a...
You want at least a whole dot of Bob.
If you're going to...
You know, he's a half-tone pattern in his face is.
And if you...
One dot on an 8x10 size is usually about...
In case you're wondering what's going on.
Like Reverend Ron said before, three will kill an elephant, but Bob can take five.
And keep on driving.
All right.
Come on.
And I want you to know that when Bob smokes his pipe, you smoke along with him.
And when I smoke my pipe, I smoke with Bob.
Thank you.
This is an ugly church.
We are an ugly country.
And sex is messy.
Praise the messy sex.
This is a church.
You scared me there, informant.
Say, guys, let's face it.
Today's clothes are designed to look good on today's good-looking men.
When's the last time you saw a male model that parts his...
Teeth in the middle?
When you're ugly, it's hard to find clothes that go with your look unless you shop at Ugly Men's Clothing Store.
He's an ugly man.
Ugly Men's Clothing Store, where ugly men can find clothes designed for them.
Even starvation won't stare you in the face when you wear one of our special designer ties.
Your own mother will forget you have to lift your nose to eat when she sees these ugly short-sleeved shirts.
He's an ugly man.
So, if you're the kind of guy who has to sneak up on...
a mirror to shave in the morning,
or if you've ever gone into a cornfield and scared the crows so much they brought back the corn they took the year before,
then you should be shopping at the Ugly Men's Clothing Store.
He's an ugly man.
Ugly Men's Clothing now has two locations downtown at the bus terminal and in the county at the bus terminal.
My guest tonight is the Reverend Ivan Stang from the First Church of the Subgenius.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And, uh...
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave.

Is still hanging out, going through some 45s here.
And, uh, I have pretty much given up my show tonight for whatever takes place.
And, uh, if you can lis... if you're hearing the sound of my voice, if you're listening to the sound of my voice,
you have been given a task to witness to, um, the church and to Bob, I believe.
It's all for Bob.
Maybe there's a really core message you could get to about...
For the people who are... who...
are gifted enough to be listening to this broadcast at this moment.
The lucky devils. Literally. Devils. That's what they're all gonna be.
A last-minute me... well, all I can say there is...
be there or be square.
You could stay all night.
Yes, I really do.
Or next to me.
One of the things that Bob's name is good for is to repeat over and over again.
It's a mantra.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
It's a mantra, and you can repeat it over and over again.
Well, didn't Indiana Jones do that? When... when they came out?
The guy was trying to cl... get his heart out of his chest, and Indiana Jones said,
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Yeah.
And it stopped him from doing that.
Yeah.
And yanking his chest. His heart. Right on his...
Well, he still had that hand print with all the fingers sort of still stuck in there.
What the hell are y'all talking about?
It's... it's good to... to repeat.
And then you can repeat it and repeat it and repeat it and repeat it and repeat it until...
until you remember your own name.
That's exactly it. That's what it's good for.
Well, shoot. Shoot. Shoot.
You repeat Bob's name until you remember your own, and you will... you will remember yourself.
The superior rational has remembered you, and you must only...
You see, most people go through life asleep. They're not truly awake.
Bob is the awake man, and he will slap you awake.
Like, take that, and that, and that.
Ow! Ow! Ow!
And, uh, what an alarm clock he is.
The alarm clock of slack.
Always goes... It goes off three hours late every time.
The catechism of catechism.
Because, you know...
If you have that job, that's good, because you can repent and quit it.
And slack off.
For those of you who don't have jobs...
No! Oh, God, no!
Oh, no, no, that's all right. That's all right. No, the 60... I know.
When the... the triple your money back... uh...
No, no, no, that's all right. That's all right. No, the 60... I know. When the... the triple your money back...
Yeah...
Before the voisins holes you think that you act up for a sweet good,
and this you...
have that cái has to work...
No, I love that and that!
That if you don't have to do it, all right...
And you see that these disembodied souls show up going, where's my $60?
I want my triple money back.
I didn't get eternal salvation, Bob.
And when that happens, you know, just throw them a new, one of your new subgenius pamphlets, and they'll generally go away.
Why not wait? What if you get to lose a little time, maybe?
Come on. You did sign the application.
These are the times that try men's souls.
Come on. But we can come on.
We can try your souls and try them and try them until they fit.
And then we'll give them back to you one size fits all.
I'm falling!
I'm falling!
It's a sample of...
Sampling is actually what it is.
The whole...
In the name of Jesus...
That's my brother, Reverend Robert Tilton of Dallas, Texas, my good brother, said that what he just said,
that means send more to me because the ink stains my brain.
Jesus...
I always thought he was talking about soybeans.
Or sorghum or something.
And you clarified that like Indian butter.
He's speaking ancient Hebrew.
In ancient dead languages, that's what he's speaking in tongues.
It's armate.
We call it armate.
Don't worry. Don't worry. It's all right.
He likes being tongue.
It was silly. It was silly.
I had just the idea of tonguing a word like that.
That's what the mainstream Christians call the...
The mainstream Christians call the...
The mainstream...
But Baptist fanatics call the Charismatics, they call them tonguers.
Tonguers.
Yeah, I've had regular type Baptist fanatics go,
look, I'm not one of them nuts that's, you know, tonguers.
I ain't a tonguer. I know. I heard that phrase.
Don't get me wrong.
And then the guys, they pull their nostril hairs, they call them taskers.
And then there's a tongue...
There's somebody involved with tungsten...
Those are the guys that braid their nostril hairs.
Yeah.
Those are the Rasta...
The Frappafarians.
Yeah.
Frappé.
Frappé.

Frappé.
Frappé.
Frappé.





Frazzanostrils.
Well, this is certainly not culturally hegemonistic in any way.
This is like a bright blue, green, purple, and yellow, orange, and green, and red mosaic of spirituality
represented through one, like, dumb-looking head with a pipe sticking out of it.
It's sticky.
It's redulent with frot fumes.
It's...
It's...
It's got tiny little red hairs on each dot.
Just fantastic.
It's religion.
Right there on the street.
In the road, right in front of everybody.
You'll love it.
You'll love it.
You'll love it.
You'll love it.
El saboroso.
You'll love it.
You'll love it.
El sabado 23.
You'll love it.
Your money, if you give it to this church.
Slash.
It's a very simple concept to understand.
But some people just don't get it.
Now, two...
Two and two do equal four.
But a five will get you ten if you know how to work it.
Now, the conspiracy was minimal top, and they have put up all these commercials, and all these what-have-you, and world leaders, and all kinds of things.
They have taught us that you can avoid the noise.
But no, that is not true.
The noise will always be there.
You cannot avoid the noise.
And unfortunately, the noise is not a cute little friendly gesture like anime and ee that comes into existence only when you see pizza commercials.
The noise is your tire going flat.
The noise is you failing that math test that you studied so hard for.

The noise is anyone or anything or any situation that you get yourself into that is unpleasant and does not provide slack.
Now, you can't avoid the noise because it will always get you.
But you can annoy the void.
You can reach into any situation and pull yourself out of it.

You can get trapped by the bootstraps.
Bob has been drunk so many times that he didn't think he could get enough.
But Connie did just that little bit of trying, and she reached into the void.
And hell, first coming, second coming, that's for Jesus.
Third, fourth, fifth coming is for mom and Connie.
Fourth, fifth of five, is for Max....
...and sixth the activity.
It's more than you and ten times.
And the three of them get into thisature, making it so hard for I think Sugar needs for them to get an idea of what the a-bomb ought to it.
But you and I, most of all, wait.




But since I got up in the morning to leaveb tried puffing out theオン and thinking I should sit here and still finish the song.
I don't understand what eating dead people if you could clarify this a little bit of large
what does it eating dead people's heads have to do with the church's subgenius I don't know if I
got my notes right on this here but said there was an accident in Austin and palm of redips or
somebody or some other those are all lies all lies but what was what did you hear I heard that
someone they were involved in eating small baby heads or something and they blamed on the church
of this sub I don't know was the sub phonics or the subgenius I don't know that I don't know
either because there was the guy that made the artwork out of the dead dog in Baltimore and that
may be the one you're thinking about you know the two dead dogs he's the one who had the mustaches
on the top of his head and the brain tattooed tentatively a convenience of the famous subgenius
performance artists got in a lot of trouble more than Schwartz Kogler I could tell you right now
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to tell me what you're thinking but I'm not sure if you're
going to be able to tell me what you're thinking but I'm not sure if you're going to be able to tell me

or you may be talking about the launching of the bleeding head of Arnold Palmer oh that was quite
an event well it's an ongoing event the head is always being launched I saw in the past figuratively
it takes off doesn't it literally takes off and you know when you talk well you were asking I
think what you were referring to was the doctrine of the zombies eating the dead well see things
the way the conspiracy world is now this is
Jane
or hyper fleets taught on this st.
Jane or hyper fleets of Little Rock Arkansas he said and I'll quote now when I was a zombie things were different when I was a zombie when we rose from the dead we did it at six o'clock in the morning not one o'clock in the afternoon damn straight he's kids nowadays he's damn zombies nowadays now when I was a zombie when we ate the flesh of a woman's corpse we did it with respect for the woman that's right things are going to hell nowadays and on a fast basket on a fastback
stick
yeah
so
that's why we put you in that boxcar with
those sliders well I mean I've been enjoying myself since then but I I think it's more of a transfigurable form of impalement I mean I don't really feel like I'm losing you know stigmata from any wound yet are
because you have to see you haven't spent your you haven't bought your are rather procure your love offering your membership card and that's true I have while I ain't paid up so to speak you know if that's it to me yeah I'm more of an effective
yes





now that I'm dismembered.
Consider yourself a blessed...
Yeah, you are truly blessed.
I'm blessed.
You are truly blessed.
And I think I'm truly blasted.
It's strange.
You know, we've never had anyone in this studio
that can make their body vibrate that way.
I noticed when you do a little...
And aside for a moment,
that you begin to change color
and your perforations change also.
Well, see, I'm in touch with my true Yeti self.
All subgeniuses are descendants of the Yetis,
the mighty Yetis of Atlantis,
who are like super extreme versions,
caricature cartoon versions
of the way their Yeti descendants are.
You know, I look almost human.
But, well,
within reason.
And as being in touch with my true Yeti self,
I'm able to duplicate some of the physical endowments
of the Yeti,
such as, as you can see here,
changing my hair color,
ruffling up the ridges on my back,
puffing up certain...
It's wild.
...and the migrating side orifices,
as well as the elbow appendages.
It's strange as hell, really.
It is.
Did you grow a new appendage, man?
Did you?
Did you?
Did you?

Lucy?
Lucy?
Did you?
Did you grow a new appendage?
Did you?
Did you?
Have you seen a boy named Vicky?
That coffee got the...
No, it's...
No, it's...
Where the land of England
touches the land of Vermont.
Of Vermont.
Hi, man.
What's going on?
What's going on?
This is getting too weird.
I mean, this is like...
This is like...
The bold surrealism factor is...
I don't think he...
I can't even...
It's not making any...
Even to...
And as it says here...
As it says here...
I'd like to remind you beings...
I'd like to remind you beings...
That you're listening...
That you're listening...
Listening to...
Listening to...
Listening to...
The...
The Subgenius Radio Ministry
Hour of Slack, dear friends.
From here in beautiful Dallas, Texas,
this is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
And the Hour of Slack, as you may not know,
is the output, radio output,
of the Church of the Subgenius
under that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And you can...
You can get free information
about Subgenius books, magazines, tapes,
and videos, and so forth.
Free information, dear friends.
From...
I'm about to give that address.
Just write to Bob.
Address that to Bob at
Post Office Box
140306
Dallas, Texas
75214
Once again, that's
Bob...
Bob at Post Office Box
140306
Dallas, Texas
75214
I believe we are on an irreversible trend
towards the future.
and democracy.
But that could change.
That is what he said.
That is what
J. Danforth Quayle,
44th Vice President
of the United States,
said.
He was born a Hoosier,
raised and educated
in Indiana.
And this is what he said.
what he said. This is what Dan Quayle said to the United Negro College Fund. What a waste
it is to lose one's mind, or not to have a mind. How true that is. While visiting Hawaii,
he said, Hawaii has always been a very pivotal role in the Pacific. It is in the Pacific.
It is a part of the United States that is an island that is right here. That is what
he said. To the Samoans, Danforth Quayle said, you all look like happy campers to me. Happy
campers you are.
Happy campers you have been. And as far as I'm concerned, happy campers you will always
be. And about his homeland, he said, it's rural America. It's where I came from. We
always refer to ourselves as real America. Rural America. Real America.
Real, real America.
The American Pronunciation Guide Presents

