What is that?
This fungal growth seems to have traveled all the way to the base of the spine.
This basal area here is completely covered with the fungus.
This whale has not died from natural causes.
This whale has died from...
It appears to be...
The suction cup-shaped scars covering the outer epidermis of Mrs. Monstro
indicated that she died at the tentacles of the great kraken,
the so-called mythical beast of the sea,
actually based upon the giant squid.
And, man, that was...
Mighty good.
Yeah, now, poor old Witterwer Dave, when he met up with that squid,
he thought, well, now, man, I've had them whales, I've had them polar bears,
but I've never had a kraken.
A kraken.
A kraken, or whatever, one of them giant squids with a 50-foot tentacle reach
and that ink sac.
Oh, yes.
Mmm, the inks.
He could smell the ink.
Hey, old Dave was a hound dog.
He was a rooster back in them days, old Dave was.
Oh, he'd go after anything.
You know, honey, you know, he liked the way his hair was bent.
It looked like a skyscraper.
There were three different pieces on top of his skull,
and each one was capable of taking in a different signal
and retransmitting.
He could transmit it on different frequencies and wavelengths
until at certain times it seemed his whole head would glow
and he would create a vast vortex around him.
No one could see but him.
Just like that Japanese guy with the feather on his head.
.
ew- Cartoonist accomplished

F*** this
Time to reducing Generation was,
this, or that
Eww, you can thud





I can't understand





squids
Wuhwnie This, please, stop me!
wow
the most scientists were separated in their heads from the world that's just bizarre
glub glub glub and with that great drain plug came out in the center of the ocean
and the whole show went right down the drain and that was it that was the end of it
hell man what are we gonna do now manson's still in jail we gotta do something about charlie man
he never committed a crime all he did was let people do what they wanted to do
you know i saw that movie natural born killers let's go get a video camera and a boom box to
break charlie out man
we need to pray we need to pray
but who
okay they're jamming man they've got they've got one of those wind-up monkeys in a cardboard box
doing that drum that drum beat it's pretty high tech in here
taste the rich nougat
chas is going to play the guitar backwards with his teeth as the nougat fills the cavities
he's imbued with the spirit of an ancient sea creature
lena lena lena dave is now channeling an ancient sea creature
me
lena
lena
lena
lena
doesn't make any sense to me either senseless
lena lena
my family lived on the minor island 6 000 years ago we traded bronze for small pieces of
onion skin paper which we will strip over our ear compromise on the feast days
well you know the the weird thing it goes on and on and on when you make an indent with people and people need a degree in science like you know we miss star�
on but after a while the pattern starts to form and you know it makes a weird kind of a sense
and you know the the only way at that point to figure out what's true is to just just keep quiet
and keep watching just keep watching and keep listening because they're going to be watching
and listening back at you go ahead check out those stories of the installation inside hoover dam
all those stories about the groom lake crashed saucers those are just cover stories for
activities that are going on 400 miles away stories of unusual craft entering or leaving
bodies of water bear investigating as well as organizations closely associated with aquatic
mammals john lilly's studies are worthless he quit when he was discovered
he was very bitter about it and won't discuss it but we will you can't shut us up certain fields
of new age literature are conduits for open distribution of symbolically coded information
related to the neptune agenda and lonesome cowboy dave's filthy perversions with those self-same
gigantic mammals of the briny deep
i'll see if you notice this fresco
here take a closer look at this fresco it's all chipping off here this is 5 000 years old you can
still make out a great portion of the pigment and see what the actual colors were like it's been very
little fading this character with the pipe in his mouth appears to be sitting on some crude uh
tired device and the man next to him with the huge top of his head expanded out appears to be
hunting for whales this is
this whole scene is hunting whales call me quick quick
call me ishmael
jesus don't call me late for supper
let's go to a message right now and come back and continue as usual this is the american broadcasting
system
she's management he's labor it's love across class lines can it work find out on the next donahue donahue
at four on channel seven and this week on channel seven news at six learn how to strike it rich
channel seven's bob mckenzie introduces you to bay area entrepreneurs who started with little more
than a great idea and turned it into millions rags to riches you bet bob mckenzie has the secrets of
their success this week on channel seven news at six
this is the piddle diddle report a five-hour in-depth report on current issues of substance
welcome back to the piddle diddle report yes so we move to the mid-pacific for another look at the
mysterious howland island here's a little piece of production i put together tomorrow about this
fable and i'm going to tell you a little bit about it because i'm going to tell you a little bit about it
because i'm going to tell you a little bit about it
island it's well let's be frank it's sort of an impressionistic little piece a few of my personal
perceptions objectively thrown together around this island nucleus of man's need to wonder
oh my man
he can really feel me guaranteed to thrill me
he can hypnotize me really mesmerize me i mean it satisfies me
oh that drives me out of my mind
yes out of my mind
my name is friday
friday i'm pleased to meet you
my name is friday
my name is friday
there was no sign of human habitation no sound of human voice
no reason to believe that the island contained any living person
there was only one person who could actually create this world
really everyone action
i was a guano prospector riding the seas from one little island to the next all over the pacific
yeah scraping guano off rocks and hauling it back to new jersey where they used invited a ton of milk
of magnesia we'd stop at every little rock that showed itself above the surface
you gotta think like a seagull when you're out on the guano ride
What the hell are they doing out there?
Well, we stopped at Howlin' many, many times.
There was nothing on it.
Nothing at all.
All this blab about Friday and his complex nonsense.
Howlin' Island's just a rock.
Used to be an airstrip on it for a while.
In a small shack made out of sheet metal.
Nobody ever there, though.
No sign of anyone.
Believe me, I was there two dozen times.
There's no truth to that Friday business.
Amelia Earhart was on the Pacific leg of an historic round-the-world flight.
She disappeared over the ocean.
The date was July 2nd, 1937.
Since then, her fate has remained a mystery.
Previously, historians believed Earhart became lost near Howlin' Island,
doubled back, and landed on a Japanese helipad.
In the first place, she was in a small town called Howlin' Island,
where some islanders claim she was held prisoner and later died.
But if the new evidence is correct, this would have been impossible.
The coordinates for Howlin' Island, the tiny sandbar Earhart was aiming for when she disappeared,
don't agree with current charts for the island.
The sad thing is they thought they were there.
Amelia called and said she was circling.
Must be on you but cannot see island.
He thought she was there.
They had that new vehicle.






A very powerful high-frequency direction finder on Howlin'.
You can't pick it up without the training antennas.
But they can pick her up and then relay her position via the Itasca.
K-H-A-Q-Q. Earhart. Overcast.
You'll listen.
Hey, see Elliot Friday. See Elliot Friday.
You got the weatherman here. Come on.
In Earhart's life, the world has changed.

The world hasn't changed.
Doctor будет gl latency in the future.
Someaces out of town, the곤
Which I work in a hiv thrift store I know stay most near home.
Pfest smallest of all, I live in generalsih why, my home, else live to be on out Text
officer.
Howon home!, is here, tell me how, you know, how long Brian's gone.
IP-800.
What do you think was that, everybody in here?

I don't know.



She's not getting a thing.
She has an ADF.
She can still not get on the homing signal.
She's close enough.
She's circling.
We are on 5.
1, 5, 7 degrees.
And 3, 3, 7 degrees.
We'll repeat this message on 6, 2, 1, 0.
Wait.
Listening.
On 6, 2, 1, 0.
We are running north and south.
North and south of what?
Stay on 3, 1, 0, 5.
Long enough for me to take bearing.
Pine 6, 2, 1, 0.
Monitor.
I hear you on 3, 1, 0, 5.
Earhart.
Remember Amelia Earhart's last message?
We're on line 1, 5, 7, 3, 3, 7.
Running north and south.
There's really nothing new.
If she were flying from land to island,
then she could have spotted this land,
no matter what anybody's checked out so far.
She's on a line south.
1, 5, 7 degrees by compass from Howland Island.
She could have seen.
Negative land signal from there.
I can't.
In the presence of a 50-year-old mystery.
Amelia, come in.
3, 1, 0, 5.
Landed in the lagoon and found a European observer
and some natives gathering gull guano.
Break 1-9.
This is the information feedback.
They were calling Hull Island.
Wingville Reef is probably where she landed.
That's 170 miles southeast of Howland Island.
The reef sticks up about 6 feet out of the water at low tide.
Amelia.
Pogo Pogo.
See, the Earhart plane had been equipped with a fixed-loop antenna,
early-model radio compass,
which required her to turn the entire plane
in order to get a fix on any radio transmission,
like the one they showed.
Just exposed that Amelia Earhart had just passed south of Howland Island
and had then established a fix on negative land view 2 album
floating in some trash just south of it.
Just south of Howland Island.
They have reason to believe that that is where
Amelia Earhart may have tried to make an emergency landing.
They've done two or three expeditions,
to the island.
The latest one, they came back with a large piece of metal,
they say, as part of the belly of Amelia Earhart's airplane.
They've also found some personal artifacts on the island
that they believe connect to her.
One was a size 7 shoe, believed to be Earhart's.
So the mystery of Amelia Earhart's disappearance goes on,
and another mystery comes up.
Howland where it is, or Howland where they thought it was?
It's an atoll, a coral reef that literally goes underground.

Yeah, I have done Howland construction.
Let's see, started in 48, worked out there for about a year and a half straight.
I've done ships, good pay.
Is today Friday?
No, I never saw Old Man Friday personally.
We got tape messages over the phone.

The loudspeakers fail irregular.
They put him on, and they'd be talking about their projects,
and how far we've gone, and underwater construction.
They never explained what all we were building out there,
not altogether, said it was an industrial secret.
Never gave us the name of the island either.
I figured it was Howland, though, later on,
after putting him on there.


people started talking about. I spent most of my time in a diving suit underwater. I was constructing a bunch of huge tanks and pumping systems there. These were being attached to the island beneath the water line. But I don't believe myself that these were any kind of a balance system to raise or lower the island.
That's ridiculous. That's not possible. They say it's an artificial island. Well, it looks real to me. It's volcanic. It grows right out of the ocean floor. That's where I worked.
As we reach the rocky shore, the island gently bobs up and down just slightly with the waves. Now this is not something that islands usually do.
And in fact, this isn't an island at all.
This island weighs 700 tons. It has 120 tons of rock around the shoreline. It has 100 tons of white sand from Carmel on the beach.
We make our own electricity here. And we have our own treatment plant for sewage. We're all self-contained.
A floating tropical island. For 10 years he labored over it. Only he knows why. But it is impressive.
From the rocky shoreline to the live trees that rustle loudly in the brisk wind.
Oh dear friends.
Negative Land has taken us on a mysterious little journey there to Howland Island.
This has been a very maritime sort of show. Continued from last week's Hour of Slack show.
Yes, I don't know what it has to do with Baha'b except the movement of the island up and down.
But we're going to go even further south, friends.
Far south. To hear about life on the frozen ocean. Life on the ice.
And this...
The other day my kid came in and said,
There's these creatures that... they're these little hairless rat-like things that bore their way through the ice because their heads are burning hot.
And they tear penguins apart. And I was going, what?
He goes, it's in Discover Magazine.
I said, what?
And he goes, let me show it to you. I didn't think you'd believe me.
So, he whips it out.
And sure enough, here it is. Discover Magazine. April issue.
This story...
I mean, this... you're not going to want to believe this, dear friends.
It's horrifying. It's going to eat at your mind. It certainly did me.
April Pazot was about to call it a day when she noticed...
noticed that the penguins she was observing seemed strangely agitated.
Pazot, a wildlife biologist, was in Antarctica studying penguins at a remote, poorly explored area along the coast of the Ross Sea.
I was getting ready to release a penguin I had tagged when I heard a lot of squawking, says Pazot.
When I looked up, the whole flock had sort of stampeded.
They were waddling away faster than I'd ever seen them move.
Pazot waded through the panicked birds to find out what was wrong.
She found one penguin that hadn't fled.
It was sinking into the ice as if into quicksand, she says.
Somehow the ice beneath the bird had melted. The penguin was waist-deep in slush.
Pazot tried to help the struggling penguin. She grabbed its wings and pulled.
With a heave, she freed the bird.
But the penguin wasn't the only thing she hauled from the slush.
About a dozen small, hairless, pink, mole-like creatures had clamped their jaws onto the penguin's lower body.
Pazot managed to capture one of the creatures.
The others quickly released their grip and vanished into the slush.
Over the next few months, Pazot caught several of the animals and watched others in the wild.
She calls the strange new species, hot-headed naked ice borers.
They're repulsive, says Pazot.
And friends, according to this picture they've reprinted here, they are indeed among the most repulsive-looking creatures I've ever seen.
Like a hairless possum embryo, but with saber-tooth tiger fangs and a glowing skull plate.
Now get this. Adults are about six inches long, weigh a few ounces, have a very high metabolic rate,
their body temperature is 110 degrees,
and live in labyrinthine tunnels carved in the ice.
Perhaps their most fascinating feature is a bony plate on their forehead.
Innumerable blood vessels line the skin covering the plate.
The animals radiate a tremendous amount of body heat through their hot plates,
which they use to melt their tunnels in the ice to hunt their favorite prey, penguins.
A pack of ice borers will cluster under a penguin
and melt the ice and snow it's standing on.
When the hapless bird sinks into the slush, the ice borers attack,
dispatching it with bites of their sharp incisors.
They then carve it up and carry its flesh back to their burrows,
leaving behind only webbed feet, a beak, and some feathers.
They travel through the ice at surprisingly high speeds, says Pazot,
much faster than a penguin can waddle.
Pazot's discovery may also solve a long-standing,
Antarctic mystery.
What happened to the heroic polar explorer Philippe Poisson,
who disappeared in Antarctica without a trace in 1837?
I wouldn't rule out the possibility that a big pack of ice borers got him, says Pazot.
I've seen what these things do to emperor penguins.
It isn't pretty, and emperors can be as much as four feet tall.
Poisson was about five foot six.
To the ice borers,
he would have looked like a big penguin.
Oh, my friends.
Oh, my friends.
The horror of a world created by a god that would allow evolution to take such a turn
that these creatures would zip under the ice with their burning hot heads
and snatch a poor explorer or penguin,
uh, sinking into the...
Imagine! What a way to go!
Sinking into the slush,
uh, in the middle of the night,
not knowing what was tearing you limb from...
or tiny pieces of your body off.
Uh...
I can't wait to see the...
the Discovery Channel footage of the mating frenzy of the ice borers
and the bloody horror of them tearing a penguin apart.
Friends, but before we go any further,
I have to tell you that...
this is the April issue of Discover Magazine,
and the first words in the paragraph, uh,
in this news article were,
April Poisson.
And we have to wonder whether Italian is the language in which Poisson means fool.
But, uh,
it did that to us for a little while.
But, friends, I believe in the naked, hot-headed ice borer.
I believe in that creature!
I know that... that somewhere, they live.
Even if they haven't been discovered yet.
Friend, like the prairie squid,
and the...
face-raping bat.
Nature's wonders shall...
e'er be hidden from us.
And the Loch Ness Monster,
and our cousins, the full-blood yetis of the forest.
We know, dear friends, that they,
the snipe bird, and the Gaius Gudis,
were all created by Bob
to puzzle the pinks
and to help the subjects.
And the genius to believe.
Ah, yes.
This music in the background is, uh,
Reverend Arnold Mathis.
Dear friends...
Well, I'm afraid what we're gonna have to do now is go back in time
to WCSB in Cleveland,
where Lonesome Cowboy Dave, Chaz, and, uh,
Einstein's Secret Orchestra
continued on into the night,
trying to figure out the horrible, horrible secret!
Hello, Mom! I'm the one who's been looking for you all night!
Don't be afraid.
Don't be afraid.
Here's your red envelope.
Time for the Swedish whale tortillas.
Happy money for you, happy new year,
and good luck.
Oh, thank you, thank you.
These Swedish aborigines
were very, very tiny people.
They were able to use whale lard
for many, many, many household appliances
that we take for granted.
And of course the cone dance,
every fifth of Bob McMindle,
also had to do with the accumulation of clamshells in the neighborhood.
An excavation has shown that many of these clamshells
are actually capable of picking up radio signals.
The ancient Swedish sea-going tribes
were masters of harpooning and feedback.
Devil worshippers,
they were known as berserkers
to the neighboring tribes,
such as the Finns,
uh, the early Picts,
and the early Scots.
These, uh, Swedish savages
swept over the North Country,
uh, uh, spreading, wreaking havoc,
and spreading fertilizer.
And meatballs.
And meatballs, yes.
Swedish whale meatballs.
Oh, and warm milk, too.
We can't go a day without lots of warm milk.
They would milk the great serpents
of the northern waters.
And they would actually milk, milk,
the snake milk out of a man's body
after he digged a sea-mad.
And they would fix it with the spider eggs.
And then they would foretell the future
from that which erupted back up out of the stomack
of the, uh, the victim.
Or the, uh, Bobby or the Colt,
or whatever, you know.
It's been the same old story
down through the years.
It's snake oil, uh, totem poles, and...
Body branding.
And, uh, cargo coals.
And, uh, transportation.
And, uh, quick
And, uh, and, uh,
they've beenalt basically
prettyíve been dissolute,
ADPH like theyíre been in the
ünás, uh, ninth century,

that grassy knoll.
There's dozens of them
hanging out that six-story window.
There's 50 guys
flashing umbrellas up and down
to signal the gunmen
up in the records building.
And Elvis is dead.
So what is there left, friends?
Rock, rock, rock.
There's lots of sports enthusiasm.
There's love for our nation.
There's the love for a woman, damn you.
Can't you understand what a man is?
A man's not a highfalutin character
searching the stars for answers
one way or another.
A man's got to have his feet on the ground.
A man's got to be a man.
Plant those feet firmly, Reverend,
and you'll never stray far.
Forget this fine religion.
A man's got to do what an amoeba must.
I got my feet in the clouds
and my head on the pavement.
She danced with me.
She danced with me.
And I killed her for looking
at her.
Another woman.
Tonight, I'll whack you back at your feet.
The production was produced
by Space Week
on the third planet.
We are the
Jacques-Eve
and the cast
is directed by
Andrew MacGill.
This is sort of like a
what's wrong with that picture kind of scene.
Everything is very antique looking
and beautiful, and yet that chandelier
is swaying vehemently back and forth.
That shows we're floating.
Lots of people don't believe we're a floating island,
so I had to put that there.
That's what's so great about a floating island.
You can move it around.
If you don't like the climate,
you don't like your neighbors,
you don't like the politics,
you can move it.
Do you know how much it cost you altogether,
or do you shudder to even think?
It's very peaceful on the island.
He relaxes now,
gazing out through the curved glass
that wraps around his 17th floor office
in the Found Sound Foundation's Howland Tower.
He watches the remnants of dense, white, and black,
the white fog from Friday's smoke screen machines
drift away from the island and out across the Pacific.
There must have been a passing ship or plane detected.
He could see Friday's vintage U2
parked outside its hanger on the runway below.
They must be getting it ready for the trip to LA
to pick up Mr. Ginn.
A nice touch, he thought.
The dive alarm signals the end of another business day.
He leans back on his cushy brand cushion,
loosens his power brand tie,
and lazily gazes out the curved panorama brand window
at the usual blood-red sunset.
He casually notices that he is no longer
slightly apprehensive when the water level
of the Pacific Ocean slowly rises outside
to swirl away his 17th floor view in bubbling confusion.
Soon, he would be asleep in the deep.
They are things that are undertaken
because someone is moved by curiosity,
the love of excellence, a point of honor,
the compulsion to invent or to understand.
In such persons, mankind overcomes the inertia
which would keep it earthbound forever in its habitual ways.
They have in them the free, wild, and useless energy
with which alone man surpasses himself.
All the heroes, the saints and the seers, the explorers,


and the creators partake of it.
They do the useless, brave, noble, the divinely foolish,
and the very wisest things that are done by men.
And what they may prove to themselves and to others
is that man is no mere creature of his habits,
no mere cog in the collective machine,
but that in the dust of which he is made,
there is also fire.
Lighted now and then by great winds from the sky.
.

Break 13.
.
Cut.
Break one more time for C. Eliot Friday.
Are you out there? You've got the weatherman.
.
.
.
.

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
As the story goes, in 1948, famous film actor Cary Grant and his wife were visiting Howland Island as guests of Mr. Friday.
Mr. Grant had his car, a 1944 Mercedes limousine, shipped to the island so that he and his wife could spend their holiday on the road.
On the Howland Road.
Well, a strange event happened one night while Mr. Grant and his wife were out on a drive.
Dramatically enough, this event is verified because the day before, Mr. Friday had given Mr. Grant a new product from Fridatronics to test.
It was the latest in battery-operated portable tape recorders.
And Mr. Grant, thank God, had the wits to switch this recorder on during the strange and frightening occurrence that took place that night.
Now, we present that tape in its entirety.
From the Cary Grant estate archives, the long-suppressed true recording of Mr. and his wife.
And Mrs. Cary Grant's actual encounter with the ghost of Amelia Earhart on Howland Island.
Or was it?
She's trying to get in the car!
Look at her face! And her hair!
Go away!
Let me in! I'm not crazy!
The crazy woman is after me!
Don't let her in!
Let me in!
I'm not going to scare her.
Go away! Go away!
We've got a gun! We'll shoot!
It worked. She's staring at us.
I'm warning you!
I'll shoot!
She's coming back!
Please! Don't leave me out here! Please!
Please!
Take your pipe. Hold it like a gun. It'll look like a gun.
Where is it?
It was in the glove compartment.
Here. Here it is.
Look!
I've got a gun!
I'm going to shoot!
She's backing away.
Keep going! Before I start shooting!
She's gone. She disappeared.
We can't get out now. All we can do is sit here all night and wait for help.
Can you see her? Where did she go?
I don't know. She's out there, though. Probably planning on how to get in this car.
What are we going to do? She's the one I know.
Her face is all twisted and her hair hanging down.
She'll kill us. She'll kill us.
Dorothy, stop it.
She'll kill us.
She'll kill us.






No!

These incubators handle a thousand babies in five minutes.
Nobody knows about this.
Nobody knows about this party.
Some of them have green fingernails.
Who is the super dad of all these fattened babies?
All these expanding children with green fingernails?
One father of billions and billions of mutated, bald sperm?
The subgenius sperm bank.
The wild, bloody gene perhaps found, perhaps never will be found.
Are you thin enough to make a deposit at the subgenius sperm bank?
Will you?
Will you bear the genes that will make you worthy to father the 12,000 children of B-B-B-Bob?
We need them genes, friends.
We haven't received enough genes.
So send those private genetic codes out from your loins, pack them into an envelope,
and send them to Bob at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Because a good pair of genes is hard to find.
We need more than a pair of genes, friends.
We need a string of several million heretofore unknown genes.
That's what it's going to take to get this world out of the mess.
This hell in a handbasket that it's found itself in.
This runaway train heading off the edge of a cliff.
This useless sitcom we call life.
Did you know that we are nothing but shows to the exes?
Yes, our human lives, our lives as bipeds, as so-called intelligent mammals.
Our lives on this planet are merely the so-called radio or television shows of ultra-dimensional creatures.
They watch us as if we were their own little TV shows.
Some of us are comedies.
Some of us are murder mysteries.
Your father is in terrible horror shows.
I don't want you to feel guilty about this.
The exes watch each other's shows.
It's no fair.
Yes, you are the show of an exes.
And he is manipulating your life to make it more entertaining for his friends.
Sometimes I just can't stop crying, man.
It's like a revolving door, man.
I'm going in and out.
What seems like your daily life is actually scripted.
Come on, bud.
Moment by moment, every single thought you think, every word you say is recorded on special etheric tape created by these master aliens.
You'd better hope your life has pretty good ratings because if it doesn't, they'll just cancel that show.
Yes, you're just part of the show and there's advertisers who have to be satisfied.

You better hope your laugh track is up to snuff.
You know what I mean?
Better hope your background music is appropriate.
Better hope your special effects are about halfway realistic, pal.
You don't want to get canceled.
Sure, some people luck out.
They have sitcom live.
Then there's the others who have the best.

Lives of high drama, tragedy and irony.
Tough luck, ain't it?
Some shows have short runs.
Some are big hits.
And the Akashic Plain is like a liquid force field containing all of the memories, good and bad, all of the emotions of all of the inhabitants of this united place.
And if them men from Planet X don't like it, they'll just wipe it all out.
All of mankind's struggles, all the achievements of the long history of our two-legged race.
All for naught.
All for nothing.
Just because, what?
Why?
Because the aliens got bored.
They're down there before us.
Get rid of all that mess of trees over there.
Put a big little dog.
Put it under there and put up some little big cows.
And you know, sometimes they get bored not because it's not a good show, but because it's just over their heads.
You work so hard from cradle to grave trying to entertain those alien manipulator masters.
I think I'm going to go out and blow my foot off.
And in the end, they didn't think your jokes were all that funny.
They didn't think your cliffhangers were all that suspenseful.
You can't divorce me, no.
You can't divorce me, no.
Cancel it.
I'm going to be...
Cancel that show.
Yep.
Then you're nothing but a rerun.
Of course that's not so bad.
You're just a ghost doomed to live your life over and over and over again for those last few aliens that thought your show was slightly interesting.
Yep.
This is the Piddle Diddle Report.
A five-hour in-depth report on current issues of substance.
They're either on the island or off.
Welcome back. I'm Doug Piddle.
Do they know what's going to happen to the island?
Do they know we're going to blow it higher than a kite?
Right now, before anything else happens...
We're going right to our first stringer in L.A., Mr. Bud Good.
And he's had a confidential conversation with someone very close to Mr. Friday.
Let's go to that tape.
This man's name is Sergio Caracas, and he's a former employee of C. Eliot Friday.
We interviewed Mr. Caracas at his bungalow in L.A.
Okay, now you've worked on Howland with Friday.
Could you tell me what you were doing there, what it was like?
Let's see, that was in 1940.
I thought he was about 60 then.
I had just completed my graduate studies at Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania Polypyrotechnic Institute.
And he was just finishing his last epic film in Hollywood, Frankenstein Meets Cyclops.
Somehow he...
Oh, oh, look, look, this is the good part.
Well, somehow he got word of my work with underwater alcohols.
And he invited me out to Hollywood to devise some convincing special effects for the film.
Well, that worked out fine.
I put together some subsurface arc generators in the sound system.
And I put together a little bit of a story about how I met him.
I was in the United States tank, and when the alien pod landed in the ocean, all hell boiled forth.
Unfortunately, that film, Friday's last film, was lost.
Or perhaps destroyed.
Anyway, he was just testing me.
He was already developing equipment for the actual Project Cyclops at that time.
And he invited me to assist him on Howlin' Island.
Well, I never worked on that project.
As soon as I reached the island, he hatched a rather fantastic plan to shear the island off from the ocean.
I was in the middle of the ocean floor with huge underwater rock-cutting arc guns.
Well, I spent about a year on the island putting together these arc guns.
Oh, well.
And also the submarine carriages to hold them.
And eventually, I guess he did it.
But I had to leave when the war started.
What was the island like?
Oh, it was a lovely but very lonely place.
About 26 miles around its circumference.
Yes.
All laid out like a chessboard, except for the door over the laboratories and the living quarters.
There were oil wells here and there, and a road wound around the island.
I often took a drive on it to relax.
Incidentally, I was given a Mercedes limousine, which I was told,
belonged to Mr. Cary Grant, the movie actor.
Yes.
Well, he apparently left the cow on the island after an unpleasant experience of some sort.
No one would say what happened exactly.
This is the American Broadcasting System.
Have you ever had one of those days when you just wanted to pull the covers over your head and shut the world out?
To an agoraphobic, every day is like that.
They suffer from an inability to cope with the outside world.
On Channel 5's People Are Talking, you'll meet people who suffered from, but overcame, agoraphobia.
They'll reveal what they were afraid of and offer advice on how we can help the growing number of people affected by agoraphobia.
The...
The...
The...
This...

This...

...
...
My arkadaşlar удаются.
And we danced against the height of people have danced since the first man walked the
earth.
There's a somber place.
Oh, da, da, da, da.
I'd love to hear this when I take my getting there.
I can't hear the jail.
I don't know.
Yeah, if you get a little brain cavity, like Dave here, we can just fill it in with a plug
of silver.
Some people like to have a gold plug in their brain.
I think it's kind of tacky myself.
I go for the old Swiss on cork and the way my people have harvested thousands of corks.
I'm like, here's a simple plan.
I place in the information that got deep inside.
And when you use a court to plug those holes in your brain, like that, you can pull it
right out.
Right.
Oh, we're trying to cheer you in it.
Listen to his little brains easing out.
Let's set that part back in.
Oh, it's leaking just a little bit.
Tighten it up.
Yeah.
Let's try it out.
I'm figuring.
Dolbtown.
Hey.
I guess this leads us.
I tend to get heartworms.
Yes, it exists.
Well, they like that.
You give it a little boost.
Tremble your legs.
straight across the forehead and he's always smiling he's just the happiest thing we have
to keep him from putting things in his ears he's got a compulsion he likes to put things like match
sticks and toothpicks deep into his ears but but but he's happier than he ever was before
ever since dave joined in fellowship under bob in the church of the subgenius he's been able to get
rid of those brain cells that he didn't need the useless brain cells the weak ones only the strong
survived friend yes dave died after piercing his brain with a coat hanger but he was brought back
to life
you
using a simple toilet paper roll and common household kitchen appliances well the question
on everyone's mind is should trepanation be legal men going at their brains with coat hangers and
bank alleys is this the way we want to uh well if they're going to make if they're going to make
trepanation and uh home brain surgery illegal that is going to mean a return to the rusty coat
hanger the eye socket yeah when i'm you know
when when uh when there it was prohibition of trepanation why back in them days uh people like
dave when they needed to calm down they'd go to one of those croakers in the back alley one of those
those seedy uh uh brain surgeons they they've used old beat up rusty equipment and so forth
and people like dave would end up with brain infections and radio shows now of course we have
to protect our
right rights the right of every person to have the front of their skull sawed open and hinged
so that bits and pieces can be taken out or replaced it's expensive sure we all but don't
we all need a little more memory to preserve those precious moments those precious memories like
how to drive what our names are my first section where we go for work
those precious moments those precious memories like how to write
or how to read
i know i could sure use a little bit more rtiram
i know i could sure use a little bit more rtiram
rammed into the back of my brain well actually i guess that would go somewhere in the middle
it's hard to keep up these days friends every four months you gotta pry your skull open and
it's hard to keep up these days friends every four months you gotta pry your skull open and
just shovel money into it
smuggling those brain cells the cheap knockoff brain cells from taiwan of course they're you
know for the most part they work they work better than intel stuff and they shed like a disease
follicle well you do have to keep the socket clean and i tell you there's where you plug it in
yes there's an old african remedy that can work for you keeping them sockets clean is just a
matter of boiling down the proper roots you can buy in any home improvement store your ace hardware
you can buy it you can buy downstairs in the commissary and buy it from the library
well what we used to do to keep to keep the the brains from leaking out and get rid of the worms
was we'd stew up bananas we'd actually just put bananas in a pot of boiling water and stew them
for about an hour and the banana fumes would draw the worms out you'd lean over it over that pot
that's
steaming pot that smell like bananas and hold your skull plug closed and the worms would exit
through the nostrils they'd smell that banana fumes of banana fumes and they'd come come creeping
out your nose and the angelica that synthesizes the banana you have to have the angelica in there
is that is that what the worms respond to anyway that's how we got him out of dave and look at him
he's playing his
scars are wormless his forehead scars are clean of worms there's nary a maggot writhing in those
creases
it's not a real prosthetic forehead yes dave's new prosthetic forehead available from the church of
the subgenus for only for only 1998. you will barely hear it running and you're gonna be a golfer with
guts to have your head knocked off and spitted to a vortex
a golfer with guts friends launch your head into heaven anytime you want that's right
just eat a few spider eggs man you'll be out there she is the time you'll be in heaven
heaven is the web the web of heaven once you're stuck in there you don't want to get out
you want to be cocooned baby wear your love like heaven wear your love like that silken cocoon
wrapped around you to keep you preserved so that the baby spiders will have something to feed upon
later after they hatch oh yes yes yes dear friends and we've been listening to some uh a wondrous uh
lonesome cowboy dave and chaz from w from wcsb the eso radio show and uh let me give you an address
for that that's if you want to write for uh information eso that's p.o box one four seven
seven six they they're so you takes man box one four seven seven six a cleveland ohio
four four one one
and of course we've also been listening to the uh time zones exchange project by negative land
uh in and out there the howland island project negative land is available
uh well it's distributed by more damn you can find these tapes or you can
write to 1920 monument boulevard that's 1920 monument boulevard uh concord california
and nine four five two oh nine four five two oh for negative land and uh for the church of the
subgenius course friends good old bob is always at post office box one four oh three oh six dallas
texas seven five two one four you heard me right that first time one four oh three oh six a dallas
texas seven five two one four and uh here and that explosive world of fastest light technology
of us is going to penetrate that tin-plated machine with a new experience the ultimate adventure
i understand that peter diddle is once again on the phone from howland island so let's see if we can
pick him up now here this is doug at abs oh yeah i'm calling you from the uh first
today phone i reached you out about a half an hour ago i think doesn't sound familiar to me peter
a little bit frightening especially after
the first coming game at conservation savior Slide
and you can ship out
We had some reports here that there was some scientific testing going on, highly secret.
Can the island really go underwater? Really?
Trans infiltration, that's the word we have. He's working on a trans infiltration device.
Now, is this true or not?
Uh, some of the aspects of the word we're engaging in does overlap on some of what's popularly called trans infiltration.
I see. And how far along is this project? Is he ready to actually infiltrate?
Well, our hands are somewhat forward.
We don't have a video feed!
What's wrong with Peter?
The dome is opening up! The dome is opening up!
Run in, Peter! Run in! Now's your chance! Run in!
I have to... my beeper is beeping something. Thank you for your...
Oh, look at that! My God, that's incredible!
Peter, what's happening?
They have me by the arms and they are pushing me inside!
Peter! Peter!
...by a black hole...
But now a new world was opened to him.
...a minute ago.
No problem, Peter.
And the door closes behind him. Safe.
I just talked to Peter Diddle off the air. He's on the island, of course, and he is inside the T'Cel tomb. Is that what it is?
I don't know. The console is all scrambled here.
Come on, read out, read out!
Well, it's not complete.
...
