This is really amazing.
Let's get ready for the final, we hope not really the final, adventure as we put our hands on the screen and our testicles down on the mouse pad.
We want to make sure no rodents are biting down there and we begin now.
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
As most of you can probably deduce from your surroundings, this last July 5th wasn't July 5th, 1998.
So, 1998.
It hasn't happened yet.
And instead of having the alien AI called Muom do it all for us, we have to edit these hours of recordings from 19X Day ourselves.
Luckily, the night before we left Cleveland for the drill, we guested on Dr. Sinister's show Radio Synesthesia at WCSB for two hours, of which this is the first.
Participants include Dr. Howell, yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Princess We Are Doe, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, and several of Dr. Sinister's frequent callers.
Thank you.
Teary Eyes

been,
bai,
rak
Soon as its open,

fully grabbed,
loaded,
,
Mind you, atoms under
Mind you, destroy everything you touch
Today, destroy me
This way, everything you touch
You don't feel, do not know
What you steal
Shake your hand, take your gun
Watch you out of the sun
Watch you touch
You don't feel, do not know
What you steal
Destroy everything you touch
Today, please destroy me
This way
Destroy everything you touch
Today, destroy me
This way, anything that may delay you
Might just save you
You only have to know
Behind you, atoms under
Mind you, destroy everything you touch
Today, destroy me
This way, everything you touch
You don't feel, do not know
What you steal
Shake your hand, take your gun
Watch you out of the sun
Watch you touch
You don't feel, do not know
What you steal
Destroy everything you touch
Today, please destroy me
This way
Everything you touch
You don't feel
Do not know
Destroy everything you touch
Today, please destroy me
This way, através to the past








Touch, you don't feel, do not know, what you steal.
Shake your cup, take your cup, wash you out of the sun.
Watch you touch, you don't feel, do not know, what you steal.
Destroy everything you touch today.
Please join me this way.
I figured it was appropriate to play a song by a British band called Destroy Everything You Touch in honor of the Brexit.
Stay tuned.
We've got it.
A couple more songs on the way and we're going to start the talk show early tonight because we have some very special guests in the studio.
And that was the wrong track.
How do I do this to myself?
Right album.
For those of you who are metalheads, you immediately know what album I'm playing off of.
All right.
Let's try this track instead.
All right.
Let's do it.
All right.
Let's go.
Come back the world until they fall in love comes flowing through.
Children now tomorrow.
schnell prokofiev työces.
You see that of all today.
You see that of all today.
Will the sunrise of tomorrow bring in peace in any way?
Must the world live in the shadow of atomic fear?
Can they win the fight for peace or will they disappear?
Yeah!
guitar solo
guitar solo
So you children of the world
listen to what I say
If you want a better place to live
it's better what you need
Know the world and love is still alive
You must be brave
For you children of today
are children of the grave
Yeah!
guitar solo
guitar solo
yachting


children of the grave
piano solo
guitar solo
piano solo
I can hear.
Can I be heard here?
My goodness, that microphone appears to be working.
Well, you see, it was always ready to go.
It had a potential for working, which has now been freed.
But the last time we tried it, it didn't work.
That was when they were not ready to hear our message.
Ah.
Yes, the microphone has finally fulfilled its potential.
Yes, we got it straightened out.
Actually, I'm going to say something here real quick.
This is Synesthesia on WCSB Cleveland.
Very special edition here, the annual X-Day preview.
And portions, if not all, of the following broadcast will be objectionable to some members of the audience.
And views or opinions expressed on this program are not necessarily those of WCSB or Cleveland State University
or anybody with their head screwed on straight.
Listener discretion is advised and all that.
But I just remembered this track in the background right now is off an album called Witching Hour by Ladytron,
which is one of my favorite albums of all time.
And I remember when we got the promo copy of it, it had this sticker on it that says,
they have...
Finally fulfilled their potential.
And I thought that was like the worst thing you could possibly write on a sticker on a promo copy of a CD.
Like, what, does that mean their previous album sucked?
And does that mean they're not going to get any better than this?
Like, I don't know.
That's just not very good promo language.
But anyway, this microphone over here, which is occupied by Dr. Howell.
Beep.
Howell or Hal.
I don't know.
I can...
You can go either way, right?
Whatever you're comfortable with, that's just fine with me.
That microphone.
That microphone has finally fulfilled its potential.
We also have Princess We Are Doe and the Reverend Ivan Stang here in the studio.
Right over there.
And it looks like we have Lonesome Cowboy Dave here on the line.
Hello, you are on the air.
I am on the air.
You are on the air, sir.
I am glad to be on the air, sir.
This is where you belong.
All together again.
He's on, in, and through.
Well, you and I did.
He's dancing on air.
I feel so flashy and fleshy now.
I feel like a hippopotamus came and just overtook my feelings.
Easy, son.
Easy.
Well, uh...
Um, you know, this is just a temporary feeling.
We've got to be more or less clear-headed for what's coming down the track.
It may be a temporary feeling now, but you can make it permanent
when you have the proper Havafrop Zipulops in your system.
That stuff's hard to get.
One dose is a permanent transformation.
Why is it?
In my yard that I had to go and get,
and that's what took me so long calling some back.
I had a little...
Betting holy men hang out in your yard?
They actually call it an invasive species here in Ohio,
and what are you talking about?
It's hard to get.
It's like what kudzu is in the South.
We can't get rid of it.
But this is the metaphorical usage,
since, as any true subgenius knows,
Havafrop Zipulops is not marijuana,
except by metaphorical extension.
So we use it for...
Here.
That, you know, just idle chatter,
but actual Havafrop Zipulops is a very rare herb
which only grows on the droppings of certain Tibetan holy men,
like the Marifasa Luminasa, or werewolf plant,
which was collected by Dr. Yogami
and brought to England in the 1920s.
And that's what I thought that...
Yeah, I thought all the werewolves were dressed like that.
At least...
Three or four of them.
Well, in the 50s, they used to be dressed differently,
but they tend to rip and surge through your clothes.
Their clothes.
Well, and yours, too.
But that's...
Inspiration for mostly raiders.
I think they were, a lot of them.
The neopanicoids.
Well, what about the mysterious phantom werewolf battalions
after World War II,
where it was thought that in the Alpine Redoubt,
fanatical Nazi werewolf groups were going to cause trouble
to the Allied forces?
It turned out that that was only an idle rumor, or was it?
I heard that the Nazi zombies interfered with the Nazi werewolves.
Yes, yes.
The Third Reich was less coordinated than people give it credit for.
Various departments actually competed against each other,
thus weakening the war effort.
According to Colonel...
Hauptmann von Kirsteiner.
So there was inter-ministry friction going on,
and that's what caused the slowness of the retardation
of returning back to solving the problem.
Yeah, but they all got to wear snappy uniforms.
And as I think puzzling evidence pointed out,
the side that has the coolest uniforms always loses in wars.
Did you ever hear him say that?
Yeah, I have.
No, but it does add up, I suppose.
Yes, when you consider the various conflicts we can keep in mind.
The ones with the fanciest weapons win, usually.
Or the fanciest brains.
I think it's why we lose now.
We dress like Nazis now,
and we're more aggressive and foreboding and evil and so forth and everything,
but we look too cool to actually win.
Who dresses like Nazis?
And I guess even the beginning of the Korean War,
the American soldiers...
Yeah, Joe looked kind of like just a guy off the street with a funny helmet on.
USA out of America, now!
Now.
Now.
Well, it turned out those helmets were more efficient
than the old half-watermelon types that dog faces used to wear.
A little neck protection might increase some protection
to the grunt in the field by some slight margin.
Well, the Star Trek...
Troopers, they have pretty fancy uniforms, and they didn't lose.
Yeah, look where it got them.
Yeah, they ultimately lose.
Those Empire guys do pretty good.
Well, there are a lot of them.
More where they came from.
Cannon fodder from many planets,
from podunk planets of the stakes of the galaxy,
poured into these conflicts.
And the...
Cannon men's square syndrome,
where you go out and...
You go out in the sticks and you tell everybody
that Lucifer has attacked the Virgin Mary,
and then you reproduce as many as you can
before the last cycle is through.
But it's not like you're washing your clothes or anything,
like you're actually being brainwashed, kind of.
Yes, first the brains and then the clothes.
In the case of the Tiananmen Square street party,
the country soldiers who were brought in to...
Because the city soldiers wouldn't shoot at the students,
or they'd talk about it if they...
They did.
They brought in soldiers from the country
and then shot them up with meth
and said,
go in there and kill them protesting leftists,
or whatever they call them there, you know.
And then the National Guard went to the university
and shot those students.
Can you believe that would happen?
What a horrible country where a thing like that could happen,
where just people, just students protesting,
and they get shot.
Yeah, National Guard shooting students.
I'm glad that can never happen here.
That's crazy.
I'd leave a country like that.
We're going to make this country grape again.
Yes.
And some cherry, too, and apples.
Worst flavor ever.
Grape is the bottom of the barrel for popsicle flavor.
Make America grape again.
Yeah, terrible.
Everyone agrees it's the worst tasting popsicle flavor there is.
I don't agree with that.
I agree.
I like grape popsicles.
You do?
Yes.
And I like grape juice.
Well, that means there's all the...
the banana and root beer left over for me, then.
That's right.
We'll make America bananas again.
I think durian would probably be the worst popsicle flavor.
Yes, it would certainly last.
Durian.
Durian.
Durian, that would be the worst.
Stinky.
At least in terms of things that are actually based on food.
You know, you could...
You know, with the chemistry we have nowadays,
you can make artificial flavors out of any smell that you can think of.
Yes, and then make them into...
What do they call those?
You can even make a popsicle that tastes...
tastes the way a booger smells.
Yeah, they have booger-smelled candies now and stuff, too.
Yeah, our grandchildren have a game where you...
Yeah.
You pick these little candies, and it might...
The brown one might taste like coconut,
and it might taste like something really, really horrible.
Mm-hmm.
They have pukey-tasting ones and rotten egg-tasting ones.
There were some Harry Potter candies that came out that were vile.
Yes.
And that's part of the game.
Grass flavors.
One that was flavored like earwax.
Yeah, earwax, grass, flavors like that.
They were pretty accurate, too.
Yes.
It's funny that people are eating...
When we were little, they didn't have things like this,
like puke-flavored candy and stuff.
No, we didn't have puke-flavored candy.
It's funny that they would do grasses of flavoring because...
We had to make our own in those days.
I used to know people who would actually drink shots of wheatgrass juice, like...
Yeah, it's like Nebuchadnezzar.
I used to drink wheatgrass juice.
That was the cool...
That was the coolest thing you could do in Los Angeles in the year of 1984.
I could swear when I was getting a cold, if I took that, it made me feel better.
By the time you're feeling the symptoms of a cold, it's too late to do anything about it.
Oh, I know, I know.
It's all psychological.
The first time I heard about wheatgrass juice,
Martin Mothersbaugh of Devo was buying me one at a fancy cafe in Hollywood.
And what was your reaction to tasting it?
Bleh.
Yeah.
Well, you know, it tasted healthy in a strange...
It's so healthy, I might kill myself.
...grassy way.
You know what?
It didn't taste nearly as bad as some other things.
Once upon a time, I tried to eat a psychedelic cactus, but I didn't know how to prepare it properly.
You take the thorns out of it.
Yeah.
So, you know, I ended up like...
I ended up putting the psychedelic cactus into a juicer because I thought maybe I could just chug it all at once.
Blah.
Oh, no.
No.
No.
I immediately started to vomit and like it was...
But with pretty colors.
It was all in one strand, you know, like I was actually pulling this long strand of stuff out of my throat.
Yes.
Once you swallow...
Wow.
Compared to that, the wheatgrass juice was so easy.
And you did see Quetzalcoatl after...
And not to mention the pond scum.
We used to do shots of pond scum back when I was a snake oil salesman.
But those killer amoebas are in there.
But it wasn't just pond scum.
It was certified organic pond scum from a pristine lake in Oregon.
Yes.
Blue-green algae.
Of course, it's organic.
It's not a dirty lake.
It's not a dirty lake.
It's not a dirty lake.
It's not a dirty lake in Ohio.
That simply means the presence of living tissue.
And only the inorganic is clean.
Anything having to do with life produces dirt.
He's right, you know.
That is true.
Dirty things produce life.
That's why dirty bitch, naughty bitch, all that stuff.
Well, let's not go into personal examples.
What?
Well, we're talking about pregnant waitresses right now.
And some of them are over 300 pounds.
And over 400 years old.
I'm glad to know what we're talking about.
I didn't know we were talking about pregnant waitresses.
Yeah, so they are.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Is that your rationale for not giving them the tip that they think they are entitled to?
No, they usually get a tip.
Just the tip.
They just come by your table and smile.
And you get the idea, you know.
Hmm.
Why?
You know the tip letter.
Mm-hmm.
But pregnancy is, just think of the foul biotics.
Wait, Trit.
Please wait, Trit.
Well, fortunately, the developing embryo is insulated.
Oh, my God.






From these odors.
And there's nothing to disturb his olfactory senses.
Oh, if only I could be here again.
In a warm womb.
Drifting in the womb.
It's floating.
Womb with a view.
Listening to my parents fight, but not knowing that was what it was.
Thinking it was some sort of revelation rock and roll game.
I mean...
You know, I kind of wish my parents had fought in front of me, then their divorce wouldn't have blindsided me the way it did.
Just get your ear close to the navel and you can hear all that stuff.
Oh, my.
Yes, I prefer the navel orange, but it comes in all colors.
Pink is...
Now, what was my line?
Orange is the new pink.
Well, orange and black is the new seersucker.
Yes.














Pink and black are...
Are we going to have...
What is seer, anyway?
Like, I mean, like, let's say that you have the power of clairvoyance or something, and, like, is that like getting head?
Well, seer...
Is that what a seer sucker does?
Yeah, a seer is withered and dried out and rustling and crumbling and used up and...
Doesn't mean they don't need to be sucked.
Well...
Or wouldn't like to be.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.





Don't let me keep you back.
I finally found out the name of the hat.
The hat?
The hat.
You see people wearing them in political rallies, and you see them worn by guys in barbershop
quartets.
I always...
Straw hats?
They might be made of straw...
Boaters.
Exactly, yes.
For years and years, I went, what the hell is that hat called?
Anyway, I finally found it out.
Yeah, they're called boaters.
I figured you would know that.
In Washington, D.C., unregistered boaters.
Yeah, there's a lot of ignorant boaters out there.
Yeah, boy, I'd like to...
Low-information boaters, we call them.
They don't know what a paddle is, and they don't know what kind of creek they're in.
Messing around in boats, just paddling and splashing on a lazy summer day.
You can see them at Mirror Pond in Washington, D.C.
Dwelling flies on summer eve.
USA out of America now.
Call a boater.
I'm sorry, it's too dangerous.
We can't let you go out on that lake.
You might injure yourself.
It's a frozen euphemism.
Don't go there.
Don't look in the basement.
Keep telling yourself it's only a movie.
Only a movie.
Don't go into the woods.
Don't look in the attic.
Don't get on the bus.
Don't do anything.
Don't get on the subway.
Just stay home.
Don't go to the grocery store.
Fiddle with your little screen.
Don't go out.
Don't do anything.
Don't do anything but look.
It's easier to have the mediated experience.
I'm not loving everything right now.
And just think, there's a world at your fingertips.
A frozen, disheveled world.
Let your fingers do the walking.
The stomping through miniature cities.
Like cargoes of old, back in the day, I remember.
I remember.

I remember anything.
They spoke of Atlantis, but actually it was an archipelago of many different islands.
The larger one was also called Atlantis, or by its inhabitants, Poseidonis.
Dr. Howell, I have developed a theory.
I don't want to go into it in great detail with you here.
But I have reason to believe that Skull Island,
it was, in fact, the very last,
disappearing remnant of what had once been the continent,
the lost continent of Atlantis.
Hi, Brazil.
I believe...
But how did they get on the other side of Africa?
I believe it was actually off the coast of what is now Namibia.
It was very large.
And it went further south than the southern tip of Africa does.
It was beyond the Pillar of Hercules.
Oh, I get it.
The Pillar of Hercules, according to Plato.
It was named after the Atlantic Ocean.
I get it.
Well, the Atlantic Ocean named after it.
But we know the Atlanteans,
were the center of a seafaring empire.
One of their outposts was the city of Opar,
you know, of the jewels of Opar.
You know, that's where that came from.
And so, it is possible that they actually achieved
the other side of the African continent.
But Skull Island was west of Sumatra.
Right.
And I consider it to be similar to the Malagasy's,
to Madagascar, a large, isolated island,
on which evolution went its own way.
Of course, on the map, there's nothing for thousands of miles,
as Captain Englehorn said.
But, unless you believe the second movie,
that it sunk a year later, it should be found.
Oh, come on, Hal.
It sank.
That's pretty much established.
Oh, really?
Well, Atlantis or Skull Island?
I maintain that the two are, in fact, the same.
Did Edgar Cayce not say?
There are two.
There are all those.
They're beasts of men and men of beasts.
The giant monsters of those ruins.
Yeah, that's Atlantis.
The bearded giraffes and the Slovenians and Croats and the different...
The former capital was on the second island,
which at one time was part of the main island,
but it subsided and eventually sunk,
causing Sea Girt Poseidonis to be the...
Oh, what's this?
Oh, Atlantis journeyed to the center of the Earth,
the time machine.
We've got it all.
And we'll be showing these frightful classics at X Day
at the special Grindr house,
where you can rest your red-rimmed eyeballs
on cinematic visions of away, far and beyond.
Hal, I don't know if this is true of you,
because you're a few years older than me,
but these three movies kind of made me what I am today.
The George Pal Atlantis from the 60s,
his...
The Time Machine.
And he didn't do Journey to the Center of the Earth,
but it came out about the same time.
It came out around the same time as Mysterious Island
and in the whole Jules Verne revival of the 60s,
also when we were celebrating the centennial of the Civil War.
And in my lifetime, as I'm sure as well as in yours,
the last Civil War guy died.
Do you remember that?
Yeah, that was quite a few years ago.
He was a Confederate drummer boy who lied about his age to get in.
And he was the last one to perish in the war of Southron independence.
And so, since the Union Army didn't have anyone,
you could argue that they won,
since their guy was the last to drop down.
Well, what about the one that ended up going to Mars,
mentally, John Carter?
He never came back and is considered a Quisling
and not a part of Earth.
Also, there's some oddness about his early life,
which he, by his own ignorance,
his own relation couldn't even remember.
He couldn't remember his early life.
He said, as far as I know, I've always been about the age that I've been now.
Jules Verne of Opar?
No, Opar was visited by Tarzan
and in recent years covered up by Tarzan to be invisible from the air.
But it was where Tarzan got his bars of gold
that he used to continually rebuild his home
after Arabs would burn it down and things.
Ah, that was back in the day.
Doc Savage had an endless supply of gold,
but it was in South America somewhere,
an ancient, hidden tribe, city, Mayans or Arabs.
Doc Savage? You mean the erstwhile encumberment of TV or radio?
Son of Clark Savage. Doc Savage.
A good savage, not a diaphanous, fine-tinted...
He was a super-scientist and also a physical culturer.
He was a super-scientist in the days of Bernard MacFadden
and the idea of mens sanae in corpore sanoe.
Anticipating Superman, he had a fortress of solitude
in regions of intense cold,
which he'd sit outside in a swimsuit to toughen himself up.
He had a utility belt. That's where Batman got the idea.
Yeah, Batman got the utility belt from Doc Savage.
He was in New York in 1933,
when King Kong fell down.
He was in New York in 1936,
when King Kong fell off the Empire State Building,
because according to one account,
he drove up to examine the corpse,
but made no comment except for a shrill, trilling sound.
Well, they're saying now that that's what counts.
A lot of the recent research on mens sanae in corpore sanoe,
that it does make parts of your brain brain grow,
to do exercise.
Yes, one should exercise all parts of one's person,
because the phrase, use it or lose it,
is among the truest number of syllables that have ever been spoken.
That's what accounts for the bearded giraffe
and the other different species that haven't evolved yet.
Well, remember, no individual can evolve.
Once you're decanted, that's it.
You are developed.
Decanted.
You can only be somatic,
but not passed on to future generations.
We're working on changing that.
Well, yes, because Le Mans should have been the way to go.
On the Isle of Kaspach, of course, it's different,
but everywhere else we have to tow the Darwinian line.
Darwin doesn't apply there in the middle of the Melee.
Kaspach, known as Caprona,
two navigators named after the Italian navigator Caprona,
who followed Cook and first discovered that giant island
below the Antarctic Circle, surrounded by impassable cliffs,
a huge volcanic crater,
which some believe was created by a meteoric impact.
But inside, evolution progresses in a different way.
How beautiful.
And not only all creatures of past eras live there,
but some creatures of the future era live there,
including the very sinister future humans.
Winged, murderous men.
Anyway, it's something that need not concern us,
because some of us have already put claim on Caprona's shores
to take along in the infinitely large spacecraft heading our way.
Do you have dubs on that?
Yes, I put that in some time ago.
Does that make dubs?
Do you actually take a female version, perhaps,
of these large winged humans?
They had no females.
They had no females.
They had to raid the highest developed type of humans,
or Galus, and mate with them.
Like Smurfs.
They had many problems.
The Wirius of Kasbah on the land of U'o.
The city entirely built out of human skulls, their victims.
And the more people you murdered, the higher you got in their priesthood.
But they had some good things.
They were good cooks, and they had written language,
and they were quite advanced.
And I believe they were intended by the author to represent a type of future man.
When this book was written, which was in the 1920s,
the novels of Olaf Stapledon were common.
And in his Last and First Men,
you may recall that Stapledon posited a future generation of winged humans
who would one day evolve.
Well, he postulated every damn type of human you can think of.
That's right.
And the novels are also unusual in not having any characters.
Those things.
That makes it hard to read.
You just read about the vast episodes of the future.
It always helps to have it happening to somebody.
And a girl.
There's no boy meets girl stuff going on in there.
A buddy, Krummerhager, and Susie, your sweetheart.
Yeah, it all happened to them.
And then you get the million seller.
Well, who wrote the one you were talking about?
Edgar Rice Burroughs.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's The Land That Time Forgot trilogy.
I saw the movie, but I didn't read the book.
Oh, you should read the book.
I read the Pellucidor ones.
Those sort of poop out, though.
It's a magnificent concept.
But The Land That Time Forgot trilogy has great unity.
With Doug McClure.
No, you've got to forget that.
Hammer film.
No, it wasn't.
It wasn't Hammer.
It was Amicus.
And it had a fairly good broth in its construction from a Michael Moorcock screenplay.
But then they had almost no budget.
They had heroic efforts to create prehistoric life by Roger Dickon in puppet form.
But there, too, they ultimately fell down on their chest.

There's two names with phallic overtures going on.
There's Moorcock and there's Dick.
Everything that's interesting about the movie came in from its sources.
But everything that they added sort of didn't.
They degraded it.
By the way, the Baron Friedrich von Schoenvortz is not a good guy in the book.
Doesn't sound like one.
But a despicable Prussian villain.
But he's a very...
He says all the prettiest words, though, doesn't he?
The movie had to make him into a good German.
I agree.
He was thoughtful.
I never saw that movie, actually.
And worried about people's problems.
No, in the book he slashes you across the face with his quirt and so forth.
And was previously a fiancée to the...

The lovely woman who was the object of the...
Man, this is America.
Why are you using French words like that, man?
Well, I'm trying to make it easier.
Lise LaRue, the heroine.
It's like a swagger stick that the Bosch struts around with,
maltreating his robotic minions.
I'm the greatest!
I'm the greatest!
And, you know, this, you think, is silly.
But the Kaiser and his brood were like that.
And it could come back again if elitism is allowed to gain its sway.
Well, hey, the Church of Subgenius is the ultimate elitist group.
Yes, but we don't slash people with swagger sticks.
We hand out the swagger sticks and they can do the slashing on their own.
Or just let them slash each other.
Yes, exactly.
And they do.
Which counts for a certain amount of money.
And there's a certain amount of attrition at this year's X-Day.
Many are laid up and recovering from the last slash-a-thon.
And they expect when they're asked for a quirt, they expect you to ask for a squirt.
And some of them are expecting the wrong thing when they get slapped in the face.
It's a quirt in the universe.
That's right.
Now prepare to receive the kiss of the lash.
And the Wiktionary says that it's the third person singular present of Queren.
Well, they sure know their onions.
So I'm not going to...
I'm not going to dispute that.
Er quirt.
Sie quirt.
Es quirt.
And remember...
Second personal plural present of Queren.
An imperative plural of Queren.
And used by Quisp, alien eater of sugary cereal.
Ah.
I don't know...
We'll see Quisp on X-Day.
Yes, and the three spoon men.
Munchy, Crunchy, and Spoonsize.
Because, as William Blake said, everything's a spoon.
Everything which is possible to be believed is an image of truth.
And it will all be unspeakably resolved.
Brought out into the light of day.
Oh yeah, whoever said it wasn't going to be...
If you can dream it, it can be there on X-Day.
We're not providing Namby Pamby silly kitty unicorns, but actual dangerous run-em-through stamp on you with their silver hooves unicorns.
Yep.
You know, no male human could catch one of those things.
They were deadly.
Well, this is what people have been living and dying for for so many years now.
And this is why the Church of the Sub-Genies is so popular.
And why X-Day is so popular.
They know that when they dream of some fierce mythological animal, it's going to really, really be there.
It's not going to be like some plastic dodo bag or like a pooled noodle or something like that.
Well, all the...
There will be a real ferocious monster to contend with.
Unimaginative conceptions will also be realized and also be there.
It'll be quite a crowd on that embarkation dock.
And delusional thinking will also be represented.
People will think of their past and change the things they didn't want that they did wrong.
Well, I think in Darwinian competition in the New World, the good ideas that survive will kill and eat the bad ideas that mill around...
And get indigestion shortly after.
You know, they...
Natural processes will not stop just because the old nature dies away.
Yep, back to farting corpses again.
Well, it's inherent in all matter that they let loose with that final blast.
Well, unless the mortician uses that little plastic plug thing that they were handing out one fine X-Day as gifts.
Yes, the tampion, the plug that they use.
But also you can...
Just the way they can stab a sheep and let out gas, they can also do that to the corpse.
If they are paying attention.
When corpses break wind, it's when they're waiting to be treated by the exponents of mortuary science.
And not after, unless they're dumb and don't know their skill.
You know, for those of you looking for a good career out there, a recession-proof career, mortuary science.
That's one job that's never going to go away.
Yeah, really.
Until no one bothers to embalm them anymore.
People better keep on keeping on.
Sure enough.
You can take people's life-saving...
You don't always have to embalm them completely.
You just have to exsanguinate them, I believe.
Exsanguinate them? That means to remove their blood.
You remove the blood, yes.
But you are supposed to embalm them because all sorts of regs have been put in place.
It varies wildly from state to state.
In some states, it's legal to have sex with a corpse.
If you request cremation, you still have to have the expensive embalming first, thanks to the...
Really?
In many states, as he says, not all, but in many, if you look into it...
Oh, man.
The death industry has really got the laws tied up.
Necrophilia is also an up-and-coming sport in most towns.
Now, the best thing to do is just to get yourself so lost that you can't be retrieved for somebody to make money out of.
If you're airplane-focused...

If you're flying into the side of a mountain, just think of how that will help your loved ones not pay expensive fees from the ghoulish undertaking industry.
If you die on Mount Everest, you become a landmark.
Yes.
Turn left at the dead guy in the red ski suit.
Yeah.
And then you go on until you see the dead guy in the blue ski suit.
I don't know which hiker sickle you're talking about because there are so many of them up here.
Each one more grotesque than the last.
Each one pointing in a different direction, leading the way onto the top to the Viceroy of the vociferous.
Boy, have they messed that place up.
You know, I don't know how to clean it up.
There's walls of frozen human excrement.
Yes.
Hills.
Because what else are you going to do?
And what's worse, global warming is coming.
You're right.
Well, the Arctic is going to be farting.
A lot of mysterious ancient gases and viruses.
Yes, from the mountains of madness.
The old tundra will reemerge.
Siberian tundra is going to blurp out tons and tons of methane to rise into the upper atmosphere as it thaws from its age-old icy permafrost.
You know what this means?
All right.
If we're worried about global warming and there's going to be a massive outbreak of massive farting, okay, if we care about the environment, we all care about the environment.

We all know that methane is a more powerful greenhouse gas than CO2.
That means we have to light our farts on fire.
Right. Big lighters.
We have to.
But how can Mother Earth do that?
Provide about a government.
That's a really big match.
And where do you hold it?
How do you handle the timing?
It happened once before.
If you don't already know, I'm not going to tell you.
At the end of the Paleozoic, creating massive fires which actually changed the content of Earth's atmosphere.
Lucky for us.
That's what already happened in Southern California just recently.
Almost 150 houses were cased in fire.
A flatulent's gone awry.
All these fires should be seen in context of a warming planet.
The hotter we get, the more of these fires we're going to have.
It's a hoax!
At the end of the Paleozoic, the atmosphere had so much oxygen that it made giant, continent-spanning fires an easy proposition.
Most life died.
More than 90% of life died in that one.
Which happens when you just get a little bit too hot.
But there are always some critters that survive.
Plus if you have like a...
And those are our grandparents.
If you have a much higher oxygen concentration in the atmosphere, you end up with much larger insects.
Yes, but when after these fires, the age of giant insects was effectively at an end.
Unable to...
They breathe through their sides.
No more trilobites.
Yes, that was sad.
But the giant Megarachne spiders, Gigantoscorpio, the Megalo cockroaches, the giant dragonflies, the enormous millipedes and centipedes all had to take that long, cold dive into the deep six.
Yep, the long, greasy spoon into the earth.
Good thing that could never happen to humans.
We're such geniuses.
Well, it'll happen to the humans.
And the subgeniuses will remove themselves.
An epiphenomenon of humanity.
A footnote in the human story.
But perhaps the foundation of yet another story.
Really?
As they become the Okies and Sternobums of the galaxy.
Now how can you compare Okies and Sternobums?
They're two mutually exclusive schools of thought.
Well, they're the people who you don't necessarily welcome effusively into their community.
And this is the way the subgeniuses might find themselves.
There doesn't seem anything heroic to alien intelligences about weaseling out on your own planet and its problems.
But when you consider the alternative, make mine weaseling.
That's correct. Well spoken.
Just think of the way, you know, we have to keep all the migrants out with a huge wall.
And you think of the other ones having to have a huge wall.
And we all need to wear a huge wall.
And there's a huge wall in front of my eyes right now.
That wall is to keep us in.
It's not actually to keep anybody out.
It's not to keep the huns out.
It's to keep us in.
Yes, well, that wall, of course.
I'm afraid that I might be deported by Trump.
Why would he want to do that?
Oh yeah, he will be.
Well, I mean, he did a full 180 on the whole abortion question.
You know, he's right there with the most extreme people.
Saying that life begins at conception.
He hates all the illegal immigrants.
I mean, I have...
I think you're an engorged fetus that has to manage to make a birthday or two.
My birthplace may have been here in the United States.
And I have a birth certificate to show it.
Although, Trump doesn't believe anybody's birth certificate.
So, the fact of the matter is I was conceived in Mexico.
I was smuggled into this country illegally in my mother's fallopian tube.
So, that makes me an illegal immigrant.
Well, you'll have a sombrero.
Sombrero issued.
And then you can go lean picturesquely against the cactus.
In the new world to come.
You know, how does that leaning against a cactus work?
I don't know.
That's a demonstration of just how macho you are.
Yeah.
That's what it comes down to.
He is mas macho.
Yes.
And arrested.
Howie.
A few short later, a few short hours afterwards, arrested.
For being in the wrong.
Wrong spot at the wrong time.
Wearing a colorful serape and huaraches while eating tacos and albondigas.
Mangoes and rupture fruit.
Poison pig meat.
Argumentative weasel wipers.
I invented a new kind of taco yesterday.
And that is?
A nacho omelet taco.
I made an omelet that included various vegetables and jalapeno slices.
And what kind of tortilla shell did you use?
A soft corn tortilla, of course.
Oh, okay.
Chinango style.
Soft corn porn.
Sounds delightful.
Yes, it does.
You know, I was not stoned when I came up with the idea.
No.
You know, that's nice that you can share that with an audience that stretches across the vast oceans as far away as we can see.
And everybody in their mind just had a piece of that taco.
They're all heading for the larder now to make an imitation.
Their own version.
The recipe needs work, though.
I've got the scramble.
There's no theremin music.
Scramble?
Can you buy scramble around here?
Don't you have to go to Pennsylvania?
Yeah, you sure can.
I've got some at Dave's Supermarket.
Oh, I get it.
I get it.
You can only buy it on the east side.
Could be.
Because the Midwest begins at the Cuyahoga River, apparently.
So you have a market of your own, Dave?
At the store, I saw that.
I thought you could only get it in Pennsylvania, I thought.
No, no.
No, Pennsylvania.
In east Cleveland, you can get everything good.
All the good stuff.
Pig knuckles.
Booped out pinwheels.
Yeah, yeah.
There's some junk.
Crack.
Well, no.
Pork on conclusions.
Yeah.
Dingleberries.
Gallon-sized jugs of hot sauce.
Mmm.
A shiv in the gut.
But yeah, I really do have two packages of scrapple ready to cook up on whenever we do the pancake party.
I just had black pudding for the first time last week.
That must be pretty good.
That's made of blood, right?
Unfortunately, it's good.
It does include some blood.
Yeah, that's what makes it plain.
So blood is the life.
That's what it is.
You know what?
It all came down to the seasoning.
I don't know.
Some kind of spices they put into it.
Just, I don't know.
Ja, das Blutwurst.
Which kind of Blutwurst was it?
Die Wurst, not das Wurst.
English?
The blackness is of the richness.
I'd have probably the only thing in there.
But yeah, it has various scraps of pork fat and pork blood and oatmeal.
My neighbor is Finnish and he loves blood sausage.
Yes, well you see, man, my children, is made in the image of God.
And God likes blood.
And so we too enjoy consuming it in small quantities in our food.
But as you know, Jehovah demands a blood sacrifice and the more blood the better.
You know how at a seance when you're raising a ghost you put out a bowl of blood and then you see the blood?
Moving down slowly in the bowl as it is consumed by the thirsty spirits?
Well that's just a miniature of what God wants.
Who wants a giant amount of blood.
You know, I mean, seriously, they call God the good shepherd.
Like, I fear not because the Lord is my shepherd.
Well what does a shepherd end up doing to his sheep?
He'll steal the clothes off your back and he'll end up selling you to a butcher.
Right.
Well we call him good just the way the Irish call the little people good.
Because they might be listening.
It's, oh, they're really good.
They're good little folk.
Yes, they're so good.
Uh, they're good.
They're as good as those temple priests that would rip out hearts and teach Cheatlin'
Green jacket, red cap and white owl's feather.
They stole little Bridget these seven years long.
When she came down again her friends were all gone.
They took her lightly back between the night and morrow.
They thought that she was fast asleep but she was dead with sorrow.
They have kept her ever since deep within the lakes with frogs as their watchdogs all night awake.
Wow.
I feel like I was here in the Celtic nation hearing an elderly person saying that somewhere.
Ever seen the Leprechaun horror movie series?
First he comes from Ireland and he leaps through the air and bites your face off.
Who knew that Leprechauns were into that?
Then you get the Leprechaun in the hood and he raps, you know.
And if that's not as bad as it could be, the next one he's in space.
He's bothering astronauts.
When was it in?
Leprechaun rappers in space?
Well, a little greenie fellow played by Warwick Davis in the absurd 19th century Leprechaun suit.
It's, hey, you should run that in the Grindhouse series.
Which one?
The Leprechaun series.
I've never seen any of those.
You know, the first Leprechaun movie.
Called Leprechaun.
Introduced Jennifer Aniston to the world.
It was her first role.
She, a miniskirted ingenue, can be seen.
The script calls for her to lust after some forgettable lummox while the Leprechaun antics are going on.
And the Leprechaun turns out to be the actual love interest of Jennifer Aniston?
No, the Leprechaun is an improbable monster.
You know, the Leprechaun motivation, I never thought.
I mean, none of Darby O'Gill's buddies would leap through the air with a boing sound and bite off your face.
But in modern movies, you have to have different goals, different parameters, different expectations.
So should we all offer up a rap, perhaps a Leprechaun space rap?
Like, we're going past Venus, boing past Mars.
No, you know, why give them any publicity?
It's that Leprechaun franchise.
It enabled a sawed-off actor to work, okay?
After he was the hero of the George Lucas movie, the one with the two-headed turkey dragon.
Willard?
Willow, yes. Willow, not Willard.
Willard, right.
You're talking about Warwick Davis?
Warwick Davis, yes. He later played the lead role in the Leprechaun series.
Speaking of short things, time is short right now.
We have reached the 11 o'clock hour, so portions of the following broadcast will be objectionable to some members of the audience.
Therefore, WCSB advises listener discretion.
The views and opinions expressed on this program are not necessarily those of WCSB or Cleveland State University or anyone affiliated with either one of those fine institutions.
You're listening to a special edition of Synesthesia here.
I'm Dr. Sinister. We have our special guest, Dr. Hal, Princess Weardot, and Reverend Ivan Stang.
We're going to pause here real quick.
And LonesomeCowboyDave on the phone, thank you for speaking up here.
I'm sorry, I'm just looking around and I couldn't see you, man. I was hoping to see you today.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Out of mind is right.
I think we're all a little bit out of our minds here.
Dave, if you wouldn't mind holding for just a moment here, I think we need to pause real quick.
Would it be better if I called back in two minutes?
If that works for you, you could do that as well.
Oh, okay. I will call back in three minutes because I know how things usually really go.
All right. We'll talk to you soon, Dave.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
¶¶
