Who's there?
The subgenius, the power of...
SWAG!
Now I know all about everything.
What? Yeah, yeah, yep, yeah, yeah!
I named man the bad story, but Stoomson didn't get it
Mermin found a kept his fern in their mountain
And then some dad cute he wish they won food
And Groobin the love bugle grabbed the groom of two
Thank-ly-mer!
Oh yes dear friends, we're going to 23X Day
Right in our own homes!
And much of this episode is the first hour of the first day
Of the first X Day that was held entirely online
By teleconferencing
And it started this way
On July 5th, 1998, 7 AM
When we all have hangovers
Wotan's judgment will take place in the form of what the pre-scriptures call
The advent of the angelic host
Like any other prophet, Bob preaches about the end of the world
Only his predictions are just a little different
July 5th, 1998
At 7 AM to be exact
The men from Planet X, as the news media will call them
Will arrive to rupture the subgeniuses
The true believer subgeniuses
Up into the escape vessels of the sex goddesses
And believe it or not, plenty of people
4,000 of them so far and more every day have already joined up
Suddenly the joke has become serious
And profitable
Your standard religious rip-off, right?
But can anybody take this stuff seriously?
Dear Bob, it's time to close my eyes
Remember now
It's no surprise
If I should be found dead someday
I'll think that you were in the way
Oh, gimme Bob
Confusing that face
With my own
Can't remember my place
Bob's role on this planet
Is to see that the Earth is not sold
On that glorious or terrible day
We call X-Day in 1990
What year?
I didn't say what year it is!
Oh no
Nineteen something
I haven't had my hearing aids on all day
So you forgot what he said?
Yeah, I actually, I'm gonna run get them in a second
They're nearby, next to my bed, but
I had to go to the, get a CAT scan this morning
In the next town over
And I got there, I realized I don't have my
Ear bones
And everybody's wearing masks
So everything sounds like
Vrrr, vrrr, vrrr, vrrr
That can be rather disconcerting
Yeah, I'm gonna go get my hearing aids, you guys
Reverend John Shirley has his hand up
Let me pull John in for you
So's Modemac, actually for all we know everybody is
But this is the very thing
This is the first show
So we have to stick with professionals for the first 20 minutes
Oh, well, that's, that's
Man, I should, I should step back
You're the only one who really knows what he's doing
Hey John Shirley
Let me see if I can assist you here
He's down there
I asked him to start his video
There we go
And I'm going to ask him to unmute
It's funny to ask a mutant
To unmute
Unmute
I never thought of it that way
You're a mutate kink
I can't unmute
I'm mutated, I'm a mutated
How am I gonna unmute?
Mutate kink
If you want that raise, son
You're gonna have to unmute
I tried, I tried
I really did too, man
There was a period in my life when I tried to unmute several times
Yeah, me too
When I was 12, I burned all the comic books that I had drawn in elementary school
To prove to myself that I wasn't gonna be a weirdo anymore
Did it work?
One time I quit smoking pot to prove I could quit smoking pot
And once that happened, I started smoking pot again
I proved I could do it, you know?
That was my only point
After a certain point, you know, you realize you can't unmute
But you can wear the masks of insanity
Which was Philo's way of saying you have to act normal
Or you have to act like a dumb
There's also the asks of insanity
Where you just go up to people and you ask them the question that will set them off
So then they can do all the talking and
They'll think you're a good listener and you're real clever and sympathetic
That has worked for me
That would be insane
I've got standing invitations to several famous people's houses because
I listen to their wives without opening my mouth once for a whole hour
So that they didn't have to listen to her?
Well, it was that the wife wasn't used to anybody listening
Listening
While they jabbered
And I didn't have anything better to do
I was trapped
I put these crystals on my PowerPoints
It's a messenger, hold on
I was going, where'd Motomac go?
And then I realized, oh, he's on the page
I wasn't expecting that he made it
Phil say hi
Well, you can teach us how to cook if it gets really boring
People can learn stuff on a seminar like this
What kind of things can they learn, Dr. Drummond?
That's one of those asks
There's a long tradition of the straight man in a comedy troupe
But we're not limited to just the straight man
We can have a whole troupe of just straight men
Also hate men
I think it's good to have the straight man be
Just everyone on the street that you happen to encounter
That's your straight man
Yeah, or your boss
Or your boss
Your boss is literally
Actually the butt of your humor
Can you be a straight man if you're gay?
Reverend, there's a stigmata
Hi, Philo
Hi
Hi, Mickey
Hi, Sting
Hey
We're Facebook friends
We are Facebook friends
Well, I don't have that many
I've only got about 200 or so friends
I'm real careful about that
I only will put on people that I either know face to face
Or maybe if I've known them on the internet for 25 years
Right
Oh, there's Hal
It's Hal
You had to be swimming in a canoe with him
Before you put him on there
Hal, here is the reverend
Hello, Hal
Dominique Stigmata
And this raw eggplant to everyone
Raw eggplant?
A man I feel special
Raw, says raw eggplant
And there's Hal with his
With his sacred Ask Dr. Hal
Yes
Ascot
Fez
The Ascot Dr. Hal
It's a Fez
The Ascot
The Ascot Fez of Dr. Hal
The Fez what says
The Fez what says
Can you hear us, Dr. Hal?
Yes
How about me?
Can you hear me?
We can hear you exquisitely
You sound wonderful
Well, opinions vary
Well, it's funny how the blue screens work
They work fine for some of us
Philo is a floating head about half the time
Because he's a green shirt
You mean in life or do you mean on Zoom?
Both
John Shirley looks like the invisible man
About halfway through the process
With his paint wearing off
This is the secret
I'll show you
There, you see my green screen behind me?
That's the secret
That's everything you need
Just a sheet
Any color really
Because you can match the color
I'm kind of liking my solarization effect
Even though I didn't intend it
I kind of like how it works
There's a lot of
It's like a 1970s special effect
Since I have a green screen
Lighting all my lights
And all my cool stuff
I have a picture of what's behind it
On the green screen
Ah
Well, Onan has something like that too
I saw the picture of Onan's little special set
Yesterday
And Philo's just wearing his green screen
So his head ends up on these other characters' shoulders
He's on a statue right now
There we go
That's uncanny the way that works
Well, once again we're talking to the viewing audience
And not any kind of audience
Not any kind of radio audience
So screw you radio listeners
You can't see any of this green screen stuff
That's what you get for not spending your 35 bucks
And joining the church
You're missing out on the mind-breaking special effects
Well, the other thing they're thinking is
Well, I don't hear any ladies' voices
I thought X-Day was supposed to be a bunch of topless babes
I thought I heard a ladies' voice
There's babes here
But they're, you know
They're topless
I could take my shirt off
I've got pretty good tits nowadays
Well, I'm gonna leave it up to Joyce
But I've got five bucks that say she doesn't take her shirt off
The Smart Girls
Now watch out for the Smart Girls
You better watch out for the Smart Girls
They're on a smart check
Watch out
They're on a smart check
They're on a smart check
They're smart guys
They're smart girls
They're smart guys
Watch out
Always tripping the girls
Watch out
The Smart Girls
Watch out
They know the world more than most
Watch out
The Smart Girls
Watch out
They know the world more than most

They're the guys that learn more

To learn more
That's right
Learn from the Smart Girls
They're the guys that learn more
They're the guys that learn more
It doesn't matter if you're a guy or a girl
Why don't you just learn from that smart girl
Or that smart guy
The subgenius kids
did that song, Smart Chicks.
And they were at
X Day but not singing.
Although I think they sang that
during a Zoom subgenius
meeting.
Those happen every week for members.
More of the subgenius
kids will be coming up.
But now, back to 23XDay
Day 1, Hour 1.
I'm wearing a Dallas
Paleontological Society
shirt. I had to go into town
today. That has much good
magic. Yeah, you don't
want to wear your Bob
shirt into town because
the profile people come after you.
I wore a shirt today
that at first glance looks
astoundingly
offensive.
It's John Carpenter's.
See?
And it's...
Oh, John Carpenter, but it's like
the Carpenter.
It's the They Live character.
Right, I get it.
That is pretty cool.
I didn't realize it was the They Live
characters. That's pretty cool.
See, when I first saw the t-shirt, I thought
they were making some bust on
Karen Carpenter
and her anorexia.
She starved herself.
I thought they were busting on that and I thought it was funny for that level.
But then I realized it was John Carpenter.
No, then I really got...
Why not both?
Sure.
Why not both?
Sure.
But it was, for a second there, it was the darkest bit of humor I'd seen in a long time.
Go figure.
Then they remade They Live on a budget of about 20 times greater than that and called it The Matrix.
They Live was a great documentary.
Haley said yes, indeed.
Expose of the
Reagan administration.
I told my kids it was a documentary.
Stan, did we get in?
Yeah, where's Princess Wee?
I don't know.
She's heard off screen
tuning in comments.
She was carried off by a pterodactyl.
Again?
But a fossilized one.
So it's like all bones as it flies through the sky.
Yeah, it won't get far.
Yeah, they're just...
It's too heavy.
Awesome.
It's a magical question.
It's a magical question.

If there's a dinosaur and then the dinosaur turns into a fossil dinosaur, so there you
have the question of, was there a zombie dinosaur in between those phases?
Do robots also, do robots have ghosts when they expire?
I'll turn that over to the panel.
Do robots have ghosts?
I can tell you about the dinosaurs.
I don't know about dinosaur zombies, but they definitely turn into ghosts.
And it's a good question.
I think that as ghosts, they're still heavy enough to leave footprints.
Because along with the clear live dinosaur tracks, I suppose could be zombie dinosaurs
as degraded as they are.
We also really do have ghost dinosaur tracks.
Are you referring to the article in the Prehistoric Times which said that dinosaur tracks aren't
deep enough?
Did you see that particular article?
No.
What were they claiming about?
Well they're the ghosts that only leave a shallow track.
Right.
Well, we have tracks made by ghost dinosaurs.
They're blurry.
And I used to just joke that they were ghost dinosaur tracks.
Until I saw, I started noticing in photographs that were taken during certain periods of
dryness versus wetness in the creek, the little depressions would become more apparent.

And I realized they probably were dinosaur tracks.
They've just been exposed for a thousand years and now they're just smudges.
Yes, they weather.
A thousand years?
Only a thousand years?
Only a thousand years of exposure.
And millions of years preserved before the time of exposure.
Right.
The tracks at the state park.
Some of the oldest ones are still there.

Some of the older ones are gone now, but new ones are exposed every time there's a flood.
Do you think that the dinosaur ghosts actually felt pain?
I don't know about that, but they definitely left smudge-like tracks.
They might have felt existential pain.
What if they were like, you know, if it was winter time and it's cold outside and they're
having a walk, leaving their tracks, they might be tiptoeing more, you know?
The dinosaur ghosts were quoting Sartre.
These dinosaurs that were over here.
They're now over there.
Yeah, that's the whole thing.
That they go around, they float around like on giant icebergs and they visit their friends
that way.
Stang, do you remember where the Chilophysis specimens from the Triassic were extracted?
The location, the name of the location?
You'll have to refresh my memory.
Ghost Ranch.
Wow.
Do you recall that?
Where all the major fossils...
Coincidence?
Coincidence?
I think not.
There's no coincidence.
There's no money to be made.
May I say.
Other dinosaurs of famous reputation come from hell too.
There were many dinosaurs that had gas bags of lighter than air gas on their head or down
their spine.
In their bones.
That helped them stand up more erect, you know?
They were...
They were...

They would just kind of tiptoe across the ancient world leaving these little dainty
footprints even though they were sometimes like a mile high.
And sometimes it was just their toes, you know?
And they would just eat and eat and eat and float away.
They didn't leave as many fossils but if you can get to the moon, that's where you'll
see...
They wanted to.
They do want to get fossil footprints, don't we?
You can see that kind of stuff.
That's how they filmed the moon landing with a dove.

And the dinosaurs did it.
The dinosaur fossils.
Yeah.
If you read Dr. Doolittle's adventures, you may remember that there were dinosaurs
on the moon when he visited it.
I rest my case.
Inevitably.
First Dr. Doolittle's garden, then the sequel Dr. Doolittle on the moon where a giant moon
moth comes and carries Dr. Doolittle and some of his friends to the moon inhabited by human
giants and dinosaurs.
Left over from an earlier era.
Would the fact of the moon being a giant abandoned skull explain the hollow ringing
sound when you strike it?
The bell-like sound?
Well, it's hollow.
It's definitely hollow and it reverberates when struck as a special experiment showed.
The moon does?
Yes.
Yes.
Well, that would be of interest to H.G. Wells.
Well.
Uh.
I remember reading a comic book years ago standing in the drugstore next to my house,
which suggested the moon was a giant egg that was about to hatch.
And it does in the comic book.
What comes out?
Some large griffin-like thing.
That wasn't a comic book.
That was an episode of Super Friends from Saturday morning.
Well, you've got to feed the monster.
They'll put in an idea from anywhere.
Yes.
X-Day in 1998.
When the men from Planet X arrived.
Yeah.
Now, it may sound ludicrous.
It may sound ridiculous to many of the believers out there.
It may sound impossible.
Are you saying they're all nuts, all those people?
Maybe.
Yeah, maybe.
You once were telling me about Planet X, Dr. Morbant.
Evil on Planet X is more than you could think of.
Evil stalks them.
Every night and day they wait to see the evil they go through.
Do they come to you?














What's the point of waiting for them to come down in Flying Southers?
Flying Southers are bearing on us.
We don't know what to do.
We're here all alone.
The planets are fading.
The blood is running.
The lights were fading.
And they stalked us one by one.
The very...
This is the Man in Black here for the Roma Wine Company of Fresno, California.
Are we controlled by Satan?





Secret forces.
Do you ever get the feeling that free will is a joke?
Do people think you're strange?
Do you?
Then you may be on the right track.
Give me slack, or give me food, or kill me!
That was when Super Friends actually was going downhill.
I mean, it reached its peak with Challenge of the Super Friends,
and then it had a couple of seasons that were, well, less than mediocre.
What kind of a challenge can there be if you're super?
It's like Challenge of the GoBots.
The whole thing is rigged from the beginning to end.
It puts the media in mediocrity.
Yes.
There are many with tattoos on this.
Oh, I'm so sorry the radio audience can't see the cool backgrounds that many of us have.
Yes, you can see into subgenius sights here.
The radio audience can send away for a series of magic lantern slides
to hold directly in front of the face and then shine a Klieg light directly into the eyes,
one per eye.
And burn those images in, then they can see them at any time.
In fact, they will never.
Whether they want to or not, because they'll be there forever.
Yes.
Also, it's available at no extra cost in the Church of the Subgenius.
If you would care to see the green energy demons, simply look at the sun and wait.
You'll see them.
Well, our president does that.
Yeah.
We can make some branding irons for the eyes.
Little branding irons for the eyes.
We can make some images that we like on them, you know, and sear them forever with those images.
Oh, I mean, a lot of the younger subgeniuses did that already.
They have tiny bobs tattooed on their eyes backwards.
You know, so it looks right to them.
Eyeball tattoos is a thing in prisons.
That's for real.
Well, is there any chance we are going to get Xanthia Octo-Torona on to discuss the
totalities?

Is that all you can think about?
Did you see the picture she posted yesterday?
How do you like my bob?
She posted a picture of how do you like my bob?
Well, she was posed about like this.
Yes.
She was climbing out of a swimming pool, stark nude.
She has a really good bob on the inside of her arm.
And you could see the top and bottom of her boobs, or her boobs.
Her bobs, shall we say.
She's the one who's offered to move X Day to a nudist camp in Florida where she resides.
Yeah, she and her dad own a resort in Land of the Lakes, Florida, that is also a nudist
place and would be perfect for X Day, except you can't make noise all night.
The neighbors are a little too nearby.
That's okay with me, personally.
I'm usually in bed up the hill by the time that happens.
By the time we get there, the newer generation of subgeniuses will have earbuds and their
own noise.
Is it true that good fortune comes to those who join the Church of the Subgenius?
Yes.
It actually is.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I got a visit from good fortune, for instance, because I joined the Church of the
Subgenius, Xanthea Octo-Shroom came to visit me.
And I found out that...
Yeah.
Much to my surprise, she's really intelligent, fun, nice, subgeniusy lady, and get this,
she's a fossil hunter.
She knows her geological periods.
Yeah, she does.
How long do we have on here?
Every month.
I don't know, you want to take a roll call?
Who is fit for the Hall of Heroes?
The Hall of Heroes.
Dougoth has arrived in the attendee.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to pull him in.
I got him.
I got him.
I got him.
I got him away.
You know, I asked him if he wanted me to pull him into the panel, and I never waited for
an answer.
I just said, come on in.
He has a presence here.
Yeah, come on.
A lettered presence.
Mono-bro.
I just remembered a dinosaur joke.
Yeah?
Please.
I just remembered a dinosaur joke.


that would be an old one
why do you
never hear
pterodactyls urinating
because the P is silent
oh
oh
that makes perfect sense
do the dinosaurs all speak a common
dinosaur language
or was it
broken up by the different
geological eras or
different species
one species of dinosaur
considered all the other dinosaurs to be
just animals
they spoke Esperanto
their speech was mostly motion
and color
it was like movements and colors with a little
bit of sounds and snores
we know this from the
what are those historical dinosaur
novels
Harry
Harrison
oh
the

the
the



they can't have sex with normal looking cave women
but only a hair-lip girl
he meets a girl with a severe
cleft palate
and
she's sort of like
she kinda reminds him of the
dinosaur queen that
introduced him to sex
the mergu
but
they
are
quite advanced in their genetic
science and can
adapt other dinosaurs into vehicles and submarines and boats and things like that.
Yeah, all their tools are actually other animals that have been genetically modified.
Their guns are lizards that shoot pellets out of their, poison pellets out of their butts.
Paralyzed lizards.
Quite deadly.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's amazing.
And they speak with each other by motions and ducking.
Postures.
Their tails come in real handy.
Right.
It makes it frustrating for a human who doesn't have a tail to try to do the postures that signal certain tenses and frames.
I'm just telling Mickey that I've learned to do bee dances to tell bees where things are.
You can do the waggle dance?
So I do these dances and I get them to come to our flowers.
But.
You have to do it right and make a noise and it can be learned.
You can't learn a waggle dance.
What happens if you give them the wrong directions though?
Well, actually once I did something wrong and they followed me instead of going to the flowers.
And then we had a hundred bees in the house.
And, you know, I had to run from them.
And these things can go wrong.
But it's, you know, just don't.
I'm sure it was not you.
Don't get the dance wrong.
Don't get the dance wrong.
Otherwise they'll be eating the queen.
You can't run from them anyway.
They'll catch you.
You ever been bit by a dead bee?
Ever had a beard of bees decide to sting you all at once?
When one stings, they all sting.
Regarding the dinosaurs, there is this comment by a creationist that he once asked, how come man survived the asteroid and the dinosaurs didn't?
And somebody replied to them, social distancing.
They were 65 million years apart.
That was the proof.
You don't need that microphone.
You don't need the microphone too close to your mouth.
It's kind of too.
Sorry about that.
Yeah.
Work on that.
Okay.
Our dinosaur ancestors are still judging us for our proximity to the microphone.
Ryan Aldiss wrote a story where one insane person said that humans were derived from the theropod line of dinosaurs.
There is some kind of line.
There is a line of procession from dinosaurs to the early primates.
They're out.
Yeah.
They had two eyes.
That's what we call imperative anatomy.
Everybody has the same skeleton.
Humans and dinosaurs have the same skeleton.
The same body plan.
Coincidence?
Coincidence?
I think not.
You're either on the insect side, the invertebrate side, or you're on the vertebrate side.


If you're on the vertebrate side, you've got a pelvis, ribs, skull, two eyes, four limbs.
There was never any exception to this, except back in the weird Burgess shale where all sorts
of alien creatures tried to get started and did not.
Except for the ones that did and became yeti, which became subgeniuses.
They resembled the great race that...
That H.P. Lovecraft described, in fact.
Good lord.
The cone beings with the long stalk with the head on the end with multiple eyes are actually
represented by a Burgess shale creature called Anomalocaris.
Burgess shale.
Yes.
The Burgess shale is in Canada.
What is that one?
Story ideas.
It was about the...
Stephen Jay Gould wrote a book about it.
If evolution had gone slightly different, you know.
We wouldn't have this division into insects and vertebrates that we have now, but we'd
have these exotic, strange, utterly alien things.
When we were admiring the lady, we might be admiring her mandibles.
It's like a different reality.
From a safe distance.
Her sexy mandibles.
Yeah, from a safe distance.
Because in the mating process, she will bite off your head.
The passion is there.
Well, that does describe my second and third marriages, but never mind.
Never mind.
Let us not dwell on the horrors.
Unspeakable horrors.
.

.
.

















. . .
Hi, Open.
Because let's face it, this summer has been the summer of revolution.
In fact, it really seems like the end times.
There's a worldwide plague ravaging the population.
There's more police brutality than ever before.
And we see it over and over again on TV with instant replay.
And of course, all the riots and protests.
Clashing with the man, looting various stores and tearing down various statues and yada yada yada.
Now, more than a faithful few have asked yours truly,
Papa Joe, you're a bomb thrower.
You're always preaching about hate this and hate that.
Rise up and burn it all down.
You do approve of the riots, don't you?
Or at very least, the peaceful protests.
Well, let me answer the second question first.
I don't do peaceful protests.
I don't believe in no justice, no peace.
I just believe in no peace.
We've already had thousands of years of their so-called peace.
And what has it gotten us?
A conspiracy, that's what.
So don't expect me to chill out and let up just because the conspiracy throws us a bone.
They can keep their bones.
In fact, I'm all for throwing their bones right back at them.
Starting with their skull and working our way right on down their weak little spines to the tips of their tiny little toes.
But now for the answer to the first question.
Do I believe in a...
Do I approve in the angry riots?
The answer, dear friends, is both yes and no.
I do approve of rising up and taking back that which is rightfully ours.
And to use extreme prejudice in order to destroy extreme prejudice.
But when I look out and see all the violence, all the destruction, and all the marching,
I have to ask myself, why?
Why didn't any of these...
Why didn't any of these people stand up and protest or fight the system in the name of Bob?
Oh sure, social justice is a good cause.
Like the media says, social justice is more important than social distance.
So long as your justice agrees with my justice.
And your distance is at least an arm swing away from my fists.
But there is a bigger issue than social justice, dear friends.
There's an issue...
There's an issue bigger than winning in November.
And there's an issue bigger than curing the COVID pandemic.
And that issue is J.R. Bob Dobbs!
For 23 years, he's been waiting for us to rise up and show the conspiracy bosses who the real boss really is.
He spent his entire life lining up an alien armada to rocket all the way to the sneaking globule of dirt
located in the armpit of the universe just to rescue us from this hell on Earth.
Was he expecting too much for us to demonstrate just a little faith that he would return
and provide some fifth column resistance or outright guerrilla warfare
to make his X-Day invasion a tiny bit easier for the X's overlords?
Jesus H!
No wonder he keeps putting off the final evacuation year after year.
It's bad enough that most of the sub-Gs are drunk, passed out, or asleep during the 7-day egg cattle call.
But this year?
Oh, this year.
It's even.
Worse.
We're finally revolting against this system and claiming that we're destroying the chains of oppression
and tearing down statues of colonial slave owners and Civil War slave masters.
But what about our slave owners?
Why, there's no mention at all about them or their modern-day 9-to-5 rent-a-slave conspiracy
or the daily denial of Dobbsian liberty.
In fact, there's no mention of Bob Dobbs in the slightest.
It's as if he doesn't even exist.
Oh, it makes me sad.
Sad to think that on July 5th, just before 7am,
Bob's gonna fly down in the first Reconno-Saucer to enter our sub-orbit since this time last year.
And he'll see all the crowds.
He'll see all the smoke.
And he'll see all the tear gas and debris and toppled statues.
And he'll think,
Finally!
Finally!
I can land this ship and let my people go to the Pleasure Planet I promised all those years ago!
And finally, I can release the shock troops to put this planet out of its misery!
But then...
Then, as he enters NORAD's radar range, he'll start receiving TV and radio broadcasts
and he'll realize this is not about him.
It's about us and the normals and the cops.
Alack!
Alas!
Imagine his pain and disappointment!
We were so close to salvation, so very close!
But we stopped just short of the goal line.
If these puny pinks wanted to save themselves, they'd spend less time debating whether to take a knee for the national anthem
and instead would take two knees for Bob!
But, but, but, Papa Joe!
This is a good cause!
Don't you think?
Don't you think Bob will approve of us fighting to make Earth a better place for everyone?
No, I do not!
Because Bob is not coming to Earth to make it a better place!
He's coming here to take us, his chosen, TO a better place!
A better planet where none of these problems occur!
Where none of this pinkness exists!
And then, just to make sure no pinkness infects anywhere else in the universe,
he's going to make Earth a better place by utterly destroying it!
Yes, it's a dirty, dobsian duty, but someone's got to do it!
And whatever you do, don't get nostalgic about it because Earth is dying anyway!
Even the conspiracy scientists admit we only have a few years left regardless.
At least with Bob, not everyone is neutralized, and the billions who are are put out of their misery quickly
without all the long, drawn-out, pomp and circumstance.
That's showing a lot more compassion than the conspiracy ever showed us!
When the boot was on the other foot,
they always piled on the pain and suffering in slow motion!
So they're getting much better treatment than they deserve.
Of course, now the Bobbies and conspiracy collaborators are getting a little nervous
and starting to murmur and fidget.
But Papa Joe, that's all supposed to be a big joke, man!
You're sounding kind of serious! You're sounding like a religious fanatic!
News flash! I am a religious fanatic, and proudly so, because I know what's at stake!
You think it's a joke because we told you it's a joke,
because that's the only way we were able to pull this thing off with any element of surprise
and to stay out of prison in the meantime.
Fine! It's a joke. Keep telling yourself that.
And stop listening to my sermons, because it's not for you.
It's for the faithful.
Those truly dedicated to Bob.
Those truly dedicated and willing to die for Dobbs!
Because nothing, nothing is more important than he is!
Not you. Not me.
And certainly not them.
So don't start getting soft on the humans, because pink lives don't matter.
Now, I'm not saying don't attend the protests.
And I'm not saying don't riot.
But I am saying, if you want real, everlasting change,
these little demonstrations simply won't do.
The only riots and protests that can achieve something that dramatic are for Dobbs.
And they ain't peaceful nor pretty.
Because there's no negotiating or changing the minds of the conspiracy.
It's against their nature to compromise.
The only way you change them is to destroy them.
They not only have the cops, they have the military.
And the only way to destroy that is with help from Heaven.
Or should I say, the Heavens.
Because that's where Bob and his alien overlords will drop out of lightspeed and light this candle!
It's not too late to fix our fate.
We have up until 6.59 AM, July 5th, to change the future course of planet Earth.
We can either keep slamming our heads against the wall, trying to improve a planet dying of diseases,
climate change and social chaos,
or we can jettison this bitch and move on to greener, not pinker, pastures.
I suggest you put that proposition in your pipe and smoke it.
And!
If you do attend any protests or riots, do it for Bob's sake.
At least buy and wear a Bob's face chin bandana,
so maybe, just maybe, it will at least look like you're fighting for a cause worthy of his divine intervention.
And we'll find out soon enough if he falls for it or not.
And I'll be cheering you on all the way.
Because I, for one, am tired of waiting.
Here in the wood of Bob, breathe!
Bob!
Amen.






















Está bueno!

Muito.
Bien.





En la¨ imperismsible.


Mas laيا.
!

La INAOmad Friday.






Barrio.
Now!
Anthony!
ано!
Governor!
Thank you, buddy.
And that was the Psychoskeletons.
Tomorrow's Tomato, name it that song.
For more information, friends, check out subgenius.com.
Yes, that's subgenius.com.
And praise Bob.
