And we'll walk the streets of Lickersby.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
It's K-N-O-N 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Wait, did I say 90.9?
It's 89.3, friends.
I'm sorry.
You're going to have to forgive us.
And we'll explain why in just a second here.
Did you see any experiments?
Oh, yeah.
Those doctors, they like to hurt people.
They're part of God and should be tried more often than they are.
I believe in the man in the sky.
The man in the sky.
I believe with his head.
I believe in the man in the sky.

He's not walking.
Oh, yes, it's so true, friends.
Even Elvis, even the dead Elvis believes in that man in the sky, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And, friends, you're listening to the radio ministry of the Church of the Subgenius,
the Hour of Slack, with your host, Reverend Ivan Stang, and...
The Will of Dobbs.
And you're going to have to...
You're going to have to forgive us our trespasses tonight.
We just got back about three hours ago from New Orleans,
where we and the Doctors for Bob, the complete Doctors for Bob,
and Pope David N. Meyer II...
And Cat.
Don't forget Cat.
Yes.
I won't.
Under the...
We had too good of a time.
We did a big revival at the World Science Fiction Convention down there in New Orleans,
and we...
It was a great show.
We're going to play some of that.
A lot of the best stuff has to be edited down very, very carefully.
Oh, yes.
The problem is that Will and I just had too good of a time.
We haven't had much sleep.
No, it was an ecstatic weekend, if you know what I mean.
It really was, and...
We're not hung over or anything.
Oh, no.
We're clean-living boys, actually, as subgeniuses go.
Yeah.
I'm a bit...
I'm apathetic right now, myself.
But I tell you, and on top of that, I got a bad case of terista from drinking the water,
so if you see...
If I suddenly have to disappear, it'll be Will's show.
There was the water in those Cajun potato chips that you can only get in New Orleans, man.
They're great.
But we...
You know, it was great walking around with a bunch of subgeniuses at a World Science Fiction Convention
feeling so superior to those bespectacled nerds.
Not that...
We don't look slightly the same way, but...
No, no, no.
But we talk a lot dirtier, you know?
And we did panel discussions and so forth that were...
Well, it had to do with face-raping bats and...
And their antidote puddings.
Yeah.
Yeah, you understand.
You've been there.
No.
Most of you, I hope.
If you don't, well, we're not...
Just look for those three little notches down in your neck.
You know.
When the bones retract, if you know how to get the bones to retract...
Just tickle them just right.
This thing, we don't want you playing around.
Don't try these stunts at home, kids, until we've done the face-raping bat show,
which we're not prepared to do yet.
Coming tapes to follow.
Yeah.
In the meantime...
Oh, and also, at the same time, U.S. News and World Report
started getting interested in the Church of the Subgenius.
They want to have a tape of this revival, too.
Did you read your Newsweeks this week, friends?
Well, anyway, we're going to go into that live revival.
This was the easiest one to dub in an hour for tonight
because it was Pope David N. Meyer II,
Pope of all New York, the Great Pacific Northwest, and Idaho,
BBS, DDS, PPP, PPOY, and so forth.
I never can remember his...
Yeah, I never can remember his full title, but...
This is he preaching...
No, that's not he.
Wait a minute.
I'm going to get he in there.
So, like I said, just forgive us.
We've been praising Bob until our heads like to pop.
So, here we go.
Now, children, let's talk about what makes you so genius, shall we?
But before we do, children, let's get down.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Oh.
Oh.
Usually, children, the Pope of all New York preaches in a suit,
but he believes that Southerners know what a preacher looks like,
and I don't have to wear a costume to convince you that I can preach a word of God.
A subgenius, children, is obviously someone who follows Bob.
He's obviously someone who needs slack.
He or she is obviously someone who fights a conspiracy.
But what else is a subgenius?
Well, I've been studying on this matter, children.
The first thing you can do is to...
The first thing you can say about a subgenius is that subgeniuses are shy egomaniacs, children.
The next thing I think you can safely say about subgeniuses,
and the Pope of all New York is a subgenius,
is that subgeniuses can dish it out, but they can't take it.
Children, you can be a subgenius in public,
and subgeniuses will be uniformly misanthropic, like this subgenius here.
Or they'll be uniformly withdrawn and apoclyphic, like this subgenius here.
They don't like their fellow man or woman, and they're extremely discriminating.
But at the same time, if you went to one of these subgeniuses and you said,
you're an a**hole,
well, that subgenius would go home and sob into his or her pillow.
His feelings would be so hurt.
Subgeniuses have very thin skin, children, and believe me,
the Pope of all New York knows where I speak.
There it is.
There it is.
There is one place where we do not have thin-skinned children.
That's right.
There is one place where we have the skin of an armadillo,
on top of the skin of an alligator,
on top of the skin of a hippo,
on top of the skin of the elephant.
And do you know where that is, children?
That's when we confront the conspiracy.
When the conspiracy comes, children,
a subgenius is clad in that Bob armor.
Now, children, children, children,
a lot of people, they say to me, Dave,
they say to me, Rob, Dad,
Dave, Dave, Dave,
he's going to be Pope of all New York City, Dave.
All New York City, Dave.
What is the most efficient and direct method
by which I can confront the conspiracy on one hand
and become a true subgenius on the other?
Children, children, children,
the answer is deceptively simple.
The answer is in front of you, children.
The answer is as near as a P-dog or a crotch of Brentano's, children.
Of course, I'm talking about the Macabre, the subgenius!
Reprinted by Simon & Schumer at $9.95
at Fair Bookstore and everywhere.
I guarantee you, you will never read every word in it, children.
Now, children, I think you all know
what happens on July 5th, 1998.
I think you all know that that's the day the X-Men come down.
And you know, children, the X-Men,
they're businessmen.
They're simple businessmen, just like Bob is a businessman.
And all they want, children,
is real estate.
They want real estate, children.
And they have a contract for the planet Earth, the X-Men.
And they have a means to repossess it.
Do you know who stands in their way?
Who?
Who?
Bob!
Do you know who stands in their way?
Who?
Who?
Say Bob, children.
Bob!
Who is it that stands in their way?
Bob!
Who stands in their way?
Bob!
Who is it that stands in their way?
Bob!
But Bob only stands in their way with your health, children.
Bob only stands in their way...

when you tithe to Bob that which is Bob.
Bob only stands in their way when...
you buy the Macabre!
The So Genius!
$9.95!
You better get started, everyone!
Hold on!
You go to the table, where's my will-o-law?
I didn't buy t-shirts, bumper stickers, buttons, badges, and the new Arise video tape.
Video!
Now, children, a long time ago, when the Church of the So Genius began,
1998 seemed as far away as your day.
But now, children, it's only ten years hence.
Ten years hence, children.
Ten little years.
And you may, those of you who like to read Nostradamus,
think that plagues are going to be visiting us in those ten years, children.
Drought, fire, war.
But children, the plagues of the next ten years will not be externally derived, children.
They will be internally derived.
They'll be the plague of sitting at home and watching your tape
when you should be making Bob art!
When you should be corresponding with others, and...
When you should be making Bob geniuses!
When you should be buying from Bob and tithing to the sacred P.O. box!
The conspiracy, children, wants to break us apart,
make us function as that all-important consumer unit individual,
and get rid of us.
But there's a man, children, a man with a pipe.
And he's waiting, children.
He's waiting to save you.
But it's up to you, children, to open your heart to Bob.
It's up to you, children, to let Bob come in.
It's up to you to see the value in Bob.
And now, children, in closing,
I'm gonna quote from the great subgenius saint, Lester Bayes.
I'm gonna read you something, children.
This was written upon Elvis' death, children.
So be patient with me and listen to this.
If love is truly going out of fashion forever,
then along with our nurtured indifference to each other
will be a more even contemptuous indifference to each other's objects of worship,
like Bob.
We will continue to fragment this matter
because solipsism holds all the cards at present.
It is a king whose domain engulfs even Elvis.
But I can guarantee you one thing, children.
We will never agree on anything as we agreed on Elvis.
But, children, the fact is
that just as this church has an infallible pope,
it has a fallible saint.
And in that regard, Lester Bayes was mistaken.
Because there is one thing, one man, one entity
we will agree on as we agreed on Elvis.
And who is that man?
Bob!
Who is that man?
Bob!
Who is that man?
Bob!
Who is that man?
Bob!
Who is that man?
Bob!
Who is that man?

So that man is Bob.
And Bob is there for you.
Bob loves you.
Bob needs you.
Bob wants to help you.
Bob wants to fight the conspiracies.
Bob wants to bring you glory.
Bob wants to grant you life.
That's right.
With the help of the Reverend Ivan Stam,
with the assistance of the Reverend John waking up,







With the help of Court Holland, I'm forward Court.
With the help of the Redwood Sternodocs,
you're gonna help me help the Cali Lodge Crescent City
first climbers, only for Bob Corral.
Sing about Bob.
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Now children, you're gonna sing back
to the Pope of all New York.
Are you ready? Say yes.
Are you ready to take Bob into your heart?
Are you ready to take Bob into your mind?
Are you ready to take Bob into your watch?
All right children, here we go.
You ready?
There once was a man.
There once was a man.
A mighty salesman.
A mighty salesman.
And he had to find a way to get the
Once was a man.
Once was a man.
The world's greatest salesman.
The world's greatest salesman.
And he had to find a plan
to keep the shackles from all teeth.
I know.
I know.
I know.
He's gone.
A martyr on the coast.
Bob is my own.
And he's coming again.
Who knew that the first shot was gonna be the last shot.
But he's got a heart that's white.
The gas smoke all through the night.
There's no hope.
He made me hurt.
The universe is full of squirtin' Bob is my own.
And he's coming again.
Yeah.
Ho!
Oh!

Oh!
.
.
.
I'm a man!
I'm a man.
He's coming.
I'm a man.
We're just a shot from his mighty side
If only he could make it sound
From the land of the dead
Father, till the happy day
We can only drink and say
Father, follow
And it's coming again
I know he can make it
Without him we can't take it
We'll lose the pieces of our hearts
To the big boys and the whims
Until the day that he goes back
It'll be a world with no slack
Father, follow
And it's coming again
Father, follow
Father, follow
Father, follow
Father, follow
And it's coming again
Coming again
We don't want the end to come
As we wait for it to be
Father, follow
Father, follow
Father, follow
Father, follow
And it's coming again
And it's coming again
And it's coming again
Again
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, that's right.
That was actually Slackmaster Cleave and the Spurious Jive.
I could not play the rendition we tried to do live without Cleave.
And then Cleave never finished the song.
Dude, I'm crushed.
No, I would put Cleave on the Denis trabajar a completely different scale
and put Cleave on the Jersey태

That was the preaching that preceded that song was again,
Polt David N migrant.
Thank you very much.
And then.
Thank you very much for watching.
Greetings, friends. Don't be afraid. Be very grateful. 144 00 firing której
such a bad time now.
It hurts, it hurts so good.
It did hurt, it did hurt good.
We just stayed up too late, that's all there is to it.
That's all.
But anyway, yeah, yeah, PSA, oh Bob is coming again,
I should mention.
Bob Wilson, Pope Bob, Robert Anton Wilson,
is coming back to, not to Dallas actually,
but to Denton on Friday, October 7th
at 8 o'clock p.m. and October 8th, Saturday,
from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. for a workshop.
This will be at the Aaron Horn School in Denton.
Also something called Creations by Trish
from 6 to 7.30 p.m. on Friday night.
Did I say 8 to 10 a.m. on Friday night?
I should have said, I don't know what I'm saying,
and you don't know.
I don't understand why I'm saying it,
but believe me, it's important somewhere.
When we get, get out your decoder rings, kids.
Have some happy.
So we're, yeah, yeah, right.
Next week we will play the unplayable parts of that revival
and they're a lot of fun.
You'll hear all the clicks and beeps
where I have to cut things out, but in the meantime,
here we go.
By age six, he had made his first, first, first, first, first,
million almost by accident.
In college, he met and married his first
and still his primary wife, Connie,
who is now revered by female subgeni
as the blessed anti-virgin.
With Connie's encouragement,
the young Dobbs became a salesman of legendary
and almost frightening abilities,
known to his peers as the man who could sell anything.
He worked his way up to the very top
of the conspiracy ladder and might have saved him.
But late one night in 1953,
while working on an amateur television of his own design,
an event occurred which was to become a milestone
in man's mind path to slack.
He was suddenly seized up in the spirit
by the hand of Jehovah One itself,
the cosmic puppeteer of the Old Testament,
the wrathful alien space god
from some corporate sin galaxy.
In this timeless moment,
which we call the divine immaculation of the Bob,
Dobbs received the first of countless grain
curdling pronouncements which formed
the sacred prescriptures of the church.
He was shown a vision,
a world where all humanity was equally wealthy,
rich beyond imagining, but without working.
This experience combined with his UFO given sales magic
led him inevitably to the world of the human.
He quickly discovered the golden rule embodied
in his classic saying,
they'll pay to know what they really think.
The true sub genius can learn to think for himself,
but only Bob can show him how.
And so Bob Dobbs founded his church
upon a sandy beach of common sense,
sense of humor and dollars and cents.
Well, I would say that Bob Dobbs

A likely story, you say.
But it's simple, really.
Bob is lucky, not smart.
In fact, by the perverted conspiracy standards of intelligence,
he's gifted with incredible stupidity.
He lives in a perpetual state of contracted consciousness.
This enables him to act without thinking,
to effortlessly surf the luck plane,
to float down the fabled path of least resistance,
to, in fact, make a million dollars each time he screws up.
Thus, it is not his wisdom, but his divine follies,
his holy blunders which we emulate.
The miracle is not in what Bob does to you,
but in what he allows you to do to yourself.
He brings the student to the realization that
everything you know is true.
Pull the wool over your own eyes, he admonishes,
and you may...
finally relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Votan, we've had this morning.
Let's go over that again.
You say this photograph was taken by one of our secret operatives.
It shows Ivan Stang in a rather compromising position.
I think you'll admit...
Yes, that's right. I think you will admit that...
Oops, wrong one.
Wait, let me see that one again.
Yeah, this should be submitted for your approval.
Aha, yes, this is Reverend Ivan Stang
in a very compromising position with a goat...
In a very indiscreet position, wouldn't you say?
...wearing a...
a Ronald Reagan mask.
Not Mr. Stang.
Not Mr. Stang, but the goat.
And not his member.
I believe it's a calf, a bull calf.
But the goat.
It is a calf.
It's a calf, a golden calf,
wearing a Ronald Reagan mask.
There's Ivan Stang...
Now, you see something that is obviously illicit drugs
in a bull placed below the calf's mouth.
The female calf.
I'm shocked.
And there, Ivan Stang,
in an act of some type of degraded and depraved...
In an act of degraded...
...propitiation to some hideous god...
...being used as the captain of the...
...god, some elder god of ancient lore.
You heard it here first on the subgenius show.
Reams.
Yes, can I say it?
You can.
It's late enough.
That's what he's doing.
You can until six o'clock.
Viciously.
He's committing animal husbandry.
Animal husbandry without the husband.
Yes, or maybe on the husband, for all we know.
It's a disgusting sight,
and this is going to rip the church wide open,
just like the Swaggart revelations,
just like the...
Years ago.
...backers.
And baker.
When the churches were fun,
and there were scandals and revelations.
And the sun...
It was a different world then.
...and the clouds.
And the forests...
We enjoyed the show, and hope you do too.
Fitting the show into the show hole,
scrubbing gently.
Millions of years ago,
giant reptiles...
You can't see me.
Ha, ha, ha.
He can't see me.
...as a show hole.
He, he.
As a show hole.
Does that show get a little higher?
Long as a collar.
Well, we'll find out.
Any way to crank that little show up there,
and make it, make it tall?
Make it big and strong.
Make it strong and tall, for what I believe.
Like you, little collar.
Well, no, this is me.
His tips are still growing.
Still?
Some tips, eh?
You've got some good tips on the show, eh?
Soon they will fill the road with shoulders.
About the only slack that I get anymore
is worshiping at the Holy Temple of Ioni.
And...
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.



Oh, my.
For Bob, my friend,
Bob is a sex god.
Ain't a bigger abomination in the world
than women wearing men's clothes
and men wearing women's clothes
and people being sexy.
perverts. That's the two of the greatest sins in the world is idolatry, witchcraft, homosexuality,
and men and women wearing the clothes of the opposite sex. It's abomination. And whosoever
do it is abomination. And there's more people today. Their minds are perverted. Their life
is perverted. And they've been given over to a reprobate mind. So many people today,
even people that aren't homosexual, their minds are perverted. It's filled with filth
and it's filled with all the ungodliness and wickedness that comes from the pit of hell.
And you see it on television. You see it in the movie houses. And you see it on the market
stand.
Hey, and how about pornography? Shucks, all you have to do is look around you. Female
body parts are available just about anywhere. Or pick up some picture books with a free
orifice included.
Miracles of Engineering.
Yours for the plugging.
If you don't mind the smell of vinyl.
Now mama's on the bottom and papa's on the top. Baby's in the crib a-hollin', pour it
to her pop job.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Yes, my baby knows.
Now sea is sea and land is land. Can't get my boogie, I can get it by hand.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Hey, Bubba Rebob.
Yes, my baby knows.
Bob, in fact, is sex.
An all-encompassing sex that is the very in-ness.
And surround-ing-ness of the union of both the imam and the uni.
Get the hell off my back and stop adding to that bullshit.
3, 3, & 3, 3.
Tin Tстро Tootin'...
1, 2, 3, 4...
With Tisto...
Head которая...
Storowa...
Storowa...
Storowa...
You got gold in your mouth
We ain't seen no gold since the priest left
You got silver on your wrist
We ain't seen no silver since the airplane crashed last year
You got blue shining skies
We got the sun in our eyes and we're going blind
We don't want your money
We want mine
You got shoes on your feet
We ain't seen no shoes since the soldiers came
You got gold in your mouth
And that ain't really funny
You got blue shining skies
We got the sun in our eyes and we're going blind
We don't want your money
We want mine
If we subscribe, we know we're wasting our time
If we appear, we know we're wasting our time
So if we ask you, baby, like we did before
We don't want your money

We want mine
Ooh, yeah, yeah
We don't want your money
We want mine
We want mine
We want mine
We got lies in your mouth
We're liars
We don't need no truth
Till the kids cry
You got smiles to your lips
Light up
We don't like your smile
You got blue shining skies
We got the sun in our eyes
And we're going blind
We don't want your money
We don't want your money
We don't want your money
We want mine
We want mine
Aah!
We want mine
Yeah!
We want our home
We want our home
Yeah.








So, don't you worry
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
We're mine
Joke! Joke! Joke! Joke! A lot of them can't. The nature of the Church of the Subgenius,
also text a little explaining, the nature of the Church of the Subgenius is that the
Church of the Subgenius will help you pull the wool over your own eyes. That's right,
children. Pull the wool. What do I mean by this, children? Well, ever since you were
a little bitty baby, ever since you were a little girl or a little boy, you've been sold
your family's wool, your church's wool, your school's wool, your government's wool, your
foster's wool. Delusion. And children, when you do, wait, wait, children, when you do,
in five minutes you'll be so bored, you'll do what Bob needs you to do, you'll start
thinking for yourself. That's right. And children, the nature of the Church of the Subgenius,
in this context, in this hall, in this convention, in this hotel, seems absurd, I grant
you, but it's a rule, children. Every great movement, every time mankind has tried to
go forward, there have been the pioneers who spearheaded that movement, children. Pioneers.
And they suffered, children, they suffered. And then behind them, children, like a vast
armada of slugs, have come those who were not smart enough to lead. No, no, they lacked
the brain, but they had a glimmer of intelligence and they could see that something like really
cool was going on here, man. It was like, it was like, it was like, it was like, it was
really cool. So, you know, I just joined up. I just joined up. I'm just a parasitic,
conspiracy, mind-dead dude. We don't need these people, children. We don't want them.
And that's why, in the Church of the Subgenius, we say, no hip whips! No what? No what? No
what? No what? No hip whips!
The next rule of the Church of the Subgenius is very simple and self-explanatory, children.
And that rule is, anybody you see driving a Porsche doesn't deserve it. You deserve it,
children. And you deserve it. And you deserve it. But, children, they don't deserve it.
The next rule of the Church of the Subgenius also takes a little bit of explaining. And
I've been searching for an example, children, and I think I've found it. The Church of the
Subgenius knows, as you do not yet, that the Constitution of the United States is a law
of law. That's, you know, it's a law that you have to allow you to harm any person or
anyone in the world who transgresses your will. It's nothing but, it's a score-for-life
rule that you have to are a煎 winds. Sp vin up against each other. It's a crime that

a DoctorutdÆ mncgøry uóËth, anãd it' hiñd a country in WHAT
WE bow, times.

Burng.
なるne.
killed me. Let me explain this joke. I was in a store. I was in a store one day. I was
purchasing a few objects, or as you say in New Orleans, objays. And I stacked my objays
by the cash register, and something caught my eye on the counter, and I went over to
look at it. Wasn't that interesting? I turned back, and some pink-wimped conspiracy mind
death dude had taken my line, my spotting line, at the cash register. Children, this
was not a minor event. This was the conspiracy incarnate. And I said to him, excuse me, but
I was here first. This was implied. Then, and he said to me, no, you weren't. I was
here first. You may mistake this for a meaningless confrontation, children, but it was the conspiracy
incarnate.
I was here first.
And that's why I was here.
I turned to that man, and I said, I was here first, or kill me!
The next row of the Church of the Subgenius is an intro into the next part of this section
of my preaching, where I'm going to tell you what a subgenius is and what makes a subgenius.
One thing you can always say about subgeniuses is that they pick fields where it takes your
entire life to find them.
And so I want you to praying pray, Done, and listen up.

Children, subgenices are artists, they are writers, they're musicians. They labor in
obscurity, children. They work hard. They work alone. Children, they work alone.
And this is key, children, because the conspiracy wants you to believe that if you are a creative
person, you have to be out there alone. Shut off from the world. In touch with your muse.
Because the conspiracy wants you to believe that you cannot unite people.


children but even the people who have to be alone to work need a community children a collaborative
network and that's why in the church of the subgenius we say individuals get lonely too
but i'm going to tell you that may shock some of you but it's the truth you gave your word that
you were going to send knom that love offering when you made your pledge but some of you ain't
done it yet open your heart close your mind unzip your lips and bend over to pull out that wallet
but i'll meet any of you pink punks with your 20 that you haven't sent in
you bookworms in any dark alley for a match with your choice of weapons
dear friends we need that money i believe that you know how little money this station has to run on
i know because i've seen it
i
i
I've been in the temple i i i took the thing that bob made me drink and i saw i saw you in the spirit
in the vision i saw it coming and your check coming in the mail oh yes then you don't have
to think about it anymore then you won't feel the guilt the annoying and tickling incessant
horror that eats away at your guts every time you listen to mail that money in now if you want
that's k-n-o-n box 710909
dallas 75371 and i'll be right here
today
oh this is timothy larry reminding you that just as you need slack k-n-o-n needs your help
send in those pledges and praise bob i believe you can make this world a better place to live in
people really don't listen without pain do they they must be bad people
see the problem with the believers is they think we're loaded already
you're not going to be able to make it to the top of the world
and we are but we don't have any money so few are ready to put their beliefs on the line
the line where you sign your name on that check oh i don't i just as soon get k-n-o-n for free
i don't have a spare ten dollars because i'm going to spend it on cigarettes and liquor or even worse
by pretending to be a subgenius and pledging but never even actually sending the check
huh
get on the stick man promising ain't enough faith is not enough but your paid up pledge is enough
so reach down deep into that most sacred organ of your body your wallet so send that financial
blessing to k-n-o-n p.o box 710909 in mighty dallas texas
753
371
and let there be slack
oh yes friends and this is uh coming up here is an old old lenny bruce tape uh from the lenny bruce
at carnegie hall album um you know you younger listeners out there may not know the legend of
great lenny bruce but he really did die for our sins and more than
one wire
change okay i weigh 150 pounds today this is correct
good taste today but 20 years ago i was in the back of the magazine on the beach
i was kicking sand in my face yeah yeah i can that was it this 20 is forgetting why don't you put
some weight on you look i got consumption by pricing your father man is a man he's got a gut
that's a man with a big busto not today man
concentration fuck right there dude now stop it stop it man stop it
He's had it.
But he may come back.
Of course he will.
I'm a definite conformist.
Yeah, otherwise I would have thrown that tie away with a horse on it.
Why'd I throw it away, man?
Still good.
Because I was out of step.
Had to throw it away, man.
Those kind of schlubs say,
I'm not going to be your slave to fashion.
You sure will, man.
You'll hold on to that brown and white shoe seen with the double-breasted suit.
And when that single breast came in in 1950,
you know, I'm going to wear the one-button roll.
I'm not going to...
I got five suits and Buddy Lee's and that's all I'm going to wear.
I'm not going to change.
And yeah, all of a sudden you're ridiculous with that suit.
When it gets to bonds, you've had it.
When Ripley starts to cook with it, then it's for following.
And anyone is definitely rationalizing and says,
all beauty is either beholder.
Not so.
You have, from motion picture, been brainwashed.
I've been.
I assume you've been.
A certain...
Interesting face you'll buy.
And any chick who comes out with an ear growing out here,
you're not going to tell me she's beautiful, man.
Interesting face, yeah.
But as far as being horny looking, forget it then.
No.
Conversation piece.
Can do jokes with her.
Have headaches.
I'm deaf now.
Okay.
But as far as really being...
So I figure, what could you do to get a good composite?
What is beauty to you?
To build a girl singer.
A chick that would come out the most jaded column
off a guild from the New York Times.
Anyway.
Alex Freeman from the Enquirer.
How was your week?
What's with it?
And they've seen everything.
Dick Chapp, Newsweek.
Now a chick comes out that makes you all go,
look at that.
What could you do?
A gown, they've done.
Hairstyle, they've done.
Voice, they've done.
What kind of a chick?
Any kind.
Even the Grey Line tours,
the chicks were all dressed up with a high-necked,
and a broken-out backs, man.
Chicks who come out who have those wrist corsages.
Yeah, the dial is gone, man.
That's when you know you're really rich, boy,
when you can throw away that red velvet box
that the Longine Wittenauer comes in, yeah.
Just throw it away, man.
Because cufflinks and collistays are out,
so what's it gonna do?
You can sleep in the button basket.
Yeah.
What would I do
that would really make you all look up?
Chick comes out,
and a gimmick,
hair under her arms.
Think about it.
Hair under her arms, man.
But you don't give it away right away.
No.
There's a couple of ballads.
Guess who I saw today, my dear?
Grabbing their eating.
Mama, Freddie!
What?
Did you see?
Did you see?


Uh...
I don't know.
Uh, the lights, I think, in here.
Oh, no.
Now she really got this guy pinned.
So the owner sees,
look at that.
Look who's looking.
He never looks at anything.
Pops Whitaker's really pinned.
He's really looking now, right?
But now he's waiting for the flash again,
but no.
A couple of ballads and walks.
Now all the columnists start talking to her.
But they talk to her this way.
Gee, you're very good.
And they try real trick ways.
He's like,
where's the dressing room?
It's over there.
Uh, um...
And the owner,
what's with it?
They're always after her.
And they're talking to her.
Their heads are always like this.
Now they come back every night.
She does it once or twice a week.
I think, like, um...
Cut your arms over.
There it is.
There's what?
That chick's got hair under her arms.
Ah, you're out of your mind, man.
That's disgusting.
It's a terrible taste.
Well, I thought that
the first time I thought I saw it.
And I went home and I just, uh...
I've been back here six times this weekend.
You don't know what a release it was
to see her do that, man.
I just never thought she'd do it again there.
But she's really got a bush under there, man.
It's kind of...
Now, when I first went home, I said,
that, I can't believe that a contemporary woman
is disgusting.
It's a horrendous taste.
But then I started to think.
Is it in bad taste from a theological concept?
Is it blasphemous?
Is it against...
Is it against God?
No.
Is it hygiene?
Certainly not.
No, it doesn't relate to hygiene at all.
If it related to hygiene,
then you would have to be consistent
and shave the eyebrows, the head,
the schmushky, the whole bit.
So it does not relate to hygiene at all.
What does it relate to?
Style.
That's all custom.
Style.
Fashionable.
That's all.
It only relates to fashion.
That's all.
Has no other...
That's the validity in a fashion.
All right.
Now, but to have the chick come out
with just hair under her arms,
the viewer would not buy it
because they would say,
anybody can do that.
It has to be a wish I could.
Maybe I...
But this is what you can do.
So you have to give it some style.
Cut it a little.
Close.
Keep it low in the back.
And give it some form.
Maybe shave it.
Give it like a pyramid.
Like that.
Some chickens,
I think I go,
hey, there's a chicken with hair under her arms.
Yeah, but it's different.
It's...
She takes care of herself.
Yeah.
That's it.
Yep.
Yep.
It's different.
Probably can't let him get to the punchline on that one.
I'm afraid.
Because I don't know where it comes up.
And we have to leave
because Robert Wisdom's American Music Party
is about to start up.
In fact, we're getting off late here.
Can't believe he's not breathing down my neck.
Stay tuned for Slack
in the form of American Music Party.
You are listening to...
Point 3 FM
in Dallas, Texas.
And if you want more information
on the Church of the Subgenius,
just write to Bob.
Have that pencil ready?
Bob at P.O. Box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214.
And, uh, yeah.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
This is KN它.
89.3 FM Dallas. I'm Robert Wisdom. This is the American Music Party. It's 10.01.
And this is an instrumental show, I think number 25 or so, somewhere around there.
Anyway, tonight's gonna be mostly a tribute to Roy Buchanan playing a whole
bunch of instrumentals by Roy Buchanan, the late guitar player.
¶¶
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
