What the hell do you think you're doing?
Dragging your butt through the day, selling body and soul to a bunch of bland normals?
Acting stupid so they'll think you're one of them?
Tired of getting all of the guilt, but none of the sex?
There is a simple answer, dear friend.
A glowing beacon of slack amidst the turmoil and darkness.
It's J.R. Bob Dobbs, the living slack master in his church of the subgenius.
Bob brings a new destiny for the abnormal.
For Bob comes to justify our sins, to unmask the conspiracy, and to get us back the slack they stole away.
It's us versus them.
Are you going to fry in hell on earth alongside the pink boys?
Or will you pull the wool over your own eyes and accept Bob into your mind?
Repent, quit your job, slack off, and praise Bob!
Church of the subgenius.
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
Oh yeah!
If I'd be old, I'd die in religion.
If I'd be old, I'd die in religion.
If I'd be old, I'd die in religion.
Cause if it's good enough, alright.
If it was good for Moses and Aaron.
If it was good for David and Solomon.
Daniel, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.
Alright, Dallas.
The subgenius.
Hey you!
Hey you!
Day by day, you will become more and more relaxed.
Each day you will experience a new, delightful sense of quiet peace and perfect contentment.
This enjoyable sensation will launch you into...
The subgenius!
It's our house.
What?
It is showtime.
And it is your time.
And the show must go on, baby.
Come with me and you will see.
We are stepping high.
What is the name of our show?
Subgenius Radio Ministry.
Hour of Splat.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
Now, boys and girls, let's feel we can dance to the rhythm of stepping high.
If you are ready, let's go and dance.
Let's do that time step and dance.
Here, Bob, here's your hat. Put this part on.
Here we go.
Now, drive this station down.
Shaddock Avenue.
There's never gonna stop.
Ain't got no spare.
We haven't got a spare for this program.
We don't have a jack for this program.
We don't even have any hydraulic foil for this program.
We're just gonna drive until this program caves in.
Go and go and go.
Good. This is Rand Hoark.
And this is Stimson J. Catt of the Rand and Stimpy Show.
And you're listening to the Hour of Slack.
Keep listening, you idiots.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Else I shall kill you.
This constant barrage of sex and nudity by the media,
which Mary was alluding to, that there's just so much of it now
when you look at the movies that they have and just what's on TV, it's unbelievable.
And it's been deemed that anything not good for you is bad, hence illegal.
Alcohol, caffeine, contact sports, meat.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
Swatch.
Swatch.


Toys, chocolate, gasoline, uneducational toys, and anything spicy.
Abortion is also illegal, but then again, so is pregnancy if you don't have a license.
Caveman, let's finish with all the Rip Van Winkle and get moving.
All right.
Job is a job.
Accordingly, we feel it to be most appropriate to pay homage
to this most auspicious and solemn occasion.
Reverend Susie,
this most auspicious and solemn occasion.
In which to acquire the proper frame of mind and spirit,
all subgenius divivals have begun in this solemn traditional manner.
Since the beginning.
We invite everyone listening to join with us now in a sacred moment of
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!

No!
No!
No!

No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!





Join with us to destroy all normals.
Join with us once again, because it's time for Bob and Connie Face Life.
Yes.
It's that magic moment.
That instant of ooze.
That second of squirt, where the squirt meets the ooze and the spew meets the road.
Dear friends, this is the ever-present, ever-effervescent Atlanta subgenius radio ministry.
And a mighty radio ministry it shall be.
Yes, dear friends, a mighty hot dog is our ministry.
And it is here, it is here on this station at this appointed time each week.
Praise Bob!
That the Reverend Susie the floozy and I, your obedient sea serpent, the Reverend Mike Ruffon, shall stand in judgment.
Ranting and raving to the rude rooftops, screeching our tires and our voices against the all-powerful,
often subtle and ever more relentless onslaught of the norms.
The normal conspiracy, the nude world order, them, the pink boys and girls who stole your slack away.
On the very day you are bored into this veil of tears, in your ears dripping in your beers, it's us against them.
And Bob is on our side, dear friends.
Praise his sweet name, J.R.!
Bob Dobbs, the living slack master.
So until the exist saucer fleet arrives, four and one half years from this day,
to totally subjugate this pitiful planet and to usher all the card-carrying members of the mighty church of the subgenius
on board those fantastic escape vessels of the sex goddesses,
we shall be here, dear friends, manning the barricade.
Spanning the virtual globe to bring you the constant variety of butt-kicking weirdness and brazen bull-dotter
you have come to expect from that wildly hilarious, yet somehow deeply inspiring,
world-wide beacon of slack that is the church of the subgenius.
Praise Bob!
The end.


Oh, yeah.
No kidding.
You gotta try this thing.
Yeah, you gotta.
You won't believe this thing.
This thing.
If you really want to.
Oh, but only if you really want to.
Well, uh, yes, praise Bob.
Bob, and that was Reverend Microphone there with that introductory rant from the very first broadcast in Atlanta of Bob's Slack Time Funhouse show.
They're on Noble Station, WREK.
That Reverend Microphone shares that show with the lovely and infamous Reverend Susie the Floozy.
Yes, dear friends, we're trying to get used to some new equipment here tonight.
Slightly different show situation.
But I did want to share with you some mail.
We rarely do that.
Actually, we get an awful lot of letters and mail here at the Subgenius Foundation headquarters.
But this one might be more important than most.
This came, was written anonymously, was mailed from somewhere in North Texas.
But it says here, Dear Reverend Stang, I write this letter from the confines of the
cell hidden deep in the desert of Nevada, or so I am told to believe.
I was a uncover, a spy revealing the truths hidden by our government.
Recently, I had set upon the most hidden secret of the U.S. government, the Omniret anti-contra fission bomb
encased in a missile hidden within the leather straps of the Bible Belt.
This supposedly religious community, Johnstown, Missouri, is actually a secret military base set up to ready and maintain this missile.
This missile is set to launch at a location only my rod of feet away, the center of modern day America.
This missile is set to destroy all of the, quote, united, unquote, states in one giant mushroomic explosion.
When the grand revolution expected by the government to happen at any time, caused by any one of the many revolutionary organizations such as yourself, period.
The most horrid part of all is the fact that the launching is controlled by the president's order.
At any time, he could blow the entire America to oblivion while he and his communistic lackeys hide in underground bomb shelters.
I send this letter to you through a line of friends, a secret network.
I feel your media broadcast of this doomed future may beat out the missile itself.
We need action now!
This is my last contact with the outside world as I fear my destruction is currently being breathed in the disgusting placenta of the governmental cover-up.
So I would like to tell everybody listening, if you've got a chance, join the communist party and fight the secret Nazis in Washington, D.C. and around the United States and in the West.
The underground are coming.
The communist underground is directed by General Douglas MacArthur and Charles De Gaulle and his staff in heaven.
You will be rewarded on earth and in heaven if you join the communist party which is underground for fighting the Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan and all these right-wingers who don't believe in freedom for anybody but the white people.
Oh, thank you, Dan Ashwander.
And this letter here, dear friends, yet another letter that I think could be important.
Reverend Stang, this envelope should have a dollar in it. I think it did.
Send nothing in return but tell Bob I'm keeping the faith alive. Feel the word, feel the world.
But honestly, why is the average Ameri-schmuck an unknowingly nihilistic host body to a vampirizing Nazi?
A dancing techno-phantom in an invisibility three-piece suit while at the same time believing in some TV dream of glory, righteousness and greatness?
Everything in the culture is fading right out into cheap machine-gun giggle and square-jawed Gestapo freaks glorified by primetime pimps and cool bodies at retail prices and Prozac come-on lines.
In a shock-proof manner, another generation, the millennium generation, is about to enter and be forged, decanted into one body under invisible technocrats who speak in binary love poems that mean nothing.
As if it doesn't happen all the time, right? Can we lock up our daughters? No?
Well then, what shall it be? A red-hot poker up the place where Bob don't care to look?
And two grams of Soma-Prozac. Sincerely, Reverend Michael Now.
Well, Reverend Now, you're right. Things aren't looking up and we're in serious, serious trouble.
Sometimes I wonder if I know where I'm going.
I go for a walk like this.
And it seems...
I have been walking for years and years and years.
And I don't know where I'm going.
I hear the sound leading me on.
And I don't know where it is taking me.
I see people rushing someplace.
They seem to know where they're going.
And they're getting there in such a hurry.
But where am I going?
You know where you're going.
Maybe you could tell me.
And then I could go along with you.
What's the matter with you, bud? You in a fog?
I'm sorry.
I figure that...
someday everything will clear up.
And then...
I'll know where I'm going.
Sometimes I feel as if I'm getting closer.
Like now.
Yes, I am getting closer.
You hear?
The sound is getting louder.
Yes.
But it's getting blacker.
And blacker.
And blacker.
Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!

Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!

Help!
Help!
Help!
Help!
Oh, dear friend.
Sometimes I know just how...
Ken Nordeen feels there.
I gotta admit it.
I'm doing the show in a new and strange place.
I'm not used to it.
It's not the...
studio of K-N-O-N.
The Dallas station where this show used to originate.
No...
No far from it.
I'll attempt to describe to you the room I'm speaking from.
It's...
It's vast.
Like a...
cross between Grand Central Station and some...
measureless cavern.
Control processor on.
Airlock's closed.
Airlock's closed. Okay.
The...
The ceilings here must be...

...must be at least fifty feet high,
arched and...
Arched and...
arched and... life-supporting systems.
arched and... life-supporting systems.
vaulted like a cathedral.
vaulted like a cathedral.
You're welcome.
Uh, there's, uh...
And there's...
slack-jawed and...
... slack-jawed and...
and oddly blank-faced people
and oddly blank-faced people in filthy uniforms
shuffling to and fro and
pushing carts of what looked like
pushing carts of what looked like
mailing envelopes
and cancelled checks
and audio tapes.
A kind of cyclopean altar dominates the room.
Robed priests and mendicants scurry about with collection plates beneath the gigantic statue of a smiling man with a pipe.
The section where I'm sitting now is ringed with electronic equipment stacked high.
There's screens, keyboards, amplifiers, and other machines whose true functions can only be guessed at.
Even this microphone I'm using is of some unearthly design.
The headphones possess an alien sibilance, as if the atmosphere here was somehow rarefied.
You can probably faintly hear the nuclear-powered church air propagating.
The processing device throbbing and humming in the background.
And the huge robo-guard dogs out in the parking lot barking at some intruder or Jehovah's Witness.
We're doing the show from Subgenius Foundation headquarters, dear friends.
For it seems the homey little public-supported station in Dallas, the K-N-O-N, is no longer there.
At least the old station manager is no longer there.
And the new station manager doesn't feel that the church of the subgenius properly, as he puts it,
doesn't properly empower low and moderate income people, as they say.
Uh-huh. Well, yes.
So they don't want us to do our show at their studios anymore.
Last week was the last hour of Slack show.
And Dallas subgenius has gone to hear, well, that's just fine.
They won't have Reverend Stang to kick around anymore.
Yeah.
But, but they cannot stop us from doing our show.
They can stop the people in Dallas from hearing it, but they cannot...
Well, I concede that they could also stop people from hearing it in Cleveland and Atlanta and Northern New York.
And New Jersey and New York and Chicago and Stanford University and in Madison and in Detroit and Windsor, Canada and in Los Angeles and Philly and Houston.
But they can't stop us from doing it.
And we'll keep doing this show even if the only people that hear it are us.
Me and the dog here and you.
This, this I vow, my friends.
Bob them. Bob them.
For they...
Could not take the joke.
And it doesn't matter one whit, not one jot, nor tittle of difference to show output.
Except that from now on, I'll have to imagine the psychic feedback of listeners rather than experiencing it and feeding off of it directly.
Well, anyway, I'm going to quit talking about it now.
It's no big deal.
It's no skin off of my teeth.
I'm just going to run all these wonderful tapes and independent CDs that we have stacked up around here like normal.
I promise I won't keep bitterly griping about getting canceled in Dallas anymore.
I don't want to be accused of having the Stern Syndrome.
This is a church, not a personality cult.
Or rather, it's a personality cult.
For Bob.
Was it good for you?
Ah.
Oh, let's get back on the, haha, beaten track.
Yeah, unless you get the idea that the Church of the Subgenius is but a pocket of crazies in Dallas, this show should dispel that wild fancy.
Subgeniuses are all over the damn place.
They're coming out of the woodwork like worms out of a hot cheese log.
And it's not a sudden thing.
I joined the church back in 81.
And for a dozen years, I've been witlessing for Bob.
Oh, I've had to single-handedly perform a heap of smitens and deflowering since I became an uber-woman of the cloth.
And not much cloth, either.
Oh, honey, I think you need to turn up the synths around right now.
An aerobicized of Francis Cannon, the singing psychic.
As she predicts the past that could have happened back in 87.
She may not be on key, but she's damn sure in tune with the cosmos.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!

Woo!












Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!

Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!

gray-capped弽
RAWbit
It's waitingρ
You wanna dance here together on UBSーメ
Come back here.
Yeah, you can also fly.
I think I could play it alone.








Woo!


and follow her.

Keep advinangْ

Come on.
and all of you einglai.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Down in Mexico I hear another earthquake coming, oh no.
Better get ready.
In 1987, in December, California's gonna shake.
Oh no, I think the land is just rebelling
from all this junk we've been putting down in our earth.
When I look around I see South America
just shaking and grumbling all about.
Mount Helen's gonna really view her top.
She's gonna blow it big, she's gonna roll in thunder.
Mud is going to fly and rocks are going to fly right out.
And when I look about I see
that Alaska's going to become a warmer state.
By 1988 we better really hold our breath.
I'd rather not do bad or just pray real hard
that our land will change,
and that the earthquakes won't be so bad
as I see them in myself.
When I look around, I hear all the grumbling going on ..
In Europe all around, it's been good.

It's gonna be a very big year for earthquakes, for earthquakes coming in this year.
Oh boy, Francis Cannon, the singing psychic.
Oh, I love that woman's atonal nasality.
Huh.
Oh, so how are we doing, Mike?
Uh, maybe I've had it backwards all along.
Maybe I've had it all backwards all along.
Let's just look at what I played on that last hour of slack.
The last show, done just before we got canceled,
happened to be a show on which we played two songs that made fun of liberals, yes?
Of course, for nine years.
We always made fun of the conservative fundamentalist idiots,
but not quite as often, not often enough,
have we made fun of the liberal idiots.
The liberal Nazis.
And we did that.
And why, the next thing we know, we've been canceled from this liberal radio station.
Could it be?
No.
No.
And it's been a year.
And it's been a year.
And it's been a year.
And it's been a year.
Oh, no.
I guess the next thing that happened was when the television set in Melbourne.
Stan got upset, and rightly so.
I tried to think of a valid reason for subjecting myself to this kind of experience once.
It must have been the peer pressure.
No fun at all.
No fun at all.
Been no fun at all.
Oh, shit.
Ho, ho, ho.
Well, now we have to start doing this show in the car.
Huh?
Oh, is that your mace?
Yep.
Well, hey, no, seriously, we've got to do this show now in the car.
This is the way we're going to have to do this show from now on.
Ah, yes.
Hey, don't start, you're starting, don't burn up the front seat.
It's not that cold.
Actually, that's not a real fire, folks.
That's a sound effect caused by a bag full of bags, plastic bags that we're taking back


to the supermarket to be recycled.
But it sounds just like a warm crackling fire, doesn't it?
Yes, by the magic of you, Dwight, you would think we were recording this in the car on
a broken, handheld little Radio Shack deck with only one microphone working, the one-eared
Cyclops deck.
And this is the new studio for the subgenius radio ministry.
Our of Slack.
Now that radio station KNON, where we used to originate the show, is suddenly, as of
about an hour ago, no more.
We yet strive to continue to bring the word of Bob to you, our beloved listeners, our
dear, dear friends, those who have supported the word of Bob.
Our dear friends.
Our radio ministry.
Our outreach through the years on all these other far, far nobler stations.
Well, I shouldn't say that, actually.
KNON was a great station.
It was truly a beacon of Slack in the murky airwaves of the modern world.
But it is no more.
And so without background.
Well, we could have background music.
We don't, we can't do fancy mixing, but we couldn't do very fancy mixing before.
Let's turn and see what's on KNON.
That's ironic.
These are goodbye shows.
We've got to do some music.






These are people's last shows.
I ought to be tape recording this.
You know, it's a good thing they didn't tell me that it was my last show.
I would have done things the FCC would never, ever forgive.
They wouldn't be able to come up with a fine large enough to handle the things I would
have played and said on our last show.
We're going to do a little bit of a dance.
We're going to do a little bit of a dance.


We're going to do a little bit of a dance.
Yeah.
If that works.











Those probably are his songs, but it's not him doing them.
I've got Charlie Manson doing his songs.
You know what?
I've got a lot of Charlie Manson stuff.
Yeah, today in Mr. Barnett's class, one of my friends goes,
Mr. Barnett said something like blah, blah, blah, blah, and Charlie Manson.
Then one of the kids in my class goes, Charlie Manson's my hero, man.
He's cool.
Seventh graders.
Mr. Barnett goes, it's one of the kids.
I knew from Lipscomb.
Mr. Barnett goes, if you think that you're sick.
I almost said, my dad says to free Charlie Manson.
We're going to free him, man.
Before we go shopping, let's go free Charlie.
No, we better go shopping first.
Then we go free Charlie Manson.
We got to free Charlie, man.
We'll get some bourbon.
Yeah, we'll get some bourbon.
We'll go over to Poteet High School and get some of the boys.
We'll go free Charlie Manson.
And we won't turn the videotape in on time.
We'll free Charlie instead.
No, no, no, I know, I know.
We won't rewind it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Now let's see how this.
Whoa.
Let's see how this mixes down in the back.
You see, it's in, there's been some, the biggest hassle is, like, I don't know, I don't


want to say that, but I had to change my technical setup, friends.
K&ON did have better equipment than we have here.
We've had to take this ancient, Spider Egg bee-fowled four track reel to reel deck purchased
from a junkie in 1984 and figure out how to convert its four noisy volume pots into a
mixing device.
And what secondary playback deck do I use?
Do I even have a secondary playback deck?
No.


deck that works worth a flying hooey? These are all questions that we're about to try to answer.
I'm gonna go on down to Radio Shack and see, I don't know, I just have to before I set up my,
reset up and reconfigure my editing system to become a mixing system. I just have to see what
my options are. That's all, I just want to see what the options are! I mean, for all I know,
the mixer down there is on sale! Maybe it's not a hundred dollars, maybe for some reason they've
got a floor model, it's, they're trying to get rid of for 25 bucks, and maybe that's, maybe it's
down there, and I'd be stupid not to go down there, so of course I've got to go down there
and try to improve my studio situation here.
And, uh...
We're gonna turn this stupid piece of junk into some kind of a half-butted radio studio!
Will! Knock down that retaining wall! I want that down to two o'clock!
Tevis! Tevis!
What?
I want you to line these walls with your collection of egg cartons and stuffed animals!
And I want every square inch of surface covered!
Doug! I'm afraid you're gonna have to put your precious dogs to sleep! They might bark while I'm ranting!
Will, call Connie! Will! Call Connie on the hotline and see if Bob's back planetside yet!
Yes, sir!
And tell those outraged Dallas listeners outside that they can start pledging to me instead of the station if they want their weekly dosages!
I'm damn glad to do everything around here!
Where's the, what's this tape? This tape isn't even labeled!
What good is an unlabeled tape? It might as well be blank!
You fools! You insipid fools!
Give me that! Give me, let me show you how to cut a damn tape!
No.
Well, see, it works pretty good right now.
I mean, it's not really all that bad if you want to yell and scream and do a show to a Michelle!
You can do it from over here, I guess!
Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it!
But then if you have to get quiet, you don't need to do it a little bit more like this.
Then you get to stand back and yell like this!
Then you have to get in like this.
Oh, you're doing it here, sir.
Can I hear myself at all?
Really?
I don't know.
Really?
Yes.
Does one thing on the machine?
And it does another thing on the other machine.
It does another thing on the other machine.
It's out there.
We shut that off.
The background's okay, but I'm noticing a dip on the left channel now.
What happens if we wiggle this around a little bit?
Well, it's all staying right in the middle.
Jack with my...
It's that left, that upper left output has been bad, bad, bad.
Now the right is bad.
Oh, okay.
It's judicious twisting of the...
Why does it do that sometimes?
Myself.
Now what happens if we wiggle this over a little higher?
Because, friends, I'd be doing this show in some kind of a loud voice.
And I'd need to be able to hear my background music.
I actually can hear my background music, but I don't know if it's right.
I just don't know.
Twisting.
I don't know if it's right or wrong.
Everything's different.
Change the volume on that background music.
You can do that.
I can actually reach over there and do that.
Bring it up like that.
Bring it right back down.
Balance it up.
Turn that up.
It hurts.
Okay, I'll get that balanced.
Hey, it's the equipmentless creature.
It's the
I don't have to.
That's the problem.
I now have the hated option of a take two.
I don't want the option of a retake.
I want to have to rush to put the show together by a certain time.
I want to know that there are thousands of people out there.
Thousands of years listening at that moment, ready and eager for me to screw up royally.
Some stupid mistake that they can pounce on as a sign of weakness.
I'm an emergentile subgenius.
I enjoy that feeling of panic.
For I am committed to proving that I, as a subgenius and a child of Bob, do not care what you think.
Now I want to entertain you and educate you in the ways of slag.
And certainly we want to sell you Bob's wisdom.
But so badly do I want to prove to you that I don't care how stupid you think I am.
That I'm going to try to deliberately continue to do these shows in one take.
Even if it means you hear me screw up.
Because otherwise it isn't radio.
It's just recording.
And there's a difference.
We're going to keep it that way.
And Bob them if they can.

Take a joke.
Uh, yes ma'am.
I'm, uh, this is Dr. Wadlington.
I'm trying to reach Moo, Dr. Gray.
Did, uh, Roland leave word where he was going to be?
Uh, Dr. Gray is not on call.
He's not on call.
Okay, well I'm Moo over here at the hospital.
And we, uh, there's a new case of his.
Um.
And I, I really Moo need to talk to him.
He doesn't answer Moo at home.
Okay, you called him at home.
Yes, Moo.
Huh?
Uh, yes I did and there's no Moo answer at home.
No Moo answer?
I'm sorry ma'am.
Well I called him several times.
Moo, there was no answer.
Did he move?
Did Moo leave word where, uh, he was going to be later this evening?
Uh, no he's, they don't call in if they're not on call.
But he hasn't Moo called in at all Moo tonight?
Uh.
Ma'am?
Uh, no I haven't talked to Dr. Wadlington.
I mean Dr. Gray.
Yeah, this is Dr. Wadlington.
Yeah.
Yeah, Moo.
I'm, uh, Moo have you heard?
Moo, uh, Dr. Doak?
Cause I'm the only one on call tonight Moo.
Is Dr. Doak on call?
Is, uh, Bill on call?
Yes, Dr. Doak is on call.
Moo, um, well that's funny.
I tried calling Moo, Bill, uh, about half hour ago.
And, uh, he wasn't there.
Moo, do you have his?
What, what is Moo?
You keep saying Moo.
What is Moo?
Uh, I'm sorry.
I'm just trying to reach, uh, either, either my partner.
I'm not saying Moo.
I'm trying to figure out why you keep calling me Moo.
Excuse me, ma'am?
Huh?
What's that?
Uh, you keep saying Moo.
Well, I'm in the hospital right now.
Uh, we have a, uh, very sick, uh, little girl here on Moo trying to reach, uh, either, either the, uh, doctor's Moo.
Because I haven't worked with this Moo patient before.
Just a moment.
Just a moment.
Okay.
Just a moment.
Just a moment.
Okay.
Just a moment.


Just a moment.



Just a moment.



Hello, sir?
Moo, yes.
You, you're Dr. Wasington?
Moo, yes.
Yes, I'm trying to reach Moo, uh, either of my Moo partners.
Uh, here, this is Dr. Stokes.
Hello?
Moo, Bill.
Hello, here, this is Dr. Stokes.
You don't, you don't have a phone.

It's Dr. Wadlington.
Uh-huh.
You know that girl you were treating yesterday?
Who are you talking about?
I believe a Stinson girl. She had some kind of ulcer, herniated thing or something.
No, I don't know about that. It's Dr. Cook.
Yeah. Well, Moo, I'm trying to figure out what drugs were moved.
I think actually Moo, it was Dr. Gray that was handling that.
No, I don't know. I don't have any information on that.
Okay.
Well, Moo, you didn't, Moo, handle any of that.
No, no.
Son.
Mom.
Son, just please, Moo, bring me a cup of tea.
Moo, all right.
Moo, Moo, Moo.
And that's the Philly, or the Pittsburgh, I guess, the Pittsburgh Fightsters.
Yeah.
The mighty Fightsters.
The mighty Fightsters.
Telephone art submitted, in this case, by our good friend, Lou Minotti.
We hope to bring you more of the Fightsters and their ilk as timers.
Stay tuned.
We're serving by reference.
Don't miss it if you can.
The new caller comes into view.
If I just have one question, please, to ask you.
Yes?
If I just have one question, please, to ask you.






Oh, that's it.
Thanks a lot.
I want to ask you, when people pay money to your station, why do you just play on the
radio?
Why do we just play on the radio?
Yes.
People give their money to your station, and you act like you're, you know, babies
or something.
It's our religion that makes us act this way.
Might have a problem checking that very thing out.
There's one now.
Now, you see right here?
See, this thing's too small.
Look on the projector, sir.
Can't do that.
Now, you see right here?
See this thing?
Can you see there on projector number two?
Oh, the acupuncture of the baby is now taking place.
Just because of the baby.



That's the kind of thing our religion does for us.
It really makes us feel alive.
Ah, yes.
Do you have another question, sir?
Oh, he's gone.
Well, in true form, anyway, some of the foundations have given up trying to talk because of the
current atmospheric condition.
You know, it's true.
All right?
Good.
Well, nothing's happening here.
The prayer session has started, and the interior mode has begun.
All pervading sadness.
It's not anything you've done.
It's nothing in a bad or negative reflection of the world.

It's nothing in a bad or negative reflection of the program.
It's just that, to be honest with you, brutally, in that two things are at work here.
Number one, addressing the needs and empowering the lowest moderate income constituency of
what we're talking about, our listening area.
And then secondly, supporting it to make that mission work.
Okay?
These are the two things, period, that I'm dealing with right now at the direction of
the board.
But I'm the mechanic.
I've got to make it work.
They're telling me what I've got to do.
I've got to be very proactive.







I've got to be very prudent.
I've got to be very prudent.
I don't see how I can justify what you're doing as a low- and moderate-income empowerment
program.
But change, for the betterment, is going to cause tension.
And nobody's going to agree.
You have fun with it.
Thanks a bunch.
Relight me now.
I just will.
Bye.
All right.
Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith.

Mr. Smith.




Mr. Smith.
Mr. Smith.




Mr. Smith.
It may have been the way it happened, Mr. Stang, but suppose it wasn't?
You've got to trust us when you need a friend to find us.
You've got to look within.
You've got to trust us.
You've got to trust us before you turn to dust.
Before you turn to dust.
You've got to see it.
Before you see.
You've got to see it.
Before your feet.
Ah!
We ain't the dead preachin' preachers, dead preachers preachin' dead sermons to dead congregations!
They're tired of cold services and cold churches!
This world is hungry for reality!
They've had enough of Hollywood.
They've had enough of Nashville.
They've had enough of show business!
And now, the soft genius, Howard Ross.
I bet you he forgot a couple of words, though.



I'm very brutally honest with you.
I don't see how I can justify what you're doing as a low and moderate income empowerment program.
And this comes from a couple of sources, not just me, but I also deal with the media committee appointed by the board
to also oversee what it is that the community may or may not want.
And that's really what it comes down to, what the community representatives say they may or may not want.
I'll wait around the train station.
Wait for that train.
But take me away.
Lord, take me the hell away from here.
Take me from this lonesome town.
Too bad you don't have a mother.
Too bad you don't have a mother.
Too bad your people.
Too bad your people.
I look for rainbows and all I see is pink blue.
Look for flowers.
I see crap all over the oval room rug.
I look for father figures and I get Richard Milhouse, Nixon, and Spiro Agnew.
I look for love and all I get is napalm.
Too bad, man.
Too bad about that napalm, daddy-o.
Too bad about that napalm, daddy-o.
But I think we're gonna just relax back here and see how this works.
See how this particular little microphoning situation really works.
I'm not sure that it works with a lady who's a poet.
Or is she?
Go ahead.
Okay.
An explanation, and I think you do this.
I mean, it's not anything you...
I mean, it's not anything you...

It's done.
It's nothing in a bad or negative reflection of the program.
That's not true.
And the two things are done and empowered the low and moderate income constituency of what we're talking about.
I'm thinking it.
Secondly, it's important to make work.
And the programming's gotta conform with...
The programming's gotta conform with...
The programming's gotta conform with...
The programming's gotta conform with...
It's gotta conform with a low and moderate income empowerment program.
I don't see how I can justify what you're doing as a low and moderate income...
Empowerment...
Empowerment program.
Empowerment program.
Empowerment program.

Empowerment program.
Empowerment program.
Empowerment program.
Empowerment program.







Empowerment program.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Well, I'm sorry, my friends,
but we aren't going to spend our precious
slack-powered show whining about
unfair housing. No, we're
going to spend it whining about
unfair radio.
We're here to do radio.
Real radio.
We try to give you something to
imagine.
Not just the
Limpolly and Sternonian
commentary. Nay!
Nor even mere interactive comedy.
But radio!
While you invoke
the imagination.
Dramatic radio!
Yes, that's the way
that we should handle the show tonight.
Yes, not in bitter hate.
It's not like we haven't been expecting
something like this every week for the last
nine years, though.
To tell the truth, I consider
it a miracle that any hours
of slack ever got broadcast
anywhere, much less
441 of them.
But that's
okay. It's no big deal.
It doesn't hurt my feelings that they
canceled the show in Dallas.
I'm above all that petty
bitterness and mere
hume anger.
Let's get back to this nice, light
entertainment here, friends.
...
...
...
...
...
...


...
...


...


...
...




...
...
...
...
...
...

...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Come back and buy this thing, buy this thing
Come back and buy this thing
And put it all in my shoe
In my shoe
Put, put, put
No
No
Dear friends, I think I can tell
That the old four-track deck here ain't gonna do it
We're gonna have to go out and get a proper mix board somehow
By hook or by crook
I'll admit it
I can't wait to see what they play tonight in Dallas
In place of Hour of Slack
What the Hour of Slack listeners will tune into and be disappointed by
Yeah
You know, of course, the problem with all this is
What if, what if the listeners aren't disappointed by that?
What if the replacement show is better?
Some other weird show
What if it's the Hour of, uh, laxness
And it's better?
What if they were right to cancel the Hour of Slack?
No, no, no
Even
Even
Even
Even











It does get me spittering and sputtering, friends
But I must remember that people will be praising Bob for long, long after these villains are dust
Forgotten and moldering in their graves
In fact, I believe
Strongly believe that people will be praising Bob long after you or I are collecting dust on some alien's shelf
Uh
I don't know
I don't know
ruptured into the escape vessels the next day and after 500 or a thousand
years we decide to vacate our bodies and our bodies become some curio on some
alien beings knick-knack show as good a fate for a body as any I suppose if
you're not in it anymore who needs it oh well somebody sick might need it that's
why I signed that thing on my driver's license that says if I'm suddenly dead
yes you can have my eyes and my skull yes the mortician students can play with
my body and the medical students can form my fingers into obscene gestures
while I'm laying there dead I don't care I give my eyes to some blind man stick
him in that blind man and he'll go whoa whoever own these eyes before me he was
either a very lucky man or a very lucky man
or he had a hell of an imagination he'll say praise Bob I can see again but what I
can see I'm shocked and some deaf fella can have my ears and he'll hear nothing
but the hour of slack superimposed over everything all his life oh yeah oh go
ahead you can have everything take the whole church mr. conspiracy but there's
one thing you can't ever get
there and alien
no I don't know what that is actually I was hoping that I think of something
inspirational and clever but but actually the fact is they could get
everything friends if they wanted to they could get everything now I can still do the
my show, but my friends here in my hometown can't hear it.
They could just donate their pledge money directly to the church, and they'd get a cassette,
but, uh, eh, the meanwhile, friends, the conspiracy has the show hostage in Dallas.
Oh, and one last thing about having to do this show here at the studio, at home, in
the office, the subgenius office, this way I have the unwanted option of doing two or
three shows at a time.
For instance, I'm not really here this week, I'm really in Chicago being an actor in some
completely bizarre CD-ROM virtual reality movie game with a cast of other obscure weirdos,
but that's another story.
Anyway, I didn't do this show today.
I put all this stuff on tape a week and a half ago when I did the previous show.
The one you're actually listening to now.
Do you see what I mean, my friends?
Oh.
Oh.
Zug's riff there in the background.
Off of his, uh, CD.
What CD is that?
It's about, uh, Villagers, I think is the name of it.
It's about the only one you can get.
Eh, well, friends.
It's been an interesting show.
And we hope that we can get our technical act a little bit better down next week.
Eh, same Bob time, same Bob.
Friends, you need to write for more information about the Church of the Subgenius.
And I'm about to give you that box number you can write to.
It's a short one, a simple one.
You can just address that letter or card to Bob.
That's right, just Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

At Post Office Box 140306.
In lovely Dallas, Texas.
75214.
Once again, friends, that's Bob.
At Post Office Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
75214.
And...
And we love you, dear friends.
And we hate you in that strange way that Bob teaches us all.
Listen to those little bad four-track neck volume pots.
Turn up the volume.
