Part one of this two-part show, my dear, dear friends, is about the Church of the Subgenius,
but this time taken largely from the soundtrack re-edited by yours truly of a new video by
Father Joe Mama himself, a video that is not yet available, and I think you'll like this
little introductory piece, I really do, and part two, the second half hour, will be the
world's probably first radio airplay of stand-up comedy by Bill Hicks, probably because I'm
maybe the first person who ever took the trouble, the really hard work of cutting his profuse
cussing out of it, so that you can hear this example of the greatest new non-subgenius
pre-tribute.
Preacher says Lenny Bruce, and so you can go out and buy his uncut work.
Anyway, let us not ever stop.
You can get in there and mix and mix and mix and get such a beautiful sound.
I want to have a stereo of where it goes up, the sound goes up and behind and underneath,
you know, but all you can get now is across and across.
Watch.
Watch.

Watch.
Watch.
Watch.
In the early 1980s, while most Americans went about their normal lives,
a bizarre religious cult called the Church of the Subgenius sprung up in the otherwise conservative city of Dallas, Texas.
Believing it was nothing more than an elaborate hoax, authorities failed to intervene early.
The resulting spread of the phenomena surpassed even the deadly AIDS virus in its speed of transmission.
But unlike AIDS, this cult robbed its victims of more than just their physical health.
Their mental and spiritual well-being was likewise destroyed.
Fortunately, the plague was eventually contained, its carriers either sterilized or destroyed.
But the images of its leaders and some of its followers were carefully preserved on videotape
to serve as a source of information for the public.
To serve as timeless examples of what could happen again if society fails to keep itself clean.
Here, then, are those images.
Some of them may be too strong for young viewers.
Parental discretion is advised.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The subgenius.
The subgenius hour of...
Slack.
The subgenius hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
And without a doubt...
...
...
...
...
...











I'm just a fool
Small animals or other children becoming exposed
to the ultra-high or ultra-low shocks and grain frequencies
constantly scanned throughout our program
should seek shelter in an approved safety unit only.
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you
that it's often a photon that light releases,
but truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Hoping your time is all time
and all your unpermissible truths are happy truths.
Here is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
My first impression was his presence was so strong.
It was sort of like stepping into a field of electricity.
And I don't know if it's because of the giant amps
that he was working with or just being a superstar
and having all that energy directed at you.
But I wish there had been a way that this tape
could have captured some of that energy.
Vibrancy that I felt at that moment.
I control the lives and the brains of all the inhabitants here.
I keep them alive as I see fit.
Just as a shepherd controls the sheep
and then at any moment shears the sheep.
Enough now with explanations.
I will indicate to you which burned-out students must be replaced.
Do you want to live forever?
Yes.
Do you want to live in paradise?
Yes.
Will you die for me?
Yes.
Will you kill for me?
Yes.
Will you kill for me?
Yes.
If the Bible is true, then I am Christ.
But so what?
What's so great about being Christ?
A man nailed to a cross, a man of sorrow, acquainted with grief.
You know, being Christ ain't nothing.
They twisted my words.
Mocking me.
They're laughing at us.
Holding us up to ridicule.
But they cannot stop the message.
It's here!
Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slang.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
I feel like the Church of the Subgenius is a very helpful thing.
I know it's done good things for me and for other people that I know.
It's allowed them to get hold of their bad child
and get out and run with it.
And the church is chock full of eccentrics, too.
Ha ha!
Really exquisitely weird people.
People you would never suspect were the way they actually are.
It's about going through all this land, you know, this mythical.
Because that's what I like to do is write a lot of mythical things.
You know, like the history of the wars on Neptune and all this mess, you know.
And the reason why the rings are there, you know.
You have all these...
See, like, how they've got the Greek gods and all that mythology.
Well, you can have your own mythology scene.
Or write, you know, fiction.
Complete fiction, you know.
I mean, anybody can say, well, I was walking down the street
and I see an elephant floating through the sky.
Well, it has no meaning at all, you know.
There's nothing to imagine except this is an elephant there, you know.
And if you don't watch out, it might break your neck.
Ten! Establish the new order.
This will be a world for a select few.
Only certain types will be fit to belong in this society.
We will have the grave responsibility of deciding who belongs.
Life will be... will continue,
but on proper terms.
Never orderly lies.
Dear friends, you see.
And I was never one of the orthodox.
You know, there's all the other docs, you know, that are orthodox.
And there's me and I...
I really am not in that clique, you know.
I'm not an orthodox, you know.
I'm like a schismatic.
So for a while, you know, the early part of it, they really needed some rebellion.
And, you know, he'd already seen me rebel here and there and stuff for a while.
It was good to have a rebel in the Church of the Subgenius.
But now, you know, it's all...
It's all doled out, you know.
And it's all...
It's all a sound bite that he wants to project.
And he's...
You know, it's just like everything else.
The Church of the Subgenius predicted that it would go totally pink before 1998.
The inhabitants here do not have the intelligence to be utilized anymore.
For that reason, I have summoned you.
I hope that you remember those.
Now, of course, all of this will be printed up in your instruction documents and your kit.
Your special end-of-the-world pill kit.
That comes...
We will be mailing those out at some point in early 1998.
Don't worry about that.
We won't.
Just because we've been a little bit late on some of our publications and things...
You will get your kit.
I promise.
Maybe we'll spend about two hours a day going through the Subgenius mail.
It's pretty interesting.
Some weeks we get huge packages.
There's this one fella.
Every week we get a gigantic package.
Sometimes...
Sometimes perfume bottles.
Sometimes...
Big jars of bodily fluids.
Sanitary napkins.
It just depends.
You never know.
Food.
Beer bottles.
It just never ends.
A gun.
Another gun.
Twenty-two.
Everyone staying?
Another gun.
Another one?
Yes, sir.
What kind?
Twenty-two.
Unloaded.
All right.
Here you go.
Have we got any twenty-two shells?
Not yet, but I'm finished.
Lord is with me like a dread champion.
Therefore, my persecutors will stumble and not prevail.
Now, what I need to know is, are you ready to live the message?
Are you ready to live by the book?
Are you going to bitch and whine because it's too hard to be holy?
Will you follow me?
Yes.
Will you follow me?
Yes.
Yeah, it's funny.
We got a call from People Magazine yesterday wanting to pick my brains as an expert on
fringe cults and so forth.
They wanted to...
I guess they wanted a prediction on who would be the next version of the Branch Davidians
in Waco, who would be the next violent armed cult and so forth.
I told them to check out the battle cry of aggressive Christianity, free love ministries
in California, and the...
And Elizabeth Clare Prophet.
Of course, the Church of the Subgenius is the kind of peaceful organization that doesn't
have to worry about an armed insurrection in the end times.
The end times are certainly coming, but we're going to be the ones who are protecting the
people.
We're going to be the ones who are protected by others, other bigger forces.
We don't need to rely on weapons.
And all of those rumors about the genitals and vice grips in Dobbs Town, the big stashes
of weapons, the drugs and the harems and the orgies and so forth, that's all the kind of
thing that disgruntled ex-members always try to bring up.
They're just trying to get money out of us, essentially.
Well, you know, these...
These people come to us and they wanted to rent some of our weapons and do some target
practice out on our land, and we didn't have any problem with that.
We'd be willing to rent the stuff too, and their money was plenty good, but after a while,
we kind of got the feeling that these people were kind of weird.
I mean, they kept saying subgenius, and they never would explain what that was.
I think we made the right decision.
I think these people are dangerous, and I think that we did well not to do any business
with them.
Well, there's a tedious notion, Cherish.
Many immature intellects that the Church of the Subgenius itself is some kind of art
statement.
This notion must be dispelled violently or otherwise.
Bob Dobbs' ministry reaches far beyond any manner of mere statement, even philosophical.
It's exactly what it says it is, a religion.
The art, the styles associated with it, are there to be found?

They are solely to buttress it.
Just as the Catholic Church sponsored both the monstrous Inquisition and the Sistine
Chapel sealing, our faith has promoted both frenzied head launchings and the DX15 computer
virus, which irrevocably infects both computer and user.
All of the machines were destroyed.
The inhabitants regressed rapidly.
I became the only one with the knowledge to construct machines.
I will make these machines invincible.
Then I will be able to conquer the galaxy.
You must help me to replace some of my circuits that were damaged by the alien forces.
Without all of my circuits functioning, some of my memory banks are blocked.
I was great.
I look...
Hello.
Oh, that's Steve.




















Damn Japanese stock reports keep on zizzing and dripping through my X-barks.
What now?
Originally, I was most interested in proving the existence of J.R. Bob Dobbs, because there's
evidence of him, supposedly, in magnetic recording materials and so forth.
And after I had available to me through the Freedom of Information Act a number of recordings
made by Bob in the 1950s, I assumed that once they had arrived, I could analyze those.
And truly find evidence, sound bites and so on.
The tapes arrived after two years, and they were mostly like this.
They're seven and a half IPS recordings.
I run them through the four track here.
They're run then over to here, where we have a clostron frequency analyzer, which takes
all the various bits of data and analyzes them statistically according to where they're
located on the tape.
The analysis of the tape was very interesting.
Some of these tapes have been completely degaussed.
There's absolutely nothing left.
They're completely blank.
Others, conversations between J.R. Bob Dobbs and members of the corporate infrastructure,
have been spliced so many times, there's nothing left of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
There's someone talking, then there's a splice, then there's someone talking, then there's
a splice.
All the responses, all the portions that Bob Dobbs supposedly put in, have been carefully,
painstakingly removed.
The analysis of the tape shows this to be standard 1958 polyester stock.
It's nothing unusual.
But the splicing tape is all from 1984.
This is the year of J.R. Bob Dobbs' assassination.
Coincidence?
I think not.
Did you kill Bob?
Of course I killed Bob.
For sales.
It was an agreed upon event.
On the way from the airport, before the 84 show, we decided that somebody was needed
to push sales into the stratosphere, and the best thing to do in America is kill the leader
of whatever organization or church you have.
Well, I think there's only one direction that the church can actually go in, and that's
the really, really, for once, key.
Yes.
That's a worry.
I don't see the church as a lucky group.
But they officially, it's not as if there were ever any.
What does that necessarily mean, do you think?
That was the idea of that show, that's just just one of those different ways I think
people react to their Christianye zul?".
I didn't mean all those people who hate the church to matter, and you don't end up information

an implicit comment that politics in Rochester, maybe across the country, has gotten to be
just as phony as the televangelists are?
Possibly. Possibly. I'll leave that for you and the listeners to decide.
I mean, it certainly conveys that message to me, really.
Well, Bob comes from Marsh McLuhan, a Canadian professor.
The medium is the message.
Exactly. And this campaign is based on the radio talk shows and the power of the voice of the people.
Namely, the people out there should be making the decisions, not the politicians.
I think we should take a vote on everything, even the most mundane objects.
That sounds like Ross Perot writ large and taken to the extreme.
Well, you know, now Ross Perot, I have a strange, perverse admiration for him.
I think he's...
He's elected president. The trains would definitely run on time, you know, and Gary Walker would be happy.
But that's another bad joke.
That's another station entirely. We won't even talk about that.
But I want to know, really, more than anything else, whether or not this whole thing is basically a statement
that there is nothing here going on except media, there is nothing going on except logos,
there is nothing going on except bumper stickers, signs.
And that's what the political process has come to.
It's all devoid of content.
God has spoken to me.
So many ask if they can join the church of the subgenius.
The answer is no, they cannot.
Because one does not join the subgeniuses.
One either is or is not a subgenius.
Of course, the only way you can find this out is to make the attempt to live the life of the subgenius.
To be in a sense like...
Bob.
Each subgenius must be a little Bob and have something of his Dobbs-given Bob-like nature.
For it is only through the emanations of the over Bob, the controlling world soul of Dobbsishness,
that the true subgenius can achieve full fruition.
People say that you're cynical.
Okay, they don't understand.
Because maybe you hate everything, or maybe you're afraid of everything, or maybe you're angry at everything.
But the word cynical does not really exist.
It doesn't really apply to you.
You really do think mass starvation is funny.
I mean, you really think that.
You think that the extinction of vast numbers of animals is funny.
Because the fact that the Earth is going to be swallowed by the Sun in a few million years is kind of funny.
So you have a higher sense of humor.
A lot of people would say, well, that's black humor.
It's a black sense of humor.
But see, that's just a value judgment they put on you.
It's no blacker than anyone else's.
It's actually a white sense of humor.
It's so black that it's white.
I'd have to say, uh, J.R.R. Bob Dobbs is a mystery.
Unfolded by an enigma, bound by a puzzle, wrapped in a strip of bacon,
surrounded by creamy nougat and a rich milk chocolate coating,
held together with a toothpick,
served on a greasy paper napkin.
An indigestible canapé for the no age.
A
They might not be ready for that particular thing.
They might be coming to the concert as critics, you know,
instead of as people, you know, wanting to get into some entertainment.
And then from then on they could build it more.
But there's no response at all.
It doesn't bother me to make a statement.
I don't want to touch it all.
It just makes me play a little more music, you know.
See, you know, that's the way I think.
I think in no negative terms at all,
because it takes up a whole lot of space in your mind, you know.
And some people only use one tenth of their brain capacity anyway.
And so, uh, you know, there's so much more room to think other good ways, you know,
and try to turn them on regardless.
It feels like a hospital when a patient might be kicking,
and he doesn't want an operation, and he knows good and well, you know,
it might be good for him in the long run.
But he's scared, and he's kicking around in the bed,
and the nurses are trying to strap him down.
Well, I'm the nurses, you know,
trying to get him together and trying to prove to him that this is right.
We do have this, uh, radio ministry every Sunday night,
which has been getting a might bit of criticism of late
for these last few months,
uh, complaining that there weren't enough true believers
from the Dallas clenches represented upon the airwaves.
Huh! Well.
The great waves of Bob Dobbs.
It's like some great raging beast,
and it will try to destroy us too before it dies.
And the Babylonians will offer their 30 pieces of silver
to the Adrians
and the Michelles of this world.
People who will lie about me.
About us.
Jesus had one Judas.
Will there be more?
Will you be my Judas?
Yeah, well, when I first joined the subgenius, you know,
they told me for 20 bucks I could get slack.
So I thought, hey, that's a good deal.
I went ahead and sent them my check.
And I waited and waited.
It never really came.
Uh, you know, I thought maybe my check got lost in the mail or something.
So I sent them another one.
And I waited again.
And, you know, this slack, I'm not sure what it is,
but it never really came.
So I kept sending them checks and waiting for the slack.
And, uh, gosh, I've spent two or three hundred bucks on this thing now.
I don't know if I've got the slack or if it's supposed to be coming,
you know, later or what the deal is.
So at this point, I'm thinking about getting a lawyer
and trying to look into this thing because I need to get a definite,
you know, what is slack?
You know, when's it coming?
What's the deal?
You know, this can't go on.
This is ridiculous, you know.
Slack is our way of grabbing life by the lapel and screaming at it.
Slack is, uh, is something that can't be bottled and sold.
You actually were born with slack.
You were born with original slack.
But from that moment on, the conspiracy has been trying to take it away from you.
They don't even know what it is.
But that won't stop them from trying to suck up every tiny bit of it they can get.
The conspiracy has 50,000 followers.
They've got 50,000 nuclear weapons.
And the Church of the Subgenius?
We've only got three.
But yet we dare to fight them anyway.
And that's the miracle of it.
Because, see, it's always been the crazy people,
the crazy people who were dumb enough to stand up against the colossus.
Well, the Church itself never defines what the conspiracy is.
But we believe that the conspiracy of normals, as we talk about it,
is society itself.
And it's society itself that must be destroyed.
Human society.
Well, it's like there's this subtext of violence to what they talk about.
Like, the stuff they say about destroying the normals, you know.
It sounded like a joke at first, but I started thinking about it.
If these guys really did achieve world domination, like they say,
destroy the normals?
What are they gonna do?
Are they gonna round them up into camps or something?
What do they mean?
What do they mean, destroy the normals?
I've got friends who are normals.
I mean, maybe I'm normal.
I don't know.
What would they do with me?
Unlike the hypocritical teachings of brotherly love that flow from Christianity
or the sickening sweetness and light crap that flows from the New Age,
the Church of the Subgenius is unabashedly a religion of hate, ladies and gentlemen.
Praise the Lord!
And they shall bleed and travail in their sorrow.
But unto them shall come the voice of the ark of the heavens, and say,
Let there be no wailing and remonstracing.
For ye all now walk in the house of Jehovah one.
And if thou dost not walk, thou shalt crawl on the stumps of what were legs.
For mine is the hand that makes, and mine is the house.
Of pain.
The flower does not bloom.
The leaf does not fall from the branches of a tree that I don't just hate.
Hate.
And no, hate is what most religions are really all about.
We're just the only ones who would come out and admit it.
Hate and scorn for the normals.
Hate for the conspiracy.
Hate.
Expectation.

Hey!
Hey!
Hey, you!
I was at the end of my rope.
It came to me that the only solution to my problems was suicide.
And I didn't even have the money for a Saturday night special!
I was walking to the pawn shop,
Praying to Bob that I had enough money to buy a Wednesday or Thursday night special
to blow my brains out!
I happened to glance down into a mud puddle, children, and there in that mud puddle, covered with mud, was a pamphlet.
Well, I picked up that pamphlet, children, and I read it, and what it said in essence was,
get in on the ground floor of a lucrative new cult now while rates are low.
They're basically sellouts at the Subgenius Foundation.
They have so much money moving through on a day-to-day, a month-to-month basis that they're corrupted by it.
They've lost sight of the goals of the subgenius itself, and they're just doing it as a business.
Tired of acting normal? Sick of all the have-a-nice-day humans?
Want to quit your job? Then you need Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius.
Only Bob can return the slack the conspiracy stole away.
Call a subgenius hotline now and get the scoop.
You'll hear an actual subgenius rant about Bob.
Slack and the conspiracy.
Or call Connie Dobbs for her subgenius secrets of love.
That's 1-900-990-5085, extension 324.
And hear the word of Bob.
Extension 325 will get you Connie.
Only $2 per minute with a 5-minute max.
Adults only. Touchstone phone required.
Don't burn out on boredom.
Let Bob Dobbs set you free.
I don't care who you are or where you come from.
If you haven't sent your $20 into Bob, you're gonna burn.
Mother Teresa, I don't care how many people she's helped.
If she hadn't sent her $20 into jail, Bob Dobbs is gonna burn in hell.
Well, I'm not really at liberty to discuss actual annual income of the Subgenius Foundation
or the Church of the Subgenius or any of the other affiliated companies.
But, you know, the way we would have to look at it, I mean, we believe in freedom of religion.
And if somebody wants to send money to us or any other religious organization,
then probably it's gonna be more wisely spent by us.
Before I became a Christian, I was in the Church of the Subgenius.
A lot of my friends were doing that, and I just went along with them.
I thought it was pretty funny.
Well, I guess they're laughing at me now, but I know Jesus.
And I also know...
that Bob is evil.
And he's leading all of those people to hell.
People have been accusing us of being some sort of devil worship cult.
This is really absurd, and, you know, people see a devil worship everywhere,
and the Procter & Gamble logo or what have you, but it's all untrue.
We have a special relationship with the being that is called the devil.
We're not...
we're not worshipers precisely, but we are aware, as was he, that God, or as we call him, Jehovah One,
has gone slightly insane.
We can tempt sinners better than the devil can.
We're tempting them away from the devil.
Now, where are we tempting them? Where they go after that?
It's up to them, although Bob wouldn't be a bad stop on the way.
Just write for more information about how to sell your soul to the devil
from Bob at Post Office Box.com.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Ah, yes.
Now, once again, that number, and it is free information, although, you know, you do get what you pay for.
Uh, Bob at Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Uh...
That's that.
That's that...
I'm going to go find you a big guy soon.


Never mind.
After that, Bob would go by his old name.

And must agree to know, he can just go back to the canine of the hermit I met before.
He asked her to help him.


That's right now.
Next week a new masterpiece to beautiful movie.
A double project.


Jet host?

Our Frottmeister has retired, and, you know, if anybody can, uh, oh, well.
823-7490.
What you've been listening to here, and a lovely selection of material it's been,
uh, most of this is from a re-edit of, uh, Kurt Kursteiner's film,
Church of the Subgenius, Slack, Sect, or Satanism.
And voices that you heard on Side 1 of show were Pope S. Cecilia,
Reverend Buck Naked, Willa Dobbs, David Koresh,
Zaphod Rakotansky, Palmer Vreides,
uh, the computer from Cosmos,
Jeff Robbins, yes, the Hal Robbins brother,
mm-hmm, uh, the fake Bob in Rochester, who seems to be a little mixed up,
uh, Hal Robbins, that's Dr. Hal,
the great Michael Pepe,
Tommy Lopez, Trickster Shaman,
Kenneth Huey, Janer Hypercletes,
Sterno Keekhaver,
and, uh, uh, and coming up, I guess, all of them again,
and Sister Mary Squire,
uh, and in the background, of course, the swinging love corpses.
On the way.
The thing that draws you in is that it seems so funny.
But, uh, as time went along, I got scared.
There's something dark about the Church, Church of the Subgenius.
There's something evil.
Like, there's one thing I should, I wanted to tell you,


there's this ritual they've got.
Uh, I went to one of their D-Vivals,
yeah, they call it a D-Vival,
that's the way they think.
And they have this thing where they, they launch
the bleeding head of a World Cup golfer.
Uh, now that's weird.
That's weird and that's kind of scary.
They get up on stage, and one guy would get a golf club,
and they'd have this head,
and the guy would, uh, he'd have a golf club, and they'd have this head,


and he would hit it with the golf club,
and send it zooming out over the audience,
spewing what looked like blood and brains all over the audience.
What does that mean?
And why did they chant,
bleeding head good, healed head bad?
Bleeding head good, healed head bad!
The whole head launch thing is considered obscene by some groups.
It's true. We get a lot of opposition.
That's what, you know, that's why people say,
we shouldn't do it in front of a mass audience.
Uh, that it's okay to do it privately in your own home.
Uh...
But in front of people is obscene.
Yeah, out in front of people.
You know, just because...
Well, why do you do it then?
We don't, we don't think that the human body is obscene.
We don't think, uh, decapitating a golfer is necessary.
Obscene, you think that the two are one and the same.
Inalienable rights.
What does it mean?
The launching of the head.
Well, the meaning is so obvious, I don't...
I can hardly see the need to explain
the meaning of the launching of the head.
Child molestation.
Uh, rape.
Murder. Torture.
The violation of human rights.
Uh, all these things are part of, of, uh, Jehovah's ongoing joke,
which he laughingly refers to as existence.
Subgenii know this at the bottom of their hearts and in their souls.
Subgenii are able to swim in the ocean of the horrendous miracle
of pain and agony and suffering.
And blow bubbles.
Now, friends, some people like to call this church of the subgenius a joke.
A joke.
Oh, it might be a joke.
It just might be the greatest joke ever told.
If Earth can make it to the punchline.
We can't give you all the answers.
But we can help you flesh out your fantasy that there are some.
The effect I'd like to have for it on the audience is maybe in a hypnotic state,
if not an awakening state, you know.
So therefore, that's why we don't preach necessarily violence unless it's a certain incidence in a song.
It should have some kind of solution, you know, at the end of a song,
every song that we give out to people, you know.
Because it's all, it's almost all philosophy, our music is, most of it is,
in a very hazy form because it's still, you know, it's still a very hazy form.
It's still progressing, you know, it's just like a little baby.
And it hasn't even reached the stage that I call for it to walk by itself, you know.
For that reason, I have summoned you.
Decompression chamber. Maximum duration, ten seconds.
Repeat, ten seconds. Clear the area.
Okay, that's my cue, that's my cue.
I gotta get, get outta here.
And, uh, oh no, we're not leaving yet.
No, no, we gotta put on the Bill Hicks stuff.
I, God, I worked so hard cutting the cuss words out of this.
Friends, you'll, I don't see how anybody could ever play this guy's material on the radio
without having done what I had to do.
I'm sorry that I, uh, had to do it, but otherwise you wouldn't hear him at all.
And I do want you to pay attention to this, uh, ama-
You know, we don't usually play comedians on this show.
It's not a comedy show.
Uh, and this Bill Hicks fellow off of this album, Relentless,
well, he's, he's a pretty good preacher as well as a, uh, comic, you might say.
He's got another record called Dangerous out, and, uh,
well, I'll just, uh, let you check it.
You ever dance with the devil in the moonlight?
I don't know what my attitude is. I'm trying to work on it all the time, you know.
I'm drinking water tonight. That's pretty amazing.
Water's a way, it's really weird how your life changes, you know what I mean?
Water. Four years ago? Opium.
Isn't that weird? I mean, really.
Night and day.
Some of y'all may remember me as a drinker. Uh, I was a weekend drinker.
You know, I'd start on Saturday, end on Friday, and, uh,
thought I was controlling it there.
I don't drink anymore. I don't do drugs anymore either than I'd say the average touring funk band.
If I had to add it up.
I don't do drugs anymore either.
But I'll tell you something about drugs. I used to do drugs.
But I'll tell you something honestly about drugs. Honestly.
And I know it's not a very popular idea. You don't hear it very often anymore.
But,
it is the truth.
I had a great time doing drugs.
Sorry.
Never murdered anyone, never robbed anyone, never raped anyone, never beat anyone, never lost a job, a car, a house, a wife, or kids.
Laughed my ass off.
And went about my day.
Laughed my ass off.

Laughed my ass off.
Laughed my ass off.
Laughed my ass off.
Now, where's my commercial?
Laughed my ass off.
Why don't I get a commercial? Why is it always that other guy that gets the commercial?
I lost my job, then my house, then my wife, then my car, then my kids.
Don't do drugs.
Well, I'm definitely not doing them with you.
Laughed my ass off.
Man, you're bumming me out. Get him out of here.
The guy by the dip, he's bumming everyone out.
I mean, I've lost my car before. Okay.
Found it the next day. You know, no biggie.
I don't think that warranted a commercial.
I lost my car, and uh...
Oh, there it is by that dumpster.
Forget it. See you tomorrow.
Laughed my ass off.
You know, I've lost stuff. I'm not saying that.
Laughed my ass off.
I knew we were in trouble in that damn egg commercial.
That was the government's take on drugs.
Here's your brain.
I've seen a lot of shit on drugs. I've never, ever, ever, ever, ever looked at an egg and thought it was a brain.
Not once. Alright?
I have seen UFOs split the sky like a sheet, but I have never, ever, ever looked at an egg and thought it was a brain.
Not once.
I have had seven balls of light come off of a UFO.
Lead me onto their ship.
Explain to me telepathically that we are all one and there is no such thing as death.
But I have never, ever, ever, ever looked at an egg and thought it was a brain.
Now, maybe I wasn't getting good sh-
I admit it. I see that commercial. I feel cheated.
Hey, where's the stuff that makes eggs look like brains?
That sounds neat. Did I quit too soon?
What is that, CIA stuff?
You see the guy in that commercial? The guy's got a beer gut.
Alright, this is it. Look at it, man.
This is your brain.
I ain't doing this again. That's your brain.
The guy's drunk doing the commercial, man.
That's your brain. That's an egg. That's a frying pan. That's a stove. You're an alcoholic.
Dude, I'm tripping right now.
And I still see that as an egg, alright?
I see the UFOs around it, but that is an egg in the middle.
There's a hobbit eating it.
I got that hobbit. It was eating an egg.
He's on a unicorn, but that's...
Nope, that's good.
How dare you have a wino tell me not to do drugs?
Why did you quit?
Why did I quit?
Because after you've been taken aboard a UFO, it's kind of hard to top that, alright?
You know, they have alcoholics.
They don't have alcoholics anonymous. They don't have alien anonymous.
Tell you what, though, going to AA meetings, which I have to do,
but going there and hearing people talk about the booze stories, you know, I'm sitting there.
You know, I delighted the taste of gin.
I went drinking with aliens.
Shut up!
I lost my wife.
I lost an alien culture who wanted to take me to the planet Arcturus.
And I don't know if I've gotten the resentment, you know, forgiveness part down in the...
One day at a time.
I just cannot, you know, believe in a war against drugs when they have anti-drug commercials on TV all day long, followed by,
This Bud's for you.
I got news for you, folks.
A1, alcohol is a drug.
B2, and here's the rub, alcohol kills more people than crack, coke, and heroin combined each year.
So, thanks for inviting me to your little alcoholic drug den here tonight.
You fine, upstanding citizens.
You, wink wink, nudge nudge.
Now, you know why?
If I was gonna have a drug be legal, it would not be alcohol.
You know why?
There's better drugs and better drugs for you.
That's a fact.
So you can stop your internal dialogue.
But wait a minute, Bill.
Alcohol is an acceptable form of social interaction, which for thousands of years has been the norm under which human beings have congregated and formed socialist groups and they would congregate...
Shut up.
Your denial is beneath you, and thanks to the use of hallucinogenic drugs, I see through you.
Pot is a better drug than alcohol.
Fact, and I'll prove it to you.
You're at a ball game, you're at a concert, someone's really violent, aggressive, and obnoxious.
Are they drunk or are they smoking pot?
Drunk.
The one and only correct answer.
Tell them what they want, Johnny.
I've never seen people on pot get in a fight because it is impossible.
Hey, buddy.
Hey, wood.
End of argument.
Say you get in a car accident and you've been smoking pot.
You're only going four miles an hour.
You get something.
Forgot to open the garage door, man.
Yeah.
Time to get the garage door open so Domino's knows we're home.
Yeah.









But I'll tell you the truth.
I have never heard one reason that rang true why marijuana is against the law.
That rang true now.
I'm not talking about the reasons the government tells us, because I hope you know this.
I think you do.
All governments are lying.
Oh, .
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.








All right.
I mean marijuana grows everywhere, serves a thousand different functions, all of them
positive.
To make marijuana against the law is like saying God made a mistake, you know what
I mean?
It's like God on the seventh day looked down at his creation, said, there it is, my creation,
perfect and holy in all ways.
Now I can rest.
Oh my me.
I left pot everywhere.
I should never have smoked that joint on the third day.
If I leave pot everywhere,
that's going to give people the impression
they're supposed to use it.
Shit.
Now I have to create Republicans.
Republicans.
So you see, it's a vicious cycle.
And I'm not promoting the use of drugs, believe me.
I'm not.
I've had bad times on drugs, okay?
I mean, look at this haircut.
I'll tell you, I live in New York now.
I mean, I'll tell you, man,
the war on drugs has definitely taken a ceasefire there.
I mean, it's incredible.
They sell drugs out loud on the streets.
Heroin, heroin, heroin, coke, coke, coke, smoke, smoke.
Heroin, heroin.
Those guys fuck with me.
So I'm walking down the street one day.
This guy's walking ahead of me,
passes one of those dealers.
He looks at him.
He goes, heroin, heroin, heroin.
I pass him.
He looked at me.
He goes, glue.
I can afford heroin.
I'm doing laundry right now.
As soon as my shirt's out of the cleaners,
I'm coming back and buying some of that from you.
He embarrassed me to death, all right?
I was mortified.
Glue.
Where's a bank machine?
Come here.
Come here, Mr. Dealer.
Come here.
I'm going to show you my balance.
Then I'm going to buy heroin
from that little kid across the street.
I'm going to buy heroin from that little kid across the street.


New York's a rather tense town.
See, I think drugs have done some good things for us.
I really do.
And if you don't believe drugs have done good things for us,
do me a favor.
Go home tonight, take all your albums,
all your tapes, and all your CDs, and burn them.
Because you know what?
The musicians who made all that great music
that's enhanced your lives throughout the years?
Real high on drugs.
Man, the Beatles.
The Beatles were so high,
they let Ringo sing a couple of tunes.
Tell me they weren't partying.
We all live in a yellow submarine.
Yellow submarine.
We all live in a...
You know how fucking high they were when they wrote that?
They had to pull Ringo off the ceiling with a rake.
John, get Ringo.
He's in the corner.
Ooh, look at him scooch.
Grab him.
Hook his bell bottom.
Hook his bell bottom.
He's got a song he wants to sing us.
Something about living in a yellow tambourine or something.
Ringo, Yoko's gone.
Come down.
We can party again.
They were real high.
They wrote great music.
Drugs did have a positive effect.
Okay, I'll tell you what else.
I'm gonna extend the theory to our generation now
so that it's more applicable.
The musicians today who don't do drugs
and in fact speak out against it,
we're rock against drugs.
Boy, they suck.
Suck.
Ballest, soulless, spiritless, corporate little bitches.
Each and every one of them.
We're rock against drugs
because that's what George is.
That's what George Bush wants.
George Bush wants.
George Bush wants.

That's what we want, isn't it?
Government approved rock and roll.
Don't you want to be at a concert one night,
look to your right and see Dan Quayle right next to you, man?
You know you're partying.
Then you know you're on the edge.
If the Quayle monster's here, there ain't no coming back.
We might be up till 11 tonight.
We're rock stars who do Pepsi Cola commercials.
George Bush wants.
George Bush wants.
George Bush wants.
Here comes a fella named Vanilla Ice.
Here comes MC Hammer.
Here's Madonna with two heads.
It's only your dignity, suck it.
MC Hammer, oh, I'm sorry, it's Hammer.
He dropped the MC.
I can't wait till he drops the Hammer, too.
How about this?
Drop it off.
Good.
I am available for children's parties, by the way.
Some of y'all might have a young and coming of age
and not want to go the traditional clown balloon animal route this year.
Might want to look me up.
Beelzebozo.
Clown from hell.
Ah, kids, it's Beelzebozo time.
Tell me something.
Who here out of you young'uns has never smoked a cigarette?
Come here, kids.
What's your name?
Tommy, Tommy, how old are you?
Five.
Five years old.
And you mean to tell Beelzebozo you're not smoking cigarettes yet?
Come here, Tommy.
Hold it in.
Tommy.
Nope, it's Beelzebozo time.
Tell me something.
Who here out of you young'uns has never watched a skin flick?
Come here, kids.
Mommy.
That is your mommy.
Come on.
It's Beelzebozo time.
Clown from hell.

See, I don't know.
I just differ, you know.
Like, remember those summer trips you take with your folks growing up?
Instead of doing that, why don't families take mushrooms,
stay home, and trip together?
.
It would be a much better trip.
The whole movies would be tons more fun.
Just 20 minutes of someone's thumb.
.
You see, son, the thumb is opposable.
That's why we can use tools and live indoors.
.
Speaking of indoors, you get the impression
the walls are breathing?
I do, Mom.
.
It's like we're all one consciousness
experiencing itself subjectively.
.
There is no such thing as death, son.
It's only illusion that we are separate beings.
In actuality, we are all one con...
.
God is love, and love is all there is.
And if that's all there is, there can be no opposite.
Cool, Dad.
.
I think that'd be such a neat trip.
In a way.
Except your parents.
Get them some food now.
Just in case I had to make you worry andший responded to a
I know you worked in a company right?
.
Oh, yeah, going to that community now.


Your homie completely People's Dictatorship 8 told
me the following thing.
and et cetera, et cetera, down the line.
Okay, great.
But no one knows what pornography is.
Supreme Court says pornography is any act
that has no artistic merit and causes sexual thoughts.
That's their definition, essentially.
No artistic merit causes sexual thought.
Hmm.
Sounds like every commercial on television, doesn't it?
You know, when I see those two twins
on that double-met commercial,
I'm not thinking of gum.
I am thinking of chewing.
Maybe that's the connection they're trying to make.
What?
You've all seen that Bush beer commercial.
The girl in the short hot pants opens the beer bottle
on her belt buckle, leaves it there,
and it foams over her hand and over the bottle,
and the voiceover goes,
Get yourself a Bush.
Hmm.
You know what that looks like?
Nah, no way.
I'll tell you the commercial they'd like to do if they could,
and I guarantee you if they could,
they'd do this right here.
Here's the woman's face.
Beautiful.
Camera pulls back.
Naked breast.
Camera pulls back.
She's totally naked.
Legs apart.
Two fingers right here.
And it just says,
Drink Coke.
Now, I don't know the connection here.
But I have a Coke getting on my shopping list that way.
Dr. Pepper.
Dr. Pepper.
Snickers Satisfying.
Damned if I'm not buying these products.
My teeth are rotten out of my head.
I'm glued to the television.
I'm as big a couch.
More Snickers.
More Coke.
That's what I find ironic, too,
is that people who are against these things that cause sexual thoughts
are generally fundamentalist Christians
who also believe you should be fruitful
and multiply.
Boy, they walk a tightrope every day, don't they?
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
How do we be fruitful and multiply and not think about it?
We could sing hymns during it.
One stroke at a time.
Sweet Jesus.
One stroke at a time.
Sweet Lord.
I did that joke in Alabama in Fife,
and these three rednecks met me after the show.
Hey, buddy, come here.
Mr. Funny Man, come here.
Hey, buddy, we're Christians.
We don't like to talk about it.


We don't like what you're saying.
I said, then forgive me.
Later, when I was hanging from the tree,
here is my final point.
Oh, thank you, God.
About drugs, about alcohol, about pornography,
whatever that is.
What business is it of yours
what I do, read, buy, see, or take into my body?
As long as I do not harm another human being on this planet.
Amen.
Amen.
Woo!
Come on.
And for those of you out there
who are having a little moral dilemma in your head
how to answer that question, I'll answer it for you.
None of your business.
Take that to the bank, cash it, and go renovation out of my life.
But see, here's their argument to that each and every time.
But we have to protect the children.
We have to protect the children.
Let me tell you something.
Children are smarter than any of us.
You know how I know that?
I don't know one child with a full-time job and children.
Yeah, quit these kids, man.
But where did this veneration of childbirth come from?
I missed that meeting, I'll tell you that.
Oh, childbirth is such a miracle.
It's such a miracle.
Wrong.
If it were a miracle that not every nine months
any yin-yang in the world could drop a litter
of these mewling cabbages on the planet.
And in case you have not checked the single mom statistics lately,
the miracle is spreading like wildfire.
Hallelujah.
Trailer parks all over America filling up with little miracles.
Thunk.
Thunk.
Thunk.
Look at all my little miracles.
Thunk.
Filling up my trailer like a sardine can.
Look at them.
Thunk.
You know what would be a real miracle?
If I could remember your daddy's name, though.
Thunk.
I guess I'll have to call you Trucker Junior.
That's all I remember about your daddy
was his fuzzy little pot belly riding on top of me
shooting in to produce my little waterhead miracle baby child.
Thunk.
There's your brother, Pizza Boy Delivery Junior.
Thunk.
There's your other brother, Exterminator Junior.
Thunk.
There's your other brother, Will Work for Food Junior.
Thank you very much. Good night.
Bill Hicks, dear friends.
That was indeed.
Bill Hicks from his album Relentless.
And it is indeed.
You can hear the uncut version of that on the album.
What I've been playing was very, very edited for Radio Airplay.
Had to do it myself.
It was worth it, though, I think.
Bill Hicks, remember it.
You heard it on the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
You're listening to the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
For free information on Bob Dobbs and the Church of the Subgenius,
send a self-addressed stamped envelope to, got your pencil ready?
Bob, Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Bob, P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Stay tuned and pray.
Praise Bob.
Go to www. probabilities boss instruction University Blvd 15




37 seashore



11
guitar solo
guitar solo
