Hey!
The Self Genius Power of Squash!
Oh no!
Good?
Oh, the poor dying.
You make me sick.
All of you.
What are you trying to do?
I like the frax calls.
Oh no.
Anyone else want his head bashed in?
Oh no!
From PR News in Washington, I'm Sch...
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice met with French leaders in Paris today where she spread avian influenza.
We believe firmly that the world should be caught by a very dangerous avian flu.
Sch...
Sch...
Sch...

European Union experts held a turkey.
Socials.
Socials.
Socials.
PR's banned.
PR's bad.
PR's bad.
On Wall Street, 110-247-926.
You're listening to PR News.
Today, the Federal Reserve was the largest in more than 23 years.
U.S. consumer prices jumped by soaring slightly.
There are few people in the streets as a massive security presence deploys ahead of tomorrow's PR News in Washington.
We have two completely different things for you tonight, friends.
One is mostly me talking.
In a recent interview on a video podcast called My Family Thinks I'm Crazy, it was a lot of fun.
It's just the first half hour.
Of a very recent two-hour interview show, but mostly talking about the old days.
The other thing has none of me talking, but it has Dr. Howell, Puzzling Evidence, Rusty Rebar, Bubba Free, M. Ho Pep, Michael Pepe, the late Peter Goldie, Dr. Philodruman, and the good Bishop Joey from the First Church of the Last Laugh, also known as Ed Holmes.
And callers.
And that half hour is from an Ask Dr. Howell show on Radio Valencia, I think from around 2013 or before.
Because it was the pre-recorded first half of the Puzzling Evidence show of October 2013, of which I played the last half just with Philo last week.
Is that clear?
So even though it's old, it's not about the old days like the newer show with me is.
So anyway, thanks to Time Control Techniques.
It's all new to Hour of Slack, and I didn't have to spend too much time editing.
I'm busy with other archival projects.
In fact, I got a gizmo called The Wolverine that copies one's old 8mm and Super 8 films to digital at two frames a second.
And I can finally see all those unlabeled reels of film from 1965 to 1971, or 81.
It includes the one shot that Sandy Boone would have killed for for her documentary.
But more on that once us morons are done yapping, yakking, and yattering.
I'm the director, and because in those days, the conspiracy wasn't in the church.
And that's what I'm talking about tonight, the conspiracy in the church.
I'm in a lot of experience with the conspiracy.
I'm a preacher, I don't make my living at this, I make my living doing other things.
See, horrible things.
The church is filling up with pink boys.
God saying it's false.
Rapper on the left approximately says his boss is a disciple of a cultist that own it.
Gosh Dane Anne, still not understanding the game that uncle Barry was playing with,
says mommy revolution never was her service when she made the resolution.
I am pleased all the judges of this lecture syndrome,
are perhaps the most delicious mammals…
Let's get started. I don't know if you've been on a podcast before, but you're certainly a veteran in the broadcasting game.
You have over 19,000 radio episodes, according to you.
You also told me that you're going to mix it up, so who knows if that's the truth or not.
But welcome to Illuminati Confirmed, where everything you say can and will be used for humorous and satirical purposes by the court of we three unruly degenerates.
I'm your host, Mystic Mark. Tuning in, our audience of thoughtful wingnuts.
Joining me is my co-host, Juan.
From the Juan on Juan podcast. How you doing, Ivan?
So far, so good.
And Chris?
What up? Mensa podcast. How are you? Nice to meet you. Love the hat.
That guy's smoking a frop stick.
It's a vape. Oh, he's smoking a...
We'll definitely be smoking on this episode because I think we're in for an interesting conversation.
You've been in the realms of alternative culture for much longer than I've been alive.
Juan and I have been...
We've been studying as much as we can about the church of the subgenius, but we are...
I was hoping you didn't know. You said you didn't know anything about it and didn't need to know the jargon.
We're trying. We don't want to get blindsided, but I'd love to learn a little bit more about who you are, sir, and where this all started for you.
Can you take us back to maybe what first woke you up to the fact that our world, our society...
our reality is consistently lying to us?
Is this something that we like to talk about on the show?
Often, you know, the reality is stranger than fiction, and I think the church of the subgenius exemplifies that.
But when did this weirdness really start for you, sir?
Well, it's hard to say because the last thing I remember, I was trying weed for the first time in seventh grade.
Right.
And it's all been...
And I just sort of woke up here.
So I was hoping you guys could explain it to me.
Where are you in time?
Well, actually, some of it has come back to me.
In around 1975, I was struggling to support a family with my job of doing offensive animated underground cartoons that didn't make any money.
And this Yellow Pages salesman showed up, Philo Drummond.
And he was trying to sell me a Yellow Page ad.
And I said, well, I can't buy an ad because I'm not...
My business doesn't make any money.
And he said, well, if you like working for nothing, maybe I have a job for you.
But then he said, but first, do you want to get high?
And I was real surprised because I didn't look at that time.
I didn't look like somebody.
It would smoke pot.
I was real, real.
I kind of looked like Elvis Costello, if you remember him.
So now when people offer me pot, I can say, do I look like somebody who'd smoke pot?
Well, yeah, that's kid stuff for me.
Subgeniuses smoke have a frock.
Wait, wait, wait.
Can we go into the words, though?
Sometimes you keep using these.
Have a frock.
Sip your lot.
We just say frock for short, but it's a Tibetan word.
A lot of this stuff is Tibetan.
Okay.
That's what's in the pipe, right?
I don't know why.
I'm not sure why.
But nonetheless.
At one point, there was some stuff going on in Tibet.
Shortly after Philo got me high, and this was right at my house.
Luckily, the kids were gone.
The next thing I knew.
I was in a cave somewhere, and I was being pounded and abused from behind.
Just being sodomized savagely.
And I couldn't really turn around to see, but I could just hear this horrible low chuckling that scared me.
And there was this monster with a huge swollen head in front of me kind of holding me down.
And he was also laughing.
You look like you're about to laugh, Ivan.
Yeah.
Then I kind of passed out again.
And when I woke up, there was the creature with the giant head.
Like the head was there.
He was there, but the head deflated slowly.
And it was Philo.
And he said, say, now that you're here in Tibet.
I'm like, what?
He goes, I'd like you to meet Bob.
My friend, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Yeah, we know Bob.
Hail Bob.
I turned around, and there was Bob standing there.
And he stuck his hand out and said, hey, would you like a job?
And I was going, no, I need a painkiller for my butt.
And he goes, I hear you like to work for nothing.
How much do you pay me for a job?
And I just went, for some reason, this guy, I would do anything.
I wanted to give him money.
And so I did.
I gave him all the money I had on me, which was only about $0.35.
But he was real impressed by that.
He said, you're hired.
And the next thing I knew, I was back in Dallas again in my little hovel.
And Philo started telling me about Bob's teachings.
It turns out this guy had been a salesman like Philo, but he was like the saint of sales.
He was the greatest.
He had supernatural sales power.
And he could sell.
For instance, religion to an atheist, which I guess I wasn't then.
I believed in almost everything.
I was really gullible.
But I believed in Bob more than anything.
And Philo basically said, Bob wants us to start a little publishing company and sell pornography and drugs and his teachings as a religion.
I was like, I don't know anything about religion.
He goes, oh, sure.
Sure you do.
Let's get, you know, oh, we just we need an enemy.
That's the conspiracy.
We need a special name to make us be different from everybody else.
That's subgenius.
Because, you know, if you were a genius, Stan, you'd be rich by now.
But you're just a subgenius.
Oh, that explains it.
And he, long story short, he ended up getting me to do all the work and put together these little pamphlets.
I got some.
Here.
Pamphlet.
Pamphlet number one.
This thing was published in January 1980.
So it's really easy to date.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
You won't die if you join the Church of the Subgenius.
At that time, it was only 10 bucks.
And we didn't know what we were going to send people for 10 bucks.
So we studied the Masons.
We said the direct mail ads of all the cults that were very.
Success.
The Masons, the Scientologists and a lot of obscure ones.
Like the Church of Beaver Cleaver and stuff like that.
I didn't even know who the Discordians were, except that I had read Illuminatus by Bob Wilson and Bob Shea.
And that mentioned the Discordian.
They had a bunch of funny stuff in this Discordian religion.
But I thought it was something Shea and Wilson had made up.
It turned out.
It had been.
It had been made up by a completely different bunch of weirdos.
Greg Hill and Kerry Thornley.
I'm going to I'm going to pause for a second.
This is our next book.
It's it's Kerry Thornley's autobiography of how he got sucked into the JFK assassination.
Oh, wow.
What does that come out?
Yeah.
He ended up being sort of a friend of ours.
He's been dead for a long time now.
When's that book come in?
When's that book come out, sir?
As soon as I finish the foreword, I think.
OK.
My friend, O'Nan Canobite, really assembled it.
I didn't I didn't really know that much about Thornley, except that he was crazy and paranoid.
But now his book is quite clearly written and he doesn't.
His main concern is that he sounds crazy and paranoid.
He was really worried about becoming crazy and paranoid.
And he really did.
He actually did become crazy and truly paranoid.
Which is kind of sad.
But but he did.
He did write that.
But anyway, the next thing I knew, we did this little pamphlets.
We were just going to leave them in laundromats, you know, like shit comics or Jehovah's Witness watchtower magazines.
That was kind of what we were aspiring to.
We were going.
We hope to someday do.
Pamphlets as richly illustrated as the Jehovah's Witness.
And we had all we had was clip art that came from the Yellow Pages, Yellow Page clip art.
Remember, Philo was a Yellow Page salesman.
That's where we found the picture of Bob.
Bob had been posing for ads in magazines and TV for decades already, just to sort of plant hints of his presence.
And we had found all these pictures of him in old magazines.
You know, he'd be selling Dobbs hats.
Or pipes or he'd always be in a hammock and his wife or somebody would be mowing the lawn or he'd be fishing.
He obviously had slack in all these ads.
That was the other element of the religion.
What do you have to offer the believers?
And that was slack.
The conspiracy, which is all people who are not subgeniuses are are trying to rob away your slack.
That's obvious.
You know, you can't argue with that.
The duh.
It just that explains everything.
So.
But there was a kind of a time limit on all this.
Bob said the world was going to end July 5th, 1998 at seven o'clock in the morning.
It would end for everybody who wasn't a dues paying subgenius.
Like I said back then, it only cost 10 bucks.
Now it's forty four ninety nine.
Price just went up for the first time after 10 years.
And you get a lot of stuff for that, by the way.
It's a big package.
Sign me up.
The listeners can't see this huge package full of eight by ten.
Bob Bennett bursting at the seams.
Wow.
It's got a little decoder pin, a minister's card.
You'll be a real minister.
You actually can perform weddings and I perform.
I perform more than I can count.
I mean, really, what dozens of weddings?
The money is in divorces, though, guys.
Of course.
You know.
Lawyers do a lot better than preachers.
What's the website so I can buy one right now?
Yes.
So genius dot com.
So genius dot com.
And if you can spell subgenius, you may just be one.
Well, well, even if you spell it wrong, you'll probably get there.
So genius doesn't have an O in it, but dot and calm.
So genius is right.
Dot com.
Or is that is that fake?
So genius dot com.
I've been can I do a recap?
The story.
Here real quick.
Sure.
OK, so you go smoke weed.
Next thing, you know, in Tibet.
Being sodomized by the spirit of Bob.
Well, we're not sure, but but that's a guess.
OK, so you smoke weed.
Bada bing, bada boom.
You're in a cave in Tibet getting by a spirit.
Bada bing, bada boom.
That spirit tells you to start a religion.
Bada bing, bada boom.
You got pamphlets and we are where we are today.
And in the.
In this time.
Right.
And wow, man, what a story, bro.
That's incredible.
So that was just the beginning.
So give me.
Give me Chris.
Four people started believing it.
Chris, we haven't even people started joining up and clamoring.
We haven't even hit our stride yet.
Chris, respectfully, Reverend Stang, please continue.
My wife was really ticked off about this whole non paying job thing.
I was working my ass off.
Understandably so.
Right.
And she said, you need to send that stupid pamphlet to publishers and see if they'll pay you to make a book.
And I went, what?
It never occurred to us.
Well, at that time in the United States alone, there were like 150 publishers.
There's now about three.
We sent the pamphlet and like a fake agent letter as if Phyla was my agent or the agent for subgenius foundation.
Is Phyla a real human being or is this?
Yes.
Huh?
Is Phyla an actual human being like flesh and blood?
Like you have a photograph of this person?
Well.
Well, not that I need it.
I'm just, you know, it was, but I just want to see.
That's his counterpart.
The only one, you know, nobody worships me or Phyla.
They worship Bob.
They just got pictures.
Bob and masks.
See the masks behind me.
Reverend Stang, don't.
Don't.




Don't mind our resident skeptic here.
He's a little bit behind.
No, no, no, no.
Not skeptic.
Not skeptic.
I want to understand the story correctly.
Understandably so.
My wife made me send the pamphlet to all these publishers, all of whom either rejected it
or just threw it in the trash.
Cool.
But the first place we'd send them were the underground comics publishers.
Cause Phyla and I were both big comic book fans, especially undergrounds like Robert
Crumb's things.
The sap comics.
The comics, fabulous furry freak brothers.
Those guys were our heroes.
Those artists were.
And so we send them to those publishers and all three of the main publishers just threw
them in the trash and said, why do these kooks send us this crap?
But the artists in each, in each of those places, rip off press and last gasp.
They the art, an artist or two would fish it out of the trash and go, this stuff's great.
They're they're using clip art just like we are.
Cause everybody'd suddenly start doing it.
All punk posters were all made of clip art.
All of a sudden it was like, cool.
We were just doing it because we were cheap.
Well, next thing we knew we had these famous underground artists helping us, you know,
descendant to each other and they reviewed it.
They Robert Crumb printed our pamphlet in his first issue of weirdo magazine.
Paul Mavridis at ripoff press ended up being our partner and doing a whole lot of the best
art and his roommate, Hal Robbins started.
Yeah.
And those guys could draw like clip art.
So at that point, philo and I would give them like stick figure drawings and that we designed
and then they were turning them into really nice drawings.
One drawing cause the secret service to show up at my door.
They didn't even have my name, right?
They, they, they, they, they, they only had my first and middle name or Sutter.
I could have said, no, I'm not here.
But they.
Basically, somebody in the airport had been waving our pamphlets around to people going, have you heard the good news?
Bob is dead or something, you know, whatever.
And it freaked somebody out.
And especially this picture right here, it shows Bob and Jesus and Elvis and JFK and Buddha.
That's incredible.
Fighting a Hydra.
And one, the Hydra is like the arms are labeled anti-Bob, rival cults, pink boys and normals.
And one was labeled Reagan or any president.
And that's what the Secret Service didn't find funny.
They said, please don't publish that again.
Well, it was already in our book.
I said, OK, we won't publish it again.
People magazine published it.
Millions of people saw it.
And believe it or not, a glowing review of books.
Look at this subgenius, which ended up being published by one of the publishers who'd thrown it in the trash first.
But or secretary thrown it in the trash.
But this guy was on a picnic in New York with my sister-in-law and found a pamphlet crumpled up on the backseat of her car and went, where did this come from?
This is hilarious.
They thought he they thought it was a joke.
See, I mean, a lot of people think Bob's not real.
But my my butt will tell you.
Yeah, Bob's real.
All too real.
Large, too.
Large and in charge.
Big old Bob.
Big Bob.
What's up, Bob?
He doesn't he doesn't he doesn't show off how many inches he has.
Is he circumcised?
He writes about numbers of.
So Bob's got that thing on him, son.
He's got a bunch of things.
He's got more than one.
That's that's Bob.
The next thing we know, we were partying with rock stars.
And we, of course, immediately got got hooked on drugs.
We couldn't afford and went off the deep end and had to go to rehab.
And then we switched to just to just frop alone and frop derivatives, you know, from all and from.
That's what's in his pipe, right?
Ivan and Bob.
Well, actually, Bob's pipe, what he usually smokes from what we can tell is this cheap Borkham riff cherry blend.
It's just some crap.
You get it.
It's the cheapest crap at the pipe store.
Yeah.
But the thing is, he never no one has ever seen him either refill it or light it or for that matter, remove it from his mouth.
In fact, if you look at the picture, it's almost like the pipe is glued up against his teeth.
He didn't have his mouth open to hold the pipe.
It's up against these clothes.
It's the weirdest thing.
Great teeth, though.
Honey.
Well, he's he's the perfect Caucasian in a way, you know, bottled after.
I wore a Bob T-shirt around Beijing, China in the 80s, working on a documentary film on my side job.
And Chinese just would look at that picture and crack up.
They thought it was hilarious.
I guess to them, it was an exaggerated white man, you know, like a caricature.
And they thought, oh, little white man knows how ugly they are.
Something, you know, that was I actually handed I gave a copy of Book of the Subgenius to the the only Chinese subgenius, a guy named Li Li Jing at Tiananmen Square.
Because it's the day before we were going to leave and they wanted us to see Tiananmen Square.
And it was I swear to God, three years to the day before the Tiananmen Square.
Massacre.
Wow.
A book of the subgenius was left in China there.
And exactly three years later, they sent a bunch of army guys from the boonies hopped up on meth to go kill those bad students, kids.
So, Ivan, real quick, Bob's message.
Can you give him a synopsis of the message?
Yes.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
The subgenius must have slack.
Yeah.
You can gain slack by pulling the wool over your own eyes, relaxing the safety of your own delusions.
Too much, he said, is always better than not enough.
Which are actually words more like words to die by than to live by.
But it sounds good.
That's the thing about all Bob's aphorisms and sayings and quotes and quips.
They all sound really good.
But the main thing is the subgenius must have slack.
And what that also means is that if a person is a subgenius, it has slack.
That you're born with original slack.
But the conspiracy starts trying to take it away from you.
They whack you behind and make you cry as soon as you're born.
Start taking away your slack right then.
You're just fine sitting there suffocating.
But they whack your butt and suddenly you have to breathe.
And that's it all begins.
It's where all the.
Eventually.
You end up with a job.
In fact, even.
I'm still stuck with this job.
I should be retired by now.
I'm 68 years old.
Why am I still working for Bob?
You need a little slack.
Bob needs to give you a little slack.
He owed.
Actually, he did finally pay off.
I went for.
The 80s were really, really fun.
We met all of our heroes and they slapped us on the back and said,
we were.
Cool.
And so my whole life goal was achieved by the time I was about 30 years old.
And then, then, then we just, it never got big.
I, we, we got sort of famous among weirdos.
But it never got big.
I, I.
Finally around 2000.
I realized if I did all the work myself.
I could, and didn't do anything else.
I could actually.
Afford half of the house and half the utilities.
And so I got remarried.
And now everything's fine.
I haven't had to work for anybody else for 22 years or something now.
So.
Blessings, Bob's blessings.
So I, I, I use, I mean, one for a couple hours a day, I have to sit here.
And fill orders.
I mean, you'd think that I'd have minions, what this being a cult and everything.
There should be minions everywhere.
But none of us can stand minion types.
In fact, when, when we've gotten people who were.
Volunteers that really wanted to help.
The reason they had so much spare time to volunteer was that they were incompetent.
At everything.
Now you can be a sub genius and be completely incompetent.
That.
At all, but one thing that's that, that describes a lot of sub geniuses.
And then there's, there's the kind who.
Can do a little bit of everything, but nothing quite well enough to make a buck.
That's the other kind of set team.
Anyway, we, we.
Heck somebody made a really good movie about us a couple of years ago.
2019 Bob Dobson, the church of the sub genius directed by Sandy Boone.
Who, who actually was, uh, she was a widow of a, of an early contributor who, uh, film
another filmmaker guy in Texas, uh, David Boone.
And he, he died young.
And she ended up becoming a filmmaker herself and she wanted to kind of, she
wanted to finish his movie, but first to get her director's chops, she decided to
do a documentary about sub genius.
She figured that'd be easy.
Well, two years.
And half a million bucks later, she actually got the movie done and it was
showing in film festivals and getting the loss of good attention because it's real
funny.
It's very good movie.
It moves fast.
And, but then COVID hit no theater sales, no distribution to speak of.
So
sounds very reminiscent of that TNM in square nonsense.
Sounds like the three years.
Yeah.
You guys maybe are tapping into the collective consciousness, like an
acupuncture needle with this type of work.
But I wanted to ask a question that comes to mind because it's a little bit relevant
to how I feel.
I mean, I first came across the church of the sub genius being a cannabis smoker since
the age of 16.
I found the church of the sub genius on the internet looking at various alternative
religions that I could maybe try on like a hat.
And I never quite understood fully maybe until today what the church of the sub genius
really comprised of, but it definitely mystified me and gave me a sort of a look into a fringe
alternative culture that sadly I was too young to participate in.
But can you tell us more about how the internet played a role in the earlier days of the church
of the sub genius after the eighties?
Well, that, yeah, that, that, that wasn't the earlier days anymore.
We were about to, I was about to throw in the towel, really.
We were, we were doing everything by mail order and checks.
We didn't even run credit cards.
It was very.
Primitive.
And, and yet I was busting ass.
We did a lot of live shows then we hooked up with different bands and we do these
devivals in bars.
I know I've never actually set foot in a comedy club, believe it or not.
But we, but yeah, I would, I found myself.
No, or at least every month, it's some town standing up on a stage in between bands,
ranting my ass off and not, and never making quite.
Enough money breaking my back, calling stuff to sell.
And, but, and then Philo knew he knew what the internet was before most people did because of his,
by that time he was, it was like a systems analysis for the phone company.
It's like 80 people working under him.
He was the conspiracy.
And, but he said, look, you've got, you've got to do this internet thing.
He goes, do you have one of those, those, America online coasters?
Land?

Hang around the house.
It's about back in around 1993.
America online would mail you a new disc every day in a little can trying to get people to sign up.
But of course they were charging $3 a minute and he, he, he, he put it in my little computer.
Got hooked of computer up a phone.
And finally I saw what the internet was and I saw how much America online was charging.
So I immediately learned how to.
work under the hood and join the Cleveland free net,
even though I was in Dallas, those people already knew who we were at MIT.
There was a big news group,
but a use net or what they used to call bulletin boards.
There's been a subgenius bulletin board there since 1983.
So they welcome the internet welcomed us with open arms.
And about that time I got a young partner, Jesus, not Jesus from the Bible,
but he looks like.
And that was part one of the podcast.
My family thinks I'm crazy with me being interviewed.
Now the ask Dr.
Howell show from radio Valencia sometime before October, 2013.
.
.
Okay, I turned it down for real.
Wait, let me...
What?
Well, I think now we have matters...
We're starting to get off now.
Ladies and germs, this is the Ask Dr. Howell Show,
live on Puzzling Evidence Radio,
and I'm your boastful host, Dr. Howell and all.
He's actually the living embodiment of humility.
In the cruel, gray city of love,
high above the pulsating heart of San Francisco's mission district.
You might notice the pope himself has named himself after us.
Well, that's just because someone must follow where bold innovation leads.
Well, we are both named after the same man,
so I would expect a pope to visit San Francisco.
That may happen.
I remember...
I remember when the previous pope arrived,
I saw his pope-mobile going down Gary Street
at a high rate of speed,
with him standing up inside the bulletproof square.
But at least I got to see that.
Why was he speeding?
That's the question.
You'd think he'd go slow, but he's really zipping along,
and yet he's standing up.
Well, it's all part of the...
It must have been kind of scary to be pope,
to have to go riding around like that.
I'd love to have...
Surely, if you were a favorite of God,
no mere auto accident could...
Well, no, he got shot riding around in that thing.
Well, the bulletproof glass is to prevent that from happening.
Of course, today, the Republicans have made it legal
to own bullets as large as bananas.
And you can fire those...
That's what you're going to need.
...through the papal enclosure.
We're not recommending this, though.
Not at all.
The show does not...
We've got a saintly pontiff in the Vatican now,
and so it would be pointless to remove him, doesn't it?
These days.
Oh, wow. There we go.
Yes.
No, I thought it just takes gravity
and a horrible mistake in space.
And comedy.
And 3-D glasses.
What's the deal with gravity?
Everyone loves gravity.
I offer them a ride home, and they...
In 3-D.
In 3-D.
We have quite a quorum here on the Ask Dr. Hal show at this point.
We've got puzzling evidence.
We've got Michael Pepe.
Yes, yes.
Bubba Free Imho Pep.
We have Rusty...
Rebar.
And we have astronomer royal to the Ask Dr. Hal show, Pete Goldie.
Let's give ourselves a big hand.
Five fingers of fate.
Let's give each other half of a reach around.
That's the sound of one hand clapping.
Then I'd rather not...
I'm trying to think of...
Five things that I could...
Well, there's no point in that.
Obviously.
Nothing could be more fascinating than the conversation which we are capable of having.
So, thinking of something is a pointless exercise.
In fact, so frighteningly interesting that we better not even attempt it.
Also, there's the problem of whatever we mention on the radio comes into being, which has caused us trouble in the past.
That's right.
That's a problem.
What, like Lathe of Heaven?
Yes, or nuclear holocaust.
Or everything ever opined by Glenn Beck.
Is that where all the Glenn Beck...
That's what he talks about.
That's what we're talking about.
No, the...
We talk about...
It's money that causes...
It causes Glenn Beck to come into being.
...an earthquake.
However, we can cause an earthquake into...
Yeah, but let's not...
...it's primarily disgusting.
...do that or use the E word in any context, lest we be blamed should one occur.
...as we approach October 17th.
And what's so all-fired significant about...
...the day of the earthquake.
Oh.
Let me get out of your way.
Oh, God, hello.
Uh, well, um...
What, what?
Do radio?
Play...
Perform on radio?
I'm missing an important...
What's on your mind?
You're letting everything fall by the wayside.
Check the program, stay on the line.
Pay the alphabet.
Back...
Back...




No time.
Got your problems, well I've got mine
Lost trends you shut inside your mind
What's on your radio?
What's on your radio?
What's on your radio?
Where do you wanna go?
What do you wanna know?
What's on your radio?
Radio
What's on your radio?
And you get as a souvenir
A specially crafted Ask Dr. Howe question slip and envelope
Thank you very much everyone, thank you
The show will be scintillant
And we will raise our eyes to the stars
Yes, and now everyone
I wish to present our
What has been awarded
Open this up please
I'm questioning what's in there
Yes, easy
The Nobel Prize
And we put out a piece of Nobel
2013 has been awarded to
I can do it
Are you ready for that?
Dr. Howe
Harold
Harry Robbins
Oh that's not
BSQ
It's sort of like breaking an ampule
No
What is this?
Mike carefully constructed all that work
For nothing
Grown
Grown air quotes
And now I've grown
Seeing my careful handiwork
All shared
I'll tell you what
I'll save half
Look, you can have that back
Wait
All right
Very nice
I'm gonna be like Emmett Kelly
There's a lot in here

Yeah, I'll just put this away
Well, anyway
It's necessity
The mother of invention
Don't worry
You will before long
So there's no point in whining and nagging
Under this intense level of bombardment
It's difficult to keep the show going
Volcanoes, the earthquakes
The government shutdown
Thank you very much
We're going to soldier through this crisis
Did you see the program?
The ten different
The ten most important ways humanity will extinct itself
All at the same time
Wonderful, entertaining PBS
Sounds hilarious
Using radio?
Using computer CGI and so on
Yes, CGI is how humanity will exterminate itself
I destroyed myself years ago with computers
So over that
Now, nuclear
The Holocaust was third, I think, in the world


I think, you know, global warming was one
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen
Yes, nuclear holocausts can be habit forming
This is why we don't want to have them
Man-made old policies
You know, and now, of course, our
The fact that Pakistan is developing its long-range rockets
Yes
Should certainly be an ember in every thoughtful, personalized pipe
And this year will be great
And try that
The number five
Five
The most dangerous threat of mass extinction
Is physics experiments
Really?
Which are, they declare to be
You know, accelerating particles
They might get the wrong two particles to click
Well, it's this idea that small black holes
I don't think that happens every day
Small black holes are created
And they create tremendous thousands of these high energy experiments every day
And they may create these microscopic black holes
Not every day
They have downtime during the winter
Because they get to use the electricity
You know, sometimes twice on Sunday
Obnoxious
I was surprised they made number five, though
They were ahead of global warming, I think
And the killer whales
I think someone's downstairs
Did anyone ever close the gates?
I think we left them wide open
What? No
To the shambling crowds of the impact down there
Zombies walking in
Yeah, they can come bumbling and stumbling up
But there's nothing to stop them
The gates are wide open
They're slow moving
But would they do good radio?
Avoid them for a while
They just always get you in the end
All right, enough time's gone by
I'm going to share a little wine with Hal
No one else
Careful
We might need that thing to fight for our lives
You don't need to lift it
Just move the hose around
Hoser, there you go
This is some wine, I must say
Very strongly flavored
Delicious
Yeah, it's from Safeway
Oh, that's
I thought you were talking about
Hey, speaking of meat, since Rusty's here
We bought some fried, some
Wow, wine is a muck
Air Strong's ink is raging
None for anyone else, none
Busted moose
Some signature cafe deli, hot deli
Fried chicken wings from last Friday
Psycho deli
And we cut into it before, like, biting into it
Right
Like bloody raw chicken
Oh, we, we, we
Inside the beautifully browned deep fried skin
That's a famous burnt raw recipe
Just cut them up like regular chicken
That's right
You know, these chickens
That's poisonous
They're probably not all frozen
Let's throw them in the fryer, you know
That's a serious crime
You've frozen in the Arctic ice caps
That's how people die
For millions of years
I reported them to their ethics department
These Archaeopteryxes found themselves
Through a bizarre chain of circumstances
To a local grocery store
Were you thanked for your good citizenhood
Of pointing out that they were selling
Oh no, I didn't put it on Facebook or anything
I'm only spreading the word now
That poison is chicken
Was it Foster Farms?
You should put it on Facecrack
Because they're the ones in trouble, you know
For the salmonella thing
Good question, don't know
But the, but the, but the, um
It was scary in the sense of
Salmonella's mom and pop market
Bloody chicken
Well, if you'd ever been anywhere near
While chickens are raised
Bloody chicken flourished over us
Have you ever done that?
Yeah, I worked at a chicken ranch
You done them chickens wrong
Were they mistreated?
Yes, mistreated
So were the workers
Ah
So, chicken workers of the world
It was a typical job
You know this chicken ranch in Novato
It was a, it was a holocaust
That's not the Mustang ranch, folks
No
No, that's different
They were very well treated, I'm sure
No, this was, this was a chicken ranch
They probably have a lot
They have a lot of, uh, well
Buterin, uh, oxycontin
Yes, they have all that
And a pension
Here we are only reflecting
The face of life
And the universe itself
By ensuring unfairness
To all those chickens
But why look at it
Entirely negatively
Because, uh, you may be aware
Of a recent news story
Where philanthropists allowed
Aging chickens to be flown
Out of California
To a chicken paradise
In the east coast
Oh, yes
Near Albany, New York
On earth
Right about there, New York
So there are some chickens
That actually managed to gain the system
And retire in comfort
Many people wrote in outrage
You know
How dare they not broil all those chickens
And feed them to the homeless
No, but, you know
Those chickens are probably on the Today Show
Uh
Celebrity, celebrity
I thought that was funny
Retired chickens
They've been





Settled in
In, uh
Chicken Elysium
Near Albany, New York
In the New York State Capital Region
Too old to be
Well, at some point
They must become too old
And rot
To be
Each chicken
Is given a daily massage
And a choice of
Special
No, that's indicative
Nutritive meals
Prepared by an avian chef
No, that's only
If they're going to kill them
Breakfast
Then they give them the massage
Corned beef
Hash
No, they're too old
They're too scraggly
That's why they were going to be destroyed
Originally
They're just going to be


Cougars
Before the philanthropists saved them
They were scraggly
Scrawny
And their feathers were falling out
Like Joan Rivers
They're cougars
They were
They were non-commercial
Laid many eggs
Many, many eggs
And it does something to you
You know
Laying all those eggs
Over the years
It does
I love eggs so much
Well
I'm sure they appreciate that
But
These chickens were taken off the assembly line
And allowed to
Do their egg laying
In their own way
For their own purposes
Although their eggs aren't that big
Or good anymore
After all these years
Still
It's a good thing
It's the principle of the thing
And
What do they make out of
A really little omelet?
This is where
Chickens get to live
The end of their days
In happiness
And pure delight
I've been nice
Does Chicken John know
He has that ahead for him?
And
And when they die
Can we eat them then?
Not saying
Not every chicken
Gets into chicken paradise
Oh, I'm not sure that eggs would fit
Have you ever had really good deviled eggs?
No
And I
Don't think I've ever had such a thing
You're here with
One of the biggest fans of deviled eggs
That would be puzzling evidence
Quite fond of you
Well
When I say
Gnome saying
You say
Note your saying
Yeah
I know what you're saying too
But I'm trying to transliterate it
Gnome saying?
Into an appreciation of a vanished series of bargains
It's like
I won't go
I remember the gnome king
Gnome saying?
I remember his many sayings
The thing about him was
And somebody else says
Note your saying






He was terrified of eggs
The gnome king
Note your saying
I never used to like
I've been translated into Japanese
I like the deviled egg society of Japan
I never used to like corned beef hash
But
Daniel Mee
Really?
Doug turned me on to them
That was a comfort
Corned beef hash
That's a good thing
Like boiled cabbage
You can't get enough of
But they all
Problem is
Your mom didn't make that?
I don't know
You should give them a technical advisor fee
Well, I see
I'll give you a little bit of advice



You know what I think
Let's give them deviled eggs
Many are called
But few are chosen
It must have been very disconcerting for them
To cross millions of miles of space
And the trick of picking chicken
Is picking what chicken to pick
Only to be hit on the head with rotten orange
Somebody

Hauser took his last extended trip in August
His destination was the Grand Canyon
President Hauser
One of the few places he had yet to visit
Really?
He was late getting to the Grand Canyon
He got as far as the Hoover Dam
Oh
And he was overcome with emotion
Did he even make it?
Obama you mean?
No
No
Hill Hauser
No
No



He never went to the Grand Canyon
He only went to the
He drew his last breath at the dam
Oh, on the show
But I'm sure he got to be visited at the Grand Canyon

He wasn't
The work of man
No, he'd never been to the Grand Canyon
Stymied him
He never made that
It's not in California
His show is all about California
The work of God
California
I want the Grand Canyon
It's the greatest thing in the world
I didn't see him doing shows outside of California
Back to the starting gun
The Grand Canyon is the most beautiful place in the world
With flowers and child worship
And the holiest
And the holiest
Most sacred place
The most sacred place





Why, are you from Arizona or something?
No
I just know that
Arizona, here I come
What's their song?
We would give you all the facts
But we're just recalling what we know
But you know what?
Suddenly I have this
Common history
This horrible desire to ask a question
Why isn't there a K-Rob moment on the Ask Dr. Hal show anymore?
Yeah
Well, you know, that's up to K-Rob
And we might have to do it
I think K-Rob is the only one that owns crack
He doesn't want to share it
Yeah
Well, I love crack
Something basic like that
So he should bring it in and we'll do it
Yep
There's no
Do you have a dollar for that?





Someone has to pay for it
Oh, yeah, yeah
Five dollars
No, someone has to pay if we want crack
Oh, I see
Somebody has to buy it
Oh, dear
Forget it
And also, you're right
Let's charge five dollars for the show
For our crack, okay?
Yeah
I thought they'd pay us
So the break is on
It'll be four or five seconds
So it's just a great
Prepare for subliminal puzzling evidence
Information bursts
Squirt
Thank you
Now return to your scheduled program
Uh, I'm sorry
I'm sorry





I'm sorry
And there's a brief sign that's too fast to even read
Horrible
Horrible
Most horrible
Aside from which all the German shows are always either about either technological things
or just cars
And now we return you to our afternoon snoozer movie
Face of the Screaming Werewolf
Usually delivered by people with American accents who don't
That's one I used to watch in Tucson, Arizona
Seems like they know what they know
They used to show packages of Mexican monster movies in Tucson, Arizona, back in the 60s.
And the thing about them is not that they have the greatest production values,
but they seem permeated by a sense that the people who made the movies actually believe that these monsters do exist.
An air of superstitious dread hangs over their poorly made sets, costumes, and acting.
I wonder if...
And you also, at that time, you'd watch it in the middle of the night at 2 a.m.
So that would add to...
It's really scary. Oh, yeah.
Well, it's nothing like late-night movies would be scary.
Let me mention just one of these to you, which you probably remember, called Bubba Free Imho Pep.
Perhaps greatest of all.
Yeah, it's the only one they haven't done yet.
Well, where are you getting your information?
Except for Sgt. Fury.
Is there a Michael Pepe movie?
Not that I know of.
Okay, I think they aren't going to do that.
Yeah, no, well, but...
Bubba Free Imho Pep.
Is the most amazing and mysterious...
Yes, and that's why they're not going to do it.
...of all.
Is he a bad guy?
He's a magician. He's a wizard who is like a stoner, actually, who travels through other dimensions and...
It's ecumenical, he said.
He's a great guy, but they're never going to make a movie about him.
He's a magician, a sorcerer who can cast spells.
He's burlesqued in the puzzling evidence.
Shows they have a hilarious caricature of him.
I think he might be the last one to appear.
Unless you appear, otherwise, there's gold to be made from mining these characters.
We're done with the Burning Man music, right?
We're done with it?
Yes, absolutely.
No more Burning Man.
I was already done with it.
It's the Throb.
But I don't know why they wouldn't, because this is a very mystical era.
It is after the New Age.
There's plenty and plenty of people who will go in for spells.
Channeling witchcraft.
Yes, having their palm read.
Aleister Crowley, etc., etc.
And they would...
And Edward Casey at the bat.
Yes, and they would believe in Dr.
Brayley Harbour.
Live on puzzling evidence.
Yes, they would, because they are too feeble-minded to exercise the power of imagination.
That's right.
But, you know, they believe in Spider-Man and Avengers and everything else.
A certain portion of the credulous public...
The public do and always have, like the owl hoots who used to fire their revolvers at the villain on the movie screen.
But this is by no means what everybody thinks or the way everybody reacts.
Most people are able to make the distinction there.
Yes, it was a terrible thing.
Frightful.
Right.
I wept for my country when I recollected that God is just.
Yes.
Male and female created he them.
For are we anything more than dust motes floating in the cosmic beam?
No, I'll tell you what we are.
We are water to water.
Because if...
How?
If we could attach an isotope to that one molecule of water, so is to follow.
Through any...
Possible corner from cloud to river to ice and back.
We might recognize in each turning how all lives, but most clearly are...
Exist only in cycles.
Like every other phase from...
Wow.
Long, long, long, long before.
Until just...
Shortly...
After.
It's not like those other radio stations you listen to.
Other radio stations have delayed.
Here, for the time being, we do not.
Get it straight.
And so you're actually listening, if you're listening at the present time, in a...
A congruent time frame.
So rare for radio listeners.
But a special privilege that our etherettes and rocket rookies have, who are fervent fans of the Ask Dr. Hal radio program.
It's taken years for us to develop the technology just to get to you directly, live.
Let's go into the dark room and see what develops.
Spontaneously.
The air is electric with possibilities.
Wow.
And think of the other people who might be listening and writing reports.
It really charms my heart.
Many reports will be written about this.
Oh, please don't write me up.
I couldn't even find the logbook the last time.
There's going to be so many reports written about just what's happening.
Yes, I had another report.
Moment of liveness.
A loud report.
Now they're saying...
Well, you know, it's all being stored.
So if they want to play it back and listen to it, they can at any time.
Everything is stored.
A holy playback.
Everything is stored.
Everything is stored.
Most of it is at Wellman's house.
In his computer.
Yes, you've seen all those.
He has stored almost everything in the universe.
There's a little bit left.
One electromagnetic pulse ought to take care of that.
Such as...
At least diversifying.
Anyway, someone has to keep the threads in hand.
The threads of life.
Yes, you mean the seven sisters.
Well, you just...
You just don't want to snarl them all up.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah, but what do they call?
Keep the...
Seven sisters.
I know of three sisters.
I'm sorry, the three.
The three sisters known as the Norns.
We weave the fate of humanity.
Seven sisters is a series of peaks in Colorado.
But the fate...
How about this?
A John Le Carre character called Memory.
It's like, well, Memory heard about that.
Johnny Mabnonic.
Yes.
Memory.
That's what I'm talking about.
The abusive thing.
A character called Memory.
No, it's a person.
A character.
A read me Dr. Memory.
Dr. Memory.
I don't know.
Are you Dr. Memory?
He forgets.
Dr. Magnetic.
Well, there's so many doctors.
Yeah, I'm getting sick of that, too.
Only real doctors can use it from now on.
The rule.
At least you have to have some sort of doctorate.
Right.
Tesla.
The guy that did the Tesla coil.
What did he call himself?
Tesla.
No.
Then there's someone else called the idea.
Thank you, Dr. Howell, Puzzling Evidence, Rusty Rebar, Bubba Free, Imho Pep, Michael Pepe,
the late Peter Goldie, Dr. Philo Drummond, and Bishop Joey, founder of the St. Stupid's Day Parade,
and the callers.
And it's www.subgenius.com.
That leads to...
Thank you, everything.
Thank y'all.
And praise the dogs.
