And then there was the legend of the filthy, crusted underbrews
whose barren hits of men then used the awesome power to deflower
Whomsoever said Barrow of Underbrew should choose
A semi-sentient zebra whose fake old-planet deck was clearly stated that he was a zebra
is often found quite earnestly inquiring about it with a last shade from another planet
A billion light-years from thy very location in a place called Wondry Virtuous
the joint trench is hot for active meditation
Furious, full of life and stance, more gleeful and to disgust you
The finer merits of the barren land
are most recent batch of Saint Seiya episodes
As an escortian non-Freudians made their way out to the trench again
and mocked the French again
A retrograded, not-so-gumey jellyfish was four inches deep in a small dish
which just lumped in cafeteria bacteria and selected, collected, and piled high in a petri dish
Five minutes from now, nowhere near the trench
A captain creased in a French
Professional food with a doubt his mind and a whole lot of truth
Suddenly set his dog aloes in one third
and yelling through his teeth in pairs like a freak yelling Ernest
While the jellyfish man does not seem to get a clue off his pews
A cross-faced another and completely understated
he is a man
A savage is the willing able poor
of an octopod with a cucumber wrapped in duct tape
While on his oil frisco on sausage
Tears ruin the perfectly good mascara of a drag queen named Sonia
whose friends used to call him Fred back in ROTC
As a cylindrical midget made him class two
who was often seen to stand in sub-tribe steel
and scream at the top of his little midget lungs
as the wrong man had done and the disaster's yet to come
Just that second watching defeated life-religious getting
Marley-boy speech to a group of teens
One of whom is well-to-do
a certain group of women on the online
by breaking bushmears
and a student from the state
arriving in the middle of the town on a Sunday
Around the corner on the dark side of the moon
in an oblong room
Jesus played the A-2-Z tune
and joyfully took a slice of pizza
with an amazingly well-to-do white guy named Godai
and a little girl named
The El Queso All-Stars
The El Queso All-Stars, dear friends
You can find more about the El Queso All-Stars
from station.mp3.com
slash enturbulator
And friends, this is the show
of the day
of Drogs
That's spelled D-R-O-G-G-S
Drogs
Because much of it is made from
Ogvorbis sound files
or ogs made by Reverend Dr. St. Fernand and Andy Leamer
the devil
And he is a doctor
a doctor of ogs
thus the heavy use of
Drogs
and dok
A Serial Photo.



Yes, friends, it's time to let your slack jaws down.
Let the eyes glaze over and stare at your third nostril.
It's time to give up the goat.
Give up!
Give up the goat.
And you're feeling soft and lonely and no one cares about you or with you.
Don't you think it's about time you give up the goat?
Come over to the gray side of the force.
Give up.
Stop your foolish obsession with good and evil.
All are the same.
Come to the gray side of the force.
Yes, sir.
Well, I smoked a pipe.
We tried smoking coffee, but that was no good.
We tried sein.
We tried, definitely, but we did have this.
Yeah.
Oh, so you've
Government pie.
Pie and eel and government pie.
Government pie and eel.
Government cheese.
I got a bunch of government smegma in a box the other day by UPS.
Well, you can't sell that stuff back if it ain't no good.
There's no guarantee.
I'm not going to sell it.
I'm going to hoard it.
Well, I'm trying to get it back.
It don't work.
For the end times.
It's the end times.
Have you heard the good news?
It's the end times.
Yeah, well, I ain't about to trust the government in the end times or the beginning times.
Judgment is coming.
You just wake up one morning every day.
I'm in junior high and I saw some of my classmates all night on the football field.
That's how it goes.
So we decided that messing with drugs wasn't always easy.
And yeah, our mom was there.
We didn't want to let her down.
And our love for drugs that we carried with us off the field.
Ronnie and I gotten where we are by being involved with drugs.
There's no two ways about that.
Drugs.
That's my drug.
Sponsored by Free America.
It's heavy.
It's a robot.
It's heavy.
It can fight it too.
That's what high end things are.
금흇
And science can actually be

You're bad, trabajar hours are less with your academies.
Why don't you hadn't never tried liquor?
I'll obviously be able to help you read this.
He's Acrobat Fox.

Miss Knight comfortable, somebody like her removed from their lives?
Cool stuff.
Be motorized asleep.
I'm odd.
That's what I am.
I'm really odd.
Hi, embarrassing people stare at you without a face.
The face terrified me.
You just want to be normal.
Suck the blackhead.
Bud.
You know what the Lord spoke to me?
He said, son, you're going to see buds.
You're going to see harvest.
Buds.
Harvest.
Buds.
Harvest.
Buds.
Harvest.
Glory to God.
You won't even know what.
Hit you before everything is over.
Yeah, the Britons will do something ridiculous.
The Britons broke something in a drunken stupor.
And Britons danced on a colleague's body parts.
And Britons broke their drunken body parts in a stupor.
And the Britons, in a drunken stupor.
Photocopying some of their drunken colleagues.
Robin, pretty dangerous situation setting up for sure.
Hi.
Subtitle from the Amara.org community
Dobsyard
Dobsyard
Dobsyard
Dobsyard

Dobsyard
Dobsyard
Dobsyard

Dobsyard
Well, Wally's out in the garage taking the nails out of an old fish.
What's he doing a nail for?
Hey Dad, look at these mean nails I pulled out of that old dog in the garage.
Another dog.
Well.
Hey Dad, how come I gotta sleep in the bedroom tonight?
You still gotta sleep in the bedroom tonight.
Okay.
But have you heard it was really, might be impossible to pass through the Van Allen Belt without getting really screwed up
and yet at the same time we did it once in 1969 and haven't done it since then?
Have you heard that?
It's one of the conspire theories, things about why.
Because even though we did it once,
even recently, when we get like 650 miles from the Van Allen Belt,
people's retinas start getting weird and they see things in their heads
and the radiation is so strong that they turn off the lights on, everything, they can still see and not see.
It's weird.
And so yet...
Hey, there was a virtual particle.
Did you see that?
It was right about here.
It's a wave particle.
A virtual particle came into existence and disappeared.
Was it a rod or a particle?
In an instant.
I saw it right here.
Right in the nanosecond.
He thinks he's seeing a nanotime.
Maybe he saw a rod head on so it appeared to him as a particle but it was really a rod.
What if you saw like a nano-virus...
Straight on, yes.
...about to infect your whole entire...
Oh, not Lionel, not your actual being.
I guess it's probably the dog house.
What would happen if all of a sudden...
Suddenly.
...all of the virtual particles that come into existence and disappear and whatever, you know...
What if they all stayed?
Just like hung out the whole time?
Immediately.
Immediately.
Our whole reality just sort of turned into a big goop of...
It would bend.
It would fill up real fast.
It would bend.
It would start bending.
We'd see things, you know...
It would lock up.
It would be like a typical part of your tranquility base.
The guests come, refuse to leave, drink all the liquor.
And then the molecules lock up and it...
And then they're ruined at the bartender.
Got to get thrown out by a codeine.
Some of them do start elongating just like, you know, an actual molecular biotics.
They start getting fatter on the bottom, longer on top.
Some of them turn different colors, spectral...
I've been doing that, my stuff lately.
I've been doing that, my stuff lately.

I've been doing that, my stuff lately.
I'm trying to sit around and stare at Chad while he's trying to make time with some hot
chick.
You know, usual stuff.
Well, sometimes they're quite hot in a solar sense and actually burn up the young
man's fingers in an umlaut.
He's dealt with some real...
Chasing strange out of my bed.
Pyro nymphets.
You invited me.
It's the cayenne lotion.
Yeah.
The cayenne lotion.
I thought they bled lighter fluid or something.
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.





No, no, no.

No, I'll be all right.
Hello?
Bob?
No.
Yes?
No!
Hello?
Who is it?
Bob?
Yes.
No.
Ah!
No!
Bob?
No.
No!
Bob?
No!



Bob?






Bob?
No.
Hello? Hello? Hello?
Goodbye.
Alright, boys.
Belly up to the table. Get yourself some hair there.
And here, paint on some eyebrows.
You look like a bunch of freaks.
Hey, you promised me a mustache.
Hey, Toad promised me I could be a blonde.
I want to be a redhead.
I like red.
Come on, Bob.
I love it.
When you're feeling sad and tired of being blue,
get yourself a new broom.
And this is what you do.
Start a sweep in the clouds, causing all the gloom.
Sweep away your troubles with a new broom.
So sweep, sweep.
Keep a sweeping jack. There's a blue sky.
Leave the clouds of black.
So sweep.
Sweep, sweep.
Sweep away the gloom to the boogie rhythm of the new broom.
When the clouds hang high
and you're feeling old, make yourself a clean sweep.
Though they're going slow if you keep right on.
Boy, you're gonna find pretty soon you're bound to hit the sunshine.
So sweep, sweep.
Keep a sweeping jack.
There's a blue sky.
Leave the clouds of black.
So sweep, sweep.
Sweep away the gloom to the boogie rhythm of the new broom.
So sweep, sweep.
Keep a sweeping jack till the sun shines.
Comes a shining back.
So sweep, sweep.
Sweep away the gloom.
To the boogie rhythm of the new broom.

Sweep away the gloom to the boogie rhythm of the new broom.
Can you still hear me?
I don't know if you...
Are you calling me?
Who are you?
No, I can't.
No, okay.
Get off this line.
This is a very personally important place.
This is the Universal Church of the Subject King.
And, uh, this is, uh, Jenny's...
Jenny's...
Jenny's...
Oh, no, what?
Oh, yeah, man, she was pretty all right,
but, you know, she said there was something wrong
with her pineal gland.
You know, she could make, like,
her flavors in the air and stuff.
You know, she would make weird smells like, um,
gossamer duck, the French fried potato syndrome.
She lived there, man.
She lived there five and a half weeks.
What the Multifarians preach and believe is based on the concept of strength through disfigurement.
Beer in itself is an integral yet not exclusive element in the Multifarian way of life.
Most American beer drinkers are fat, lazy snuttle-arbs who have little desire or knowledge
on the true powers of the brew in which they partake.
Most people drink to escape problems and reality.
Multifarians, conversely, drink to create problems for those normals around them
so they can indulge in the holy hour of party-hawty
and be the true social buffoons they were in fact born to be.
That is why the darkest day on the Multifarian calendar is the dreaded Amateur Night,
known to pink boys as New Year's Eve,
when every normal feels obliged to get pie-faced even though they don't understand the power
and therefore ruin the good times of we stooges who take the job every day.
Okay.
All these idiots do is crowd the bars, talk loud and stupid, smash up the road, smell awful,
and give alcohol a bad name.
Fortunately, these gnats will kill off themselves and each other due to the fact
that they do not understand the power.
The Multifarian not only understands the power but knows how to use it and abuse it to his or her advantage.
One power is the holy sanity flush.
A great power of the Malt is to make every member a space shot for NASA, a true astronaut.
Every morning, I have to go to the Maltese.

After a disfigurement bout, the Multifarian enters the Tabernacle of Extra-Meditation
prepared to blast off, to shoot the moon, so to speak.
This great cleansing process clears the head as well as the intestines.
Its effectiveness is doubled if it's performed after a wake-up call game of hide the salami.
The Multifarian will then have gotten rid of all the substances that reside in the Gouda Chakra region
and will head off to the bar feeling like a new stoge.
A new lightness and quickness of step will send the Multifarian on his way
to face another challenge.
another day. Another important element in the way is the act of getting reflected while
having a bout with the plague of pain, i.e. the mirror of disfigurement, by taking in
the sacrament of what it looked like. The brainoma, in which the contents of the brain
are hosed out at breakneck speed, thereby removing all unwanted particles and boosting
the buildup of the loose parts into a more cohesive force. If the beer takes care of
the lower torso, so the what it looked like takes care of the upper. The cleaner something
is, the better it works, but it cannot be so clean as to remain totally purified. This
brings us to the diet of the multifarion. Essentially, the worse something is supposed
to be for you, the better in fact it is. You are told by the medical and governmental lackeys
all about what you should do and what you shouldn't do to have a better life. It's all
bullshit. They tell you all that stuff to keep you weak. They know of the power, the
power of the malt, but they lie about it to you.
They tell you how to live right, and how to eat right, and how to exercise right, and
how to fuck right, and how to shit right, and how to fart right, and every fucking thing
else, but they're all wrong. They're just trying to keep you in your self-improved place,
so they can retain psychological powers over you. If they told you how radioactive you
really are, they wouldn't be able to scare you with horror stories of Russians, and bombs,
and all that other horseshit. If they told you that after the bomb falls you'll feel
the same way you do now, they'd just be a little less of you, then you wouldn't be so
concerned with trying to play with the world.
They're the idiotic gays with their enemies because no one would give a fuck. The only
reason we have politicians and militaristic and all the guys that can't fuck can have
a job so that they can get a hard-on in their heads because the only time they use their
worthless shriveled pegasus to take a leak and a toxic yellow one at that, not the true
holy silver spray of the Malta Farai. The only way to live, therefore, is to partake
in as many poisons available, thereby building up a superhuman immunity system.
Just because the rest of humanity has worked to stop evolution doesn't mean you have
to. Remember the insects in the DDT? Made them pretty fucking strong, didn't it? Ha ha
ha. How about them cockroaches? Who the fuck do you think is gonna take over the torch
from man after we've gone the way of the dinosaurs? Eat junk food. Eat and drink tons of chemical
preservatives. Put hot sauce on everything and anything. The hotter the better. Burn
a hole in your digestive tract. Listen to everything so loud it makes your ears ooze.
You'll never need a Q-tip again. You'll never need a Q-tip again. You'll never need a Q-tip

again. Your ears will be so clean you'll be able to hear somebody fart from across
the street. Eat raw meat. Don't forget sushi and hot sauce. Build the tolerance. You will
survive. By partaking in the yin-yang of poison, enter poison, exit, you will build a strength
unknown to others, keeping clean while remaining poisoned. And when it comes to exercising,
don't bother with jogging. Don't bother with nihilists. Don't bother with any of that other
corporate nonsense. Just fuck that it. Fuck. I want you to fuck. Fuck as if your life depended
on it because fuck.
God damn it. Fucking does. The way of the Maltefari shall not be forsaken.
Oh yes, yes, yes, friends. The great and legendary brother Cleve Duncan with the Maltefarian Manifesto
from the 1983 subgenius collection of subgeniuses called Bad Doctors made by physicians who took
it upon themselves to heal themselves.
Subgenius.

Loser.
Phew. I wanted to be an artist.
A thing like that can be dangerous.
Now I've got a lot of friends.
Oh. What'll I do?
Here we go again!
I wanted to be an artist.
I'm not kidding!
Do you want to eat something?
Just one. I already ate.
Okay, then I'll have the schnitzel.
No, I already ate, but I will have... what was the first one?
The schnitzel?
Yes.
Okay.
Do you have the raspberry?
Where is the strawberry?
Strawberry, strawberry, strawberry...
Aaaaaah!
Stop smearing egg cells in your underwear.
We don't have to swear to you.
You said it like it's a bad thing.
You awoke from the tombs, didn't you?
We pulled you out.
You look like you aren't breathing.
For five minutes we smack you firmly with that dendrite about your face and heads.
Now look at you, all fully grown up.
Do you think it'd be safe if we just go in there?
I set up a little pup tent.
Oh, yes.
But you've got to find the little pup first.
If we went to Ayers Rock in Australia, would we be safe?
You know, just set up a little pup tent there with the aboriginals and the kangaroos.
Yes, if you rub your spine against the rock, it is a great geomantic pleasure to your lower extremities.
You get your little jibbery-doo there.
You're placing it back here.
Somebody say something about geometric pleasures.
Yes, geometric pleasures, what you can enjoy.
I thought you said geomentric pleasures.
Ah, geomonastic.
The pleasures of the mind-meld sex.
Yes, you thought I meant geomonastic pleasures.
No, I do not know those monkeys.
I was thinking of sex with whales myself.
Disconnected.
The whales will all be gone soon thanks to U.S. naval sonar devices.
No, that is not true.
That is not true.
Dog dogs will help repopulate the population of whales.
To the...
What?
Sanyo.
...shall grow like the old seaweed bags at the grog shop.
Can you still hear him?
...sunshine pinky wankies.
Can you still hear him?
He took some sort of pill.
No, not here.
The
When I was 14 I had two different thoughts but...
But what is it?
How about that?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
I'd like to kill my food.
I'm going to shoot a loaf of bread with it.
There's no food here, so please put it away,
and we'll discuss this rationally.
I'd like to make sure my bread's well dead when I shoot it.
You mean you even shoot harmless vegetables?
Ah, there's nothing harmless about a vegetable.
You ever had one of them attack you in the middle of the night
like an artichoke grabs you by the throat?
Them scratchy little devils.
I'm Daddy Duke Weird,
and it's Blaney.
You see, no one in my profession does a job like me.
This is the work of Darth Vader.
I used to be a taxidermist.
I am still.
I would stuff all of the animals the hunters would kill.
But I couldn't keep looking at their big brown eyes,
and my life became a torture that I grew to despise
because I couldn't work on something that made animals dead,
so I got a great idea.
I'd stuff vegetables instead.
Now, I don't stuff mooses,
wolverines, or mongooses,
or any of that stuff.
I'm a vegetable stuffer.
Let me tell you, nothing's tougher than that.
I stuff cabbage and potatoes.
Okay, punch the big cellar button.
Cabbage and potatoes.
You know what happened?
Asparagus and cabbage.
And some big calla flowers that can really be savage.
So then what happened?
I'm a vegetable stuffer.
Wham, wham.
Let me tell you nothing's tougher than that.
I am.
So then what happened?
Some KPFA.
Some KPFA.
A subgenius show with Dr. Philodrum and Dr. Howell
and in puzzling evidence,
amazing...
...
Hey, did you guys hear about some local news of vandalism of a church?
Of a subgenius?
Well, no, no.
There was like a Christmas display outside of a church
here in Northern Ohio
from which a little baby Jesus was stolen
from the display.
And where is he now?
Where is little baby Jesus now?
Not in your house, I hope.
Well, little baby Jesus showed up at another church on the front porch,
satanized by some youths who've been...
rather, one youth who's been arrested.
Are you sure they are youths?
Now, the newspaper report I read said that...
Mr. Sister pointed us to this.
There were satanic symbols of some kind etched on the doll's forehead.
The baby Jesus.
Did they attempt to decipher them?
And it said there was a pipe in its chest.
Uh-oh.
And it didn't say if it was a plumber's pipe or, you know, a Dr. Grabow's...
Well, you just said right there, Dr. Grabow's, you know,
could it have been, you know, an act of lunacy?
Or could it have been an act of alleged piracy by those saying...
Some things you don't have to spell out.
Yeah.
A pipe in its chest.
And it's supposed to be in its mouth or in its mouth?
Or it's derriere.
We are investigating these.
I'm surprised you didn't say there was an arrow stuck through his forehead, too.
Well, what you gotta do is get a good public relations firm.
Hey, I know how those people feel having religious icons and expensive props stolen and defaced.
Imagine the things that they've done to that Bob dummy.
Hell, yeah.
The sodomization.
Sodomization.
That's the least of it.
It's full of sawdust.
The thing is, it's semen-stained and yellowed, and yet it continues to...
And the worst thing is they keep bringing it back.
It continues to excite.
Sooner or later, it always comes back.
A little bit smellier, a little bit more stained.
Pop that.
Bob, get that Bob out of here.
Get that horrible smelly...
Look at that Bob.
He's just smoking.
Oh, he's gross.
Oh, oh.
And look, there's some sort of vomitus.
Oh, wait.
And the trail.
Yeah, we could probably sell that stuff.
That trail looks like the kind of stuff a slug leaves behind when it walks around, you know, crawls around.
Well, but what if we scrape that up?
Do you think you could, like, smoke that trail he...
What was that episode?
I ain't smoking it.
That's a good smoke.
By the way, you can call in about the girl, girl, girl, PN510 area code.
And you can talk...
And speak with good coffee.
You can talk to the doctors, the doctors and the merchants of...
And that is international, folks.
You can call from France or Israel or Finland or Guam.
And you can say exactly that.
Can you say what the open...
What the open man said?
Can you say...
I can't say it.
Once upon a time...
Spawns.
The boy sincerely described about the night in the hut with white woman.
He also praised about the beauty of that wonderful woman.
She was like you, an angle.
She was not a human being.
Where are you?
It was very afraid of her.
I cannot say whether it was dreams or real scene.
She was white woman.
She was a woman of the snow.
Hearing this, all of a sudden, Oyuki got up and came to stand before his face crying.
It was I, Yuki.
But I told you that I do not repeat this story.
You must have remembered that whenever you tell about this to anyone, I will kill you.
But for the sake of the children, I will not kill you now.
Take care of our children.
Of all our children.
If someone will complain about your bad treatment, I will not leave you.
And I cannot do whatever I like.
Some people get a kick out of being poked and prodded at the hospital.
It's an expensive habit.
It makes them feel important when people are touching them and poking them and sticking instruments in them.
Expensive instruments.
The more expensive, the more important.
Some people don't even get sick when they go to the hospital.
They just want to go there to experience psychedelic drugs.
But that's their sickness, you see, Dr. Drummond.
The hypochondriac is sick.
Even though his specific illnesses are made up.
How do you cure that sickness except with more and more drugs?
Well, that's what I do.
Now, when I go to the hospital, I like to think about the meals they have there.
Because they're so great.
Sometimes I just fake a sickness just so I can go in there and have those great things.
Have you ever been to a French hospital?
They have really good hospital food.
Oh, man. In a French hospital, that's where you get that French hospital food.
Or a French airliner. Have you ever been on a French airliner?
Oh, man. Now you're talking.
Oh, and all the other countries' airliners you can drink for free and smoke cigarettes.
And free blowjobs on other countries' airlines.
Like Canadian Airlines, you get free oral sex from a flight attendant.
As well as the co-pilot.
A sponge bath.
A sponge bath on Japan Air.
On Lufthansa, you get massages and free cocaine.
But in America...
American Airlines, you get a full-body cavity search.
And a rice bowl.
I've thought about nurses ever since I was a young man.
I've never stopped thinking about nurses.
Have you hurt as a child? Did you go be in the hospital for a while?
I've always been hurt. I've always been hurt as a child, as a young man, as an adult.
I've never stopped hurting.
Philo is a victim.
He's a victim of this victim society.
I'm a victim of the society of the victims are walking through.
The tendency to victimize everyone.
He has good health care.
But, you know, it's your own fault.
It's true, you are a victim.
He was spoiled by that good health care.
And in that respect, he's a victim.
I know.
I'm a victim of the society that made me a taking human being.
A beast of burden to the man himself.
Wasn't he in that DHA project?
We're not what you'd call human.
Over the past 200 years, the kinds of conscience that's walked layer by layer in the crucible...

You can find out the secrets of that.
Michael's got these T-shirts on.
He made it himself.
We are the only ones.
Did they not say the White House was our primordial suit?
A base for evolution?
Sure.
We put not the evil in the evolution, friend.
You know, I went to the open office.
And I was like, what the hell is this?
And they were out of pancreas.
And they were out of sweetbread.
Don't you know that our plans never work?
Don't worry.
In one head and out the other.
Sound, sound, sensation, flavor, odor, our words sound.
In consequence of this, at a very early age, Clayton began to reject his environment.
And vice versa.
He began to formulate unconsciously the principles of avoidism.
You will hear overwhelming masses of sound.
Yeah, and what's avoidism?
It's a form of self-discipline.
Clayton began to avoid making good grades in school.
That was easy.
He simply avoided going to school at all.
His family tried to interest him in studies.
And at one time, they hired a tutor.
And Clayton started to learn how to write.
However, it took the tutor eight months to teach him how to make a period.
And he finally gave up and discussed it.
It extends not only from wall to wall, but from ceiling to floor.
After this one non-avoidism, he decided to go to college.
He began to avoid the so-called avoidistic retrogression.
Clayton never again looked forward.
He began to avoid people with mustaches, people without mustaches, spinach, Hoot Gibson movies, and so he.
He began to sleep on the ugly rest mattress.
A mattress he designed himself for people who don't care how they look.
They just want a place to lie down.
By the time he was 18 years old, Clayton had developed a primitive avoidist position.
Still used by some of the older generation.
But if he didn't leave college, he was pretty famous.
He made a million たhal for the most ottill the one who wanted it.

The very early Cambrian
The amount of snowfilters?
He helped ky Nä idea.
He cров obviously.
It makes me whole.
Did you do a lot of acid in the 60s?
Yeah, did you do a lot?
Man, like tonight.
What's the 60s?
David, did you drop acid before you came up here?
No, man, I dropped acid in the 523s.
Man.
That's a double six.
I mean, that's a double five.
I dropped acid in the 523s, man.
And it's still wearing off to this day.
Did the Egyptians have acid?
Of course they did.
Lotus seed.
That's not acid.
Well, it's kind of acid.
No, I'm talking blotter, man.
Oh, well, geez.
You have to go back beyond the pyramid days to get real blotter.
You know, like Mr. Natural or Sunshine or something.
Well, actually, the rotted rye bread will produce that.
The same ergot.
Yes, a molecule that will make you sick as a dog.
But you'll see the devil and God while you're puking.
And you'll have a sandwich with both of them.
Some rotten pumpernickel.
It's like bad acid.
There were whole villages in the Middle Ages that would suffer from ergot poisoning.
Oh, so another thing in the news today.
That's where the Church of the Subgenius first came from.
Science in the news.
Teotihuacan.
Now there's new evidence.
They're unearthing right now.
They're finding all kinds of sacrificial skulls.
And everybody thought the Teotihuacans were that peaceful, stargazing bunch of folks down there.
Well, they were skull lovers, though.
Skull farmers!
They didn't kill those people.
Those were people who had died before.
And whose skulls were gently and literally in their remains.
No, because then it lines up with a new...
And some building down in the...
The...
Peninsula.
The Yucatan Peninsula.
There's something...
They...
They...
What do you call it when you figure it out?
You deciphered...
Deciphered.
Some of the glyphs.
And it read something about...
Get the fuck away from me.
Some sort of, like, astronomers from the north.
You know, and...
Astronomers from the north?
In a conquest.
Well, that sounds like the people of the Red Dog.
Why did the Teotihuacans...
They fell to the people of the Red Dog.
An obvious reference to UFOs.
What else could it possibly be?
I mean, because they are the ones that have the whole city lined up with the stars and everything.
These people's legs are shaped like shrimp.
And these people's legs are shaped like big potatoes.
You know?
You see the genetic differences here?
They must have been stirred by the spoon of an hour.
How come they never talk about that?
There's pyramids here.
All the mysticism all surrounds Egyptian pyramids.
Well, because we...
Hey, there's a pyramid in Kent.
There's a pyramid in Kent.
There is.
There's a mound.
There's a pyramid-shaped mound in Kent.
Oh, there's a pyramid right...
Right in front of the music building over here.
Well, if you ever see them when they're real big, you'd say they're pyramids.
They're not like teats.
But the ones in Mexico are as big as the ones in Egypt.
And you never hear about it.
Oh, you'll hear more about them because...
The mystics don't talk about it.
It's all Egyptology.
Egyptology.
Egyptology.
You were just talking about it.
The skull farmers there.
Yeah, but it's not popular.
The Newagers.
Oh, you can get in trouble for saying stuff like that.
How come the Newagers haven't picked up on it?
Well, they'll pick your shoes.
Why hasn't it become the Mecca?
Of the New World.
Well, they don't like the skulls.
Well, we need a big stone to walk around.
Decapitations in the heart.
You know, the live beating hearts.
It should be the Mecca of the New World.
Try decapitating a live beating heart.
Millions of frat boys and midriff girls should be driving down to Teotihuacan and having a big hootenanny.
Right there in the street of the dead.
Have you heard of the Kirsch?
I think that those boys and girls should be sacrificed on the altar of the sun.
Because of the cocaine.
Yeah.
Yeah, there you go.
I will help.
And have their hearts decapitated.
Yes.
Decapitate their hearts.
Decapitate their hearts.

Those, yes, those vapid, watery-eyed youths of America.
Spoiled.
Those glamorous, suffering, poopoo, panting, old suburban yaks.
Because wealthy, healthy, sane people.
I hate them.
Have you guys heard of the Kirsch of the cocaine mummies?
Now, this is true.
They did a drug test on mummies in Egypt and guess what they found in them?
Not only did they find them.
They found wine, hempish, which of course they smoked in Egypt quite a lot.
And lotus seed mixed with wine, which they like to take a lot and make them feel goofy and stuff.
They found cocaine and tobacco.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Wait, tobacco?
Cocaine and tobacco.
Wait a minute.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
That's the idea.
The wait, wait, wait.
In Egypt.
I was with you all the way until you said tobacco.
That is the weird part of it.
Oh, it was something else.
I'm sure it wasn't American tobacco.
Well, they think.
They keep on twisting it.
They keep on twisting it.
They keep on twisting the titty further and further and tweaking it further and it's coming up more and more American tobacco and good old Peruvian cocaine.
And so what they assumed was, you know, they just across China there was a trade route because, you know, China goes back 5,000 and so does Egypt.
So they were hanging around back in the day.
And we weren't.
Because we were just picking our noses in caves in Europe.
5,000 years ago?
No, man.
It was like Conan.
You know, there was giant snakes and castles and cyclopses and stuff.
Yeah, Conan.
Yeah.
Heavy broadswords.
There were still saber tooth tigers.
Hairy kilts and broadswords.
Saber tooth tigers.
Oh, yeah, man.
Yeah.
Yeah.


The woolly mammoth was still walking around.
Dragons, you know.
And knights.
I don't know about.
Yeah, yeah.
You're right.
You're right.
Come on.
Don't you know history, man?
What kind of an ignoramus are you?
Didn't you go to American high school?

I studied the Knights of the Round Table.
That's true.
I am a Hippocratic Oath and I'm also a bad steed tiger.
I know someone who knew King Arthur.
And your horse.
I know a horse.
And your hippocampus is all messed up too.
It was before witches were extinct.
Yes, it seems it's in record.



Bigger
Bigger
Bigger
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Who are you?
Wow, what kind of job do you have?
Where?
When?
ABC.
Thank you.
And on ABC tonight,
we're off to see the wizard,
the wonderful wizard, because
we hear he is a whiz of a whiz.
If ever a whiz there was,
every week he comes down the yellow brick road
with a special kind of show.
And when he says,
a wonderful world, we're open for you.
We're dolphins and clippers and dainty glass clippers
and witches that fly over rainbows
and mermaids and gentlemen.
A mermaid, a tin man, and maybe a
thin man, and one of the
villains, a villain, a pony, a gypsy
pony, zebras and clover, we're cowboys,
scarecrows are crying, one car side
lion, a rascal, a vagabond, boys,
boats are floating, and workers are
toting balloons, and airplanes fly,
and drummers, boys, beatmen, elephants,
they run little fat tugboats to keep on
flying, and where are you?
We're off to see the wizard,
yeah, where?
A wonderful man,
what the hell is this?
It's weird.
And they didn't have their tie on.
Logic is a little tweeting bird
chirping in a meadow.
Logic is a wreath of pretty flowers
that smell bad.
There are no spores on the planet
Klypton, but there are plenty of seeking,
searching eyes looking directly into your
There's no life nowhere!
There's no surf in Cleveland.
I'm falling like a dead man!
Poor little droogie.
Through the canyons of my mind!
There's no more fricapasta, you'll
ruin everything!
And that was it for a little party,
and it's freaking now.
The fly's all green and buzzing in this
dungeon of despair.
Well that about says it right there,
a dungeon of despair, I mean we're all
trying to believe it.
I threw up.
Right.
Yeah, well it's obvious, but I can smell
it and see it from here.
Fly's all green and buzzing.
I went ahead and just hobbled myself.
I hamstrung myself so I couldn't run.
You cobbled yourself is what you mean,
you put a new shoe on your old one.
No, no, I hobbled myself, I cut my ankle bone,
my knee.
Your Achilles tendon is weird.
Yeah.
Sometimes you can just bite it out.
The torture never stops.
The torture never stops.
The torture never stops.
The torture never stops.
The torture never stops.
The torture never stops.
That's right.
That's right kids.
Right on through time, down through time
from the Feudian lords, people who pronounce
themselves kings simply because they own land,
amassing small armies that amassed into larger armies,
and got everybody through the dark ages
in a whole big party of fun.
Death blood.
Hail the Feudian lord.
Hail the feudal fiefdom.
Hail the entire process of this-
And then that just turned into the whole
kingship and imperialistic sort of thing.
And then they just turned that into democracy or whatever they call it today or whatever.
I don't know what it is.
It's called a bourgeois democracy.
Come on, everyone knows what it is.
It's still imperialism.
We can see through it.
And it just, it never stops.
Whether it's horses and armor and swords or cannonballs or ICBMs.
It's colonialism, man.
It just keeps going and going.
It's colonialism, man.
The torture never stops.
The torture never stops.
Yeah, that's right.
Love.
The torture never stops.


The torture just keeps getting harder and harder and harder.


Maybe.
It's just a kiss away.
It's just a kiss away.
The torture never stops.
Right.
Murder is a shot away.
But love is just a kiss away.
Kiss away, man!
The torture never stops.
The torture never stops.

The torture never stops.
The torture never stops.
The torture...
The torture.
The torture.
The torture never stops.
hate evil ears
you're listening to the subgenius
radio ministry hour of slack
sponsored by
the church of the subgenius
for more information
about the church of the subgenius
write to
bob at the o box
2
0 4
2 0 6
Austin Texas
7 8
7 2
0 or visit the subgenius
website at
subgenius.com
thank you for
listening and praise
Bob
0
0
0









0
0



















1
1
1
1
1
1
here
this is George
Figueroa
this is George
Figueroa
I'm stuck in
Mexico
I've been out
here for about
10 years
Oh, my God.
I need to borrow that money real quick, Dave.
Oh, my God.
And Johnny Carson called last week.
George, for God's sake.
Is this some kind of time warp opened up or something?
Yeah, actually, it's really weird, man.
We were all coming out of this fountain here.
I got Johnny Carson standing right here with me, as a matter of fact.
You guys, these guys couldn't get back from Mexico.
They're chewing on the big chunk of hashish.
They put the Mariposa in the galangal.
Man, we've been smoking for hours, man.
Well, you're going to have to wet yourself down pretty soon.
Now, it sounds like you guys, your voice has cracked since we used to talk all the time.
Man, I can't even feel my feet much less hear my own voice.
Well, let me get down here.
Can you smell your feet?
I can't explain that.
These are kids that were listening to us when they were 14, and now they're 30 and living in California.
And they're stranded in Sinaloa.
And that's in Sedona.
I was listening to us when I was like three.
Is Dave there?
Yep.
Dave, this is Johnny Codbuster.
Hi, John.
How's your codpiece?
I am.
My fingers are all over the place.
They're pruning again, and I'm very worried.
Well, you know, you're going to have to just remove the whole limb.
There's something back there.
It's pretty strange.
My feet and my toes are hurting very badly.
Little gerbils and gremlins creeping about the stage tonight.
You've both had problems with your feet?
Could you prescribe maybe an ointment or something?
Oh, sure.
I would prescribe one, but I wouldn't get too close to it.
So, Johnny, man, what year did you start calling this here radio show?
Well, I'll tell you what.
I remember it was back in 1990.
Ninety.
Way back when.
So, 13 years.
13 years ago.
And then we all went and got girlfriends, I think is what happened.
Yeah.
Yeah, we got a little something, something on the side.
But I'm wondering, we're all...
I remember the syphilitic duck.
You met them all down at the dumpster, huh?
Yes.
Thank you, Sam.
The psycho-syphilitic duck is actually...
They're all here with me.
Paperboy is not here, unfortunately.
Oh, man.
That's all bad.
But all those kids have gone, and they've gone somewhere special, I think.
Yeah, very special.
Dobstown.
Into the vortex, I think.
But the three of us ended up over here.
We're in Mexico somehow.
Me and...
Just took them away.
The psycho-syphilitic duck were just standing here.
They're looking for a ride.
Well, they used to call you the blow-up from Sinaloa.
So how come you're so ill at ease right now?
Now, did you see the picture of me working with the little children in Dobstown out in
Malaysia there?
I don't know if you call it working.
Did you see that picture?
Working in hours.
Touch your heart.
Just dang old touch your heart.
Yeah, you're touching more than their hearts.
I was working with those kids five minutes long enough to get the picture taken, and

It was just a photo op.
Yeah, that's all it was.
Photo op.
Yeah, you could...
I saw a different picture of Dave with some children, but I am not at liberty to discuss
that at the moment.
Well, I was just...
He was teaching them the arts of massage and synchro therapy.
He was a great diaper man, too.
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
That's not what George says over here.
He says different.
Well, I just...
Okay.
I'm not going to get mad.
I was going to...
Dave, Dave.
These guys are all hot shots.
I'm going to bless your tuber.
Local cable access guys in California now.
Yeah, all three of us are actually the same person.
We're all in one entity.
We join forces to become one man.
Paulo!
Joe!
Get the phone!
Hey.
Hey.
Yeah.
Feeling great.
My drug.
A message from the Office for a Free America.
Render 1 basis of the game today.
I know about this club and get caughtpaid so that you will watch them.





I love it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Rockin' Instrumental by Sky Harbor.
Have you ever wanted to develop your artistic abilities?
To find out, simply call a better artist.
My favorite thing is so quick and so convenient, I came home in shock.
I love the electricity.
And it was the best ever, ever, just great.
Fabulous.
And the cleanup was great.
I have to buy myself just to give out as gifts.
I love fatigue and I love my butt.
I really appreciate the fat dripping.
Very particular.
Magnifico.
Another thing that's really nice, you can have a cocktail all day.
So dry.
I like tender.
It's crisp and tender and cooler.
Fantástico.
Call now and order the all-purpose nonstick chicken.
My husband hates chicken.
Chicken.
Chicken.
Chicken.

Plus, you'll also receive 250 coupons absolutely free.
And 400 instructional payments of only $19.99.
Plus, as an agent.
The proceeding was a program.
And then there's nothing.
Thank you.
