This is KNON 90.9 FM.
Dallas, I'm Robert Wisdom.
You've been listening to the American Music Party.
Be sure and come out to our parade Saturday.
And look for the blue GMC.
That'll be me.
All hail Robert and Bob.
The mighty Robert and the mighty Bob.
One after another, friends.
I'm a linter.
Follow, follow, follow.
For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control all that you see and hear.
Format 6Z subliminaloid hypnopodiatry version.
Start level 3 trance learning state on tone.
It's a wonderful feeling to be so relaxed.
Drink and be comfortable.
No worries, no cares.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind.
Bob?




























When you say, see, hear, or think.
Bob?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
We are controlling transmission.
We will control the horizontal.
We will control the vertical.
We will control the vertical.
It will signal your subconscious mind.
Flash.
You core a research Wirb.
Flash.
It's a Omarалось system.
Its


The subconscious will listen and absorb this message.
Exactly.
擂
nacional









data
absolutely
possession of a subgenius instructional video barrage tape. Prepare yourself. You are about
to be remade into a new being through forbidden knowledge previously kept secret for centuries
by the jealous priesthoods of many religions. Caution. Improper viewing techniques may lead
in some persons to dependency, seizures, cranial fits, priapic conditions, micturition, sternutation,
subtle glandular mutations, and in some territories, legal arrest. This videotape bears a patented
Dobbs Drome PowerShell time code, which may cause some home video decks to react unpredictably.
Although only a small percentage of playback systems or their owners have suffered permanent
damage from this signal, the Subgenius Foundation Incorporated is not responsible for injuries
or damages inflicted by paramedics.
The Subgenius Foundation Incorporated is responsible for the


Subgenius technology is a tool that can be used to detect paranormal events during tape
play mode.
Special interactive holosonic stereo effects produced on the Ultomate Cerebral Synclock
Interocitor are designed to trigger stem cleavage, or brain division between the forebrain and
hindbrain. Using newly discovered break-thinking principles, the viewer's brain waves are
locked into synchronization with the tape's underlying suggestions by means of neuroelectric
pulses. For the unworthy, this tape may be a one-way ticket down a bottomless metal pit
from which there can be no escape.
In unreceptive viewers, there is a danger of synaptic backfire in the brain pan caused
by overheating of the attention gland.
The demons you may see during the initial hallucination sequence are not real. If you
do not panic, this phase will end after a few minutes.
Ladies and gentlemen, please leave yourself suggested. We're having operating difficulties,
which has necessitated a delay.
Wake up, puppet boy!
Do not attempt to flip the tape when you reach the end of cycle.



The tape is not a side one. No matter what you are told by later instructions on the
tape, there is no side two. However, if you do discover one, don't look at it.
If you follow these instructions, you will experience a profound cathartic reaction to
the flow of archetypal images and racial memories. You may find yourself laughing and crying convulsively
and even astrally projecting. These are normal.
Enjoy them.
Mob? Mob?
That's your key phrase. It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Three, two, and one. Now to continue with the tape recording.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Oh, jeez.
Yes, dear friends.
This is the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack on Kano and 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Let me get a good grip on things here.
Dear friends.
Tonight—tonight.
Let me shut the one tape off here.
I just…
Oh, please, my browser, be quarrel-free.




flop the other guy in.
Friends, you know, there's a parade coming up.
A Save the K-N-O-N parade.
Yes, indeed.
And cartridge one is out of order.
That's the only thing that could possibly tell you the details.
But, folks, I think that we should have a subgenius float.
I haven't gotten for sure confirmation that we can use the Batmobile.
But if it ain't the Batmobile, it's going to be some other Bobmobile.
You know, I've got a six-foot-high Dobbs face we can display to the unbelievers.
And that's this Saturday at noon.
But a special place we're going to have to meet at Pikes Park there off Harry Hines.
Let me see what cartridge one can tell us about this.
Let's go.
Talk about suffering here below and let's keep loving Jesus.
Talk about suffering here below and let's keep following Jesus.
Are you rocking not cats and kitties?
This is the Nightmare Colin from the Big Bad City.
You want to know how?
The help can't win out.
Listen to what I'm talking about.
We are having a brand-new huge parade and rally.
Saturday, December the 6th, beginning at noon at Pikes Park, just north of downtown on Harry Hines.
We're going to go down St. Paul Street through downtown Dallas
and going to wind up in front of Dallas City Hall at City Hall Plaza.
So, man, you got a skateboard you want to ride.
You got a float you want to enter.
You got a veterans group you got.
You got a blow rider by hitters.
You got a car you want to get in the parade.
Colin can't win.
8-2-8-9-5-0-0.
Get in that giant parade for Saturday.
Do simple.
The 6th helps the park.
K-N-O-N.
That's right.
That was exactly what I meant to say.
So, I know I don't sound all that enthusiastic.
Friends, this is the first time I've ever done a subgenius hour of slack show
using one source tape.
But this one tape is actually the, oh, it's a melted down conglomeration of tapes
that go back six years.
What we're going to listen to is another instructional subgenius show.
This particular one is, this is another version of the soundtrack of the subgenius video.
So, while you're listening to this booger, I want you to, I want you to imagine that
this is actually a video.
You see.
What is happening here.
The deviable scenes and so forth.
It's from the video Arise.
Not yet completed.
From subgenius time control productions.
And friends, what you're listening to is the weekly hour long voice on K-N-O-N
of the church of the subgenius.
This is the hour of slack.
And this is Reverend Ivan Stang speaking to you.
And perhaps what's coming up here will explain everything you need to know.
Because not all of you need to know anything.
But if anyone wants to make plans, the phone is lighting up here.
I'm not going to put anybody on the air.
I'm just going to have a tape.
But if anyone wants to call and try to get together a float for this mighty parade through
downtown of all the K-N-O-N shows, including this one.
I'm going to put you on the air.

Please call 823-7490 or 828-9500.
And if it has to ring for a long time, then so be it.
Just hang in there.
You gaze upon any given street.
Normally, you might never suspect that only some of these people are true humans.
Outside appearances offer no clue that among this ordinary looking crowd,
on an ordinary day,
a certain number of these people are actually subgeniuses.
We would have to creep inside their heads to know whether this person or that carries
the rare subgenius gene.
But once inside those heads, we would discover a vast new universe, a new dimension, coexisting,
not always in harmony, alongside the mundane workday world of the common human.


Another world that until now has been forced into hiding.
Now at this very moment, the veils of secrecy can be torn aside.
We, the persecuted, may now dare to raise our heads high and declare,
behold us, for we are the subgeniuses.
But what is a subgenius?
Wise up!
They're out to get you.
The different are being silenced by a global conspiracy.
Weird men arise!
Find out who they are and how to smash them.
You probably already knew that the U.S. government is a sham.
Something propped up there for you to blame.
But did you know that the U.S. government is a sham?

Did you know that the real powers that be are not even people?
That they are actually shambling, unbelievable, unmentionable, unthinkable things?
Yes, Jehovah is an alien and still threatens this planet!
Defy the sinister star forces which mock us all.
Evil demons have kept the truth from humanity for thousands of years.
God has been misquoted all this time.
His actual words may disturb you.
But Bob Dobbs is a bulwark against the unbearable fear and anxiety tormenting mankind.
Repent! Quit your job! Slack off!
The world ends tomorrow and you may die!
A six million year cycle will end in 1998.
Bob sees the world entering a new aeon which, in a few years, will bring more wondrous and miraculous change and carnage, insanity, and destruction than all of mankind's history and prehistory before it.
Bob brings a new destiny for America.
A time of cataclysmic economic collapse.

A time of change that will offer untold riches and power to those in the know.
While billions of deserving conspiracy dupes fry in hell on Earth.
Uncontrolled thinking, controlled by Bob, will usher in a spiritual rebreath and a cascade of astounding mysteries, supernatural riches, and a restoration of lost psychic abilities.
Bob's mind is now in a state of ecstasy.
The power of the mind.
It will totally transform the lives of those who dare to seek them and pay for them.
That's right. You're lucky to live in the end time.
Cheers, Bob!
Cheers, Bob!
Welcome, potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!
No!
NOOOO!
Welcome to Babylon, children.
It's great to be here in the belly of the beast tonight before we get started with our second LAD Bible.
If we could all please bow our heads and have a moment of sacred, traditional, NOISE!
NOISE!

NOISE!
Oh yes, everybody! Praise Bob! Can I hear a praise Bob?
Praise Bob!
Oh yes, we're here to do three things tonight.
That's praise Bob, hate, hate the conspiracy, and what was the other thing? To get slack!
Now before we proceed with our quote, dispensations, unquote, I would just like to take this opportunity to state briefly and for the record that my fellow Doctors for Bob and myself are members in good standing of a church.
But not just any church, for the church to which we belong just happens to be, beyond a shadow of a doubt, the world's only,
BOO!
true religion. Of course, I am referring to the church of the subgenius!
Let's look at the word subgenius. It does not simply mean just below a genius. Sub-G intelligence level can range far, far below genius.
Because it ain't the intelligence that counts, it's what you do with it.
One idiot.
Inventing one good joke is worth a thousand scientists making A-bombs, according to Bob.
The subgenius does not pretend to super-knowledge, but to sub-knowledge. Knowledge of the under-things.
The hollow earth from whose darkness issue the Nazi hell creatures and other demons of the abyss.
It is in contemplation of the under-things, the underwear lurking just below the clothing of existence that the subgenie is.
The secret of whom the subgenial gods serve.
Rather than denying them as
beings.
bat 터
rat
rat
rat
켜
What must he have? What must he have? What must he have?
He must have slack.
And friends, one really good way to get you some slack is going to be to show up and show your support for KON visibly and forcefully at the parade and rally through downtown.
What we really need, I think, if we can't put the Big Bob on the Batmobile, which we're hoping to do, praise Batman and Robin,
we may be able to get a pickup truck or something that would safely hold the incredible, magical six-foot-high Dobbs head that I have.
And there's going to be a bunch of young subs down there.
I don't know about any old-timers.
I guess me and Buck.
We'd be the old-timers down there.
But anyway, call the station, 828-9500, tomorrow or sometime during the week to register.
Let them know.
Or call me here tonight at one of those numbers.
If you have a pickup truck or something like that that we could use that we could load a whole bunch of mutants onto
and get out there and display to those bored pinks in the city just exactly what it means to exercise your do-rights.
That's the final fight of Slack.
Ah yes.
Slack is what the conspiracy wants to take away from us.
Slack is what the conspiracy wants to deprive us of.
Slack is our way of grabbing life by the lapels and screaming at it.
Now back in the 50's, children, Bob himself noticed a decided lack of Slack in our culture.
He noticed an awful prevalence of normalcy.
He noticed that the normals formed a vast conspiracy against the different.
An insidious conspiracy dedicated to squelching our natural rogue instincts.
Dedicated to wiping out our fun factor.
Dedicated in short to the total and utter eradication of the original slack with which we were all born.
Well Bob wanted to fight this conspiracy children.
And what better way I ask you than by the foundation of a major new world religion.
Hence the church and the subgenius.
Praise Bob.
Help me somebody.
Slack.
What is it?
Well if you have to ask you will never know.
You were born with original slack.
An infinite supply of it.
But the conspiracy has most of it now.
It has the conspiracy.
It has the conspiracy.
It has the way of everything in.
And I think most of you know what I mean by the conspiracy.
It's what makes you work a nine to five job.
A meaningless.
Most cases.
A sad and meaningless nine to five job.
And what?
It's worth your bread.
Your food to eat.
You know you have your brain stem goes down into your spine here.
And how the conspiracy puts these piano wire ropes and things.
And pulls it real tight.
Until you can't think and you stay around all the time.
Point of the church is to unknot those knots.
Get the piano wire from around your neck.
And make life wonderful.
The conspiracy is a patchwork of different things.
Some are nations.
Some are products.
Some are hypnotic television shows.
Some are bad pills.
Now there's a distinction.
There's good pills and there's bad pills.
There's a good Bob and there's a bad Bob. Right?
Okay.
And the conspiracy is the bad Bob.
The bad pills.
The bad TV shows.
And anything that you know is keeping you from realizing that you gotta get right with Bob.
It's the human condition.
It's things falling apart.
It's fat ladies in double knit jumpsuits beating their kids in Krogers.
All of America has a strange idea of just what slack is.
But I think you can buy it.
Actually, slack for three-fourths of the world is a good dinner.
But here, it'd be funny, ain't it?
Yeah.
Ha ha.
Three thousand kids starving to death in Mexico City every day.
Big joke.
Conspiracy.
A big joke.
Slack, that must be a big joke too.
It's too good to be true.
True slack is by definition indefinable.
It is a kind of a lie.
A lie of direct perception, unfettered by common sense.
It is not mere laziness.
It is rather a kind of active sloth.
Slack in its pure form makes happiness seem like agony by comparison.
One might call it something for nothing.
But the normals, the mediocritons, the somnambulax and pseudo subslans have tried to make it something which we have been led to believe we must work to buy.
The next rule of the Church of the Subgenius is if you act like a dummy, they'll treat you like an equal.
That's right children.
That's right.
Because the conspiracy wants to drown out the unusual.
They want to drown out the intelligent.
Even the intelligence of weirdness.
They want you to act like a dummy.
If you go out there and you act smart, they'll treat you like an inferior.
But if you act stupid, children, you're one of them.
It's 20th century traditions.
It's the old traditions.
It's all the things that got us where we are now.
It's Christ without a penis.
He's part of the conspiracy.
It's presidents that don't look like they're capable of getting erections anymore.
That's the conspiracy.
The conspiracy is a real conspiracy.
It's a living, breathing, fiendish entity.
It wants you, children.
Oh, it wants you, man.
The worst crime that ever was is the easiest to commit.
The worst crime is serving the conspiracy.
And the penalty?
The penalty is worse than having your arm cut off.
The penalty is worse than having your arm cut off.

The penalty is worse than having your gonads cut off.
The penalty is worse than having your head cut off.
It's being cut off from Bob!
What good do brains do you today, children?
Oh, my God, children.
How are you going to earn a living if you have to think about what you're actually doing?
How are you going to contend with society the way it is if you actually have to think about the issues it confronts you with?
How can you stand the pressure that conspiracies grind you down with if you actually have to think about that pressure?
Children, brains are a great detriment to life in the 80s.
Wouldn't you like revenge on these mediocritons, these pink boys, these box-dwelling Barbies and Kens,
these normals who have made normality the norm?
Pinks are but living stereotypes, insensate meat puppets and food tubes who lack and fear the spark of originality that ignites every subgenius soul.
I saw a...we were playing the Dallas Picks not too long ago.
I saw a columnist had written a thing in the Dallas paper that said there will also be an appearance by an act called Dr. Pinks.

I said, what is that woman who's got those legs, who'll never walk again for the rest of her life, who's going to win the Academy Award if it's an act?
I guess they're going to think the conspiracy's a metaphor.
Yeah, the conspiracy's just some kind of joke.
Oh yeah, El Salvador, ha ha ha, yeah, that's real funny.
Nicaragua, good joke, yeah.
Vietnam, yeah.
They pull them in babies, that's a good one.
Yeah, good, good, good.
Joke! Dr. Spock's messing with an act!
Help everybody, grace, Bob!
But the long, senseless march into slacklessness may soon come to an end.
Oh, it won't happen without a bitter struggle.
But at least there is hope.
For in this, the 20th century, we have seen the coming of a savior,
a beacon of slack, a banner behind which we may unite.
It is the coming of J.R. Bob Dobbs and his mighty Church of the Soap Genius.
Welcome to the end times, boys and girls.
We're going to shock up the house with your friend in the world.
Bob is getting down with you here tonight.
Bob is getting down to help your plight.
Bob is coming here to ease your strife.
Commercuckers let Bob into your life.
Well, I'm MC Cleef. I'm a master rap.
I'm a dog like my lips got the clack.
Y'all sitting out saying, oh, woe is me.
Well, I'm here to tell you, it ain't worth peeing.
The end times is here.
You're pretty mad now.
I've been paying for the of the past.
Who else is going to have to go through a rebirth?
And that means paying the spaceship Earth.
Because this will come from Planet X to remove from us the paintball's heads.
In the meantime, we will have our say.
Get slack and fallacate everything.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
We come in for a slow landing here.
Yeah.
How about that?
Let's see.
What's creeping in here?
Let's see a little bit more about the parade, friends.
By the way, this is the.
If you just tuned in, this is the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack on Kano and ninety point nine FM in Dallas, Texas.
And I've been playing an unusually instructional sort of all purpose show tonight.
It's all on one tape.
It's copied off the soundtrack.
It's actually a rough mix of the soundtrack of the subgenius video soon to be finished.
Not that I can advertise that sort of thing.
None of you could afford it.
Anyway.
But and that's months off.
But but in the meantime, Kano and it says here has need for some special items for our big parade coming up Saturday, December 6th, the Saturday.
And those items are white sheets needed badly for banners.
So, friends, you got.
Now, don't call me here tonight with this stuff.
Call Kano in eight to eight ninety five hundred during business hours.
But they need white sheets for banners that they can paint up poles to make the banners with paint paint brushes, poster board, staple guns, walkie talkies, megaphones, motor scooters, a stage and sound equipment and artists.
Oh, I know there's a lot of quote artists, unquote, that listen to this show to make these banners and posters.
Now, the only banner and poster I need is the mighty face.
A Bob.
I've got a big one, a big one that we're going to be somehow showing.
We get somebody did call in with a pickup truck.
So if it ain't the Batmobile, it'll be the pickup truck.
And tomorrow I'll find out if it's Batmobile.
But meantime, friends, we're going to we're going to get back to the word here.
Once again, this is a isn't a finished soundtrack because every time you hear Dr.
Howell talk in the narrator, there'll be some music behind that, which I meant to throw in tonight.
But can't do it with the phone.
Ring like this.
So, dear friends, this is your preview.
Just close your eyes while you're listening.
It's not stereo, by the way.
The video, ironically enough, will be.
But the audio tape of the rough cut isn't.
We got to spend a lot more money to get it in stereo, folks.
The Church of the Subgenius is probably the single most important organization in the 20th century.
Our function is quite simple.
We just want literally to save the world.
At least make the end of the world happen.
Right.
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob love you.
Bob love you.
Bob love you.
Bob love you.
Bob love you.
Bob love you.
Bob love you.
I love you.
you. Bob loved you. Bob loved you. Bob loved you. Bob loved you. Bob loved you. Bob loved
you. You'll fly unless you find Bob, and you better find Bob right now. Confusing, isn't
it? The people really need to be able to understand things very quickly, and the Church of the
Subgenius, I think, confuses them. You cannot hide from God. He's bigger than all reality.
Help me somebody. She ain't got no legs. My legs are on fire. I'm from L.A.
and I first got contacted by these guys about a year and a half ago, and it was a lot of
fun at first, and then I wasn't quite sure if it was all fun or like if it was serious
or not, and now I'm still not sure, but I'm still having fun. Bob will help you dig your
own weirdness. He knows you want that slack, that slack attention.
He knows you want to make you free, that slack that makes you see, the slack that puts a
cloud in your scribe. I'm not going to take a lot of your time tonight. I got a short
message, an important message, but it won't work without you.
Now, children, you've been here a long time. I want everybody to stand up. Take a slackful
stretch for Bob. Stand up, children. Stand up. Stand up, children. Raise your hands above
your head.
Raise your hands above your head. Go from side to side, children. Side to side. That's it.
Be seated. And now, children, now that you're ready to receive the word of God, now, children,
the churches are so genius, like many great organized bodies, and certain rules, certain
guidelines.
If you were here last, you would know that.
Last night, you heard those rules, but they're worth hearing again.
Before I read these rules, I want to remind you of the great words of J.R. Bob Dodd.
I don't practice what I preach, because I'm not the kind of man I'm preaching to.
Thank you, children. Thank you.
Is there a typical subgenius? Of course not. The very thought is a blasphemy.
The only thing that most subgeniuses have in common is that they're all different, and they
have nothing to do with each other.
They have nothing in common with the conspiracy of the normals.
By definition, the Church of the Subgenius can't really exist, because it's an organization
for people who are not joiners.
Eccentrics, unpredictables, true visionaries. Let us observe a few examples using the hidden
camera.
It was in the first 30 issues of Nine Inch Worm Comics, and I think in 14 issues of Four
and a Half Inch Worm Comics.
Is this the...
Is this man a subgenius?
Between 7-Eleven comics, those aren't the comics about 7-Eleven. It's the adventures
of a 7-Eleven. They have a person that works at 7-Eleven that just writes down everything
that happens. They draw them up, and the whole comic is shaped like a big 7-Eleven. It's
three-dimensional. And they've got the idea from a flying saucer that was shaped like
a 7-Eleven that flew over one night. It was a UFO believed to be...
A subgenius, obviously.
A subgenius.
The approach patterns are unmistakable. And here is another one. And here is another one.
All very different, yet all subgeniuses. They share only the quest for slack and the love
of their beloved spiritual teacher, the living avatar of slack, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
E.O.P.
E.O.P.
E.O.P.
E.O.P.
E.I.I.
E.O.P.
E.I.I.I.
E.I.I.I.
E.I.I.I.
E.I.I.
E.I.I.I.
E.I.I.I.
E.I.I.I.
E.I.I.I.
E.I.I.I.
O.O.
O.O.O.
I was getting messages in the back of my brain as long ago as about 12 or 13 months.
And I just kept hearing the word Bob, Bob, Bob.
It would wake me up in the middle of the night.
I'd wake up doing jumping jacks.
I wouldn't know why.
You know, I'd say, oh, my God, the rod.
I didn't know what was causing these things.
I called up my doctor.
I knew that there was one time I had been under sedation in my whole life.
And it's the only time they could have implanted a device in my head.
I had the back of my head shaved.
I went to other doctors.
I had them look for scars.
I had my body gone over with x-ray devices and metal detectors.
And they could not find whatever it was that was implanted in me.
So it was only by chance that I started receiving mail from the Subgenius Foundation.
And I realized who Bob was.
And finally...
Friends, hopefully by now you've begun to get just the barest inkling of who J.R. Bob Dobbs really is.
And you can get a slight more inkling if you want to join us in this mighty parade and rally.
It says here, I got a memo from the station.
The media coverage of the results of the first round of the station's legal battle with them
made it sound like we were going to be off the air the next day.
Now, this is not true.
This is not true.


Why, many costly appeals can keep things going for a long time.
To correct this misperception, to channel the positive energies and slack of our thousands of supporters,
and to begin our winter pledge drive,
I sure hope some of you people that I called have gone ahead and sent your pledges in that you promised.
On Saturday, June 6th, beginning at noon, at Pike Park, just north of downtown Dallas on Harry Hines Boulevard,
you, uh, it will follow St. Paul through downtown and ride on Yonge to City Hall,
where there will be a rally, a monstrous rally on City Hall Plaza.
We need as many people as possible.
It needs to be a humongous, giant parade with godzillions of people.
And so our show needs to be represented and afloat with as many other cars and people as can make it.
But you have to call the station tomorrow at 8.
828-9500 to register.
And just let them know how many, you know, who you're going to be with, what you're going to bring.
Uh, and, uh, I mean, this is important for the station.
What we need is, you know, we're going to build some sort of a float.
I doubt if it'll really float.
We don't have anti-gravity suspensors.
But, uh, you know, an old beat-up truck with sacred symbols on it.
And we can have banners.
I actually have six 16-foot banners painted.
By Lies himself.
That I hate to take outdoors.
But I suppose I could if the weather's good enough.
And you can ride roller skates or be more creative than this, friends.
You can, you can, uh, become a shape shifter.
And actually do your magic tricks.
Change into the evil thing you really are right out there in front of people.
Or you can become the angel you truly are and fly away.
But in the meantime, let's silently watch.
Or actually, we got this.
We don't have the noise, but we don't have the picture.
So, so we'll pretend we're watching the subgenius video.
Just close your eyes and lean back.
And try to imagine.
Oh Bob.
Oh Bob.
Oh Bob.
Oh Bob.
Oh Bob.
Oh Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob is everywhere.
Bob is bursting out all over the place.
Just look through any phone book in any city.
You get the same thing.
Bob's Construction Company.
Bob's Martinizing.
Bob's Floral.
Bob's Auto Parts.
Bob's Automotive Service.
Bob's Burgers.
Bob's Rent-A-Jalopy.
And then down here we've got Bob's Used Furniture Store.
I mean, he's like everybody's dad should be.
Bob is about as American as you can get.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob, I love you.
Bob loves you.

No matter where you are you're going.
Bob loves you.












Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Bob loves you.
Texas 75214
Praise Bob.
The great Oz has spoken.
Hello.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
We all praise Bob.
And Bob, Bob prays on us.
But just who is this man, Bob?
Some call him the slack master,
the high epopt, the saint of sales.
Others call him liar, pimp, whoremonger,
a sleazy con man
foisting his dangerous scam off on gullible suckers.
Well, dear friend,
J.R. Bob Dobbs isn't some outmoded,
overused deity from ancient fairy tales,
but a living, bleeding deity
for today's world.
Today, the divinely appointed messenger of slack,
the mystic super salesman upon whose wheeling and dealing skills
the fate of the universe hinges.
He can sell you anything, and I bought it.
Bob is the aware man.
Bob can hear a fly cough,
and he can go up to that fly.
He can look that fly in the eye and say,
son, I'm going to give, I'd like to sell you a big old,
big old mound of fecal matter.
And I tell you what, that fly will buy that mound.
Excretory machines.
Huh.
Let me tell you the story of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Bread of man in Yeti, he walked with the gods.
He wore a silly grin and he smoked a stupid pipe.
He fought the conspiracy every day.
He lived the day of his life.
He whipped the stench of many a man.
Followed many children with his mighty glance.
He founded the religion in which we all believe.
Brought us all the slack that everybody needs.
Born to humble parents somewhere in the middle of the world,


the child Bob experienced a traumatic close encounter with a UFO at the age of three.
Soon thereafter, he began to exhibit strange powers of persuasion.
The young Dobbs became a salesman of legendary, almost frightening abilities.
Known to his peers as the man who could sell anything.
He worked his way up to the very top of the conspiracy ladder,
and might have stayed there.
But, late one night in 1953, while working on an amateur television of his own design,
an event occurred which was to become a milestone on man's mind path to slack.
He was suddenly seized up in this vicinity.
By the hand of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
It is so.
The cosmic puppeteer of the Old Testament.
The rival alien space god.
From some more corporate scene.
In this time and moment,
which we call the divine imagination of Bob,
Dobbs received the first of those three crippling amounts,
which form the sacred three scriptures of the church.
He was shown a vision.
A world where all humanity was equally wealthy.
Rich beyond imagination.
But without our work.
This experience combined with his UFO vision,
and the UFO given sales magic,
led him inevitably into the religion field.
He quickly discovered the golden rule embodied in his classic saying,
they'll pay to know what they really think.
And so, Bob Dobbs founded his church upon a sandy beach of common sense,
sense of humor, and dollars and cents.
A likely story, you say.
But it's simple, really.
Bob is lucky, not smart.
In fact, by the perverted conspiracy standards of intelligence,
he is gifted with incredible stupidity.
He lives in a perpetual state of contracted consciousness.
This enables him to act without thinking.
To surf effortlessly on the luck plane.
To float down the fabled path of least resistance.
In fact, to make a million dollars every time he screws up.
And the only way to save yourself from this is not by doing it.

The next rule of the Church of the Subgenius is,
the Church of the Subgenius will help you pull the wool over your own eyes.
Now, children, what do we mean by pulling the wool over your own eyes?
You see, since you were, the day you were born,
you have been sold everybody else's wool.
You've been sold your school's wool.
Your church or synagogue's wool.
Your parents' wool.
Television's wool.
Movies' wool.
Here in the Church of the Subgenius, we want you to pull your own wool over your eyes and
relax in the safety of your own delusions.
And when you do that, children,
when you do that, in five minutes,
you'll be so sick of it, you'll do what God wants you to do.
You'll scrap those delusions and start thinking for yourself!
Get down!
He brings the student to the realization that
everything you know is true.
Under the conspiracy, you're being ripped off every day,
but you can learn to enjoy it.
They're always trying to screw you.
Well, maybe we ought to choose the way we want to be screwed.
Some ways are fun!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
B-O-T.
O-N-A, O-O-O-N-A.
B-O-T.
Big Bang.
Bop.
B-O-T.
One, one dollar.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.
B-O-T.













He called his seminars,
instant instructions for those who follow no master.
He journeyed to Tibet,
and under ancient holy men,
he perfected the arts of landscaping and acupatting.
And.
He also began modeling for hundreds of magazine ads, leaving early clues of his presence.
These old ads are the only known photos of Dobbs, for he otherwise remains elusive, shunning
both the spotlight and the authority.
The church is so omnipervasive and so full that we could not possibly get into the dogma
in any less than three or four hours.
This will outline everything, clear and concise detail, easy to read, keep it near you, and
we promise that any answers that you need will be found in this handy little pamphlet
right here.
One dollar for salvation.
One dollar.
The Reverend Ivan Stang, who doesn't want his real name used to protect his wife and
kids, says he'll offer an immense cash prize to anyone who can prove that Bob Dobbs is
just a piece of clip art.
He sums up his strong feelings for his church and its founder.
Bob, unlike other gurus, doesn't demand that you believe in him all the time.
In fact, he pushes the idea of short-duration personal saviors.
You should have your own church.
You should have your own church.
You should make up your own church, ultimately.
Those who stayed in subgenius and cling to it like Trekkies do to Star Trek are not really
subgeniuses.
Those people are unfortunately humans.
And nine-tenths of them out there are like that, and thanks for the money.
Reverend Stang won't discuss income, but he says his church won't hide behind tax-exempt
status either, which is why he calls it the world's first industrial church.
The book sells for $10, memberships for $20.
The book sells for $10, memberships for $20.
The church urges members to study the literature closely, to keep it by the toilet and memorize
it.
Church leaders say this is the chance to get in on the ground floor of a huge lucrative
cult, now while rates are low.
Put on or good business.
Judge for yourself.
The conspiracy media, unable to ignore the church, has attempted to discredit it as a
mere joke, a pathetic satire.
The reason?
Slack is simply beyond their emotional limit.

It's their emotional grasp.
I was preparing tacos one day for my children, and the face appeared, and it's Bob.
After I joined Jane on stage, and the heckling becomes a merging of forces.
The stern of Jane will sort of segue into the headline.
They do the head-launching.
The arc containing the head will be brought out.
Right up to the opening of tonight's service, elaborate preparations.
All in the late morning.

the name of the psychodynamics of abnormality.
Okay, I'm Reverend Sternodox. I front one of the official heretical offshoots of the
Church of the Subgenius, the bleeding head of the World Cup Golfer Launcher Society.
And we encourage schismatics to join up and schism immediately.
And so, to the stirring sounds of the left coast zombie corral, tonight's religious experience
was underway. A capacity crowd exhorted to always remember that the world is a turkey
and that Bob gives you the carving knife.
About half the people here will have a great time. The rest of them will probably run for
the exit.
We had to run for the exit.
I got out.
And the police officer came up to me and says, uh, what the hell do you boys think you're
doing?
I said, why we're just bold surrealists, sir.
Bold surrealists!
Bold surrealists!

Son, you know how many men we got locked up in the state penitentiary who just love
to claim they're nothing but bold surrealists?
Come in here!
The church is subjected to constant harassment and attacks from every corner, which only
serves to illustrate how much they fear his message.
People say we gay! Say gay!
Gay!
People say we rev gay!
Rev gay!
People say we come along New York City!
We come along New York City!
Don't you have slack?
Children of the dope, I don't have slack.
One of the reasons I don't have slack is that which defines the subgenius.
As a pope, as a hard working subgenius, children, I am into a backdoor that hides my slack.
The harder you live it for Bob, the harder that new spirits you reach out to crush you.
That time they killed my father.
















That was a fun one.
Oh yeah, that was fun, whoa.
That was a big ol' party.
Holy chybaary!
Pay for it!
Earlier on this program we were talking about thecito, we were talking about stereotypes,

That's one time they...
Shock the living gee out of me.
People have been accusing us of being some sort of devil worship cult.
This is really absurd and, you know, people see a devil worship everywhere,
the Procter & Gamble logo or what have you, but it's all untrue.
We have a special relationship with the being that is called the devil.
We're not worshipers precisely, but we are aware, as was he,
that God, or as we call him, Jehovah One, has gone slightly insane.
Also, Lucifer, the angel of light, only wanted a promotion in rank
and made a bad judgment and thus was thrown out of heaven by Jehovah One.
Meanwhile, Lucifer fell sizzling through the heavens.
In the Almighty God.
He hurled headlong flaming from the ethereal sky
with hideous ruin and combustion down to bottomless perdition,
there to dwell in adamantine chains and penal fire
who durst defy the omnipotent to arms.
Poor guy.
Some call us Satanists or the mockers prophesied in the Bible
as harbingers of the end times.
Still others dare to deny.
That Dobbs exists at all.
But if that were so, who posed for all those magazine ads in the 50s?
Everybody, it's time to stand.
Put your finger in your bobs land.
Touch your head and touch your knee.
I'll kill you if you kill me.
Now pull your wallet out of your pants and pray.
The feminist dupes of the conspiracy charge that not enough members are women.
Bob would agree to that.
Indeed, he would say there will never be enough women.
But at least the ones we have are all woman.
And Bob?
Bob is all man.
The James Bond of Zen masters.
The most dashing religious leader of his time.
Huh?
Bob is a sex god.
Bob is a sex god.
Bob is a sex god.

Unspeakable.
Unbearable.
Unころable.

Understandably.
I understand that.
If one of me is Satan, I'll come after him with my whole mind and think to fact.
I don't know if God滲滲滾 does i search for lust.

throughout the universe, all men are bastard!

They just watch their karma!


Bob doesn't care about your sins!
Bob isn't ready to give a blah about your sin!
Bob, jail-๜, todos, came and comes again and again and again to justify your sins, my friends!
To rescue my soul!


The squirting universe, children.
Bob is a sex god, my friend.
That's right.
But he don't limit nothing.
The whole universe is sex.
Abuse.
Nothing but sex.
When the promised kingdom of Bob's great paradise of unlimited sales occurs,
there'll be 25 sexes in the human race.
25 sexes.
Think of how many singles bars you're going to have to go to to score then, children.
Do Bob and sex go hand in hand?
Well, Bob is a kind of total all-consuming sex.
Bob is a sex god.
Bob is a sex god.
From the corporate sin galaxy.
Oh, well, you all heard a lot of that stuff last week.
Remember free love, children?
The worst thing that could happen was you might need some penicillin later.
A little penicillin was all you needed.
You wouldn't die.
And Bob, you'll be pleased to know that there's no trace of your old V.D.
You mean to say that Bob has actually had one of those horrible diseases?
That isn't true, doctor.
Is that true, Bob?
Just a minute, Sally. One scandal at a time.
Yes, Bob Dobbs is a sex god.
Rather than forgiveness, he offers something far more powerful.
An excuse. A divine, all-inclusive excuse
which allows the bearer to free himself from the grip of temptation
by overindulging in it until it releases him.
Oh.

The true seeker must give himself up to temptation,
or he will never conquer it.
That's right, dear friends.
And, well, it's just about time for the end of that mighty hour of slack.
You know, I've been sitting here, like I said,
the soundtrack from this video, which I've been playing,
is not totally mixed.
All the spoken word parts are in.
The pictures are sync.
Live revival footage is all in.
But when...
When Dr. Hal is narrating, why...
Uh, there's no music behind that.
And I've got these ten cassettes in front of me.
I've been flipping in and out
to, uh...
in hopes that they would sort of fit the mood.
And, um...
This is pathetically silly music to go with that kind of a thing.
And here's some more information about the parade and rally.
We need to have a mighty subgenius parade and rally, friends.
We need to show them what slack is all about.
Show them what they've been missing.
Or in a lot of their cases, what they don't...
You know, they don't want slack.
They really don't.
They just assume...
Step up to higher pay or...
Well, I would too, you know.
It's confusing.
It's a confusing issue and it...
Come one, come all.
Everybody needs to come.
We got...
That's...
If you were wondering,
that thing was on...
Mainly on just one channel there.
I'm gonna take off.
Uh...
Ron Lindsay ain't here, but you got Nippy Jones tonight.
Yep.
Nippy Jones up late at night.
And, uh...
Well, you know, I played...
I played 45 minutes out of that, uh...
Video soundtrack.
And there's a whole nother 45 minutes to go.
That means I don't have to work hard
to get ready for the next hour of slack.
And look, I gotta do a quick set of credits.
The people that you heard ranting
there in the devival were...
St. Jainer Hypercletes
and Sternodox Kekever of Doctors for Bob.
Pope.
David N. Meyer, Pope of all New York.
Uh, me, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Pastor Buck Naked from here in Dallas.
Uh...
And, uh...
Oh, man, there's so many of them.
How are I...
Well...
Music by D.K. Jones, among others.
I had to get that in there, Nippy.
I'm sorry.
I mean, these guys don't get paid.
That's all right, man.
They could, I suppose, but they don't.
And, uh...
So, it's all yours.
All right.
Thank you very much, Dad.
All right.
Yeah!

It's the station.
That's the party people picked for 1986.
K-N-O-N 90.9 FM, Dallas, Fort Worth.
A little bit after 12 o'clock.
Nip Jones sitting in for Ron.
Good morning.
Morning, Mr. Radio.
Morning, Mr. Cheerios.
Morning, Sister Oreo.
Did I tell you everything is fine?
