The subgenius power of SWAT!
It's hard to believe they were attacked by an owl.
Praise Bob!
Good evening, ladies and germs, this is Synesthesia.
Very special episode here because Reverend Stang and Princess Wee Ardo are in the room with me tonight.
The penultimate live broadcast from WCSB.
That means next to the last.
Yes, penultimate, yes.
See, I was under the impression this might be the last.
Well, it could be, but I figured, you know, we might as well do every live show we can while we can here.
I gotta admit though, it's really cold in this room.
It's the same studio when you move away from that board.
It's icy cold.
Well, you're right underneath the vents there, and that's the way I like it.
Personally, I would keep the studio this cold all year round, constantly.
This is my ideal temperature.
It's a lot easier over there.
No, I was sitting right there where you're sitting right now just a few minutes ago during the previous hour, and I found myself saying, this air is deliciously cold.
That is...
You know, my Texas studio is in the living room, and I have to turn the heating or the AC off to record because it's noisy.
You can really hear it on these cheesy mics of mine.
You know what's funny is there's a lot of stuff that you cannot hear over the air that you can hear in the headphones on the studio.
Like last week, I was listening to Crabbe.
Crabbe Radio on my way home, and I heard comments about some kind of background noise that I could not hear from my car stereo.
And there are other times when I have listened to recordings of my own program, and I make a comment about some kind of background noise that's awful, and yet I can't hear it on the recording.
Well, for a long time, Dave had this buzz on his phone that drove me crazy, but other people didn't seem to be bothered by it.
Yeah.
Well, you know, it was entirely appropriate.
There should always be a buzz on that line.
And by the way, Buzz Buzz, Dave, if you're out there, 216- from the West, the S-5, like you didn't know the number already.
And we might even take a few other calls.
So this is a unique special occasion here on Synesthesia.
I normally don't start the talk show until 11 p.m., but the circumstances are a little different tonight.
And so that's why I need to advise you right now that portions of the following broadcast may be objectionable to some members of the audience.
Therefore, Bob.
Advises listener discretion.
And any views or opinions expressed in the program are not necessarily those of Bob or Cleveland State University.
And I know that I have been very fortunate to have the Hour of Slack as my lead-in for over 16 years now.
Wow.
And I cannot say enough good things about having you as a lead-in because it has allowed me to get exposed to more listeners.
And I can't say enough bad things about how things turned out.
Like, I mean, Bob keeps letting us down.
But did Bob let us down or did we let Bob down?
Is that why the saucers haven't come yet?
Or have they and we just don't know it?
We just don't know nothing.
We don't know nothing about what Bob's got in mind or neither does he, no doubt.
He's probably sort of forgotten about the whole thing.
That's why he's so happy.
That's why he's smiling all the time.
He has that smile on his face that says, I don't know something you know.
And that's a kind of freedom.
I know that when Bob smiles, I'll ignore bad weather.
What about the dog?
What about the dog?
What about the dog?
He'll pee the floor.
Well, we don't want to start singing our rock opera.
Well, you know, I am flattered that you did so on my program.
Thanks.
We have the whole 20-minute opera here.
The opera's only 20 minutes?
We truncated it quite a bit from the original, which is Tommy by The Who.
It's now called Buddy.
And it's not rehearsed enough yet.
No, no.
We're working on it.
We'll get there.
We'll present it when it's ready.
We know it by heart.
In fact, I've had it as an earworm.
It kind of mixes between the original Tommy lyrics and the new Buddy lyrics.
Sometimes it's Peter Townsend singing, sometimes it's us.
And the words change.
But the music hasn't left my head in about four days now.
That's when you know you're onto something, when the music won't get out of your head.
Did you actually compose any original songs yourself here for this?
No, no.
This is the lowest form of songwriting, filk singing.
We just took an existing thing everybody knows, changed the words slightly,
so it's not about a...
It's a parody.
I've done that myself on a few occasions.
Oh, sure.
I have...
I have...
Slackman.
Yes.
Do you still have the recording of that?
Because I don't.
Oh, I'm sure.
I lost it.
I lost my original recording of Slackman.
Now we have a recording of you saying, I lost it.
Yeah.
Well, you know what?
I might go do karaoke later tonight and I could just change the lyrics.
Yeah.
I could do that.
And record.
I've written a couple of poop songs based on existing songs.
Well, that's the easiest thing to do.
It's the lowest form of songwriting.
Don't you say that poop songs are easy, man.
I'd like to see you write 10 albums worth like the Toilet Bowl Cleaners did.
Actually, Princess, we and I have a band that only records once every 10 years or so.
And the name of our band is...
Pooh Water.
Pooh Water Towel.
Pooh Water Towel.
Pooh Water Towel.
Pooh Water Towel.
It's, you know, if the toilet overflows and the poo water comes out, you have a towel
that lays on there.
And what are you going to do with that towel afterwards?
You know, are you really going to wash the poo water towel?
One of life's bleachable moments.
Or you're just going to throw it away and get a new towel.
You ever see the show Doc Martin?
I remember seeing an episode where like there was everybody who went to the clinic was getting
sick.
And it's because they were serving everybody tea and the dishwasher was all messed up.
And like, you could save people tea with cups that have been washed in poo or...
Oh, so that's how you pronounce it.
Pooh Water.
Pooh Water.
Yeah, you just leave the tea out.
That depends on your...
But you can't leave the pee out.
Damn right.
That's a different band.
We could go on and on and on about the subtleties of pronunciation of, you know, waste products.
But let's take a call here.
I don't know who this is.
I don't know if this is Dave or not.
I don't think it is him.
Hello, you're on the radio.
Hey.
Hey.
Turn it down.
There we go.
Hey.
Hey, great to talk to you guys.
Does Bob own any pets or is he just in charge of all of them?
I don't know.
We are his pets and he owns us, yes.
Actually, he had a dog named Fido and a dog named Rover at some point in the past, but
that's all we really know.
We...
Kind of mysterious, huh?
We're his dogs.
Yes, we're his dogs.
I agree.
We're Bob's dogs.
Yeah.
I can think of worse ways to go, you know.
I've...
I was lucky enough to see Bob once.
Yeah.
Yes.
I was at a coffee shop and he came in with his pipe blazing as it always is.
And they're like, you can't smoke that in here.
And Bob just stood there and just kept on smiling and, you know, you don't want to try and remove that pipe.
No.
You don't want to see what's in there.
You don't want to see what happens when you try and pull.
You will rip your arm out of your socket before you can pull that pipe out of Bob's mouth.
Ouch.
And sad to say the, you know, because he just stood there with his smile, you know, they
threw him out into the street and a bus came along right there, ran him over.
You know, the first time I saw Bob was on the short way.
I saw him again.
I saw him again, though, the next day he was just fine.
In fact, he was even better from it.
He won a multimillion dollar settlement.
Did he really?
Oh, yeah.
No.
Whatever happens to Bob, it's good luck for him.
Wow.
Yeah.
Whatever Bob wants just happens to be what's going to happen anyway.
Sometimes he's in the mood for some kind of painful disaster, but not often.
But it all works out in the end for him.
And he usually makes a million bucks at least.
He makes a million bucks every time he screws up.
Yeah.
Every time.
And that was true even before his immaculation.
Ah, yes, the immaculation.
That may have been why Jehovah One chose him.
It's like, Lord, this human is even more powerful than I.
You were playing during your portion of the broadcast all along the watchtower, and I
think that was actually put out by Jehovah One's witnesses.
No, I get it, because his watchtower is actually on the wall.








He's a watchtower.
And awake, that was their other publication.
Boy, their artwork.
That's the one thing I miss.
Those have gone downhill.
Their artwork used to be beautiful paintings, and now it's so modernistic.
You know.
They just don't paint the mushroom clouds with the same brilliance as they used to.
No, the big fist hovering over the flaming planet.
It's all new agey, modern-y looking.
That's the one thing I miss about having a Kingdom Hall.







in my neighborhood is free copies of Awake.
They don't show up in my lobby anymore.
Is it true that Bob can never get cancer?
Can never get cancer?
Well, of course Bob can get cancer,
but the question is, what does the cancer do to him?
Right, and what does he do with it?
Yeah.
He can turn it into a positive.
He could probably, probably in his case, it's contagious.
And that is why they tried to abolish him.
That's why they tried to lock him up and quarantine him.
But of course, we saw how that worked out for Bob.
You're right.
You try to put walls around him.
Every one of those, the judge, the DA, all of them got cancer.
Yeah.
The warden, the bailiff, the jailers,
everyone who tried to jail Bob.
Even the executioners who tried to put him down.
But it was his cancer and they loved it.
They died with a big smile on their face.
So this is slack.
There is no cancer like Bob's cancer.
Yeah, that's a good one.
So what else?
Any other questions, caller?
Yeah, does Bob own a cell phone?
Can I call him?
How much time do you have?
Do you know how long Bob's phone number is?
20 minutes.
You know how long Bob's phone number is?
You ever tried to make an international call?
Well, raise that number of digits by an order of magnitude.
That's how long it's going to take you to dial Bob's phone.
By the time you actually get a ringtone,
by the time you actually hear the phone ringing,
it's already July 5th, 1998.
When's the last time you guys talked to Bob?
Did you ever?
I mean, we prayed to him before.
I was standing on a stage during one of our devivals,
in San Francisco,
on the fateful night of January 20th, 1984.
Totally unexpectedly, Bob appears backstage.
We all just kind of stared like,
huh, what?
Dr. Hal had the presence of mind to go out and get on the mic
and excitedly introduce him.
Bob walked out, and before he could say a word,
his own beloved disciple, Puzzling Evidence,
ran out with a handgun and shot him dead.
Oh, my God.
And some of us, well, Puzzling Evidence was immediately brained
with a handy whiskey bottle that was nearby, but...
Everybody was shocked.
I thought it was tequila.
Huh?
Well, you hear all kinds of stuff.
It was empty.
It was an empty bottle.
Anyway.
Uh, he did bounce back,
but he quit coming to shows after the second time he was shot dead.
Well, Bob was actually able to salvage some of the metal from that bullet,
and it turned out that it was actually worth more than its weight
once he melted it down.
You know, that was the one time we saw him without part of the pipe.
The pipe broke in half.
Yeah.
There's an excellent...
But it grew back.
It grew back later.
All of this, by the way, can be seen in the subgenius documentary movie,
the original, the first subgenius documentary movie called Arise,
which we put together many years ago.
And it's also in the new movie that's coming out soon,
which is called J.R. Bob Bob's End of the Church of the Subgenius.
Can't wait to see it.
I sure do hope it gets a distributor and gets on Netflix or something.
It's really...
It's really slick.
It's very, very entertaining.
Moves really fast.
He's speaking in terms of his own opinion, of course, here.
That's not my movie.
I didn't make it.
This non-commercial station does not endorse or make qualitative statements
about any product out there for sale or rent.
But, you know...
I'm saying that I hope to be able to see it again.
I've seen it five times in movie theaters at film festivals.
And I think Reverend Stang was just expressing his own personal feelings.
Exactly.
It's my...
It's my admiration for the director, the editor, the camera people.
That was a...
The writer, the sound mixer, the music person.
All of the elements of it are really professional.
And they were very well paid by the director, Sandy Boone.
And it just showed in Australia at two different festivals.
The only people who have seen it are people who have gone to film festivals.
Right.
And I'm sad to say that I have not been to a film festival in many years.
I think...
And it's been eight years, I think, since the last film festival I went to.
I don't know if you know who knows that number off the top of his head.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
You're on the radio.
What?
Yeah, wake up, Dave.
I'm awake.
I'm pulling...
Get your act together, man.
I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to go, man.
Your face is on fire.
Put your face out, dude.
You know the ancient martial technique of face biting?
Yeah.
As a form of self-protection.
What are you talking about, dude?
I'm a third-degree black belt in face biting.
Third degree?
Yeah.
That means you've been questioning for the longest period of time...
It's the Bob Alarm.
...then we set back to the countryside.
It's the Bob Alarm?
Yeah.
What, is he here?
No, I don't know what it means.
We've never heard it before.
Oh, man.
No, this is not good.
This is not good.
Oh, it stopped.
Is it...
Oh, that's even scarier.
Yeah.
That is...
The only thing scarier than the Bob Alarm is the Bob Alarm.
The Bob Alarm is stopping.
Yes.
Oh, my God.
I saw Bob in the sky.
Like, what's going to happen to us?
I don't know.
Well, you know, if we can truly try to emulate Bob, it'll be okay.
We'll be just fine.
It's all good luck at the end.
The atmosphere is going to catch on fire.
I need some help on that.
Do you think so, Stan?
Do you think that's really true?
Help on what?
Huh?
What was I listening to?
What Dr. Sinister just said.
Do you think that's really true?
Yeah, whatever he said there.
I was trying to figure out...
Everything I say is true.
This statement is a lie.
Bob, Bob belies reliance.
Don't lie.
What?
Hey, Dave, I got a couple more good reviews of our slack that I need to read because of the last one.
This portion of shameless self-promotion is brought to you by the Church of the Serb Genius.
Well, these are real reviews that were on Apple podcast version of it.
And, okay, this guy says,
This show is the best slackful broadcast I know.
Long live Haas and puzzling evidence.
It makes more sense than any religion I have seen.
I love Bob Woo.
It's like Fireside Theater on crack or, more accurately, on Bob.
Always uplifting.
Download it.
Gain slack and praise Bob.
And then here's my favorite one.
And this one's from Canada.
Pretty much unlistenable.
Pretty much unlistenable.
See, there's a small clique of Canadians that have an agenda.
Whatever happened to St. Bucky?
Oh, he was never a problem.
St. Bucky is still around.
He was in the Canadian Army for a while.
He got married and had a kid.
He almost came to X Day again a few times.
He used to.
I think he had trouble with the...
The GFY group.
This is a different Bucky than the one that I know.
No, there's the Bucky in Germany.
That's a different...
That's a different Bucky, yes.
I'm talking about the Canadian Bucky.
And Buckminster Fuller is nowhere to be found.
You know what?
Seriously, if I ever have a son...
Oh, he's at Owen Ann's house.
If I ever have a son, I will name him Buckminster.
Well, he's still busy baking his geodesic bones.
Yeah.
And Buckminster wasn't even...
Bucky Fuller's first name.
He chose to go by his middle name, Buckminster.
Yeah, well, he was naming himself after those Bucky balls.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think his first name should have been Pork Illusion.
For all I know, it might have been.
By the way, one of the top three archivists of Buckminster Fuller
is our old buddy, Uncle Dr. Onan Canobite.
He's also our main archivist of a couple other...
Somewhat more obscure names.
And when I croak, he gets the shed, the Dobbs Shed in Texas,
which has all of our archives.
That shed currently has two air conditioner units running all the time.
You gotta climate control those archives, man.
Yeah.
Not too happy he agreed to that.
Well, it's 100 degrees there now.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
It's probably about 80 in the shed.
But it feels like...
When I come to visit, it will be wintertime.
It's really nice weather then.
It's beautiful in the winter.
No, I went to Raleigh.
That's the farthest south I've been in the United States.
I went to Raleigh in March, and it was too hot in March.
Heck.
They have watermelon festivals in Alachua, Florida in the beginning of May.
Their watermelon crop was already in.
It was the end of May.
Down by the bay where the watermelons grew?
Yep.
Where the water increased by the numbers, too.
There's five of them now.
They have big, big, big, shiny, shiny teeth.
I like to beat gophers and watermelons with a stick.
Watermelons with a stick?
Yeah, beat the hell out of them.
They used to use that as a punch in the face.
I was beating a watermelon with a small baseball bat.
At the Foley table.
Does anybody know what a Foley table is?
A Foley table?
That's for recording sound effects for movies.
Yeah.
Yeah, you smash a watermelon for a body hitting a pavement.
And that's what they call a Foley folly.
What?
What?
I thought that was clever as hell.
I'll have to try and remember that, but I'm having problems remembering things.
No.
No.
Well, how much of it's really worth remembering to begin with?
Wait, what were we talking about?
I think we were talking about meteorites.
I have to keep very careful notes.
But what about the vegans out there?
They don't want to eat meteorites.
They want to eat vegierites.
You know?
Oh, man.
Dr. Dark said he was going to come back from the dead.
Yes, he did.
Yes, he did.
He warned us.
Exit stage left.
Exit stage left.
That is definitely the worst pun that's going to be on the air tonight.
Oh, that sounds like a challenge.
I had an all plant burger.
An all vegetable burger.
Like they're selling it in many places that I shouldn't name.
I was walking through the produce aisle and I saw a sign that said healthy beets.
But I kept on walking because I only rock out to sick beets.
A ham sandwich.
A ham sandwich walks in a bar.
The bartender says, sorry, we don't serve food here.
See the difference between those two jokes?
The one I told about.
The beets.
I made that up myself.
You want to hear one?
I made one up.
You want to hear another one?
Not really.
A horse walks into a bar and he says, and the bartender says, show me your ID.
And he says, I left my wallet in the stable.
I just made that up.
Horse walks into a bar.
Bartender says, why the long face?
The horse says, I stripped your mother.
Oh, there you go.
Hey, a panda walks in a bar.
My saying joke is a bar walk.
A dog walks into a dog.
Same kind of thing.
There's a little, the saying brings a little growth on the side of his head that looks just like a little talking version of his regular head.
He walks in the bar and the bartender says, hey, man, we don't serve freaks in here.
And the little talking head goes, you're telling me, man, I've been trying to get rid of this a-hole for the last half an hour.
That's really funny considering that you have a double mean baby head hanging off the back of your head.
No kidding, Dave.
You can't.
It's gibbering.
It is not my fault.
It is a matter of perception.
I do not see the tiny baby head on the back of mine.
And it does nothing.
Actually, you can.
Nonetheless, there.
There's a.
How about this one?
A panda walks into a bar.
The bartender says, hey, dude, not everything is black and white.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I made that up.
A C, an E flat, and a G walk into a bar.
The bartender says.
The bartender says we don't serve minors.
That's deep, man.
But that's absolutely true.
Those notes are the actual three notes of the triad of the C minor chord.
I'll be in town all week.
Thank you.
Yeah.
You're a waitress.
But.
Dr. Dark said that he was going to prove there was life after death.
He was going to come back like Houdini, who didn't.
But I think he.
Houdini, who didn't.
I think Dr. Dark.
The most deadly punster who ever walked the earth.
And they always.
He always got heckler of the year at the Bobby Awards.
He was just.
All right.
You want to hear a really bad one?
Torture expert of puns.
So a frog walks into a bank.
And he introduces himself as Kermit Jagger.
And the loan officer he meets.
Her name is Patricia Wack.
And he says, you know, I'm.
Yeah, my father is Mick Jagger, but I'm trying to get out from under his shadow.
And I just, you know, because Mick Jagger got around.
Right.
Right.
And he's like, well, but so I need to take out a loan to start my own business here.
And Patricia Wack says, well, I mean, you know, with your credit score being what it is as a frog.
I don't think, you know, I don't think we can do this without some collateral.
So he pulls out this like Jade elephant sculpture thing.
And he says, well, how about this?
How's this for collateral?
You know?
And she says, I don't know.
It's kind of small.
Let me ask my manager.
So she goes to the bank office and talks to the bank manager.
And she's like, what is this thing?
And like, why should we, you know, can we give this?
The manager just says, relax.
It's a knickknack.
Paddy Wack.
Give the frog alone.
His old man's a rolling stone.
That was horrible.
That was not what we wanted.
You knew it was going to be something like that.
It was horrible.
It was good.
Anyway, anyway.
I remember that.
That's what you call a shaggy mammoth stone.
I'll never forget.
It's like a bad day in a mental institution.
My mom told me she was getting a hip replacement.
I said, good for you, mom.
You haven't been hip since the seventies.
Oh, that's better.
I laughed, but it was bad.
I laughed internally.
So funny.
You forgot to laugh.
Yes.
So there is.
I mean, I think I'm going to have to go back to the old man's story.









I'm going to have to go back to the old man's story.




I'll tell you what, it's life after death, but it's a kind of death.
It's in life.
Death by pun.
What does Bob say about the afterlife?
I think it's time for you to read a book called The Book of the Subgenius.
Okay.
It's been in print for sales since 1978.
When was the first?
Wait.
The first?
The original pamphlet was published in 78, right?
Actually, it was.
It was a pre-published book.


It came up from the printer on January 2nd, 1980.
Book of the Subgenius was published originally in 1983, flopped.
Then it was published by somebody else in 85 and did much better.
So it's still around.
None of our other books are.
We did four or five books after that, and they're all out of print.
Nobody cares.
So this all started in Berkeley, right?

No.
What are you talking about, dude?
No.
It will.
Was JFK shot in Berkeley?
No, no.
These guys went to Berkeley, didn't they?
No.
For crying out loud.
No.
The Puzzling Evidence show started in Berkeley in 1982, three hours before the Hour of Slack.
I mean, three years before the Hour of Slack was broadcast.
This is getting like a really bad superhero's origin.
You should change the subject.
Yeah.
I know.
It sounds like an X day.
Well, it's like, you know, I'm not going to be around forever.
I want to set the facts straight.
And I think that is important.
I mean, there's even a Wikipedia page about this stuff.
Yeah, and all the facts aren't exactly right on there.
Luckily.
But it would be a violation of the terms of service to edit a page that pertains to yourself.
Oh, right.
I actually was mentioned on a Wikipedia page.
I think it was.
About the Hour of Slack.
And it said that it airs in Cleveland as, quote unquote, part of Dr. Sinister's show.
That's not true.
But I can't correct it because you can't write about yourself on Wikipedia.
There's all kinds of little odd details in there.
No, no.
You know you could correct something like that.
You just get in touch with whatever person you're supposed to get in touch with.
You can email them saying, listen, that's who you are.
And you've always been that way deep down in your soul.
You know there's nothing like Ragupazini.
And you just love every minute and every second.
Yeah, this is the first carnival.
There you go.
See, it's simple.
Yeah.
I don't see how you could make it any more plain.
Well, I don't.
It's Dave's special.
There's no reason to be insulting.
The plain could be beautiful.
Dave, you don't just make the plain beautiful.
You make it sublime.
I make the plain sublime.
Yeah, but he makes sublime things.
He makes things terrible and broken.
See, that's the point.
It goes both ways.
That reminds me of the time that you told me about when you almost got into a lawsuit
with a band called Sublime.
Oh, that was so sad.
That was horrible.
Yeah.
They were lemons for sure.
Well, there was this record, Sublime's first album.
They had gotten big.
Yeah.
They were big.
And their first album was reissued.
Too big for their shorts.
When they first did it, nobody knew who they were except in Long Beach or something.
But they used Bob on the CD itself.
Not the packaging, but the actual CD had a picture of J.R. Bob Dobbs on it.
And this album was selling great.
And at that time, I had a business manager who would get after this kind of stuff.
That year, we made more off of trademark violations.
All settled out of court.
We never sued anybody.
We just point out, hey, that's a trademark.
And they go, oh.
Well, Jesus calls Sublime on the phone.
And the bass player answers.
And Jesus says, well, you guys used our Bob thing.
He goes, yeah, Bradley was really into that.
He just died of a drug addiction.
He was drug overdosed.
See, he was OD'ing when we were in performance school.
We didn't have any money then.
What would you have charged us?
And I said, oh, Jesus said $2,000.
He goes, oh, well, that's not, yeah, OK.
Bradley loved you guys, man.
And the funny thing, I loved that album, too.
I started playing it.
I just loved it.
You know, I like it a little less now than I did when it first came out.
I was a teenager when that album came out.
And the whole song, like, What I Got, you know, you might get run over.
You might get shot or whatever.
But then on another song, it's like, I won't think twice to stick that barrel straight down Sancho's throat.
Like, so he's advocating violence, like, in one of these songs.
Like, oh, oh, my girlfriend left me for you, so I'm going to kill you.
Like, he wrote a whole song about that.
Well, now, if Stephen King writes a thing about a murder, that doesn't mean he murders anybody.
That does not mean he's a murderer.
Exactly.
Ice-T had that same problem.
Yeah.
Ice-T ain't no cop killer.
He plays a cop on TV.
Yeah.
It's the frame of the letter.
Hey, you know what?
If you rearrange the letters of Sublime, it spells Smile, Buh.
Wow.
Why did they even say Sublime?
I am so glad I learned that.
I was taking a class in Ukrainian language development the other week.
And I was like, I'm going to kill you.


And believe me, the first thing you want to see is something like a nurse showing her underpants.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That Sublime album was about the only album that my daughter and I both liked.
She had decided to, she's about the age when it's time to hate your parents' music.
You know, I consider myself very fortunate in that I liked almost all of my parents' music.
Although I have to say, there was a time when I used to actually tell my parents to turn their music off.
I was like, I'm going to turn their music down.
Mainly because I was upstairs trying to jerk off while they were blasting the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band and kind of got in the way.
Not the Flying Burrito Brothers?
No.
No, they saved that for nights.
No, they're the Eggplanted Age Chicago.
That's what the name of the one song was, wasn't it?
The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band?
Well, I was thinking of the Circle Be Unbroken or something like that.
Yeah.
I thought it was.
Yeah.
And that's the thing I didn't get because we are not hillbillies.
We're not religious.
And my parents would blast this song like,
It was there in that little mountain church house.
Really?
Like, why?
Like, oh, well, you know, this is like the kind of stereotype that gives liberals a bad name.
You know what I mean?
Like, oh, I identify with the simple faith of these.
It's conservative, isn't it?
Simple working people who, like, I don't want to judge these people based on where they came from or what.
Like, you cannot identify with this in any way, shape, or form.
Like, why are you blasting this tune?
I don't know.
Oh, sometimes I listen to some pretty hillbilly-ish sorts of things.
But Nitty Gritty, that song was one of those, well, I hated and still hate any song that was played on the radio over, like, every hour.
I can't stand that.
You want to know the song that drives me the craziest of anything?
The song I hate the most?
What song do we hate the most?
Sweet Judy Blue Eyes by Crosby, Stills, and Nash.
And yeah, no, not her.
Yeah.
Go!
That's why we listen to college radio, baby.
How do you catch the sparrow?
That's why college radio is the refuge.
College radio is the refuge away from Mets.
That's right.
Well, not every college radio station is anything like this.
Exactly, which is why you need to remember that in a couple of months when we do our fundraiser.
You've got to support this kind of alternative programming.
Yeah.
I will in the future.
A lot of college stations aren't, well, a lot of colleges don't have stations.
A lot of college stations are just mimicry of the conspiracy radio.
I actually gave up.
The Org.
I mean, they're organized.
I'm sorry, but they are developed along each individual line of a certain species.
You know what I mean?
Like if you went to Case Western Reserve University, you'd have a similar hairline and similar
teeth shape and everything else.
Yeah, this city has two of those stations.
Yeah, and you know, I will say that RUW, I have a lot of respect for them, although
I do think we're cooler.
Okay.
I actually, I gave up a free ride to a school.
I think I gave up a free ride to a school that is much more prestigious than Cleveland
State because their radio station sucked.
Wow.
And this, what I'm doing right now, this is what I wanted to do.
They're always going to keep sucking.
You know, there's no way around it.
Wow.
Princess, we wanted to be on the radio.
I did.
But dreams do come true.
That was my dream, to be a DJ.
You know what really disappoints me is my alma mater sold out.
I guess I can't say it.
Oh, come on.
You can say it.
Well, duh.
Trump University.
Sold out to iHeart Radio.
I mean, they just, they're basically WNCX now.
I think WNCX is owned by CBS, not iHeart.
Well, no.
What I mean is they play the same, you know, robotic music.
You know, the same rock and roll, stupid 80s and 90s and.
You know, the biggest problem that Jesus had after his crucifixion is, you know, thanks
to those nail holes in his feet, he can't walk on the ground.

He can't walk on water anymore.
Oh.
No, no.
Well, it makes little fountains.
Pink fountains.
Well, he couldn't eat green peppers either because he lost his gallbladder.
Have you ever heard the classical so-called parochial school joke?
It goes like this.
There's a crowd around the Calvary time.
The Lord is up on the cross talking, calling out to Peter, going, Peter, come to me.
Peter, come to me.
Peter hears and he's pushing his way through the throngs and pushes his way through the
last bunch of legionaries guarding the corpuscles there.
Stuff like that.
And he goes, yes, master.
What is it, master?
He says, yeah, Peter, I can see your house from here.
Or could you hang me up for the night or.
Did you hear about the time?
Did you hear about the time in heaven where Jesus and Buddha and Mohammed were all given
a.
They were all given a coding challenge.
Like who can who can write the most elegant.
Programming.
They were getting drunk though, weren't they?
Well, I don't.
Well, I mean, Jesus had a blood alcohol content of approximately 12 percent, you know, because
his blood is wine.
It's way over the state of Ohio anyway.
Yeah.
But no.
So Jesus, Buddha and Mohammed, they were all challenged to, like, write the most elegant
programming they could on their respective computers.
And right when they're just about to finish, the power cuts out.
And then once the power is restored.
Buddha and Mohammed had to start over.
But Jesus was right there, like close to the second last line of code.
And everyone's saying, like, how how is it that Jesus was able to finish this program,
you know, and had his material still there, whereas Buddha and Mohammed didn't?
And well, the answer is simple.
Jesus saves.
Yeah, I smell that one.
I smell that one.
Very old one.
Yeah, I know.
I think I just caught a fly, actually.
That was.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.

I think I just went in my mouth.
That's right up there with how's mom doing?
She's up on the roof.
Yeah, that that that warm fuzziness.
It's actually mold growth.
Isn't that Jesus?
She's talking faces.
I can't help it.
I tell bad jokes.
That's what I do.
Oh, man, you're the worst.
I mean, I love you, but am I the worst?
No, no.
The worst?
No, no.
I tell jokes like.
I miss it.
Articulated.
I know you're not the worst.
Okay, thank you.
Because I don't think I really deserve any kind of superlative title of any kind.
You know, I'd like to say that.
Not the worst.
I'd like to say that my show is one part.
There is nearly the worst.
There's a penultimate.
They're kind of.
There we go.
And I'm in the penumbra.
I'd like to say my radio show is one part.
Diane Rehm and one part Howard Stern and one part miserable failure.
I'm sorry.
Miserable failure.
That was a great band.
I love them.
So there's that news.
Not if you're in the psycho ward.
Not if you're in.
Lock the door.
There's a war in ward four.
Not if you're in a mental institution someplace.
Well, you know, I do have a tendency to ward off the psychos.
Dr. Sinister thinks that he wards off psychos.
Actually, I attract them.
Did you hear that?
I actually attract them.
I'd say the last five minutes disproves that.
I heard it, but my brain resisted hearing it.
You lure us out.
You called me out.
You called me out.
You're right.
Church's subgenius is too.
It's flypaper for coops.
It's a psycho magnet.
There must be a reckoning.
There must be a reckoning.
It's coop paper.
For all my lies.
For all my lies.
We must have a reckoning.
And yes, as a matter of fact, I do actually.
You draw coops like a watermelon draws flies.
In fact, it keeps the flies off of this watermelon.
Yeah, you better make sure those watermelon trucks don't start exploding in your face while you're trying to do the vacuum power from the rear end.
In your Foley table.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
My eyes are watermelons.
My lips are like chickens.
My feet are like very, very, very tired.
So.
That's not the way I wanted to end my life.
You know, I have bigger plans.
Well, who says it's over, huh?
It ain't over until we say it's over.
We're done.
It's not.
It's not over.
When I say we're done.
Even when Fat Man D sings.
That's right.
It is 11 p.m. though.
It's the battle alarm again.
It's 11 p.m.
You know what that means?
Could you stop?
I am Dr. Simpson.
I have a major question.
Yes.
When in the world is the United States going to legalize marijuana nationwide?
That's a darn good question.
Predict your year.
Predict your year.
That's a darn good question.
And I'm not going to try and make a prediction.
You know, I'm not going to make a prediction.



You know what's really funny?
I remember a few years ago.
I remember a few years ago back when we had Obama as president and he was actually asked
that question in an interview.
And he said, let me be clear, as president of the United States, I cannot just legalize
marijuana with the stroke of a pen.
But as a matter of fact, he could if he knew what he was doing.
Because the way the control.
That's a pretty damn good impression, man.
Thank you.
It took me years.
Like, it was like right after he was leaving office that I finally got my Obama impression
right.
It's good.
Thank you very much.
No, but here's the thing.
All right.
Barack Obama, constitutional law professor, says that he did not have the power to legalize
marijuana with the stroke of a pen.
But the Controlled Substances Act, the way the Controlled Substances Act is written,
the DEA has the power to reschedule controlled substances.
And who's in charge of the DEA?
The Department of Health.
The Department of Justice or whatever.
Who's in charge of the Department of Justice?
The Attorney General.
Who orders the Attorney General around?
The President of the United States.
So, yes, as a matter of fact, he could have legalized weed with the stroke of a pen.
So either he was ignorant of how the law works or he was lying to the American people.
OK.
A politician lying?
Ignorant.
A president lying?
How can such a thing ever come to be?
That's like some weird sci-fi thing.
That's what I'm saying.
It's like some satire of politics.
The people have got to know whether or not their president is a crook.
Well, I am not a crook.
And it all came true.
Think how that would feel.
Your worst, most paranoid, sarcastic joke nightmares come to pass within your lifetime.
And you thought you were having a sick fantasy.
Mr. Gorbachev.
And you thought you were having a sick fantasy.

I'm not a crook.












Very much.
Have you ever thought about having a fake fantasy?
I haven't.
I've never thought.
I haven't thought about transparency.
That's the thing.
All right.
I hear you.
Thanks, Doug.
All right.
We'll stop talking.

I don't understand many people in imperialhoror and服 mite.
Well, when a colleague or a friend of ours.
as God intended.
Yeah, I remember that.
Hello, you're on the radio.
Hello to all the subgeni.
Hello, no money markets.
Hello to the parking subcontractors.
Yeah, I won't take up too much of your time tonight.
I just wanted to say that, you know,
Reverend Stang and Princess Liardot,
we'll miss you in the studio.
Ohio's loss is Texas' gain.
Aw, well, we're going to miss you no money, Mark.
Well, actually, we're not heard anywhere in Texas
on broadcast radio at all anymore.
No.
It started in Dallas,
but there was a change at the station after nine years,
and I just did them at home for years and years,
mailed them to the six or seven,
in those days there were maybe ten broadcasts
and there were only ten broadcast stations that played it,
including WFMU in New Jersey.
Was WREK on that list, too?
Yeah, WREK was pretty good.
So they had the Hour of Slack and Bob's Slack Time Funhouse?
Yeah.
They had two subgenius shows on WREK?
Yeah, in a row.
They were 11 and 12.
Wow.
You know, I have to come back to X Day next year.
I mean, I have, the last time I went to X Day was in 2012,
and I've had various personal reasons why I couldn't.


I couldn't make it in the last seven years.
Yeah, it's called Slack.
But I gotta come back for one more.
Yes, you do. I agree.
I have to do it at least once more.
It would be a much better X Day with Dr. Sinister.
Well, there's fewer of the old-timers around each year.
You know what I want to do?
I want to be Subcomandante Subgenio.
Oh.
You know what I'm talking about, Subcomandante Marcos?
Yeah.
He wears the ski mask with a pipe.
He's a little bit of a can-cannaly Bob-like.
Yes.
Yeah, sure.
I've known about him for years.
Yeah.
So, like, I could, like, I was actually rehearsing a rant,
and it was all in Spanish, too.
All right.
But it was like elementary school level Spanish,
where, like, you'd probably understand it, you know, about the Slack.
If you know certain words, like, instead of, I don't know how you say Slack exactly,
but I know how you say, you know, flying saucer.

Slag.
OVNIS.
OVNIS.
OVNIS.
OVNIS.
We had that, sir.
We had that.
I should play.
.
.



.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.

.
.
.

.
.
She'd been living in Bolivia for a long time at that point.
And her, she's really skilled at languages.
She's a cunning linguist.
It was the kind of Spanish I could do.
I wish I could remember it now,
but it would be better if I'd dig it up one of these days
and start replaying it.
Todos nacimos con Slack.
Pero la conspiracia siempre está planeando robarnos nuestro Slack.
El subgenio puro necesita el Slack.
¿Quiere un carro nuevo?
¿Quiere mucho dinero?
Pues no tengo mucho dinero en este momento,
pero he pagado para mis boletos para los ovnis.
¿Conoces a J.R. Bogdans?
Nos vemos muy pronto en Planeta X.
Mucho más.
¡Muchas gracias!
He was just quoting one of his favorite fanatic conspiracy idiots.
So, you know, on the other hand, I think he liked saying it.
He liked the feeling of saying those words,
and he'll probably find excuses to repeat it
because he knows it ticks off smart people.
And that's all they, that's their whole agenda.
Liberal tears.
Liberal tears.
That's what we live on.
That's the entire agenda, is to tick off the intelligence.
We'll fry the lard of our own delusions.
And to tell the truth, here's the most horrible thing.
I understand.
I actually understand that feeling.
I do not share it anymore, but...
Oh.
It's terrible to see.
It's terrible to see.
Your predictions come true.
It's a nightmare.
That bodes ill for the next 20 years, too.
Dateline for dominance was just a little ways off.
We should have been totally prepared.
We were only off by about 50 years.
That's really...
Actually, when you think about it,
compare that to the age of the universe, all right?
That is remarkably accurate.
How old is the universe?
It's like...
You know, like, you only need...
You only need to calculate pi to about...
Four digits to measure the circumference of the universe
down to the size of a single hydrogen atom.
And you know how big the universe is, right?
So the fact that you were able to get within 50 years of the end of the world,
that's pretty accurate.
Hey, let me tell you this.
All right, everybody talk at once.
Bob would know this.
10 to the 76th power.
That's how many atoms there are in the universe.
That's...
That's the dumbest thing I ever heard in my life.
But Bob knows it.
I did...
I'll have to take your word for that.
Bob also knows that atoms are an illusion.
Are they?
Yeah, because are they waves or are they particles?
In fact, they are not atoms at all.
Atoms are a lie.
The very word itself comes from ancient Greek,
atomos, meaning like that which cannot be cut up.
But we have split the atom.
Yeah, but it's got a lot of parts.
We have split the atom.
Yeah.
Therefore, atoms are lies.
They're just made of energy vortexes anyway.
Is that what that means?
Strange action at spooky distance?
This is all just a pattern of energy vortexes.
How many Eves are there in the universe?
How many what?
Eve.
You know, Adam and Eve.
All right, all right, all right.
Are you guys on acid?
You were telling me that I made the worst puns
and you just heard no one else.
You're on a funny mark right there.
I'm telling you, Dr. Dark is influencing us
from the other side.
I think it was so slow.
I think he is.
It was like an underhanded softball.
I couldn't even see his line.
The next Reverend Heathen's going to start influencing us
and we'll all get real high.
I hope we hear from Reverend Heathen's scum,
but that's probably not going to happen.
Who about Heathen?
You know, not since the Chinese consulate
was involved in all those sex scandals and everything.
I don't know, man.
Oh, God, what if Dr. Legume comes through?
We'll get in big trouble.
We'll say something terrible.
We'll all get in big trouble.
Yeah.
You'll end up saying something terrible.
Yeah.
Six semper terranis.
Don't fall on your sword no money, Mom.
Or should I say six semper fidelis?
Your own mother.
He's always hateful.
Recording.
He's always unto the faithful.
He always falls on his sword.
We may need to think about taking off.
My neck is starting to get stiff.
Yeah, well, that's my fault.
No, no.
We have...
I have a condition.
Oh, yes.
Don't we all?
It's a horrific condition.
What condition is your condition in?
Yes, what condition is your condition in, dear?
My back is killing me, figuratively.
I hope.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, man, I remember that.
You had a...
Some kind of music track.
It was a chicken.
No, it was a...
It was a car.
They used that sampler where someone says,
Bob?
And they turned that into, like, a piano voice.
And so it was like...
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Oh, yeah.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Reverend Circlemaker,
uh,
did that.
And obviously noticed the Oye guy.
Of course, we...
You know, I replayed a whole lot of your show
and Chaz's show,
and Masturbating Sean was a regular caller.
He was...
He was one of our guys.
He was, like, the core of our core.
That Oye thing turned into a whole kind of sub-language
that Princess Wee and I do.
To tell you the truth, it nauseated me
to hear people saying,
Oye, Oye, Oye, Oye, Oye too often,
especially when it didn't mean anything.
He was saying,
Oh, yeah.
They're trying to create a con-
Yeah.
But some of us interpreted it as,
um,
Oye, Come, Ova.
Yeah, like, Listen, Listen.
But it was...
Or, you know, when somebody, uh,
is opening up Congress,
they'll say,
Oye, Oye.
Like, in French, you know,
to say, listen, listen.
He had a strange way of saying,
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But it was because he was...
Oye, Oye, Oye, Oye.
He was, uh-
Play some sex music.
Parliamentary procedure.
Play some sex music.
Yeah, he was, uh-
Oye, Oye, Oye, Oye, Oye.
Princess, we and I innocently thought
that it was just a kind of a mantra that he did.
A meaningless mantra, and we started doing it.
But it's beyond...
See, it's not meaningless, okay?
There's such a thing as meaningless.
There's such a thing as meaning.
But then there is transcending the very idea
of meaning itself.
Well, he was a jack-off artist.
Oh, you can't fool my mind.
He was a jack-off of all trades
and a masturbator of one.
He was an artist.
We were a little shocked when it was explained to us,
well, just his name.
But up until then, we just, we thought it was kind of a mantra.
And as I say, we found it to be a very, very comforting mantra.
It was inspirational.
It really was.
It's mutated.
It changed and mutated.
It would be a different word a month later.
And God, there's so much more to it.

There's been hundreds and hundreds of them.
It is meaningless.
It's a form of meditational behavior.
We savor them all, each one.
But they do change slowly over time.
And they're all...
I would like to tell Princess Weir something about language, that where she comes from
originally Warren, Ohio, is the home of the original Northern speech that they use as
broadcast speech for a long time.
Oh, come on, Dave.
Come on.
That's where McKinley was born.
Our president.
Princess Weir.
No, McKinley was from Niles, which is not, which is not Warren.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
With the Ewins or Yuns accent.
If we knew which planet Princess Weir was princess of, believe me, we probably wouldn't
be here now.
I was saying there's two dialects, two accents spoken within, on the border.
All right, Dave, Dave.
She was raised by humans in Ohio.
Dave, all right.
My dad is from Warren also.
Oh, okay.
And he says his name is...
Does he talk the same as they do in Youngstown, which is like, Yuns-Gom-Bom-Tom?
No, he hasn't gone that way.
No, he's not.
No, no, no.
They're not Yunsers, all right?
You take that across the border.
You can take that across the Pennsylvania border.
You know what a Yunser is.

Okay, go ahead.
That's a Pittsburgh thing.
Yeah.
I mean, there are people in the Youngstown, the Honing Valley, there are people there
who do kind of sound like Yunsers, but they don't say Yins, because that's...
No.
As soon as you cross into Ohio, Yins is forbidden.
Right.
But no...
Let me tell you something, all right?
I was telling my dad about this friend of mine named Dawn.
This really pretty girl named Dawn, D-A-W-N.
Did you ever kiss her?
I'm not telling.
I don't kiss and tell.
And my dad's like, you kissed a guy named Donald?
Dawn, Dawn.
You know, like he pronounces those...
Dawn.
He pronounced those things the same way, Don and Dawn.
As a part of the Collinwood accent.
Dornold?
Yeah.
And my mom is from further north, not that much further north, you know?
And I was telling her about this girl named Ann that I had a thing with, and she's like,
what do you mean?
A guy named Ian?
Ian?
So like, yeah, between my mother who is from further north and my dad who is from further
south, like, yeah, my accent's a little bit neutral.
My mom's from New York.
See, those are two different language patterns, and they coexist right in the same space along
the border.
Yeah, there are like, there are no fewer than four different accents within a one hour drive
of Cleveland.
Yep, that's true.
We're the crossroads of America.
Man, the gender blurring of mispronunciation.
Ian and Ann.
Dorn and Dawn.
How about you go to Washington, Maryland and...
Washington?
You know how they pronounce toast?
Toast.
Toast?
You know how they say...
Toast.
How about water?
It's like W-A-D-D-E-R.
Water.
Well, they say water in Philly.
Yeah, and around DC, around Chris D.R., they say stuff like...
God, we're all mental midget armies.
Philadelphia, South Jersey, Baltimore, Delaware, Northern Virginia, yeah, they all got ridiculous
accents there.
Yeah.
Yeah, I met a waitress once and she was...
...went out of their way to come up with the most ridiculous sounding accent you could
think of.
It's like, is this Hildaly or is it Easton?
What is this?
Well, we're going to be skittin' back to Texas pretty soon.
Pretty soon?
Too soon.
But, uh, I think this is a good time to pause.
Pause.
I don't know what kind of accent I'm talking with.
I don't know.
Uh, so Reverend Stang and Princess, we, uh, can do their thing.
And plus, you know, we're old fashioned.
We still record these shows on CDRs.
So, uh, we're just about out of time on CDR here.
Oh, yeah.

No more
low
