That's the end of the pretty music, folks.
Now all the horrible ugliness starts.
Praise Bob.
Mockery of everything that's decent and wholesome.
I challenge you to point out national talk shows that do not belittle sexual fidelity, purity.
That they do not belittle the marriage union and the family lifestyle.
That they don't literally flaunt illicit lifestyles.
I mean, I challenge you to show me a talk show that doesn't make light of God.
The Subgenius Foundation, the Reverend Ivan Stang and Dr. Philo Drummond.
Men with violent nostrils.
The Subgenius Power of the Word.
What's the matter with you guys?
Watch them and pray for someday you may become one of them.
And at the very door of the day of the wrath of God,
he said,
And that if you plan to get saved, you'd better do it now.
In this temple lodge of the Church of the Subgenius of Little Rock.
And before we begin this sacred spouting,
I think that we should all bow our heads and let's all have a minute of noise.
Annyeong with

Annyeong with
the
וכ
.
. . She'll jump right in.
We were getting in high-cuff.
We had the number one show.
Then Bob showed up.
Network pulled the plug on our show.
Yeah!
They forgot all about us.
Hell, they left us out there to die.
I want you to tell me about the Bob.
The Bob will lead us all through heaven's chimney
in a giant cigar-shaped UFO-brand flying saucer.
Really?
So Bob is a special person.
The Bob is not a person.
The Bob is pure light and energy.
Do I have to raise Bob?
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!
The Bob is not a person.
The Bob is pure light and energy.
Will you give me a raise Bob?
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!
You!
You!
In a giant cigar-shaped UFO-brand
flying saucer.
I repeat, this is not a drill.
This is the apocalypse.
In a giant cigar-shaped UFO-brand
flying saucer.
Do I have to raise Bob?
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!
The Bob has no reason.
I repeat, this is not a drill.
You're a bit of God.
Do I have to raise Bob?
In a giant cigar-shaped UFO-brand
Do I have to raise Bob?
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob indeed!
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!

Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!
Will you give me a raise Bob?
Do I hear a raise Bob?
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob indeed!
Let's try this again.
I want you to tell me about the Bob.
The Bob will lead us all through Heaven's chimney
in a giant cigar-shaped UFO-brand
flying saucer.
Really?
So Bob is a special person.
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!


The Bob is not a person.
The Bob is pure light and energy.
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!


The Bob is not a person.
The Bob is pure light and energy.
Raise Bob!
Raise Bob!
You're a fucker!
You!
In a giant cigar-shaped UFO-brand flying saucer.
I repeat, this is not a drill.
This is the apocalypse.
In a giant cigar-shaped UFO brand flying saucer.
Do I hear a praise bomb?
Praise bomb!
Praise bomb!
The bomb has no answer.
I repeat, this is not a world.
Get rid of dog.
Do I hear a praise bomb?
In a giant cigar-shaped UFO.
Do I hear a praise bomb?
Praise bomb!
Praise bomb indeed!
Alright boys, that's good.
Well, last night, and this is the third night in a row, isn't it?
I tell you, I've enjoyed every minute of it.
I tell you, I'd like to just kind of close out my day every day down here.
But it'd be such a temptation to spend the night,
and then, it's not good banking terminology to go in the hole.
But that's where I've been going.
You know what I'm talking about.
And over at the EW, he said, yeah, I said, have you seen them tailing?
I said, have you been in the hole?
Yes, sir.
You know, they go down.
They go down and start feeding, and that old tail comes up.
And I tell you what, that's my, the tail just does me like this.
Say, come on.
I mean, that's what you call a tail wave, boy.
And I go over there and talk about...
I know about the hole, Brother Roloff.
The hole took me in, the hole, Brother Roloff.
I've seen the hole that's right between them long white columns.
He stuck me in that hole.
I disappeared into that hole.
Brother Roloff, I disappeared into it.
He took me in, and I didn't come out for 19 and nine score years, Brother Roloff.
A hole that's dark.
It's slick.
It's slicker than you can ever imagine in your wildest dreams.
And you slide, you get in that hole, and you can't get your foot, and you fall down.
You get upright, and you just slip right out from under you.
You try to get back to the exit.
You say, I'm in this hole.
I got to get out.
I got to get out.
I got to get out.
This ain't what...
They said it was going to be.
I remember when I was 16, the back seat.
That's where I learned about it.
I learned about the hole.
It took me out.
I took that hole, and I said, I can't.
I got to get out of this hole.
All my friends been trying to get into this hole.
They like this hole.
I can't take this hole.
I got to get out of this hole, and I couldn't get out.
I was locked into that hole there in that back seat.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
Just like a dog.
Just like a little dog.
Just like two little dogs.
And I...
I mean, it was like we were just...
And that hole wouldn't let go.
It was just tightening, tightening up on me.
Locked up.
All my muscles locked up.
And the fear came over me, you know?
I mean, I was bucking.
I was bucking like mad.
I couldn't get out.
I couldn't get out of that hole.
I was just tearing at it.
And I finally...
I said, there's only one way to get out of the hole.
I was telling myself this.
I said, there's only one way to get out of the hole.
You got to unlock it.
You got to unlock that hole.
And the only way to unlock that hole is to shut off.
The source, you know?
So I just started...
Rolling that car.
And I was just chasing it.
And it finally went away.
That hole unlocked.
I pulled out of there.
And I chucked it right there.
And I drove away from it just as fast as I could.
I drove away from there.
And of course, you know, that was after that.
They picked me up and they said, you're crazy.
You're crazy, Jimmy.
You got to go in and relax and just settle down.
And they said, there's something wrong with the chemicals in your brain.
That's what they said.
I said, it ain't chemicals.
You understand?
It ain't chemicals.
It's the minute.
It's...
It's the minute.
It's the minute.
It's the minute.
It's the minute.
It's the minute.






God damn it.
It's the minute.
Mr. Pigeon?
Yes.
Let me say this.
Can I say something for just about a half a minute?
You bet.
Go right ahead.
It's a free country for a little while.
As high a regard as I have had for KFJZ, and even when Otis was on...
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
All that stuff.
I think this is about the sickest, sickest, sickest thing I've ever heard on KFJZ,
and since I've been listening to it.
I'm just...
I am thoroughly ashamed of KFJZ right now.
You know, I'm getting strong trance indications from this man
that he was the high liar of Baghdad at one time.
I'm not interested in you.
In your past life?
I don't know what I think about this sick, sick, sick,
program that you're putting on here.
What? That's...
Well...
KFJZ as of now, this is terrible.
You don't believe people should start their own cult if they want to?
People.
I mean, yeah, people, you know.
But not this is the damndest thing I've ever heard of.
Okay, well, thank you for your opinion.
Thanks a lot.
Well, apparently there's somebody out there who was not a subgenius.
He wasn't able to figure this whole thing out.
Well, no, I think he recognizes that we're beyond human.
That's right.
I see.
We...
Above or below, it matters not.
I am an American.
Listen to my words.
Listen well.
For my country is a strong country,
and my message is a strong message.
Okay, this is the television.
Tomorrow morning, let's see.
Well, I have to get up early.
Okay, I'll get up early.
Okay, six o'clock on Channel 2, White Heritage.
History, color, conclusion.
We're better than they are.
Six o'clock.

30, Channel 2, Prison School.
Channel 4, Education Priorities.
Con guest, brevet, doctor general, retired Edna Goebbels.
Author of Education Yavole.
Channel 7, Education Art.
Education topic, education as art.
11, Campus Lineup, Education Topic.
The International Super-Ideological Experiment
and Community-University Dissident Aim Group Confrontation at Berkeley.
Who is that over there?
22, Technocratic Corner.
That's Webb's.
No, 7 o'clock, Channel 2, News, Dwight Yeast.
Channel 4, Today's Day, Color, Tentatively Scheduled,
Beat the Reaper, Producer George Metetsky.
I'm going to have to put peppers in my socks to get up that early,
but I want to see those shows.
Discussion of Educational Opportunities in the Negro Industry.
And Armed Robber, Burt Beliah.
That's two hours.
And then Channel 7, Gloria, Sexercise.
Haha, yeah.
Channel 11, The Whisperin' Squash.
These are most of the children's things here.
Felix, children.
Money, Stalker.
Stock Market Opening.
Where's Ed, Variety.
Guest Actress, Lily Lamont.
Channel 11, Tricky Duck, Children.
I saw her in The Blondie Gets a Cleaver.
Yeah, right, right.
Their house burned down, by the way.
Did you know that this week?
No, that's true.
Blondie and Doug Wood's house burned down on the old lot over at Columbia.
Oh, that's true.
I saw the fire in real life and it looked just like it does on television.
Oh, wonderful, absolutely wonderful.
And then there's Saint Beepo, Children,
The Adventures of the Macrocephalic Clown, who's biodegradable.
Captain Animal, Color Animals, Pussies, Bunnies, and Beavers.
Okay, let's see.
Wackenhut and Wakefield, Color, Maximouse, Children, Minimouse, Children.
Money, continues.
Soldiers, Children.
Rabbits, Children.
Rocket Rabbit, Children.
Community Watchfulness Alert.
All the way to the next whiskey bar.
Oh, don't ask why.
All the way.
Don't ask why.
Wow, and look at this.
It says here the mud tribes are gonna fight the Nazis in the stadium.
Wow, I hope we don't miss out on that.
That could be a really good show.
Our true size is the size of our God.
Do you still insist, Exeter, that we can allow any of these Earth creatures to have free minds?
Perhaps the answer has eluded us because it is so simple.
To be human is to choose.
Oh, yes.
And he ain't got super powers.
He ain't from another planet.
He ain't something that we have to bow down and kiss to.
You can pull Bob's leg and Bob will chuckle right along with you.
Because Bob's been a fool just like you or me.
He's been a pathetic fool.
And I tell you, friends, JR Bob Dobbs will be a fool again.
He's a fool today.
He's a fool tomorrow.
He's the same Bob.
The same Bob.
He's always the same Bob.
And he's working for you and me.
The triple X salute.
Princess We Are Doe, queen of all the UFOs, presents the triple X salute for triple X day.
Notice it's like cross your fingers and hope to die, I guess.
There's the great W.
And the great W.
Who waits for triple X day.
And friends, y'all, that's when we get to prove that we're the descendants of the Yeti
and not of the simple Jews.
Where we get to prove that the Yetis we're descended from were the bonobo type of Yetis.
In fact, we were thinking of holding triple X day in Amsterdam instead of Brushwood.
But that wouldn't be fair to the little bopbies.
So we'll just have to come back here waiting for the world to end.
God, it's so boring.
Year after year waiting for total destruction of the planet.
Or some terrible slow eco-disaster meltdown.
Squid ink tribulations, tornadoes, hurricanes, melting icebergs.
Will you smoke up that pipe?
Will you hit the ice cold light?
Will you wander through the wilderness of Bob?
Yee-haw!
Will you climb the mountain?
Top and top, and jump right off into the frond.
Will you wander through the wilderness of Bob?
I know the moon is coming.
That's right.
I know the moon is coming.
Astro intercourse.
And universal force.
And galaxies that number in the billions.
They're all there.
They're there for you.
That's right.
All them stars are all there.
You need the balls to see.
Yeah.
Don't let 100 billion years of evolution go to waste now.
And light the pilot light.
Light the pilot.
Oh, true.
All right.
Well on, Dave.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
That was Einstein's Secret Orchestra, our late great friend, Professor Chaz Smith, with
lonesome cowboy Dave, and yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang, and princess Wee, all at Starwood
In 1999, the Starwood Festival, recorded in the Puffer Dome.
That's from our Puffer Dome CD.
Starwood is coming up again this year, right after the world ends on July 5th.
It'll be on my escape vessel if things work out.
But otherwise, it'll be at Wisteria, which happens to be where X-Day will also be.
And this flyer here says that you can look it all up at starwoodfestival.com if you want to.
Not just Starwood, there's a hotel chain called that.
Starwoodfestival.com.
Chicago Afrobeat Project will be playing there.
And actually, for that matter, a lot of the members of Einstein's Secret Orchestra will be there, under the name Pyrosonic.
We had Starwood at Wisteria last year, and it was great.
And, um...
Anyway.
What have we been listening to?
Before that, friends, we've heard a lot of stuff from ancient, ancient subgenius albums from the 1980s.
We heard Baby Stang, Baby Puzzling Evidence, Baby Firesign Theater from their reissue of all their radio shows, Duke of Madness Motors, Baby Philo on the Baby Mr. Opinion show.
The guy, believe it or not, that person going, I've been down that hole.
I know about that hole, brother.
That's me.
That's when I was about 26.
The song, called The Bob, was by James Watson from Bob's Songs No. 6.
We heard Baby Sterno do the moment of noise for the very first time.
That was probably in 1980.
And Lee Murr did the titles.
And the music in the background now is by Two Beans.
Reverend Two Beans, who will be at X Day.
And now I'm going to read...
Part 5 of The Agent and Mr. Dobbs, which was brought to us by Reverend Teeters LaVerge, although it's actually written by this unnamed agent.
Okay, is everything...
Everything's running right?
Good.
After all the monkey business, as Bob called it, he was in a much better mood.
I suppose all that man needs is to take a number three and fling a bit of feces around to, quote,
even his keel.
His grin was radiant as we walked out into that hot, humid night.
We tarried around his car for a few minutes.
They were the most relaxed moments that I'd had with Mr. Dobbs up to this point.
I offhandedly asked him for a cigarette, and though I'd never seen him smoke anything but his infernal pipe,
he pulled a pack of my favorite brand of smokes, Old Tar Lung, from his jacket pocket.
It was a needed smoke, one that I had not had since I got...
Tired of his
Dirt
Dirt
human pain toast every morning. Bob then hopped like a drunken rabbit into the driver's side of
the vehicle and shouted to me that now we're gonna have some real good fun boy. Get in now.
He then let out the most outrageously poor simulation of a rebel yell that I have ever heard.
It sounded more like the mating calls of those great apes that reside in the deepest darkest
Congo. It reverberated through the thick night air. I think I may have heard a call in response
but it could just have been a drunken redneck. We sped off down a semi-hidden dirt road that
ran behind his toy and tuna factory genetic aerospace research center. The vines and leaves
hung low as we whipped down this lane so low and sharp that my face quickly became a mass of
blood. I was so scared that I could barely breathe. I was so scared that I could barely breathe.
My heart was in my throat not only because of the insane driving but I also feared that
Bob might have other more perverted plans for me. This seemed too painfully real of a possibility
for me for to me for Bob started to sniff the air lustfully and play pocket pool again
vigorously. After a few tense moments for me
Mr. Dobbs was cool as a perverted cucumber the whole time we finally slid to a halt in front of
what I can only describe as the most stinking run-down decrepit roadhouse that ever sat in
the middle of nowhere. It was a truly ramshackle affair. Half of the neon signs only had a letter
or two lit up. There was a huge pile of smelly trash out front. I discerned humanoid skulls in
the pile and the peeling paint said it all with the structures sign dangling.
off to one side ye olde exist bar and grilly. If the outside was a shambles then the inside
was worse. It smelled like a cheap brewery that had been forgotten in an open sewer since
the reign of Ashurnasalpal II. I wondered why the hell Bob a man of such wealth who could
easily afford to go to any of the finest clubs in Florida would take me here. It then occurred
to me that this may just be a mistake.

I was in the corner of the hall and I saw the place erupting with drunken shouts of
Bob and for some reason JAR. I stood amazed for the clientele was astounding by anybody's
standard. I saw John Birch passionately kissing Mousy Tongue in one corner, our Vice President
rubbing the crotch of the preserved corpse of Stalin while drunkenly shouting about damn
pinko faggots.
I was surprised to see the whole place was full of people. I was surprised to see the
whole place was full of people. I was surprised to see the whole place was full of people.
Emma Goldman's disembodied head screaming the Internationale. M blanked out M blanked out.
Stabbing, I was later to learn, our actual non-clone president in the right eye with
a fork while Frank Sinatra groveled at her feet. There were also, and the rest of the
pages blanked out, and the young folk singer Bob Dylan. Richard Attenborough was filming
it all.
The worst part, however, was that the whole place was full of people. I was surprised
to spot Mr. Beale hanging around playing comes from the joinkies.
I was surprised to find out much of a crowd were making decisions so I decided to worry

So while I was JOHN birch hanging out at the Hehelex
Porquell and be quiet, I found theир back seam 꼭 afllen luck
Щrela I sure was forced to sit with them at the end of the video, they could go to

We are sure that Mr. Hoare's neof protestosende, your st mieli
ba bursa순
dwier
telling me that he would soon be back.
He took a dozen of the whores up with him,
winking sickeningly at me.
I swallowed the pills dry.
When Bob eventually made it back down to the bar
where I'd seated myself, sipping a cheap beer,
his face was all aglow.
Literally, it shone green, then red.
One of those gray creatures was behind the bar
pouring a jelly jar full of vodka for Premier Khrushchev.
Bob sat down between us.
He still had a satisfied grin on his face
that smacked of unknowable pleasures.
Bob suggested that we have a drinking contest.
The pills were really kicking in at this point,
so I found it hard to believe my eyes,
but even harder to deny what I was actually seeing.
This is our place, the real place where things get done.
Then, he whispered to me.
Then, speaking directly to the Premier of the Soviet Union,
he said,
So, Nicky, think you can drink me under the table tonight, eh?
Khrushchev looked at Bob straight in the eye,
something I've seen very few attempt.
Yes, Mr. Noobs, I drink until you, how you say,
blow O-ring.
The gray then passed Bob, Khrushchev, and I
a full jelly jar each of vodka.
Both Khrushchev and Bob,
Bob down there, I was halfway through mine,
had to run outside to vomit.
I swear it was paint thinner.
The label on the bottle had paint thinner crossed out
and vodka written underneath.
My original guess of it being moonshine was awfully wrong.
When I stumbled back in, bleary-eyed,
I bumped into no less than Richard M. Nixon.
Even if my eyes were blurred, I could not mistake his voice.
He cursed me as he chased a small dog around.
I made the move.
I made my weaving way back up to the bar
where Bob and Nikki were now glaring and laughing
manically at each other while pounding their shoes
on the bar top.
It would seem that Bob had won the paint thinner
drinking contest.
For as I sat down on my stool, Khrushchev's eyes
rolled to the back of his head and he fell off his
bar stool onto the sodden floor and into oblivion.
I was horrified and asked Bob if he were all right,
for this could be a potentially world destructive event.
Mr.
Dobbs told me,
he's fine, the little dyke.
He'll be ready for another one in the morning.
But first, young agent, let us have a snack.
I feared that suggestion of food for my stomach was still in knots from being sick.
But Bob nonetheless led me to a long table covered with all manner of edibles,
if you dare call them that.
There was a bucket of small red colored balls of a gelatinous material
that Bob told me were prairie squid caviar.
I had to run back outside to get sick.
I had to eat it again.
It smelled like rotten fish bait.
Bob seemed to relish them for he ate a whole large bucket full with his grimy hands.
He let out a belch and for some reason rubbed his backside.
I vomited harder at that stench.
When I made it back inside, worse for wear,
Bob told me he wanted to try my luck out at one of the many card tables.
The rest of the evening was a horrible blur for not only did he force feed me pills,
but he kept buying round-the-clock pills.
Round after round of the local actual moonshine, thank God.
Mr. Dobbs could hold his liquor well, though he did seem to flicker bodily on and off like a broken television,
especially when he did poorly at the games of chance.
At one point, we, Bob, Mao, Churchill, a beatnik type, Ed Sullivan,
a strange alien-looking creature with the face of a cuttlefish and I,
were playing some sort of complicated card game
where the cards themselves represented different currencies, worlds, and immortal souls.
Bob lost the big hand of the night.
In a rare fit of anger, he grabbed the cards from the alien and threw them on the floor, cursing,
Well, I do believe that I've been cheated!
He then grabbed, wrong side up it seemed to me, an IOU written on a bar napkin
and squinted his drunken eyes at it, saying,
I guess I'll see you in 1998.
He slurred under his breath,
Ah, screw you, you damn cheating squid.
Though it was Bob, I knew who had been the one that was cheating,
for he kept, not very slickly, mind you, grabbing cards out of my hand when he claimed he needed them.
The whole event, from what I can remember, was pathetic,
but what disturbed me the most was one of the cards had a picture of our planet on it,
and the alien-looking creature seemed to relish the fact,
that he had won it.
Bob, in a panicked state that I've never seen before,
hustled me so violently toward the door that we knocked over Mr. Nixon,
who was sitting cross-legged on the floor, grilling skewers of meat over an open fire.
He cursed us, mumbling that he got the taste for dog,
while doing some brain massaging during a trip to North Korea,
and how we ruined his meal, though we'd all soon be dancing to his tune.
Nixon did, however, hand us a cheaply mimeographed booklet entitled,
How to Serve Man.
With that, Mr. Dobbs' face relaxed a little.
He nudged me with his elbow, grinning, and saying in a bit of an oily voice,
Good recipes in this one.
He chuckled to himself as we walked out into the misty morning light.
I can still hear the dreadful sound and import of his index finger tapping hard
against that thin, thin leaf.
Manual of Evil.
And that was
the... Oh, it looks like we have
a voice here on the
nether line.
Is that the Dave?
Or is it? The Dave?
It is the Daveth.
It is the Daveth.
And that means I can turn
Princess Weezmike on.
The Daveth have arrived us.
Yes, Dave, I just finished
reading from the agent and
Mr. Dobbs Part 5 by
Reverend Teeters LaVerge.
I was going to ask you about the outcome.
Not that it's not the day
new mine, but
what happened?
Well, it ended with
Nixon chasing a little dog
around the room and then barbecuing
it. That's all?
Is there a fan in here?
There is a major league fan
over here. It's like
big, big, big fan.
I could hear it all the way over here.
In the Lucivia.
I could hear all the sounds like there's nails
being dragged across. It's vibrating my
skeleton.
You know, when I
normally when I'm reading these
things in my home studio, I turn
off all the fans. I know.
I didn't really hear it until we got
going. We were in conversation
with the... With Kabir.
With Kabir. Yes.
And I didn't think to
say, do you want me to turn this
off, dear?
I was...
That reminds me. We were wondering whether
Kabir drinks beer, but
that's probably... We'll have to ask
him next time. Probably.
I think it's a question of, you know,
atmospherics and color and stuff.
I think, well, it conveys a
sultry kind of evening.
Late spring evening.
Not that sultry, I guess.
Boy, it's pretty sultry.
And then you're, you know, reading
Two-Fisted Tales of what... What's his name?
Of the Agers.
No, it's another tale. Mr. Dobbs.
Third Nostril Depiction.
But...
Actually, Dave, you'll be
interested to hear this. We're thinking about
doing another anthology. There was
Three-Fisted Tales of Bob
is out of print, although it's on
subgenius.com. You can read the whole
thing. We've got Bob's
stories by Robert Anton Wilson
and William
S. Burroughs. I'm not kidding
either. John
Shirley, Lou Shiner, and
and
and
, and, and, and, and.
And it's a terrible one by me
that's actually a Doc Savage
homage.
But there's been so many good
new Bob stories coming out
on Scrubgenius, the secret
members only forum.
And there are many stories now?
Stories of Bob?
Yeah. Yeah, all of a sudden.
Reverend Dow Jones is writing a play.
Reverend Pantiera wrote something that doesn't really have Bob in it, but it's got a yeti.
and, oh, I can't give away the secret superstar
that appears at the end of the story
that would ruin it for everybody.
No, you can't, that's right.
But she'll be at X Day.
Thank goodness.
Oh, and before I forget,
I have a couple of little announcements to make
regarding shows that I don't stand to make a penny off of.
That's why I can announce them.
One is almost kind of pointless
because by the time people hear this,
it's on Tuesday, May 24th,
there's a Canadian X Day drill at Boone's House Lounge
in Hamilton, Ontario.
So the one Canadian who's listening by internet
might want to know about that.
Mr. Sister was thinking about going to that.
I think there are many Ontarians who are denizens of Bob.
Quite a few.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, absolutely.
And also, now this one makes more sense.
It's June 4th in Raleigh, North Carolina.
Oh, and I just got more detailed news.
Yeah, June 4th in Raleigh, North Carolina
for our out-of-town Carolinians
at a place called King's in downtown Raleigh.
Let's see what this fellow said here.
Yeah, the title is,
it's a rock and roll revival featuring
The Loners.
It's being sponsored by Reverend Eddie T.
And that's his band.
And you can Google The Loners.
Then The Hell No,
which is a female-fronted rock and blues band.
The Hell No.
This is funny because our friend Dr. Dark
is married to Her Highness Hell No.
Yes.
Dr. Dark will be showing movies the next day, by the way.
And there will also be a grindhouse 24-7 all the time.
And another,
we're going to have a little bit of a grindhouse

So if it rains, we'll have plenty to do.
And a burlesque show with real live dancing girls
doing it old school with tassels
called Riot Here, Riot Now Burlesque.
And they'll be showing the subgenius video Arise
and a sound system with Reverend T
spinning only 45 RPM records
and a preacher named Deacon Tony.
So that's June 4th in Raleigh, North Carolina.
And we're going to have a little bit of a grindhouse
with the band.
North Carolina and Raleigh and Greenville
have a lot of subgeniuses.
Well, that's where the hamburger was invented.
And besides, I think the one guy who said his name,
that's actually two disc jockeys.
What?
No, you're thinking of two beans.
Two separate beans, of course, not two beans.
Two beans is the music that we're hearing
in the background right now.
But in a minute, we'll be hearing
Electric Junkyard Gamelon.
That was Electric Junkyard Gamelon.
Oh, it is now.
Yeah, now it's...
All that clinkety stuff.
Yeah.
That sounds like the fingernail.
I mean, the, you know, the finger flute
or whatever they call it in Saipan
where, you know, there's these little metallic things
and you go doink, doink, doink.
It's probably not.
Electric Junkyard Gamelon
creates all their instruments from scratch, I think.
Could be flower pots.
Yeah.
They do a lot of flower pots.
But they're still imitating gamelons.
Gamelon bongies.
It's a Junkyard Gamelon, electrified.
They're not going to be at Star Wars.
They're going to be at Star Wars this year, are they?
No, not this year.
They were there last year.
I saw them last year.
That's why I have the CD.
They're going to be there a few years from now.
Well, we don't have to worry about years from now
because the world ends July 5th.
Why?
Well, I thought it was supposed to already have ended.
If this is, in fact, 1998.
If indeed it is today, it's May 20, whatever the second it is.
Now, that's the funny thing, folks.
Now, most of the people hearing this,
it'll be,
but the night we're recording this happens to be May 22nd.
On May 21st of this year, of 2011,
it was widely predicted that the world was going to end
with the rapture, the Christian rapture.
All the Christian believers would be lifted up
and all the subgenius disbelievers and believers,
both, would all die horribly.
And all the claptrapture that accompanied the rapture.
The rapture, yes.
The rapture.
Well, what kills me about this whole thing is, of course,
all of a sudden, the pinks at large,
the humans, the normals, the mediocrities,
started throwing end-of-the-world parties
to make fun of those rapture people.
What an original idea!
We've only been doing that for 20 years!
And I must say, I was a little miffed
that we didn't get more media attention because of that.
Yeah.
We're experts at looking like idiots,
waiting for the end of the world to happen at a specific...
And this guy, even like us, he had a specific time.
According to Camping, Harold Camping,
the destruction was likely to have begun its worldwide march
as it became 6 p.m. in the various time zones.
Camping delivered his message as he sat upon a silver throne
accompanied with a big pink boy.
No, I'm sorry.
Well, it's just...
It just...
I mean, this is so old hat for us.
And of course, these people are nothing but July 5th deniers.
They're pikers!
And they're nothing but a bunch of psychosociopathic jalopies, too,
when it comes to driving next to them.
They practically run you down.
I got a single solid...
Well, I don't have it anymore
since I don't really have a back bumper anymore.
But once upon a time, many years ago,
I had the face of Bob on the back of my car.
And somebody slapped it off there.
And I see people going by and saying
the world's going to end tomorrow.
And they, you know, quote some scripture.
Of which I have no idea what the heck they're talking about.
And I'm expected to believe it now.
They almost run me off the road and kill me.
So the world was going to end tomorrow...
Today, and you may die.
And that right there, my friends, is a message of X-Day.
By his stripes, shall we know
that X-Day could come at any second.
That means you better be ready.
And I think if you want to understand how to be ready,
you might want to take a look at subgenius.com.
You don't have to.
You probably wouldn't.
You probably wouldn't even like it.
Oh, you probably couldn't afford it.
It's free, so you probably couldn't afford it.
I can understand the adverse psychology
used in your strategic marketing methods.
But it is a known fact
that it is a ridiculously lovely sight.
It's just an incredible feast for the eyeballs
and any other parts of your body you want to feast on, too.
It's like if you were Ludacris on the bridge
or perhaps great, what's his name,
the guy with the sphincter muscle on his head.
I'm trying to place him.
He plays with Ludacris sometimes, doesn't he?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Oh, some wag.
It may have been one of our wags
dubbed May 21st Nostra Dumbass Day.
I saw a couple of funny comments
in the Yahoo News comments.
Oh, my.
One was,
I wouldn't drink the Kool-Aid in Camping's Church this Sunday.
And the other one was,
screw up, Harold.
We all make mistakes.
It's not the end of the world.
I'm trying to figure out
how he was justifying his camera angles.
In the first place,
what calendar is he using?
The Julian calendar?
The Gregorian calendar?
The Humpisphere?
We just basically threw our calendars out the window.
Yeah.
Nothing beats a good old cocktail napkin
when it comes to,
getting dates right.
But by the same token,
I'm sure he's reading upside down
from the same Bible he was throwing at everybody.
Hey, hey, are you making fun of us?
Who, him or you?
No.
Remember there's that controversy about 1998.
If you look at the memo,
it was referred to in that short,
in that the agents,
that's what's so scary about that.
It's that thing that I've been reading,
the agent and Mr. Dobbs,
that was written in 1962.
And it refers clearly to that,
the same memo that I actually have
in the Slacker Mansion vault,
where Bob first wrote down,
the world ends July 5th, 7 a.m., 1998.
And it's kind of been cut out and taped back together.
And some people say that it originally said,
July 5th, 8661,
which is 1998,
if you turn those numbers upside down.
Upside down.
8991.
They had all the right numbers.
You just had them up.
Upside down.
9891.
So.
But those are all backwards numbers.
We need numbers that actually progress
from one point to another
in an incremental fashion,
like, say, for instance,
if we wanted to go from one to five,
we'd be going something,
you know, be going somewhere,
doing something.
If we were to go backwards
to like a negative five,
or perhaps, you know,
go to two and go back to one,
there'd be no salubritory mention
or more.
There'd be no movement.
Did you?
I think you went to the same math class
as Harold Camping.
Well, I'm not saying that I picked up
a few tasty little tidbits
from his rhetorical style,
but I do believe that scripture,
scripture, scripture,
is invaluable for...
um...
That reminds me,
I need to take my pre-scripture.
What is scripture?
I mean, what is it good for?
It's written.
Huh!
Scripture.
Huh!
Good God, y'all!
What is it good for?
Absolutely, I don't know.
Don't go see the Jack Black
Gulliver's Travels.
So we're not supposed to do
a call to action, right?
Right.
That's a call against action.
That's my movie review.
It's a review.
Did you know that they did
a recent version of the classic
Jonathan Swift story,
Gulliver's Travels?
I heard it was called

and it is so...
I heard it was called
popular mythology,

I heard it was called


I heard it was called

and it's a little bit
of a
I don't know what that has to do
with being tied down
by a bunch of little tiny elves.
I love the D.
I love Tenacious D.
Princess We can sing
every one of their hits
from memory,
but I can't believe
Jack Black signed on.
They must have paid him a lot.
That script is so bad.
And it ends with a version of War,
that song War, that is...
I thought Jack Black had something
to do with the making of that.
I hope not.
That's sad.
You know, you can't trust
anybody named Black.
No puede.
Pero, um...
By the way...
We can move on now.
Oh, yes.
No, I'm saying,
what I was asking,
did he have like a kind of a posh,
poofy pompous accent?
I said with three plosives in a row.
Was he trying to sound British
or something?
No, no.
It's all takes place
in modern day America.
And he's a guy working
for a travel magazine.
And he goes to the Bermuda Triangle.
And that sucks him into Lilliput.
Oh, and not only that,
but the pretty editor girl
he was trying to impress
follows him and ends up in Lilliput.
So he gets to save the day.
There's a very brief segment
that takes place in Brob-dig-nag.
But it's really short
and really stupid.
You know, I mean,
for somebody from the church
of the subgenius
to call a movie stupid,
with that level of accent
and the voice,
it's got to be really dumb.
That fan is driving me crazy.
That thing is exactly
at the same pitch
that my tinnitus is.
So it's as if it's doubling up
the sound of the crickets and cicadas.
Would you like it to be gone?
I would say turn it off.
I wish I'd had the presence of mind
to request that earlier.
Oh, I can actually hear
the soundtrack now.
Yeah.
I mean, I can hear it.
I can hear it.
That's Just John in the background.
The music in the background
for a couple of cuts now
has been Reverend Just John,
available at just-john.com.
You don't write the dash out
and make a little dash mark.
Just-john.com.
And these are all
very, very fine pieces.
You don't necessarily want to
critique anyone's mental stability
when you listen to them.
You just take things as they go
and you enjoy them
as far as you can,
within the context of perhaps
a delightful radio show,
a snack,
a meeting with the local hippie
NTO people at the bandwagon.
So anybody who, you know,
wears dentures or anything like,
or a false device,




or a false device on their body
could be invited,
provided they had the right,
you know, first scriptures.
I just want to do this whole show
over again.
I just want to start from the beginning.
And turn off the fan.
Well, I don't have to play
all the background stuff again,
but I have to read the story
all over again.
Start again.
You mean the fan was on
when you were reading the story?
Yeah.
Jeez, old man.
It was, you know,
I didn't turn the mic.
I didn't hear it in the real world
because I can't hear anything.
But when I put on headphones,
and turned the mic up,
I thought, that's odd.
There seems to be some extra sound.
Oh, well, maybe it's on this
Two Beans music in the background.
But no.
You know, we finally escaped
the buzz of your phone,
and then we get the hiss of the fan.
Our fans, our hissy fans.
I'm about to throw our hissy fit.
And throw our fans out the window.
This is a possibility you represent.
You packaged yourself in the last piece
as a T.I.S.S.
Not TSL kind of thing.
A Tennessee Williams kind of thing.
The fan in the background,
it's a Mississippi morning.
You know, where I'm old.
Slumber Jane is waking from the sidekicks
as the pavement is steaming.
And the various things are steaming
on the pavement.
And a mockingbird comes by
and passes out.
You know, stuff like that.
That's all very atmospheric, Dave.
But...
Well, you do have the southern accent
that accompanies it so well.
I what?
You could have said,
y'all.
I still do?
No, you don't really, actually.
I must say.
But, um...
You must stuff out earlier in the show
before you called in.
I was playing tapes from 1980.
Prince...
I asked Princess,
wait, I said,
do you know who this is?
And she did not know.
I had no idea.
It is gone.
It was me as a young Texan.
I must say it is gone.
All traces.
You sound like Mr.
Mr.
Announcer.
Mr.
Mr.
Mr.
Mr.
Californian
Mr.

Announcer
from the Columbia School of Broadcasting.
There you go.
It comes of having to
All prerequisite tests.
It comes of having to listen to one's own voice for 1,310 hours of slack which is where
we're at right now.
That's a lot of epiglottis.
Think of all the time you spent in front of one of those little magnifying mirrors, actually
looking at your epiglottis as it yodeled.
when he said something.
This is the way Diogenes taught his people how to do this.
He'd fill his mouth with some dirt
and go to the seashore and spit it out.
And that's where, you know, rhetorically...
You've spent a lot of time doing this, have you, Dave?
Well, supposedly, or maybe it was Epicurus
and the minions of Hedon or somebody, I don't know,
somebody with a big, fancy, Romanesque, Greco name, you know.
Well, all I know is I'm no fan of that fan in this radio station.
That's no place for a talk show.
A friend of mine...
There's air conditioning in here.
Well, I wondered about that when we first walked in
because it reminded me of the old days
in the old radio station with fans in the summertime.
Yeah, we used to have fans back then.
We've only got six of them listening now, I can tell.
Just look at that screen.
Actually, we're not doing too bad.
Yeah, there's quite a few people listening by internet.
Remember in the old days of the old studio?
Hi, internet!
Hi, internet!
They all have little American flags next to them
except for one who is in Canadia.
Thanks be to all of our mighty forces
fighting any broads that they find in the neighborhood
who are too ungainly to put in a wheelchair.
And first of all, what we have to try and remember
is we're not at war.
We're not at war.

We're at war right now.
We're at war with war as...
We're at peace right now.
We are at peace with all nations around the world.
And yet at the same time, certain nations must be blowed up
to show the error of their unpeaceful ways,
and we peacefully do it as peacefully as we can.
However, on the other hand, if war is necessary
and is justly necessary, we should have one every other day.
All right, every day. What the hell?
I turned down a war.
I turned down a war job today.
You got one?
I had to.
I got a letter from a guy I used to edit documentary films for.
His regular editor couldn't do it,
and he had just gotten back from Libya.
This is a friend of mine.
Get out of here.
Reverend Mickey Grant.
Whenever there's a war, he runs out there with his video camera
and shoots everything they'll let him shoot
and then comes back and tries to turn it into a movie.
And apparently HBO wants his footage.
Tuesday.
So you're doing that.
I am just.
It's like, look, man, I got my own show I got to do.
I got a war I'm fighting.
I'm fighting a war against the pink boys, the normals.
By the way, friends, if you never look at Subgenius on the Internet,
you might want to check out the videos recently done by Dr. Legume.
If you go to, I don't know if his channel is actually called DR Legume or not,
but I know that mine is called Revstang in all small lowercase.
If you look at my Revstang YouTube, OK, YouTube slash Revstang lowercase,
look at my favorites and look at the ones you may want to look at the ones by my friend Dr. Legume.
They are of questionable taste, but unquestionable hilarity.
In fact, two nights in the last month,
just we and I have had to cover our faces with pillows to keep our laughter from awaking the guests in the bedroom downstairs.
I'm dead serious about how funny the Legume videos are.
Some of them are directly related to Subgenius and some aren't.
But they're all just amazing.
I'm jealous as hell because I started out to be a filmmaker and these are way better than anything I've posted.


I've posted on YouTube that I've made since I was much younger.
I do have some good stuff on YouTube, but it was made when I was still a filmmaker.
Merely a lad.
Like I say, I just turned down a film job because I don't do that anymore.
I'm too far behind the times.
I don't think I even have an H.
I think we finally got an HD TV so we could find out what HD looks like someday if we ever get an HD program to put on it.
Well, I have one up there too that's absolutely hilarious, but it's a little bit brain damaged.
It's called The Audition, but there's so many of them called The Audition and it's on this one list of people or something.
There was like only 45 people.
I think it was in my class and some other classes or something.
And so it's a different name.
There's a Japanese feature film called The Audition that's supposed to be really hard to take.
Not the kind of thing you take a date for.

It's bloody and gory.
Yeah, rapey.
It's very rapey and horrendous if it's the one I'm thinking of.
But The Audition, the Japanese movie, is supposedly quite horrendous.
Well, in my audition, a guy comes over to audition, but he's trying to...
First, he brought over some pizza, but he has a very, very large head.
Like it's about the size of a tiger watermelon or something.
It's humongous.
He's an overman.
Well, no, he's just a very, very large, a macrocephalic person.
And he looks quite scary.
And then I look scared at him, but then he plays all these funny instruments and does
a weird dance and goes away going like that.
So it's very, it's kind of childish and soft-marked, but it's also humorous.
Speaking of going away, we have exactly six minutes left of show and I have a five-minute
song that I wanted to play.
Partly because it's pertinent to the end of the world and mentions issues that we brought
up earlier.
So it makes a good bookend.
It's a live recording of a song by the Swinging Love Corpses, Dr. Philo Drummond and his brother
Sphinx Drummond, Leif Cowabunga on bass.
And in this case, the guitar player, Ray Hay, is singing this song.
I wanted to play it specifically.
This is a shout out to our friend, Mr. Hay.

He's a sister sister who vocally hates nature.
He's a proud Republican who hates nature and makes no bones at all about it.
Although he's actually been a pretty good sport about it.
And I thought he might enjoy this song because it's called Nature, I Hate It.
And as I say it, oh, look at the background music by Just John ended at just the right
moment.
And that means I should.
What a perfect setup time for the cue.
It's magic.
Now, remember, take that Q-tip out of your ear.
OK.
If someone were to come up really quickly next to you and perhaps maybe want to hold
your head or something, it could go all the way to the other side of your head.
Well, it's been a while since time began
A bad struggle against nature, force and nature against man
Tectonic, pre-human, to simple quicksand
Nature has the power, nature has the upper hand
Nature! I hate it!
Nature! I hate it!
Well, the forces of nature come in many degrees
Maybe a forest fire peg
Or a fire in the air

Or killer bees
Or maybe an earthquake
Or maybe typhoons
Or tornadoes, volcanoes
Or angel monsoons
Nature! I hate it!
Nature! I hate it!
In the baby's dioxide
Blue glitters
Wipe out a whole species
How does that make you feel?
Cod your hole in the earth
Fill that hole with plastic
The way we treat our planet
Wanderer than a man
Nature! I hate it!
Good Lord, I hate it!
Way Remembers Me
회
guitar solo
solo
Cal
man
the

wish I
could control
the action
of
others
and
We should love nature as one of our brothers.
Don't you know it's not?
Now say, who's your mother?
Nature!
I ain't never been to nature.
Nature!
Don't love it.
Nature!
Don't love it.
Nature!
Nature!
Nature!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Thank you.
I don't want to get off the stage.
Get off the stage.
Who told me to get off the stage?
Am I just paranoid?
