Let's do some effects.
Ten more minutes?
Some effects for the drug impaired.
We're on WCSV Cleveland.
There, did we do that right?
I think so, it sounded right to me.
It was so pretty.
I love that automatic reverb you got going from being next to the Coke machine downstairs
and having your foot stuck in the incremental medicine machine.
No.
No, stay where you are.
For this is a time of slack.
This is the slack hour.
These are the flatest of men, period.
A squeamish.
About these, the prostate and the exams.
And I'm trying to figure out, and so they already are not likely to go in for the exam.
Don't want to talk about it.
And so, how do you make the jump?
The sun comes up and I jump out of bed from terrible dreams swimming in my head.
Out in public in my BBDs and I can't find a place to take a pee.
My wife.
My wife says, sucker, you's middle aged.
Let me tell you about something that's all the rage.
Hurry to the dog boy fast as you can.
It's about time you had an exam.
Go downtown and stick out your can.
Let them take a look at your prostate gland.
Don't be late for the 8 o'clock tram.
You going downtown for a prostate exam.
It's about time you had an exam.
Maybe an eight year old prerequisite to get that right?

I don't have these, a big Come on I only have a half foot left.
Ahmed comedian can't remember How-to's and movies.
I don't want to use Turk.

What was bothering me?
She rubbed her chin and said,
I think I see.
She handed me a robe and she turned to go,
but she asked a couple questions about urine flow.
The doctor walked in staring over his glasses.
I knew he must have gazed up thousands of asses.
Took off my hat and band over a stool,
said,
Me ton trois au fondement que.
Tra la la la la.
Get me a check on my prostate gland.
Tra la la la la.
I've been a little worried about my prostate gland.
Tra la la la la.
Drinking my coffee and eating All Brand.
Tra la la la la.
Then I head downtown for a prostate exam.
I think I see.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
The epithelium is highly variable
and areas of loquivoidal or squamous epithelium
are also present.
With transitional epithelium
in the distal regions of the longer duct.
He dunked his finger,
got it covered with grease
and stuck it in my butt
with relative ease.
Rolled it around
and in case it happened,



I felt him start to pushing up against my bladder.
The prostate, that's an exocrine gland.
In Greek, it means a guy who's taking a stand.
I tell you all this so you'll understand
that I feel a lot better about my prostate gland.
Everything's better with my prostate gland.
The nurses all singing about my prostate gland.
Wiggle your hips and clap your hands.
And close to the bottom with my prostate.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm being considered Irish by the European Union.
Speaking through an interpreter,
Secretary of State John Kerry says Russia respects radar screens.
And Kerry says,
We believe in a great track that's not Islam.
It's a shit that won't be with the Islam.
No one's officially naming to me their joints.
It's a good thing I'm so just shit.
And other members of the elite.
PR's reports report the search for the misanthropist
in five and a half signals has been expanded
after indications the signal was lost.
Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steve says
the U.S. is the winner of this year's
National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction.
A source familiar with the Invesal Awards
tells PR, this is PR News.
The story of Acute Think,
a novel about life in war-torn Katrina.
Awards were also given for
Biography, Autobiography, Poetry,
Autopoetry, and PR News, Washington.
Ann Boehner said, this is PR News.
In Washington.
In Washington.
Happy puppy tongues
lick magic fairy ties.
Ice cream cones and licorice stones
stacked ten miles high.
While lonely orphans shed a tear
and softly wonder why.
Won't you bring back the old sock days?
The old sock days of yore.
Of twills and frills and gabbertees
and socks I've known before.
The frost is on the pumpkin
and the dew is on the boar.
So bring back those old sock days
to sweet seconded poor.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Wall Street bankers wipe their chins.
Their day has just begun.
Yeah!
Yeah!
The granders turgid phalluses
for unprotected fun.
Yeah!
Strolling past the businessmen.
Yeah!
Not to be outdone.
A chance upon a roving band.
A symphonic night.
So bring back the old sock days.
The old sock days of yore.
Of cotton polyester blends
from my favorite corner store.
The socks I find in shopping malls.
I can't help but implore.
So bring back the old sock days
and pray there's no more war.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!

Yeah!

Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Pretty good job, that boots!
And now you go lose your seatbelt.


printed with the face of Albert Fudd.
Sweaty pink republicans,
their loins are stained with blood.
They pause to taste an acris play
from Satan's scaly pud.
Then Mitch McConnell carries home
to wash Winona Jones.
So bring back the old sock days,
the old sock days of yore.
The twills and frills and gabardines,
the socks I've known before.
I feel despair and failure there
within my dresser drawer.
So bring back those old sock days,
that's what I'm praying for.
Yes, bring back the old sock days,
you sweet seductive heart.
Thank you.
Thank you, Ho Chi Minh City.
Thank you.
Hello, hello, hello.
He's so monster, hell.
Bad times rolling around.
It's a prehistoric thing.
It's a prehistoric monster.
It came from outer space,
created by the marshals to destroy the human race.
The FBI is helpless.
It's 20 stories tall.
What can they do?
Whom can they call?
Hello, friends, and welcome.
The sermon tonight is entitled,
The Sermon on the Mount.
How to prepare for the end of times.
Obviously, they're just around the corner now, aren't they?
You look on the horizon, and what do you see?
Death, destruction, nuclear Armageddon, all-out war.
Now, most beings, they're afraid of what they see.
Oh, no, we might get hurt, they say.
Damn right, and that's the beauty of it.
Not only are they going to get hurt,
they're going to get killed, each and every one of them.
They're going to be slimming,
and in their own blood.
Now, what about the subgenies, you say?
Well, we're all in this together now, you say.
Right?
Wrong!
We've got a lifeguard,
someone to toss us a lifesaver.
That life preserver is none other than J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And the rope that connects us to his salvation is slack.
The only way you're going to be able to reach Bob Dobbs
and stay afloat is to have enough slack on your lifeline.
Now, friends, what does it take to have enough slack?
For one thing,
you should always remember who you are working for.
Now, the pinks, they think they're going to retire for the conspiracy,
and the conspiracy is going to protect them.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh, they have a rude awakening in store for them now, don't they?
It will begin as a small conflict,
a police action, if you will.
Then it will expand and grow and engulf the Persian Gulf.
Next you'll know they'll be knocking at your door
and ringing on your telephone.
Guess who gets an all-expense page?
The
real fun doesn't even start until the bombs start going off in your very own neighborhood.
Oh, sure, at first it'll only be a local terrorist or two,
so it won't be as if you're being blown to bits by strangers,
but then again, what difference does it make when you're flying through air with the greatest of ease, eh?
Besides, it's only a matter of time before it begins to rain bombs from the heavens.
You won't be able to step outside without getting an instant flash burn.
Wh-wh-wh-wh-what's that you say?
Everyone is on our side?
The world is united so no one would want to attack us?
Who said the bombs would be coming from anywhere on this world?
Friends, they'll be dropped from sub-orbit,
from intergalactic sanitation and sterilization ships
dispatched from our good old friends up yonder on Planet 10.
They'll watch until the pinks are pretty well pooped from killing each other,
and then they'll come on down and mop up.
The killdozers and amphibious land shark ships will sweep across the countryside with typical efficiency.
They'll round up the pinks like cattle.
Death will take a holiday.
The lucky ones will die quick.
The unlucky ones will die slow.
And the moron majority won't die at all.
They'll be put in plastic bags and freeze-dried for convenient interplanetary self-service space snacks.
Oh, don't you believe the conspiracy lies that pinks don't taste good?
They may not have good taste,
but they damn sure taste good!
This is just a plain and simple fact you must take on faith,
for even Bob Dobbs does not suggest that you eat pinks before X-Day.
Lick pinks, now that's all right, but eat them. Taboo!
They're a dessert to be savored, to be saved,
something to look forward to, something to gloat over as we float over to our promised land beyond the stars.
And we gotta keep them now fresh, don't we?
Oh, yessiree, you probably think that a pink can't be freeze-dried and then thaw back to life,
but you're wrong.
You're talking about a conspiracy technology there, folks.
But we're talking about the same brains that can go traveling through light years and instantaneous folding of space.
Do you think that the minds that contain the wisdom of the universe would allow the pinks to escape life with nothing more than a freeze burn?
Why, that only measures 265 candles on the agony scale.
Why, getting sliced to death by paper cuts earns less candles than that.
And after all the pinks have done to you,
you're willing to send them off with a mere million paper cuts?
Have you no human dignity?
Have you at long last surrendered all semblance of common decency?
Bob said, do unto them as they have done unto you.
So anything short of the glass rod ramming routine is fair game.
Then again, nah.
Don't let anybody say the subgenius don't have a little compassion here and there.
So where does this leave us today, dear friends?
It radiates new hope amongst the darkened dreams.
And while we're on a dreary horizon,
while some whine and whimper about the possible loss of a few million lives hither tither and yawn,
we celebrate, for bub-lical prophecy is coming to fruition.
At long last, the exes will come forth to wreak Bob's revenge.
For lo, these many years of yearning, burning, and churning amongst the pseudo-suitable substance some say sucks.
Let my people go.
Swing low, sweet chariots of fire.
They're coming to take us away, ha.
Yea, the end is nigh.
So eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow they die.
Preeeease, Bob, amen.
I never know somebody do the shimmy like they do in Cucamonga.
I never knew nobody do that shimmy like they do in Cucamonga.
In Chicago ain't no shimmy, not like I seen in Cucamonga.
In Chicago won't find shimmy, not like they do in Cucamonga.
In Cucamonga they got a strut, from the wobblin' knees up to where they keep their butt.
In Cucamonga doin' a strut, from the wiggly wobbly knees up to where they got their butt.
In Sandusky won't find shimmy, not like I seen in Cucamonga.
In Kentucky ain't no shimmy, that's why we wrote a stupid song, yeah.
In Cucamonga they got a strut, from the wiggly wobbly knees up to where they keep their butt.
Palpitating flippers and a-

And gills, Grandpa Jones at the windowsill.
Whirling walls of razor blades leave a river of blood where the rapists promenade.
Iron rand in her domino duds with a strap on dildo sprayin' acid from the bulb.
Fire and pus and heroin squirt from her vaginal lips pokin' through a grass skirt.
Fire and pus and heroin squirt from her vaginal lips pokin' through a grass skirt.
Fire and pus and heroin squirt.
Fire and pus and heroin squirt from her vaginal lips.
Fire and pus and heroin squirt from her vagina.
dressed in a sale.
Packed a gun around her waist in selfusement with a police car.
In Cucamonga they gotta dance The menfolk do it when they wanna make romance
In Cucamonga they gotta stance Where they wave around the arms and make a
drizzle in the pants
Philadelphia, they won't help ya Shimmer like they do in Cucamonga
Tierra del Fuego, Gotlum bago Ain't a shimmy like Cucamonga
A pipe of more than titanic size
Furlongs and lathes
Jotted from the rictus of the terrifyingly huge mouth
Whose lips were skinned back from the form of white teeth
Set too close together to be fastened upon the pipe in any comprehensible way
Under the nightmare of that mindless but all-encompassing gaze
The two quaked in cosmic fear
Clutching each other and begging each other to kill each other
Soon their knees smote together in fear
But the hideous face swelled and seemed to fill the entire sky
Then the whole field of vision saw that nothing else could be seen
Come, you heavy laden, to the feast of the sauropods
Everybody thinks Brontosaurus was such a patsy
Why, that thing was as vicious as can be
Didn't anyone ever see King Kong?
People say because it was a vegetarian, it was peaceful
Ha! A rhinoceros is a vegetarian
The Cape buffalo, the most dangerous edible on oink
That's a... look at, look at what it's doing!
The Brontosaurus was good
But the Tyran-Triana-saurus Rex was bad
Cause he ate me
The Tyrannosaurus was bad
Because it ate me
No, you're wrong, Timmy
The Stegosaurus did not eat meat
And not only that, it was not bad
It was a creature of radiant angelic goodness
Such as we evil fallen beings in the post-Adamic world cannot possibly comprehend or understand
I sure don't get it myself
I don't know what's going on
Hopefully, we'll have some sort of a Dave-man
Yes, the original Dave-man
Should be...
Hello?
Yes, original Dave-man
It's Dave-man
Oh, it was the original Dave-man
No, it was, uh, personification is very lewd
I can see it, yeah, yeah, you remember, never mind
Well, you sound healthy and hale, lonesome cowboy Dave-man
Well, what's the intrinsic, what's the meaning, not the intrinsic meaning, but what's the meaning of, uh, of Harry, H-E-R-R-Y?
Uh, H...
Do you know the meaning of that word?
H-E-R-R-Y, Harry?
Is it, is it like smottage or pride and ophage or something like that?
Or is it something a little bit less literal?
Harry, Heary?
This is like cherry without the C?
Uh, Harry, but not like, you know, a fuzzy, hairy person, H-E-I-R-Y
Uh, more, you know, uh, you know, like Hale and Hardy, only hairy
Oh, okay, yeah, uh, whatevs
Whatevs
Uh, sometimes I get lost in the spirit, you know, it gets so exciting
I know, I'm sorry if I pursue such stupidity
Well, as long as you catch it, if, that's the important...
Well, even then, it's the pursuit that counts, isn't it?
Yes, yes, it's the pursuit that counts
You know, you're a loser if you don't catch it, but, uh, what the heck, at least you tried
It's like chasing a vagrant with a sign
Once they drop the sign and head off towards the vacant lot, you know you're screwed, you know?
Speaking of vagrants, I, uh, read today that some, uh, a mayor in, in Florida or Oklahoma
Or one of those heavenly places was, uh, decided to outlaw homelessness
Ah, that was smart
Some Popeye's rocket thing, you know
They were gonna make it illegal to, well, it's always been, it's always been legal to stop people from illegally loitering
Whatever that means, you know
Yeah, some seismic gas bag, uh, waiting, just waiting in the wings to splat on you
But now I guess if your, if your luck is so bad or your brain damage or disease or whatever is so bad that you can't, you just can't get a job
And you can't get a job and you can't get a job
And you can't get a house, they're gonna arrest you for that in this town
And I guess let the taxpayers pay your rent as you are fed in the jail
Indigence is illegal
And the love of such things is growing too
A vast number of communities are adopting these same techniques and tactics from dealing with homeless people
And vagrants at large, people just don't have enough change when they walk in the store and have to walk back with counting the days of peonage
See, we warned you, Sharia law, that's what it is
Oh wait, that's a different law
The days of peonage, where people are just picked up randomly and made to work in chain gangs
And with their feet bound together and their teeth carried and things like that
When, when guys who've been in chain gangs together refer to it as, yeah, we was married together
Yep, absolutely
We were, we were in the clinkers
I've been reading about the early years of Australia as a British penal colony
And, uh, boy, you could do quite a horror movie just to, and call it a documentary
And it would still be the scariest thing, I was having nightmares from reading that book
Just a realistic depiction
The things the British did, God will never forget
Well, if that's the case, then he's probably gonna remember a few things Amerikey did
And a few things almost everybody did, cause
It seems like every culture gets their moment in the sun
When they get to genocide everybody else around them for a little while
And then of course they end up another old third world rust bucket, waste basket, eventually
I think what, yes, I think what's interesting is the, of own, you know, beloved Italia
Which, uh, once was the Roman Empire and conquered France and Spain and stuff
Was later, uh, the property of France and Spain
Well
That's what happens, you know what I mean?
Right, right, well, England for the longest time was the property of
France, Germany, Denmark, you know, you name it
They, every, they didn't have those names then
But, the British, the British happened to
What's that name like, I'm sorry
You sound just like PR News, tonight's PR News
Yeah, and well, I was trying to do one of the funny names
Has Fernand and Italy murdered?
Have you ever been editing your tongue?
No, but he, I heard he has a lizard tongue now because he made a pact with the devil
I wouldn't call it the actual
Well, we've, you know, we've all kind of been there and done that
You can get out of it, I, I think
The devil said you could
Hey, I was a fortune teller for 25 years, Tang
Don't forget the days back in Hartford, Connecticut when we first met
When you first joined the crew and came home and told us about the church of a subgenius
And those were days of flopping up in the parking lot and laughing all the big time
And toasting the old coffee cup with the extra little sunshine in it
You know, guys like that
I'm sorry
Copyright 19, 2000 something, Philodrumm
Hey, I've been reading headlines and not articles
And I have, let's see
Oh, the most recent one I read
Anti-gay North Carolina GOP candidate outed as former female impersonator Miss Mona Sinclair
Well, he's probably anti-gay because he doesn't ever want anyone else to be as embarrassed as he is being outed after being anti-gay
So it's like, what if they're, what if they're outed?

I mean, I think they're anti-gay, but they were gay
So they better not be gay anymore
Oh, no, there's always been plenty of those people
Think of J. Edgar Hoover
I understood he was quite a, had quite a Hoover about him
Yeah, he was quite a screamer or whatever, you know, disparaging words you want to use and stuff like that
He used to dress up funny and like they had Hellfire Club meetings and everything
Oh, there's a, there's a movie, a new, a new bio
I don't think you remember the girl?
I think she was a little bit sick about J. Edgar Hoover starring Leonardo DiCaprio
I'd love to see Leonardo in a dress, he'd probably be cute
Yeah
Let's see what else we have here
Oh, scientific American editor flooded with hate tweets after Fox News targets him
Well, it serves him right
He was on one of their talk shows and they said, you can't say anything about climate change
So when he got off the interview he tweeted that, I was on Fox today, I feel like I need a shower
So Fox in return gave out his internet address so that people could tell him that he must die
What an addictive squad, they should never do things like that
Apparently that on that same TV network somebody, there was a whole panel
Media brown shirts
Yeah, the whole panel was imagining that he was on Fox News on the day of the election, they should never do things like that, apparently on that same TV network somebody, there was a whole panel Media brown shirts
the assassination of Hillary Clinton, and then used that to attack her for Benghazi.
Now, like I said, I only read the headlines, but they're pretty good.
Oh, and my favorite one was Fox and Friends links Benghazi and missing Malaysia flight
and blames Obama for both.
And here's their reasoning.
Hang on. Here's their reasoning.
Of course, as we know, Obama caused the Benghazi attack to happen.
Naturally.
Because he didn't stop al-Qaeda.
Well, yesterday, a British newspaper reported that the Malaysian government had arrested 11 terrorists,
Muslim terrorists, for destroying the Malaysia flight.
And so Fox and Friends was blaming Obama for that airplane disaster.
And I think that's the point.
And then they said that the Malaysian government is just disappearing because he failed to stop al-Qaeda.
However, the Malaysian government came out and said that British newspaper is lying their butts off.
Nothing like that happened.
So who are you going to believe?
And Alabama Chief Justice said that since Buddha didn't create us, the First Amendment only protects Christians.
Since Jesus created us, I guess.
It doesn't protect Jews.
Thank you, we.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Because Jews only believe in God the Father, and they leave out the Son for sure.
I don't know where they are in the Holy Ghost.
God and Chinooka.
Don't forget Chinooka.
Now what?
Chinooka.
Chinooka?
Is that your, the Alaskan Indian god that created us?
No, that's one of the Hebrew deities, I thought.
Chinooka.
Chinooka.
Are you talking about that holiday they have?
Chanukah?
Chanukah?
Yeah, Chanukah.
Yeah, Chanukah.
Chinooka.
I was riding my shoes as rather they would ride me.
You know what I mean?
I was feeling so literal, or not, lyrical.
That's the word.
I was feeling real lyrical and stuff like that.
It is.
You can't play.
You can't play 12 chords.
Because the first and the last thing is just an octave.
And you can't.
I'm sorry.
I lost my.
You are forgiven.
Lost my mind.




You are forgiven, lonesome cowboy Dave.
Thank you.
You are forgiven.
That is a hot sandwich to forgive to.
And I'm right on my, right next to me.
Here's another headline.
South Dakota Republican thinks about gay men having anal sex a whole lot.
That was a headline.
I'd like to have my face next to a headline like that.
Unless I was, you know, running on that fact.
Yes.
I was just thinking of the fact that the Murdoch family based its fame on tabloids back in Australia
and Great Britain and places like that.
So, you know, that's where they started and how they got there.
And they were kind of closely allied with the old group, certain little group called
the National Front.
They managed to give a lot of money, which is a British neo-Nazi group, of course, which
had antecedents in Mosley's Raiders, of all things, for crying out loud.
And yet we still worship at the foot of this media deity, which you have just named in
your speech.
I'm sorry.
I'll shut up anyway.
I'm sorry.
Poor Dave.
Dave.
What a sorry character he is.
Don't shut up.
Please don't shut up ever.
You have to shout and make a lot of noise because when you die, you shut up like hell.
To quote the great Jeroen van Dam.
Or what was that?
Was that his name?
Was Jeroen something?
Jeroen.
I know that.
He was a crazy guy we met in Holland one time.
And it's true.
When you die, you shut up like hell.
Yes.
And some of us should probably shut up like hell before we die.
But we won't do it.
You'll have to kill us.
No.
I shouldn't have said that.
I'm just kidding.
We refuse, senores.
Compagnie.
We refuse.
We strike the fissures.



We'll catch the fish through stark fish removal in the ice and tie them in the nudge
ice and take the bags of chicken that we've left out to the downside.
We'll catch and net the stark fish of removal.
Oh, here's a headline.
Here's a headline for you, Princess Wee.
You won't like this one.
Okay.
Lawsuit.
Whole foods suppliers pressured to lie about the origin quality of their fish.

I'm always putting down whole foods.
Princess Wee's kind of a hippie, you know, and she'll go in there when they have good
deals.
But they don't fool me.
They're not fooling me.
No, sir.
I was there when they took over their very first mom and pop health food store and turned
it into a supermarket for rich white people.
Okay, there I went and said it.
It actually isn't just for rich white people.
It's for all rich people.
But I like to say that phrase because it's more offensive.
That's okay.
Okay, I said it.
Look out there, that stuffed bag.
It's all glory.
Flopping in the wind like a flat jack or a mountain of dice.
Sorry.
I said that to a guy we know who works at a Whole Foods and he looked at me like, okay,
whatevs.
I love that new word, whatevs.
The kids have been saying it for about 15 years now.
I think we've used it.
Yeah.
Five times.
We've finally begun saying it.
Yeah, five times just so far in the show.
Hey.
That's the number of feet I could count, you know.
Hey, you know what, Dave?
You interrupted me.
I'm sorry.
Actually, when you called in, I was just about, as always, about to do the credits and I forgot
to mention.
I'm sorry.
No, it's not, Dave.
I told you to call at 920.
You called at 920.
I was late.
And no, I'm sorry.
It's not your fault.
I do apologize.
And we're all sorry.
We're so damn sorry.
We might as well just throw in the towel and quit.
Really, man.
I've had enough.
I just can't stand it.
I just want to give you a hand.
But I'm going to give the credits anyway.
That sermon, the earlier, the sermon, How to Prepare for the End Times, was, of course,
by the great Father Joe Mama, popularly called Papa Joe Mama.
PR News and our titles, as always, were edited by Fernanda Ndele-Mur.
And all the music that you missed, Dave, was by the Rudy Schwartz Project from their new
album, which is called Winter Dance of the Koala Sperm Harvest.
And we played the songs My Prostate Gland, Bring Back the Old Sock Days, and In Cucamonga.
Oh, yeah.

And Rudy, as Schwartz in Rudy Schwartz Project is spelled S-C-H-W-A-R-T-Z, which means you
may now Google and download or steal or whatever all of the great Rudy Schwartz Project material,
which proves, Rudy Schwartz Project, if you ask me, proves that it is possible to be a
Zappa fan and go where the finger points.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.








It's sucking on the finger like most of these Zappa fans do.
And that goes for subgenius fans as well.
And Doctor Who fans and Fireside, all those so-called pseudo-intellectual damn weirdo stuff.
They're excuses for losers to think they're smart.
Because they're fans of this thing that somebody told them was smart.
Somebody who was lying to them or dumb.
So, I dare.
That could be true.
That could be true.
That could be really, really true.
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
It could be, it could be, it could be, it could be, it could be, it could be really, it could
be, it could be really true.
Walter Brennan's on the line.
I thought he was dead.
No, I mean, I'm Doctor Who.
Now, now, Duke, Duke, you don't want to, you don't want to do nothing rash now, do you?
Don't tie me to that wagon wheel now, Duke.
I'll tell him, please, please.
It's got sand all over it.
It's going to hurt, Duke.
Dave?
What have you been breathing?
I just wondered why you had to go and do that.
I didn't do nothing.
He's innocent.
I can't do nothing.
He changed the whole atmosphere from innocence to depravity.
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Princess Wee's laughing at the way I look when I say that.
I'm sorry.
I hunch down and look all submissive and beaten.
I turn my butt up towards Bob.
Some say it's the look of a gargoyle hunched in its own, you know, it's under breath.
Dave, your voice is sounding like you invented a new low-rent special effect.
Yeah.
I started to cough.
I couldn't just cough.
I tried to be humorous throughout the entire thing.
I gave him some bizarre script and I was being my character.
I don't know how he does that.
That's amazing.
I don't either.
What's the name of that filter?
I've never heard someone cough talk before.
Yes, you have, dear.
You've heard quite a bit of it if you stop and think about that.
You mean if I listen to myself?
I've heard quite a few people talking like this.
Learn to cough like Captain Drummond.
The musical coughs of the subgenius doctor bands.
The musical cough, indeed.
Is this the police ever can wear the right, you know, kind of equipment?
And you're a kid.
Is it?
Yes and no.
Whatever.
I'll have to listen to this.
Back to the recording to know what you said.
To figure out exactly what it is that you just asked.
I am worried now that every listener now is going to catch Dave's cough.
Me too.
In fact, I'm starting to feel a little tickle in the back of my throat.
I've got a little tickle too just from listening to that.
And not just in my throat.
I've got a little tickle down there.
And it's not the good kind.
And by down there, I don't mean up here.
Yeah, that's the clothes you wear.
Made for the job.
Yeah, I mean, you know.
Texas gun groups protest sends restaurant employees fleeing for freezer as cops respond.
I can't wait to read that one.
Teacher fails to fool police with bomb threat written in the broken English of her students.
That one sounds like a made-for-TV movie in the making.
Yeah.
New York City cyclist arrested for using cellphones.
Cellphone to film cop told iPhones are being used as guns.
And the cops actually, I read that one.
The cops actually took this guy and arrested him and threw him in jail.
Uh-huh.
And explained to him that, well, just last week, a 13-year-old shot a police officer with an iPhone.
That's what the guy was told.
What?
Yeah, an iPhone.
And iPhones are being used as guns.
Oh, that's new one on me.
The cops said it.
It's okay to beat you up if you point an iPhone at them when they're beating somebody up.
Because it might be a gun.
Really?
And plus, you should never shoot a cyclops, no matter how old they're, 13 or 12.
The only thing an iPhone shoots is a picture.
Are you questioning the New York City Police Department?
Yes, sir.
Well, don't do that in New York City, honey.
Okay.
I remember one time in the subway, one of them just walked over and urinated on the third rail.
And I'm sorry.
Dave, I feel like we should fly to Ashtabula real fast and give you a tracheotomy or something.
That would be kind of fun, actually.
Not the flying to Ashtabula.
I can't imagine that.
But the, I got a ballpoint pen.
No, no.
That's what you use in emergencies.
No, no.
I don't need a tracheotomy.
We can't do that.
But you have to plunge it in.
It's suddenly and fast.
You can't just fiddle around.
Nope, nope.
If you're going to give somebody a tracheotomy, just go at it.
Does it get you high?
Is what I was wondering.
We're going to have to watch the film The Heat, dear.
And then after you see that, you won't want to do it with the pen anymore.
Really?
There's a scene like that?
Yeah.
The film is The Geese?
A movie called The Heat.
The Heat.
Oh, The Heat.
I thought you meant The Canada Geese.
Oh, it's a comic.
Those two.
It's a comedy.
That's what you sound like.
A goose.
He does sound like a goose.
I'm like a river.
I'm like a river old school actor of the old days.
With a river twangy voice and a nasal husky overtones.
And a vacuum cleaner stuck neatly in my derriere.
And I'm screaming out to the world, pay attention to me.
About all things because I'm so...
Never mind.
Not everyone can wear that, you know, Dave.
Not everyone can wear it.
I'm a D-cup, baby.
You know what I'm saying?
I see, yeah.
I'm still...
Sorry.
I was thinking about...
I was thinking about the electric pumps on my head.
You know, but I didn't...
The electric sub-pump on your head?
No, the electro-cups.
The electro-cups.
The D-cups.
The brassieres.
The D-cups on your head.
The head.
The head brass.
And you know...
You know, on one of them.
You know, despite the demon attack, the phones work fine.
But Dave's voice doesn't work.
This time his phone works and the phone lines here work.
But Dave's voice is all like...
Sounds like Pigman.
Remember Pigman?
He's calling the station all the time.
Pigman.
I learned how to shave a pig with a blowtorch from Pigman.
Well, this music in the background is from the band Mayan Ruins, who are friends of ours.
They play at Starwood a lot.
And it's from their CD called Temple of Ancient Dub.
Yaman.
Ya.
Yaman.
Yeah, this has a bunch of people playing on it, but we know Princess Wee.
Yes.
I like Duke.
But we never know their real names.
Huh?
Hey, hey, hey.
Do you know what Duke knew?
Of course you know.
I know about Dub and Scott, but have you ever heard of Dupa music?
I'm sure we might have heard it from any Polish people that happen to live in the area.
Perhaps.
Dupa music?
Dupa music?
Dupa music.
But music.
I know about a Dupa.
I'm sitting on my Dupa.
Yeah, and it makes a sound of its own that's, you know, really hard to recreate.
That's why I've been working on it here for a little bit.
I was hoping I could maybe play...
Kind of like a...
Plotzy sort of sound.
Oh, let me see.
Let me look at you.
Oh, wait.
Is this like throat singing?
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
You see it?
It still thinks I sound like a subcortical or like a human or a subgenius or something like that.
Or that...
My voice is not...
It's not back to its mellifluous beautiful...
It's not.
It's not in its usual mellifluous...
Yes.
It's beautiful right now.
It's beautiful right now, you liars.
I've noticed lately that if I don't talk for a while, believe it or not, that sometimes happens.
If when I do start to talk, it starts out like this, and then it kind of settles in.
Yeah.
I've been having dreams like that, but it's usually that I'm like near some dairy store, like an old-fashioned ice cream place here.
And there's like these...
You know how people are real scared of ice cream, or not ice cream men, but clowns, you know?
But so people are like kind of scared of ice cream men, too.
It's that same primordial fear of this seemingly nice character.
Agreeable character.
This seemingly agreeable and nice character is actually the face of your animal fears, you know?
I thought the ice cream man decided to put maybe something in the chicken patties.
I'm trying to understand.
The ice cream man put some bean in the navy something or other.
I was...
I was...
I was...
That's all you can make out of it?
Dave, your voice sounds a little mushy.
I'm not...
It might be your cell phone.
At least we're pretty sure it's not the lines here anymore.
It could be the Christian Hartman Mayan Ruins music that's making it difficult.
I don't know.
Well, I know what I'll do.
I'll switch to ESO music.
How's that?
I think your nostrils are acting up.
But it's okay.
It's all right.
You don't dislike my nostrils overall in any sort of way.
They could use a shave, Dave.
Well, of course they could use a shave, but why not a little goatee going under the other way?
Having been so, you're symmetrical.
Well, you could have your goatee growing up into your nostrils if you guided it with wax and wires and strings long enough.
You could have them grow all the way down.
Now I'm getting an idea now.
I'm getting an idea.
What if you grew the hair up into your nostrils, one side of the mustache, okay?
Or a split chin beard that curves upwards over the mouth into each nostril.
Then...
Then...
Then...





Then...
Comes back around through the throat and out the mouth again.
Can I throw up now?
You should.
And then hangs out the sides of your mouth.
It would make eating messy, but, you know, you'd have to...
Oh, no.
I guess to wash the hair, you'd have to yank it out of your sinuses, wash it, and then work it all back through.
Oh, my God.
That's so disgusting.
After a while, it would happen quick.
You know, you'd work out stuff with fishing wires and stuff, fishing line to yank the hairs through.
And still, it's tricky.
It's almost like you would have to...
I am not liking any of this.
I'm an original thinker, and I've noticed that, you know, the way fashions are, everybody just copies each other.
And I've just thrown out an idea that the youth of today who are mostly doughy, pasty sissies,
but they spend a lot on haircuts to look like they don't care what people think of them, right?
Right.
So that, the mustache...
The mustache that grows up through your sinuses and then back out of your mouth,
that would be a truly daring look that would cause a doughy, suburban, hipster kid to, you know,
feel like he was doing something really different and special.
And pretty soon, everybody would be doing it.
And, of course, he'd be the first one to cut it off then.
And then we'd have to have matching pubis bogeys going the opposite direction.
And then we'd have, like, little, like, crop circle designs going on the back,
where we have our, you know, the hair on the back of our necks and our backs and stuff like that.
Now you're talking.
Kids, you out there, you impressionable kids that are listening to these fashion suggestions, pick up on it.
These are new things.
This has never been done.
Here's why I'm going to spill one that Puzzling Evidence suggested about 14 years ago.
We were standing around.
Yes, that Burning Man.
And Puzzling Evidence said,
when are they going to start cutting their skin into little ribbons and then weaving it into patterns like a basket?
You know, instead of just scarification or body piercings and tattoos,
how about just turning ribbons of skin into woven patterns?
So, like, your hand all the way up your arm could look like it was woven, like a basket.
You wouldn't have much sensitivity there after that.
Yeah.
You know, but it would look cool.
And it would prove that you didn't care what others thought.
Like the onerous misbehavior of any misdirected child who's become mean and malevolent
and has to have his future spanked down into a small little teeny tiny piece on a circle chart.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, what he said.
Well, I like the woven skin better than losing the last joint of the little finger.
I really didn't like that one.
Oh, was that one of puzzling evidences?
I don't know if it was puzzling evidences or not,
but it was some subgenius that was theorizing some new body modifications.
Man, we could think of a whole bunch of them for other people to do.
I could think of body mods all night long for impressionable young people to run to the mall and get that done
so they can prove they've been underground, anti-establishment their whole lives.
That's why I call you a grand pooster, too.
That's all you can think of.
Well, you know.
I don't mean a grand pooper.
You know it because you're literally taking that poor child, I forget what her name is,
Necklace or Vizima or something or something, really screwy Middle Eastern name and stuff
and plashing all over the internet saying you're his or her or its grandfather or any way related
and you say that we all somehow know everything's fine with you now
and that you're not really having a nervous breakdown.
Actually.
Actually.
Actually, about one out of ten of those people are telling the truth.
They are my grandkids.
Yep.
Yep.
And back when I was a grandkid.
I knew I'd get you going.
I knew I'd catch you.
And, you know, trying to, huh?
Back when I was a grandkid, you couldn't buy your coolness at the mall like a tattoo.
You had to grow it because it was your hair.
That was how you showed you were cool is you grew your hair real long.
It proved.
It proved you didn't have a job and were cool.
And my hair is now.
Honestly, it actually has made it.
I can quite honestly say that it's made it down to my butt.
The upper butt.
Yes.
But.
But.
Yes.
I had a nightmare last night.
I just remembered it on the way to the station.
Last night, I dreamed that I got really drunk and I was drunk in the dream.
And I went, I'm going to change my life around.
I'm just going to start all over.
I'm cutting this ponytail off right now.
And I snipped it off in an instant and then got sick to my stomach because I do that.
That took 25 years to grow.
And then I woke up and went, oh, thank goodness.
I never got that drunk last night.
My my my vanity is still attached to the back of my head.
Yeah.
As far as prophecy is concerned, I mean, how could anything be more absurd and ridiculous?
You merely cut off a small portion of your skull.
Now, it's not as if you're growing like, you know, flounders to repopulate the great banks, you know.
Well, remember when the skinheads decided to rebel against the long hair look by cutting all the hair off and being bald headed.
That actually originated with that trend started with white supremacist skinhead punks.
But later became popular among all white supremacists, not just punks.
So and just pinks, punks, pinks, white supremacists and pink supremacists and lots of black supremacists, I suppose.
What you see, G.
So as I was saying, white supremacists, you know, a really cool, the really cool white supremacists were the kids that wouldn't just shave their heads.
They would shave the skin off the top of their heads.
They were called skull heads.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But the fascists put them down, man.
Shipped them off.
Shipped them off to Australia.
Like strawberry jello, like they use in the movies and stuff like they'd be chewing on it.
So they look like they're eating human flesh and everything.
And they'd be growling and stuff like that.
And then this big, huge tubby ladies, corporal, corporeal, massively huge, humongous lady looks like she comes from the nurse's aid station.
All the way from the other side of town.
She takes a bus over there.
And starts beating the living hell out of them.
And I was going to tell them, you know, that probably gets the law.
And on that note, we must end this show, Dave.
Actually, I have five minutes of stuff I need to play in order to pack up and make way for the following show.
That sounds great.
And you should, you know, probably, oh, geez, now you made me forget what I was going to say.
That's okay, because you don't have time to say it.
And I'm going to do the thing now where I slowly start fading you out.
Oh, let's see.
I have to be ready with.
I'm not going to remember anywhere.
I'll just start babbling.
I know, but you'll hear the tape later and you'll hear how insultingly I fade you out like that.
So mean.
Oops.
Friends, I neglected to mention all through the show that the headlines were from raw story dot com.
Praise Bob.
Miss Quimby, just exactly who is this Bob person?
Don't you know who Bob is?
I'm surprised.
It's you, Mr.
Christian.
Well, after all, he's one of the best known of the 20th century.
I gobbled up the mountains at the sky and drank the sea until I was the universe.
The universe was.
Life, which burned and bled in the triumph of my dream.
Dim days where I stood steaming.
Brightly in the sleep spun sight stunned glimmer of that eagle crested dream thrust through the drafty tongue tied pause of those whose tender envelope of word washed flesh flinging that nameless bitter tear stripped cry to the ice green wind whipped strawberry passion of my fractured spleens.
Old lymph drained.
Lid.
Liquid.
Bob.
The poem that I just recited to you was composed in a hospital in Burma.
As I lay close to death, having been savagely beaten by a horde of outraged Belgian tourists.
You will find this poem in my collected verse entitled.
Forests.
Bob.
It is not yet been published in this country, but you can get a privately edited edition.
Signed personally by the author.
Either in cash or money order to Bob.
Sub-G soundation.
P.O. Box 181 417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
I would also like to express my thanks to the Ministry of Slack.
Who had the courage to write this poem.
And may I say the wisdom to invite me here.
As you know, Bob's work has been banned and Bob's books have been burned in 27 major countries and 14 newly emergent nations.
Why are they afraid of Bob?
Asks oneself.
Why?
Because Bob.
Bob celebrates the virtue.
The beauty.
The wonder.
The ultimate.
Ineffable.
Desire.
Of the ecstasy of Bob.
Oh, dulcis.
Imperatrix.
Whatever that may mean.
Bob.
Smarts on.
Smarts for me.
Oh, I like to kiss.
Bob.
Smarts on the cheek.
Before they fall asleep.
Inside of my brain.
Bob.
Smarts are wonderful things.
Stop it.
Don't you know that for every smart you learn, some other smart gets pushed out of your head?
And if you learn a whole book, you'll erase your mind and you'll forget about.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Just as I thought.
Dead.
P.O. Box 181 417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show.
And we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough to help us keep on going for another couple of months.
Not just this show, but subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.

Bob.

Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.





Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
$50 makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that glow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs
if you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to Subgenius Foundation.
P.O. Box 181417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
