The Subgenius Power of Splash!
It's hard to believe they were attacked by an owl.
Praise Bob!
Friends, we didn't do a live show this last Sunday night because I was finishing up a little movie of my own.
A movie that I started filming in 1964.
And I just finished it. It's on my YouTube channel, Rev Stang.
Anyway, we're doing a rerun this week. At least it's not an hour of slack rerun.
It is in fact a rerun of a show I did last Saturday week with a podcast called Project Archivist.
I had been on...
their show about three years ago and it was really fun.
So I did it again and it was fun.
And I'm just gonna run that show.
Again, the show is called Project Archivist.
If you type that into Google, that'll be... their show will be the first thing up.
Yeah.
We have the triumphant second coming of Reverend Ivan Stang of the Church of the Subgenius.
It's been, I think, three years.
It's been three years since we last had you on here.
And that was one of our most downloaded, most loved shows.
It's easily up within our top five shows that we've ever done.
And we've continuously throughout the years had people say,
when is Ivan Stang coming back on?
A little while ago, I'd say about a year and a half ago,
I was hanging out with a mutual friend of ours, Greg Bishop,
and we got into a big conversation about you.
And he's like, yeah, you need to get Reverend Ivan Stang back on the show again.
So ever since then, we've been trying to pull it off and figure out a way to get you on.
And finally, I just bit the bullet and said, hey, let's do this again.
And you obliged. And now here you are.
So welcome back to Project Archivist, Mr. Stang.
Well, thank you so much. Praise Bob. Praise Rogin. Praise Lobo.
Thank you.
By the way, it's not Mr. Stang. It's Reverend Stang.
Yes, Mr. Reverend Ivan Stang.
Ultimately, you're right.
I used Mr. Smith, which I've been demoted to on Facebook.
Basically, they busted me.
I've been using a fake name this whole time, but it sounds so much more real.
Mr. Smith sounds very generic.
So it's been a while since we've had you on,
and a lot of things as of late have been going on with the Church of the Subgenius.
Let's get started with –
before we jump into all this stuff, let's start from way back in the beginning.
The Church of the Subgenius started up in 1980. Is that correct?
January 2nd, 1980 was when we picked up the very first subgenius pamphlet from the printer.
And my wife was really mad because we had spent $60 on this thing, getting $100 or –
back then it was probably $500.
She basically said, if you don't send this to publishers and make money off it somehow,
you're in big trouble.
Because our intention originally was just to leave it around and save or confuse souls.
We were just going to leave them in laundromats.
Because my buddy Philo and I had been collecting what you might call kook pamphlets, fringe publications,
of all kinds – religious, political, whatever.
I later learned that the reason he was kind of –
he was recruiting me this whole time to work for this reclusive cult leader, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And the next thing you know, I got sucked into this crazy burgeoning new world cult.
I like the idea of it being dedicated to slack, although sometimes it's just a little bit of a drag.


But somehow they talked me into doing almost all the dirty work for years.
I was going to say, you've been doing this for quite a while, so how does one achieve slack
when one is the one out promoting how to get slack nonstop?
Well, Bob Dobbs is the one who gets all the slack, apparently.
Actually, all's well that ends well, because in the last few years – actually quite a few years – I got my payback.
I'm enjoying quite a bit of slack.
Kind of half-retired and having a real good time.
And my part in the silo is, too – the two of us have ended up ensconced on lovely ranches
in Texas and Kentucky, respectively, doing just what we most wanted to do,
which was not much of anything.
It's been great.
What's what retirement's supposed to be about?
Actually, we both have gotten busy.
Philo actually retired from what we call a conspiracy job.
And so he was really ready to jump back into Church of the Subgenius full-time.
And that's good, because I've been doing Church of the Subgenius full-time,
and I needed a different form of slack.
So I think he's going to be more involved, and I might be a little bit less involved.
But we're all still here.
How did you go about creating a religion from scratch?
Well, of course, this religion was started by J.R. Bob Dobbs.
We just happened to find a lot of his meaningful little memos with these wonderful quotes on them
that sounded wise, or at least they sounded good.
Like,
Too much is always better than not enough.
The subgenius must have slack.
Act like a dumbass and they'll treat you as an equal.
That kind of thing.
Some of them are not entirely words to live by, but like I say, they really sound good.
That's the first thing you need for a religion.
The second thing you need is an enemy.
And of course, in our case, that's all the normal people.
We call them human as opposed to subgeniuses.
But that sort of thing really appeals to people who are desperate to find something that makes them feel better than everybody else.
And maybe race isn't doing it for them.
They can't be smart because they're subgeniuses.
And even if they happen to be good looking, they probably believe they're not good looking.
We run into that a lot, too.
So it's a contrarious bunch of people you ever saw.
So trying to sell these weirdos a club for people who are non-joiners, it has been kind of an uphill battle.
And we did have to brand our materials.
When we finally got a book published, it had to be branded humor so that we didn't end up being thrown in prison for treason or schizophrenia or any number of, you know, psychosis.
We don't have anything to do with Satan, but you know how some people are.
If it's not their particular personal savior, then it must be the devil.
No, yeah.
Because there's short duration personal savior.
We don't expect people to worship Bob forever.
In fact, that would probably be a pretty bad idea.
And it's like he works in your life for a while just long enough to free you from that.
That seriously bad cult that you were in.
Which might have been your employer.
But more than anything else, it's been really fun.
We meet the most interesting people this way.
When would you say that the Church of the Subgenius was at its maximum?
Was that during the days of you running the MTV ad?
Which, by the way, we still run on our show.
Well, I've converted it to MP3, and from time to time I'll drop it in.
It's kind of like we have come and gone in terms of fame and coolness.
Around 1984, we were the coolest thing in San Francisco for one month, which is about how long you're allowed to be.
But then again, in the 90s, we were cool in the Northeast, around Cleveland and Jacksonville.

And then in general, you know, Northeastern cities, we were doing a lot of live shows and clubs and stuff then.
And then we got infamous again when a terrible thing happened around 2005 where I had a young business partner.
He and his wife had a child custody problem.
She had a child before they were married.
And her ex-husband tried to have this child taken away from her.
Because of Church of the Subgenius.
And this family judge in New York said, oh, okay.
And took the kid away from a really hardworking college-educated family and stuck him back with this near-to-well, mentally ill biological dad.
And that made a lot of news on the Internet.
And that tragedy caused us to get a lot more attention.
And actually, we made more money that year than just about any other time.
Of course, Bob takes it all.
We don't see much of it.
You're serious about this.
Didn't the church know what was up with all of this?
Or did they really, they bought into it, is what you're saying.
Well, there was this family judge who initially said, oh, I don't want to hear about Church of the Subgenius.
That's a joke.
But then.
They managed to convince him, partly because of some of the raunchy stuff.
Remember, this was like several years ago.
And we had a lot of raunchy stuff on the Internet.
People since then, one by one, they call me up and go, hey, my grandma's on the Internet now.
Can you take down those topless pictures of me at the Subgenius camp out?
We had plenty of those.
We had an annual.
We still do.
We have this annual.
We have this annual kind of camp out where we all wait for the flying saucers to come on July 5th, 1998 every year.
And we've been doing it for years at a couple of different campsites and event centers that specialize in pagan and no hippie type festivals.
So that basically you can make noise all night long.
And people can run around with no clothes on if they want to.
You don't have to worry about me doing that voluntarily.
Voluntarily.
The first year that the world failed, they had the whole crowd stripped me down and threw me into a smelly pond.
I felt like I'd lynched, as if it was my fault.
You know, I'm not Bob.
Would that be the first baptism?
We've been doing that for a long time.

And they were a lot of fun.
Although we've had to switch from a swimming pool to a pond lately.
And I've been surprised how many people are afraid to get into a pond just because it's full of spiders and muck.
It's strange.
These kids these days are kind of scary cats.
They're soft.
Yeah, that's right.
That is the coming of the millennial Subgenius.
Yeah.
They're not.
I would never, ever call people names on the basis of their age because it takes all kinds.
There's really cool 10-year-old subgeniuses.
And then there's, you know, 50-year-old jerks that call themselves subgeniuses.
But really, all that made them a subgenius was their $35 membership fee.
That's really all it takes.
Mm-hmm.
You know, you won't necessarily be accepted as an equal, I guess, unless you act like a dumbass.
But your money will be accepted on equal?
If only it could have been Church of the Genius.
We'd have smart people.
We'd be rich.
But instead, we have subgeniuses.
Oh, well, they're a lot more fun.
So I got to ask you.
When you first started doing this and you guys were on your rise, I had read somewhere that you were a subgenius.

And I was wondering if you had any idea that William S. Burroughs actually wrote a short story for you guys.
Is that true?
No, he didn't exactly.
We were doing an anthology with Simon and Schuster of short stories about Bob.
And we had stories from some luminaries, science fiction writers.
Robert Anton Wilson wrote one just for us.
It was a Lovecraft takeoff.
Oh, who?
And John Shirley and Lewis Shiner, a few of them.

And a few other known sci-fi writers.
And we decided we'd hit up William Burroughs because we had heard we didn't know him or anything, but we had heard that he was subgenius friendly.
People had gone to shows where he was and he'd recognize the Bob button.
We managed to get through the firewall of his assistant who didn't think he'd be interested, but he was.
He said, oh, yeah, I've got just the thing.
He had already written something.
He thought would be perfect.
It was mainly about Jim Jones and the People's Temple, that mass suicide.
And in the 70s and but it fit perfectly.
No, it doesn't.
Go ahead.
In his in this case, it did.
Plus, you know, he was like the biggest name we had on the cover of the book.
Not that it helped much.
He did request twice as much as we were paying everybody else.
I think he got six.
I think he got six hundred bucks.
Whereas most of us got three hundred for our short story.
This is really funny stuff in that it's out of print, but we have it all on subgenius dot com buried in our classics section.
So you can read the William Burroughs thing and a bunch of other really funny stories on there and both pulse pounding, exciting stories.
All of this stuff.
Even the pirate out of print.
Are you planning on bringing any of this back into print at some point or another?
Or is it just stuff that that was it?
It's done.
It's archived.
And that's the last anybody's going to see of it unless they go digging for it.
Or, you know, we're we're we have been we have just started embarking on us into self publishing again.
Thanks to print on demand companies so that you don't end up having to finance, you know, the printing of a thousand books that sit in your closet for five years.

We're going to reprint our old stark fist magazine, which was usually ended up being like a hundred and ten page journal that came out every two or three years.
And so we're going to I can reprint those pretty easily.
I've already scanned those.
I think I have rights to three fisted tails and I can release that.
And the other the two main subgenius books that aren't in print.
And I think I have rights to three fisted tails and I can release that. And the other the two main subgenius books that aren't in print.
Revelation X and newer one from 2006 called the Bob wollte
Okay.
When out of business and I'm going to
try to resurrect those books and we're also doing original stuff.
My radio partner, Lonesome Cowboy Dave, wrote a great sci-fi novel called Neighbor World.
It's almost like Clockwork Orange because it's written in this sort of future jargon.
It's great.
That one's our first one.
That was an easy one to do.
It was all text.
You can get Neighbor World on Amazon.com.
The book of the subgenius is still in print.
That's our original main book.
And strangely enough, that thing's been in print since 1983.
When you get your membership to the Church of the Subgenius, does that come with it?
Or is this like a Scientology thing where you got to experience the full strength of Bob?
You always need to contribute more.
Well, yeah.
It's a one-time.
You can become a lifetime subgenius for $35.
But no, we're not going to throw the book in.
You get a bunch of stuff.
I mean, you get the decoder ring, the bumper stickers,
the two magnets.
You get the main pamphlets, which are like little books.
And tons of graphics you can stick all over the place.
But, yeah, the book of the subgenius and Neighbor World and other stuff.
And the Hour of Slack radio show.
Now, that's free.
People can listen to that.
And there's 1,600 episodes online.
Now, you guys have been doing this for a while.
1985.
1985.
That wasn't even the first subgenius radio show.
Puzzling Evidence started doing a weekly show at KPFA in San Francisco in 1982.
And they're still on.
Do they still have a podcast feed?
Huh?
Do they still have a podcast feed going?
Because I was listening to them for a while.
Then it seemed like their feed or something fell off.
I wasn't able to find Puzzling Evidence anymore.
Or do they just combine with your feed?
Right.
There was somebody.
They weren't archiving it.
Somebody else was.
And he quit.
But now they're archiving it again.
If you just Google around for Puzzling Evidence, it should show up.
Or you can look at the page, the Hour of Slack page on subgenius.com.
Points to the other subgenius radio shows.
Of which, right now, there are three others besides Hour of Slack that are currently being done every week.
And I'm going to make a point.
Reverend Susie the Floozy does a show out of WREK in Atlanta.
And then there's a podcast called Time for the Show that's now being done every week or so by a bunch of younger folks who are much faster and less brain damaged.
Or maybe they're more brain damaged and they just sound faster.
I don't know.
So are there younger generations?
Yes.
Of subgeniuses coming in to fill the ranks now as the older ones get older?
Are you experiencing any growth in the church?
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
That's always been going on.
And plus, people get tired of it and drop away.
So there's been a certain amount of attrition all the time.
And yet there's new seekers coming in.
And the younger ones gripe a lot about, hey, it's all old people.
But there are young ones griping about that fact.
And they are somewhat outnumbered.
But yeah, there's always new ones come along.
Now, whether they're good for anything, that's a subjective viewpoint, I suppose.
I really enjoy the new radio show.
That's a change of pace for me.
And, you know, of course, anything.
Boy, you've been doing this job for 35 or 40 years.
Oh, God.
If anybody wants to do anything new, please do it.
Flip it out.
If you make a million bucks, send us 10%.
I make that 15.
15%.
Make a million bucks off this Bob ripoff thing.
Just send us 15%.
We'll be fine.
Wow.
And then we'll see you after we got some money out of you.
Then we'll sue you for trademark infringement.
Sounds about right.
All of it.
We haven't actually talked about that yet.
Because nobody's made a million bucks off of it.
It's true.
I got to ask you about the Devo thing.
Because Devo very much acquaints themselves with the Church of the Subgenius and Bob Dobbs.
How did you guys get involved with Devo?
How did that fall into place?
It was real easy.
I sent them a fan letter and a Subgenius pamphlet.
Because their second album, they had a little poster.
Actually, they got the artwork from us for the poster.
Or they redesigned one of our posters and made it theirs.
And they had a little...
No, that must have happened afterwards.
Anyway, at some point,
they had a poster.
They had a fan club, Club Devo, which is still going.
And I sent them a postcard and a pamphlet.
And I was amazed I got a response from Mark Mothersbaugh.
And he wanted to know more.
And I had done a 16mm underground movie
the one year I was in college.
And I sent that to them.
And they hired me on the spot.
And I was hired by the music company.
And they hired me on the spot to animate a G.I. Joe and Barbie
for one of their music videos, Love Without Anger.
And we just kind of did stuff for each other back and forth.
I did some animation for them real cheap.
And Mark contributed music to our MTV thing.
That music is by Mark Mothersbaugh.
And since then, I've kind of...
Mark has gotten so famous, I've kind of lost touch with him.
But I see Jerry Casale quite frequently.
And in fact, we were at his house.
Hanging out not very long ago.
He married a subgenius, too.
That proves it.
See, now there's going to be interbreedings
between divos and subgeniuses.
It's probably not a bad thing, though.
No, no, no.
Are you guys familiar with the band Negative Land?
Oh, yeah, very much so.
They opened at a...
They had our big show in 1984.
And that was like the second time they had ever played out.
Wow.
Wow, no kidding.
So at that point, we were more famous than them.
Around 1984, it's funny how many people I met
that I was slightly more...
I was a lot more famous than them,
although that's not saying much.
And then a few years later, they became household words.
Matt Groenig, for instance, of The Simpsons.
Yeah.
I met him when...
Just got in life in hell syndicated.
I got to see him again a couple of months ago, too.
And I hadn't seen him in all that time,
but he remembered that we had burgers at Astro Boy in L.A.
And sat around bitching about how we were never going to make it.
He's working on some real new show now.
I can't wait to see.
Future.
Future.
Futurama.
Futurama is like my favorite show that was on all the years that it was on.
Futurama was great.
It was on, then it went away, and then I think it came back.
I think it came back three times?
Yeah.
Was it two or three times?
I know it got canceled at least once.
Fox hated Matt Groenig because he had put them on the map
with something that made fun of right-wingers.
How dare he put them on the map making fun of idiots like them?
Yeah.
But so they really, they very much sabotaged Futurama as best they could.
They own The Simpsons.
They couldn't do anything about that.
But Matt had a much more connection to Futurama.
And they really, it was personal.
And I was so disgusted with the whole thing that when Fox started messing
with the scheduling of Futurama, I learned how to watch TV only on the internet.
And I haven't watched a regular cable show since.
I never see commercials.
So, ha ha.
Yeah, I became a cord cutter last year.
You learn how to download shows right after they air in England,
and the commercials are automatically cut out of them.
So, I guess it doesn't help the ratings of the show a whole lot, but I didn't have to.
Are you a Doctor Who fan?
You know, I never have actually watched a Doctor Who show.
Not once.
What?
Seriously?
I've also never seen an X-Files episode.
What?
Yeah, the reason for this is because I became a dad in 1979.
I'm the father of kids and this church.
And I had a day job.
So, I basically missed a lot of television, which I'm catching up on now.
I mean, half the people I know were real big Doctor Who fans.
I'm sure I'd love it.
But, I mean, yeah.
That's why I can't believe you can't watch Doctor Who.
It just blows my mind.
Well, you asked how you start a cult.
You have to sacrifice other cults.
You do.
You have to sacrifice your fandom.
You have to, like...
Yeah, it's...
You know, I missed out on all the other geek stuff in order to promote my own geek thing.
You need to do what Christianity does and just, like, encapsulate and absorb.
So, you need to, you know, you need to go and find those people and be like,
yes, we too are of the who.
And just absorb them into what you do and incorporate it into...
You know, all these subgroups of geek culture out there could very easily...
They need a shepherd, you know?
And you guys could fill that role nicely.
Well, yeah.
Well, we did do that for a long time.
The second book that we had published was called High Weirdness by Mail.
And it was a compendium of all the cool, weird stuff that we had discovered.
Some of it was kook material that was fun to read because it was insane and disgusting.
And other stuff was just really weird art.
And so, you know, we...
We tried to spread around our discoveries as much as possible.
The internet kind of made that redundant.
Yeah, I can see what you mean.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You know, all you had to do was type the word weird into Google and there it is.
It's done for you.
Yeah, I do it on a daily basis.
Literally.
Literally.
Our show functions on weird.
I need to ask you, and we discussed this very briefly before we hit record,
the whole Leesburg...
The 1956 drugstore ad that has a picture very much resembling Bob Dobbs.
What was that all about?
Oh, there's no question.
Well, see, here's...
That discovery spooked us.
Your listeners first have to imagine the original picture of Bob that put us on the map.
Is this...
Really, it's a halftone picture that looks like it was probably...
It started out as a drawing, like a black and white wash drawing.
I always imagined it was, kind of like a black and white painting.
And, of course, Bob had appeared in drawings and idealized pictures of him.
It had been showing up in magazines for decades, but they were all different angles of him, you know.
And it could be some other guy.
They all looked...
Every dad looked like that.
Half of them were named Bob.
They all had the pipe and they all had that...
Weird grin.
And some of them were Bob when he was modeling.
Well, still, the one true Dobbs hit.
It's like...
We had found it as a piece of clip art in a Yellow Page clip art book.
It was public domain.
Free stuff to use.
And we thought, well, that's Bob.
And we trademarked it.
And stared at it for 20 or 25 years.
Thinking that...
That was all there was.
Then somebody discovered these old ads in a newspaper in Virginia that had a photograph of Bob.
And it's definitely the one that the drawing is made from.
Because the Brylcreem gleam and the hair matches up perfectly.
The pipe does...
I mean, we've overlaid them on each other.
And yet, the photograph looks different.
He looks a lot jowlier.
He looks like an older guy than the main picture of Bob.
And it's a real face.
And so you can imagine.
That's like...
It just gave us the creeps.
We pretended we hadn't seen it for about four years.
Seriously.
It was like we just didn't know how to deal with it.
And then...
Is this like a possible situation where you have...
Like Bob Dobbs just reaching out through time and space to all of us?
Is Bob...

Has Bob always been there?
Is this like ancient aliens?
Right.
Yeah.
That's exactly what's been...
I mean...
If you look in Book of the Subgenius, there actually have always been Bobs.
You can find Bob images going back to the ancient Egyptians.
And, you know, cave paintings.
There...
There's pipes everywhere.
You know, all you have to do is put a pipe on something and it suddenly becomes a subgenius image.
That's awesome.
And...
And...
And...
Bob had been planting...
Freaking awesome.
Bob and the previous incarnations of Bob had been planting these hints forever.
And as the media overload built up in the 20th century, people started growing up seeing that grinning face and identifying it with something.
And, of course, after we started spreading it around, starting in the 80s, you know, people started spray painting stencils of it.
Yeah.
Yeah.









And...
And...





And little...
I run into people...
Middle-aged people all the time that saw it when they were, like, in elementary school because somebody had stuck that face under their desk or inside the pencil sharpener or 30 feet up the side of the school building.
I've heard of all of those examples.
And these kids just sit and stare at that face and wonder about it.
And then the day comes when they see...
a little ad that says, send a dollar if you want to know about Bob.
Of course, nobody ever sends a dollar.
That's the part they figure is a joke.
When we started selling stuff for $10,
and they sell a little tiny metal pin at Bob's face for $10.
Well, we can sell a lot more of those than the ones that sell for only $1.
Go figure.
I really should double off.
I should add a zero to every product.
My son keeps telling me.
Dad, you've got to add a zero to everything.
So what you're kind of saying is it's possible that Bob could have been there
from the beginning manipulating our DNA,
and again, the way ancient aliens were,
to possibly engineer a genetic breed of Bobites or Bobbies, if you will.
Actually, it started so far back in antiquity.
It would blow your mind.
But this is all in Book of the Subgenius.
About 80 million years ago, the men from Planet X landed on the Earth,
accidentally wiped out the dinosaurs,
and created this servant race called the Yeti that were perfect bipedal beings.
They survived as what we call Bigfoot or the abominable snowman.
But of course, they're way more advanced than people.
The Yetis created the humans.
Later on, as a kind of lab rats.
And then were sloppy.
And they let them get loose.
And they even had sex with them.
And so now, in the modern time, you see the Yeti gene has been diluted terribly.
And the humans are just making a terrible mess of the whole planet.
In fact, they already destroyed the Earth once and switched places with Mars.
So they could start up.
What we're on now, actually, is a pristine planet
that used to be called the Yeti.
It was called Mars.
And Mars used to look kind of like what we call the Earth.
But look what we did to it.
Now it's barren, airless.
Nothing grows there.
Is it possible that offshoots of a certain species occurred over hundreds of thousands of years?
The ancient alien theory answers that exact question.
And the answer is Bob.
Bob.
Bob!
What about Nibiru?
Huh?
What about Nibiru?
Planet Nibiru.
Oh, that's superstitious nonsense.
Oh, okay.
That's a different kind of nonsense.
The real planet actually is light.
There you have it, folks.
That's crackpot stuff.
Are you kidding?
Those people are nuts.
Who could believe that kind of nonsense?
Yes.
This is a scientific cult.
Indeed.
Well, you having said that and pointing out that the Earth is a planet,






which all of your science sounds very sound.
I really, you know, I can't disagree with it.
What is your opinion on the coming singularity?
Well, the problem is that it's actually a race between the singularity and the ideogularity.
Can the machines become smart before the humans become so much dumber that they blow everything?
That's the race.
I have friends who honestly believe that there's this, that the artificial intelligence will
become so great that it'll solve all our problems.
Well, Genesis is Skylab, to quote the fifth Terminator movie.
And I don't trust the cloud or Skylab or any of that stuff.
I also don't trust people to get any smarter.
I remember when the Internet was something you had to be pretty smart to even know what
it was.
And now look at it.
It's just making people dumber and dumber and dumber.
Because no matter what stupid thing you want to believe, you can now find easily find 10,000
other people that have proof for the stupid thing you want to believe.
Let's not even go the political direction, because that's where it has become.
Yeah.
It's infinitely obvious that the Internet is destroying people's brains.
I mean, it is rotting people's minds.
I knew it was going to become like TV.
And it did.
And it'll be worse.
I tell you.
Mark my words.
Nobody believes the old prophet of doom until it all comes down.
I won't be here, though.
I'll be with Bob on the saucers when that happens.
Does the Church of the Subgenius have a stance on the concept of flat Earth?
Yes.
That's pretty dumb.
It's much more complicated than that.
Not only is the Earth spherical, but it's hollow.
And there are a number of...
It's like one of those Russian nesting dolls.
It's planet inside planet inside planet.
We're only taking their word for it that this is the top floor.
You know, we see a sky, but I've never been to the moon.
I could all be fake, I suppose.
I've had friends who insisted that we never went to the moon.
And then a month later, they were telling me that the U.S. government had slave camps there.
They'd go from, we never landed there at all, to they're covering up slave camps.
Or that there's a city on the backside of it, and NASA's altered the photos.
And...
Oh, yeah.
What's the other one? The Black Knight satellite?
You don't even need the moon.
You just go down the...
The Nazis had an entrance to the hollow Earth at the North Pole.
And they were trying to make deals with the underground demon people that lived down there.
It backfired.
Sounds like it.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, we're more into the hollow Earth than the flat Earth.
I mean, it's real easy to prove it's flat, but it's harder to prove that it's not hollow.
Well, in subsections, it is.
Very true. Very true indeed.
Sure it is.
I mean, Carlsbad Cavern just keeps going.
I think...
There's caves that they don't know how far they go.
Wasn't there an Oracle Lobo that said something about how they've discovered the Earth?
That there's more water inside the Earth than on the surface at this point?
Yes.
Yeah, that's common knowledge.
Maybe.
And when that stuff comes squirting out, then suddenly we've got Waterworld, right?
Stephen Baxter wrote two really good novels about that happening.
I don't think it's proved that there's more water underneath the surface.
Exactly.
Not in terms of one big ocean.
There might very well be more water down there.
But it's not like in an ocean that's going to come squirting out.
No.
I don't think.
No, it's trapped in aquifers.
There is.
We're going to need it for the super volcano at Yellowstone.
Yeah, that caldera is really going to screw us over, isn't it?
Right.
We're going to need the super volcano to...
Well, no, we don't need the super volcano.
We're going to need the water from the hollow Earth to put out the volcano.
Yes.
They're just going to have a really big hose to get it over there.
See, we're scientific about our stuff.
We are.
It's awesome.
Okay.
God, so many questions to ask you.
So many places to go.
For anybody who's new to the Church of the Subgenius, who hasn't heard this yet, can
you give us the brief dime store tour of how we're going to be saved by Bob Dobbs?
The whole...
Which, by the way, I need to ask you before we do this.
Now that you've moved from your dwellings in Ohio down to Texas, what is the future of
X Day in Ohio?
Are they still going to be holding it there?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's too hot in July in Texas.
It's hot enough in Ohio.
Yeah.
Actually, it's funny.
My wife co-directs another festival called...
It's called Starwood that's for more spiritual type weirdos.
And it's also a music, like a world music festival.
And it's the week after X Day at the same place.
And we'll both keep going back to Ohio to do that forever, until the world ends, I should
say, which should be this summer.
But...
This summer.
This summer.
We have been let down 20 times.


20 times so far.
What is the reason for that?
Because every July 5th you celebrate X Day, which is when the aliens are supposed to come
and rescue the members of the church subgenius where Bob Dobbs...
Correct me if I'm wrong, of course.
I don't mean to get the religion wrong.
Where Bob Dobbs...
No, no.
You got it wrong.
Has brokered a deal with Jehovah One to give everybody their own private planet that's
the way that they want it to be.
But that's supposed to be on July 5th, correct?
July 5th, 1998.
Okay.
So, is our calendar wrong?
We're a little far beyond that.
We don't know what year this really is.
We don't even know for sure what planet this is.
Again, we're just taking their word for all of this.
Bob said that the world would end July 5th, 1998 at 7 in the morning, for everyone but
the aliens.
All they have to do is paying subgeniuses.
Everybody else undergo terrible tribulations, partly at the hands of the now equipped subgeniuses
with their death planets and stuff.
But obviously, I mean, Bob sold it.
We smoked it.
That settles it.
1998 hasn't come yet.
This could be 1818 for all we know.
And we've got a long time to...
If somebody noticed that it looked like the numbers had been turned upside down from the
original note and that Bob had originally scrolled down July 5th, 8661.
If you flip those numbers over, it says 1998.
That's just silly.
Nobody's going to wait 6,000 years for Bob, I don't think.
I hope not.
Some people wait 2,000 for their saviors.
But hey, go ahead.
Yeah, actually, you're right.
I mean, there's quite a few other cults that still...
Nobody's waited for the end of the world as many times as us.
The Jehovah's Witnesses have given all their worldly goods away about 10 times, but we've
done it 20 times.
Amen to that.
Well, as far as cults go and religious organizations such as yours, you guys probably have the
best bang for buck on a relative short time scale.
Because every religion out there, it's like 2,000 years, 1,000 years.
It's repeating all of the...
When's it going to repeat?
Well, it goes through cycles and we're in this cycle now.
Whereas you guys are like, no, this is a relatively short timeframe.
There's really not that much waiting involved.
It's a sign up and...
The world ends on July 5th, assuming this year might be 1998.
Well, I'll be out there.
That's the only time I have to get up at seven in the morning is X day, July 5th.
I've got a pretty good job.
Well, some people don't want to play the long game for salvation.
Some people...
This is the modern age.
Again, this is why this is one of the perfect religions for millennials because it's very
much...
It's an instant gratification, no wait kind of thing.
Whereas with most religions, as I stated, you have to wait quite some time to get your
comeuppance.
And you guys do have...
We have a money back guarantee.
We encourage...
I mean, slack comes first for every subgenius.
And that means if you like to eat, go ahead and eat all you want.
You might need to, of course, vomit later or something.
But it's like the way to escape temptation is to completely give into it.
And then it loses its power over you.
That sounds good, doesn't it?
Yeah, it's a Bob-ism.
Sounds a Bob, right?
So people should go ahead and max out their credit card sending money to us so that they'll
really be guaranteed a really good seat on the escape vessels of the sex goddesses.
They are sex goddesses.
They may appear as gods to some people, but that's what they want.
Well, if some people are into that kind of stuff, they're not going to be able to get
into the sex goddess thing.




And that's the kind of thing that's to each their own.
Well, it's funny that they're called the men from Planet X because they're actually
all female.
They don't need males around.
They haven't needed males for millions of years, from what I've heard.
Must be handsome females then.
They're so much smarter than humans.
That doesn't take much.
And parthenogenesis.
The men from Planet X have parthenogenesis, so technically they're really women from
Planet X.



let's talk about the kickstarter campaign uh the documentary that's being made about you guys
that has made over two hundred thousand dollars and i think it met its goals pretty quickly
that's just figures somebody else can make 200 grand off a church's subgenius
you sound bitter no no actually i'm so happy that they're doing this um we made a feature-length
documentary about the church in the 80s late 80s called arise and it's really good you can see it
for free on the internet or buy a dvd from us but um i i've always wanted to put together a
sort of a capsule history and video i've been shooting video and and recording stuff all this
time i have a massive massive amount of oh
mostly badly filmed vhs tapes we also have some professionally done stuff too
and um these folks in austin were smart enough to go you know there's a story here
and we're film producers and since we also run south by southwest there's a good chance our film
will get seen and finished and um god they it's like they spent a ton of money
on it
shooting over the last year with professional crew.
They flew out to San Francisco to film the radio puzzling evidence show,
people out there, and they shot it X day.
They were at my Cleveland house, which I need to sell, by the way,
and my Texas house where I'm going to stay mostly.
And I'm not telling them how to make their movie about Church of the Subgenius
because I don't know where to start.
And they're having trouble hammering it down and focusing it.
There's so much after 35 years or 40 years of this stuff.
So they're focusing on the early days.
And I've already lost a couple of friends because they weren't being focused
on.
Because they weren't part of the old guard.
But, you know, like I say, I can't tell them how to make their movie.
I'm just trying to help them make it as best they can.
And in fact, I've spent the last three weeks going through all of our
photographs, just still photos from the from the 80s before there was,
you know, we didn't have video cameras the first few years.
And so.
So I've been collecting all these stills and I've actually kind of relived my
entire life and photographs over the last three weeks.
And I feel like I'm about to go nuts.
But nuts with happiness because it's been so it's nuts with happiness.
It really is.
It's a really interesting story.
If they can encapsulate this stuff right, it should be really, really good.
I'm going to be going down.
I'm going to be going down there to to do some last minute interviews.
They want to interview Dr.
Drummond and me to kind of tie together stuff.
And maybe I'll get some clue as to what their focus will be.
You know, I might not even like this thing, but I have edited and written
four feature length documentaries myself.
And I know how hard it is to make even a bad movie.
So, you know, I just and they're hiring really good people.
I mean, this isn't like an amateur thing.
Two hundred grand.
That's a lot of money for a documentary.
And documentaries don't make money.
There's no way that they're going to actually, you know, make big bucks off of a documentary
that just almost never.
Is there a chance of this thing popping up on Netflix or anything like that?
Because Netflix is pretty documentary friendly.
Oh, absolutely.
Absolutely.
That's.
That's what's so good about it is that I'm sure, you know, I'm pretty sure they're going to finish it.
And I'm and if they do, these folks are so connected.
Oh, they know they know how to get things out there.
This is the this is the people who started South by Southwest.
The giant music film and computer festival in Austin.
It's unthinkably huge.
It's like those like the San Diego Comics Con or Dragon Con, only it's different kind of.
Stuff.
It blew my mind.
The tickets for it cost like sixteen hundred bucks.
And we got to go for free last year because they were our buddies and they wanted to film us there.
Holy crap.
Yeah, we were at we were at a party full of rich country Western stars and movie directors.
And who was the camera crew following around me and Philo and Paul Mavridis?
It's like people are sidling up to us.
You're like, why?
Who are you guys?
And why is that crew following you?
And we go, ignore him.
We don't know who they are.
They're just going to go away.
And then they go, come on.
Now, seriously, why?
And the film crew actually got to show me and Philo whipping out pamphlets.
And they said, well, you know, I'm not going to do that.







And I said, well, you know, I'm not going to do that.


And turning on these complete newcomers who just were curious about why we were being filmed.
And by the end of it, they were in the movie.
I hope.
I was told that that little scene was really funny.
Do you think this will bring more people to the Church of the Subgenius?
And if it does, are you ready for that?
Are you ready for a big resurgence?
Oh, I'd love it.
I'd love it.
I'd be man, I'd be hand assembling membership packs day in and day out.
I was going to say.
I do all that stuff myself.
And the actual mail order thing, that aspect of it, it's pretty much just just me.
I mean, I'm not the only person who writes and illustrates this stuff by a long shot.
It's but I'm the I'm the one who actually fills the orders and gets the stuff printed and all that.
I've gotten so fast at it.
I'm starting to feel like the ant farm.
Guy or the sea monkeys.
God, no.
We're in both cases.
Those were these goofy little businesses that were advertised in comic books and stuff.
But sooner or later, everybody had an ant farm and sea monkeys.
Every kid.
Lobos got one now.
I still have.
And it's it's a guy working at his house.
Selling this thing.
And they're they've done really, really well.
Obviously, I'm not nearly as good a business person as the ladies who are doing this movie.
And it is mostly ladies, which is kind of interesting.
The church is tended to be a bit of a sausage fest.
And that it has.
I mean, we're a little we've got much more diversity than Glar or or even Devo.
Yeah.
Probably.
But it's not all geeky guys.
And these these ladies really want to they want to draw more gals into it.
Yeah.
Enough of the women running around.
Well, whatever.
They were whatever they were.
They were kind of wanting to turn it in, turn, put the focus on Connie, Bob's wife.
But I think I think they realized that.
Although Connie's important, really, the focus has always been Bob.
But his face, you know, that face, that's really all you need.
You were asking, how do you start a cult?
Find the right face.
Find the perfect head and people will tattoo that damn thing all over themselves.
They'll become more billboards for your your cult.
It's just nuts.
I wouldn't do that.
I don't even wear Bob shirts when I'm driving around.
I know what it's like to be the Bob guy.
And in Dallas, I was the Bob guy.
I managed to avoid that in Cleveland.
Now I live in a small town in rural Texas.
There are worse things to be known as.
Well, I'm hoping to just be known as Mr.
Smith's son that came back to town.
And he has some kind of thing, publishes funny books or something.
Well, if people would like to become involved in the church of the subgenius and if they'd
like to become members, tell anybody where they can go, how much it costs and do mention
your money back guarantee.
I feel that's very important for anybody looking for some form of salvation in this day and
age.
Which, by the way, Bob doesn't discriminate, by the way.
From what I understand, you can be multiple religions because you can never have too many
saviors.
Correct?
Right.
Sure.
Sure.
Bob is not a jealous God.
He's not really God either.
He's just the luckiest tool of God.
He's a tool of something.
I don't want to drag God into this.
Is he a tool of something?
Yeah.
He's God's biggest tool, we might say.
God's got a great big one, too.
And he's a man.
That's why I've heard that all my life.
God's a man.
Now, frankly, I think that's a little anthropomorphic.
Yeah.
I would agree.
But anyway, we're getting into some heavy territory there.
What's more important is the fact that you can be a man.


You can find out more about Church of the Subgenius from subgenius.com.
And all that takes is to be able to spell subgenius right.
It doesn't have an O in it.
But .com.
And there's all kinds of free stuff.
You can hear the radio show for free, watch the videos for free, but you can't get our books for free.
And you can't become a minister and really unlock the real secrets.
There's a lot going on on Facebook.
If you Google subgenius, oh, you'll be looking into subgenius forums galore.
And most of them will be pretty stupid because most of those are just guinea bobs, people who never even read Book of the Subgenius.
They just thought Bob was cool because they were told that or something.
I don't know.
But really, the way to do it is to go to the subgenius.com.
Get that membership kit.
Because then you're an ordained minister, for one thing.
You can then perform marriages or funerals or whatever.
And best of all, it's only $35.
But what you get is eternal salvation or triple your money back.
If you don't get salvation for a full eternity, we'll happily refund not just your $35.
We'll give you $110.
Wow.
That's very good.
That's not right.
No, that's not right.
It's $115.
Wait a minute.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, whatever.
And we'll also sell you the book.
No, it is $105.
What the heck is going on?
My brain hurts.
Yeah, we have a big – well, if you go to hell as a result of joining the church, we have a book called Hell on $5 a Day.
It's only $5.
You only have $5.
What would you learn out of the book of hell for $5 a day?
What kind of stuff does that teach you?
I hope I never have to know.
That's the Christian hell we're talking about.
There's a subgenius.
Well, what is – okay, wait a minute.
That's a good point.
What is – we already know what the subgenius heaven is.
So what is the subgenius hell?
Actually, you don't know what the subgenius heaven is.
What you're thinking of as the subgenius heaven is just the subgenius hell, which is so pleasurable.
You have to go through that.
You have to go through that to be prepared for the indescribable, unimaginable pleasures of subgenius heaven.
We just have to take Bob's word for that.
I think we're hanging an awful lot of trust on Bob.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Bob is not the answer, but neither is anything else.
And really, you're on your own.

The main thing that Bob is teaching people is you've got to become a self-learner.
You've got to learn how to teach yourself.
He can't – you're not buying slack from Bob.
You're buying the knowledge that you already have slack.
You just have to figure out which of it is your kind of slack.
The conspiracy is always trying to tell people, oh, if you drink this drink, you're going to get a lot of money.

If you drink this drink or buy these clothes or whatever, get this raise, then you'll have slack.
If you watch this show, then you'll have slack.
Well, no.
Everybody has their own idea of slack.
Some people are bird watchers.
Some people play Monster Hunter.
Some people are stamp collectors.
Then they have to have some – oh, don't even get me started.
The new one came out.
Monster Hunter World.
Monster Hunter World.
Yeah, I've got 80 hours in already.
It only came out on January 26th.
Try harder.
Well, the sad thing is I've read reviews by people who basically aced the whole game in 60 hours.
Wow.
But I'm old, and I stop and smell the dinosaur dung a lot.
Oh, good.
I also pause it.
I have to leave it on pause.
Apparently, time passes in the game even when it's on pause.
It's all online.
Oh, that's not cool.
Well, it's okay with me.
It looks so great.
They've really improved it.
It's really wonderful.
I bought a PS4 just for that game.
Wow.
That's dedication right there.
Capcom's got me wrapped around their little claw.
I play other games, but not much.
It's like I can't drive around Grand Theft Auto Land forever.
Those monsters aren't going to kill themselves.
It's very true.
That is very true.
Luckily, now I have grandkids that'll play it with me.
That's awesome.
I've never been able to find another adult subgenius to play Monster Hunter with, but
Phyla's daughter and my grandkids play it with me.
Huh.
That's unfortunate.
They're terrible at it.
Well, that's bonding, though.
That's a good thing.
It's bonding with your grandkids.
Yeah, I'm the cool grandpa that plays video games.
Get off my lawn unless you're going to play.
Well, Stan, we're going to let you go.
I appreciate you being on here.
It's been a lot of fun talking to you.
Again, if you want to tell people where they can find you and get involved with the Church
of the Subgenius if they want, I know they can find your podcast just by going to pretty
much any podcast aggregator and doing a search for the Subgenius Hour of Slack.
I am a faithful listener.
I've been for many, many years now.
But anything else you want to put out there, go right ahead.
Well, for me, I'm a fan of the podcast.


I lost the Internet.
I don't Chin Trelink.
It's okay.
You see about five times my age, I've suburban life.
My wife, my husband, one of the things just has been taken away from one of the former

Well, it's a bit interesting, the fact that we're good at communication on both times,

No matter what face I look at one of the times, if it's the first time you ever the universe
sees me 받 it, you get the idea.


Another typical image of us is one guy who has some second language linking himself with
the university.

Hi.
So the day you realize that this is not actually what we were talking about, I'll
G-L-E-N-R-O-S-E
Texas
76043
76043
and I tried to get box
808 because
808 looks like
B-O-B but no dice.
That's unfortunate.
Maybe next time.
We're now relocated
in a really colorful
little Texas town
that is known, has had a
long history of new age
cultish
miracle cures.
They used to have foul smelling
sulfurous water squirting out of the ground
and they sold that to the
rubes as magic
tonic water. How far are you from Aurora?
Are you by Aurora at all? Are you close to Aurora?
Have you
been to the alien grave site by chance?
Pretty far.
It's not much.
No. No, I don't need to.
I have fossil
alien skeletons here.
We're going to open
in this town,
Glen Rose, there already is
a creationist museum
called Creation
Evidence Museum. It's
funnier than Church of
the Subgenius and it doesn't mean
but I've decided
that we're, now that
I basically moved on
to what used to be
my parents' goat ranch,
I've got
access to the same fossils and stuff
as everybody else around this area.
This is a famous fossil and
dinosaur track area.
And we really do have dinosaur
tracks in our creek
down the hill that I own.
In fact, you can see us
casting them on YouTube.
But the important thing is,
I'm going to have a,
we're going to go into competition
with the Creationist Museum because I'm creating
the destruction evidence.
And I'm going to have a


I can't wait.
Prehistory.
I have, and I've got
photographs to prove this.
We've already got a display that has
cave subgenius man
and a cave subgenius woman.
We call them Adam and Eve.
Although I think it might actually be
Adam and Steve.
Oh dear.
We have a fossil devil.
We have a devil from the
lower Cretaceous period.
The skeleton of a devil that, you know,
that's a very long story.
And we have a fossil alien from the time of dinosaurs.
Just a gray, a primitive gray.
And he's got crystals for eyeballs.
That's how we know he's an alien.
And, and we have a fossil robot.
A fossil robot?
A fossil robot from the lower Cretaceous,
probably built by the aliens.
Noah's Ark sank here.
I've got the ruin of it to prove it.
And besides that,


besides the regular dinosaur tracks,
we have ghost dinosaur tracks.
Oh.
So this is just the beginning, you know?
So we're going to have signs all along the highway
coming to the ranch to say things like,
Bigfoot mated with dinosaurs,
Bible proof, $5.
Next left.
You'll sell out.
Oh yeah, yeah.
We're going to, yeah.
Man eating chicken, only five bucks.
Yeah.
Seashell City, Rock City.
Rock City is the big one.
Rock City is like, that's,
that's that you see advertisements for that thing on freeways
two states away before you ever get to Rock City in Kentucky.
And yes.
You ever been there?
Rock City and Chattanooga?
That's, that's a great.
Oh yeah.
I've been to, I've been to a lot of roadside.
My favorite, one of my favorite ones is The Thing on Interstate 10.
Right at the border of Arizona and New Mexico.
Do you dare see The Thing?
Well, if you are ever seeing those signs on that highway,
go ahead and dare.
It's only a dollar and there's about a hundred things.
Actually more like a thousand things.
It's a great little museum of completely goofy stuff.
The Thing itself, I'll go ahead and spoil it.
It's a mummy.
Ooh.
An Indian woman, which, oh, I love the Indian woman.
And a baby.
And they may be completely crazy.
Very possibly.
They may be.
The main thing.
Yeah.
But yeah, roadside attractions.
That's one of the, in fact, one of the things that inspired
the Church of the Subgenius was driving around this little town
when I was much younger, I'd see these handmade signs
that said, giant man tracks, 50 cents.
And the story was that the Adamic people of the Bible,
6,000 years ago, of course they lived with the dinosaurs.
And so you'd find these human looking tracks
near the dinosaur tracks.
There really are lots of dinosaur tracks
on the Paluxy River, a lot of them.
And there are things that look kind of like human tracks.
And I've been a science geek since I was a little boy.
So I knew what was going on, but I always thought,
wow, I could do that.
Wow. I could do that.
And I'd set up a sign and say, yeah,
that hole in the ground, that's a mystery hole.
Where'd it come from?
We don't know. It's a mystery.
Five bucks.
You know, here's a decal.
Here's a decal that says,
I saw the mystery hole in Glen Rose, Texas.
I actually have a friend who started doing that in Portland.
There's a mystery hole in Portland.
It's just a deep hole in the guy's backyard,
but it's really dressed up.
And he sells you a little bottle of nothing that's labeled,
you know, a little bottle of nothing.
I got hold of it.
So it was here in this piece when some of my friends

because regardless of what you can say,
you really need to know where your eyes started going.
So that's, now this person we're dealing with,
he has a very special gift.
Which is called Hi-Lite,
which is the system that gum psychology,

And in thisан Buffalo park,
there's somebody that really likes to do research,
but there's somebody that kind of city.
Who's found good victimsvatnfmf The Tewkesbury construction dealer.
here, magnetic healers who would pass magnets over your arthritic parts and make it feel
better.
And then when women had hysteria, they would apply their special vibrating magnets to their
bodies to make them feel good in ways their husbands didn't know how to do.
Some of those healers...
And hence the term Steely Dan was born.
Yeah, exactly.
Some of these rubbing doctors and healers were killed by angry husbands.
But it's a very colorful place.
It's a really good place for Church of the Subgenius to have its final headquarters.
Are you going to open up a Church of the Subgenius museum at some point?
Well, we have had one all this time, but it's kind of private.
There is a Bible museum.
Right now, it's actually still in Cleveland because we had glass.
There are cases there, and we don't have those in this house.
And we've got to figure out how to house the Bob museum.
It's got stuff like his original pipes, one of his teeth from childhood, gum that he chewed.
You don't have any of the props from your stage productions or any of the props left
over from the commercial that you did on MTV or any of that other stuff?
Oh, sure we do.
Sure we do.
And some of those were rewards on that Kickstarter thing.
But yeah, I do have...
We still have the masks and things that were made for that.
That's the stuff you need to put on display.
You'd have to see this house to believe it.
You'd literally have to see it.
It's not just mine.
A lot of subgenius houses are like this.
If you have an understanding family, you get to keep all your weird toys.
And yeah, man, this place is...
It's full of heads.
Subgenius heads.
I'm going to tell you something that you may find hard to believe.
I'm sitting at my desk, okay, in this house in Texas.
It used to be my little brother's bedroom.
This foul cabinet, desk, big computer screen, a couple of computers.
But on the wall that I'm looking at, right behind my screen, is a bear skin.
A bear skin rug stuck up on the wall with the head.
There's a giant...
A bear head that looks like it's about to bite a picture of Bob or my computer screen.
It was a bear shot by my brother.
And the rest of this Texas house has other animal heads of creatures that mostly my dad shot.
Deer and sheep.
There's even a goat that used to be a household pet.
Household goat.
That's not that uncommon down south.
And...
And, of course, the mask.
The Bob masks and things are all up on the mantelpiece.
The casts of our dinosaur tracks are here.
And the coolest fossil collection, if you're into marine fossils.
Here we go.
It's not the most boring kind of fossil there is unless you're into it.
But, you know, when life throws marine fossils at you, become a marine fossil expert.
And, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a pretty unusual house.
And the filmmakers covered...
They filmed the Cleveland house before we moved here.
We've combined the two now.
So it's kind of Twilight Zone.
It's kind of Adam's family.
A little bit monster.
You need to build a pole barn and put all that stuff on display in a pole barn there.
And actually have a real museum of Bob, in my opinion.
You know, in my humble opinion.
Well, we had a barn, but high winds tore the roof off of it.
This really is a goat ranch.
It's a huge goat ranch.
With a mile of creek running through it.
And the creek really does have dinosaur tracks.
And it's loaded with marine fossils.
It's kind of a nutty place to live.
But it's great if you were always in it.
I was a dinosaur nut when I was a kid.
Yeah.
When my parents moved here, I couldn't believe they were so cool.
That happened after I left home.
So I never lived here.
My dad died a couple of years ago.
And that's how we basically ended up here.
I would not have imagined that my wife and I could stand rural Texas.
You read about Texas politics.
But once your feet are on the ground, it's a nice little sleepy town.
Friendly as hell.
Well, I'm sure they all voted for somebody I'd never vote for.
But they don't care to brag about it.
That's good.
They shouldn't.
Well, Reverend Stang, we're going to let you go.
Thank you for coming on here and talking with us again.
As always, it's been a lot of fun having you back on here.
I really am kind of geeking out because I do listen to your show all the time.
And it's always a pleasure.
Just to, you know,
when somebody brings you up, I'll be like, oh, yeah, we've had him on our show.
And they'll be like, you've talked to Reverend Stang?
I'm like, yeah, he's a nice guy.
You know, he's really open.
He's out there.
He's really cool.
He's fun to talk to.
You know?
Yeah, as long as we're not real famous, people assume that I'm really, like,
reclusive and impossible to get hold of.
My phone number's on our website.
There's no secretary.
Yeah.
It rings in my pocket.
But I do.
Yeah, you're pretty much, you're accessible.
Well, I don't pick it up.
And I don't return all the calls.
It makes noise, but I ignore it.
There's this thing called voicemail.
Someday I'll check it.
Yeah, if somebody leaves a nice enough message, I'll certainly return the call.
Well, thanks for coming on here.
It's been a real pleasure talking to you again.
Well, thank you very much for letting me get on and brag again.
No problem at all, man.
I feel like I should be asking you guys how you're doing.
And what was your last show and stuff like that?
Oh, we're good.
You know, we've been around for, what was it, eight years now?
Is that what we said last week?
Seven years.
Yeah.
Lately, we've been going through some crazy internet hiccups and stuff like that.
Actually, this show is the first quote-unquote normal show we've had in weeks that so far
has gone off without any kind of a glitch.
I mean, I know there's a delay between us talking to you because we're going from Skype
to phone and back, so there's a slight delay there.
But aside from that, you know,
praise Bob that this turned out good.
Yeah, I'm not hearing much of a delay, but can you guys tell that I've got hearing aids now?
What?
I'm sure that the last time we did this, I was struggling to understand speech.
Since then, I got real expensive hearing aids.
God, life is so much better now.
You can hear again.
That's good news.
Yeah.
Everything sounds kind of weird.
And music has a kind of an electronic-y edge to it.
It's a little tinny.
Crackling leaves are way too loud, but I can understand human speech.
I'm sorry to hear that.
That's good.
Sorry to hear that.
Well, listen, you guys have only been in headphones for seven years doing your show.
Wait until you've been doing it for 35 years.
You won't be able to understand anything.
I'm getting there myself.
Yeah.
And then...
The hearing aids that work aren't cheap.
No, they're not.
My old man has hearing aids.
A lot of people in my family have hearing aids.
Yeah.
Well, I'm just glad that they exist.
Yeah, absolutely.
Thanks for having me on.
Oh, no problem, Stan.
No problem at all, man.
I hope the documentary goes over well for you, and I hope there's a renewed interest in the Church of the Subgenius.
And always, it's a pleasure talking to you.
Thank you so much for coming out here and being with us.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And praise Lobo.
Thank you.
Thank you.

