Help me, somebody.
Now how much would you pay?
Not that Beethoven is through, not at all.
It's just that there's a new electricity and excitement in our young composer.
Any sound, any music, and anything goes.
THE END
We all follow where the artists lead us.
They are our Galileos, our Louises, our Edisons.
We all follow where the artists lead us.
We all follow where the artists lead us.
Every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
And now, the Soap Genius Hour of Slack.
The Soap Genius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station...
Oh, oh, KNOF!
...only in the city of...
Dallas, Texas.
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show,
the listener is advised to remain calm and only contact listed or unlisted officials
in the event of any material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled during broadcast.
Small animals or other children becoming exposed to the ultra-high or ultra-low shocks and brain frequencies
constantly scanned throughout our program should seek shelter in an approved safety unit only.
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you that it's often a photon that light releases,
but truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Hoping your time is all time,
and all your unpermissible truths are happy truths.
Here is your host...
Oh, yes, dear friends, this is Reverend Ivan Stang,
and tonight we have with us a respected,
an oh-so-respected expert
on the secret doctrines of sex hurt.
But more than that, dear friends,
a woman, an uber-woman who has been actually as great a thorn in the conspiracy's side
here in Dallas as any, any of us tool-using primates.
Uh, she's, uh, in many ways the Dr. Ruth, the Mata Hari, the Corazon Aquino,
and the Lizzie Borden of the subgenius women's sewing auxiliary.
Reverend Chastity Belt, uh, so good to have a female warm...
voice on the show.
Well, Reverend, it's so glad, I'm so glad to be here,
and you're right, I am sort of like the Lizzie Borden,
because I'm a real cut-up.
Oh, now, friends, me and, me and Reverend Chastity here,
we, we don't have to be here.
We could be out getting some wick-splitting done, you know.
We don't have to be doing this show.
We could blow you listeners off,
drive over to a cheap motel on Harry Hines,
and get right down to the business of the show, and, uh,
the business of taking the job, don't you see,
of illustrating to ourselves just what it means to be a subgenius.
Ah, yes, we could do this, because in Bob's church, friends,
all men and all women are, are, are married to each other.
Um, even the men are married to the men and the women to the women,
believe it or not, although, uh, I personally don't, uh,
partake in this particular form of consummation.
Nay.
Nay.
Nay.
But you must learn somehow to give yourself to the feeling, dear friends.
Because it's our, our duty to Bob and Connie that we may indulge
in the knowledge of the flesh until we achieve memories
of our own previous reincarnalities.
Ah, yes.
Give yourself to the feeling.
Give yourself to the feelings, boys and girls, and things.
Give yourself to the feelings.
Well, Reverend Chastity, what was the last, uh, evil thing
that, that you've been known for here in Dallas?
I understand it had something to do with a talking toilet,
trying to, trying to achieve some sort of freedom of toilets in Plano.
Yes, I, I, I have to say, I'm at a point now where I say,
let my people tinkle, and I know you can relate,
because we all eat, we all sleep, we all reproduce,
and some of us all meet the call.
Well, in the little boys' or little girls' room.
Except in, in the Plano, uh, oh well.
Transit Center, I tell you, dear.
People meet the call of nature wherever nature calls, you know.
Now, Bob said there's nothing wrong with that.
Well, I have no problem with that.
I'm just kind of distressed at seeing little old ladies
tinkling on perfectly good city buses.
Well, out of respect for Bob, um, and Connie,
instead of jumping into the sack of,
of mutual respect and, and, uh, lower things,
we're gonna jump onto a new subject matter, friends,
one which we have not oft broached on the Hour of Slack,
and rip away the veils of clothing which obscure this subject,
the subject of Connie Dobbs,
wife of Bob, she whom men have called the Blessed Anti-Virgin.
The secrets of Connie are like a closed lotus,
but if we stroke this lotus with just the right combination,
of gentleness and urgency, dear friends,
it will open its blossoms to reveal a treasure.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
So, uh, but, but, is Playgirl enough, Reverend Chastity?
No. No.
Is, is there, I mean, what about porno, pornography for women?
I feel that not enough has been done about this,
and I am distressed.
You see, Reverend Stang,
we owe it to the future of America
to reproduce as much and as often as possible.
Where will the future war veterans come from?
Where will the war winners come from?
They will come from nowhere if our young women are not enthused
and excited in a way to reproduce.
And I know that you can appreciate this.
I am concerned about this Mace Commission report,
because if we take away the playboys,
we take away the Playgirls,
we take away the inspiration,
they will not be in the drive-ins.
On Saturday night, making them little future Americans.
Little future mutants, dear friends.
Because, now, Reverend Chastity,
as you yourself have often preached,
we don't want them to mess around with the humans.
It's, uh, you know, they need to stick with their subgenius kind.
And like, as seen here on this slideshow.
Oh, my goodness.
Friends, it's a good thing this is the radio,
or we'd be off the air by now, I believe.
Oh, can you do that on the radio?
Can you do that without Vaseline?
Oh, breakdance Bob.
I got a Bob in my pocket, dear friends.
And he's waiting to meet you.
Well, what about, what did they say,
what did Connie have to say to the Mace Commission
when they came to her, uh, accusing her of being a major pornography publisher
with this new women's pornography line?
Uh, I mean, I mean, I understand.
As a matter of fact, let me level with you.
Reverend Chastity, let me, so to speak, shoot straight.
Rumors have circulated for years that the Church of the Subgenius
was merely the unwitting front group for a secret conspiracy of women.
A globe-encompassing coven, so to speak, which uses males,
uses us, both subgenius and pink alike,
as part of a vast breeding experiment by which you fems will hope to, uh, eventually, uh,

produce a messiah, a godlike being of incredible powers,
called the Kwisatz Haderach.
Yes, in fact, the famous Dune series of science fiction
is but a thinly veiled expose of a group which actually exists.
Is this true?
Uh, I, I, I, I, I, I don't know if I can discuss this right now because...
That you females have managed to keep this secret from all of us males
for a hundred thousand years until now?
Don't put this pressure on me.
I can't crack, I can't tell you the truth.
The all of womankind is counting on me.
Uh-huh, pretending to be oppressed all the time
so that you can use that as a guise to cover your actual iron-fisted strangle-hole
over male behavior?
I prefer the term velvet claw.
Yes, yes, the, uh, you cannot deny, though, that ye,
ye female ones possess the one treasure which few men,
subgenius or pink, can live without,
that juicy bait dangled before our eyes.
Ma'am, keeping us...
I thought you were going to say that we had mutual obligations
that you could not obligate.
Well, friends, that's the, that's the main thing.
It's the, it's a mutual obligation, as you can hear these people at Dobstown
here in the background, our home movie of life at Dobstown.
And I understand, uh, Reverend Chastity, that, that you were, uh,
for a long time, you, you were an honorary nun-snake mother superior in Dobstown?
Well, I, I did spend some time out there in my missionary field,
and, uh, I, I, I prefer that hands-on experience of reaching the public.
I'm sure you can appreciate that.
Why, just last summer, I was on a tour of the Fiji Islands,
healing them young Polynesian boys.
I tell you, some of them laying on ceremonies took hours and hours.
You cannot understand how exhausting that was.
Oh, praise Bob.
But I did that in the name of Bob.
Praise Bob, praise Bob, in the name, and right in front of him, too, I tell you.
I bet, I bet he was watching the whole time.
Well, he was, he was there with a video camera.
I'm sure that they will be available at the next church convention.
Now, uh, and you have trained, as I understand,
that when you were at the convent of the avenging Cyclops,
that you trained many of Dobstown's most skilled nun-snakes in the, in the, uh, arts of love?
Well, you could say I've riffed with the best of them.
Now, now, not to be confused with the hookers for Bob.
Oh, no, no.
Yeah, that was a, that was more of a, a, a grassroots movement that Bob,
as an idea, I think Bob actually got from the Children of God,
which is a Christian cult, which uses sex to get people to join the church.
Now, is it all right, do you think, to, to use sex to get people, humans or, or subgeniuses, whatever, to give money to Bob?
Well, I hate to tell you this, Reverend, but women have been using sex for years
to get just about anything from anyone.
Well, that's a, well, that's a, uh, yeah, and yet you deny that, that you're part of a, a conspiracy, an all-encompassing...
Oh, oh, I wouldn't say it's a conspiracy. No, no.
I, I, I, I, I can't admit to that.
Not when I have so many of my sisters listening in tonight.
And besides, even if you did admit to it, you know, nobody would believe it,
because the Church of the Subgenius, oh, it's just a joke.
Just a joke. And, uh,
Ahem.
But I understand now that as part of your training to be a nun snake,
that you, uh, you actually had physical contact with Bob Dobbs,
experienced the love of Bob in a physical way.
Yes.
Now, is this true?
This is true.
Can, can you describe what Bob was like in bed, in, in polite language for the radio?
Well, uh, uh, uh, uh, well, let's just say it was a deep, meaningful relationship that...
Deep, yeah.
...I, I, I experienced life at, at its fullest.
You could say it was, I was bursting forth with joy.
Oh, sweet mystery of life.
Oh, friends, look at those VU meters jump.
Oh, she's getting excited just thinking about the mighty, the mighty love of Bob.
Just like us male subgeniuses.
Well, I can't, we can't, we can't say that we, we covet Bob's wife.
But Connie, well, now, let's get on to the other thing here.
Now...
I am, I am...
You posed for this issue of Playboy here, the girls of the subgenius church.
Yes, well, as you know, Reverend, I was one of the first, at the first official subgenius church get-together.
As you remember, it was with Reverend Buck and, and you and I and a couple other believers.
And when I heard Reverend Buck break into a chorus of festering on the carcass of life,
I knew I had reached the religion that I was meant to be called to.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And that's true, Reverend Belt, that's your last name, right?
Yes, it is.
Was, was, uh, the, at the absolute, the very first subgenius devival that was ever held anywhere, at least, and open to the public.
Bob, you know, formed the church in the 50s and he had secret, uh, secret parties, much like what you hear in the background here,
Uh, to get the church started.
But yes, those were the days.
Now, um, uh, now I notice in the, in the, in the girls of the subgenius church here with the Playboy interview,
Mm-hmm.
or the Playboy pictures, that, that many of these uber women, these subgenius gals, don't conform to the conspiracy's usual definition of, quote, good looks, unquote.
They look even more, they look like some of these girls here look like they got more yeti blood than Buck naked himself.
For instance, Miss Delaware.
Oh, yeah.
With the sloping brow, the bodily hair, the bowed short legs, and long muscular arms that identify one who is a, a, a direct descendant of the yetis.
But she had a good soul and a, and a wonderful personality.
Why, you should have seen that girl cook.
Oh, yes.
And could she keep house, I tell ya.
Yes, dear friends.
Well, you know, that's the thing.
Just don't taint your genes with, with the genes of a human.
Try to, you, you should go for those yetis.
They're the ones that carry, that carry the seed word of Bob, dear friends.
And they can certainly keep you warm in the winter.
Oh, gosh, I got some of that word all over the floor of the radio station, dear friends.
We're gonna have to move on to a tape here.
I'm gonna make you tell.
Sex.
Sex.
What?
Sex.
Praise Bob.
Sex.
Sex.
What?
Sex.
What?
Sex.
Apologies.
God.
enty of you today are making the wrong thing.
I made the dumb guess.
Now he's going to keep his noses forward 것합니다
of humanity and we've only begun the fight against the control by the real sexual deviance.
The repressed ninnies with insane super egos. They run around denying that it's a squirting
ooze and universe. And they think they're working for God, but hell, sex is a religious
sacrament. They can't take a joke, but don't take that literally now. Sister Chris here.
Television stations are bombarded by jokes from the studios of Hollywood. I don't care.
I don't care what lengths I go to anymore. All is fair and all that. Dr. Harris, you're
a doctor. A doctor. Doesn't that mean anything to you as a surgeon? I'm a doctor, Edith,
but I'm a man also. You're under arrest!
Something sick. Something sordid, vicious, and depraved.
Vagina. Vagina. V-A-G-I-N-A. It's a canal-like passage between the uterus and an opening
between the woman's legs. It is the place where sperm are deposited by the father during
the mating, including the passage towards the baby who passes into the new world which
is born.
It's a canal-like passage between the uterus and the baby who passes into the new world
which is gone.
You can learn the name of the







www.seografima.org, www.seolford.com, 2016.

www.seoford.com, 2016看到

News for Personnel keelyもの by my partner in the United States, Ahoci redesف vertex estás,
Or I may be hunched over by the musty
Watching the kids as they move
The surprise is all bodies in motion
It's what I'm so
Evening
They see wild sex
In the world of clowns
And divide
It's a gas
Wild sex
In the world of clowns
God, man
It's gonna get all bad
Gonna get all bad
Thinking of your warm skin
While I'm in a cold sleep
The day
Has gone by
To the pounding feet
My back is aching so bad
But I'm breathing inside
Thinking of you
Thinking of you
On my feet
Or I may be
Racing the wheels
Of a noise
That's free
Or I may be
Hunched over by the musty
Watching the kids as they move
The surprise is all bodies in motion
The surprise is all bodies in motion
It's what I'm so
Thinking of you

In the world of clowns
Yeah
And divide
It's a gas
Twenty, forty
Here's a hand


class
down in
it
don't
get
home
don't
get
home
back
I worked
so hard
thinking
of
you
worked
so hard
thinking
of
you
worked
so hard
while
six
in the
working
class
I
have
to
find
it
again
while
six
in the
working
class
got
minutes
gonna
get
home
back
down
down
in
it
don't
get
job
I
built
with




don't






I got something for you.
This is the one and only Mojo Bag.
And with this, you don't need no long hair.
Or cool cigarettes.
Or cool guy shades.
Because you could have any woman you want with the Mojo Bag.
And you don't need no knife or gun.
Because ain't nobody can hurt you when you got the Mojo Bag.
But you too can have the one and only Mojo Bag.
Yeah, I'd give it to you for, oh, I guess about $8.
$8.
Oh, shit!
No!
No substitutes.
But one word of caution.
One word of caution.
Don't you never look inside the Mojo Bag.
Because it got the juju.
And that is hot stuff.
Come on.
Come on.
Jeepers.
Yeah, hit the go.
Hit the go.

Friends, have we got poltergeists in this station again?
It happens every now and then.
This is what the conspiracy gets into.
There we go.
Oh, yeah.
Praise God.
Help me.
One channel only.
Oh, yeah.
We're going to have a parade, dear friends.
Oh, yes, children.
We are all God's children.
We are going to have a real good time.
At the first K-N-O-N Parade and Rally.
Saturday, December the 6th.
At noon, we are going to meet at Pax Park, just north of downtown on Harry Hines.
We are going to parade through downtown, children, on St. Paul Street.
Winding up in front of the Dallas City Hall at City Hall Plaza for a giant K-N-O-N Rally.
If your church organization or choir wants to participate in the parade with a float
or just marching with a parade.
Please call us up down here at K-N-O-N right now.
828-9500.
And dear friends, you see, of course, we're going to have a subgenius float down there.
I know, for instance, this is the first time this has been announced, I think,
but the Batmobile and Batman and Robin will be down there.
You know, they joined the church several years ago.
And when, actually at a time when they were very dissolute and disillusioned, friends,
with the, you know, they'd arrest these criminals and hand them over to the cops
and then some judge would let them out with a year's probation.
It's a conspiracy.
It is, friends.
And we're going to have that giant six-foot Dobbs head down there at that parade and rally
to try to fight for our freedom of communication and communication.
And fornicationalism, which we so enjoy.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
You know, Bob is the avatar of Slack.
I think we got some new listeners last week when we actually explained who Bob was.
But no less crucial, dear friends, in preparing Dobbs for Slack avatarhood
was his first and still primary wife, Connie,
seen in her early film appearance in the 1961 film Planet of the Blind Women.
She had been...
his childhood sweetheart in first grade.
But in 1955, more than 20 years later, they remet and remarried.
Her impact on Bob is inestimable.
Recently, indeed, a church of Connie's panties has sprung up and is gathering momentum
despite its rather juvenile basic premise.
Connie even sang with Bob's jazz combo, Bob Dobbs and the Doobops,
and gave him five sons, Bubba, Bobby Jr., Adam Cadman,
Shem, and Sean.
There's also a daughter, but the family Dobbs keeps her name a secret
in order to limit the number of suitors who would marry into this awesome dynasty.
Now, Connie wields enormous power, dear friends.
There's a whole group of women, witch women, I prefer to call them,
who worship Connie called the Sodality of the White Glove.
Now, I've encountered them.
Some of you may have read about the...
the time the church patriarchy was overthrown by the Women's Sewing Auxiliary
years ago in Chicago, and ever since.
You know, it started out to be a men's club, but now...
Like, for instance, Bob has at least one secondary wife and family in every state of the Union.
Families spread all over the world, and they all fiercely defend Bob as a companion and a provider.
And they insist that he always seems to have plenty...
of time to spend with each of them.
Just a moment with Bob is worth it all.
And this young bride of Bob, Chastity Belt, has sacrificed her own virtues up many times
in order to carry on the mighty business of Connie's church, as well as Bob's.
But we can't just talk about Connie, friends.
We're here to penetrate.
The essence of Chastity Belt.
This southern belt who embodies...
embodies, friends, and boy does she,
the subgenius feminine virtues of
A, enthusiasm,
B, practiced skills,
and a clean bill of health, see.
So, uh, Miss Belt, I'm sure our audience would like to really get inside you
and see what makes you tick or ooze.
Well, I like to think of myself as just your typical country girl,
out there saving the world from itself.
And in the name of Bob, I try to encourage
educational aspects and opportunities for women
in the workplace, in the home, in the bedroom,
um, back in the workplace again.
And we try to spread...
All over the house, friends.
All over the house.
All over the house.
Everywhere but the Safeway.
That reminds...
And that, you know, that reminds me of a lovely background type here.
This is a...
sent in by a...
young member years ago...
a couple of years ago
from the Dobbs Ashram.
Listen to that music.
Friends, can you hear Bob coming?
Bob is coming again and again, friends,
to save your soul.
Oh, God, yeah.
Hey, get Buck out of the record collection back there.
God!
Get down, Buck.
Get up.
Oh, not there, please.
And Buck's in heat again, dear friend.
Oh, look at that.
He can't even say hi, girls, anymore.
But what about the mutant men, Chastity?
What about the, uh...
Oh, the...
Is it the...
Is it...
How shall we say?
The statue del carne...
The estatua del carne?
The...
The meat itself?
Or is it the motion?
And would not a well-endowed epileptic
prove to be the best of both worlds?
Well, I tend to think that it's their...
their...
their...
their...
their total lack of pretense
and their non-knowledge of manners
that make them so educationally entertaining.
I have been educated on many occasions
by mutants
while I was spreading the word of the church,
and it was an uplifting
and inspiring
and very sweaty experience.
I'm sure you can appreciate it.
Oh, yes.
Clap them...
Oh, I've never had to clap.
I've never had to clap.
...palms out there, dear friends.
No, but...
but the subject...
...past the genius virus,
we must continue to spread this...
Yes.
...this deliverance
among the...
the lost out there.
Now, how do you...
Besides spreading the seed of Bob,
as you do,
what about sex hurt,
Bob's discipline of sex hurt?
Is it...
How does this compare with, say,
sex among the Baptists?
Sex is okay to say on the radio, isn't it?
Well, as long as you don't really do it on the radio,
which can be rather painful
if you don't watch
where the knobs are.
I would have to say that...
The mighty knobs.
Never mind.
I won't even say it.
I would have to say that
Baptist sex and sex hurt
are very similar, of course.
Most marriage sex is sex hurt.
You hurt me,
I won't have sex with you.
Wait a minute.
What could be more painful?
Now, that's not...
As I understood it,
that was not...
Bob didn't...
By the discipline of sex hurt,
he didn't mean tying them up, necessarily.
Well, sometimes...
Or chaining them up.


Or chaining them down, necessarily.
No, but...
But more like...
Well, until it hurts, you know?
I believe the term is restrained sex.
Pleasure unrestrained
until something hurts so much
that you can't keep going.
And that's...
Friends, that's when you keep going anyway.
Yes.
And you will see Bob.
You will see Bob.
I've seen Bob on several occasions,
even when Bob wasn't there.
Calling out his name
and...
I bet your husband was wondering,
now, which Bob, huh?
Friends, there's Bobs everywhere,
but there's only one true Bob.
But, you know,
just like they say in the old song...
...
...
...
...

...

...

...
...

...




...








...
...
.

...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
.
.
.
.
.
Right now I'm doing my subgenius new age music.
This is Sister Chris.
Subgenius beach party.
Subgenius new age dance music.
Oh yes.
The lovely Sister Chris with the half hour slack in New Jersey.
On Pinkton Hill Records.
Reading Cat Ladies.
When in the force of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the conspiracy
bonds which have confronted them with another and to assume among the powers of the squirting
universe the separate and unequal station to which the laws of sanity and hedonism entitle
them to live.
A decadent respect for the outrageousness of mankind's desires that they should declare
the forces which impel them to the separation.
We hold these truths to be self-evident that all subgenii are created horny.
That they are endowed by their creator with certain unalien rights.
That among these are slack, sex, and the pursuit of frap.
That to enjoy these rights clenches, unalien clenches are instituted among subgenius.
Deriving their just slack from the effect of the prop.
Frap.
Frap.
That whenever any form of the conspiracy becomes destructive of the slack it is the right of
the subgenii to alter or to demolish it and to institute new slack laying its foundations
on such frivolities and organizing parties in such form as to them shall seem most likely
to affect their sanity and hedonism.
Prudence indeed will demonstrate their sass.
Sacraments long established should not be abused for light and transient causes and
accordingly all experiences hath shown that subgenii are more disposed to hide out while
life is insufferable than to sell themselves by ignoring the slack to which they are entitled.
But when a long train of abusers and usurpers pursuing assumably the same object effects
a plan to squash them under the insolent despotism it is their birthright.
It is their right.
It is their duty to throw off such goons and to prime new slack for the future serenity.
Such have been the repeated sufferances of these subgenii and such is now the nirvana
which compels them to abandon their former styles of entertainment.
The history of the present glorps in all places is a history of repetitive banalities and
absurdities all having in direct consequence the establishment of an attempted stranglehold
over the future.

Yet this punishment, through my being a king and a secretary, was anyway scooped out of
the early faces of the Roman royal family.
Much like the


greatchl ні冃 of sculpture, the RuCazan , the
shootings and civil religiousertos throughout resolutes unserem pone up
a mortua
e
is obtained, and when so hidden, they have notably searched to eradicate them.
They have refused to pass the laws for the accommodation of large districts of subgenii
unless they would relinquish the light of I and I, intercourse and intoxication.
I think we're going nowhere, man.
I think there's no slack right now.
I sound like Jerry.
Jerry?
Can I cut off your fingers?
And then you'll really be Jerry?
Too much bass drum will never get signed by Wyndham Hill.
You too can be a recording star.
That was Sister Chris, who works in the layout department at Screw Magazine, believe it or not.
It's true.
I love little girls, they make me feel so good
I love little girls, they make me feel so bad
When they're around, they make me feel like I'm the only guy in town
I love little girls, they make me feel so good
They don't care if I'm a one-way mirror
They don't write by my cold exterior
They don't
Ask me questions
They don't
Want to scold me
They don't
Look for answers
They just
Want to hold me
Isn't this fun?
What is this life all about?
Isn't this a dream come true?
Isn't this a nightmare?
Say you'll take my money
Say you'll take my clothes
Say you'll take my money
Tell me where to wear them
Become a piece out of this
Yeah, I got the money
You could ask me please



Try to be kind
Good times like them
It's been a while
And me, me, me
It's been a while



So true

Everything in the world, dear friends, it does take a freak.
So, so, well, we just got a call from a listener saying,
yeah, we'll join you in that mighty subgenius parade.
Actually, it's the K-N-O-N parade, but we got to get out there, folks,
and flaunt our abnormality to let it all hang out.
You know, we got to stay zipped up, so to speak, but...
There's letting it all hang out, and then there's public indecency.
Oh, and how would you define indecency, dear sister?
Would you care to define some right now?
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Well, this is a family show, so...
We better stop.
Or else educate them.
Family listening.
That's right.


The most important part.
Actually, we've got a copy.
We've got copies here tonight of both the Kama Sutra.
Ah, yes, the Kama Sutra.
I remember reading it to the goat woman after the state fair.
It worked wonders.
I love the state fair.
I saw lots of interesting things with goats out there.
They had a company out there, True Story.
It was, it was...
Don't mention True Stories to me, sister.
Magnum Seaman Works.
And they had...
Well, do anything for a buck on their card, and I believed it when I saw them selling semen under the table.
Those sailors out there, those mighty sailors, semen on the bounding main, so to speak.
Well, these were all in a little glass tube.
And proof, proof, dear friends, proof is all around us.
But, you know, Bob called sex the divine battle.
But is there an unbridgeable, undestroyable...
...barrier between men and women that will keep them forever warring against each other?
A.
I mean, uh...
You know, we believe that the, although the war between the states lasted only a few years,
the war between men and women is an ongoing process that shall never end.
But, friends, you better, you better praise Bob for that.
So don't succumb to humanist thinking.
Get out there and fight to the death.
The, the heavy combat of love, dear friends.
Huh!
Well, love doesn't always enter into it, remember that.
It takes a freak.
They said last time.
That's what the sign around their neck said.
White girls, they're pretty funny.
Sometimes they drive me mad.
Black girls just want to get...
Bob?
...don't know.
I just don't have that much chance.
Oh, yeah!
Help me, somebody.
Chinese girls are so gentle.
A little, such a tease.
You never know what power's gonna cook you inside those silky sleeves.
Give me all your money.
But, Reverend Belt.
Reverend Belt.
Yes, I'm sorry.
I was sitting here busy reading this.
I want to know why your copy of the Kamara Sutra don't have no pictures.
Oh, well...
Is this a Mieskommand?
Is this an exhibition expurgated report?
I took the pictures out to let them dry on the heater the other day.
Oh, yeah!
I should have worn a rubber glove.
Not only do we have in our possession the Kamara Sutra, but also the perfumed garden,
which is an ancient Arabic book translated, the treatise on love, translated by Sir Richard Burton.
Was that when he was married to Elizabeth Taylor?
No, this was a different Richard Burton.
This was one who lived...
Although there has always been a Richard Burton.
I'm sure.
And someday his head shall be launched in great rituals.
But that's years in the future.
And, but this, these books, these old sex manuals have, will tell you a lot more than your modern day Bibles,
such as how to pick up girls and so forth.
This one here talks about men who are to be held in contempt, gals.
And you, I'm sure many of you know this.
Maybe you can identify with this.
It says here,
Know, O my sister, to whom God be merciful, that a man who is misshapen of coarse appearance,
and whose member...
Well, that's not going to...
Is contemptible...
Who's a member of a club?
...in the eyes of women.
And when such a man hath a bout with a woman, he does not do his business with vigor and in a manner to give her enjoyment.
He lays himself down upon her without previous toying.
He does not kiss her nor twine himself around her.
He does not bite her nor suck her lips nor tickle her.
That beast.
That beast.
And these are the pinks, my friends.
This is the pink style of physical love.
And I don't mean pink like, you know, in Penthouse...
No.
...or Hustler.
I'm talking about pink like, not like a baby's shiny behind, dear friends, but an evil...
Ooh.
...an evil kind of pinkness.
The pinkness of a McDonald's advertisement.
The pinkness of that person driving the Porsche that you know doesn't deserve it.
Amen. I do.
And a woman.
And a child.
Oh, bless the little children.
She fuck, she fuck, she fuck.
They do, don't they?
That's another good thing about families.
Yeah. Well, but you know, when you have kids, then they get your slack.
Boy, they sure do.
And especially when they wander into the bedroom at those inopportune times.
Or when they find your electrical devices.
Or when they find your Japanese manuals upon you.
Well, I bet you and I have many funny little...
We could tell.
...little anecdotes.
I could tell you embarrassing stories.
Yes.
From a woman who's lived better electrically, I'd rather not share any of them on the air.
Whew, praise Bob.
Yes, the solo fight of love.
But, as she said the other night...
Oh!
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
enga
Have you finished with dollars?
Don't come over.
Hey poor Mmmm...



Bring my wallet...
The Lord is around, let me help you...
Here!
Take this...
from a subgenius in England, Pete Scott.
Pete Scott, great Pete Scott.
But at the same time,
the fabulous Billy Goons had this to say
about the same subject.
Bang, bang, it said on the sixth floor
of the school book depository.
Oh!
I'm searching for that she's part of love.
Well, Bernie Smith says he knows a spot.
He says he's been there a lot.
He said he paid a visit.
Wait, now he flogs his bishop.
I'm searching for that she's part of love.
I'm searching for she's part of love.
I'm searching for she's part of your love.
Yeah, you will.
I'm searching here and there
deep inside your underwear.
I'm searching for she's part of your love.
I took that bishop to the middle kingdom.
It was like some wild animal show.
There were geeks and goons in here,
but the chief's wife was nowhere.
I'm searching for she's part of your love.
Come on, Allie!
I struck a new ground.

Gray
White


White
Blue




McLane
McLane


Milligan's friends searching for the G spot of your love.
That's Reverend Cleve Duncan.
I guess he's not, he sings in the background on that.
Went down on little Peggy Lee.
Said, baby, is this G spot I must see?
Said, feel it, use your head.
You'll never be misled.
I'm searching for that G spot of love.
Oh, friends, this is a juvenile hour of slack, isn't it?
It ain't that great.
Peter Pan shall never grow up, never grow old.
Now, what were you just talking about there, Reverend Chester?
I was confused.
I was so overwhelmed by that song.
I just, you know, you know, sex and karma in music these days is so intense.
You know, we use, we use sex as opposed to procreation to sell just everything.
While we use it to sell toilet paper.
Have you seen that commercial?
What the?
Woman in the diaphanous white gown and the naked little baby against her body.
Singing about toilet paper against the dark moon.
I kind of couldn't understand about the naked baby and the toilet paper
until I thought you hold that baby long enough you'll be using that toilet paper.
But we use, we use sex to sell everything.
And it's so prevalent in music.
Remember when it was whole lot of loving, whole lot of kissing.
You don't know what you've been missing.
Well, thanks to Prince and Madonna, now you do.
Oh, yes.
Yeah, I love Madonna.
She's done so much to enhance the image of young women in America today.
Why, where else but in America could you see a young, overly underweared young lady
dressed in excessively religious jewelry singing about being like a virgin.
And now, praise her, she has at least gotten a little bit more respectable
instead of like a virgin touched for the very first time, which was kind of boring to me.
I don't know why.
She'd be singing about that.
I'm kind of distressed.
You know, she was kind of indiscriminate.
But now she's, she may be out having procreatory experiences.
But dang it, she's being responsible.
She's keeping her baby.
Oh, friends.
Yeah.
And if you can't keep your baby, give it to the church.
Yes, it's tax deductible.
We've got the home for slackless children here.
And friends, you know, you can't use, fetus brain tissue is a valuable resource in this country.
We've had to go for the operations for the new over men and uber women.
We've had to go to Malaysia, to China, because fetuses are so much more available in those places.
Here, oh, they have sanctions against that sort of thing.
But, you know, it's the only, fetus brain tissue is the only kind that will transplant.
And, you know, because it doesn't reject.
It's open to anything.
And that's what you need to be.
You need to blank your mind, dear friends.
Blank it to everything except Bob or Connie, depending on your camp.
And what you were endowed with by Wotan.
Huh.
And I don't care what people think.
And I don't care how he looks when I'm not in my sleep.
But this is not the whole story.
Draperies, as I had now discovered, are much more than devices for the introduction of non-representational forms into naturalistic paintings and sculptures.
What the rest of the normal see, only under the influence of drugs, the subgenius is congenitally equipped to see all the time.
His perception is not limited to what is biologically or socially useful.
A limit.
A limit of the knowledge belonging to mind at large oozes past the reducing valve of brain and ego into his consciousness.
It is a knowledge of the intrinsic significance of every existent.
For the subgenius, as for the drug taker, draperies are living hieroglyphs that stand in some peculiarly expressive way for the unfathomable mystery of pure being.
More even than the chair, though less, perhaps, than those wholly supernatural flowers, the folds of my gray flannel trousers were charged with isness.
To what they owed this privileged status, I cannot say.
Is it, perhaps, because the forms of folded drapery are so strange and dramatic that they catch the eye and in this way force the miraculous fact of sheer existence upon a man?

















the attention?
Look!
Oh, yes, friends.
You know, we just got another one of those calls
where they go,
Why are you doing this?
It does, it does.
It gets tougher and tougher, friends.
And, uh, but,
you know, I mean, why?
Why would we, why would we?
He said it was just as bad as those
other bad religious shows.
Friends,
we've been trying so hard to be worse.
We really have. I mean,
it breaks my heart
that we're doing this on the radio
and no one has killed us yet.
Do you realize what this says about America?
We're number three.
We're number three.
So we're gonna just change tactics
and just play some educational material
here for you and I.
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it.
Can you just say who's...
It's not safe.
No, it's not safe.
Oh, get those calls.
In Series 7,
you learned about many of the interesting creatures
who live on Mars,
including the tiny, microscopic
Gonococcus herihosia,
or Martian peen worm.
Today, with the help of a
neutron micro-holographic scanner,
we'll look into a dead Martian intestine,
the peen worm's natural habitat,
and see the whole life cycle,
of this simple aeroniobe unfold as if by magic.
As the miracle of reproduction begins,
our lone hero is still a mere tube of psychoplasm.
But soon, a frenzy of chemical activity
called the Amphetophase seizes the microbe,
and by the mysterious process called osmiotic blooming,
it starts to clot.
It grows a rudimentary megastamen and anthrax,
and swiftly matures into the spore of sex A,
the gameteoroid.
Unscientifically, it might be called the male.
He discovers his own nasophallosian tube,
and performs hermaphroditics,
which are a robotic autofusion,
until he spills a secretion of preposterol.
This triggers the morphase to begin,
and up sprouts sex B,
the so-called female, or nymph, load.
Her thorax produces the Jovian knobs,
and she even has a feeble nucleic eyeball,
nearly as powerful as that of the male.
A surprisingly complex courting ritual is initiated.
She produces special chemicals called mojo bodies,
which excite her partner.
She places her stigmat on his cloacal apparatus,
and performs parthenodulation.
He achieves cytospasm and germiades.
And, in nature's timeless tragedy,
the helpless male falls victim to the eternal wiles of the female,
leaving naught but a pool of albuminal spum.
Using her oviduct as an oral groove,
she saps every last trace of her former lover,
as the layman would call him.
Spermatogenocide is committed,
and it's almost as if she's smiling.
Now fertilized, she must drop the embryo system.
The Gallin miles,
which require a foldable body,
are insMale by nature.
So grateful is the poor perpetrator...
The Foi şuào
because he doesn't have any face.
attention which was just the idea and friends they're all going to be down at that parade so
hundreds and hundreds of seriously intense subgenius women who are looking for that
opportunity to spread bob's word not going to manhandle any poor little girl
and do you know that i have not been in a city for the last probably five or six years where i've
not had to deal with children who this has been their affair since they were little children
oh feel my love baby
ears open for uh ron lindsey who's going to be coming in next to do the soul oldest show
friends another form of slack slack you can drink out of your radio your friends oh yeah
this is the
the swinging love course is doing feel my love
i gotta grow a thing
oh yes dear friends bob has a mighty big love for you and so does connie
and there's room for all of us subgeniuses to crawl inside the mothership the escape
vessels of the pleasure goddesses friends and and may and when that great rupture comes
those
Those who hate this show will be left down below on earth to fry in a hell of their own making.
And we'll wave, we'll kind of be waving goodbyes.
We're transformed into new bodies and new souls.
Oh, yes.
Happy trails to you.
Friends, and you can, you, there are some few out there who intuitively know that, you know, you're not joiners.
You don't want to join some cult.
But you do want to save your wallet in the end times when the strange occurrences that come about during the tribulation period.
And friends, there's going to be diseases.
You think there's bad diseases around now.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
So you're going to want to write for information from Bob Dobbs.
Because only, you know, Bob is not the answer, but neither is anything else.
And it takes a lot to realize that to get to the point where you can pull the wool over your own eyes.
Oh, yes.
And so we're coming to the end of another hour of slack.
So sad that they only allow you one hour.
But you need to write to Bob.
Get that pencil ready.
At the mighty, the mighty P.O. Box.
And you don't even have to send money or anything.
But it would be appreciated.
Hold that envelope on your lap and think for a while about Connie or Bob or both.
And drop it in the mail to P.O. Box 140.
