Dear friends, to the subgenius hour of SLAT!
And you are listening to the hour of SLAT on KNON in Dallas, Texas.
Eternal salvation.
Or triple your money back.
We would have to creep inside their heads to know whether this person or that carries the rare subgenius genes.
But once inside those heads,
we would discover a very special secret.
A vast new universe.
A new dimension.
Coexisting, not always in harmony, alongside the mundane workaday world of the common human.
Another world that until now has been forced into hiding.
Now at this very moment, the veils of secrecy can be torn aside.
We, the persecuted, may now dare to raise our heads high and declare,
Behold us, for we are the subgeniuses!
Our prime concern is to locate and photograph the geek.
This is a team effort.
And we are all pledged to share and share alike.
Our food and our water.
Everything.
Including our women.
We didn't lie to you folks.
We told you we had living, breathing monstrosity.
You laughed at them.
Shuddered at them.
And yet, but for the accident of birth,
you might be even as they are.
They did not ask to be brought into the world.
But into the world they came.
Their code is a law unto themselves.
Offend one, and you offend them all.
And you will be punished for your sins.
And you will be punished for your sins.
Oh, and we're offended, dear friends.
We're offended that you haven't called in to express your horror.
Your disgust at this show.
At least last week's and this coming show.
Go ahead, if you dare, call 823-7490.
Yes, I'll say it again.
Go ahead, call 823-7490.
We don't care.
Go ahead and insult us, hate us.
They're lighting up.
The little collar hole is lighting up.
And soon they'll be dumped down into the...
No.
No.
No.
No.
Please.
It is not hands that call us.
It is desire.
Ah, yes, desire.
But what is a subgenius?
How can they, we, differ so much from the humans whose nonsensical laws and customs we have been forced to obey?
Uncorrected personality traits that seem whimsical in a child may prove to be ugly in a fully grown adult.
Lack of involvement with the father or over-involvement with the mother
can result in lack of ability to relate to sexual peers.
And in homosexual leanings, narcissism, transsexuality,
girls from the waist up, men from the waist down,
attempts to be your own love object.
Reconcile your parents to you by becoming both at once.
Even Marilyn Monroe was a man,
but this tends to get overlooked by our mother fixer.
And she got a little present over a couple of questions from

A glademan doesn't thank all women but her love-
�
The criminal opinion framework exist suddenly is every time so much more realistic than what it doesn't seem to be.
psychotic and they won't make an ideal husband or wife. The spoiled baby grows into the escapist
teenager who's the adult alcoholic who's the middle-aged suicide boy. So uncorrected personality
traits that seem whimsical in a child may prove to be ugly in a fully grown adult.
So what is the difference? Examine this seemingly docile crowd and know that in some few simmering
beneath a placid surface there broils a veritable cauldron of repressed subgenius awareness ready
at any moment to explode outward often with catastrophic results.
We may be witnesses to a biblical prophecy come true and
we may be witnesses to a biblical prophecy come true and
but there will be destruction and darkness come upon creation and the beasts will reign over the earth.
People of Earth, I am an alien from outer space.
Every time your heart beats these gruesome creations spawn by a demon brain grow foot by incredible foot feeding their ever-growing mind.
Every time your heart beats these gruesome creations spawn by a demon brain grow foot by incredible foot feeding their ever-growing mind.
This way it stops yet another hanging,
destroyed,
dev vermeous mastermind who shall swallow all humans.
Trans Detroit ravens plowing years away from you,

Even if you're weak and inexperienced affinitydo or certain education,

body half as firm that investment of me.
A great French theatre star after aísimo
nghpisant비
became famous in general cash It was a beautiful work of art by King Paul II.
Henry Barberи 我umen
and retr CATCAPLEYEath0 As a period part, his brothers a million other a buuraat didzed your curse. If you stay you'll go to prison .
Coming closer, closer, closer is an enemy from outer space.
The Church of the Subgenius.
From out of this world it came, a horrifying terror that threatened mankind, haunting and possessing every human being within range, an indestructible danger beyond all earthly understanding.
This extraterrestrial comes from outer space, from some godforsaken antimatter galaxy, millions and millions of light years from the Earth.
Atomic hydrogen weapons capable of wiping cities, countries off the face of the Earth, are completely ineffective against this creature from the skies.
Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob.
There it is now. Attacking the United Nations building.
I have found out how now, to add to the 16 existing glands a 17th, artificially developed a new gland.
What this gland does to this blonde beauty when it's electrolyted into her body, is an experience and horror almost unbelievable.
Ejected from unexplored secret strata, this giant...
...harder than steel piston, disgorges strange creatures, inundating our world, twisting the emotions of women, distorting our men.
This is a piece we have. Reflex action like a snake. Cut a snake in half and the two pieces go off in different directions.
These things take over a man's mind? He becomes a robot? A machine taking orders?
Join the hunt for the hiding place of terror. Find the breeding place of these globs of destruction.
What is happening to us?
What are these giant mutations, whose attack on people sends the whole countryside on an endless search.
Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob. Bob Bob.
Chaos and upheaval in a strange world, as a comet runs wild among the planets of the universe.
This catastrophe, whatever it was...
...has...
...thrown the Earth into a new age. A new unity, a new undercurrent of love. A new world of love. A new world of love. The one who would love the world. A world of love. This catastrophe, whatever it was, has...
orbit. No, this whole thing is unbelievable.
Besides his own exaggerated human nature and the powers granted him by Jehovah One,
Bob also benefits from being the chosen broker on Earth for superior beings from the furthest
reaches of known space, the so-called men from Planet X, or X-ists, for they are nothing like men.
Bob has a covenant with these angelic beings, a cosmic contract, a deal. On July 5th, 1998 at 7 a.m.,
the X-ists shall make a mass landing on this planet. The children of Bob shall be rewarded
for their service to the planet.
And at this foretold rupture, this day of judgment, when all those who paid their church
dues will be lifted up in power and glory to gain new homes and bodies aboard the pleasure
saucers of the sex goddesses, all the while watching the hapless pinks twitch and bleat
and wail in the death throes of their world. And we faithful shall be transfigured into
new beings.
Two enlightened beings, superior mutants called Overmen and Überwomen, who will start a new
Jerusalem in the promised land of Dimension X, Asgard, the zone of eternal slack and
cytor-spasmic ooze squirt.
Alive with primordial animals.
The menace of cavemen, gorilla people.
Underground.
Underground.
Underground.
ay demons.
What kind of a nightmare world is this?
While the beach set twists to the big beat sound of the dellaires, swinging out with
six rocking hits.
While the cycle gangs burn up the road and strong-arm their way into the party with fists
flying.
While teenagers prepare for a secluded slumber party.
terror strikes from the bottom of the sea.
An invasion of ghoulish atomic beasts
who live off human blood.
Can they be killed?
I don't know, Lieutenant.
They are the living dead.
They're zombies.
Behold, my servant shall prosper.
He that exalted and lifted up
on the pipe shall be very high.
He who knew that the fools prophesied for him
shall be made over man.
Many will be astonished at him
for his appearance is so mild
beyond human semblance
that his form is beyond that of a soul.
Meet the most beautiful creature of the future.
Her name is Barbarella
and she makes science fiction something else.
Barbarella is a five-star,
double-rated, astronavigatrix, earth girl.
Whose specialty is...
Love.
Shall I tell you what I would like?
I think I know.
Her top-secret mission
is a real wing-dinger.
I got him.
No!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!














Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!







Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!





Ah!
see
Barbarella
do
her thing
with a nice angel
with a warm
friendly ice
with a cold evil black queen with the charming hand-to-hand Romeo
in the biting birdcage in the chamber of dreams in the labyrinth of love in the deadly dollhouse
in the palace of pleasure
so
we

we
can't do much about those evil gods from the other side of the cosmos who fly through the air
and through the nebulous darkness of space space my friends the infinite inky clouds of nebulae
they fly on their membranous leathery wings holding in their coiling tentacles shiny steel
cylinders each one containing what was once a human soul what was once a member of the church
of the subgenius but another
this
wow
now

gleam
g
isn't


don't know
block
bex squirrels
battle for survival against the rock snakes of the dark planet.
Sometime in the near future, when we least expect it,
they will come.
Cities will burn.
Mankind will panic.
Our world will tremble.
When the invasion from another time and another place begins,
disbelief will be shattered and the truth of an ancient past will be revealed.
When it occurs, you will see men turned killers by mysterious power.
I wanted to kill you.
Why?
Because you are different.
Women will be defiled by the invaders from outer space.
You will be killed.
You will be killed.
You will be killed.
Scientists will vainly attempt to save civilization.
My duty now is to quieten public alarm.
And you, you keep your damn paws out of face.
Ironically, his mission will not be to sell Earth,
but to prevent Earth being sold and transformed into a kind of Stucky's in space.
Don't forget that Bob has come to,
uh,
as a prophecy,
the end of the world,
July 5th, 1998.
Okay?
When most Americans will have hangover,
but it's not just for the Americans,
it's for everyone in the world.
I didn't hear that.
Yeah, right.
That is,
that is why,
I'm gonna start smoking again.
Yeah, start smoking,
start drinking,
and live it up.
Start fornicating as if your very life depended on it.
Does it, does, dear friends,
and,
and,
well,
uh,
just,
uh,
in case you've been wondering what you've been living for,





listening to,
this is the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack,
the voice of the church of the subgenius.
Um,
actually,
this is,
uh,
Nancy Regalia night.
Yes,
we have,
we have a,
a,
uh,
most beloved and valued member in New Orleans,
uh,
Reverend Nancy Regalia,
who has sent almost all the stuff that you'll be hearing,
except for the,
um,
edited,
uh,
segment coming up,
uh,
in a little while.
Uh,
all these wonderful little,
uh,
movie trailer clips and,
and,
uh,
statements about the church of the subgenius from people who didn't even know it existed
back then.
Ah,
you know,
the church of the subgenius,
that thing that started here in Dallas about 10 years ago and continues to grow.
And grow.
Expanding like a balloon.
A hideous balloon.
And when it bops,
if it must pop,
I hope you're not standing in the way,
dear friend.
Uh,
but,
uh,
on the other hand,
if,
of course,
if you were a card-carrying member of the church of the subgenius,
you'd,
you'd be waiting for it to pop on July 5th,
1998.
Wouldn't you?
Uh,
I,
I,








uh,
I,
I,
I would probably go there pretty soon.

uh,
I,
I,
I think if you're looking for that,
that's a little more difficult.

uh,

I think you'd be a great idea to,
uh,


to,








uh,
to,
This plan will succeed only if conditions are just right at the appointed time.
Otherwise, dark forces of antiquity will be awakened from their slumber of eons
and rise again from Atlantis to rule our world in their sizeless grip.
These primordial elementals, the Elder Gods,
have countless demonic and interplanetary minions carrying out their unholy schemes.
They even control Bob's own evil twin brother, Dick Dobbs, the Unclean One.
It could happen in your lifetime.
They build the city, make the laws, the gods,
and control the gods.
That's us, a race of lowly, terrified humans
who run wild in the dark.
The gods in the jungles are caged in the prisons and stuffed in the museums.
A world gone insane, an upside-down civilization that could not be real.
Yes, a world of madness and terror.
Man has no understanding.
No kidding.
He can be taught a few simple tricks, nothing more.
And you're teaching him here, friends.
Oh, sure, it's a madhouse.
Don't you love it?
The Holy Tribunal has placed you in my custody for final disposition.
Oh, boy, thanks, Bob.
You realize what that means?
Oh.
No.
Slack?
What duration to begin with?
Well, that's not slack.
An experimental surgery on the speech centers, on the brain.
What's brain slack for?
It's a kind of living death.
Slack!
Like all his powers,
could Dobs really be defeated by these beings?
Ah, but you must not underestimate the conspiracy.
Its weapons are so insidious, even the human conspiracy leaders are unaware of them.
The fact that the conspiracy itself is ignorant that it is a conspiracy gives it such control over our minds,
that the very thought becomes unthinkable.
You cannot think about your own mind.
That's part of the problem.
You cannot think about your own mind.
You cannot wash.
You cannot see your own eyes.
You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from God.
You cannot hide from God.
He's bearing you.
He's bearing you in all reality.
Help me somebody.
She ain't got no legs.
My legs are on fire.
Yeah, my legs are on fire too, dear friends.
Actually, what you've been listening to just then
and interspersed through the rest of this is
the soundtrack of Arise, the subgenius video,
which you won't be seeing on television anytime soon.
No, I don't think so.
Sure, it sounds good, doesn't it?
Well, it looks even better.
Don't you wish you could see it?
Well, I can't tell you how you can, so it's too bad.
But yeah, that's Dr. Howell Robbins
narrating the Arise video still.
And this is your host, Reverend Ivan Stankovic.
Once again, you can call the station here
and speak to Will Adobes,
who's got nothing better to do, really,
except for praising Bob.
When you're not calling, he's sitting here
with his hands folded praising Bob,
whipping himself with a little thin metal chain
until the blood flows freely
because that's how much he loves Bob.
Bob doesn't care how much blood comes out, actually,
but, you know, what Will thinks that he does.
So.
And that's all that counts.
It's your faith, friends.
Your faith, isn't it?
An adventure that ultimately leads man
to confront his own destiny.
A shrieking monolith,
deliberately buried by an alien intelligence,
starts man on a mission half a billion miles into space.
Howell, you're the brain and central nervous system of the ship.
Does this ever cause you any lack of confidence?
Let me put it this way, Mr. Raymer.
No 9,000 computer ever made a mistake
or distorted information.
Open the pod bay doors, Howell.
Open the bathroom door, Howell.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
Open the bathroom door, Howell.
The divinity and temerity of the human mind itself
does all the work.
The evil ones may just lean back
and watch the little humans march gladly,
even proudly,
to their doom.
But we, too, must be vigilant.
For, thanks to the false slack bombarding us daily,
it is terrifyingly easy for even a subgenius
to slip back into normality.
We'll make her one of us.
A loving cup. A loving cup.
We're going to make you one of the five big cups.
One of us. One of us.
One of us.
One of us.
The subgeniuses.
Come on.
Join the church, humans.
Become the subgeniuses.
One of us.
One of us.
Google doggo.
Google doggo.
One of us.
One of us.
Freak!
Freak!
Freak!
Tonight, my dear Maxwell,
I'm ready to try my experiment on a human.
Yes?
There's basically two factions out there right now.
It's us and them.
And unfortunately, them is much, much greater than us.
The fortunate thing about it is that we know that them are actually working for us,
but them doesn't know that they're working for us.
What do you think will be the next obstacle the Earth people will put in our way?
Well, as long as they can think, we'll have our problems.
We stand at a crossroads.
The tenuous slack that a subgenius may occasionally enjoy
could be rent to shreds at any moment,
for the human puppets of the Elder Gods continue their senseless plunge into madness and anti-slack,
dragging us and our whole beloved planet ever closer to the brink of destruction.
In the name of Bert, and Bert the turtle was very alert.
When danger threatened him, he never got hurt.
He knew just what to do.
But then, Bert was 300 miles from the blast epicenter.
He's got and cover.
Got and cover.
He did what we all must learn to do.
You and you.
And you.
And you.
Got.
And cover.
Be sure and remember what Bert the turtle just did, friends,
because every one of us must remember to do the same thing.
Hey, Bert, come on out and meet all these nice people, please.
Bert can't understand, Mr. Announcer.
He's only a reptile.
Besides, he knows all this advice is pointless.
All right, we really can't blame you.
You see, Bert is a very, very careful fellow.
When there's danger, this is the way he keeps from being hurt.
Sometimes, it even saves his life.
Sometimes, but not always.
Other times, he's killed.
But unlike you, Bert's only a badly drawn cartoon character.
That's why these children are practicing to duck and cover just as you do in your school.
We all know the atomic bomb is very dangerous.
But did you know that the hydrogen bomb is also dangerous?

Is it over 100 times more powerful than that little atom bomb that Bert faced in the 50s?
Since it may be used against us, we must get ready for it,
just as we are ready for many other dangers that are around us all the time.
The only difference is getting ready for the atom bomb is a laughable, pathetic self-delusion.
Fire is a danger.
It can burn whole buildings if someone is careless.
But if you're 100 miles from a fire,
you won't get radiation sickness.
But we are ready for fire.
We have a fine fire department to put out the fire.
And you have fire drills in your school so you know what to do.
Automobiles can be dangerous too.
Especially to Bert, when he tries to migrate across highways.
But we are ready.
We have safety rules that car drivers and people who are walking must obey.
In the aftermath of a nuclear attack, there are no rules.
It's dog eat dog.
It's a fire.
Or turtle.
Yes, you may love the family pet now,
but you'll love Rover even more when he's the last thing left to eat in the fallout shelter.
Next to you...
Remember, Bob will be right back.
Help Bob battle the satanic seduction of America's youth.
Now we must be ready for a new danger,
the atomic bomb.
First, you'll have to know what happens when an atomic bomb explodes.
Not that that will lead to a nuclear an-
do you any good? You'll know when it comes. For one-eighth of a nanosecond, not even time enough
to pray. We hope it never comes, but we must get ready. So start praying now. It looks something
like this. There is a bright flash, brighter than the sun, brighter than anything you've ever seen.
And certainly much brighter than anything you'll ever see afterwards with your melted corneas
running down your cheeks like useless tears. If you are not ready and did not know what to do,
it could hurt you in different ways. Some of these ways, like leukemia and impotence,
may not even show up for months or years. Others, like the melting of eyeballs,
you'll notice immediately. It could knock you down hard or throw you against a tree or a wall.
At such a high velocity that you are cut in half or smashed.
Into a boat. What is such a big explosion? It can smash in buildings and knock signboards over
and break windows all over town. If the town is 400 miles away. Otherwise,
it'll disintegrate your town instantly, atom by atom, if you're lucky. But if you duck and cover
like Bert, you'll be much safer. Of course, Bert is a turtle with a shell or bony carapace.
His ancestors survived the explosion that destroyed the mighty dinosaurs.
But your meat is protected only by a thin bag called the skin.
You know how bad sunburn can feel. The atomic bomb flash could burn you worse than a terrible
sunburn. Worse than Freddy Krueger. Especially when you're not covered. Now, you and I don't
have shells to crawl into like Bert the turtle, so we have to cover up in our own way.
Such a bad sunburn can feel. But if you're not covered, you're not covered. You're not covered.
It's a cave lined with 10-foot thick lead walls 50 miles underground. That's what our president
and chiefs of staff would use. But for the rest of us, first you duck, and then you cover. Then
you kiss your bottom goodbye. And very tightly, you cover the back of your neck, your face.
Duck and cover underneath a table or desk. Preferably a table or desk made of 10-foot thick
lead. Or anything else close to it. And then you're covered. And then you're covered. And then you're
covered. And then you're covered. And then you're covered. And then you're covered. And then you're
covered. In Betty's school, they're talking about the atomic bomb, too. Betty is asking her
teacher, how can we tell when the atomic bomb may explode? And her teacher is explaining that
there are two kinds of attack. With warning, and without any warning. Too bad they don't even use
atomic bombs anymore. We think that most of the time, we will be warned before the bomb explodes.
So there will be time for us to get into our home, schools, or some other safe place.
place. And time to launch retaliatory rockets to wipe out all of Russia, Cuba, China, and Northern
Europe. Our civil defense workers and our men in uniform will do everything they can to warn us
before enemy planes can bring a bomb near us. Of course, if a bomb should explode even before it
gets near us, all radios, TVs, and telephones will be useless. You may be in your schoolyard playing
when the signal comes. That signal means to stop whatever you are doing and get to the nearest safe
place fast. If the nearest safe place is Antarctica or the North Pole, hurry there. Always remember,
a flash of an atomic bomb can come at any time.
No matter where you may be. You might be out playing at home when the warning comes.
Then be sure to get into the house fast, for your parents have fixed a safe place for you to go.
Or else a syringe full of euthanasia to end your suffering before it starts. That is, if your parents aren't both at work.
If you are not close to home when you hear the warning, go to the nearest safe cover.
No one will be able to stop you.
You may be in a safe place, but you may not know where you are to go. Or ask an older person to help you.
Very old people are easier to butcher for food in case you're trapped with them in a caved-in basement for a long period of time.
You know the places marked with the S sign? They're safe places to go when you hear the alarm.
Or at least that's what they want you to think. But since all radios will instantly fall silent in case of an attack,
you might never even hear the alarm.
If there is a warning, you will hear it before the bomb.
But sometimes, and this is very, very important, sometimes the bomb might explode without any warning.
This is what to do if you should be in a corridor.
You duck and cover tight against the walls.
You fall this way.
With a fallout shelter wrapped snugly around your body and with your hands raised up to heaven in supplication.
Remember to keep your face and the back of your neck covered tightly.
Or you'll end up looking like Freddy.
Try to fall away from windows or doors with glass in them.
Then, if the glass breaks and flies through the air, it won't cut you.
Maybe.
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop.
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop.
Bom-bom-bom-bom-bom-bom-bom
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
What? No! No! No! No! It can't be! Not now!
You might be eating your lunch when the flash comes.
Duck and cover under the table.
Then, if the explosion makes anything in the room fall down...
Like the walls.
It can't fall on you.
Getting ready means we will all have to be able to take care of ourselves.
The bomb might explode when there are no grown-ups near.
Like in Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome.
Paul and Patty know this, and they're always ready to take care of themselves.
Here they are on their way to school on a beautiful spring day.
But no matter where they go or what they do, they always try to remember what to do if the atom bomb explodes right then.
And because they grew up thinking about the atom bomb, they also are often out visiting the child psychiatrist.
It's a bomb. Duck and cover.
Paul and Patty know what to do.
Paul covered the back of his head so that he wouldn't be burned.
And Patty covered herself with the coat she was carrying.
Of course, both protective items were burned off of them in just a matter of seconds.
They knew how to duck and cover.
They acted right away.
Not that it did them much good.
If they had been at this doorway when the bomb flashed, Paul and Patty would have ducked and covered this way, like this girl.
As you can see by this shot of her skeleton huddled safely in the doorway.
Heavy doorways are a good place to duck and cover.
She will be safer, too.
At least she won't have to worry about the bomb anymore.
Here's Tony going to his Cub Scout meeting.
Tony knows the bomb can explode any time of the year, day or night.
That's why he's autistic.
Attaboy, Tony. That flash means act fast.
Tony knows that it helps to get to any kind of cover.
This wall was close by, so that's where he ducked and covered.
And that's where his body is still buried.
Tony knew what to do. Notice how he keeps from moving or from getting up and running?
That's because he's dead.
The man helping Tony is a civil defense officer.
His job is to bury the bodies in quick line.
We must obey the civil defense worker.
Especially if he has a gun.
We must know how to duck and cover in the school bus or in any other bus or streetcar.
Duck and cover.
Don't wait. Duck away from the windows fast.
The glass may break and fly through the air and cut you.
Into little tiny pieces.
No matter where we live.
In the city or the country.
We must be ready all the time for the atomic bomb.
Duck and cover.
That's the first thing to do.
Duck and cover.
The next important thing to do after that is to stay covered until the danger is over.
Which could be up to 90 years.
Yes, we must all get ready now.
So we know how to save ourselves if the atomic bomb ever explodes near us.
Move to Antarctica today.
Older people will help us as they always do.
There might not be any grown-ups around when the bomb explodes.
Then, you're on your own.
You're on your own.
You're on your own.
You're on your own.
You're on your own.
You're on your own.
You're on your own.
Be it by the nuclear kiss of Jehovah-1.
Ecological disaster.
Or invasion by hostile aliens.
Which will it be?
Destruction of planet Earth?
Or eternal slack under the benevolent rule of Bob?
Or are the two the same?
This world is a time for destruction.
You say it can't be true.
Jesus began to give to them the signs.
Of his coming and the end of the age.
And one of the signs he referred to was the abomination of desolation that was spoken of by Daniel the prophet.
Exactly as Noah getting into the ark triggered the deluge that destroyed the Earth in his day.
And that it's very highly possible that when this all takes place that a great cataclysmic judgment will do that very thing.
God will destroy this country.
Cities in America.
Cities in this nation.
Literally instantly destroyed.
Well, we've done it.
Gee, I can't wait till that Bob time train comes around the bend.
Oh look out son, here it comes now.
It's frightening, isn't it?
It's unbelievably big and scary.
It's net wrenchingly large.
We stand to receive the war of the flesh and understand not the way of the lead clad ones.
A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a
It's not natural.
Here was a weird idea.
Haven't I stood here and nursed dying dogs?
Yeah.
And even that miserable cat?
Agony!
I can't stand this torture!
Stealing through my body!
Creeping through my veins!
Pouring in my blood!
Oh, darts of fire in my brain!
17 out of 37 of the murderers,
13 out of 145 foragers,
15 out of 125 cases of assault and battery
were addicts of marijuana.
But I'm afraid that my words will not impress you.
So allow me to give you a few scenes
that I know will have a lasting impression.
You think Jesus had it bad?
Oh, Jesus had to work an 80-hour week?
Oh, boy, gee, they call him a...
Friends, they're gonna nail you up on the cross
with a lesser plot, you know.
Oh, no, no, no, they'll make you nail yourself up.
And you'll be glad to know it's 20% interest.
But how do you put it?
What's the matter?
You know what that left hand is?
How are you gonna get the right one in?
You'll have to pay somebody,
but you're not gonna get your water out of your pocket.
Why, you can think about that.
But come the Holocaust,
and you're crawling out of the rubble,
your fingers falling off your hair,
blowing off your head in the wind,
looking for flashlight batteries,
will you be saying,
gosh, if only I'd read that book of the subgenius a little closer,
I'd know what to do at a time like this.
And on that day, my friend,
your soul will be laid bare
to the eye of the great stark fist of removal
that hummers above you all the time.
You'll be necking, necking to Wotan,
and it will know then
whether you really believed in Bob Dobbs or not,
because your belief in Bob or your life
will be all you have left.
1, 2, 3, 4.
I have seen the sleeping nights of Jesus
Gazing out across the open sea
I have seen the sleeping nights
of Jesus
Gazing out across the open sea
And they look extremely tired to me
Gazing out across the open sea
Dying of starvation in the gutter
Gazing out across the open sea
That is all the future holds for me
Gazing out across the open sea
For alcoholic poisoning
In the toilet of my choice
That's all there is as far as I can see
Fried to death in seconds by the Russians
By the Russians
Or if you're lucky just a sudden stroke
By the Russians
Or if you're lucky just a sudden stroke
A lingering death from fallout
As your teeth and hair fall out
A certain death from cancer if you smoke
For I have seen the sleeping nights of Jesus
Gazing out across the open sea
Gazing out across the open sea
Gazing out across the open sea
I have seen the sleeping nights of Jesus
Gazing out across the open sea
And they look extremely tired to me
Gazing out across the open sea
Put your faith in God
He won't expect you
Gazing out across the open sea
Put your faith in death
Because it's free
Put your faith in death

If you believe in nothing
Honey, it believes in you
For God's sake don't waste any faith on me
For God's sake don't waste any faith on me
When it comes to judge us in his glory
When it comes to judge us in his glory
When it comes to judge us in his glory
Then we'll see how old a man can get
When it comes to judge us in his glory
He must be feeling ancient
Up there on the rim of space
Two thousand years and he ain't been back yet
Two thousand years and he ain't been back yet
But
I have seen the sleeping nights of Jesus
Rub their eyes
Rub their eyes and keep at what they see
I have seen the sleeping nights of Jesus
And it looks as though they've noticed me
And it looks as though they've noticed me
And it looks as though they've noticed me
And that was Robin Hitchcock, dear friends, brought to you by the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
Robin Hitchcock and the Egyptians.
The song we played earlier in the hour, Uncorrected Personality Traits, was also by him.
And as I said before, most of the stuff we're playing tonight was, um,
Well, uh, a Wilton Ivanstang edit of a Nancy Regalia pre-edit.
Nancy sent us a mighty mound of tape pre-cut and we went and cut it further.
And that's what you often hear on this show.
Tapes sent in by subgeniuses out there.
And you can send your tapes in if you want.
No guarantees, dear friends.
We're not responsible for unsolicited materials.
But we send a lot of unsolicited materials out.
And you can get some of those
unsolicited materials from us
by writing for free information from
Bob.
Yes, old Bob.
Bob Dobbs. J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Not to be confused with Reverend Bob, who performs, uh,
here in Dallas, does a very funny take-off on fundamentalist preachers.
That's different.
He's been doing it for a long time,
but the Church of the Subgenius has been doing it since time began.
You can write Bob at P.O. Box 140306
in Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Talk to him and he'll guide you.
You know, Bob, I'm not gonna go there.
I've been thinking about maybe writing to the Church for a long time.
But you're thinking,
oh, no, I don't want to get wrapped up in a cult.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's too good of a start.
late for some people. Actually, I believe in the upcoming weeks you'll be able to read
about Church of the Subgenius and Bob Dobbs and Zippy the Pinhead, I think, is going to
be mentioning Bob in the next couple of weeks. The New Yorker magazine will have some new
art by St. Palmer Vreedys about the church. And, of course, if you want to fly up to New
York, you can always go see the gallery show at Psychedelic Solutions. No one in Dallas
would ever want to show subgenius art, would you? And I don't blame you a bit, because
I don't want to either. Too much trouble. And, you know, see, the thing is, we're into
slack. Bob promised us slack, and we took it.
Bob helped me with the show, and I'm glad he did.

He helps those who help themselves. And I think those of you with any level of enlightenment
should be able to understand that much. Shouldn't you? Yeah, you really should. And you should
also remember your pledges to KON, dear friends. Hey, next week, I think, yeah, next week we've
got the pledge drive coming up. I love pledge drives, because that's when we get to act
like regular people.
We get to act like religious people. We get to act like respectable religions. We get
to act like Christians. And beg money. And talk about nothing but money. And not actually
help anybody. Not actually give out any slack at all, but merely get money. Money for the
station. And believe you me, the station needs it. That's why we don't have to feel guilty
about it, even though we're not forgiven by Bob. He only gives us an excuse. But we're

not forgiven. Yet, even though we're not forgiven, we can beg for money, because it's for the
station and not for us. Don't worry, we get our money. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And well, you'll
see why. Thank you all.
And when the demons, oh, when the demons try to tell you that, you think you're hearing
a satire. Oh, one day you'll find yourself up to your neck in false drugs, false sex,
false jobs, false money. And you'll say, but where's Bob? Where's Bob? You mean, you mean
there really is a conspiracy?
Yeah.
You mean there really was a Bob? You mean, you mean I could have had slack and I would?
It's going to be up to you. It's going to be up to you. What are you going to let happen
to this planet? What are you going to do about it? Bob's going to let you decide what to
do about it. Is that what you're going to, are you just going to sit there? They won't
even have to do it. Bob won't even have to see that the end of the world happens properly.
It'll happen by accident.
There are a lot of well-meaning people that are involved in this thing, but it is satanic.
Now let me tell you, we talk about Christianity and Satan is very brilliant at maneuvering
the church into a position that is opposed to God.
Hi Bob. I just want to call and tell you that I praise God for you and your show and what
you're doing out there.
Well, that's nice. What do you think about today's discussion, Ed?
I think it's a great idea. I think it's a great idea. I think it's a great idea. I think
it's a great idea. I think it's a great idea. I think it's a great idea. I think it's a great

Well, it's kind of scary to me. I'm only catching parts of it because I'm at work. But it's
pretty disgusting what's happening out there.
It is.
Suicide to most everyone, but to me it's murdered by marijuana.
I think you should be the first one to know. Your daughter Joan drove into my house in
the nude.
In the what?
In the nude.
Well, where did she get it?
Where did she get what?
Well, what was it you said?
Oh God.
Oh God.





Oh, it's coming off.
Yes, it's all coming off.
Better, more terrific than you've ever seen it before in Striparama, in gorgeous color,
starring the three greatest names in burlesque. The incomparable Lily St. Cyr, America's foremost
strip tune. That red-headed cyclone, Georgia Southern, the fastest girl in burlesque. The
exciting Rosita Royce and her clothes-stealing dove.
The most beautiful, tantalizing, titillating, shapely lineup of strip stars ever seen in
one show before. Including the national pin-up queen, Betty Page. And the breathtaking Venus
Beauty, everyone a contest winner.
The feminist dupes of the conspiracy charge that not a single woman in the world has ever

been an example of women.

But not enough members are women.
Bob would agree to that.
Indeed, he would say, there will never be enough women.
But at least the ones we have are all women.
And Bob?
Bob is all man, the James Bond of Zen masters, the most dashing religious leader of his time.
Let's get really bad together.
Baby, I'll be like you never done before
Let's get really better together, baby
And climb the highest plateau of our love
Oh, you boring little creep
Don't say that this ain't love
I know it in my sleep
It swept out of the barb
And snatched me in its claws
And flew off in the air
Let's get really better together, baby
I'll be like you never done before
Let's get really better together, baby
And climb the highest plateau of our love
Oh, you dismal little twerp
Don't say that you don't care
Don't tell me it won't work
I feel it in the air
And like a dying tree
It blows up in the wind
Let's get really better together, baby
I'll be like you never done before
Let's get really better together, baby
And climb the highest plateau of our love
Let's get really better together, baby
You need to say that Bob has actually had one of those horrible diseases?
That isn't true, Doctor.
Is that true, Bob?
Just a minute, Sally.
One scandal at a time.
Yes, Bob Dobbs is a sex ghost.
A blazing rebuttal that strips bare the pretenses of blue-nosed critics.
A shameless revelation of the shamming pricks
who say they're shocked by legs, laughs, and a lavish layout of lovely.
Yes, here's the answer.
And it's going to make their heads swim,
their eyes goggle,
and bring a burning blush to their cheeks.
Yes.
Yes.









A gold-color motion picture
bursting with the most beautiful array of keyhole cuties,
curvy uncover girls,
languorous long-stem lovelies,
and naughty nifties that ever burnt up a screen.
It's the picture that brings to bear
every bang, bounce, and bump
in the burlesque book of beauty.
I saw my brother die.
I saw the man's face.
I feel,
and my guts are rotting with that,
that truth.
I'm gonna get my gun and
bury me an angel,
a howling hellcat,
humping a hot steel hog on a roaring rampage of revenge.
Whipped into a blazing frenzy of violence.
Twisted by torment.
A sadistic she-devil
leading a pair of perverts on a raging ride through hell.
As you all know,
for one thing and one thing only do we need men.
The book that couldn't be written
is now the motion picture that couldn't be made.
Oh, yeah, dear friend.
Well, you know,
Kathy is late to do her show,
Kathy's potluck.
She's on her way.
What?
The rural Fellini serves up a colossal motion picture
geared for the young and old alike.


The sophisticate and the blue collar.
A motion picture born to entertainment.
Vibrant, spellbinding, jarring, rocking,
yet so hilariously funny in its delivery.
Russ Meyer's super victims.
An all-out assault on today's sexual mores and more.
A frontal attack against women's lib.
Blasting through the male machismo syndrome.
Kicking the crap out of conventions.
Hang-ups.
Chicks.



Convictions.
Obsessions.
The whole thing.
Cops.
Robbers.
Sexually aggressive females.
Rednecks.
Sick men of war.
Unfaithful wives.
Impotence.
Bedroom prowess.
A 32-second orgasm.
Cuckolding.
The wrist bazooka.
Monism.
Breast fixation versus fellatio.
Racing cars.
Self-abuse.
Even deaths and reincarnation.
Russ Meyer's super victims.
A cinematic smorgasbord.
Mind boggling beauty.
All right.
Hey, began only U.S.











