I want a tail, a one, two, three, four.
83-day squids, falling from the sky.
83-day squids, man, they get me so high.
83-day squids, now they're falling, oh no.
83-day squids, come on, let's go.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry,
the hour of slack, sponsored by the church of the subgenius.
Yes, dear friends, I don't even know where to start.
I've got so much good tape.
This time, we just got back from the Portland and Seattle devivals, dear friends,
which were actually the best subgenius devivals I've ever witnessed.
And I've been...
I've been a part of.
Praise Nenslow.
Praise Dr. Howell.
Praise Sternow.
Praise Doctors for Bob.
Praise Pope Angus.
And praise Papa Joe Mama, who couldn't even be there.
Praise Janer, who couldn't be there, but was somehow there anyway.
Oh, and the Duke of Uke as well.
And Popus Lilith and so many, so many...
Friends, I don't even know where to start.
But Sternow did some of the greatest preaching I've ever seen in my career as a subgenius preacher.
We'll be playing that uncensored for the internet later on.
The music you're hearing in the background is Doctors for Bob.
And I...
Praise Bob!
I've got to actually do this song with those guys live in Seattle.
But the original Doctors for Bob, oh, it was...
Well, like, it took three of us to make a half-hour of it.
And I'm a big fan of Bob's.

And it's a little bit of a jangler.
But otherwise...
Hey, friends, I don't even...
Hey, hey.
And I've got a Suzy the Floozy Bob Slacktime Funhouse show that is unbelievable,
that I must share with all of you.
I have here in front of me an Einstein Secret Orchestra show that is...
Einstein Secret Orchestra changed a little bit,
as WCSB there in Cleveland got a new call-in board so that they can do conference calls and so forth.
And that means that it's easier for Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Chaz and Princess Wee and whatever...
Michelle and whatever guests.
They can get phone-in guests a lot easier, such as, in this case, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
And yours truly.
And I've got all these tapes from people I don't know and never heard of.
But the Lord Jesus, praise Jesus, has queued this stuff up and found...
has already dug through it and found the good parts.
And well, let's just...
I'm on my own.
Wait a minute. Actually, before I do that, we'll switch over to this quiet...
I did want to say one thing, friends.
It's actually not me saying it.
Believe it or not, it's...
Carl Sagan in his book, The Demon Haunted World Science as a Candle in the Dark,
which I would have to call required reading for any subgenius.
In American polls in the early 1990s,
two thirds of all adults had no idea what the information superhighway was.
42% didn't know where Japan is.
And 38% were ignorant of the term Holocaust.
But the proportion was in the high 90s who had heard of the Menendez,
Bobbitt and O.J. Simpson criminal cases.
99% had heard that the singer Michael Jackson had allegedly sexually molested a boy.
The United States may be the best entertained nation on Earth,
but a steep price is being paid, my friends.
And once again, I would very much recommend Carl Sagan's last book,
The Demon Haunted World Science as a Candle in the Dark, to everybody.
It's very important that you occasionally...
When was the last time you read any science?
Most of you.
As compared to when was the last time you saw a TV show about UFOs?
Or ghosts or whatnot?
Friends, start with a cage.
Oh, pardon me.
But this is in the background.
The music we're listening to is my good friend, close personal friend,
El Diablo, also known as Imat Zepol with his band, a CD this time called Cosmic Voyeur.
Start with a cage containing five apes, friends. In the cage, hang a banana
on a string and put stairs under it. Before long, an ape will go to the stairs
and start to climb towards the banana. As soon as he touches the stairs,
spray all the apes with cold water. After a while, another ape makes the attempt.
With the same result, all the apes are sprayed with cold water.
Now turn off the cold water.
If later another ape tries to climb the stairs,
the other apes will try to prevent it, even though no water sprays them.
Now remove one ape from the cage and replace it with a new one.
The new ape sees the banana and wants to climb the stairs.
To his horror, all the other apes attack him.
After another attempt and attack,
he knows that if he tries to climb the stairs, he will be assaulted.
Next, remove another of the original five apes and replace it with a new one.
The newcomer goes to the stairs and is attacked.
The previous newcomer takes part in the punishment with enthusiasm.
Again, replace a third original ape with a new one.
The new one makes it to the stairs and is attacked as well.
Two of the four apes that beat him have no idea why they were not permitted
to climb the stairs or why they are participating in the beating of the newest ape.
After replacing the fourth and fifth original apes, all the apes which had been
sprayed with cold water have been replaced. Nevertheless, no ape ever again approaches the stairs.
Why not?
Because that's the way it's always been around here.
Sound familiar, dear friends?
Well, we're we're we're coming closer and closer to the end times.
The final, final days are approaching.
And I'm digging it.
I'm digging it.
You know, it's the end of the world called here in Dallas.
Our
in Garland, Texas, last night gave up the ghost.
God didn't appear on television on
on Channel 18 and that particular UFO cult and just gave up.
But you know what, friends?
God did call me on the phone twice today, right when I was starting to put the show
together, Jesus Christ, the Lord, well, actually the son of God, the son of man as
well, Jesus Christ called me.
And I'm like, which which cult are you going to go with?
Friends of the ones that talk about it all the time are the ones that can really deliver.
And.
Well, senators at the school, they always have had too many of that trade.
Of course, where we were.


Well, I lighted the sail that I love myself, could you hit the sun and show it?
How about.
Scott?

A great star has fallen from heaven upon a third of the earth's rivers and springs.
Their waters have become polluted and bitter.
The sun, the moon, and the stars are struck.
A third of the world is in darkness.
Woe, woe, woe to those who dwell on the earth
because of the rest of the trumpet blasts which the angels are about to sound.
The earth is filled with smoke.
A great whirring sounds in the sky as beasts like locusts of iron fall upon men.
East of the river Euphrates is the land where the sun is born.
Two hundred million men march to destroy a third of the world.
It is done. The final trumpet has sounded.
The mighty cities of the nations fall.
Islands disappear. Mountains crumble.
As God's final wrath pours upon mankind.
As lightning flashes from the east to the west, so he comes.
The son of man, anointed in power, returns with majesty and glory to take his kingdom.
Uh, Bob, let's really have some smoke on this one, all right?
All right. Let's go.
Time is running out for the human race.
Get ready for the judgment day.
The sun is shining. Come on, get happy.
The Lord is waiting to take your hand.
Shout out, Alida, come on, get happy.
We're going to the promised land.
And if she wants to get some white underwear, it might be best she get them in asbestos, all right?
Might better get them in asbestos.
And I'm teasing now, of course.
Don't, don't let her put on asbestos breeches, all right?
They'll, it might get, uh, might get, be harmful to your breathing.
First, I want to remind you that in the last days there will be some scoffers who will do every wrong they can think of and laugh at the truth.
If you are scoffing right now, in your heart, if you are not believing.
Bob!
Coming back.
You are one of the signs of his coming.
If you're going to continue to scoff, will you do me a favor?
Prepare for the end.
Oh, wow!
Well, there's a day soon coming when the judgment of the world will begin.
When the sky will be darkened and the mountains dance like cocaine.
When the temple will be broken.
When the whole of the earth will fall like food from the tree.
Oh, I wish you'd all believe me.
I wish you all could see.
I wish you'd all believe me.
I wish you'd all believe.
The truth will not hurt you, only her life.
I wish you'd all believe me.
The truth will not hurt you, only her life.
The next video will be about you beating theavy in the face of this waltz.




















In that altaire
From the deadly valley
where the armies of the world make their war
Good blood will flood the hillsides
And the land become a blistered sword
And death will ride victorious
Through the carnage of man's misery
Oh, I wish you'd all believe me
I wish you all could see
You don't really believe that, do you?
I don't know.
Impossible, fantastic, ridiculous, absurd, really?
The ambush is set, and it's working.
1998, the year of fear.
Jack, explain it, will you, please?
Now, these are not my dates.
We don't set dates.
This is one of the best intelligence sources in the world,
along with Jane's defense out of England.
But let me tell you this, friend.
We believe things are going to come and happen sooner than we think.
The world must be seeing it coming, right?
I'm afraid not.
Even though the technology had been around for years,
nobody really paid too much attention to it.
Almost no one saw it coming.
Almost no one?
Yeah, almost.
Those of us who did express our concern
were just branded as paranoid,
as people who hated technology,
people who just weren't ready to be part of a new united world.
Don't listen not to this child of Satan.
Reverend, I gotta admit,
this doomsday,
we're going to have to do something about it.
This morning has me just a smidge Twitter-painted.
Oh, now be calm, Ned.
But be afraid also,
tremendously afraid,
for the day of reckoning is upon us.
Oh!
Now!
We're heading across the river
to wash your sins away in the tide.
It's all so peaceful
on the other side.
Forget the troubles,
come on, get happy.
You better chase all your cares,
they never take you away.
Shout alleluia,
come on get happy.
Get ready for the judgement day.
Arrg ты что?
?
Arrg ты что?
Arrp juste к тебе!
Ап ÆртOrчь я совтевший?
Cra carbohydrate,
wrap-lover,
æ't chửыр ен leastoneade,
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
–¶¶
choice, huh? Oh, but there are some among us who aren't sure yet. Maybe they can't quite tell if
they're pink or if they're truly a mutated son of Dobbs. Hell, just send in that membership fee,
and whether you're pink or not, chances are everything will be fine. Hell, those saucers
come with airlocks and torpedo tubes. I'm sure we'll be able to do a little weeding out once
we're airborne. Oh, but that can come later, and hopefully there won't be a lot of weeding to do,
because weeding's hard on a girl's knees. But I don't expect a lot of the wrong kind of people
to be on board if you catch my drift, because they're going to be misreading the flaming signs
in the heavens and trying their brand-ex-apocalyptic solutions until it's too late to turn to Bob.
Oh, but they never have been able to...
figure out how to get it right anyway. Oh, they screw it all up. They can't tell a 999 from a 666,
and I can see how they could mistake our triumphant subgenius Ragnarok for their
cheesy bargain basement Armageddon.
Pfft. Oh, but hey, you putzes, Armageddon tired of waiting for you to get around to it. Your god can't get a...
up to destroy the Sodom and Gomorrah that it has created for itself.
Oh, but Bob's gonna clean house on this cat box, but good. And the mighty wrath of Jehovah One and
Negi and the elder gods and the sex goddesses are just for the overkill. Oh, Bob, great is thy power.
Cream rinse us all in your sweet load and rupture us up into the heavens. Yay, we strip naked,
and light the sacred frop, and implore your mercy upon your believers.
In the days of the end, there shall come from among the race of men a new ruler.
From the chaos of the nations, he will forge peace and security. As one risen from the dead,
he will entrench the world with his sorcery, and at the time appointed, he will take his place in
the very temple of the Lord of Hosts, scattering the true children of the Father over the
face of the whole earth. He is Antichrist.
Worship the one who bears on his head the mark of destiny. Worship the one who involves and
flush the power of divinity.
Worship the one who bears on his head the mark of destiny.
He is the shine of God.
From the chaos of the nations, he rises in power. The mark of the wind on his head.
From the chaos of all nations, wherefore his calling be deterred from the place of the dead.
In the chaos of war, there he's hidden beneath, the fury of battle is seen.
In confusion and terror,
he abolishes the world,
and that is why he is seen.
The old man follows the beast,
searching his own for a plan.
He is the shine of God.
Shine, oh, touch, touch the fan.
Shine, oh, touch, touch the fan.
Oh, look at his face.
This is your God.
God.
God.
God.
Rise up and kick the ground before your God.
God.
Worship this image of your God,
and destroy those denying your true God.
Be marked with the sign of man's God.
His number.
Six of his number.
Six of his number.

This is your God.
This is your God.
Touch the fan.
This is the number of the plan.
Worship the one who bears on his head the mark of destiny
Worship the one who informs and plushes the power of destiny
Worship the number of times
In the sign of God
I don't want to put anybody on guilt trips, and I don't want to frighten people.
But I'm going to tell you something.
If you're listening to a preacher or a group of people that are telling you are saved
and that there's going to be the next Messiah that comes is going to pull you up to him and you're leaving,
that Messiah is Satan.
He is Antichrist.
And if you think you're saved whoring after Antichrist,
you are sadly misled by your little house of ill repute.
That's a strong statement.
The secret Bible has thousands of followers.
What is it?
The secret Bible has thousands of followers.
The secret Bible has thousands of followers.
The secret Bible has thousands of followers.
The secret Bible has thousands of followers.
We hear a great deal today about the end of the world.
When is it going to come?
Some have been so presumptuous as to set dates.
And as a result, people have sold their worldly goods,
gone to a mountaintop somewhere,
and waited for the end of the world to come.
I have no doubt that it will be in this generation,
No man knows the day, but it's going to happen in this generation.
How you fix for blades, friend?
They say it could be within 18 months.
Not my dates, but supposing they're right.
Let's get ready.
These are serious times.
There is now evidence to support the view that the Middle East moment of truth could come as early as the second half of 1998.
Have you heard?
It's in the stars.
Next July.
We collide with Mars.
Well, did you ever?
What a swell party, a swell party, a swelligant elegant party this is.
God forbid.
We'll be doing another telephone call in very soon after July the 4th.
So, stand by for it.
And I'm not, you're going to do it.
You must.
We've got to make a stand.
I'll be, we'll be showing some numbers and we're going to be going to work pretty soon.
You bet we're going to fight.
All right?
Dear Lord, if you spare this town from becoming a smoking hole in the ground, I'll try to be a better Christian.
I don't know what I can do.
Um, ooh, the next time there's a canned food drive, I'll give the poor something they'd actually like instead of old lima beans and pumpkin mix.
One minute to core meltdown.
Shut up!
Sir, there may never be another time to say I love you, sir.
Oh, hot dog.
Thank you for making my last few moments on Earth socially awkward.
Looks like this is the end.
That's all right.
I couldn't have led a richer life.
After the meltdown, we can expect roving bands...
I don't like this program.
...danger jam.
...traffic for hours.
We are a fortune!
This is all your fault!
Okay, gotta pick a button, pick a button, pick a button.
No, one potato, two potato, three potato, four, no, wait!
Bubblegum, bubblegum, in it it!
How many pieces do you want?
No, no!
Thirty seconds to core meltdown.
Oh, Smithers, I guess there's nothing left to do but kiss my sorry ass goodbye.
May I, sir?
Mm.
These unfortunate people here will be instantly killed.
This circle, which I am sad to say we are in, will experience a slower, considerably more painful death.
Good Lord!
They called me old-fashioned for teaching the duck and cover method, but who's laughing now?
He's duck and cover, duck and cover.
He did what we all must learn to do.
You and you and you and you.
Duck and cover.
Be sure and remember what Bert the Turtle just did, friends, because every one of us must remember to do the same thing.
Remember what to do, friends.
Now tell me right out loud.
What are you supposed to do when you see the Flash?
No!
No!
Fifteen seconds to core meltdown.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.
Catch a tiger by the toe.
If he hollers, let him go.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.
Whoa!
What?
I bought the lens!
What?
I bought the lens!
What?
I bought the lens!
What?
I bought the lens!
What?
I bought the lens!

I bought the lens!
Wait a minute.
Statue of Liberty.
That was our planet!
You maniacs!
You blew it up!
Damn you!
Damn you all to hell!
Thank you, I'm afraid that's all we have for you.
There is going to be a judgement caused by radiation through atomic weaponry in the days that are ahead.
Oh yes, we need to be so prepared, don't we?
I purchased the Hale-Bopp Comet Eclipse update tape.
Is there another book that I need to be through in my study?
Not too good.
Are we going to Black Angus?
Well, you might say we're going to the best steakhouse in the whole universe.
So we're not going to Black Angus.
Will you leave me alone?
It's bad enough you're making me go to your stupid judgement day.
Please, Lisa.
I don't know exactly what's going to happen, but I really wish we could make peace before sunset.
Nothing is going to happen, Mom.
I hate to disappoint you, but the world is not coming to an end.
The tools of conquest do not necessarily come with bombs and explosives.
There are weapons that are simply thoughts, attitudes, prejudices, to be found only in the minds of men.
For the record, prejudices can kill, and suspicion can destroy.
And a thoughtless, frightened search for a scapegoat has a fallout all of its own.
That's all you need.
Doug from Idaho.
Under ordinary circumstances, I would never deny Jesus.
But under physical torture, I'm afraid I would break down, strapped to a table with someone sticking needles in my eyes.
Now, wait a minute.
Whoa, hold the phone.
What kind of a false Christ is supposed to be coming that loves and saves souls?
Now, how many people would he see if he took you, Doug, and said, let's strap old Doug down and poke his eyes out and save his soul?
Now, next we have a figure who is as legendary, in fact, more so than Jane or Hyperclete.
He, too, comes from the wild subgenius hinterland.
In the old and golden days, he used to hurl his lances in the sun, whistle back the parrot's call, and leap the rainbows of the brooks.
He would catch the wild goat by the hair as he bounded from crag to crag.
But then...
Time hit him, and the incredible burden of subgenius knowledge, and he became the sleazy, rum-soaked reprobate and terrifying psychopath we know today.
There is a word, a control word, I'm supposed to say, which will render him harmless, but honestly, I can't remember it.
Maybe I will during his performance.
At any rate, please put your maxillipeds together for the incomparable Pope Sturgeon.
He's a traveling man, and he'll be traveling on the traveling microphone.
The original Sturgeon!
Sturgeon!
Sturgeon!
Sturgeon!
Sturgeon!
Give me a K!
Say!
Give me an I!
I!
Give me an L!
L!
Give me an L!
L!
What's that spell?
L!
Give me a P!
P!
Give me an I!
I!
Give me an N!
N!
Give me a K!
K!
Give me an S!
S!
What's that spell?
S!
Now put it together and what do you got, children?
Kill pigs!
Kill pigs!
Kill pigs!
Now each one of you tonight has just most eloquently elucidated one of the three reasons we're here in Portland tonight.
We're here in Portland tonight.


We're here to kill pigs.
We're here to smash the conspiracy.
And we're here to praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Now I am Reverend Sternodot, the pope of all Arkansas.
And I pit the goddamn terror of the fucking gods out there.
Out of my nose.
Pardon my language, but...
Yee-haw!
Let the sons of God and man bear witness!
I port the devil to prove my fitness!
I'm armed and loaded!
I'm a fission reactor!
I don't consider mortality to be a factor.
And I proved that the anti-virgins weren't so posh when I gave her a high-protein tonsil wash.
I have the evil eye!
I carry mojo bags!
I tire out Jesus with my frock jags!
I sire retarded space bastards across the cosmos.
When I drop my drawers, even Mother Nature follows.
I eat black holes for breakfast!
I steer my own evolution!
I think backwards, Bubba!
That's my solution!
So step aside, all you butt-lips!
I'm a crime-fightin' master criminal thug-eat-jeans!
I'll freeze your seed before it hits the bed!
I have a triple backbone!
I eat my dead!
I swam the Bermuda Triangle!
And didn't get wet!
I fart plutonium!
I drink my sweat!
I achieved nirvana!
And took it home with me!
And I'm here to tell you, it ain't worth pee!
I've been crowbarred with my measles!
I eat eggs!
I leaped a plate from my nether parts!
And that's a fact!
I'm the big-footed devil of level 17!
I communicate, baby, without wires or strings!
I cram coca leaves right into my arm veins!
I'm a screamer!
I'm a lapper!
I've got six brains!
I'm insured for acts of God and Satan!
I bleed my lizard and keep time waitin'!
I'm fuel-injected!
I'll live forever!
I ran him out of heaven with a knee-glee lever!
They call me 666, and that's just fine!
But I'm here to tell you tonight, children, that my slack factor is 999!
Now, children, before I proceed with tonight's sermon,
I would just like to state here briefly and for the record
that my fellow doctors for Bob and myself gathered here in Portland, Oregon tonight
are all members, in good standing, of a church.
But not just any church, for the church to which we belong
just happens to be, beyond a shadow of a doubt, the world's only bogus true religion!
Of course, I am referring to the church of the subgenius!
Now, the church of the subgenius, as founded by J.R. Bob Dobbs,
the saint of sales and master of slack in 1953,
is the pan-religion of the future!
Uniting superior mutants, social renegades, twisted geniuses,
and sci-fi sinners in a worldwide rampage of immoral and prophetic yucks and grins!
Yucks and grins which will hopefully, inevitably, lead us directly to a commodity all too lacking
in today's modern, jet-age-a-go-go society, and that commodity, friends, is slack!
Now, slack is what the conspiracy wants to take away from us!
Slack is what the conspiracy wants to deprive us of!
Slack is our way of grabbing life by the lapel!
And Bob loving it!
Now, back in the 50s, children, Bob himself noticed,
a decided lack of slack in our culture!
He noticed an awful prevalence of normalcy!
He noticed that the normals formed a vast conspiracy against the different!
And insidious conspiracy children, dedicated to squelching our natural rogue instincts,
dedicated to wiping out our fun factory,
dedicated to obliterating our right to pee freely,
dedicated to trouncing on our inalienable right to launch golfer heads in our public schools!
Well, Bob wanted to fight this conspiracy, ladies and gentlemen,
and what better way, I ask ye, than by the foundation of a major, new, world, religion!
Hence, the Church of the Subgenius!
Praise Bob!
Help me, somebody!
Now, children, I live in Arkansas.
What the fuck?!
Way down at the end of this dirt road, when it rains real hard sometimes,
my driveway gets washed out.
And when that happens, I give, or I used to give, Otis a call.
Otis was a po-bucker.
Otis had a bulldozer.
And I would say, Otis, my driveway's looking like the Grand Canyon, you're gonna have to come fix it.
So my driveway got washed out, and I gave Otis a call, and said, Otis, you need to bring your bulldozer over.
And as fate would have it, that morning, I had received in the mail,
one of those body modification magazines.
And there, prominently featured in this body modification magazine,
was a very peculiar and singular body modification known as a subincision, or a metotomy.
Does anyone know what a subincision is?
What a subincision is, is, a guy takes a scalpel or a knife,
and he cuts his dick open, all the way up to the urethra,
peels it apart, lets it heal in two distinct flaps.
Well, this magazine had a two-page full-color spread of a subincision,
and I thought, this would be a good way to freak Otis out.
So I said, hey Otis, come up here, I want to show you something.
So Otis put down his two quarts of Diet Dr. Pepper, his large package of Twinkies,
spat out his tobacco, waddled up to the porch, and I said, hey Otis,
why do you think a man would do this to his own dick?
Well, Otis didn't hesitate one millisecond, children.
He looked at that picture, he looked me in the eye, and he said,
cause he's a dumbass.
Yeah! Children, I was still, I was astonished.
There, from the mouth of that barely literate, ill-educated povoker,
was the wisdom of the ages.
And the more I thought about what he said, the more I realized what he'd hit upon.
Why did that pig boy cut me off?
Because he was a dumbass!
Why did that waitress fuck up my breakfast order this morning?
Why did she bring me my eggs scrambled when I plainly ordered them magnetized?
Why did she do that, children?
Cause she's a dumbass!
Now children, I want to ask you, why in hell would anyone not send their thirty dollars
to a prostitute?



What's a bob? Why?
Hell yes!
Speaking of dumbasses, I often have the problem, people walk up to me and say,
well, Reverend Sternow, how do I know there is a bob?
How do I even know bob exists?
Well children, I'm going to tell you what to say to people like that,
because right here on this stage, right now,
I can prove the existence of J.R. Bob Dobbs using nothing but pure logic.
So the next time some doubting Thomas or Thomasina professes a disbelief in bob,
here's what you say.
If Jesus smoked Marlboro, there could be no bob.
If Jesus smoked Winstons, there could be no bob.
If Jesus smoked Kool, there could be no bob.
But children, Jesus doesn't smoke Marlboros, Winstons, or Kools.
What kind of cigarettes does Jesus smoke, children?
What kind does he smoke, children?
That's right! Jesus smoked Chesterfields, therefore there is a bob!
Winstons!
Now children,
as in any other major world religion,
the Church of the Subgenius has certain inalienable tenets,
certain basic precepts around which a life philosophy can be formed,
the most important of which are, number one,
the subgenius must have slack!
What must he have? Slack!
What must he have? Slack!
What must he have? Slack!
He must have slack!
Now the next rule of the Church of the Subgenius is,
and this is one that a lot of religions, particularly the Christians, really get into,
the next rule of the Church of the Subgenius is,
we don't practice what we preach,
because we're not the kind of people we're preaching to!
Now have you ever heard another church with the guts to admit that most basic of all religious principles?
Children say no!
No!
Children say no!
No!
Thank you children! Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
And the last rule of the Church of the Subgenius I'd like to mention tonight is,
anybody you see driving a Lexus doesn't deserve it.
You deserve it and you deserve it and you deserve it and I deserve it.
They don't deserve it.
Do they deserve it? Say no!
No!
Do they deserve it? Say no!
No!
Do you deserve it? Say yes!
Yes!
Thank you children. Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Now the last rule of the Church of the Subgenius,
the last rule of the Church of the Subgenius I'd like to mention tonight, children,
is perhaps the most important rule of all,
or the final rule of the Church of the Subgenius.
The ultimate rule of the Church of the Subgenius is...
What's the big idea?
To paraphrase, the rule is,
if they cannot take a joke, then let them mount up upon themselves, friends.
If you are what they call different,
if you think...
we're entering a new dark ages,
if you view the entire universe
as one vast, morbid, cosmic joke,
if you are searching for an inherently bogus religion
that will condone superior degeneracy
and tell you that you are above everyone else,
the most important of all, children,
the most important,
if you can help us with a donation,
then the Church of the Subgenius may just provide you with the slack you've been lacking.
Now I'd like to finalize tonight here, children,
with a quote from Bob himself.
As he wrote in the Econometon,
the book of Neuronomics,
verse 16 in chapter 12,
the word S
is for the...
suckers
that live all around.
U is for you.
They're always putting you down.
B is for Bob.
He gives us our bread.
G is for the guns
they put to your head.
E is for the unit
they want you to become.
N is for nuts.
They wish they had some.
I is for the eye
in the back of my head.
U is for us.
They want to see us dead.
S is for the shit
that flows all around.
I'm a subgenius, mother...
and I ain't no...
clown.
I'm a subgenius, mother...


winning one place.

What's he say to us,
and children of mankind?
Vermont!
Te mismo!
Less look-guys!
V hyanour on d'aé...
Vietnam's flag 높.
I act as corpse bait,
here, praying on a limb,


God rest their feet.
Why say we should take
blood, seeds and bread for empty bodies,
after they were to sell them?
Draw.
Well, friends, I just about forgot to mention...
Darn it, the phone's ringing now.
Well, that's just one of the hazards of doing your radio show from your home, dear friends.
And I'd just about like to forget that Negative Land should be credited there.
Negative Land actually... Negative Land is five or six guys, and in this case it was Mark Hosler,
with a couple of local friends, Reverend Bunny Boy, and another guy I can't remember who did the sound effects
and music backup for Pope Sternodoc's amazing, really, really impressive subgenius rant,
which I should mention, oh, this is Sternodoc playing bass in the background, too.
Doctor's for Bob.
I should mention that that rant he did was actually a compilation of some of the classic old-timey subgenius rants,
The Brag by yours truly.
Sternod himself, I think, penned the explanation, and because he's a dumbass,
the rules are based on Pope David N. Meyer's classic rules of the Church of the Subgenius Rant,
and the final thing subgenius was actually Brother Cleve Duncan.
Praise Bob, Sternodoc just skimmed the finest cream right off the top.

Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!

Mmm!
Mmm!




Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!














Mmm!



Mmmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!
Mmm!

Ooooh, right.





























That's ridiculous. You know what this stuff does to you?
It actually weakens your will.
Takes away the capacity for free and creative thought
and makes you a slave to the state.
Don't you ever wonder about all these militia groups?
Survivalist-type kooks on the right-wing side?
They say that they're defending the country from the UN troops.
These guys are yelling so loud, my theory is,
and this is a conspiracy, pal,
that they are the UN troops and that they're in place.
The infrastructure's ready, it's just a fading off.
When the time comes, they'll just take over and we'll all be toast.
Oswald, yeah, Oswald, that's what I said, Oswald.
He said, I'm just a patsy, and that means that he didn't do it.
But this, I think this is what's been causing the problem.
I mean, this is the third issue this year.
Conspiracy theory, I give you conspiracy theory.
It's a... This is my newsletter.
I think it's got him scared.
You know? I must have hit a nerve with one of those articles in there.
Otherwise, you know, they're pretty pissed off about something, and that's...
The space shuttle site.
The seismic secret.
The Oliver Stone-George Bush connection. Oliver Stone.
Oh, yeah. Sure.
I mean, he's their spokesman.
Yeah. I mean, you think if anyone had the information that he's got
and had a national podium to shout it from,
that they'd actually let him do it?
No, it's quite clear that he's a disinformation junkie for them.
The fact that he's still alive says it all.
I mean, he probably should be dead, but he's not.
Can you prove any of this?
Oh. No. Absolutely not.
A good conspiracy is an unprovable one.
If you can prove it, I mean, they must have screwed up somewhere along the line,
and if that's the case, well...
They?
They.
Yeah.
They who?
They. Well, they...
I... I don't know. That's why they call them they.
And... and... them, you know?
And where does Jonas fit in?
Oh, he's one of they. He's one of them. He's them.
I mean, for sure. I mean, I know.
They... them?
Them.
I suppose they have a secret handshake.
Yeah.
Well... well, no. How would I know?
I'm just... I'm not one of them. I'm just, you know, horsing around.
Well, that was way underground, Daddy-O.
I mean, that was like, you know... I don't know...
Williamsburg, is that still happy? That's kind of passé.
Now, where do all the ultra-weirdos go now?
I was playing with the Williamsburg Leprechauns.
Yeah. Did I...
Yeah.
What was the deal on that? They were running the place.

Yeah, they were running that place for years. That's how they got it on TV.
You got... you got it on footage, Nick?
Oh, sure.
Oh, man. How do you get it off your feet like that?
Well...
That's a soulful thing that he does.
No, I mean, really. You saw them?
Yeah, yeah, no, no. I was there. Yeah, yeah.
Actually, Dave... Dave has been spirit-channeling.
The whole Williamsburg Leprechaun thing was... shoot, that was...
Oh, God, you know, Liddy and all those people.
Gordon Liddy was involved on it?
Sure. Of course.
What was he doing like that?
Anybody in Virginia, you know...
Oh, geez, man. We're talking about a pretty X-rated connection there with the 700 Club and the Dirty Money and the Slush.
Sure. Yeah.
Boy, well, you said it on this here air right now, didn't you, Bleep? I mean, it's...
Do you think I don't remember?
Well, I hope you better look out your window tonight if you keep on talking about it. You know what I'm saying?
Oh, I'm not really talking about it. That's the whole thing.
We're just alluding to it vacuously.
Right, right, right.
But it... it all... look.
It always knows what you're thinking.
It's always thinking anyway.
Yeah, that's the problem.
So you might as well just like, you know, as we used to say in college back in the fraternity, in the secret fraternity, embrace the tentacle.
Embrace the tentacle and then the tentacle flows away from you.
And just let it suck everything out of you? I mean, come on, man. I mean...
Well, yeah, but by the time it does that, you know, you're it. You don't care, you know?
I don't know. Maybe it's a New York thing again.
What, letting it... just letting the tentacle suck everything out of you? That's a New York thing?
Come on, man. Take a ride to...
Or a car symphony or something or... or a net con or someplace.
It's the woo weed!
No, no, no, no. Look, look, look, look.
Path of least resistance, the woo weed.
There's so many tentacles anyway...
Yeah.
...that if you embrace it enough...
Yeah.
...if you embrace the tentacle and stroke it enough, it thinks it's sucking more out of you than it is.
But it's not really.
Well...
But it lets up some then, Dave. You see?
It's a whole combination where you... you increase your tolerance for being sucked and it...
...at the same time, that one tentacle, if you... if you get... become into... it's a matter of being in a depth with this thing, you know?
Learning to drive it, as we call it.
If you learn how to drive the tentacle, it... it... it doesn't... you know, it eventually starts seeking more nourishment elsewhere without knowing it.
Dude, do you get a license or you gotta take a test or anything like that? Because I'm bad with numbers and stuff.
Well, you know, you train... it's like a tantric thing. You have to train yourself with prairie squid.
You go... you go all the way up the ladder, man? I mean, you know, you're one of them guys who go all the way with a prairie squid, all the way up to the top?
Well, sure.
Shit, man.
If you can't climb the ladder, then you shouldn't be taking the stairs.
Well, I... I really can't get...

I can't get it past good old number two, if you know what I mean.
Well, if you can't climb the ladder, you shouldn't be taking the stairs. And you can write that down, kids.
Okay, well, I...
That's what I always said and that's what I...
Is that like a...
...still ascertained?
...bleepoism?
That's a truism...
Yeah, yeah.
...but it's also a falsity or a... a paraphrase.
False, yes.
But if we'd write it down, perhaps it would get... it would accrue more value as it sat on paper.
Yes.
But I... I don't...
As is often the case.
It's often the case.
It's like... it's like when you think that someone else is in charge and then you look down and realize the steering wheel is in your hands.
And you... you errantly look off and drive out of the parkway onto a bridge and get killed.
Yeah, right.
Well...
That's the way I look at it, too.
Just a little ball of meat in a metal can.
Well, you become... but again, you become... you have to hurdle that ball of meat.
Oh, no.
You have to be a self-hurdling ball of meat.
Oh, no.
Sweetness.
Oh.
You know what I'm saying?
No, of course.
You hear me?
As you're... as you're... as you're hurdling your meat self forward, you know...
I... I...
I sense a song coming on, man.
Are you gonna give us one?
As you sense your...
I'm sorry.
No, no, no.
I didn't hear that one.
No, I thought you were gonna do it.
As you sense your meat going forward, and the car is gray.
May you always look to a word.
Amen.
Amen.
Oh, I forget the rest.
Sing it.
All the... the... the way.
That's right.
That's right.
And then...
All the way back there again.
Sing it first, please.
Yeah, and then there's the whole thing about the spam... not the... it's... it's... it's...
it's the whole luncheon meat announcement.
I don't want to say spam because it's overused.
Yeah, spam's overused, but you could maybe allude to fritters or something.
No, not fritters.
I mean, what do they call it?
Mortadella or sausages.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, little Vienna sausages.
It... it means that the actual substance of stuff stuck together tightly and then re-vacuumed
and then re-stuck together again is pretty much what we're in right now.
And it's getting thicker or something.
Yeah.
I don't...
El Nino's just one example of it, too.
Yeah.
It's...
I mean, that whole thing, coming down the pike like that.
And why did it come down the...
It's stuck in your wall of meat self.
At me.
And you, personally.
And me.
See, that's the thing.
It's got a monogram, Daddy.
And you.
You're me.
I'm you.
And so that's why I come after all of you.
Because you are me and I am you.
We are not together because I am paranoid.
We are not together but I'm paranoid.
And listeners out there in Radio Land, we are all of you and you are us, too.
We are...
But that... you knew that.
I didn't have to... that was just stupid.
That was baby stuff for me to tell you that.
I know, but I'm still devastated because I can't really remember very much of it.
I know, but I'm still devastated because I can't really remember very much of it.
You know, I studied for so many years at the smelly feet of the masters and...
Yeah.
And now what do I wake up with but a headache and a few bad, you know, a few bad memories.
You know, it's just not right.
I mean, I think it's not right.
I think it's not right.
But...
But I can think we is gonna sing about 83D Squids.
Oh, man, we're all gonna sing it.
Dave, come on.
Does Bleepo have a copy, too?
Yes.
No, Bleepo doesn't have a copy.
He can sing along.
Hey, man, why...
But the chorus goes like this, Bleepo.
Okay.
83D Squids...
Oh, he'll get it.
Falling from the sky, 83D Squids, man, they get me so high.
I think that's a drug reference.
83D Squids, now they're falling.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
83D Squids, I got...
I got them head to toe.
But that changes in each chorus, so you'll just...
You'll feel it, Bleepo.
Is this the Bob Denver version?
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey, mine's written in Russian.
This is a...
One, two...
Oh, it's upside down.
One, two, three, four.
83D Squids...
Falling from the sky, 83D Squids...
They put me in the eye.
We don't need a drum meet.
83D Squids...
Yeah, we do.
Gave me real good love.
83D Squids...

83D Squids...
But can Bleepo hear the beat?
I don't know.
He can feel it, man.
Come on.
I can hear the music.
He can feel the beat from a trans...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's not transcon.
Is this a beat?
Is this a bass beat?
Well, if he can hear the music...
If you can hear the music, he'll be able to.
Afro-Norwegian kind of...
I hear that.
Afro-Norwegian kind of...
He can hear it.
He can hear it.
A one, a two, a one, two, three, four.
83D Squids, falling from the sky, 83D Squids, man, they get me so high.
83D Squids, now they're falling, oh, no, 83D Squids, come on, let's go.
We were driving down the road.
Something started to snow.
Well, it looked like nothing unknown that we had ever seen before.
Came to flow.
83D Squids, falling from the sky.
83D Squids.
83D Squids.




















83-D squid.
83-D squid.
83-D squid.
83-D squid.
83-D squid.
I got him head to toe.
I'm afraid this child's covered with 83-D squid, doctor.
Look at them wiggly squids.
We pulled off to the side.
We just knew they wanted to ride.
The sweetest squid you'll ever know.
Blow you right through the door.
83-D squids falling from the sky.
83-D squids.
83-D squids.
83-D squids.

Now they're falling, oh no.
83-D squids.
Here comes a tentacle.
No, no, it's two.
Three.
Watch out, there's three or four squids over there.
Oh my God, one of them is a great squid.
It's okay, embrace the tentacle, boys, embrace the tentacle.
Embrace the tentacle.
Oh yeah.
Okay, embrace the squid.
Come on, officers, on your knees.
Oh, don't it feel good?
I always embrace the squid back at the station house.
I said, if you're ever out on your ride,
don't think you have to hide.
Oh.
Is that right, captain?
Oh, oh.
I want you to see some hairy pink, pink snow.
Coming down.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, no, no.
Coming down from the sky.
Just pull out, oh, let them come inside.
Falling prairie quid is the best, best kind.
And you sub-dinies enjoy the ride in the M83-D squids.
They're only getting bigger.
83-D squids.
One of them is your sister.
83-D squids.
It's all right, it's all right.
No, no.
83-D squids.
Now, that's slack galore.
83-D squids.
Get me some.
Oh, 83-D squids.
They're falling from the sky.
83-D squids.
Come on.
83-D squids.
I can't believe it, mom.
I can't believe we got this far.
I can't believe we got this far.
There.
Hmm.
Don't congratulate yourself yet.
We still have the squids to get you.







