It is later than you think.
From Hollywood.
From Hollywood.
Club, if I had not read The Origin of the Species by Darwin,
I could not bear to be descended from an ape.
Certainly I understand.
Too ghastly to bear you.
And this is B.S. New York.
10 p.m. B.S. time.
America runs on B.S. time.
Who knows what evil lurks in the evil hearts of evil men?
Yes, master.
You're to do nothing.
Let your mind kill.
Kill.
Kill.
Kill.
Kill.
Kill.
Kill.
Kill.

Kill.
Kill.
Kill.
Is there anything wrong in that, Commissioner?
No, no, I like death.
The bomb will start a chain reaction in the water.
Converting it all to gas and letting all the ships on all the oceans drop down to the bottom.
It will blow out the bottom of the sea and let all the water run down the hole.
It will destroy gravity.
I am an atomic playboy, exploding these bombs to satisfy my personal whim.
He's in there.
Well, would you tell him he's won 47 million dollars?
Right.
Well...
47 million.
I'll get him.
I think that cartoonists and editors have a responsibility to be irresponsible.
Whenever I'm drawing a Catholic,
I try and draw Jesus Christ in a position to make pedophilia.
Peace be upon him.
Well, but they were using violent violence.
That's valid.
Islam is hateful.
Islam is violent.
Islam is burning people.
That's fine.
I enjoy that.
The sheer grotesque violence, of course, we all agree with that.
So to wrong is make her right.
Aha!
Aha!
Aha!
Aha!
Well, bless my soul, what's wrong with me?
I took some crank and some LSD.
I drank poor wine from a big brown jug.
I'm on drugs.
I'm all fucked up.
Hey, hey, hey.
Well, my hands are shaky and my knees are weak.
The smack I shot is about to peak.
I think I need to have my stomach pumped.
I'm on drugs.
I'm all fucked up.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, hey, hey.
Well, please don't ask me what I hear and see.
Because there's a big brown sausage and it's talking to me.
Well, I sweat and I think if I forget to breathe.
My heart will stop and all my fans will grieve.
Well, it took 12 pills so I could come on down.
I even drank a six-pack of Royal Crown.
And then I ate a Reese's peanut butter cup.
I took drugs.
I'm all fucked up.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, hey, hey.
Well, my tongue gets swollen and my eyes bug out.
I don't even know what the hell I'm talking about.
There's only one cure that'll ease my mind.
I'm gonna take a big crap on that epocillinamine.
Well, the touch of my butt and what a chill I got.
My heart seized up from an old blood clot.
Who'd ever have thought this is where I dropped my took drugs?
Oh.
Uh-uh.
Uh-huh.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm all fucked up.
All fucked up.
Dear friends, by...
Great Reverend Phineas Narco.
And you can download entire hour-long shows full of mixes and cut-ups by him
from this website, nationalcynical.com.
We've been hearing a bunch of random stimpy cut-ups
thanks to Reverend New Monet who posted those.
And we've heard some Norrell Preff, but mostly Fernanda Nande-Lemur.
Friends?
This is Hour of Slack number 1036.
But now, let's have some of WCSB's radio synesthesia from Cleveland
from February 12th after the fuss over the Danish cartoons about Muhammad.
You know, it's funny.
You were talking about the cartoons, the Muslim cartoons getting people so upset.
Right.
And nobody sent me any cartoons of Jesus.
Or Bob, for that matter.
Well, I'm sorry about that.
There certainly are plenty of them out there.
Well, let me...
See, I'm trying to make sure that the Postal Service has some business.
You know, I'm trying to make sure that Hughes gets to keep his job, you know,
by making people patronize the Postal Service and send us these things in the mail.
To WCSB, Rhodes Tower, 956-2121 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio 44115.
Attention.
Yeah, Box 20.
Box 70, I guess.
What was that address again?
That was WCSB, Rhodes Tower, 956-2121 Euclid Avenue, Cleveland, Ohio 44115.
And actually, another important number that people need to know is 217.
I'm going to add a caller here, actually.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello.
I think I just missed what the...
Is Reverend Ivan Strang's been on there?
Has he?
This is the man who...
Who did those cartoons about me, and I want his head brought to me on a silver platter.
Well, I think we've already got the head prepared here.
It's been mummified.
On a nest of boogers.
It's been mummified along the rituals and the rites and the symbology used for all the ancient ones
who've had their heads preserved and who are prayed to and who are used for oracles.
I've been making my living mocking religions.
How come nobody's killed me yet?
You know, if you like, I can issue a fox law against you.
If you like.
What?
I can issue a fatwa against you if you like.
Maybe the problem is that you haven't been offensive enough...
Maybe the problem is that you haven't been offensive enough to Islam.
Because really, out in the Muslim world, you know, I mean, people take those things much more seriously.
Well, they were never in our faith.
Maybe you need to, you know, draw some cartoons of Bob penetrating Mohammed from behind, perhaps.
It's opposite, Dr. Strang.
His religion, the religion, is the opposite of Islam or even fundamentalist.
Many...
Many brands of Christianity which say, thou shall not have graven images.
And this is why they get offended when they see crucifixes, too.
You can't have a prophet portrayed in any way that's...
You can't have a prophet portrayed.
Now, Strang, on the other hand, wants you to put, like, objects in the anus of Bob, you know, and...
Yeah, we want him painted...
By eight canvases and stuff.
Yeah, layer upon layer.
Paint him every day.
Paint that idol.
And especially in verbiage, you know, the more insulting you are to the man...
Disrespect the prophet as much as possible.
He's not a prophet.
He's a freak.
He's not even a real freaking avatar.
He's a money-lusting, you know, one of those guys with a thing hanging out of his nose...
You're talking about Bob?
...that's not really part of his brain.
Yeah.
Now, I can see why Mohammed would not want his...
Might not want his picture taken or...
He was trying to protect his privacy.
I mean...
Well, and also, you know, when it's left to your imagination, then it's what you most want.
You know, when you can't really see Big Brother...
When it's left to your imagination...
You can't really see Big Brother.
You can't really see Big Brother.


...what Big Brother looks like.
Then he really looks like Big Brother.
Honestly, when I was a kid, I couldn't...
You know, it was left to the imagination, like, what Santa Claus really looks like.
You never actually see him.
Oh, yeah.
What?
And I just assumed he was like...
Well, you know, you see the fake mall Santa, of course.
But, you know, I was a little trying to think of, like, what the real one actually looked like.
And I couldn't picture it.
It was like a cartoon or something.
Or the bunny.
The bunny?
You're talking about something that really struck me very deeply tonight.
I think they embed psychosubliminal...
embeds of squares of some kind in people's heads with Frosty the Snowman,
who scared the living bedobs out of me as a young girth.
I was very small and trapped in a small room
and forced to watch these public service announcements about,
remember, if the snow is above your neck, you're probably not breathing anymore and all this stuff.
How's the weather out there?
It's...
It's delightful.
Do you still breathe?
I just came back from a little skating romp around to the neighborhood store,
I skated down to the neighborhood store,
and then I cross-country skied to a massage parlor and had my doodad erected.
You know, my profit friends tell me that as soon as we have a really big cold snap in this country,
all the power goes down and it won't be able to come back,
and it'll be a downhill slide from there.
That will signal the end of America as we know it.
Or at least up in this part of the country.
Well, it doesn't take a profit to figure that out.
I mean...
I mean, if you really dramatically change the weather enough,
that really is going to dramatically change everything else.
Well, the ice age is coming back anyway.
We're going to have glaciers here.
I don't know.
There's no way to stop that.
We may have contiguous glaciers and palm trees in a delightful setting we'll call the Frozen Oasis.
At the same time, though, the polar ice caps are melting at the same time, though.
And they're regenerating in Tierra del Fuego.
Oh, sure.
We may have Waterworld first.
I'm talking about...
Not on the long range.
We're on a slope slide back into, you know...
You're talking like 10, 20, 30,000 years from now.
Everybody conjectures so fondly about tribalism once this all occurs.
Has it occurred to anybody yet?
We might not be any survivors of any kind and that the exes or any of their friends or even their distributors...
Conjectured?
Hell, that's given.
Unfortunately.
That's a known.
On a platter like a pile of dung, I think.
Yeah, no, that's...
You better have that saucer.
Take it in your pocket.
You're either on the saucers or you're off the saucers.
Or you'll be wearing one of those dog collars that hurts.
That's right.
You better wear that collar, that alien collar around your neck that keeps you thinking right.
Now, is it true that they expect to make those radio devices that everybody's going to have on the soles of their feet if you take them off?
They don't have to yet because they're listening right now.
Listen to them listening.
You can hear them.
I know there are people listening to us right now as we speak.
Even especially the ones in their cars.
Oh, yes.
My heart goes out to you, listener, in the car right now.
Especially...
My heart goes out.
Do you feel it?
If Stang only had a heart, it would probably get all the way out of the studio and down to maybe around Superior.
My heart's actually fine.
It's my soul that is in hock.
Yeah, and we know there's one person listening through the FUBAR 2000 client, which I've never heard of.
Well, I could do that.
It's called FUBAR.
It's called a monitoring device.
That could be Bob.
You know who you are.
You're listening.
That could be J.R. Bob Dobson.
It could be.
So we're going to...
Through the FUBAR.
FUBAR.
Superstar.
You see.
Because I'm a well-groomed model citizen.
I said I'm a well-liked model citizen.
And I never parked my car in a handicapped space.
I take my chances with a lot of enclosed cliches
I keep an eye on my neighbors and so-called friends
Cause I'm always on alert, yes, I'm always on edge
I buy insurance just in case it may rain someday
And I put everything I can in a 401k
Work through war, kill some souls as an innocent man
I follow orders and I follow the latest trends
Cause I'm a well-trained model citizen
I said I'm a self-made model citizen
I'm just that kind of guy
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
And now, the news.
Yes?
Since my sabbatical in the Amazon, my head's been inhabited by a friendly parasite named Choo-Choo Nong-Nong Head.
Well, isn't that a coinkydink?
Come and get it!
Uh-oh. An unexpected complication has arisen in the form of a rival lummox, our friend the Booger Red.
Hey, Stimpy. I have a little confession to make.
And I...
While you're asleep...
I polished my boots.
To your tongue!
That's okay, Ren. I was really asleep.
What? Are you crazy?
He ripes, man!
Cripes! I'll get right on it. Leave everything to me.
That's right. Eat him up good.
Yeah!
Ladies and gentlemen, I, Cornus Cranborn!
And I, Cornus Cranborn!
And I, Cornus Cranborn!
And I, Cornus Cranborn!
And I, Cornus Cranborn!





Our guests right now are the Reverend Ivan Stang and the right, honorable, lonesome cowboy Dave.
We're just shooting the breeze up here.
Two ones.
Yeah, I have no mouth for you from the vest.
If you want to get in on this.
You know, I've been making fun of sacred cows for a living.
They make the best hamburger, don't they?
What a ridiculous sight to live in.
Sacred cows make the best hamburger.
And in this country...
In this country, no, not the Christians.
The most they've ever done is kind of threaten to not pray for us.
Or threaten to pray.
Or threaten to...
The white supremacists have actually threatened to kill us, I'll say that.
You know what, I've heard...
Thanks be for that.
Yeah, but the, you're right, we never picked on the Muslim community much,
partly because we were simply kind of ignorant.
Yes, and you're...
I'll admit, you know.
Yeah, I would advise you to come up with something.
You know, you could come up with something really offensive and send it to the Grand Ayatollah of Iran.
Well, actually, I believe that some of the pictures that you described,
the offensive pictures you described, exist right now somewhere on sub-site.
I will eventually be able to tell where they are, because I have to dig through all that stuff.
You've already mentioned hand grenade-laden Jesus, have you not?
Yeah.
As an icon.
Dr. Legem has done artwork on there that's offensive enough to kill somebody over.
I don't see why Pat Roberts has issued a fatwa on your small head.
Right, he put a fatwa on the president of Venezuela.
And numerous other people.
He thinks God should strike them dead.
So why doesn't God strike you dead?
Especially like Ariel Sharon, who, he's like a...
He's like a...
By the way, Colin, you're on the air.
Welcome.
Yes, you know, Ariel Sharon, he's got two feet of large intestine missing.
Is that Ragnar?
That is Ragnar.
And they're reselling it.
Two on the black market.
Think of all the money they're going to make off Ariel Sharon's left intestine.
They want to make some chitlins out of them.
If anybody is listening who can get that stuff, I've got a little bit of the McKenna brain.
Ooh, they saved McKenna's brain.
You can get pretty high off McKenna's brain.
A little bit.
And as far as I know, it's just about the last in the world.
Man, put that in your pipe.
I'm looking for some of that colon.
Not for me.
Not for me.
I'm nothing...
Sure.
You know, nothing weird about old Reverend Stang, they always say.
All we need is a pair of eyeballs and a couple of feet.
You've got tons of weird things in filimule bags around your house.
Just little members of different body parts of saints and sadhus and prophets and bandoliers.
I've got a couple of Bob's teeth in a shrine in the Bob Museum.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
I'm surprised you haven't seen that.
They're from Puzzling Evidence, aren't they?
No, no, those are the Puzzling Evidence teeth, and someone bought those at X Day.
But, no, I have a couple of Bob's teeth.
Oh, that's right.
When he was a baby.
Not his adult teeth, but little tiny teeth that were passed down in his family.
He had swallowed these teeth, so they were literally passed down out of him when he was a child.
Wow.
And saved and kept in this encrusted container.
But they came out looking better.
That was the freaky thing.
They came out looking better.
Well, unlike Ariel Sharon, Bob's intestine is like a little factory, an olfactory,
that smells out these different little things.
It destroys them.
Like little nano-Bobs.
It converts them into slack.
He sucks your soul through that tube, and after you've been, so to speak, digested,
you're, so to speak, excreted as pure love and slack that radiates out from the Dobbs head of J.R. Bob Dobbs,
that pipe-smoking mystic salesman with that seemingly insane grin.
Not unlike that of a skull, some have said.
Yeah.
Indeed, it does have a very necro-flavor to it, a very, very macabre, and let's say it puts it on the thanatos side.
Like it knows something you don't know, and you better be damn glad you don't know it yet, but you're going to find out.
If you have the right glands.
Like everybody does.
If you have the right glands to make it through the surgery, sure, of course.
You know, some people are not gifted with the alien vertebrae as the adepted masters can be.
Wow.
The buzzing in my head tells me that.
Wow.
Wow.

You should try and sell the holy relics of Bob a little harder, a little faster.
Harder, faster, like that.
Well, there aren't many.
There's a few pieces of the stage on which he was shot and killed the first time,
but then after that, we shot him and killed him so many times that there's so many stages that have splinters that are on sale on eBay.
Bob's blood was spilled upon the splinter.
This painting was done on a chunk of wood from the very stage.
Bob's holy ichor spills upon so forth.
You know, check out eBay.
Google around on eBay and you'll see.
A cherry Kool-Aid squib was, I think, a lot of was.
That's all it was.
And yet people, you know, when they were ready to buy, they bought.
Yeah.
Now, you know, with real blood, they don't seem to even care.
Not anymore.
Not anymore.
And now the funny thing is, if the in the one case where it was really Bob's blood, when the.
The blanks weren't blanks.
The first one, in fact.
Whoever's got those bloodstain planks could, when Jurassic Park technology comes around, clone Bob.
But then that would be the anti-Bob.
Well, and the other somebody's got Hitler's bloodstains somewhere.
Perhaps Bob himself has them.
Someone has bloodstains from Jesus.
The thing is, though, it's going to take a long time to clone Bob.
Because Bob exhibits some genetic abnormalities.
I mean, they've had a hard enough time trying to clone different kinds of mammals.
Right.
Yeah.
I mean, nobody.
It would be a short-lived Bob.
They didn't even manage to clone a sheep until 1997.
And, you know, they're still working on trying to clone humans.
And like human embryos, they still.
Well, in my mind, Dobbs is more simple an organism.
He's like an ur-organism.
He's like a stem cell.
Or a proto-person.
See, what I have understood is that.
You're never going to be able to clone somebody like that because the wave density.
So it's just too strong.
Well, he doesn't.
He has less intelligence, as we reckon intelligence, than a sheep does.
It's his morphic resonance of his shell.
His own body image would be enough to allow the cloning to happen.
Because it would be more the body image that was cloning the spirit of Bob.
And like many other problems.
It would be passed down to each clone because there was some of any of that in the blood that you were cloning from.
Of course, it's.
You need.
Fairly fresh blood.
I understand they're working on mammoth marrow.
Extracting good DNA from mammoth marrow in hopes of impregnating an elephant.
Or gestating a mammoth inside of an elephant.
Yeah, but wasn't the reason the mammoth so hairy was because it was crossbred with the Yeti?
No, that's actually a myth.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
That's a myth told by silly subgenius non-scientists who didn't graduate from Dobbs Down University like I did.
A lot of hot air circulating.
Yeah.
You can believe me.
You can believe Dr. Crankpotsky.
You can believe Dr. Howell.
You can believe that anything Lonesome Cowboy Dave says is a prophecy.
But not necessarily true now.
A grim vision.
Vision.
And you can believe anything Dr. Sinister says about business because he's the business man.
Yes, I'm now the BM up here at WCSB.
The burning man.
The bowel movement.
The bloody monkey.
I've always wanted, yes, I've always wanted to be able to call myself the...
Biggest.
Yeah, not really.
But yeah, now I actually have official other duties up here and it's pretty cool actually.
I get my own office.
It's not my own office.
I share it with two other people actually.
Get my own key to the station.
I now have a key.
He gets in that limo.
He gets the limo and there's that special timeshare deal that they all go out to Tahoe.
There's Furs Unlimited and the Gambling Demo.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it can suck a monkey through 30 feet of garden hose.
What are you gawking at?
Don't you...
People have lives.
You know, you guys look like a couple of geeks to me.
We're geeks.
Oh, yeah?
What does it pay?
Oh, we're union.
All the chicken heads you can eat.
Stimpy, you're a genius.
He spoke.
He's a genius.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
He, he.
Oop.
He, he, he, he, he.
He, he, he, he, he.
I'd better put on my patented Stupomatron helmet.
Hemorrhoids.
Really bad hemorrhoids.
Hmm.
My, my.
Oh, my.
My, my.
My, my.
Oh, my.
My, my.
My, my.
Oh, my.
My, my.
My, my.
My, my.

Oh, my!
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.

Oh, my.


Oh, my.
Oh, my.




A little artemia salina there, dear friends.
Go on, make a fool out of yourself.
I am in the mood for some future meat products.
What's wrong with you now?
Vesty.
Want drink?
What would you like to drink, Kowalsky?
Me!
Get him a glass of meat.
You stiffy!
You sick little monkey!
Say, who's this pretty lady?
Is that your fiancé?
No, it's my sheep.
Hey, that's no horse.
That's my wife.
His lack of brain activity can only lead to one thing.
Now, what's that, Doc?
Death, of course.
So many clever girls depend on their toilets for a quick, refreshing butt secret.
And screen stars tell you they love toilets, too.
Why not get some fragrant toilets tomorrow?
Makes you sh-
Uh, Reverend Stank, could you please tell me about the moment that Bob came into your life?
Or came in his shoes?
I think Stank, I think Stank's might be having trouble hearing you.
Hello, hello, no, I just went over to check the, uh, the-
Oh, okay.
Tape recording was, uh, did somebody ask a question of, uh, the wise and powerful Reverend Stank?
Yes, can you hear me, Reverend Stank?
Yeah.
Okay, I would like to, you to tell me about the moment that Bob came into your life.
Uh, well, actually, uh, I was with, uh, Dr. Philo Drummond, and, uh, we were, uh, he had been kind of breaking me into this knowledge of this guy, uh, Bob, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that.
that he had gone to college with.
And although Bob was quite a bit older than him,
I'm kind of confused as to how all that happened,
because apparently Bob fought in World War II, and yet...
Well, Bob was friends with Philo.
Philo, and Philo's not that much older than I am.
Bob fought in World War I and the Spanish-American War II, though.
I mean, Bob's been around a long time.
Yeah, it's really peculiar.
And he also went to college with Henry Kissinger.
So it's like we're not sure how many times he was in college
and how many times he was dating Connie.
Connie originally was going out with Philo,
and Bob stole Connie away from Philo.
It wasn't difficult, apparently.
Well, what about...
Pretty much everybody had stolen Connie away from Philo.
Are the rumors still around that Bob was indeed,
if not the man himself, but a follower of the Ascended Master,
St. Germain?
Well, Bob had...
He had undergone his immaculation back in 1953.
We know the year for that.
It was because he built a TV set of his own design.
Yeah, but he didn't...
And he was actually working in the conspiracy.
He was a big part of the conspiracy then.
But after he had his vision during his immaculation,
he kind of became dissatisfied with conspiracy
and wanted to start his own.
He wanted to start his own counter-spiracy,
which eventually became the Church of the Subgenius.
He had quite a few experimental, social experiments,
sexual societies, and all these weird...
There were these chains of nudist camps.
I don't know if you ever heard about those
that were closed down all over the coasts.
Oh, it was because of Kinsey, wasn't it?
Well, yeah, they were the fallout from all of that.
Bob was involved with Dr. Kinsey,
and he was involved with Dr. Kinsey's experiments.
He was...
In fact, in that movie, Kinsey,
there's a guy based on J.R. Bob Dobbs who appears.
He's the hyper-sexed, crazy man
who's had sex with 9,000 people.
Oh, the one who wrote everything down?
Yeah, that character in that movie
is loosely, very loosely based on the actual J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Freely based on Bob Dobbs,
which means they were freebasing when they wrote the character.
Right.
Well, Bob was kind of...
an amalgam, but he was mostly...
Bob's a gas man.
Yeah.
I'm most interested in Bob's gas experiments.
He's a gas man?
He's gonna come down into my basement and check my meter?
He's the kind of gas that makes you
rise and inflate up into the upper atmosphere
and float away.
Well, what about all the high voltage
and all the machinery and stuff
that was seized by the government?
I had heard that Bob had huge...
not just the social experiments involving his psychosexuality,
but...
much of his machinery and his...
much in the same way that the old Reiki baby had his...
Right, he was a tinkerer and had...
not orgone collectors, but orgosmonic radiators.
Yeah.
He himself was a battery of orgosmonic energy,
which is much, much more powerful.
But orgone is basically a made-up new age superstition.
Orgosmonic energy, however, is easily measurable
by machines.
So, you must ask, how did this stuff get out of the United States
from the Justice Department's hands after seizing it from Bob?
Well, much like Viagra, it was a product that actually worked.
And it was, you know, it was the rhino horn that worked.
And there's no suppressing something like that.
Of course not.
Not when it's right up in your face like that is.
Yeah, and you see the fallout in those screens.


I've seen those silly Enzyte commercials with the Bob-like character in them.
I wonder if Bob...
For that men's...
You've seen those commercials for the men's enhancement pills.
Cloudwater Zendo.
Did I ever tell you the Cloudwater Zendo was hijacking the image of Bob Dobbs?
Who?
What?
Cloudwater Zendo.
It is a...
Is that a band or a cult?
No, this is a...
Well, it's a Zen Buddhist center where you can go to do meditation.
Oh, that's long.
Uh-huh.
And I saw a flyer for, hey, come meditate at Cloudwater Zendo.
And it had a...

It had a picture of Bob Dobbs on it.
Oh, that is long.
Now, you know, actually, that may be a legitimate use of the Dobbs head by a subgenius minister.
There have been a couple of Zen Buddhist monasteries that were run by Buddhists who were also subgenius
believers.
Well, that's the wonderful thing about these subgenius and the Buddhism.
They're both non-exclusive.
Yeah, they give you a lot of slack.
Yeah, but you know, you really need Buddhism to handle becoming a subgenius.
Well, you can be a subgenius or a Buddhist and a snake handler.
Yes, but...
You can be a Buddhist and a Sufi master, a dervish.
Yes, but this means that just the subgenius, the church of the subgenius is not the only
necessarily religion you will ever need because you will first need the techniques of the
Buddhists to calm yourself down because your mind will be in disarray.
You know, you need all of the religions.
You should study and believe every religion.
And then over all of it is the...



The faith looms the face of Bob, which is leading you onward through the murk of all
that false belief.
But it's all necessary.
You have to go through that crucible, that gauntlet of false, silly superstition.
And into the glorious forbidden science of K.R.
Bob's throbbing forehead veins.
And speaking of...
And speaking of...
And speaking of...
And speaking of...
And speaking of...
And speaking of...
Now I've tried to see things different But I can't argue with my sight
It sounds as stupid as my haircut And as strange as my whole life
My whole damn life Appearances stare
Keep up appearances for everyone here These disappearances are common up here
Or at the very least explainable As usual with men
As only their methods are debatable
It's too bad to stare, I feel a ditch I gotta woosie, bought a stop from the pair
No, I cannot reveal the details They're liable to hear
They've hidden moments of truth, they'll know my future
Just the frequencies in my inner ear
It's awful queer they don't appear
And what was standing right here?
And what was standing right here?
Hell no, where are we at?
And what the fuck are we discussing?
Oh, pardon my friendship
Please excuse my blue disgusting
Where are my manners at?
A little too much robot testing
I'm in the air, but now
Due to the pressure and the stress
The supernatural effect
Another constant channeling
Of the deceased in the past
But by having the stigmata
And a case of Tourette's
I've had a dark and interrupted
But I never forget
That I see Sasquatch making
Crossicles beneath the northern lights
And I've been witness
To a strange occurrence
Damn near my whole life
You see, now I've tried
To see things different
I can't argue with my sight
It sounds as stupid as my haircut
And as strange as my whole life
My whole damn life
My whole damn life
It sounds as stupid as my haircut
And as strange as my whole life
And as strange as my life
I'm gonna lay on the ground
I'm gonna lay on the ground
And hit that!
And I say
I'm gonna lay on the ground
I'm gonna lay on the ground


No, that won't work
No, that won't work
No, that won't work
I'm saying it's all about how you're sitting and seeing what I saw
And I've seen Sasquatch making crops or gulls beneath the northern lights
And I've been witness to strange occurrence damn near my whole life
You see, you know I've tried to see things different, but I can't argue with my sight
It sounds as stupid as my haircut and as strange as my other life
Ma Whoa!
My Herodian Life!!!!
It sounds as stupid as my haircut and as strange as my oooOOOOOO end
The Goodyear Pimps
Massachusetts
formant
is the name of that song, and you know
every subgenius,
every true subgenius is part
Sasquatch.
As we cover eventually
in this live pre-recorded
clip from last week's
Radio Synesthesia featuring
Dick Cheney's Bigfoot.
And speaking of false superstitions,
portions of the following
broadcast may be found objectionable by some
members of the listening audience, therefore
listener discretion is advised.
And the views and opinions expressed on this
program are not necessarily those of
WCSB, its members,
or Cleveland State University, or anyone for that
matter, or the Church of the Subgenius,
or Cloudwater Zendo, or
Dick Cheney's
shotgun,
or any of those things.
So anyway.
I wonder if Cheney was saying,
well, do you feel lucky?
No, he had
a private
ambulance
standing by, actually.
Well, I thought you were going to blow the lid.
There's always a private ambulance standing by.
Private health care workers
were on hand.
Right, in case he had a heart attack.
Oh, I'm sure he did. He's like, oh my god,
oh my god, I just hit my friend.
And he hit him good
with a shotgun, too.
So as he was having a heart attack,
he actually swerved to the
far right and blew off the face of his friend.
Is that what happened?
No, I think he hit him
in the back, actually.
Well, he got
tagged in the shoulder and the
lower face, and
I guess his genitalia was mauled
by a small tiger.
Cheney went hunting and
shot a man, uh-huh.
And they're just like
the old dukes of old, you know. They go out and they
shoot a bunch of squirrels and quails and stuff
like that and give them to the boy, you know,
who takes care of all the squirrels and the quails
and stuff. Dick Cheney was a man.
He was a real
man, but the bear was bigger
so he ran like a subgenius up a tree.
Oh, man.
You know, when I saw it on the news,
I thought, oh, shoot,
something's happened to old
Cheney. And then I was watching
and it's like, oh,
Cheney hit him?
And then I thought about it more. It's like,
don't they train assassins for this
job? Right. Yeah, really.
Yeah, I mean, it's like getting like Stalinism, you know.
Back in the old days of Stalinism, you'd
take out your opponent who, you know, had
found his favor with Stalin. You'd just like take him
him in the other room and say, you're fired and shoot him.
Those were the days.
Those were the days.
When Bob comes back
and rules this world,
then that's the way things
will be again. It'll be like feudal
warlord system with the subgeniuses
on top and all the humans as
slaves and serfs.
It'll be a beautiful, huge, heavenly world
with harmony between all the
races among the subgeniuses.
All of those
of the subgenius race, of course,
will live in harmony. The humans will live
the way they always have.
Well, now, once the exodus arrives, the subgeniuses come
in literally every
possible race, color,
and species, actually.
Once the exodus arrives,
they're going to start mutating, right?
The humans will stay the same, but the...
Oh, right. I mean, yeah, by the time
we're finished mutating,
the differences between human
races will be negligible.
Oh, exactly.
They'll all look the same.
I think they're already negligible.
To begin with, I think the problem is the shrink wrap.
I think what we need to do when we need to market
the human race, we need to, like,
write in some totally different stuff, like maybe
not just the third nostril, but maybe
like maybe
an extra set of eyes.
Dave, how do you think this whole thing
started? Yeah, I guess so.
80 million years ago in Mutantus, that's
exactly what the Yetis were doing.
The Yeti scientists were saying,
hmm, let's see what
we can do with these primitive,
monkeys, these apish
predators.
Let's see, you know, these silly little
things. Let's see what we can do with them by
tinkering. Not even monkeys, really.
They were more like squirrels, weren't they? Yeah.
Like little
itty-bitty rodents. Well, actually, no.
They weren't that small, and they were
surprisingly close
to a primate sort of a shape.
The fossils
have never been found
that are that old by human
scientists. They were eating nuts.
They were eating nuts.
They were eating nuts, and the Yetis obviously
realized, hey, they're smart little guys.
They know how to break nuts apart
with, like, rocks and sticks. They were eating each other.
They were cracking each other's brains open
and eating their brains. Right.
The Yetis were impressed with
that. They went, well, their instincts
are right. They're just very stupid.
And they started, and they
changed those
Adamic pre-human
dinosaur-age primates
into, directly
into the human beings that we see today.
And teleported them ahead
in time to the time of the Neanderthal,
where they promptly
wiped out the happy Neanderthal
and Homo erectus people and
brought the conspiracy that we know now.
And, in fact, fathered
us. Yes, we, the
sad, pathetic
descendants of the Yeti,
with so much
human blood intermixed.
You know, let's face it, we're all
mostly human. We've only got a little bit of
Yeti in us. It's sad.
It's pathetic.
And deluded over the generations.
But, friends, if you can resist
mating with a human,
oh, go ahead and use them, but don't
impregnate them. Don't get
impregnated by a human.
Because if we can just
stay within our subgenius
race, we can bring back the
true Yeti. Like I say, when I
say race, I'm not talking about the kind
of race that humans think about.
That's right. I'm talking about the kind of race that
aliens think about. How about
incubi, succubi, yeah, like that kind of thing.
And the kind that aliens think
dirty thoughts about.
That's what we want to get back
to, man.
The old ways were the best.
I mean prehistoric
ways. That's true.
Pre-human historic.
You said about the old ways.
Especially when we think about our clothing.
I mean, why do we even need clothing?
But the Yeti needed no clothing. They'd just
grow hair in whatever parts got cold.
They just adapted their bodies to what was
going on. They instantly
their pelt. Now, that's
the reason why we have clothing is because
the Yeti hair was able to change the
density and change the color
to where we thought it resembled clothing.
It's a sad imitation of the original Yeti.
Control over the body.
They had their order
of hair. It looked like
a suit, a three-piece suit.
Just as a human subgenius yogi
today can, if he concentrates
enough, he can grow a full
head of hair. Just like when he was
young, by taking the bob pills,
the Yeti in those days could do that by
will alone.
And it would just take hours
instead of a week. But they could shift their bone structure.
They could do all kinds of things. And we
will be able to do that, too, after the exes
come and give us back
our rightful destiny
thrown upon the
genetic inheritance of
what was I saying? Yeah, Bob, man!
Bob! A swipe of the
wand and the DNA has changed.
Now, how long
was the Yeti lifespan compared to
the mere humans?
There were giants on the Earth in those days
and they lived 999
years, some of those patriarchs.
So, the Bible
refers to them obliquely
in a primitive way.
Speaking of being oblique, weren't they, some of them
have, like, macrocephalic skulls
and the rest of their body was much
smaller and they had these huge oyster-shaped
skulls? Big heads and big
feet.
And that's why
they call them Bigfoot now.
Uh, and you know what
big feet mean? Human tripod,
but not human. Big
footprints. And, uh,
and yet the Yeti
in a way ironically left a small
footprint because they really were only
on the Earth in a
civilization for a relatively short
time before they went back to
living, uh,
pretty much an entirely spiritual,
barely physical life, like
the exes themselves. What remains
of them today? I'm curious.
I know, but I'd like to hear it.
Armies, frozen
underground, uh, in
the shell just above the hollow
Earth, but beneath the Himalayas.
Thousands of soldiers? Millions of
frozen Yeti
who are watching us now. Like
I say, they're spiritual beings. They don't need
their bodies. They've left their bodies preserved.
But their minds are constantly active.
Yes, they're watching, they're watching us. They're not
uh, they're watching us like Beavis and Butthead
watch MTV.
They're not really watching us in a protective
manner. They're watching us in a
sarcastic, superior, smirking
way.
Just like Beavis and Butthead watch MTV
and just as we in turn watch
Beavis and Butthead, we are
being watched. You don't
know, the fish
does not know it's in an
aquarium. You understand?
Is that why my eyeballs are
so high-peeling? Why it hurts so bad
all the time? I mean, is my pineal
gland growing or is it shrinking?
Dave, I hope it's growing.
How much coffee have you had?
But sir, discipline is slack. Discipline
is slack, slack. They're just in it
for the girls. It will be glorious,
Nick. I will scale the walls
of paradise and raise it to
its foundations. The cosmos
will crack and tremble with the opal
din of Armageddon.
I will rise triumphant.
I will, I'll, I, and then
he'll, he'll, everything,
everything will, will...
Why won't he call?
I know.
I know. It hurts.
It hurts, Norrell, it hurts.
That was Norrell
Preff from
norrellpreff.com
and now
Schwump.
Drain the people.
Drain and cry.
Drain the people.
Hear them cry.
Drain the people.
Drain and cry.
Drain the people.
Watch them die.
Die, die, die.
I took a walk
through the stately insane.
I stopped to watch
the procession of pain.
The people burned
but the kingdom remained
and all the lovers united
with the ball and the chain.
Oh, to rain the people.
Drain and cry.
Drain and cry.
Drain and cry.
To rain the people.
Hear them cry.
Drain and cry.
To rain the people.
Drain and cry.
Drain and cry.
Drain the people.
Watch them die.
Drain and cry.
Drain and cry.
Watch them die.
Well, I climbed the hill
near the valley of sin
to watch the people swim
in eels and pins.
The Lord above
sent a message to me.
Although it sounded
like freedom,
it was just liberty.
To rain the people.
Drain and cry.
To rain the people.
Hear them cry.
To rain the people.
Drain and cry.
Drain the people.
Watch them die.
Die, die, die.
Oh, tomar a guia comma su pin.
Tu hai 188 살�a experience


You're a drawer

You are in full run
You're totem
You're choreographed
Now you're fit





Shear your home
Fearless






Get real
Well...

I took a ride on a riverboat train, to watch the little fishies die in vain.
The captain drowned and the crewman reprained, although I knew they were sorry that they'd do it again.
To rain the people, drain them dry. To rain the people, hear them cry.
To rain the people, drain them dry. To rain the people, watch them die.
Watch them die.
Watch them die.
Hey, Dave! Dave! There's a movie about you, um, called The Island.
Oh.
Why is it called The Island?
I had no idea it was an island. I thought maybe an archipelago or an issue.
Yeah, you're so lonesome as a cowboy, as an island.
There's a movie called The Island with Scarlett Johansson and Obi-Wan Kenobi in it.
Obi-Wan Kenobi is an actual, um, yeah, okay.
Yeah, and, uh...
Alec Guinness is dead.
It's about these clones who find out that they're really just clones to provide organs for rich guys in the world.
Well, that's what we're hiding here.
The difference is that they are pampered clones in a Logan's Run sort of future world that's actually a factory.
Uh, and kind of like cows on my brother's farm.
When's lunch?
And when their body parts are needed or when the baby has come to term, they're disposed of.
Well, that's like what we figured out you were, only they don't really...
Whoever owns you isn't taking very good care of you.
That's right.
And also, who, why doesn't anybody think of who comes up with these?
To begin with, doesn't this mean that society is clambering backwards down a slow hill and can't really, you know...
This, this sounds like in time set kind of literature.
Well, you know, the rich get richer and the poor get poorer to the point where the, the, the poor are just the organ farms for the rich.
Uh, by the way, there's dozens of homeless guys that look exactly like Bill Gates.
If you gave him a shave and...
Some glasses and a bad haircut and a suit.
Yeah.
But currently they look like Howard Hughes.
Well, those guys will all be getting, as soon as Bill needs a liver, one of those...
That's what I don't understand is why they don't take better care of their property.
They've got these, these liver cattle, but they're letting them become drunks.
Well, it seasons the liver.
See, the thing is you can always cut off part of the liver and grow a new one.
You always want a good, reused liver.
That way you don't have to break it in.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, um, the island was ripped off from a movie from 1976 called Parts the Clonus Horror, which has been on Mystery Science Theater 3000.
Well, I'll be.
Well, actually, I'm, I would imagine that that movie itself was probably ripped off from some 1950s sci-fi story and amazing fantasy or something.
And probably some 40s one in Argosy or 39 or something.
Right, exactly.
It's like, and before that, Plato talked of the...
Yeah, the island.
Yeah.
It's like, yeah, it's kind of an old story.
All right.
Yeah.
Praise Bob.
I receive lots of slack, I can listen to Stang, it keeps me stable for a day's praise, Bob.
Here with my Bob, where my brain cells break down, will you visit me please, if I give you some fra-praise, Bob.
Here with my Bob, I just stare at his face, my brain in deep outer space, I can feel alone with Bob.
A by Phineas Narco.
Friends, again, more from him at NationalCynical.com.
Nice little parody there.
The background music on this show was done by yours truly, and...
Alright, well, guys, we're kind of running out of time here.
We've only got about 17 minutes left in the program.
And I do have some music I need to play, so I would appreciate if you guys could share some last thoughts for the evening.
A fatwa against Fred Phelps.
In conclusion.
I think...
I was just reading about Fred Phelps tonight.
You know, there's this thing that's been online for a few years about how he abused his children and drove one of his son's girlfriends to suicide.
I mean, he's just a more terrible man than you would know from watching him on TV.
Oh, he would sue random people for $1,500.
And then he would just, you know, say, well, that's your out-of-court cost settlement, it's $1,500.
And then if they didn't...
If they didn't take him up on the $1,500, he'd sue them for a lot more.
Man, I need a lawyer.
I don't know who that is.
I forgot.
Fred Phelps, he's a guy that hates homosexuals.
Godhatesfags.com.
He's a minister who leads Loud and publicity getting...
Yes, they've actually been known to set up protests in front of the funerals of Iraq war veterans.
Right.
Because they died protecting a country that protects the rights of...
Of homosexuals.
Oh.
And he will continue protesting at soldiers' funerals.
Well, I thought it was like, you know, Brownback being a part of Agnes Day and wanting the end of the world to come real quick or something.
They are from the same state.
The end of the world is coming, Dave.
And the end of this show is coming.
And we must have our last thoughts.
And they probably will be our last thoughts.
Yeah, I...
Because the bombs are on their way.
Yes.
We'll meet again.
Don't know where, don't know when.
My last thought is that...
You know, I mentioned Mystery Science Theater 3000.
Just as we watched that show, the subgeni are watching us.
That's right.
Okay, so...
Thank you, Mark.
When fewer I can walk, I guess I'll just, you know...
A benign subgenius.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Good night to one and all.
I stole them.
You're talking padre?
Yeah.
You stole them?
You always tell me about the stables, kid.

We were looking for the stables.


Fix a gmail account and move someone down something like this toubby is the secret code of planning.


I cutting Mr. Cub from a newspaper died a month ago with an lengths of hours of hurry.
A maniacal attack on a newspaper fucking Naruto guy doing night dream coverage.
My own seventeen.
This is Frank and Ross.

And thanks toall of you.
TheANAEV począt-winners.com
And that was, uh, Hell Pope Huey.
Praise Bob.
Good night, Ren.
Good night, Sophie.
And now all I need.
Is eight hours.
I want you to wrap this.
Yes.
Yes.
