Welcome to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack, sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
The Steaming Sack of Slack Part 6
The Steaming Sack of Slack Part 7
The Steaming Sack of Slack Part 9
Sutra Part 10
The Challenges Of Lead
For more information, visit subgenius.com.
Let's take it again.
Oh, Pete and Dave.
Okay, there we go.
All right, you over here?
Just shut up.
This is Phil.
Phil.
Pete.
And Dave of the Firesign Theater.
And we're listening to The Hour of Slack.
This is Timothy Larry reminding you that just as you need slack,
Bob needs your help.
Send in those pledges and praise Bob.
It's an unfashionable belief in the atheist community,
but truth just needs to be stated.
It doesn't have to be hyped.
I know.
I do a lot of hyping of atheism,
but remember what Bob Dobbs said.
I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
There is no God, and that's a simple truth.
If every trace of any single religion were wiped out and nothing were passed on,
it would never be created exactly that way again.
There might be some other nonsense in its place, but not that exact nonsense.
If all of science were wiped out, it would still be true,
and someone would find a way to figure it all out again.
Oh, superstitious, eh?
It was like the end of the world.
There was destruction everywhere.
People scrambled around in hysterical panic.
Cars and buses and taxis were slamming into each other by the second.
Mass confusion reigned like never before.
And the cause of all this?
Mom?
You're not Jesus.
You're Bob.
Yes, Bob!
So, you think you better run, run, run!
I'm on my high horse and I'm gonna ride, ride, ride.
I hear the power soar, make the sparks fly, fly, fly.
I pay my dues to the man with the pipe, so we own all the guns.
We're gonna watch this planet blow up tonight.
So cry, baby, cry. Tears won't change the story.
Scream, baby, scream, cause it won't change a thing.
Pray, baby, pray to the gods who will not answer, cause today is its day.
It's time for you to hit the bed!
I'm Bob Dobbs. We're with Bob Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Master of Slack.
For one last chance to save your life.
Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
Open your world and save your soul.
Put it under Bob's control.
All that expires while you wait.
Operators are standing by.
From then on, there's no stopping the Bob as it spreads from town to town.
I'm a Jedi through and through.
Ain't nothing that you can't do.
Make all the pigs start shaking in their boots.
Make the conspiracy wanna puke.
You can't hold me or control me.
All the Bobbies wanna be me.
Till the sausage come down and burn your town to the ground.
There's no passing go.
Collect 200 billion souls.
Survive until like 5th in the moon.
So G.D. shall be reborn.
And then it's time to settle the score.
It ain't about the battle.
It's about the war.
So go read Revelation next, cause that's what it's for.
I got more verses than a damn bible.
Play them like a recital.
It's just too damn much.
We're all the men to the idol.
So cry baby cry.
Tears won't change the story.
Scream baby scream, cause it won't change a thing.
Just a fire of sin.
With a pipe and a grin.
There ain't no asking why.
It's time to slack off or die.
Who's our master of the fight?
J.R. Bob Dog's Master of Slack.
Who's my last chance to save your life?
Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
Open your world and save your soul.
Put it under Bob's control.
This offer only good through X-Day, July 5th, 1998.
For Christ's sake isn't it what you fuckin' maniacs are doing what I'm talking about?
I'm not too far off right now.
July 5th is coming.
There's no time to wait.
July 4th, year one.


We're all your friends.
Serve a World Cup golfer's head on a plate.
Finally they can't take a chance.
Know the bliss from the rings of Bob's pipe smoke.
And if you call within the next 30 minutes, we'll throw in a free helping of prairie squid.
Damn, in some parts of the universe this thing would be considered goody.
Repent.
Quit your job.
Slack off.
And bring Bob!
And friends, that was in Bob We Trust by the band called Monkey Hive.
Praise Suds and the late Pfister Gag Hole.
Before that we heard some tips of the cranium to Bob from Penn Jillette, Timothy Leary, the Firesign Theatre, and Reverend D.U. Eight.
With the...
...steaming sack of slack.
Soon we'll also hear songs called for future Bob song albums from Andrew the Impaled, Six-Fisted Tales of Bob with Priestess Pisces, The Mutant Mountain Boys, Reverend Gord, Don, Truby, and if we have time, Slack Tea.
But we won't hear Dave or we or me live much after this.
Dave and we would have loved to do some shows.
We'll all be there.










but frankly, I'm taking a break from trying to be funny or smart or whatever live on the air tonight
because I'm, well, let's just say it, I'm butthurt at the behavior of various people in the Internet backstage,
and I don't trust myself not to say something I'll really regret.
My slack has been dented for now, so I'm reading from a script.
Princess, we and I went to Detroit yesterday to attend services for one of our fallen members,
Reverend Kay Wren, the bride of Reverend Eggplant.
Reverend Kay Wren went to meet the saucers very prematurely a couple of weeks ago,
and all those real-life subgeniuses we saw were wonderful.
That has nothing at all to do with my crappy mood.
But before and after that trip, every time I logged into the subgeniuses,
internet land this week, it seemed like I just kept seeing the same evidence of more and more behind-the-scenes
gossiping and sniping and whining and backstabbing and obsessive lying.
It just makes me feel not very subgeniously tonight.
Luckily, though, I've been unearthing ancient tapes from the early 1980s,
tapes of me ranting to myself, or actually to some distant friend or other while driving to work in my car,
listening to Dallas preachers on the Dallas radio,
back when I was more disgustipated at the pinks than I was at some of my fellow subgeniuses,
and nobody would censor me if I said something that wasn't PC to Republicans.
So let's go back, back, back in time to the olden days,
before...
the internet.
Long before Google groups, when our hate was pure,
and there were only nine dues-paying subgeniuses on the entire planet Earth,
besides Bob, and they all lived in Dallas, Little Rock, San Francisco, or a ranch in Bolivia.
These car rants are from a 1981 cassette tape titled, appropriately enough,
The Hate of the Stang Brain.
And they really are all recorded in my car.
While I was driving around Dallas doing menial, low-paying, crap jobs and sweltering heat with no air conditioning.
But it was more fun than I've had on the internet in the last few days, anyway.
And it'll be broken up with some really, really wonderful music that you may or may not have heard, I don't know.
Praise Bob.
It's a shitty day.
I hate reality.
Having to wake up.
Start the whole planet all over again every day.
Oh, god dammit.
I've gotta start my ass up.
Let's have some precious...
precious words.
Dammit, I don't hear no words.
Seed of faith.
There we go.
And let that seed grow up into a bountiful harvest.
Oh, yeah.
That's nice.

Then God is going to let that harvest bountifully be blessed for you of health, of healing, of happiness, and so in prosperity.
Oh, the heart seed of the growing, heartening harvest.
And God blesses us and we give to others.
And pills.
And God keeps the blessings flowing right back to us again and again.
Squirting.
And shittingly.
The centrifuge.
The selective flavor.
The
Oh, my...
Oh, my...
Usually.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my...
Oh, my...
Oh, my...
Oh, my...
Oh, my...
Oh, yes.
Those fine young girls...
and boys.
But we need mattresses and contraceptives for these young girls.
Yes.
Oh, my...

Those we hate are starving to death.
Oh, my...
I command ye to spill thy seed word gift of a hundred pounds of life and give me praise.










And I will be sending you a hundred-dollar bill on my lap, little boy.
I will be sending ye a hundred-dollar bill on my lap, little boy.
200 pounds of life-giving food.
Neighbor, come around the radio right now.
I just feel impressed by the Spirit of God to pray with you and let God bless you as you plant that seed faith on the Isle of Hades.
You don't have time to chat with me.
Ah...
Ah...
Ah...
Ah...
Ah...
Oh, yes.
I come in the name of Jesus against sin, sickness, disease, and poverty, and premature death.
I command the blessing upon every believer as they give their tithes, their offerings, and love gifts.
Thirty-nine hundred-fold blessing to come upon them as they remember the children.
Now as they feed the hungry, let the power of the Holy Spirit come upon them.
Ah, come ye, the children that received this life-giving seed of my rising faith, as yet ye prematurely not come unto me.
Amen.
Amen.
And now the announcer will give you our mailing address.
That's P.O. Box, Gasoliers, Florida, Olsen, Nome, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
That's right.
Send $100 to P.O. Box, Gasoliers, Florida, Olsen, Nome, Dallas, Texas, 75214.

That's P.O. Box, Gasoliers, Florida, Olsen, Nome, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
Order today.
There will be a day when all the pink boys pay.
They'll scream and burn with nowhere left to run.
But I won't be around, cause I'm headed out of town to outer space.
And a saucer built for one.
Yeah, my saucer built for one.
Aim that sucker towards the sun.
Light the fuse and then I'm on my way.
And I'll realize my dream's a dream, and I'll be on my way.



And I'll see the stars in the sky.
And I'll hear the pink boys scream.
And agony and terror come next day.
Now a saucer built for one sure sounds like lots of fun.
Till you realize that there's no one there to screw.
And I get bored with my hand.
So I ripped up all my plans, cause I'm working on a saucer built for two.
And my saucer built for two.
You know just what we'll do.
Each other as we make our way through space.
And in our rearview mirror.
We'll see nothing but fear.
As the X's ravage earth come X day.
Now a saucer built for two.
Got a cozy seat for you.
And another one on this side just for me.
But when I'm between your thighs.
I need someone else to drive.
So now I'm working on a saucer built for three.
Yeah, in my saucer built for three.
Yeah, you and her and me.
We'll all take turns and we'll all get to play.
And they'll know it's no joke.
When the pinks go up.
And smoke.
And agony and terror come X day.
Now a saucer built for three.
Might seem quite enough for me.
But I for one need just a little more.
So I went back to the shop.
I put that fucker up on blocks.
And now I'm working on a saucer built for four.
Yeah, in my saucer built for four.
Oh no one's getting bored.
There's always someone else for getting laid.
And I thank my lucky stars.
As we cruise right past Mars.
That we escaped the carnage of X day.
Now a saucer built for four.
I shouldn't ask for more.
What the hell, why else am I alive?
Besides I need a break.
Every six hours give or take.
So now I'm working on a saucer built for five.
Yeah, in my saucer built for five.
From now till we arrive.
We'll fucking suck with luck in every way.
And each time we get laid.
The memories will fade.
Of what the earth was like before X day.
Now a saucer built for five.
Three to shag and one to drive.
But it turns out that the ladies want more dicks.
So I'm getting out of bed.
And I'm getting right back to my shit.
Now I'm working on a saucer built for six.
Yeah, in my saucer built for six.
Might learn me some new tricks.
As we go taking a break.
And cross the Milky Way.
Laughing as we drink.
About every single bink.
That fried right where they stood.
Come X day.
Now a saucer built for six.
So much cock and ass and tits.
No one ever got so close to heaven.
But at the risk of sounding rude.
We might need one for food.
So now I'm working on a saucer built for seven.
In my saucer built for seven.
We got room for Cat and Kevin.
And five more.
Yeti freaks who knew to pay.
30 some odd bucks to Bob.
And they finally quit that job.
And that wave of corporate layoffs.
Come X day.
Now a saucer built for seven.
It only takes a second to turn around and find yourself
a date.
But the place is going to be a mess.
Need some cleaning help, I guess.
So now I'm working on a saucer built for eight.
In my saucer built for eight.
No one has to masturbate.
A little help here is all you got to say.
That some pretty Yeti mouth is happy to go south.
After all, that's what we practiced.
4X day.
Now a saucer built for eight.
I'm sure that just sounds great.
But I'm starting now to recognize a trend.
I'd build it out for nine.
And then I'd change my mind.
So fuck it.
I'm skipping right on ahead to 10.
In my saucer built for 10.
A mobile pleasure den.
A hedonistic hoedown on its way.
To that sexy slack filled place.
A way up there in space that they promised
would be ready come X day.
Now a saucer built for 10.
You might think that that's the end.
But I hate to let down my subgenius brethren.
Hm.
Hm.
Hm.
Hm.
Hm.
Hm.


Lemme put an extra door as I put some bean bags on the floor.
Now I'm proud to say my saucer seats 11 in my saucer for 11.
In my saucer for 11.
My libido won't be even.
In fact, I might become a better lay.
Because I'll learn from the best, and I'll practice on the rest.
As we all make each other come X day.
Now a saucer for 11.
Oh my.
This place is getting to be one where
it's hard to hear yourself.
A wrap up.

Over all the grunts and moans
So I install new headphones
That'll be perfect on my saucer built for 12
And my saucer built for 12
We'll all escape that hell
The earth will become, or so they say
Half the hands will grab an ass
The other half will raise a glass
To those liberating exes of X-Day
Now a saucer built for 12
Oh dear, above the smell
And the furniture all has a sticky sheen
But if that ain't quite enough
Well I hate to say it but tough
I ain't working on a saucer for 13
Yes, my saucer built for 12
Will suit us all real well
As...
Saucer built for 12
Will suit us all real well
With whips and chains and liquor and poker
Yay!
And no one's getting off
Well, everyone's getting off
And no, we'll never stop
Unless we come across that comet, hell bop
I'd like to have a word with those Heaven's Gate people
Maybe get myself some sneakers
Until we reach our new home come X-Day
In a few-a-day
Tell me where my gut was
Am I alone on the seus?"
A fuck 기다�ness




You searchin bleep
So fine
What we're till now
They have more
stupid things.
My tape recorder,
which was highly useful
in the spiritual life of everybody.
On some occasions,
we have broadcasted
the tape through the loud
speaker to the villages.
My village is a
very backward one,
which is really appreciated
by everyone,
and we as a village are grateful
and thankful for your services
rendered to us.
The young man from West Malaysia
indicates that he listens daily
through the Bible.
The badness,
the incredible badness.
It was, it was,
it's just, God, Doug,
walking upon the bones
of those who before them
tried to escape the squirting universe,
friends, squirting.
You see,
God's the one that makes the pre-tourney,
and he gives them the message.
It's a damn trick.
Or if not God,
then the devil, you know,
one or the other, somebody,
or Nicky, or Bob,
or your old friend,
or, well, I don't know about your old friend.
I mean, that's just a,
a purely uneducated guest.
Or the
50-foot woman
gives a preacher
the call to preach.
And
there is no preacher.
There is no preacher.
If he is called of one of these things,
or else the thing between his legs may call him to preach,
and he cannot fail.
He cannot fail.
If he,
if he heeds the calling of the thing between his legs,
or her legs,
depending on what kind of thing it is,
and that preacher shan't fail,
and shall achieve intercourse,
a fine and noble,
coercion of that opposite or self same-sex partner whichever it may be in whichever camp
you happen to be stuck in on out a true preacher of course can can jump back between male and
female if he or she pleases now many like myself choose not to do so but to work only upon and
enlarging that one element of the preachers toolbox that longest most muscular and sometimes
flaccid tool of the preacher it not his mouth name that which is sometimes soft and becomes
hard and begins to flap and look for something to itch you rub against yes I'm talking about
the preacher's tool of the preacher and I'm talking about the preacher's tool of the preacher
is Tom the tongue of the preacher the preacher as his trigger and so you know even the banks
will topple when these preachers come with their tongues and and it shall wash away the
filth and the the unclean seed with the new seed well upon which the mobile homes of the subgeni
will fill with their tongues and the filth and the unclean seed will fill with their tongues and
float and be carried on high with their fropp and things, pills and all that party equipment
they use, chainsaws, scalpels.
Yes, as it says in prophecy, those called preachers, doctors of darkness of Bob, shall
float or mount Ararat and achieve slapdom.
It's a squirting universe, friends, and that's why we have to call for your help tonight.
We're about to lose our lease on the great new squirting tabernacle.
Yes, we've only been in there a month, and the squirting tabernacle is going back into
the hands of the conspiracies.
We're going to have to get rid of it.
They're going to turn it into some sort of war games, participation video game outfit,
I don't know what, instead of the great scrub.
Because the law says, the law says subgenius can't be fucked by whatever it wants.
That's what the law says.
It says no subgenius can do anything he wants.
And they call this a free game.
It's a free land.
Well, my friends, I've heard people call the subgenius church a joke, but I sometimes
have to think, is the church a joke or is this world a joke?
Bob Dobbs owns deed and title to the church.
But who owns deed and title to the world?
Not Bob yet, no, I'm afraid not.
No, sir.
Those people.
They're just policemen on motorcycles, driving by me right now.
Hey, look at me, and I have to pause in my preaching because they may think that I'm
a crazy man or a drunk man, just because I'm free, free, free enough to talk to myself
in the car.
Even if there wasn't a tape recorder in here, why, there's no reason for them to be arresting
me just for looking like a crazy person.
And yet they do, they would.
You're mind has to be free.

certified okay by them. They, they, and oh we hate they, as they and their tools of
iniquity. Tools of iniquity. Not the tools of the preacher. Not the dick, not the
tongue, nay. But their iniquious and ever-present
disgust, and so we find... I got my headphones off everything's okay now
back to reality back to normal. Well not exactly. Yeah normal for me.
Take your son up on a mountain, offer him unto me as a sacrifice. That would have been you or me.
We'd have said, now that's that devil trying to cheat me out of my blessing. See what I'm getting at?
That's right. See what I'm getting at?
Yeah. Uh-uh, he moved God's voice. He said, yes Lord. Uh-uh, no, yes.
Hey son, Isaac, let's go boy. We're going up and have church on a mountain.
Gonna kill you. Went on up to that mountaintop. You know the story. I wish I had time to go into that, but I don't.
And we'll be back. We'll be back. Because he knew that God will provide. He knew him as Jehovah Jireh.
I don't care what kind of trouble you're in. He's still Jehovah Jireh. The Lord will provide, and he will make a way.
Well, there is no way. It may look like you're the victim right now. You've been victimized by the devil, but the battle ain't over.
God never intended for you to be the victim. You're the victor. You are the conquered one. You are the conqueror.
It seems like you're overcome. You may be overcome now, but when it's over, you're going to be the overcomer.
The devil's gonna be under your foot. You're going to be on top, and he'll be under me. Why?
Because you're a child of God.
Hallelujah!
I am the conqueror.
I've played every note I know. I've played every one of them at least twice tonight.
It wasn't enough.
I've played a couple of those notes 30 or 40 times.
I have a good kind of everyones since last year in the old town.



Yeah, A belongs to Yes.

No?
And you are familiar with the stuff I play.

Silence, please.
No, I mean, why are you saying like this?


Well, some days' of good 사람들 are very nice.
Me neither.
I hope of course you will объ tr menor bien!
You don't want it, but you say you need it.
The truth of the matter is, you won't receive it.
Not the way you're thinking.
Not the way you want it.
You see, sometimes slack is involuntary.
Jobs aren't reactions quite contrarian.
But even if you think all is lost,
slack will come to you, but you must pay the cost.
Involuntary slack has a nature of its own.
Sometimes it'll leave you stranded and far from home.
And sometimes it'll leave you stranded and far from home.
And Bob will present you with a golden opportunity.
So don't be stupid and give it back.
It's involuntary slack.
Why is this happening to me, Bob?
I don't understand.
Things are going so well and now, here I am.
My life is coming apart in the seams and I don't understand.
Tell me, Bob, why would you forsake me?
I've done everything I could for you.
Tell me, Bob.
Why would you forsake me?

I've done everything I could for you.

And he said,
Yes, he said.
Here's what he said.
Pisces, don't let it get in your head because
For every frog stick that burns out
I'll put another one in your mouth.



You just must be patient.
Your time will come.
You paid your thirty dollars.
But Bob, but Bob, I just don't think I can handle this anymore.
I'm so rundown and broke and goddamn I hate being poor.
I don't know how I'm going to make it.

I don't want to sell my ass on the street.
But what is your suggestion, Bob?
Why do you just sit there smiling at me?
You're my savior and I'm asking for help, Bob.
And here's what he said to me.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
Get your groove back.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
So Stang went up to Bob and asked,
Why, Bob, why?
I've been busting my ass for you, he said.
And you're just making me cry.
Bob looked at Stang and he said,
I'll tell you why, Stang.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
Involuntary slack.
And then you'll get your groove back.
Involuntary, slack,
Ona,
involuntary, slack.
Involuntary, slack.
Involuntary, slack.
Involuntary, slack.
Slack! Involuntary Slack!
So, brothers and sisters,
children in the eyes of adults,
don't be so downhearted!
Praise Bob, you will get your Slack,
but it might not be that
involuntary Slack!
Involuntary Slack!
Involuntary Slack!
Involuntary Slack!
Involuntary Slack!
Why, one must make oneself stupid in order to stay sane,
because it is more important to be sane if stupid,
than to be...
smart... a smarty-pants that's crazy.
You know what I mean?
And I mean crazy in that negative sense.
Because a man who is sane and properly stupid
will appear to be crazy
to those who have retained some modicum of intelligence,
but who are yet fucked,
if you grasp my meaning, and I'm sure that you do, Doctor.
I will count you as crazy if you don't talk!
What do you think of that?
This is the end.
TransVEL kaik $ impact
evangelical Christian subgeniuses, whose numbers are as well so every day.
These dear, dear Christians, they, like us, see the family falling apart in America today.
The family falling apart, the attack on the American family they call it.
And they're right, it is going on, even as we speak.
Father against son, sister against brother, father fucking sister.
And uh, yes, yes, yes, and it dissolves.
It's falling apart.
It's like one in every two marriages dissolves in divorce.
Holy shit, I can't rant with this retarded guy walking by in front of the car looking at me.
He's a pleasant looking chap.
Truly, you know, sometimes the retarded are miserable wretches.
I guess depending on what their physical deal is.
And, uh, you know, I don't know.
I don't know what else to say about it.
But, sometimes they are the most cheerful people, the truest subgeniuses.
The most sub, one might say.
But, cheerful.
It says something.
They smile like, not a fanatical death's head grin like Bob's.
But just the pleasantest, the pleasantest happy smirk.
Kind of a smirk.
Like, you know something I don't know.
That's what they're thinking.
And they don't envy us for it.
No siree.
Anyway, back to the family.
Yes, and the Christian, the dear Christian, would say, or the right wing evangelical Christian,
would say that the attack on the American family comes from pornography, from sex gags on TV,
from, uh,
uh,
premarital sex and permissiveness.
Well, that's a lie, my friend.
That's the devil's lie.
I know what you're thinking.
But I'll say it again.
It's the devil's lie.
The devil is in that Texaco station over there.
The devil is pulled up behind me in a car.
The devil is in Lakewood Landing Restaurant and Bar.
The devil is in Reed Hardware.
The devil is everywhere.
And he's pulling the family apart.
Pulling it apart, my friend.
But I'll tell you, I'll tell you what's tearing the family down.
And it's what those beloved Christians love most.
Oh, it's what they say we're trying to destroy, and we are.
What's tearing the family apart is not the devil.
It's what are we, again, not running into?
It's the devil shorts down on anything?
Has prospects for problems, reactions, blocks?
Thoughts on the manipulation of a crazy私.
Literally Rem vertically, wandering in circles and ultimately to hell,
gone
about 7 o'clock, pissed off after a long drive back out to the suburbs from his insurance company or whatever,
and he comes home and he kisses his kids goodnight, hello and goodnight, and they go to bed.
And the Christian dares to say that it's because the kids see a little tittering as stupid, sexy gags on television.
Or they say it's because the new permissiveness and men are allowed to stick their things into other men and such like.
I say that's a bunch of holy bullshit, my friends.
Why not legalize pornography? Hell, and ban work.
Work is what takes the parents away from the kids.
Most of the kids these days grow up, they don't have parents at all.
They got scarecrows looking over them in some daycare center.
That's about all there is.
They get them to age.
If that mother can bear with them, can stand to change diapers until they're one and a half,
she'll send them off to that daycare just as quick as she can.
Sure, they're still led by human teachers, but that kid ain't got no parents.
Because Mr. and Mrs. Christian, Mommy and Daddy say it's so important to have job security.
It's so important.
It's so important to be a regular American, a normal American, a normal American who doesn't know his kids any better than he...
No, he doesn't know his kids as well as he knows his boss.
Or his employees, I suppose would be a better metaphor.
And we find, then, the family falling apart.
Oh, they wail and gnash their teeth, our friends do, about how...
How the children...
How the children are exposed to too much...
Too much this and too much that.
What they ain't being exposed to is a little bit of Mom and Dad.
That's what they ain't being exposed...
Fuck that pornography!
I don't care if a kid's...
You know, well, they're...
They know what to do with their little...
The God's gift between their legs...
Themselves...
They're gonna grow up to be...
Ah...
Friends at Pets!

It pisses me off!
It pisses me off!
No end!
No end!
The hypocrisy!
Now, I have nothing against hypocrisy.
Every religion must have its fair measure of hypocrisy.
But...
But...
That preacher can get up there on television and...
And, oh, he's so glad to keep you normal.
Keep you working so hard you don't even know your own wife anymore.
Keep young wifey...
Oh, she's...
Oh, they say, well, the mother's...
The woman's place is in the home.
Being a mother.
Sure, sure.
The woman...
That's the way you stick the mother into the house with the kid 24 hours a day.
Turn her into a raving maniac from boredom and pinkness and the insufferable stress of having to raise the kids by herself while old Daddy...
Well, he's out doing the job.
He's making his sales calls.
He's drinking a martini or two at lunch.
And after work.
And on the way to work.
And on the way home from work.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And he don't give a...
That way...
That way, mama don't get no slack.
Mama turns into a nut.
Mama turns into a dingy, cooped-up housewife.
And you wonder why her kids turn to drugs.
They see her just as fucked up as she...
As out of it as she can be.
And they think, I don't want to be like her.
I'm gonna get fucked up.
I don't want to be like her.
That's worse than being fucked up.
And it's the God's truth, my friend.
So, next time them Christians start telling you about how you're...
Just cause your stark fist got some pictures of nakedness and dirty words in it,
Why, you just come back to them and say,
Sir?
You work so hard that you don't remember your kids' names?
Trying to preserve this lovely land?
You trying to keep pornography...
You work so hard keeping pornography out of the stores...
That your kids hate you.
Makes them want to fuck each other.
That's what I say.
Let there be slack.
Greetings, beautiful mutants.
Look away from the pig and stew, the billowing pie.
From your life of work and time.
Look away.
There's a hole in your soul that's burning you alive.
Where slack down will never decay.
Look away.
Sing a little song.
Sing a little song.





Look away from the pig and stew, the billowing pie.
Look away.
Triple bow, boy, away.
From the pig and stew, the billowing pie.
Right,untee!


Where you can hear who you are.


A hi-anya folk show hosts yea-ta,
Hail.




My 생각을 always be.
to the billowing pipe.
Go away, go away,
back from the pigs to the billowing pipe.
If your conflict with normals brings circles and strides,
then onward your endings ensue.
Bail away from the pigs to the billowing pipe,
that's a waiting in the town for you.
Look away, look away,
from the pigs to the billowing pipe.
Look away,
triple-bubble your money back
from the pigs to the billowing pipe.
Look away,
thank God's head for eternal slack
from the pigs to the billowing pipe.
Look away,
triple-bubble your money back
from the pigs to the billowing pipe.
Look away,
triple-bubble your money back

Look away,
triple-bubble your money back from the pigs to the billowing pipe.
Look away,
believed I had to work my way to heaven, and I was afraid the Lord might come on one of my bad days
instead of one of my good days, or he might come when I had an unconfessed sin on my conscience,
and it took me a long time, 30 years, before I finally got into the word and realized that no
one will ever be saved by their works. The coming of Jesus.
To pour out the wrath of God upon those who have rejected the grace and the mercy and the love of
God. Jesus is not coming back as a babe wrapped in swaddling clothes. He is not coming back to
die for the sins of mankind. He is not coming back to shed tears of compassion. He's coming
back as a warrior. He's coming back to judge and make war. He is coming back to pour out the wrath
of God upon those who have rejected God's gift of love and grace and mercy, and what I was told
about the coming of Jesus scared me to death. I was told that when he appeared, there would be the
big bang, and the whole universe would cease to exist, and I would go off to live in a spirit
world as a disembodied spirit floating around the cloud playing a harp.
Well, I couldn't get excited about being a disembodied spirit, about being something kind of a blob that had no
personality and no individuality. Sure couldn't get excited about floating around the cloud playing a
harp because I grew up in a church that didn't even believe in instrumental music. So how could I get
excited about playing a harp for all eternity? So, you know, the whole concept of Jesus coming back
just turned me off. And then when I began to realize, number one, that I could know that I was
saved. Well, that would probably be real interesting, but, uh...
Meanwhile, everybody gripes and complains,
Oh, Stang don't give us any money. Oh, Stang ain't taking good care of us.
Oh, Stang doesn't do nothing for the church anymore. God.
It's disgusting. It's horrible. It's for everything.
I've been a hateful guy. So I'm full of hate. But it comes by me hating fair and
square. As Popeye's Pappy once said,
I hate the bobbies. God, I hate them. They're everywhere and they are false prophets. If they'll
say they're going to do something, then they don't do it.
Bobbies. Gimme bobs. Such like scum. Scum lower than pink boys. Yes, because they claim to be
subgeniuses. And I have to say only one thing to the bobbies. Thanks for the money.
But I wish you'd send more.
So, life offered a bitter pill up for me to swallow. A pill of just, just who the
Sogdini's were. Well, half of them aren't Sogdini's at all. They're some virulent form of malaligned normal.
Pathetic. Okay, they do. They literally pay.
They not only pay the role, all of them came out of mal intentionally
to slay the public.
Here we go, next.
On average.
I'm the specification.
round things, big heavy round things. The doctors bill the patients. The patients pay
the doctors a lot more money than they should because they're patients. I'd rather be a
hammer than a nail, my friend. I'd rather be a scalpel than a wound, sir. I'd rather
be the surgeon's threat than the wound that gets sewed. Although one, you know, one of
you admit the surgeon's threat gets ripped out from the trash can whereas the wound lives
on. The blueness of a wound, though, my friend, will never cleanse away the evil. And there
is evil lurking in the church. Evil traders to the subgenius church, yes? And I know and
the man in the car next to me knows and all the people around me know that even though
Ivan Stang will be brand new then the earlier he gets to be visited, he's never going to
This is in pre-scriptures.
That Stang will be branded a traitor.
Exiled.
Sent away.
Actually, disappeared.
Stang will disappear from the view of the Subdenys.
And he'll be glad to do it, too.
He'll say, let them have it.
Not yet.
Oh, no siree.
I need to make my money back first.
But, uh, yeah, they'll pin something on me.
I'll be damn near as bad off as the true Bob for a long time.
And so will you, Doug.
But we won't be as bad off as the...
As those who dare usurp the place of the true Overmen and of J.R. Bob Dobbs on X-Day.
No, no, they'll...
Nay, nay.
That Tribulation fire will be in the form of a fire.

Of a vacuum.
And ye shall know not the hour it come upon thee.
Like a thief in the night.
Like a doctor in the operating room.
Doctors of darkness.
Yea, they may be.
And yet, and yet, these doctors of darkness, sinners, though they were,
were the first to bring light back to the planet that had turned gray.
Yes, it's true.
Degenerate scumbags saved the world.
It'll say on the...
In the imaginary headlines of America...
And the planet.
And, uh, of course, it'll be America's planet.
But on X-Day, the planet will belong to America.
Hell's angels of the world.
Yeah, it's about what it'll...
It'll be like for a long time.
Dr. Wellman.
And whatever else things listen with ye,
in the seclusion of your headphones,
trapped within your skull,
between those selfsame headphones,
a code,
a word,
and finally it becomes a deed.
And from thence, it becomes history and lies.
Yes, all the way through.
And nothing, nothing is true.
Except for those lies.
Before they became...
puzzling evidence.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
They'll never know.
Because the prescriptors will trick you.
Yes, they will, Dougie.
They'll say one thing,
and you'll think they mean another.
And what they say will come to pass.
But, yea, like the monkey's paw,
you don't know what you're gonna get.
You cannot judge that book by its cover.
No, sir.
And it's a deliberate...
That's why we put that cover on there.
So they'd judge it wrong.
They'd think they could judge it.
Oh, they'd be judges standing in their pools of...
of unpeed urine.
Yes, for if they were standing in the urine that had been peed,
why, their minds would be free.
And their souls would be part of the great beyond.
Forever.
But instead they hold it in.
They're afraid to pee.
Yes, they are the pee-shy.
And they are also the bobbies.
And I hate them.
I hate the bobbies.
I hate the bobbies.
And I love myself.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang.
Let there be slack.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Ugh.
Ugh.
Well, okay, we're off the air.
Aren't we?
When the sky won't always be blue
And there's people outside trying to fool you
But there's three things I know to be true
And it's death in Texas and Bob.
That's good, I suppose.
Good, good in any way that we can bear the word of slack.
Bob's word of slack.
To the slackless.
Well, let us do it.
No matter how much money must be lost
Or blood spilled in our noble quest
For the greatness, not of ourselves, nay,
But of that man Bob.
That great fingerhead of knowledge
Who leads us beckoning, tempting, ever onwards.
Ugh.
Ugh.
Ugh.
Smell that church air.
This is a wonderful, wonderful life.
We've been born into an action-backed century, yes?
We'll live to see the end of the world.
And then some.
So I hope that if you are excited about the series of broadcasts on the cults
That you'll be sure and pass the word around
And have you and your friends and neighbors tune in next Monday
When we will pick up with our consideration of the cults.
But in the meantime...
You've been listening to the Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
For free information, write to
P.O. Box 181-417 Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118
Or see www.subgeniusradio.com
Praise Bob!
For sire, there is no more money.
We gotta get some money!
That dirty, purgish, hark-a-backed, flackin' whartin'
Philip Bunker Burton, Perkaluma Burton
Thurton Buster and I
Friends, we're glad you listened to this show
And we're even more glad that some listeners have donated enough
To help us keep on going for another couple of months.
And not just this show, but Subgenius Radio.



Subgenius.com and all the other archive sites.
But if you truly love Bob
And want some of that slack back to rebound to you
You should go to subgenius.com front page
Or especially the radio page
Or the catalog store pages
And help out financially as best you can.
Now, we know what it's like to be on the brink of total poverty
And we don't want any subgeniuses to make their own situations worse.
But some of you still have jobs.
Even five bucks makes a big difference
Even if it's only once a month from enough of you.
Fifty bucks makes an even bigger difference.
All we're saying is that
Glow jobs could go the way of Steve jobs
If you don't pay Dobbs.
We also take checks and money orders to
Subgenius Foundation
P.O. Box
181-417
Cleveland Heights, Ohio
44118
Thanks for anything you can do to help let there be slack.
You could get some money like you probably do.
That's fine.
And we'll help you get some money.
And you broke that post.
Stag money Bob
Subliminal Hypno Corporation
Stag money Bob
Free plans
Stag money Bob
Free pills
Stag money Bob
Free pills

Free pills
Stag money Bob
Kill me
Stag money Bob
Kiss trabajando
Stag money Bob
