It's all I can't love.
We're here.
We don't require your money. We don't need your money. We only want your soul.
And to wrap it up, to quote again from the book.
And slack is what you want. Slack is what you need.
As the Pope of all New York told the multitudes, with the fullness of slack, a change will come.
Slackness will enter your life. Slackness will make you see. Slackness will set you free.
Slackness is. Slackness lives. Slackness waits for you.
And yeah, send the $20.
Hallelujah.
Praise God.
We've overcome my obstacles in your way.
And it seems that you can't go over it.
You can't go under it.
And you can't go around it.
This bath will help you.
It will set you free.
It will give you wisdom and knowledge where you need it.
Praise God.
It will open your eyes where you're blind.
It will remove the blockage from your ears.
That you hear the.
The.
Self genius.
Our.
All.
Slack.
Now, no man can duplicate this bath.
This is a God sent bath for you.
To help you better understand current events, to put things in perspective, and most importantly,
to help you have that inner peace of knowing that God is on his throne and in control.
He's going to.
The church of the living God is preaching and believing and looking for the coming of Jesus Christ.
There is a clear and present Davis in our nation.
This world is destined for destruction.
It's doomed and it's damned according to the word of God.
Point one.
I am tonight setting a clear goal for the energy policy of the United States.
Beginning this moment.
This nation will never use more foreign oil than we did in 1977. Never.
Is this broadcast quality?
Or...
Is this broadcast quality?
Or...
Is this broadcast quality?
Or...
Is this broadcast quality?
Or...
Is this broadcast quality?
Or...
Is this broadcast quality?
Or...
Is this broadcast quality?
Or...
Is this broadcast quality?
Or...
Is this broadcast quality?
Is this broadcast quality?
Or...
Is this broadcast quality?
Is this broadcast quality?
Is this broadcast quality?
Is this broadcast quality?
Or...
Just relax.
Just relax.
Just relax.
Just relax.
Just relax. Just relax. Just relax. Just relax. Just relax.
Oh yes, oh dear friends.
A little bit of a late start there.
It's okay, we can make it up.
We always, well, we make everything up.
Except for one thing, the truth above.
That's something we never made up.
Never once.
But, uh, I sure would like to, uh, talk about this wonderful day we're having today.
Yes, here in Dallas at least.
I don't know about any in Rochester or Chicago or Stanford.
No, it's not still Earth Day.
But here in Dallas it's still Earth Day.
And, uh, well actually as a subgenius,
I'm not sure.
I guess you could call it Mirth Day.
When Jehovah One, that alien space god from a corporate sim galaxy,
laughs at our vain efforts to clean after,
to clean up after what we did last Saturday night,
or last Saturday aeon.
Mirth Day, when the liberals laughingly congratulate themselves for being liberals,
and when the conservatives congratulate themselves
for fooling the liberals.
And, uh, I know that there are all sorts of, uh, special celebrations going on,
all over the city and in fact all over the world.
I'd like to talk about some of those and, I mean, because,
well, you've got three more hours to make it to some of these.
In Peru, the, uh, to celebrate Earth Day,
the Shining Path gorillas will be hacking the art of the Earth Day.
They're going to be using arms off of 500 peasants in remote villages,
using them for fertilizer for the rare endangered coca plant,
and also using those hacked off arms to spell out,
save the Earth,
so that it can be seen from outer space.
Um, and then after that, the Peruvian army will spell out,
save the planet using the heads of Shining Path gorillas.
Um, other Earth Day celebrations, or Mirth Day, I'm sorry,
uh, in Japan, there will be feasting on dolphin steaks and whale burgers.
Uh, blue whale burgers, uh, actually.
And with, and, and, uh, dolphin brain, uh, I don't know what they call it,
I forget the Japanese word.
They insert these metal straws into still living dolphin brains,
right through the, the cranium of the dolphin,
and suck out his, his, uh, um, more than human emotional awareness.
At the University of Texas, uh, tonight, I believe,
a bunch of, uh, frat boys and Christians will be burning atheists,
uh, minorities, and homosexuals who burn flags.
And this is to demonstrate God's love of pieces of cloth,
over any human body that might contain an abnormal brain.
Um, uh, and, uh, fireworks, yeah, let's see, I'm, I'm looking over there,
I've got this really confused list, this is out of Time magazine.
Uh, there's gonna be a lot of firework, uh, exercises, um,
let's see, in Beirut, uh, they're planning to put, uh, rockets,
yeah, they're gonna fire rockets into three million people,
and, uh, three more school buses full of children,
um, to prove the, the arguments about God, and, and to,
you know, just to sort of celebrate Earth Day,
so that, so that we'll know that we've done the,
that we're all trying to do the right thing to save the environment.
And that's all that counts, as long as we think we're doing the right thing
to save the environment, right?
Uh, other fireworks, yeah, at, um, uh,
the Church of Universal Platitudes,
in, uh, uh, near Ye- just north of Yellowstone National Park,
they're going to ignite their spilled tankfuls of fuel supplies,
and turn Yellowstone National Park into one huge fireball
to bring the end of the world about, uh, they hope,
so that their fallout shelters won't go to waste.
That's the whole thing, they want to avoid waste.
Uh, let's see, what else here, uh,
oh, well, of course, the church of Universal Platitudes, uh,
the church of the subgenius will spell out
save the planet in golfer heads.
Oh, and the Soviet Union will ignite their own, uh,
gigantic celebratory fireball using gas,
natural gas that would otherwise have been wasted
warming the homes of uppity smarty pants in Lithuania.
Uh, speaking of which,
that's something I've been, I've been wondering about,
to tell the truth, friends.
I honestly don't understand why the United States
is so upset about, uh,
you know, Russia putting the squeeze on Lithuania.
I mean, uh, you know, uh,
we haven't threatened England,
or given England any kind of, uh,
you know, serious, uh, uh, disapproval
for not letting Ireland have independence,
and my, I mean, my gosh, the Irish have been trying to,
trying to do the same thing as Lithuania for, uh,
about a hundred years.
Of course, the Lithuanians have been trying to do this
for five hundred years, but, uh,
well, Russia's owned them for five hundred.
I mean, Ivan the Terrible conquered Lithuania.
I mean, what are they complaining about?
What I want to know is what about independence for the Texas?
When is Texas going to secede from the Union?
I've been trying to get people to do,
uh, think about that for years.
Anyway, in China, uh, soldiers from, uh,
small, remote villages will be injected with methamphetamines
and set loose upon all secret supporters of democracy
in the cities.
Grinding their, let's see, it says here,
grinding their bones beneath tank treads
to demonstrate proper waste disposal techniques.
China's always been on top of, uh,
earth, uh, save the earth sort of, uh, philosophies.
Uh, Mao, Chairman Mao back in the early 60s,
um, when people started wondering
why there were no more birds in northern China,
Chairman Mao said, well, the Americans,
uh, have flown over China with their satellites
and sprayed poison to destroy our, our lovely birds.
Actually, what, what happened apparently is that,
um, when DDT was invented, the Chinese just went nuts.
They thought, God, it's a miracle chemical.
They, uh, we can destroy all insects who destroy our fields
and, uh, wreck our rice harvest in one generation.
Destroy all insects in one generation.
And they saturated their bugs and ground and everything with DDT,
at least in northern China.
And, of course, that generation of insects was, uh, wiped out,
except, of course, for the mutants.
However, all the birds also were wiped out,
and that's why, to this day, you still see, uh,
mutated insects, uh, destroying the rice fields
and causing the Gobi Desert to, uh,
infringe further and further into the cities.
Uh, but you, you know, you don't really see too many, uh,
little birdies there in the streets of, of lovely, uh, Beijing, China.
Uh, uh, back here on the home scene,
the Bush administration, I believe, is going to,
the White House will be commemorating Earth Day
by selling all of our national parks to the lumber companies
because, and they're right, you know, the economy has to come first.
But, you know, the, the, the, the, but, uh,
all, all life on the planet can wait.
We've, we've gotta be, be able to afford life on the planet
before we can save it.
And they're also, I believe, announcing,
or maybe they've already done this, announcing that all scientists
in all nations have agreed that more research,
quote, more research, unquote,
is needed before any large corporations in which
the Bush or Thatcher families hold stock can be asked
to reduce, uh, greenhouse effect in any way.
Uh, if there really is one.
And of course that's up in the air.
We need more money for more research for the, those families.
And, you know, now that George Bush has glaucoma,
he's gonna need a greenhouse, dear friends.
The McDonald's Corporation has announced that it will donate
over 90 billion of its, uh, little white foamy containers
to the, the barren cattle grazing lands
that were once Brazilian rainforests
to show their concern.
And the Brazilian government is going to unfreeze the assets
of the Amazonian Indians by sending them the gift
of one million new, uh, Caucasian settlers,
strip miners, and, uh, one million chainsaws.
And of course, uh, Exxon, the company,
is going to spell out, we, quote,
we love the planet, unquote,
in 14 mile wide letters on the ocean
using lead-based paint.
A lovely, lovely thing.
And, oh, in the background, by the way, was, uh,
you've been hearing The Glans.
That's, uh, a new band in Little Rock, Arkansas,
composed of, uh, Sternodocs, KK,
Brooks, Carruthers, uh, and a couple other guys
I don't know, actually.
And, uh, by the way, I, uh, what, uh,
the preceding reports came in from, um, uh,
the Subgenius Foundation news service.
Uh, Palmer, uh,
Mer, Vreedes, and, uh, Pope S. Cecilia.
Now, also, Pope S. Cecilia pointed out
that we shouldn't forget that Earth Day
follows by only a few hours
the 100th birthday of Adolf Hitler.
Or, yeah, at least his brain, I mean,
his brain can celebrate its 100th birthday,
for it still plots on in that little jar,
that laboratory jar in Argentina.
Oh, and, oh, and, uh, one last thing,
just came in, that in India,
a Sikh and Hindu extremist will clean up
their environments by ridding it of
hundreds of each other.
Uh, dear friends, it's a, it's a lovely,
lovely thing, and, uh, I, I think that we can all
lay back and congratulate ourselves on
another fine Earth Day having passed,
and, uh, after, you know, the great thing
about Earth Day is after it's over,
you don't have to think about it anymore.
That's the most important thing.
Right.
That wasn't very dramatic.
I was supposed to turn off the mic, not the tape.
Come on, break down and become a member.
So,がんばって
ッ
The jet will jog, must lock off, we'll join the combat takes control.
They are Bob Dobbs, salesman of Bulldog.
Bob is calling, on the overran phone.
Bob is calling, can't you hear that time control tone?
For the spaceship, access the land, surf on the look plane with Bob all you can.
They are Bob Dobbs, salesman of Bulldog.
Music
Bob is singing, songs of matcha irony.
Vader is drinking, and watching his TV ministry.
Has the Stark mystery moon come?
Take a look.
For them gotcha on the road.
They are Bob Dobbs, salesman of Bulldog.
They are Bob Dobbs, will take us all away.
No more Bob.
Simple smooth hands will have their day.
Into the wild trails, slippery station.
Prepare to make some splash party, here's the station.
They are Bob Dobbs, salesman of Bulldog.
See you in sub-China.
Know that they long.
Change in the wind is the fifth Bob's cause.
They are Bob Dobbs, salesman of Bulldog.
Bob Dobbs.
Never.
Never.
Manga life was a manga life.
One drama song too many.
If you itch, you need soft and soothe.
Swimming, you know.
High temp today, 100 degrees.

Even that makes it the 63rd day this summer that we've been there.
Well, actually this year because almost the entire.
And if weather conditions had been different, the toxic cloud released might have blown over Manhattan.
And it's scary, it's damn scary, especially the fact that I got two kids.
You die normally, die with these chemicals, what's gonna do?
Aerid Double X helps keep you extra, extra dry.
Let your fears well up.
You have them.
Now don't deny them their chance to hear.
You claim your soul.
Know that within every man is a monster.
And this monster may create a monster.
A Frankenstein monster to bring your realistic world crashing down around you.
You say it can't be true.
Except when a species tries to destroy the universe.

You know any of you callers could just give yourself your.
And callers simply add your own sound effect.
損到ador
Scissorhands
X-Ray Delta One.
This is whiskey zulu foxtrot Charlie.
You read overt.
Turn me on Phil, turn me on.
What's the frequency labor?
Oop's too late, he's gone in to the shadow of earth 12.
Open the bathroom door, please Al.
Sorry, it's jammed.
Put it on zero.
You'll have to use the zero gravity toilet while standing on your head.



an
omelette for a year.
rather than rather.
Here's the instruction book.
Try the squeeze bag.
Well, all right.
No, I'm not getting this.
See you now.
I have to go.
Well, why don't you go?
We are checking your R200 M3 unit,
but we have not, repeat, have not found the obscene remark
reported by your HAL 9000 computer.
Fellas, this is new for us, too.
We're checking.
Oh.
Ah, here we are.
No, that's pronounced I'm on cue.
Stand by, please.
Stand by, please.
Here's the bulletin.
I'm on cue.
What is that?
What do you want to?
Many scientists with varying ideas of what could happen
have expressed their views that huge solar flares will take place,
resulting that could be disruptions in the television and radio communication
and a great deal more.
I see that I'm not going to have much time to go into this anymore today,
and so I'm going to carry it through tomorrow
and try to bring it to a more clear climax.
But may I tell you that all of these are warnings to us
to repent of our sins
and to get ready for the coming of the Lord.
But we can see great and drastic things that are going to take place on the earth.
Well, after we come through here and we purify through this plant here,
it takes out some of the chemicals in the mud out of it.
But you can't drink.
We can't drink it.
Nowhere in the world can you drink it unless you hold your nose.
Live by the river.
It'll also tell you about the prelude to Armageddon
and also some of the strange events that have been forecast for 1982,
some of the things that are coming in these last days.
You know, the future's a magnetic place.
Each year, a hundred billion are born into it.
Why, it seems all roads lead to tomorrow.
And you'll certainly feel at home
since the leaders here have chosen the architecture of the mediocritans of the middle class ages,
as the most relaxing and appeasing of all art forms.
It could be the old world charm of suburbs and franchises
or power plants and office buildings,
which might suddenly change to lovely forests and pastures.
But wherever you go, you're still amid the clean, ever-changing holograms of the future,
made possible by the amazing hologram projectors
and the careful planning of the folks behind the scenes.
You have no choice.
And our children will live, Mr. Beale,
to see that
perfect world
in which there's no war or famine,
oppression or brutality.
One vast and ecumenical holding company
for whom all men will work to serve a common profit.
In which all men will hold a share of stock.
All necessities provided.
All anxieties tranquilized.
All boredom amused.
The chemicals these factories create are welcomed by our modern-day lifestyle.
All the locals here complain
the campers commit what along this coast is perhaps the gravest possible crime.
They don't spend enough money.
Timelo, the ocean into the wild.
The essence keeps the wind from blowing
この attentiveness
We get a few
on an apparatus
that'll cut and destroy
any withת



we totally

nothing
to cake
our
over the rest. It's a lot easier than tearing all this up. We could air condition and it got rid of
the bugs. I don't know, it's just a lot easier to keep things clean. I mean, we got air conditioning,
toilet training for all our children. We've got all the rocks we could chew on.
But you don't need nature for beauty. The buildings here are inspiring monuments to
our adaptable workers. Oh Bob, oh Bob, oh Bob Give me food! Give me money! Give me food!
Give me everything! Oh Bob! Give me some food! Give me some money! Give me some food! Give me some clothes!
Give me pills, give me some food, and give me some clothes, give me some pills, give me some cars, give me some fire, give me this, give me that, give me everything, give me everything, give me this, give me that.
As shown in this diagram, the surface is actually the roof of a 150-story apartment building which encompasses the earth.
The future's treasures are housed in countless numbers in each of these identical levels, which contain the five types of reality to be found.
The corridors, work areas, metroplexes, holograms, and of course the units for eunuchs, which these content people call home.
Humans need not worry about getting lost on the way to their units.
They end up at a different unit each night, but it still looks just like home.
All are cleverly designed exactly alike.
The
I've got an apartment complex.
Here at the apartment complex.
I've got an apartment complex.
Here at the apartment complex.
Now.
Grease that competent level or lighting apartment life couldn't be more exciting.
Loaded room and clubhouse too.
I don't have a worry till my break comes through.
What?
I'm gonna pay the max nine after nine.
It's a tidal wave of suburban delight.
Hey, hey.
I've got an apartment complex.
Here at the apartment complex.
I've got an apartment complex.
Here at the apartment complex.
Now.
Oh, I know you like to live in the complex with me.
I'll tell you about it so easy you see.
Apartment life.
You can get your current range.
Or you can make it here on the minimum wage.
Each human shares his spacious total living unit with a different female each night, since
they are circulated to provide variety in companionship.
The unit contains two single beds and a large variety of luxuries, including the Eye of
Taxis, a crime prevention device, and of course, a normal machine, constantly supplying everyone
with the TV shows of your dreams.
Every single one of them is a good example of the life of a human.
Everyone watches the normal machine.
We should be.
My friends come over and they think it's so fine.
Well, they don't know that none of it is mine.
Rental furniture and colored tees.


They think it's a piece of TV.
None of my belongings belong to me.
For this life looks a real critical thing, cause I always feel better late through the
pain.
Hey, hey, I've got an apartment complex.
Here at the apartment complex.
I've got a parking place.
Here he'll dictate.
I'm gonna pick up.
Act like it was the end of the world.
Well, it could be.
Is money more important than people's lives?
And in their pursuit for private interests, a lot of chemical companies will not accept
legal aid.






It's not legal or even moral responsibility for the results of chemical waste pollution
until absolute proof shows that a specific chemical from a specific plant caused a specific
disease.
And treatment you receive when you do business with these industry giants.
It's frequently frustrating and to make matters worse, they don't seem to care.
You won't find this attitude at Bill King's Freiko.
Nor at K-N-O-N, dear friends.
Where, you know, you can write to the Church of the Subject.
Yeah, well, once again, we get these calls.
People going, what is this show?
Well, I mean, what we're doing is we're praising Bob Dobbs.
This is the Church of the Subgenius.
That should explain everything.
If it doesn't, though, you can write to the post office box number, which I'm about to
give, for free info.
Talk perfectly free information.
I mean, we wouldn't think of charging you.
Or at least not charging you.
We're talking about that kind of thing on a public service radio station.
So, you know, please write for free information from Bob.
Bob at post office box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214.
That's box 140306.
Bob.
Bob at post office 14606 Dallas, Texas 75214.
And, well, you can hear these subgeniuses in the background enjoying the show and praying
to keep the transmitter working.
That's basically what we have to do to keep the transmitter working around here.
Because, hey, you bunch of you ain't going to fork out your pledge money.
We're going to continue our Earth Day, our Mirth Day celebrations with this old, these
old clips.
Here from the old subgenius, Church of the Subgenius Media Barrage tape number 480.
It was an oldie.
It was probably put together in 1980.
Believe it or not.
Oh.
Been a lot of gray hairs since then.
But, uh.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Everything I figure is a hazard.
It progresses as the years go on and eventually we'll never be able to control it.
If you take a look at those maps that show concentration of the Earth, you'll see that






there's a variety of forms of cancer that you can, you can pick out the industrialized
areas of America.
Are you trying to drive me crazy?
Well, okay.
What do you mean, well, okay?
Well, uh, that is, uh.
You stayed up all night for this and all you can say is, well, okay?
Yeah, yeah, that's right.
Don't you feel mad?
I don't know.
Don't you feel like complaining?
It's show.
It's about all I can say.
Well, of course.
I won't do anything.
I'm not mad at all, but all, all the good old that do is get me hung up on, which is
gonna happen anyway, so I might as well complain.
It's a race, though.
Well, you may have to make it so far.
But still, still, you called us.
That's right.
Even though you knew that was gonna happen.
Of course.
I'll, I'll do it again.
Well.
Is that a promise or a threat?
Well, it's, uh.
I don't know.
This seems like all it'll produce is more death and horror as near as I can tell.
Yeah, and that headache lasts more than a year.
The valve is closed off and the, the eggies just aren't gonna come forth.
Well, we were trying to use a coat hanger for sperm and it still didn't work.
Well, that's because it hurts.
That's because it hurts.
The Hennison dropper would be a lot more efficacious.
So, do you guys want to put an order in this morning?
Well, a modicum of snuff.
Yeah.
Uh, uh, we're gonna have the, uh, what, the, the number eight specials for everyone.
Number eight, that's a Collins special with extra canned, uh, refries.
That's right.
And the snails.
The snails.
So, how many of there are you?
Hmm?
This morning.
How many are you?
It's, uh.
What, what does the counting start with?
Two.
One.
Uh, one, two, three.
One, around here, yeah.
Uh, I think.
Uh, six.
There's at least five, maybe seven.
At least five, maybe seven?
Seven.
Seven subgeniuses on a griddle.
That's right.
Do you want me to go to the store now or do you guys want to go on the way here?
Well, uh.
It's a sea of monsters as far as I can see.
The sea of pies.
The sea.
And there's a delicious gooseberry floating right now.

Let's go over there.
Oh, it sure is big.

What will become of the Gary?
This time there's surely no escape.
And a big hello to poor Reverend John Squirley who was too ill to attend this night.
Lucky guy.
He blew his mind out in a car.
That's right.
I should have stayed at work.
A crowd of people stood in jeer.
He was last heard thrashing in a bed, covered in sweat, moaning, don't let them take my
brain.
Yes, he invented the horizontal thrash dance and performed it the other night in front
of a vast appreciation.
He was a very appreciative audience of one.
Opening for Paul McCartney.
Oh, ow, ow, ow.
Now which one was dead?
Okay, Paul is dead.
Doug had the gun.
A crowd of people stood and squealed as his brain splattered on the window shield.
Yes, uh, dad rather.
He's rather sad.
His brain was just a forensic show.
You know, on the edge of the crowd there were a couple of people who actually seemed to
enjoy it.
You know, they have now.
Beep.
Oopsie.
Couldn't take the mustard so he got out of the kitchen.
Well, he made his bed so he ate it.
Well, maybe it was.
He had his bed so he slept in it.

That's right.
There's Dr. Cabot.
You got a button.
Where are you guys?
You're treating me like a listener.
I'm not doing it.
You know who operates it, right?

Don't put listening.
Yeah, well.
Catch you later.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
All right.
All right.
You're listening to the subgenius show.
Okay.
Now's your chance.
Subgeniuses.
That's right.
You can talk to some of the real people behind the Bob Dobbs.
The legends behind the rumors behind the headlines.
The subgeniuses.
Not gentlefolk.
Are all.
All assembled and ready to run wild in the streets until the gutters fill with blood.
You know, it's hard to believe people actually listen to this program.
I know.
I don't.
That's right.
That's okay.
I get scared.
Many a time I've stayed at home.
I've actually been awake and had the choice to listen to this show and I've refused to.
I have to edit these shows for mine but this time I won't have any problem at all.
This time he won't even bother because it's beyond.
I'm the pale.
Man, you, you, it's just hard to edit down such a beautiful thang.
Yeah, it's one man's beautiful shows, another man's poison, right?
That's right.
Now I know why in Ireland.
Just the way they do it back in old Ireland.
Oh, green, pink brains.
Hello, I'm the little troll in your cereal bowl.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure.
I like pink brains, green livers, yellow pancreas, pink heart.
And that's all that'll be left of you after you eat this delicious burger.
Well, it's a green grass court there, too.
Come along, Dr. Howell.
I like it, too.
It's time for the Brit store.
Oh, I like it, too.



I'm going to work you over.
Oh, dear, my old scrotum injury has started me again.
That's right, you're in sunny Ulster.
And sunny Jimmy Olsen will work me over with the end of a lead bike.
Yes, I shouldn't have firebombed that police station, but they were full of bobbies, and
you know how I hate bobbies.
Oh, bobbies, yeah.
Oh, bobbies.
Not that kind.
Not that kind.
Oh, I just had to blast them.
No, not British policemen.
I'll take my lumps now.
Oh, we got this whole thing backwards.
I was reading my script upside down.
You mean policemen from England.
Oh, that'd be one lump.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, enough of that.
How about it?
Can I speak to the Antichrist, to the Uncle Chris?
There he is.
There he is.
We'll check.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
Satan is Jesus.
If you want to wash all your troubles away, you write for the miracle special prepared
bath.
Send me your name, your birthday, and a $21 radio broadcast offering to help with the radio
program.
And I will rush you your package right back.
Now, children, I'm going to ask you to spend a little time on yourself.
So many of you, you get in such a hurry.
Yeah, and you get in such a hurry that you can't even hardly finish your show.
You know what I mean?
When you get to the point where you try to put together this sort of socially relevant,
Earth Day subjugated, subject to the...
Yeah.

...subject to the subgenius thing, and well, what do you end up with?
Just a big old pile of show.
And here we are doing the big old ugly pile of show, and my tape ran out and got no more
cool...
Well, I got a song here from Mussolini, Head Kick, that's a suitably sick commentary on
Earth Day.
You know, and you would think that we'd be able to keep up some sort of...
I mean, the subgenius...
It's supposed to be some sort of cool and groovy commentary on society and everything,
right?
No, sorry, it's not really that either.
It's a religion, dear friends.
It is a religion.
However, it's not a very good religion, but, well, we try.
And there's been some problems lately, I'll admit.
Actually, what it is, I've been...
Your host here, Reverend Ivan Stang, I've been working way too hard for about two months
now.
Haven't been spending much time on the show.
You may think so.
You know, you would, I'm sure, think so from the amazing tapes and rants and things, but,
really, you know, it has been...


It has been tough, and this is my excuse.
I'm going to give my excuse, dear friends.
Now, when I first got into this world-conquering religion business, I thought it was going
to be this fun, interactive thing with, oh, dozens of people.
Now, Bob Dobbs, himself, the guru, was a little bit mum about that, actually.
He never said it for sure which.
But, you know, and it is still a fun and interactive thing.


The first few dozen of us were still in constant touch with each other.
It's only the couple of thousand that came aboard later that we have trouble reciprocating
with in any slackful, friendly, and real way.
And it isn't because the church has grown into a gigantic monster too big for its britches.
I wish, I wish it had.
But, actually, what it's been, I've been on this film job.
I've been on this film job.
I've been on this film job these last few months.
And now that it's finished, I think I ought to tell you what it is so you can look forward
to it.
Yes, I was on a job.
I don't do that very often, only every couple of years.
But when I do it, it pays for but sort of negates everything else for months and months.
And these aren't Hollywood film jobs.
I mean, they're not glamorous.
This is Dallas.
They're demanding and they're time-consuming.
But they're the best kind of film jobs for me.
They're the best for a film editor and writer such as myself.
A documentary, feature-length documentaries.
And the way it works this time and previous times is like this.
Somebody idealistic and generally sort of dumb provides the money, raises the money.
And then my dear friend and fellow North Texan, the only daredevil maniac subgenius, and the
most famous Buddhist Gnostic film person, Mickey Grant, Reverend Mickey Grant, goes to these
exotic locales and shoots hours and hours of real stuff plus faked reenactments if necessary
for the dramatic impact.
And then I kind of organize it and cut it all together.
Now, I just finished the last film yesterday, literally yesterday.
Actually, when I get home, I have to finish it some more.
But...
And then after that, I have to start on the second one.
But I told him I'm not going to work 16 hours a day anymore.
I've got to work 16 hours a day for Bob from now on again.
So, anyway, what we just finished is a 90-minute feature shot on 35mm for a blow-up to 30...
What did I say? Shot on 16mm.
We're going to blow up to 35.
And it's called The Coochie Tunnels.
The Coochie Tunnels.
And friends, it is the Vietnam War as described by the enemy.
Now, see, old Mickey, he's a student of Asian cultures to begin with, but while he was shooting
another film about the Kentucky hillbilly and Christian, Stan Cottrell, doing this,
quote, friendship run, unquote, from Hanoi to Da Nang, Mickey arranged with the Vietnam
government to shoot like 40 different people who fought during the war in Vietnam on the other side,
describing their experiences inside this elaborate network, this sort of ant-bed-like network of underground tunnels
that extended from, well, I mean, right up to our air bases in Saigon.
And these are like soldiers and doctors and singing troops, propaganda cameramen, basically ex-Vietcong.
Friends.
People who lived literally underground for as long as 10 years, got married down there, had babies down there,
just about died.
This film actually has more one-armed people in it than just about any other movie I can think of.
And it's an amazing set of stories.
And through working on this thing, I've gradually come to...
Um...
understand just how this incredibly impoverished country of basically ignorant peasants
was able to hold out longer than the most powerful armed force in Earth's history.
Now, friends, just so you know, for those of you who didn't, regarding the Vietnam War,
politics didn't have anything to do with it.
The Vietnamese were just plain sick and tired of having Catholic foreigners trying to run their country, which is Buddhist.
And the saddest thing is, once they won the war, lost two and a half million people,
they were stuck with the other thing they'd won.
Communism.
And now, they want nothing more than to let bygones be bygones and do business with the United States
so as to acquire dollars and Madonna records and washing machines and so forth.
In fact, um...
This is interesting.
Mickey and Stan discovered when they were walking down the streets of Hanoi or Ho Chi Minh City,
the people would quit throwing rocks at them and become very friendly if they would shout out in Vietnamese,
uh,
me no Russian, me American.
Interesting how that turned out.
But anyway, these, uh...
I mean, God...
It...
Vietnam.
It was 20 years ago, but...
Those fiendishly clever, uh, under-equipped folks,
for 200 years they've managed to repel invasions,
not only by us, as they call us pinks, or call me, I speak for myself,
pink-skinned, deep-eyed ones,
but also the French, the Chinese, the Japanese, and a lot of other major military powers.
And basically proven that you don't mess with them.
And that's what they did with Vietnam.
Now, I gotta hand it to them.
On the other hand, I also have come to have the highest respect for the American soldiers who fought in that war.
The war happened actually almost before my time.
I would have been drafted in 72, but I had flat feet, praised Dobbs.
The war never made any sense to me until I started working on this thing.
But I have realized that our guys really did a really good job in that war,
but it was the other guy's turf,
and the Vietnamese would have held out until every one of them was dead.
Except for the several thousand that defected to the south.
But, all in all, I mean, politics and rightness aside,
I'm real glad to have been able to come this close to the war without actually having to fight in it.
You know, politics and right and wrong are pretty meaningless
when some other guys are trying to kill you and your buddies and vice versa.
And, praised Dobbs, I learned it the easy way in an air-conditioned room.
At any rate, Mickey shot all these interviews with people,
but he also procured an hour of the best footage that the North Vietnamese cameramen had shot during the war.
This stuff looks like this black and white handheld silent movies.
It looks like something from the 20s, basically, because their technology was so primitive.
They actually had to develop this stuff in the tunnels.
But, it's accordingly authentic looking and really intense.
And, on top of that, the film people in Vietnam built Mickey a whole set replicating the tunnels and provided actors.
So, we have all these scenes that reenact medical operations and daily life and so forth.
I'm talking about this film because I want all of you to go see it someday.
I have no, I mean, I've been paid. It's all over with for me.
I don't earn anything from people.
I'm not describing this now.
I say that for the benefit of station people here.
But, you can imagine this being kind of a fun thing to edit for the last six months.
The trick is that every word in the film is spoken in Vietnamese.
And, the whole film is subtitled in English.
I had to do like a thousand, I had to deal with a thousand pages of translations
done by Ho Nguyen, the emperor of all Vietnamese movies.
He was a Vietnamese American subgeni who also then wrote each sentence number on the strips of 16mm soundtrack.
And then, Reverend Ho and myself and another subgenius Reverend, Marshall Riggin, took the best statements and kind of arranged them for dramatic impact.
And then, I had to cut all those film sequences together using the numbers and...
...uh...
...once I got into art...
...then I had to organize all the old archival footage, the black and white stuff they shot, and all the reenactment stuff.
What?
What?
They captured an American named Bob Dobbs and then...
...he laughed as they pulled his fingernails out.
Okay, well, that was...
I've learned a lot of language now.
Anyway, so we cut all this stuff and then I've had, for the last three weeks, I've been cutting together the subtitles.
Working with the subtitles.
Which has...
...had to be exactly 35 characters length and two lines long and so forth.
And they have to make sense.
Plus mixing sound effects.
And last night I heard...
...I watched the film with the music and the sound effects for the first time.
Everything but the subtitles.
And it is a pretty incredible thing.
The Coochie Tunnels is a movie that I hope most Americans go to see.
Now, the ironic thing...
...but I, however, also...
...the lucrative thing, possibly, is that there's still a lot of people who think the war never ended.
So we're banking on protests at, and maybe bombings of, movie theaters by right-wing Vietnamese refugees, armchair veterans, and self-appointed patriots...
...who will generally think the whole project is about as traitorous as Jane Fonda.
And in fact, if that doesn't happen, the film never will make a dime back for the investors.
Nobody will know about it.
So we're hoping for sort of a last temptation of Christ reaction.
To draw some interest.
It's not that we're a bunch of commies.
It's just that it's high time that after all these American guilt trip Hollywood features about the war that you see all the time...
...somebody finally should do a film about the other side.
And, I mean, the Army ought to be...
...I mean, our armed forces ought to find it valuable.
It's like a crash course in guerrilla warfare.
And the Vietnamese have tried to do things.

They've tried to do things.
They've tried to do things.
And they can't.
I mean, they're stuck in the propaganda world.
And besides that, nobody here would ever see it.
Because relations between Vietnam and America have not been normalized.
When Mickey was over there, I couldn't call him, or vice versa.
We had to use MCI mail to communicate.
Now some of you all out there listening now are saying, what does this have to do with subgenius to begin with?
Some of you are saying, you guys are traitors.
I lost my life.
I'm a leg to those commie midgets.
And others are saying, you exploitative imperialists.
Why didn't you let the Vietnamese direct the film?
And to both of you, I'd say, you don't know nothing.
You don't know nothing.
The idea of letting real people tell real stories about real things doesn't even come up in some philosophies.
And cinema verite style documentaries are as alien to most...
They're totally alien.
In most communist countries.
Which, if you've never been to one, basically they're exactly, in essence, identical to right wing fundamentalist American thinking.
Communism and right wing fundamentalism in America are the same thing.
And if you don't believe me, try living or working in one of those places.
Actually, like the last feature that Mickey did, that I worked on, China Run.
It'll probably end up showing in big city theaters for about a week and then on cable for a month.
And then it'll be in video, but never make much money.
But, the FBI agrees with us that this is probably of historical value.
Because they suddenly appeared behind Mickey while he was driving home the other day.
Pulled him over.
He thought they were trying to get him for the little bottle of wine he had with him.
But, they pulled him over and said, Mr. Grant?
How did you get here?
Did you know the Vietnam government was going to return the Cameron Air Base from offshore Vietnam to the United States as a conciliatory gesture?
And Mickey said, well, I didn't know they were going to do it.
I gave them the idea two years ago.
Told them they might want to return that air base if they wanted to be buddies with the U.S. again.
But, I didn't know they were actually going to.
And then the FBI said, well, can I go home now?
And the FBI guy said, yeah, I guess so.
You know, Mr. Grant, we don't know whether you're a traitor or a patriot.
And he said, I'm both.
Good night.
And they let him go home.
And it does prove that Mickey wasn't as paranoid as I thought he was when he told me our phones might be bugged.
And although that doesn't have anything to do with the Church of the Subgenius, it's certainly my best recent excuse for having been hermetically sealed off from everything.

Well, it looks like we're coming down near the end of the show.
And I managed to talk out most of it, which was the whole idea.
I noticed that the USA Film Festival has been going on.
And as always, I was too busy to go to it because I was working on a movie.
That's always the case.
But, oh, by the way, Richard Peterson, who runs the USA Film Festival, is a subgenius.
Early subgenius.
He let us do a show at the Minneapolis Art Museum back in 83 or something.
And hopefully, friends, you'll be able to see the Coochie Tunnels at the USA Film Festival next year.
Other news.
I've got to put on some kind of music here.
Good Lord.
Other news.
We've got, it looks like there's actually going to be another subgenius convention, folks.
Heard in the background.
Yeah.
In the background here.
In Los Angeles.
And this is for sure now.
Los Angeles, June 29 through 30, there will be a subgenius world convention.
I don't know the address yet.
Next week, we may be able to tell you that.
But you better start buying your plane tickets now because it's going to be a fine, back to the tent show head-launch and revival and a general Doc Stock-like party.
You know.
One of those amazing, amazing things.
Yeah, well, I think I've had enough here.
I'd love to advertise a couple.
I got a box the other day in the mail that had ten hand-painted replica rubber bleeding head of Arnold Palmer's in it.
Now, to some of you people, that may, the phrase, you know, I'm not going to say it's a good thing.
I'm just saying that the fact that this guy's bleeding head of Arnold Palmer alone, much less hand-painted rubber replicas of the same, would make no sense at all.
But, you know, that's not who we're talking to.
If you want to know what that's all about, please do write to the box number I'm about to give because this show is about to end.
And much better shows will be starting up.
Friends, if you want to know anything about church and subgenius, just write to
this number.
These guys are singing here in the background.
Oh, I forgot.
I'm so used to not having to translate.
Okay, I'll translate.
Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
That's B.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
That's B.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
That's B.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas, 75214.
That's B.O. Box 140306, Dallas, 75214.
And, uh, uh, thank you for putting up with it.
And, uh, I guess there is something we can put on here.
Sorry.
It'll be funnier next time, really.
It was because of the damn Kong, man.
It was the Kong that did it.
Kong.
Isn't that some sort of demon superstition?
Kong?
Uh, no.
Captain, I believe it's a real animal.
And we're going to capture it.
Ha ha ha.
It was not the airplanes.
It was Beauty Kill Bob.
It was the real thing.
It was the real thing.
It was the real thing.
A warten 29, it's the reолж up relay 13 year old,
was the bomb the thing afterxi가요?



And if you're here, come on, blow that, let's all lay two legs
Give me space to breathe, give me space to breathe
Give me space to breathe, give me space to breathe
Huh!
Huh!
The poison in our water, acid in our rain
That ocean's blind, it's picked now, we all have been naked
The industrial corruption, it's kicked our fucking line
What's the national theme?
Oh yeah, we're all in the time
Give me space to breathe, give me space to breathe
Give me space to breathe, give me space to breathe
Huh!
Give me
Give me

Give me
Give me
Give me
Give me
Privacy
I accept it
fighter
