And welcome, dear friends, to the Hour of Slack!
Praise Bob!
For the next hour, sit quietly and we will control all that you see and hear.
Turn on the machine.
This is Radio Yerevan.
Wake up, puppet boy!
We are conscious of our responsibility and obligation to provide programs which will be enjoyable, entertaining, and tasteful.
There is absolutely no other possibility.
Copyright 1986 by the Subgenius Foundation and the participants.
You are about to participate in a great adventure.
You are about to experience the awe and mystery which reaches from the inner mind to...
The Subgenius Hour of Slack!
The practice of hallucinatory drugs was big back in then and they were hearing these messages that the Beatles were placing backwards.
From PR News in Washington, I'm 89 years old.
People are watching television in the tinder-dry Southwest.
Officials in Oklahoma are now raising the debt.
The Oklahoma Medical Examiner's Office reporting 12 adults and 6 children raised Friday.
On Wall Street, 8-9.
People dying today as a result of complications says this is PR News in Washington.
Ah, yes, dear friend.
Thank you for the collages, Lee Murr.
And thank you listeners who pledged for the movie.
The Kickstarter fundraiser for the Subgenius documentary movie actually worked.
They reached the goal of $199,999.
And then went another $6,000 over.
So we were all like, yay!
But then I was all like, oh no.
That means I have to sign all those rewards I promised to sign.
And so my hand is killing me just thinking about it.
Anyway, we are at Stang Ranch and Tarzan's radio station is set up.
But we're still unpacking everything else.
And I have to change our address on everything.
The internet and dozens of printed examples.
Our Cleveland mailbox will be there for another year.
And the mail gets...
It's forwarded to the house sitting...
Forwarded by the house sitting Subgenius.
And we're looking for a renter, by the way.
But the new address for Subgenius Foundation is...
Got your pencil ready?
P.O. Box 807.
Glen Rose, Texas.
76043.
That's Box 807.
Glen Rose, Texas.
76043.
Short!
Okay, friends.
I saved a radio synesthesia show that hasn't been on the hour of slack ever.
Saved it for this week because I knew we were going to be really busy.
This was recorded at WCSB on July 9th of the so-called 2017.
Right after X-Day Drill number 20.
Although technically it was hoped to be 20 X-Day, but it turned out to be the 22nd X-Day Drill.
Dr. Sinister kept Princess Wee and myself and Dr. Hal in the station for two extra hours.
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave called in.
And this is the first hour.
Praise Bob.
The First Hour.





It's going to be a long way.
An hour.
An hour.
A grand 30.
Five.
Four.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
This background music, which Dr. Sinister asked me to pick.
In this case, it's a Cincinnati band.
It's a Cincinnati band.










band called Mayan Ruins.
And I'll be
performing with them
next
Wednesday. This coming
Wednesday at Starwood.
In the portable
nightclub called the Puffer Dome.
With 360
degree projections by
Waking Dream.
But you have to be there to see it
and hear it. Well, we can't
call for action, but if somebody wanted
to know about it, they could check out.
I don't think it's a call
to action to say that one would have to be there to see
it. No.
Starwoodfestival.com
is the
URL
to check out if you were
interested in that. Starwoodfestival.com
one word. Princess
We is one of the co-directors
of that
world music and strange
knowledge festival that follows
X Day.
What a strange
coincidence that the
blasphemer cult
festival, well not
blasphemer so much as skeptics
of all rival cults
is back to back
mated with
in fact the
festival of all beliefs.
Including
the Church of All Worlds.
Yeah, including Church of All Worlds.
You can't have one without
the other.
Um, how did
you're familiar with the Church of All Worlds, right?
Indeed I am.
Well, that's right.
I told, I did
I explained all of that
during an hour of slack we recorded
at Wisteria, so I'm not going to go
into it now. But
they're cool. Yes.
They acknowledge
the possibility of life beyond
Earth. And they make unicorns
or they used to, out of goats.
Genetic.
That's a long time ago.
Why a goat? A goat has two horns that can be
slowly pressed together
and intertwined.
Well, the horned butt needs to be transplanted.
The first part of the operation
for Dr. Moreau's
laboratories.
Speaking of why a goat...
The stubborn beast flesh keeps creeping back.
Speaking of why a goat,
when's the last time the originators of that
meme showed up at X Day?
Well, the originator of that meme
was a judge who was
interrogating young
Reverend Magdalene.
And they haven't showed up at X Day
since then because
it's still a law in New York State
that that one individual,
Reverend Magdalene, may not
have subgenius materials
in her home.
So they keep them in the garage.
But yeah,
they took her kid away because
she was a member of the Church of the Subgenius
and she had made a goat
mask for
a little boy to explain
the sky goat who eats the moon
every month. That's why the moon
gets bigger and smaller.
And then it grows back and the goat eats it again.
Right, it was a science thing.
But, you know, goats, Satan,
New York family judges,
it all ties together.
He's been graduated from high school now.
So he's actually legally an adult now?
Yeah. They could probably,
you know, but it's got bad
memories for him, I'm sure.
And that's too bad because
we only are there for
enlightenment and enjoyment.
You know, there was actually an article
in, I can't remember
which one of the major news outlets
that I frequent regularly, but it's one of those
stories that keeps coming up about how
outside of New York City,
the rest of the state of New York,
its judicial system
is run by judges who have
absolutely no legal qualifications whatsoever.
And they frequently rule
on cases where there's a conflict of interest
and, uh,
this is one of those things that's
actually reported on repeatedly
in the media, not just the case
of Magdalene, but
numerous other cases.
Right, you would think that kind of thing would happen in Texas.
No! We did all kinds
of terrible things in Texas. Nobody cared.
Of course, we weren't Branch
Davidians.
Well, in Texas...
If you're a Branch Davidian, they'll firebomb you
and then call it an accident.
Well, in Texas, if you're
on trial for capital murder, there is,
there's no requirement that your lawyer actually be awake
during the trial.
That's actually gone through the courts in Texas.
Wow. Well, he's gotta get his beauty seat.
He argued that he was not given proper legal representation
because his lawyer was literally asleep
at the table.
No wonder my father was a Texas lawyer.
That explains a lot.
He was always so, you know,
well-rested when he got home from work.
Refreshed after a long day in court.
Hey, let's bring
on our favorite alien here.
Bring it on.
You're on the air.
I'm not, I'm not invisible.
I am twice as infectious and untrust.
I'm sorry.
Hey, we've got, we sold six copies of your book, Neighbor World at XDai for well above cover price.
We're talking to the author of the book Neighbor World, whose book was quite popular in the XDai.

It's called The XDai Auction, known as the Bulldowner Auction.
I only had 10 copies because they're proof copies.
It hasn't actually been published yet.
Making it all the more exotic and rare.
Yes.
Yeah.
You could sign it and put in pictures of like, you know, underage women wearing dildos in their ears and stuff.
Yeah, I guess you could.
You know, nobody did ask me to sign anything.
All these people came up and said, I hate to ask you this for everything.
I don't want to be a Bobby or anything.
I'd like to have you sign.
I'll sign my book later.
I want y'all.
I'd be honored.
That'd be great.
We do that all the time.
You get Dr. Howe, Princess.
We never own hands here.
Did a doctor like you in here?
Come on.
Nobody asked.
No, but in the end, they they forgot.
They were so dazzled by the wonders around them at XDai or so sleepy from the froth or whatever they smoke.
It's not real froth.
No, it's not froth.
Yes.
But everyone calls it that.
It's just the metaphor.
See?
Yeah, for cyclone grease and leaves stuck together in a humongous paste.
I think it's one of the worst things you've ever eaten, especially since you turned me on to live springtime.
I think it was Tuesday.
You mean spinach pie?
No, no, not horseshoes.
That's the call in Greek, by the way, called horseshoes.
Spanakopita.
Spanakopita.
Sounds tasty.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It is.
But you know, what if you were to say Spasibo, Nichibo or something like that?
Do you think somebody want to pull their pants down then?
Well, you're talking about eating a huge mass of greenish mulch?
Of course.
Well.
Why not?
Okay.
Our friends and neighbors says nothing that beats the flavor on the moist, moist afternoon sometimes we have around here.
Why are you be chewing until the moment of the rupture?
Because that stuff is...
Let me say al dente.
You need four stomachs to handle that.
Yes.
At least four.
I only want it if it's studded with some fatted cheese.
I don't have four stomachs, but I do have four colons.
Well, you could go that one step further and cover your entire body with dirty words.
That's impressive.
Descending semicolon.
Anyway, we have...
You know, it's funny.
I've seen people with like a semicolon for a year.


They're a tattoo.
Yeah.
And at first I assumed it was like to raise awareness for colostomy patients.
But no.
It's actually about mental illness.
Yes.
They want to append another unrelated sentence.
Which kind of makes sense because I'm constantly appending my sentences.
Maybe it's because I still have my appendix.
Maybe I need to have that removed.
The colon suggests that there is some linkage there.
Especially if you're cross-eyed or something like that.
You can actually see with the mask off.
Elliptical dependency.
Like, I mean, two traverses, syllogisms, and a leftward passage.
I mean, what the hell do they call that?
The name where the two vehicles don't resemble homicide.
You know, like one, they're like parallel.
You know what I mean?
Parallel destruction.
Not at all.
No, you do know what I mean, but I can't grasp the right...
Grasp the right.
The word...
Oh, it's...
Parallel development.
There you go.
You mean convergent evolution?
Uh, could be.
That's what makes different things that aren't related resemble each other.
Because the same forces, the same external forces are acting upon them.
That's what I thought.
Like when you have two advancements happening independently of each other...
In different parts of the world.
That's why Superman, an alien, resembles a human.
That's how Newton and Leibniz both invented calculus around the same time, right?
Well, that was the great minds running in the same track.
And it might be the gestalt of science ready to come out like Alfred Russell Wallace and Darwin.
Somebody was going to, uh...
Going to, uh, have the big theory.
I've noticed a lot of comedians steal my jokes, except they've never actually heard me tell them.
I'm not going to tell these jokes.
Well, now wait a minute.
You were talking about Darwin.
Now all of a sudden you're stealing his materials so you can get another one of those weird, you know, mug nights going on Thursday.
Well, Darwin gets a lot of laughs.
Where you do your ridiculous routine.
Have you ever seen Dr. Sinister's routine that he does on Thursday nights at the...
It's aerobic?
At the hollow log?
Uh, he's, uh, he's exercising, eh?
That kind of a routine?
No, no, he's a stand-up.
And sometimes it gets real oblique.
And one time a guy knifed him for not...
Because he couldn't understand what the hell he was talking about.
Well, that's a tough crowd.
Since my sciatica started acting up, I'm actually a sit-down, not a stand-up.
Well, it's a wheelchair accessible profession.
And an ADA device.
Anyway, we're relaxing now, and the tremors of X-Day have almost died down.
Even these awesome and confusing new revelations, which are going to change it unaccountably.
Speaking of revelations.
I've heard, Dr. Hell, that you have a new song.
Why, I do.
Or rather, I have an old one which was never appropriately decanted.
Oh, sing it, please.
We wanna hear it.
Decant it, don't recant it.
I'm gonna decant it, and I'm going to be assisted in the chorus once again by the lovely Princess
Wee.
You think this would be a good time to do it?
Why not?
Yeah, whip it out.
Yeah, let's fade out this background music.

You better fade Dave and me out, too.
Oh, why, you can't fade me out.
I'll fade Dave out.
You can't fade me out.
Oh, well, I don't know, you'll just fade anybody out.
I'll let it be a lesson to you.
Don't bring me down, man.
No, I, no, no.
There's a man by my sidewalk in, smoking a pipe and to me talking.
And to me, here's what he's saying.
Take up the slack.
Take up the slack.
The conspiracy is all around you.
Its willing slaves will crowd and hound you.
When its ways craze and confound you.
Take up the slack.
Take up the slack.
They will slander and defame you.
Putting up posts to shame and blame you.
And yet still and all and just the same you.
Take up the slack.
Take up the slack.
They will hack.
Have no understanding.
Denial of Bob by you they'll be demanding.
But your true yeti self will keep commanding.
Take up the slack.
Take up the slack.
Take up the slack.
Take up the slack.
That's the most beautiful song about slack.
Slag that I've ever heard.
Slag?
Slag?
Slack.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
What's that?
Slack.
What does that mean?
I have to say, when you hit that harmony there on the second repetition of slack, like that particular.
Is Dave still hidden?
Well, I don't know what he thought about that.
I have to say it sent a little shiver up my spine there.
That particular.
I like that.
That particular harmony there.
That particular gospel music of a tourist clear water variety.
Gospel?
It's possible.
It's the subgenius gospel.
It's supposedly good news.
Now I don't know what kind of news we've got.
It's all too new.
We've got alien messages coming at us saying that our basic precepts have been a couple of degrees out of whack.
Whack.
Whacked off, one might say.
Yes, it left us with dinosaur egg on our face.
Yep.
It's pretty painful to watch you guys crying on each other's shoulders like a pair of little baby women.
Well, we had to buck up and go on.
It's part of the theory is that it is possible that nobody is prepared for it.
And it did happen.
Well, yeah.
As it always does.
Every year we've, you know, it's just taken to the land of experience.
Expansion is such a point where it just goes on and on forever.
Well, we hope the church is sufficiently elastic not to snap at such an additional adaptability.
I love that song.
Yeah.
Revile, revival, up in the morning.
Get up, Elijah, let us not to look.
Well, we always get up in the morning.
So early in the morning.
Dr. Onan Canobite sang a new song at this X-Day drill.
It was like a gang.
Some genius sea chanty.
Yeah, a sea chanty that was like to row, that slaves would row to.
Yes.
For the good skipper Dobbs.
What a great song.
Break your backs for the good skipper Dobbs.
He had the whole crowd singing along with it.
It was great.
And the movie people were there.
So that scene will be represented in the subgenius motion picture.
Well, maybe for five seconds.
They seem very competent and they've got lots and lots of subgenius footage in the can already.
But who knows how they'll put it all together.
I'm going to try to help them do that right.
They've been everywhere.
They've been to Arkansas and L.A. and San Francisco.
I'm going to try to help.
Well, that's better than standing right in the way trying not to help.
You know, we've got those two in the church.
Obstructionists.
Oh, but they think they're helping us.
They're obstructing the entrails of the church.
Going to cause a foul blast of doctrinal error to come forward.
Which is really needed at this point in time.
No, you think so?
The reformation of the spectrum.
Of the spectators.
Somebody open a window.
Light a match.
It was the dog.
The dog.
The war did it.
See, that means it was staying because he shares the doggy bowl with his dog.
You know, we brought a huge dog to X-Day this time.
And he, dog person, was there all the way.
Well, they don't allow his kind down on the camp.
Couldn't bring him down to the landing field.
But he was up in the big house, though.
And getting used to the fact that there were...
There were some cats walking around like they owned the place.
You don't understand.
Those aren't dogs.
Those are cats.
You can't feed them.
You can't pet them.
What are you doing?
You must understand.
Those aren't dogs.
You must think they're dogs.
They're cats.
I'm telling you.
You must believe me.
Cats who don't back down.
It really does sound like Stang has had a complete and total nervous breakdown.
Cats that aren't impressed by dogs.
That's new.
That cat was so cool.
He was cocky.
Oh, he was the coolest cat ever born.
He's actually a former feral cat who's come in from the cold.
He's figured it out.
Figured that domesticity was the thing.
But he's not going to let any big old hound dog do anything to ruffle his equanimity.
He snuck up behind the dog.
That was incredible.
That was hilarious.
The dog had seen the cat go out the kitchen door, which is a glassed-in door.
He could see the cat out the door.

He was out there calmly looking at him.
He was .
Let me through that door.
Well, the cat wandered off.
The dog continued.
The cat climbs in the window behind the dog.
Who doesn't notice?
Who's still looking out the window.
The cat sneaks up, just saunters up behind the dog, sniffs his butt.
And he still doesn't know the cat's behind him.
The dog is just, there's a cat around here.
I'm going to get him.
He can't fool me.
And we're laughing our butts off.
There's four of us humans watching this and actually telling the dog, you're an idiot.
There's a cat behind you.
Right behind you.
But of course he doesn't smell English.
So the cat kind of flipped its tail and turned around and walked away.
The dog never knew that he had been made that cat's little, and I use this term correctly, bitch.
But there was another time when that dog did a big air bite at the cat just to show his hostility.
And the cat reached out and popped him on the snoot.
That's true.
True blood.
Just a drop.
Yeah.
It did drop blood.
It's expected that cats are allowed to be trifled with, eh?
Maybe there's something in the air at Westeria.
It's a kind of a magical place, see, where anything could happen.
You might even see a dragon in the bathtub bathing up or a flying saucer that is looking for its cup.

Eh?
Eh?
Tears.
Tears are magical places.
Or you might be seized by a giant prehistoric snapping turtle when you go wading in the pond and snatch down into an abandoned mine shaft under water.
That's right.
Or you might put your delicate little toes down and come up out of the mud with a silver ring on them,
which has a strange inscription that has never been deciphered.
That did happen.
That did happen.
And everything is possible.
Yes.
Yep.
At X Day, you never know what to expect.
And I walked out on the yellow trail for the first time this year.
Oh, you did?
Yeah.
You took the yellow trail?
Yeah.
Racine and I walked out.
We walked out for a while, and then we turned around and came back.
Didn't know how long it was going to be.
No one knew.
No one knew.
No one knows where the yellow trail goes.
And is it very, very hilly down there in the Ohio Valley?
Well, we were in the forest.
It's hellishly hilly.
It's hilly, all right.
And the dense forest grows all around.
A dense forest crawling with insects of every possible variety every year, every day of every year that we're there.
It is known as a biological hotspot.
We end up photographing some insect we've never seen before.
It's true.
Like that huge spider that was in the pond several years ago.
I was going through some old pictures, and that popped up.
Somebody shot it.
It was crawling on the floats.
Yeah, I had my shotgun.
I shot it with my shotgun.
That was the one that kept Nikki Deathchick out of the water.
She saw that spider, and she said, I will never get in that water.
Oh, harmless.
I saw all the slime at the surface of the pond and said, I will never get in that water.
Well, I was wondering about that because they say the pond is pumped full of filters.
Filtered water.
But I think the filtered water pumpers were off having a beer or something.
I don't believe that for a second.
Where is this pump station?
Well, supposedly it's there.
Supposedly it's there.
Has anyone actually seen it?
When I got out, I was covered with the oobleck.
And when every person emerged, they were covered with the oobleck.
Well, it looks like hair.
That's the funny thing.
It looks like you're covered with a bunch of hair.
It looks like you've suddenly grown a yeti.
Yeti-ish pelt.
Yes.
It is the single most disgusting body of water I've ever seen.
And I'm saying this as someone who grew up on Lake Erie.
They say that that brown stuff floating in it is walnut oil.
B.S.
Walnut oil.
That is bull.
That is a whole lot of bull.
Well, maybe walnut oil has a special rural rustic meaning that they sneer at the city slickers and show them it's walnut oil.
Yeah, those sulfurous gases ain't coming from the mud.
They're coming from your own body, senor.
Well, that deep tarn has not been sounded.
It seems to be bottomless since nobody's ever actually managed to measure the depth.
But it goes down deep.
Well, there have to be mounds around there if there's places like there's real deep water sources.
That's a former mine.
Isn't it a deep shaft?
Yes.
Wisteria was a strip mine.
It was a desolate mine.
A completely blasted place with no plants, nothing, no life.
And now life has come roaring back a million fold with it.
The state of Ohio put a million dollars into reforesting it and making it into that nature preserve that we now visit.
What's behind that?
Why do they bother?
Why do they put a million bucks into that?
Another odd thing.
Five years ago this year there was something they called the D. Rachel.
Where all the power around Wisteria went out.
And was out for days in a hideous heat wave.
And the food rotted on the grocery store shelves.
And nobody could get gas or do anything since everything requires a computer now.
People were selling bags of ice for $75.
There was no power anywhere.
The people of Kazakhstan will be leaders of the world because all their analog information is still stored in water.
Well, here's the interesting thing about that statewide disaster.
Wisteria did start.
But it still has power.
It was the only place that did.
We couldn't tell anyone or we would have been inundated by refugees.
But everywhere else was out for days.
And the state suffered more than $2 billion worth of damage because of this event at that time.
But we, the subgeniuses, oh, we had ice.
We had ice cream for God's sake.
We had everything.
While those poor suffering pinks were quivering in horror.
I had to say.
It was like the real X Day.
Yes.
On the other hand, it was so desperately hot that there were a lot of people who will never ever set foot in Ohio again.
That was the last time I went to X Day.
Some of them left the country, didn't they?
They left the U.S. because X Day was just a little too extreme.
Good riddance.
They're not tough enough.
The funny thing is we've had beautiful weather the last three X Days.
Yes.
It threatened rain, but it never followed through.
There was no rain.
It was cloudy, breezy.
Yes.
In the 70s.
Even cool.
When I got there and set up, it was in the 70s.
It was cool, man.
It started out cool.
Now, how about for the pinks in the West, in Nevada, Arizona?
It was what, 117 degrees in Las Vegas?
It was 120.
Planes couldn't even take off.
So you mean cloudy urine.
Planes couldn't take off from Phoenix because it was too hot.

So nobody could get out of Phoenix, which was a terrible...
That explains the whole dystopian, thematic part of it.
We didn't even need planes to fly where we were.
Of course, sir.
We could just just flap our wings away.
I've got to point out at this juncture that Texas also gets mighty warm these days.
Texas can be hot as a griddle.
We'd want to spread your loins out someplace like that where you could actually fry your ovaries just by thinking about it.
Right on the nearby rock.
Petroglyphs.
That's what most of them are anyways, a bunch of vaginal excopheries.
Are there ancient fossils of those who were there before?
Well, don't you think that those big gigantic fish ever reproduce once in a while?
Constantly.
Especially on Thursdays.
That's all they had to do, besides eat and blow bubbles.
What a way of putting it.
Yeah, well, these boxcar-sized fish...
thought everything else was delish.
You're talking about things like the Dunkleosteus?
Dunkleosteus, formerly called the Deinichthys, or terrible fish.
But then there was also the Xiphactinus, one of the rare, giant, prehistoric fishes whose name begins with an X.
What does this have to do with the future here, the future of Bulgaria and the corner of the...
They're all over Ohio.
Past sets up the future.
They're all over Ohio.
They're mostly just underground still.
Or in deep tarns, lakes, channels.
So, that explains in the theater the aspect of the third customer of hearing the Bulgarian music in the background,
which makes you foresee the future.
Also, it's not just the old Sequaw, the giant snapping turtle, who is a cryptic monster of Ohio.
There's also, what do they call, the Lakeland Amphibian Men?
They'll come from very near.
Though not from the wisteria ground.
What are they called, you know?
We brought that chart last year.
The supersonic Nazi hell creatures from beneath the hollow earth.
No, they're like...
That's a different group.
They're reptile men or amphibian men or something from Lakeland, Ohio.
Anyway...
Newt people.
It's in the crypto map that you can look up online, which shows where all the monsters are that haunt the rare, out-of-the-way places in this great land of ours.
So it's kind of like a sacred goofball ground.
I just remembered.
Where the water runs uphill and stuff like that.
I just remembered. We have that in California.
I stopped there. It's called the Lakeland Frogmen. I believe you can Google them.
We actually have...
Everybody's got a Lakeland, especially like you around here. There's Lakeland Community College.
We actually have another caller trying to reach us here. By the way, I've been remiss to mention...
So they go to college.
The number is 216-687-3515.
Can you stay bald?
Let's hear what this... Dave, let's hear what this new caller has to say.
Hello, you're on the air.
Dr. Sooner.
I'm sorry. That's not my name.
I know, but that's okay because I won't go into it now because you have guests.
And I have a question for your guests.
Oh.
Ask Dr. Howell.
Yeah, we're here to be professional question answerers.
There you go.
There you go, old monkey man.
Why do you call turtles Nazi sinners? They are our friends.
I never called turtles Nazi or sinners.
You know, Nightwing, I think you need to pull your head out of your ass.
We are not sinners, right?
You seem to manage to mishear every single thing that comes out of the ear.
No, we like turtles here on the show.
Oh, of course.
And we understand that turtles have not been adequately represented.
Represented or respected in the past.
But we were also talking about a cryptid species, which is a giant form of snapping turtle called by the natives in the Wisteria area, Old Sequaw.
That's a translation.
But there's also a turtle mound near there, which commemorates his existence in the pond.
But we like turtles.
And who doesn't?
Because except for Mitch McConnell, they're all good.
And too good for the planet.
I didn't get it.
I'm going to start crying and have a panic giant attack.
I didn't get it.
Well, there's also a YouTube video, which everybody ought to see.
You know, Mitch McConnell isn't 100% turtle.
His mother was actually an owl.
His mother might have been scarified by one.
I mean, there are stories out there.
But on YouTube.
There's an incredible video where a guy's pet dog plays in the backyard with his pet turtle.
And what's astonishing is that a turtle has any sense of play at all, let alone that it scrambles as adroitly as a turtle can and pushes the ball with its head.
And this thing goes on and on.
It amazed me.
It shows that we underestimate animal intelligence right across the whole spectrum of the animal kingdom.
Which a lot of people are saying now.
Some turtles have been trained in ninjitsu.
We've heard of those.
Those notorious four.
But this was like a, you know, this turtle was really into the game.
And the dog plays with the turtle as an equal.
And the guy just films it.
Now, I'm sure with the right search words, if you're diddling with the computer right now, you could find that video, which is an eye-opener.
And clearly not faked.
So, you know, a turtle.
A turtle may not seem like much of an intellectual or a games player, but that's just because we don't give it enough credit.
I actually have a pet turtle who is a red slider.
And she responds to my movement.
And she knows when she gets all crazy.
She knows when she's going to get food.
It's when I come to her and give her food.
And that's the most important thing in her life.
Because she can't get off that plastic island from out under that plastic palm tree.
That two-inch newt that we have displays a certain playfulness.
Yes, how about that?
She's going to be a friendly little doggy, you know.
This newt is maybe two inches long, although it is at least 37 years old.
Minimally.
It's an immortal newt, actually.
That is a weird, apparently true story.
It will follow your finger around the tank and it really seems to want more attention.
Years ago, I came here and they said, well, the newt died at last.
And I looked at it and I said, no, it didn't.
Look, it's breathing, you know.
Oh, my God.
Well, we thought it was dead, but it's still going.
And it still is, still making its way.
Yes, that was years ago.
Have you filmed any good amoeba porn lately?
The undying newt.
No, I haven't.
I did shoot some newt porn.
If you type in fig, the newt that time forgot, you'll see some special effects about that newt.
Great soundtrack, too.
He used to be the community chairman.
The last thing I did with my microorganism footage was two X days ago, I showed my collection of it and Dr. Howell and I narrated it and I put it back on YouTube with the narration.
It's only half hour long.
And it's highly edumacated.
I think it's called Micro Monsters on Rev Stang YouTube channel.
Can you dare to face the horror of the Micro Monsters?
Philo wants me to whip out more subgenius ads and short subjects for his subgenius Roku channel, but I just keep wanting to do nature movies.
Making subgenius nature movies.
Well, they are, but definitely not.
I'm trying to do a hot deadline to get that stuff together for those documentary ladies.
Yeah, they don't want to see any nature newts or anything.
No, I'm having to switch.
I'm going to be spending the next three months frantically going through every piece of footage of subgenius events I've ever shot, which is all of them, from 1978 till yesterday.
But is the quality good enough for the motion picture screen?
Uh, yes, if I go back to the camera originals, which I can do.
Once we pick the ones we want to use...
Oh my God, that is very hard among most modern humans.
No, I'm a professional.
Even if there's only 10 and you have how many hundred...
We're not talking about dilettantes here, but a level of professionalism.
I edited feature length documentary films for a living for 25 years.
And I've been collecting material for the subgenius documentary feature movie for 39 years.
And some of it is absolutely incendiary, too.
Yeah, most of it has been edited down, and I know where... I and only I know where the good parts are.
I can get to them faster than anybody else, but there's hundreds of them and I've still got to get to them.
But I've got them all lined up.
I have a 700 terabyte hard drive that's only half full, but it's got DV format versions of everything.
With the boring parts already removed.
The parts that are boring for me.
Now what I have to get rid of is the parts that are boring to everybody else, which will leave us 15 minutes of perfect fuzzy footage.
Boy, will they be tight.
And then the rest will be...
And you cannot let your dear babies be, you know, you have to be pretty ruthless and all that stuff, especially if you're, you know, doing part of it.
Well, Hollywood insists that we postpone no longer, but put up or shut up.
And so the subgenius movie is forcing all of this to happen.
They've been trying to shoot celebrities for us with video cameras because they want it to look important.
You know, it's not enough to have Dr. Howell, G. Gordon Gordon, Puzzling Evidence, Philo, Princess Wee, and Susie the Flusie and all that.
Old timers.
It's important to have celebrities who really didn't do much at all except for say a nice thing about us.
So we hung out with Jerry Casale of Devo and I believe they're going to go back and do Professor Mark.
I've been encouraging them to send me to Las Vegas to shoot Penn Jillette, Reverend Penn Jillette.
And I'd really like them to send me to Portugal to shoot G. Gordon Gordon since he let Bob get shot that one time.
We live in hope.
And even to blighted Ashtabula to shoot Lonesome Cowboy Dave in the face.
That's a go.
That's a go.
He had a giant on-screen close-up where his face looms over the audience.
Yeah, but they tried to get Robert Crumb, the cartoonist, and he said, as I tried to tell him, he would say,
I didn't have anything to do with Church of the Subgenius. What are you talking about?
I thought it was really funny.
He wrote a very nice note.
I thought they were geniuses, not subgeniuses.
I published their stuff in my first Weirdo magazine, but I didn't really have anything to do with it.
And by the way,
I'm too old and you can't film me.
Was he still part of the Bay Area scene?
Certainly not.
He's lived in France for the last 20 years.
He's been living for two decades and more in a medieval hippie village in France in a chateau.
So try that on your piano.
And he's got an agent who protects him, too.
I didn't even know he was still alive.
Oh, of course.
He didn't know we were still alive.
Right.
He went out of his way to say so.
The last time Mavridis talked to him, he said,
So subgenius guys, they're still alive?
He's 10 years older than me.
Come on now.
Well, he knew that you lived hard.
I bet Gilbert Shelton would say nice things about us.
He would.
I bet he would, too.
He jammed.
He did jam with us once.
Well, his wife is Mr. Crumb's agent, after all.
Oh, now it all adds up.
Yeah.
Okay.
All righty.
Well, good.
Are any of David Sheridan's relatives still corpusculant?
I don't know about that.
He left us a long time ago.
But you see, there is a trend where the girlfriend of the famous cartoonist drags them out of
the U.S. to a life of European sybaritic luxury.
But the rest of us are sad and straightened without the strong satirical voice our world
and country need.
Oh, my God.
What other celebrities could they try to hit up?
Pee Wee Herman.
But again, Pee Wee Herman was just a guy who bought a membership a long time ago.
Oh, I know who they're getting.
Gary Panter.
Well, yeah, Gary Panter.
But nobody, he's not really famous.
David Byrne.
And what about Mark Mothersbaugh?
David Byrne.
David Byrne.
And it's not, and David Byrne did take an interest in us, but got distracted with other
things.
Indeed, in his movie, True Stories, there was supposed to be a scene with a subgenius
revival which nervous Hollywood executives had to change to a standard religious revival.
And yet, for those who pay attention to certain details, it's clear what the actual thing
was, the improvisation, the inspiration.
Everything changed when the Hollywood money came from the Ed Pressman Corporation.
Up until then, when it was just an underground movie, it was God was going to do the media
barrage, and David Byrne was going to be the preacher, and Puzzling Evidence was going
to be the Puzzling Evidence.
And that's why Byrne came out with that song, Puzzling Evidence.
We didn't get it from him.
It was about our guy known as Puzzling Evidence.
Simply true.
See how they do to you in the sideways media that's part of their organism and their orgasm?
No, I don't hold that against the truth.
I don't hold that against the truth.
David Byrne in the slightest.
I know how that kind of...
It was his first movie and his last basically.
It gets to be overwhelming.
Yeah.
He wore a huge hat in that movie, didn't he?
He wore many hats in the movie.
But, yes, he wore a big hat, a big suit.
I know that for a fact he wore many hats, but didn't he have a big, huge cowboy hat
that was four questions?
Well, I know I don't understand your point here.
A big, huge cowboy hat, is that necessarily...
That's what Yankees do when they're in Texas.
A signification of...
A gigantic cowboy hat.
Of...
Put on a pair of caps.
...villainy, pure villainy.
But putting on a cowboy hat doesn't make you LBJ.
No, my brother is an actual cattle rancher, well, former cattle rancher, now goat rancher.
I've never seen him in a cowboy hat, ever.
What kind of hat does he wear?
Have you ever seen him?
You've never noticed him making love with the goats and stuff like that?
A goat hat, of course.
Oh, okay.
Why a goat hat?
He wears something like a gimme cap.
Hmm.
And it doesn't say, make America goat again?
They do now.
Why?
They sure as heck do now.
The greatest of all time ranch, or G-O-A-T ranch dot com, offers those t-shirts and goat yoga.
Yes.
You can go to Stang Ranch, pay money, and learn from a certified yoga instructor while in a pasture full of goats.
You don't like goats.
You're sure it's not goat yogurt?
Yeah, I was going to say, I like yogurt and I like goat cheese, so I'm like, yeah, yogurt
made from goat's milk.
Yeah.
But these are goats who do yoga, supposedly.
I mean...
Oh, yoga.
Yes, yoga.
One of them does the Indian rope trick.
Yeah.
That trick is very impressive.
It makes it a little bit more tender, right?
Isn't that part of the story of the old cat?
Just climbing the rope is hard for a goat.
Honestly, I read about goat yoga on the internet and thought it was a joke.
Then I read about it again and went, oh, there's really a goat.




There's really somebody in Oregon doing that.
How funny.
I'll have to tell my brother.
But why?
The next day, I'm driving down the high road of the ranch.
I look down at the goat pasture and there's a dozen young women in yoga sweat clothes
doing goat yoga.
Not only was it a real thing, it was happening in my backyard.
On your property, you've got these leotard-wearing devotees who are in danger of having their
yoga mats nibbled by a wolf.

Wandering goats.
That's true.
I'm sure this was invented by a very lonely goat herder who just wanted to see a bunch
of women in tight clothing.
Well, it's caught on by wildfire.
Back when he was a very, very small baby.
Now they call it the-
That's when he climbed out of the womb and said, this is planet Earth, you know?
Because that was the cave that was holy to his family and the refugees and stuff.
I know all about that Middle Eastern stuff because I was a refugee too one time.
Yeah.
From the lands of goats and Jehovah, you mean?
Oh, well, goats and Middle Eastern flavors go together, especially when they got, you
know, the heads removed, the cabriolet suza.
And sometimes they can make them fart in little bottles at state fairs in different parts
of the area.
And paint it.
Yeah.
Goat chinkum.
Who's ever heard of it?
We laughed at the shot of real things.
Goat chinkum.
Oh, yeah.
You know, you've heard of the downward dog.
Now you're going to hear about the downward goat, I guess.
I just-
I just can't keep up with it.
A downward facing goat.
They do have the eyes of Satan.
They do.
That's why I love them.
Yeah.
What have they done to his eyes?
That's what Rosemary's baby said.
They goaded him up.
No, they-
Their pupils are a bit puzzling.
Yes.
They have those slant and dicular eyes that look out at you out of the corner.
Man, I'm getting hungry for some goat now.
Like I can seriously go for some goat vindaloo.
Where do you get it?
Goat vindaloo.
Where do you go to have Cabrito in this city?
A non-vegetarian Indian restaurant.
Cabrito can be quite delicious, but when you think of what you're really eating, then
you get sad.
You can get Birria Michoacan at La Plaza.
It's mostly on the west side.
Yeah, figures.
But they're probably, their kitchen's probably closed at this hour.
Right.
There's a Jamaican place on the east side that serves goat only on Tuesdays.
It closed.
Oh, they closed?
I thought it was goat custard.
Well, so much for the-
And we never made it there.
If we're going to have any goat, we're just going to have to rustle one of my brother's
goats or buy it, kill it, which is hard for me to imagine actually because they're so
cute.
They are adorable.
They are.
Strain it.
The cuter they are, the more fun it is to kill them.
Skin it, gut it, in something like that order.
Chop it up.
You hang it up.
And it has to be a baby because the grown ones are tough.
They're too tough.
Yes.
And then you whip it.
Thrice Whippet Goat is the finest.
Thrice Whippet Goat?
Then you put it on your Rolling Stones album cover and Bob's your uncle.
And you get Alessandro Jodorowsky to come over and make an incomprehensible movie of the flayed, hanging, dead goat.
Yeah, an Andalusian dog.
You get to walk around like in a satanic ritual and stuff like that.
To do the downward Andalusian dog.
Oswald, J.R., Lee Harvey, Ozzy, Oswald.
The Lee Harvey wallbanger at the bar, the full bar.
Damn right full bar.
We don't have no monkey words.
I can't see what you think.
Man, you can see the kind of noises they're making nowadays.
I can see.
Trouble in Congress and throughout this could end the world tomorrow.
As we speak.
Yes, well, we know that won't happen.
It only will happen, well, actually we are now less sure as to when it's going to.
We can't go away.
These new revelations are going to cause us to do some recalculating.
It might happen and we might die.
Yes, tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
But I think we're going to go to Starwood Festival instead.
Well, we would have done that either way.
I've been saying for...
For 22 years now.
Starwood will be on my escape fest.
Yes.
But if worst comes to worst, it'll still be at the campground.
Well, I was going to beam the campground up.
Yes.
A new heaven and a new earth.
Right.
Everything will be redone and fresher than usual.
It's like watching two people turn into Trotsky and Lenin.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
No.
One so far to the left, he's actually to the right.
The other one so far to the left, right.
The pendulums flung all the way out there and stuff.
Heredity or environment?
Environment.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah?
You think environment?
Okay.
Well, probably, yeah.
I mean, they weren't born to be Trotsky and Lenin.
You can't, you know, do your weightlifting drills and everything.
Why the hell are you here on earth?
Eh.
Eh.
Well, one must persist until one dies.
Does it the right way.
Oh, man.
You just turned my stomach like a pound of butter.
That's right.
Practice makes perfect.
And that churning, butter-filled stomach only shows that we don't do it in a blithe way,
but are afflicted with peril and must behave in a valorous fashion to ascend this summit.
That's why you see Hindus believe in dogs.
Or Hindus believe in more than one fashion.
Well, they've got a huge pantheon to keep track of.
All we have is a guy with a pipe.
Oh, so true.
And that...
Was that him?
Well, we...
Did you hear that bleep sound?
It sounded like a bleep sound.
It sounded like Bob was peeking through the wires underneath the brush.
Bob don't bleep?
Does Bob bleep shows?
I don't think Bob cares what anybody says.
He's a pathetic freak.
Damn you.
Can't you see that?
He's the world's most slackful individual.
That's why we never see him at X-Day, I suppose.
Of course, he used to come to subgenius shows, but that puzzling evidence guy would always shoot him dead.
He's met with jealous hostility from the head of other cults.
Well, he did.
Actually, puzzling evidence was just the only person following Bob's orders,
because Bob had specifically said...
Much like the Buddha suggested, if you see me on the highway, kill me.
I've...
I...
And most people took that as some sort of a Zen thing.
Plus, they didn't actually see Bob anywhere on the highway.
I've seen Bob.
Or if they did, he was going too fast and shot right by him.
I thought he was Bob, officer.
I've seen Bob get killed.
Am I?
I've seen it happen.
Oh, I've seen it happen, yeah.
I was right there.
I didn't even have to lift a finger.
I was about to do it, but...
You know, he walked into this coffee shop I was at, and...
I've heard this story.
Yeah.
Yeah, this...
No, it's true.
He met Bob.
Yeah, and like he...
You know, they're telling him,
Hey, man, you can't smoke that pipe in here.
And, of course, asking Bob to remove his pipe from his mouth
is like asking you or me to remove an arm or a leg.
Yes, about the same, actually.
Yeah.
It's just really impossible.
And he just stood there grinning at the barista.
All he can do.
That's all he has to do.
That's all.


He has to do.
And 99% of the time, actually 100% of the time,
he'll get something good out of it.
In this case, though, it resulted in him
eventually getting chucked out the front door
and thrown into the street right as a bus came along.
And ran over.
Ran over.
Thrown under the bus.
And after the bus went by, he was gone.
There was no trace of him.
The next day, I saw him...
The next day, I saw him walking down the street again.
And I was like, oh, my God.
That time, I killed myself.
It felt pretty good.
Wow.
Yeah.
I can remember...
He loved it.
He loved every minute of it.
He was smiling through the whole thing.
I bet.
It wouldn't happen if he didn't want it to happen.
He's like that.

Even the worst things that happened to him are good luck because he is...
It provides benefit in some unknown way.
Yeah.
Sometimes he wants pain as contrast.
I guess it's an unconscious thing.
He has so much slack.
He has so much slack.
I thought he got a little bit of pain.
He's getting tired.
I thought he got a little bit of pain.


He's getting tired of having slack.
He's getting tired of having other side flavors.
He's saying, please, I've had enough slack.
He says, give me slack or kill me, but you cannot give him slack because he's literally
saturated with it.
But you certainly can if you want to kill him.
Which is why you have to kill him.
I think it's the subgeniuses in general who say, give me slack or kill me, and it's...
Actually, it was mainly sterno.
Yes.
The uncompromising.
But, you know, I mean, like I've heard that all the luck in the universe...
In modern, you know, millennial periods of time, like 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000, 2000,

2011 and stuff like that, I think it's just far too ridiculous.
I've heard that he's like a black hole when it comes to luck.
Like all the good luck and bad luck in the universe gets sucked into him and it comes
out as just whatever.
It's distorted as it is sucked in.
It changes in nature.
I believe...
See, all right.
So, you know, a lot of people talk about Jesus Christ being the Lord because he rose from
the dead.
Well, you know, Jesus only did that once.
How many times has Bob...
Died and come back, huh?
Right, right.
Then the Jehovah's Witnesses only waited for the end of the world like 17 times.
And we've waited 22 times for the end of the world.
They're amateur.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And like, you know...
Just because there's 88 keys doesn't mean that nobody's singing the Santa Claus or playing
the wrong song.
And Jesus said that he is the Alpha and the Omega.
Well, Bob is both the mouth and the anus of the universe.
How's that for your Alpha and Omega?
Yes, but that's absurd.
But he's almost the Monsieur.
Well, I don't know.
You know, that's pretty much all it is, is unassigned flavors.
That's why I'm for a real Ray Dopretto Originalist doctrine and stuff.
Not everything is on the menu, though.
Speaking of mouths and...
He's stricken from the menu a few times.
Speaking of mouths and anuses, this is WCSB Cleveland 89.3 FM.
And blind mouths that feed.
Portions of the following broadcast will be objectionable to some members of the audience.
Therefore, WCSB advises listener discretion.
Please contact your local WCSB representative.
The views and opinions expressed on this program are not necessarily those of WCSB or
Cleveland State University or anyone with their head screwed on straight for that matter.
You're listening to a very special episode of Synesthesia, guest hosted with Dr. Howell,
Princess We Are Doe, and the Reverend Ivan Stang.
I am Dr. Sinister.
And I am Dr. Sinister and I am actually cutting out early as I have for the last few weeks
here.
Oh, cutting out.
This is a temporary arrangement.
So, we're going to pause here.
To flip CDs, I guess.
To do the big switch over.
To do the big switcheroo on you.
I will be back next week.
That's not a threat.
That's a promise.
Until then, you keep it surreal.
And stay tuned for more madcap fun.
Woo hoo.
I'm on some cowboy Dave, I forgot to tell you.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

.

.



