Hey!
The Self Genius Power of Squash!
Oh no!
Good?
Oh, the poor dying.
You make me sick.
All of you.
What are you trying to do?
I like the frax calls.
Oh no.
Anyone else want his head bashed in?
Oh no!
From PR News in Washington, I'm Schist.
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice met with French leaders in Paris today where she spread avian influenza.
We believe firmly that the world should be caught by a very dangerous avian flu.
Schist.
European Union experts held a dead turkey.
Social Schist.
Social Schist.
Social Schist.
Social Schist.
PR's banned.
PR's bad.
PR's bad.
On Wall Street, 110-247-926.
You're listening to PR News.
Today, the Federal Reserve was the largest in more than 23 years.
U.S. consumer prices jumped by soaring slightly.
There are few people.
People are living in the streets as a massive security presence deploys ahead
of tomorrow's PR News in Washington.
We have two completely different things for you tonight, friends.
One is mostly me talking in a recent interview on a video podcast called My Family Thinks I'm Crazy.
It was a lot of fun.
It's just the first half hour of a very recent two-hour interview show.
but mostly talking about the old days.
The other thing has none of me talking,
but it has Dr. Howell, Puzzling Evidence, Rusty Rebar,
Bubba Free M. Ho Pep, Michael Pepe,
the late Peter Goldie, Dr. Philodrummon,
and the good Bishop Joey from the First Church of the Last Laugh,
also known as Ed Holmes, and callers.
And that half hour is from an Ask Dr. Howell show on Radio Valencia,
I think from around 2013 or before,
because it was the pre-recorded first half of the Puzzling Evidence show of October 2013,
of which I played the last half just with Philo last week.
Is that clear?
So even though it's old, it's not about the old days like the newer show with me is.
So anyway, thanks to Time Conductor,
Controlled Techniques, it's all new to Hour of Slack,
and I didn't have to spend too much time editing.
I'm busy with other archival projects.
In fact, I got a gizmo called The Wolverine
that copies one's old 8mm and Super 8 films to digital at two frames a second,
and I can finally see all those unlabeled reels of film from 1965 to 1970.
Or 81.
It includes the one shot that Sandy Boone would have killed for for her documentary.
But more on that once us morons are done yapping, yakking, and yattering.
See, what's the error?
Because in those days, the conspiracy wasn't in the church.
And that's what I'm talking about tonight.
The conspiracy in the church.
Yeah!
Oh!
Oh!
I've been caught up in the conspiracy.
With the conspiracy.
And I'm not an artist.
I'm a preacher.
I don't make my living at this.
I have to make my living doing other things.
See, horrible thing for them.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
The church is filling up with pink balls.
Woo!
Yeah!

Yeah!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Yeah!


You can't play stuff genius!
They're the ones who go, oh, Reverend Stein, I think Bucky's real funny, and doctors
for Bob are real funny, but Reverend Stein, he talked about all that serious stuff, and
it didn't make me depressed.
And I say, little Bobby, you shouldn't be depressed, because you're going to burn in hell!
Yeah!
Yes!
Wow!
We true apostles of God are in that mother ship waving to those poor people...
Yeah.
get started i don't know if if you've been on a podcast before but you're certainly a veteran
in the broadcasting game you have over 19 000 radio episodes according to you you also told me
that you're going to mix it up so who knows if that's the truth or not but welcome to illuminati
confirm where everything you say can and will be used for humorous and satirical purposes by the
court of we three unruly degenerates i'm your host mystic mark tuning in our audience of
thoughtful wingnuts joining me is my co-host juan from the juan juan podcast how you doing ivan
so far so good and chris what up mensa podcast how are you nice to meet you love the hat
that guy's smoking a frog stick
it's a vape oh he's he's he's smoking we'll be we'll definitely be smoking on this episode
because i think we're in for an interesting conversation you've been in the realms of
alternative culture for much longer than i've been alive juan juan and i have been studying as
much as we can about the church of the subgenius but we are i was hoping you didn't know you said
you didn't know anything about it
and didn't need to know the jargon we're trying we don't want to get blindsided but you know i'd
love to learn a little bit about more more about who you are sir and where this all started for you
can you take us back to maybe what first woke you up to the fact that our world our society our
reality is consistently lying to us is something that we like to talk about on the show often you
know the reality reality is that we're kind of moving in the wrong direction and the reality is

is stranger than fiction, and I think the Church of the Subgenius exemplifies that.
But when did this weirdness really start for you, sir?
Well, it's hard to say, because the last thing I remember, I was trying weed for the first time in seventh grade.
And I just sort of woke up here.
So I was hoping you guys could explain it to me.
Where are you in time?
Well, actually, some of it has come back to me.
Around 1975, I was struggling to support a family with my job of doing offensive animated underground cartoons that didn't make any money.
And this Yellow Pages salesman showed up, Philo Drummond, and trying to sell me a Yellow Page ad.
And I said, well, I can't.
I can't buy an ad because I'm not.
I don't.
My business doesn't make any money.
And he said, well, well, if you like working for nothing, maybe I have a job for you.
And but then he said, but but first, do you want to get high?
And I was real surprised because I didn't look at that time.
I didn't look like somebody that would smoke pot.
I was real, real.
I kind of looked like Elvis Costello, if you remember.
So now now I now when people offer me pot, I can say, do I look like somebody who'd smoke pot?
Oh, yeah.
That's that's kid stuff for me.
I we subgeniuses smoke.
I have a prop.
So if you lost.
Wait, wait, wait.
Can we can we go into the words, though?
Sometimes you keep using these.
Have her have her for up.
If you love to.
But we just say frock for short.
But it's a Tibetan word on a lot of this stuff.
It's Tibetan.
OK, that's what's in the pipe, right?
I don't know why.
I'm not sure why.
But but nonetheless, at one point there there was some stuff going on in Tibet.
This is shortly after Philo.
Got me high and this is right at my house.
Luckily, the kids were gone.
The next thing I knew I was in a cave somewhere and I was being pounded and abused from behind.
And I was just being sodomized savagely.
And I couldn't really turn around to see, but I could just hear this horrible low chuckling that scared me.
And there was this monster with a huge swollen head in front of me kind of holding me down.
And he was also laughing.
But you're about to laugh.
I'm then then I kind of passed out again.
And when I woke up there, there was.
The creature with the giant head.
Like the head was there.
He was there, but the head deflated and slowly and it was Philo.
And he said, say, now that you're here in Tibet.
I'm like, what?
Yes, I'd like you to meet Bob.
My friend, J.R.
Bob Dobbs.
Me.
I mean, I.
Hail Bob.
I turned around and there was there was Bob standing there and he stood there.



He stuck his hand out and said, hey, would you like a job?
And I was going, no, I need a painkiller for my butt.
And he goes, I hear you like to work for nothing.
How much do you pay me for a job?
And I just went for some reason, this guy just I would do anything I wanted to give him money.
And so I did.
I gave him all the money I had on me, which was only about thirty five cents.
But he was real impressed by that.
He said, you're hired.
And.
And the next thing I knew, I was back in Dallas again in my little hovel.
And Philo told me, started telling me about Bob's teachings.
It turns out this guy was a salesman like Philo, but he was like the saint of sales.
He was the greatest.
He had supernatural sales power and he could sell, for instance, religion to an atheist.
Which.
Uh.
Uh.
I guess I wasn't then.
I believed in almost everything.
I was really gullible, but I believed in Bob more than anything.
And Philo basically said, Bob wants us to start a little publishing company and sell pornography and drugs and and and his teachings as a religion.
I was like, I don't know anything about religion.
He goes, Oh, sure you do.
Let's get, you know, all we need.
We just we need an enemy.
That's the conspiracy.
We need a special name to make us be different from everybody else.
That's subgenius.
Because, you know, if you were a genius, staying, you'd be rich by now.
But you're just a subgenius.
Well, that explains it.
And he a long story short, he ended up getting me to do all the work and put together these little pamphlets.
I got some right here.
Pamphlet.
Pamphlet number one.
This thing was published in January.
Nineteen.
Eighty.
So it's really easy to date.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
You won't die if you join the Church of the subgenius.
At that time, it was only ten bucks and we didn't know what we were going to send people for ten bucks.
So we studied the Masons.
We said the direct mail ads of all the cults that were very.
But successful, the Masons, the Scientologists and a lot of obscure ones.
And we had a bunch of weird ads like the Church of Beaver Cleaver and stuff like that.
I didn't even know who the discordians were, except that I had read Illuminatus by Bob Wilson and Bob Shea.
And that mentioned the discordian had a bunch of funny stuff in this discordian religion.
But I thought it was something Shea and Wilson had made up.
It turned out it had been it had been made up by a completely different bunch of weird.
I mean, it was Greg Hill and Kerry Thornley.
I'm going to I'm going to pause for a second.
This is our next book.
It's it's Kerry Thornley's autobiography of how he got sucked into the JFK assassination.
Oh, wow.
What does that come out?
Yeah, he ended up being a sort of a friend of ours.
He's been dead for a long time now.
When's that book coming out, sir?
As soon as I finish the foreword.
I think.
OK.
My friend, O'Neill, really assembled it.
I didn't I didn't really know that much about Thornley, except that he was crazy and paranoid.
But now his book is quite clearly written and he doesn't.
His main concern is that he sounds crazy and paranoid.
He was really worried about becoming crazy and paranoid.
And he really did.
He actually did become crazy and truly paranoid, which is kind of sad.
But but he did.
He did.
He did write that.
But anyway, the next thing I knew, we did this little pamphlets.
We were just going to leave them in laundromats, you know, like chick comics or Jehovah's Witness watchtower magazines.
That was kind of what we were aspiring to.
We were going we hope to someday do.
Pamphlets as richly illustrated as the Jehovah's Witnesses.
And we had all we had was clip.
Art that came from the yellow pages.
Yellow page clip art.
Remember, Philo was a yellow page salesman.
That's where we found the picture of Bob.
He Bob had been posing for ads and magazines and TV for decades already.
Just to sort of plant hints of this presence.
And we had found all these pictures of him in old magazines.
You know, he'd be selling Dobbs hats or pipes or he'd always be in a hand.
And his wife or somebody would be mowing the lawn or he'd be fishing.
He obviously had slack in all these ads.
That was the other element of the religion.
What do you have to offer the believers?
And that was slack.
The conspiracy, which is all people who are not subgeniuses are are trying to rob away your slack.
That's obvious.
You know, you can't argue with that.
The duh.
It just that explains everything.
So but there was a kind of a time limit on all.
This Bob said the world was going to end July 5th, 1998 at seven o'clock in the morning.
It would end for everybody who wasn't going to do is paying subgenius.
Like I said back then, it only cost ten bucks.
Now it's forty four ninety nine.
Price just went up for the first time after ten years.
You get a lot of stuff for that, by the way.
It's a big package.
Sign me up.
The listeners can't see this.
Huge package full of eight by ten.
Bob Bennett bursting at the seams.
Wow.
It's got a little decoder pin, a minister's card.
You'll be a real minister.
You actually can perform weddings and I perform.
I perform more more than I can count.
I mean, really, what dozens of weddings?
The money is in divorces, though, guys.
Of course, you lawyers do a lot better than preachers.
What's the website?
So I can buy one right now.
Yes.
So genius dot com.
So genius dot com.
And if you can spell subgenius.
You may just be one.
Well, even if you spell it wrong, you'll probably get there.
So genius doesn't have an O in it, but dot and calm.
So geniuses, right?
Dot com.
Or is that fake?
So genius dot com.
I've been.
Can I do a recap the story here real quick?
Sure.
Okay.
So you go small.
Smoke weed.
Next thing you know, in Tibet.
Being sodomized by the spirit of Bob.
Well, we're not sure, but but that's a guess.
Okay.
So you smoke weed.
Bada bing, bada boom.
You're in a cave in Tibet getting fucked by a spirit.
Bada bing, bada boom.
That spirit tells you to start a religion.
Bada bing, bada boom.
You got pamphlets.
And we are where we are today in this time.
Right.
Wow.
Man, what a story, bro.
That's incredible.
So what's that was just the beginning.
So give me before people started believing it.
Chris, we haven't even people start joining up and clamoring.
We haven't even hit our stride yet.
Chris respectfully Reverend staying.
Please continue.
My wife was really ticked off about this whole non-paying job thing.
I was working my ass off understandably.
So and she said you need to send me.
That stupid pamphlet to publishers and see if they'll pay you to make a book and I want
what never occurred to us.
Well, I'm at that time in the United States alone.
There were like a hundred and fifty publishers.
There's now about three we sent the pamphlet and a like a fake agent letter as if phyla
was my agent for the agent for subgenius Foundation.
But it's final a real human being or is this?
Yes.
Is phyla actual human being like flesh and blood that you have?
Yeah.
Yeah, you can photograph of this person.
Well, well, not that I need it.
I'm just you know, it was but I just want to see the glory.
Correct.
That's his counterpart.
The only one you know, nobody worships me or phyla.
They were trying to off.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's just a pictures button.
Don't see the past behind me.
Reverend Reverend staying.
Don't don't don't mind our resident skeptic here.
He's a little bit.
Behind.
No, no, no, not skeptic.
Not skeptic.
I want to understand the story correctly.
Understandably.
So I've made me send the pamphlet all these publishers all of whom either rejected it
or just threw it in the trash.
Cool.
But the first place we'd send them were the underground comics publishers because phyla
and I were both big comic book fans, especially undergrounds like Robert crumbs things at
SAP Comics fabulous furry free brothers.
Those guys were our heroes.
Those artists were and we send those publishers and all three of the main publishers just
threw them in the trash and said, why do these kooks send us this crap?
But the artists in each in each of those places rip off press and last gasp.
They the art an artist or two would fish it out of the trash and go this stuff's great.
They're using clip art just like we are because everybody suddenly started doing it all punk
posters were all made of clip art all of a sudden.
It was like we're cool.
We were just doing it because we were cheap.
Well, next thing we knew we had these famous underground artists helping us, you know,
descended it to each other and they reviewed it.
They Robert Crumb printed our pamphlet in his first issue of weirdo magazine.
Paul Mavridis at ripoff press ended up being our partner and doing a whole lot of the best
art and his roommate Hal Robbins started those guys could draw like clip art.
So at that point.
And I would give them like stick figure drawings and that we designed and then they would turn
them into really nice drawings one drawing cause the Secret Service to show up at my door.
They didn't even have my name, right?
The and they they they they only had my first and middle name or sort of I could have said no,
I'm not here but they it basically somebody in the airport had been waving our pamphlet.
It's around to people going.
Have you heard the good news?
Bob is dead or something, you know, whatever and it it freaks somebody out and especially this this picture right here.
It shows Bob and Jesus and Elvis and JFK and Buddha.
That's incredible.
Fighting Hydra and one the Hydra is like the the arms are labeled anti-bob rival cults pink boys and normals.
And one was labeled Reagan or any president and that's what the Secret Service didn't find funny.
They said please don't publish that again.
Well, it was already in our book.
I said, okay, we won't publish it again.
People magazine published it millions of people saw it in a believe it or not a glowing review of book of the subgenius.
Which ended up being published by one of the publishers had thrown it in the trash first, but
or Secretary of Trash, but this guy was on a picnic in New York with my sister-in-law and found a pamphlet crumpled up on the backseat of her car and went where this come from.
This is hilarious.
They thought he they thought it was a joke.
See, I mean a lot of people think Bob's not real but point my my bottle tell you Bob's real.
All too real large to large and in charge big old.
I think Bob.
He doesn't he doesn't he doesn't show off how many inches he has.
Is he circumcised?
I'm sorry.
It's about numbers of so he's got that thing on him son.
He's got a bunch of things.
You got more than one.
That's that's Bob.
The next thing we know we were partying with rock stars and we of course immediately got got hooked on drugs.
We couldn't afford went off the deep end and had to go to rehab.
Then we switched to just to just frop alone and frop derivatives, you know, from all and from that's what's in his pipe.
Right Ivan and Bob's well, actually Bob's pipe what he usually smokes from what we can tell is this cheap Borkham Riff cherry blend.
It's just some crap.
You get it.
The cheapest crap at the pipe store.
Yeah, but the thing is he never no one has ever seen him either.
Refill it or light it or for that matter remove it from his mouth.
In fact, if you look at the picture, it's almost like the pipe is glued up against his teeth.
He didn't have his mouth open to hold the pipe.
It's up against these clothes.
It's the weirdest thing a great teeth though, don't he?
Oh God.
Well, he's he's the perfect Caucasian in a way.
I.
You know, I don't know.
That's where I wore a Bob t-shirt around Beijing China in the 80s working on a documentary film on my side job and Chinese just would look at that picture crack up.
They thought it was hilarious.
I guess to them.
It was an exaggerated white man, you know, like a caricature and they thought little white man knows how ugly they are.
Oh something, you know.
That was I actually handed I gave a copy of Book of the subgenius to the only Chinese subgenius a guy named Li Li Jing at Tiananmen Square because when it's the day before we were going to leave and they wanted us to see Tiananmen Square and it was I swear to God three years to the day before the Tiananmen Square Massacre.
Wow, a book of the subgenius was left in China there.
And exactly.
Exactly.
Three years later.
They they sent a bunch of army guys from the boonies hopped up on meth to go kill those bad students.
City kids.
So I've been real quick Bob's message.
Can you give him a synopsis of the message?
Yes, the world ends tomorrow and you may die.
The subgenius must have slack.
You can gain slack by pulling the wool over your own eyes relax in the safety of your own delusions.
Too much.
He said is always better than not enough.
Which are actually words more like words to die by them to live by but it sounds good.
That's the thing about all Bob's aphorisms and sayings and quotes and quips.
They all sound really good.
But the main thing is the subgenius must have slack and but what that also means is that.
If a person is a subgenius.
It has slack that you're born with original slack, but the conspiracy starts trying to take it away from you.
They whack your behind and make you cry as soon as you're born start taking away your slack right then you're just fine sitting there suffocating but they whack your butt and suddenly after breathe and that's it all begins.
It's where the wall the eventually you end up with a job.
In fact, even I.
I'm still stuck with this job.
I'm I'm I should be retired by now.
I'm 68 years old.
Why am I still working for Bob?
Need a little slack by me to give you a little slack.
Yeah.
He owed actually he didn't finally pay off.
I went for sir.
The 80s were really really fun.
We met all of our heroes and they slapped us on the back and said we were cool.
And so my whole life goal was achieved.
But.
Time I was about 30 years old and then then then we just it never got big.
We got sort of famous among weirdos, but it never got big.
I finally around 2000.
I realized if I did all the work myself I could and didn't do anything else.
I could actually afford half of the house and half the utilities.
And so I got remarried.
And now everything's fine.
I haven't had to work for anybody else or 22 years or something now.
So blessings Bob's blessing.
So I use I mean a one for a couple hours a day.
I have to sit here and fill orders.
I mean, you'd think that I'd have minions what this being a cult and everything.
There should be minions everywhere, but none of us can stand minion types.
In fact, when we've gotten people who were volunteers that really wanted to help.
The reason they had so much spare time to volunteer was that they were incompetent at everything.
Now you can be a subgenius and be completely incompetent at all.
But one thing that's that that describes a lot of subgeniuses.
And then there's there's the kind who can do a little bit of everything but nothing quite well enough to make it.
Like a buck.
That's the other kind of set to you.
Anyway, we
heck somebody made a really good movie about us a couple of years ago.
2019.
They are Bob Dobson's a church of the subgenius directed by Sandy Boone who actually was she was a widow of an early contributor who film another filmmaker guy in Texas of David Boone.
But he died young.
And she ended up.
Becoming a filmmaker herself and she wanted to kind of she wanted to finish his movie.
But first to get her directors chops.
She decided to do a documentary about subgenius.
She figured that'd be easy.
Well, two years and half a million bucks later.
She actually got the movie done and it was showing in film festivals and getting the loss of good attention because it's real funny.
It's very good movie moves fast and but then covid hit.
No theater sales.
No distribution to speak of.
So sounds very reminiscent of that Tiananmen Square nonsense.
Sounds like the three years.
Yeah, you guys maybe are tapping into the collective consciousness like an acupuncture needle with this type of work, but I wanted to ask a question that comes to mind because it's a little bit relevant to how I first came across the church of the subgenius being a
cannabis.
Smoker since the age of 16.
I found the church of the subgenius on the internet looking at various alternative religions that I could maybe try on like a hat and I never quite understood fully maybe until today what the church of the subgenius really comprised of but it definitely mystified me and gave me sort of a look into a fringe alternative culture that sadly I was too young to participate in.
But can you tell us more about how the internet played a role in the earlier days of the church of the subgenius after the 80s?
Well, that wasn't the earlier days anymore.
We were about to I was about to throw in the towel.
Really?
We were we were doing everything by mail order and checks.
We didn't even run credit cards.
It's very primitive and and yet I was busting ass.
We did.
A lot of live shows there.
We hooked up with different bands and we do these devivals in bars.
I know I've never actually set foot in a comedy club, believe it or not, but we but yet I would find myself, you know, or at least every month.
It's some town standing up on a stage in between bands ranting my ass off and not and never making quite enough money breaking my back hauling stuff.
And but and then Philo knew he knew what the internet was before.
Most people did because of his by that time.
He was he was like a systems analysis for the phone company.
It's like 80 people working under him.
He was the conspiracy and but he said, look, you've got you got to do this internet thing.
You have one of those those America online coasters laying around the house.
It's about back in around 1993.
Yeah.
America online would mail you a new disc every day in a little can trying to get people to sign up.
Of course, they were charging $3 a minute and he put it in my little computer and got hooked up computer up a phone.
And finally, I saw what the internet was and I saw how much America online was charging.
So I immediately learned how to work under the hood and join the Cleveland.
Even though I was in Dallas, those people already knew who we were at MIT.
There was a big news group of Usenet or what they used to call bulletin boards.
There's been a subgenius bulletin board there since 1983.
So they welcome the internet welcomed us with open arms and about that time.
I got a young partner Jesus not Jesus from the Bible, but he looks like and that was part one.
Of the podcast.
My family thinks I'm crazy with me being interviewed.
Now the Ask Dr.
Howell show from Radio Valencia sometime before October 2013.
When The
At
等
And
in
on
If I catch Kong, he'll always have some central point.
Point?
That would trigger everything. Central.
Trigger message. The sleeper must fight influence.
Must fight influence.
Must fight influence.
Must continue showing.
I'm getting hard to...
Okay, I turned it down for a... Wait, let me...
Does it matter much to me?
Well, I think now we have matters...
We're starting to get off now.
Ladies and germs, this is the Ask Dr. Hal show,
live on Puzzling Evidence Radio,
and I'm your boastful host,
Dr. Hal.

Dr. Hal Lindahl.
He's actually the living embodiment of humility.
In the cruel, gray city of love,
high above the pulsating heart of San Francisco's mission district.
You might notice the Pope himself has named himself after us.
Well, that's just because someone must follow where bold innovation leads.
Well, we are both named after the same man,
so I would expect the Pope to visit.
That may happen.
I remember when a previous Pope arrived,
I saw his Popemobile going down Gary Street
at a high rate of speed,
with him standing up inside the bulletproof square.
But at least I got to see that.
Why was he speeding?
That's the question.
You'd think he'd go slow,
but he's really zipping along,
and yet he's standing up.
Well, it's all part of...
It must have been kind of scary to be Pope,
to have to go riding around like that.
I'd love to have him.
Truly, if you were a favorite of God,
no mere auto accident could...
Well, no, he got shot riding around in that thing.
Well, the bulletproof glass is to prevent that from happening.
Of course, today, the Republicans have made it legal
to own bullets as large as bananas.
And you can fire those through the papal enclosure.
We're not recommending this, though.
Not at all.
We've got a saintly pontiff in the Vatican now,
and so it would be pointless to remove him.


Doesn't it?
These days.
Oh, there we go.
Yes.
No, I thought it just takes gravity
in a horrible, mistaken space.
And comedy.
And 3D glasses.
What's the deal with gravity?
Everyone loves gravity.
I offer them a ride home, and they...
In 3D.
In 3D.
We have quite a quorum here on the Ask Dr. Hal show at this point.
We've got puzzling evidence.
We've got Michael Pepe.
Bubba Free Imho Pepe.
Yes, yes.








We have Rusty Rebar.
And we have Astronomer Royal to the Ask Dr. Hal show,
Pete Goldie.
Let's give ourselves a big hand.
It's a veritable five fingers of fate.
Let's give each other half of a reach around.
That's the sound of one hand clapping.
Then I'd rather not...
I'm trying to think of...
Five things that I could...
Well, there's no point in that.
Obviously, nothing could be more fascinating than the conversation which we are capable of having.
So, thinking of something is a pointless exercise.
Well, yes. In fact, so frighteningly interesting that we better not even attempt it.
Also, there's the problem of whatever we mention on the radio comes into being, which has caused us trouble in the past.
That's right. Well, that's a problem.
What, like Lathe of Heaven?
Yes, or Nuclear Holocaust.
Or everything ever opined by Glenn Beck.
Is that where all the Glenn Beck...
That's what...
What he talks about?
That's what we're done with.
No, the...
What...
We talk about...


It's money that causes Glenn Beck to come into being.
...earthquake.
However, we can cause an earthquake into...
Yeah, but let's not...
...be nearly disgusting.
...do that or use the E word in any context, lest we be blamed should one occur.
...approach October 17th.
And what's so all-fired significant about...
...that it'll flash the day of the earthquake.
Oh.
Let me get out of your way.
And then I laugh.
I'm gonna get out of your way.




Oh, well, um...
What?
Do radio play...
Perform on radio?
...missing an important...
...in the world.
What's on your mind?
You're letting everything fall by the wayside.
Check your program.
Stay the alphabet.
The operator will be back...
...when you're ready.
Roll time.
You've got your problems.
Well, I've got mine.
Lost transmission inside your mind.
What's on your radio?
What's on your radio?
What's on your radio?
Where do you wanna go?
What do you wanna know?
What's on your radio?
Radio.
What's on your radio?
And you get as a souvenir...
...a special...
...e-card.

All we need...
Thank you.
The E international talk...
...ечно and....
All we need right now is....
This one.
Which show?
The show is written by my
go back to old Boxing....

The Easter egg...
...I wish to...
Present art...
Which, what event?
a piece of nobel uh 2013 has been awarded too i can do it are you ready for that how harold
harry robbins oh that's not bsq it's sort of like breaking an ampule
mike carefully constructed all that work for nothing grown uh grown air quotes and now i
i grown at seeing my careful handiwork yeah all the shit i'll tell you what i'll save half
look you can have that back wait i'm gonna be like emmett kelly but but but yeah i'll just
imagine this just put this this away anyway uh it's a necessity the mother of invention don't
worry yeah you will before long so there's no point in uh whining and nagging under this intense level
of bombardment
it's difficult to keep the show going volcanoes the earthquakes
if the government shut down thank you very much we're going to soldier through this crisis you
see the program the 10 different the 10 most important ways humanity will extinct itself
all at the same time entertaining pbs sounds hilarious using radio you know using computer
cgi and so on yes cgi is how humanity will exterminate myself years ago
so over that now the nuclear uh the holocaust was a third i think uh you know thank you ladies and
gentlemen yes nuclear holocausts can be habit forming this is why we don't want to have them
uh and made all the policy you know and now of course our uh the fact that pakistan is developing
its long range uh rockets yes certainly be an ember in every thoughtful personalized pipe and
man also great
and try that the number five uh five dangerous uh threat of mass extinction uh is uh physics
experiments which are they declared accelerating particles they might they might get the wrong two
particles exactly well it's this idea that small black holes every day small black holes are
created and they create tremendous thousands of these uh high energy experiments every day
and they may create these microscopic not every day they have downtime during the winter just
right twice on sunday obnoxious i was surprised they made number five though they were ahead of
global warming i think in the killer whales i think someone's downstairs did
anyone ever close the gates i think we left them wide open what shambling crowds of zombies
down there walking in yeah they can come bumbling and stumbling up but there's nothing to stop them
The gates are wide open.
They're slow moving.
You can avoid them for a while, and they just always get you in the end.
All right, enough time's gone by.
I'm going to share a little wine with Hal.
No one else.
Careful.
We might need that thing to fight for our lives.
You don't need to lift it.
Just move the hose around.
Hoser, there you go.
This is some wine, I must say, very strongly flavored.
Flavored?
Delicious.
Yeah, it's from Safeway.
Oh, that's what I thought you were talking about.
Hey, speaking of meat, since Rusty's here, we bought some fried, some...
Wow.
Wine is a mother.
Strong drink is raging.
None for anyone else.
None.
Some signature cafe deli, hot deli, fried chicken wings from last Friday.
Psycho deli.
And we cut into it before, like, biting into it.
It was like bloody raw chicken inside.
Inside the beautifully browned, deep-fried skin.
That's a famous burnt raw recipe.
Just cut them up like regular chicken.
That's right.
You know, these chickens, they're probably not all frozen.
Let's throw them in the fryer.
It's a serious crime.
Frozen in the Arctic ice cap for, I guess, millions of years.
I reported them to their ethics department.
These archaeopteryxes found themselves, through a bizarre chain of circumstances,
to a local grocery store.
Were you thanked for your good citizenhood of pointing out that they were selling...
Oh, no, I didn't put it on Facebook or anything.
I'm only spreading the word now that poison is chicken.
Was it Foster Farms?
You should put it on Facebook.
Because they're the ones in trouble, you know, for the salmonella thing.
Good question.
Don't know.
But the...
It was scary in a sense.
At Salmonella's mom-and-pop market.
Bloody chicken.
That's good.
Well, if you'd ever been anywhere near while chickens are raised...
Bloody chicken flourished over us.
Have you ever done that?
Yeah, I worked at a chicken ranch.
You've done them chickens wrong.
Were they mistreated?
Yes, they were mistreated.
So were the workers.
Ah.
So, chicken workers of the world...
In other words, it was a typical chicken ranch.
It was a chicken ranch in Novato.
Yeah, it was a...
It was a holocaust.
That's not the Mustang Ranch, folks.
No.
Oh, that's different.
They are very well treated, I'm sure.
No, this was a chicken ranch.
They have a lot of well-butrin, oxycontin.
Yes, they have all that.
And a pension.
Here we are only reflecting the hideous face of life and the universe itself
by ensuring unfairness to all those chickens.
But why look at it entirely negatively?
Because you may be aware of a recent news story
where philanthropists allowed aging chickens
to be flown out of California to a chicken paradise
in the East Coast near Albany, New York.
Oh, yes, I did hear about that.
On Earth.
I heard about that.
Yeah, yeah.
So there are some chickens that actually managed
to gain the system and retire in comfort.
Many people wrote in outrage, you know,
how dare they not broil all those chickens
and feed them to the homeless.
No, but...
Those chickens are probably on the Today Show.
Celebrity, celebrity retired chickens.
They've settled in.
They've settled in.



They've settled in.
They've settled in.



Chicken Elysium near Albany, New York,
in the New York State Capital Region.
At some point, they must become too old to be eaten.
Each chicken is given a daily massage
and a choice of special, lucrative meals
prepared by an avian chef.
No, that's only if they're going to kill them.
Then they give them the massage.
No, they're too old.
They're too scraggly.
That's why they were going to be destroyed
originally before the philanthropists
saved them.
They were scraggly, scrawny,
and their feathers were falling out.
They were non-commercial.
They laid many eggs.
Many, many eggs.
And it does something to you, you know,
laying all those eggs over the years.
I love eggs so much.
Well, I'm sure they appreciate that.
But these chickens were taken off the assembly line
and allowed to do their egg laying
in their own way for their own purposes.
Although their eggs aren't that big or good anymore
after all these years.
Still, it's the principle,
the thing, and...
What do they make out of?
Really little omelets?
This is where chickens get to live
the end of their days
in happiness and pure delight.
I've been nice.
Does Chicken John know he has that ahead for him?
And when they die,
can we eat them then?
Not every chicken gets into chicken paradise.
Oh, I'm not sure that eggs will fit.
Is that a fee or a penalty?
Have you ever had really good deviled eggs?
No.
I don't think so.
You're here.
You're here with one of the biggest fans of deviled eggs.
That would be puzzling evidence.
He's quite fond of them.
Well...
When I say gnome saying,
you say note you're saying.
Yeah, I know what you're saying, too.
But I'm trying to transliterate it
into an appreciation of a vanished series of...
It's like, I won't go.
I remember the gnome king.
I remember his many sayings.
The thing about him was...
And somebody else says, note you're saying.
He was...
Terrified of eggs.
The gnome king.
Note you're saying.
I never used to like...
Being translated into Japanese.
I like the deviled egg society of Japan.
I never used to like corned beef hash.
But Doug turned me on to them.
That was a comfort.
Corned beef hash, that's a good thing.
Like boiled cabbage.
You can't get enough of it.
Your mom didn't make that?
You should give him a technical advisor fee.
Oh, I see.
You know what I think?
I think you should give him a technical...
Let's give him deviled eggs.
Many are called, but few are chosen.
And the trick of picking chicken
is picking what chicken to pick.
Hauser took his last extended trip in August.
His destination was the Grand Canyon,
one of the few places he had yet to visit.
Really?
He was late getting to the Grand Canyon.
He got as far as the Hoover Dam.
And he was overcome with emotion.
Obama, you mean?
No, Hill Hauser never went to the Grand Canyon.
He only went to the Hoover Dam.
He drew his last breath at the dam.
Oh, on the show.
But I'm sure he probably visited it prior.
No, he wasn't.
The work of man.
No, he'd never been to the Grand Canyon.
He never made that.
It's right on California.
His show is all about California.
The work of God.
I want the Grand Canyon.
It's the greatest thing in the world.
I didn't see him doing shows outside of California.
Back to the starting gun.
The Grand Canyon is the most beautiful place in the world.
With flowers and cherries.
And the holiest, most sacred place.
What, are you from Arizona?
Or something?
No.
I just know that.
Arizona, here I come.
What's their song?
We would give you all the facts.
But we're just recalling what we know.
But you know what?
Suddenly I have this horrible desire to ask a question.
Why isn't there a K-Rob moment on the Ask Dr. Hal show anymore?
Well, you know, that's up to K-Rob.
And we might have to do it.
I think K-Rob is the only one that owns crack.
He doesn't want to share it.
Well, I love crack.
So he should bring it in and we'll do it.
Yep.
Do you have a dollar for that question?
Yeah.
Someone has to.
We have to pay for it.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Five dollars.
No, someone has to pay if we want crack.
Oh.
Somebody has to buy it.
Oh, dear.
Forget it.
And also, you're right.
Let's charge five dollars for the show for our crack.
Okay?
Yeah.
I thought they'd pay us to...
The break is only going to be four or five seconds.
So it's just a...
Prepare for subliminal puzzling and information burst squirt.
Thank you.
Now return to your scheduled program.
Uh...
Signs.
Too fast to even read.
Horrible.
Horrible.
Most horrible.
Aside from which, all the German shows are always about either technological things or just cars.
And now we return you to our afternoon snoozer movie, Face of the Screaming Werewolf.
The gun talks.
I'm usually delivered by people with American accents who don't...
That's one I used to watch in Tucson, Arizona.
They know what they're doing.
They know what they're doing.





They used to show packages of Mexican monster movies in Tucson, Arizona back in the 60s.
And the thing about them is not that they have the greatest production values,
but they seem permeated by a sense that the people who made the movies actually believe that these monsters do exist.
Yeah.
And an air of superstitious dread hangs over their poorly made sets, costumes, and acting.
I wonder if...
And you also, at that time, you'd watch it in the middle of the night at 2 a.m.
So that would add to...
It's really scary.
Oh, yeah.
Well, it's nothing like late night movies would be scary.
Let me mention just one of these to you, which you probably remember, called Baba Free Imho Pep.
Perhaps greatest of all.
That's enough.
Yeah.
It's the only one they haven't done yet.
Well, where are you getting your information?
Except from Sergeant Fury.
Is there a Michael Pepe movie?
I don't think so.
Not that I know of.
Okay.
I think they aren't going to do that.
Yeah.
No.
Well, but...
Baba Free Imho Pep.
...is the most amazing and mysterious...
Yes, and that's why they're not going to do it.
...and remarkable of all.
Is he a bad guy?
He's a magician.
He's a wizard who is like a stoner, actually, who travels through other dimensions and...
It's ecumenical, you say.
He's a great guy, but they're never going to make a movie about him.
He's a magician, a sorcerer who can cast spells...
He's burlesque.
...puzzling evidence.
...shows they have a hilarious caricature.
I think he might be the last one to appear.
Unless you appear, otherwise, there's gold to be made from mining these characters.
We're done with the Burning Man music, right?
We're done with it?
Yes, absolutely.
No more Burning Man.
I was already...
But I don't know why they wouldn't, because this is a very mystical era.
It is after the New Age.
There's plenty and plenty of people who will go in for spells, channeling, witchcraft.
Yes, having their palm read.
Aleister Crowley, et cetera, et cetera.
And they would...
And Edward Casey at the bat.
Yes, and they would believe in Dr.
Rayleigh Armour.
Live on puzzling evidence.
Yes, they would, because they are too feeble-minded to exercise the power of imagination.
That's right.
But, you know, they believe in Spider-Man and Avengers and everything else.
A certain portion of the credulous public do and always have...
Yes.
...like the owl hoots who used to fire their revolvers at the villain on the movie screen.
But this is by no means what everybody thinks or the way everybody reacts.
Most people are able to make the distinction there.
Yes, it was a terrible thing.
Frightful.
Right.
It's like in the...
I wept for my country when I recollected that God is just.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.










Female created he them.
For are we anything more than dust motes floating in the cosmic beam?
No, I'll tell you what we are.
We are water to water.
Because if how, if we could attach an isotope to that one molecule of water, so is to follow
through any possible corner.
Yes.
Oh, I peanuts.
And a taller, fine, lower arabic physicist would know that Mod modernize sand storms
as a kind of science and additional Chill Potter issues.

a single biological class ...
The only significant evolution even in first class is like the center of gravity.
A big نہیں toi mister or facing round.
What the hell are you, motherfucker?
shortly after.
It's not like those other radio stations.
Other radio stations have delayed.
Here, for the time being,
we do not.
It is straight.
And so you're actually listening,
if you're listening at the present time,
in a congruent time frame,
so rare for radio listeners.
What a special privilege that our Etherettes
and Rocket rookies have,
who are fervent fans of the Ask Dr. Hal radio program.
It's taken years for us to develop the technology
just to get to you directly, live.
Let's go into the dark room and see what develops.
The air is electric with possibilities.
Uh-huh. Wow.
And if you think of the other people
who might be listening and writing reports,
it really charms my heart to think,
oh, please don't write me up.
I couldn't even find the logbook the last time.
There's going to be so many reports written about
just what's happening.
Yes, I had another report.
Moment of liveness.
A loud report.
Now they're saying,
well, you know, it's all being stored,
so if they want to play it back and listen to it,
they can at any time.
Everything is stored.
A holy playback.
Everything is stored.
Everything is stored.
Most of it is.
At Wellman's house, in his computer.
Yes, you've seen all those.
He has stored almost everything in the universe.
There's a little bit left.
One electromagnetic pulse ought to take care of that.
Such as the platforms that are being created.
Anyway, someone has to keep the threads in hand.
The threads of life, yes.
You mean the seven systems?
The seven sisters.
Well, you just don't want to snarl them all up.
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah, but what do they call?
You want to keep the seven sisters.
I know of three sisters.
I'm sorry, the three.
The three sisters known as the Norns.
We weave the fate of humanity in thread.
Seven sisters is a series of peaks in Colorado.
But the fate, you know.
How about this?
A John Le Carre character called Memory.
It's like, well, Memory heard about that.
Johnny Mabnonic.
Yes.
Memory.
Memory.
A character called Memory.
No, it's a person, a character.
A character called Memory.
Read me Doctor Memory.
Doctor Memory.
I don't know.
Are you Doctor Memory?
He forgets.
Doctor Magnetic.
Well, there's so many doctors.
Yeah, I'm getting sick of that too.
Only real doctors can use it from now on.
The rule.
Doctors of science.
At least you have to have some sort of doctorate.
Tesla, the guy that did the Tesla coil.
What did he call himself?
Tesla.
No, then there's someone else called the idea.
Thank you, Dr. Hal, Puzzling Evidence, Rusty Rebar, Bubba Free, Imho Pep, Michael Pepe,
the late Peter Goldie, Dr. Philo Drummond, and Bishop Joey, founder of the St. Stupid's Day Parade and the Callers.
And it's www.subtitles.com.
That leads to everything.
Thank y'all and praise the dogs.
Free your radio and your mind will follow.
Free Think Radio is your one-stop source for all the subgenius shows, including the Hour of Slack.
Everything.
Every Thursday at 11 a.m.
Eastern Time, we think.
Yes, friends, freethinkradio.com.
With Time for the Show, National Cynical, Puzzling Evidence, Bob's Slack Time Funhouse, Fergan Fridays, and the Hour of Slack.
Every Thursday at 11 a.m.
Praise Bob and praise Free Think Radio.
Gee, I want to try Triology.
All the kids are doing it, Mom.
There's a Dobbs head in every bar.
Yes, an embedded Dobbs head of soap inside a bar of translucent soap.
You can see Bob lurking inside, and it tells fortunes.
As you rotate it swiftly under the water, lathering away, the conspiracy smudges.
If the Dobbs head comes up at the end in the true perfect pipe placement position, you'll have good luck all day.
If it comes up the other way, 20 more years of winter.
That's triologiesoaps.com.
It comes in every flavor and scent.
That's not nonsense.
It's almost every scent you can think of, and they all have funny names.
Praise Bob and praise triologiesoaps.com.
Tri is spelled with an I.
Squadron I
