This is the subject of radio ministry.
Hour of black on K-N-O-N, 9-0-4-N-9-N-O-F-X-F.
Praise Bob.
To be a good man.
Turn on the machine.
This is Radio Yerevan.
My name is Franz Ivanovich Hagen.
And this is the news.
Wake up, puppet boy.
This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm out of puppets!
No trouble.
Get set, get going.
Amen.
Recording.
Everything's going fine.
No trouble.
Welcome potential initiates.
And remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
And now, the self-genius hour of slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.
Slack.

Slack.
Slack.






, if you sailing in the working room is listening to the radio station...
K-n-o-n.
That lives and lives only in the city of Dallas, Texas.
Should any other shows be heard from or contacted in the course of this show, the listener is
advised to remain calm, to contact the printed or unlisted officials, in the event of any
material from this radio or other listening device being inhaled during broadcasting.
Small animals or other chimps, or other chimps.
Children becoming exposed to the ultra-high or ultra-low shocks in brain frequencies
constantly scanned throughout our program
should seek shelter in an approved safety unit only.
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you that it's often a photon that light releases,
but truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Hoping your time is all time and all your unpermissible truths are happy truths.
Here is your host, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Ah, it's so good to have the power here in Dallas once again.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ah, well, friends, I'm afraid Pastor Buck Naked, the mighty co-host,
suddenly had to leave for a quick emergency trip to Malaysia this afternoon.
Couldn't make it to the show tonight.
That's right, friends, Buck is in Dobstown,
the church's mighty jungle encampment in Malaysia,
where Buck has been called by Bob to use his powers of mystic soul travel
on some problem students.
We got out there.
Now, you know, Buck's a master, a master of mystic soul travel,
whereby the soul gland of the foot travels at a high velocity
towards the rear end of some dumb bobby,
some mindless Bob wallower.
Ain't even followers, they're wallowers.
And a usually unsuccessful effort to disconnect the mind of the zombie
so that he can quit saying praise Bob or huh or whatever
long enough to take him to the hospital.
Take some orders and get those latrines dug.
Ah, yes, dear friends, Buck is communing with nature
and imbibing perhaps a bit of that sacred Tibetan herb,
Habifrop zippulops.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
By the way, today we had an esteemed church scientist come by
with a secret he had to reveal to me.
He said that his team was on the verge, the very verge, my friends,
of being in a relationship with a man named Bob.




And he said that he had been able to synthesize the active compounds
in that rare medicinal and safe herb that could make us all live forever
or else die seeing Bob.
Ha, ha, yes.
And we have here as a guest the great Reverend Ian Allen of,
that's right, those experts out there knew it, Negative Land.
Negative Land.
Negative Land is probably about one in 20,
but the listeners of this show have the amazing Negative Land albums
and we're going to be playing some of that stuff.
Coming right up as soon as I can find the Media Barrage End of the World section
because it gets a little bit political and, well, you know, let's...
Ah.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.



















Bob.
Bob.






The Church of the Subgenius.
Bring you another 33 minutes of condensed,
over the quality audio-visual techniques
exacerbated and complicated
by the Church of the Subgenius.
copyright 1985-86.
Oh, Dr. Sperman.
She said,
cutting her own legs off
in what was to be the foe man of a...
Bible prophecy is a very, very important subject
for every Christian to study
to help you better understand current events,
to put things in perspective.
And most importantly,
to help you have that inner peace of knowing
that God is on his throne and in control.
I like to go to the lake
and try to go to the beach
and people will have a number
in their hand, in their forehead.
Someone with a lot of energy.
Okay, your code number once more?
237.
237.
And you're calling from Dallas.
Sorry.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Hi, you're on hotline.
Yes, my code number is 238.
Amen.
We're living in terrible, perilous, chaotic times.
Praise the Lord.
And these times are not gonna get any better, my friend.
Amen.
They're gonna get worse and worse.
Amen.
They're gonna get worse, amen.
And this morning at half past ten,




And now for the uncensored Sino Russian news
from the Church of the subgenius
news untouched, friends by the conspiracy news
invented by the people.
Now friends,
Have you ever watched it?

wondered why NASA's last three launches ended in tragedy and waste, body parts all over the ocean.
How many more classified launchings have also failed but been covered up, friends?
Now, sources highly placed in the U.S. government, close to Bob, have revealed a startling story of
corruption within the conspiracy itself. Now, according to the report we got, now this is just
a rumor, let's say, just a rumor. The United States has actually been attempting to put into
orbit a type of doomsday device capable of annihilating all anti-American life on Earth,
however that phrase may be defined. The idea is that any other nuclear-armed powers would be
cowed into disarmament, and we'd all have world peace thanks to the threat of
international nuclear weapons.
There's an instant obliteration from above, hence the unusual code name for this doomsday bomb,
of which we've been told, the Hammer of Justice. Now, the Challenger space shuttle was apparently
only one of the cover stories intended to mask the launching of this deadly F-ray emitting so-called
peace bomb.
Needless to say, friends, the Russians have made attempts to halt or sabotage these launches.
When the Challenger exploded, the Pentagon, or actually the giant corporate conglomerates who
secretly control the government, blamed the Russians, and in retaliation, zapped the Chernobyl
nuclear power plant near Kiev, knowing that the Russians were going to be the ones to be killed.
That the released radiation would also punish other countries who had earlier sided with Libya.
World War III was barely averted three hours after Chernobyl.
The Russians had launched an all-out first strike against the U.S., friends, but all of their warheads
mysteriously failed to launch.
Supposedly, this was because the American launches of the doomsday
materialized.
The Russian launchers were not sabotaged by the Russians in the first place, friends, but by
aliens.
Extraterrestrial beings, friends, in this case, the kind with metallic saucers.
Not the Exis, nay, not the Exis, friends.
We're not that lucky.
It's another species of technological aliens.
Space beings, which were also halted.
Russia's attempted first strike.
And who knows how many other potential nuclear...
skirmishes.
Their motive?
They want to maintain their monopoly on instant obliteration from above of all anti-American life on Earth.
At this time, I'd like all of the cabin attendants to please be seated for our departure.
This is again Radio Yerevan with our news.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.


Oh, I'm sorry.
And to turn on the machine, this is Radio Yerevan.
My name is Franz Ivanovich Hagen, and this is the news.
I was born in...
Ooh, la, la, la, la.
Oh, my mother's found.
My father was a junkie.
And we were very old.
My brother was a soldier.
By the war in Vietnam.
Shit!
My uncle is a spy.
In Soviet Union.
He was a Mr. Presh.
He was a Soviet Union.
He was a Mr. Presh.
VaIajes friIiding.
HENZEL V sleeves.

ining.
K como Vitamin.
Right?
Trish.
Yeah, and he waves the face.
Dus trings.

Bizim is life in it.
No wonder.
Yeah.
But we think you have to be coming here.
Our friends now.
You're in PhilISE, Gunslinger teachings.
One day we will be free
We will be free one day
One day we will be free
We will be free one day
One day we will be free
Well I believe in Jesus
And that's a long time
And that's a long time
I'll tell you by me along
Jesus is the world's king
Jesus is the world's king
It's gonna be a big disaster
It's gonna be World War Number 3
It's gonna be a war or something
I know it now already
It's gonna be a war or something
One day we will be free
One day we will be free one day
One day we will be free one day
Fist and fist, fist and fist,
Flutter, flutter, flutter, flutter,
Let's do the end, let's do, let's do, let's do direct, let's do direct.
You set me so fresh now, the spelling of reunion,
You set me so fresh now, the spelling of reunion,
You set me so fresh now, the spelling of reunion,
I love it, I'll never lie,
Ah!
Don't you think I wonder if I could make soon?
Okay, kids, the car is packed.
Now go and get your father and we'll look at some more.
New house.
Okay, now you're saying, Reverend Stang, you lost me.
All that stuff about the Americans and the Russians.
Now actually, you know, that might make a surprising bit of sense.
But start talking about them aliens.
Oh, forget it.
But let's look a little deeper, friends.
After the U.S. gave up on launching our own satellites and Star Wars weapons,
which we'd already had since 1955, by the way,
the government tried to use French rockets.
But those were disasters, too.
So now, friends, you hear about this on the conspiracy news.
We're getting the red Chinese to put our payloads into orbit.
That's right.
Our doomsday device for world slack will be going up in a Chinese Long March 3.
Rocket.
Those are fine rockets because the Chinese invented rockets while my ancestors were still throwing sticks at prairie squids.
In fact, anybody can launch a payload on a Chinese rocket.
Anybody who's got cash can walk into the Jianguo Hotel in Beijing, China.
And I've been there to see it.
There's an ad in the lobby.
Big old four-color display.
Biggest ad in the city.
Directing you up to room 505 where you can sign up to have your orbiting spy satellite or death ray delivered.
By a Long March 3 rocket.
Now, not only that, but the Chinese Communist Party, and this is true, provides the insurance.
Your payload is delivered or your money back, friends, and that's the truth.
The most amazing thing about the Long March 3 is that nobody knows how it works.
Not even the Chinese.
Now, friends, as Chairman Mao said,
what the people did yesterday, the party does today,
and the Church of Bob Dobbs will do tomorrow.
So we're going to take him up on that.
At this moment, church scientists are hard at work building the prototype of a new water pressure launched rocket
to compete with those pollutant jet-fired rockets used by the normals.
You know those little red plastic rockets you got as a kid where you filled them up with water and pumped them up real hard?
Then they blast off about 300 feet in the air?
Well, the same principle will be used for the new Slackmaster 1 four-stage rocket.
A team of...
CRACK!
Hydroelectric engineers are feverishly drawing up the plans,
and another team is searching for a dam or reservoir that can double as the giant pump.
The, uh...
Uh, the hydraulic-powered Slackmaster 1 rocket, friends, armed for dominance in a world in turmoil,
from the Church of the Subgenius.
Put your order in today, won't you?
Crawling over the face of the moon...
And you break!
Oh!
Even though we're traveling at 23,000 miles per hour, I feel like we're floating.
It's...
Bob? Meltdown.
Here on the Subgenius death ship, we approach San Francisco.
Our mission? Destroy anything.
Somebody help... help me, please.
Has this ever happened to you?
Meltdown.
Please remove all humans from container area six.
Be relieved.
Doug, pull over! We gotta scrape the collar off the front of the show!
We got it.
If we have another collar...
The show could overheat if not.
If we get another collar on the front of this show smeared like that last one, we're gonna be in severe heat damage.
Well, I don't think we should drive the show so fast.
Well, you're right.
It's just stupidly keep wasting fuel running over listeners like this.
There is no collar.
There is no collar.
There never has been a collar.
Mr. Jacobs?
Radio is all a dream.
You're listening to tapes. All the collars are gone.
The show was just a tape.
Yes.
This joke has been real.
Well, but they did survive and they're willing to give us their wristwatches and most of their...
That's what I mean. Imagine listening to this show and surviving.
That's what I mean.
The internal organs.
Unfortunate. Yes, it was.
We do have some...
But the doctors were still here.
Good morning, tiny collar.
Don't drive any faster.
Yes, well, it would have been nice to hear your message.
Yes.
But at this hour, we're asking all messages.
Just my little way of showing you this.
Ten minutes left to...
Ten minutes.
Rotate your message toward the war and off the...
So aim high with us.
To find out more, all you have to do is speak with your nearest Air Force recruiter.
Ah, that's more like it.
We're all in the Air Force now.
We're all heading toward...
Los Angeles approach control.
No, no, wait.
We're over Los Angeles.
Don't drop the bomb now.
Look out, it's too late.
Holy cow, that's LA Stadium down there.
Oh, this is awful.
What are we going to tell the newspaper?
We're not going to tell the newspaper.
No one can keep anything, but it's exploding bright.
They're congratulating us.
They're congratulating us.
Look at that beautiful bomb pattern.
Yes, happy Olympics.
Take it out in one final sweep.
I'd say that was one of the most beautiful patterns I've seen in the performance so far.
I think that'll get a nine for most of the judges.
Don't you, down there on the floor.
That was a flawless performance on that last explosion.
The Olympics are over.





The Olympic nuclear explosion competition has been a fierce and competitive one with
some unexpected...
Oh, yes, the LA Olympics this...
...smaller countries, but this...
I'm trying to get my tickets there.
You know what?
I've even bought a spare ticket for my Cabbage Patch doll.
Well, I hope you left that Cabbage Patch doll at the door.
The baby's back.
There's no place in the future...
As you know, they said some of them have a mind of their own.
But silence did not follow.
The awful heat...
And I couldn't see.
Oh, ground zero.
I couldn't stand it.
The place...
The smell...
The terrible...
The smell of hurting life.
Oh, my hero...
Ground zero...
Ground zero.
My hero ground zero is a place for me.
Subdivie.





Ground Zero, my hero
Ground Zero, my hero
Ground Zero, so please
Here again, oh yeah
Somebody help for me
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, Long Dad was at Ground Zero.
That's awesome, Austin.
All over here
Oh, oh, how does the Easter Bunny
Friend, would you like to learn and earn at the same time?
Then El Centro's Job Start program is for you.
Job Start, a more than free training program,
is offering transportation, basic skills training,
and GED preparation, support services,
and vocational training in air conditioning and refrigeration,
automobile service and repair, cable TV installation,
office careers, paint,
and water.
All covering in home health aid training.
And they pay you $5 a day just to learn these skills.
So if you're 17 to 21 years of age,
a low-income resident of the city or county of Dallas,
and a high school dropout,
call 746-2492.
Call now.
That's 746-2492.
So what is your point?
Nobody is perfect.
You know.
So what is your point, Glenn?
There's two things they'll talk about.
One's politics, the other one's religion.
You mean...
The reason you don't talk about them
is because they combine in each other.
You know what I'm saying?
Do you know how many time zones there are in the Soviet Union?
You know what I'm saying.
Don't you kid yourself.
Thanks, Glenn, for the...
Just thanks for the good thoughts.
This concludes our transmission to Oceania.
However, listeners in East Asia may continue listening
on the following shortwave frequencies.
6110, 7230, 9565, 9760, 15160, and 15425 kilohertz.
Separate them.
Separate them.
Get on the line now.
And...
Here it comes.
The one that was...
Sir, there are hundreds of people outside.
They can't get in.
You have even gagged us.
All this is...
We asked you to stop construction of the plant
and you didn't listen to us.
You didn't listen even to your own two consultants
of the advisory committee on the reactive state side
when they said that this plant is dangerous.
You could.
You have had to come up.
You don't even live here.
You have no strength in this.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.

I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
But I have the same reasons.












You told us that a Class 9 accident was incredible.
Our fellow citizens have learned too painfully
that you were wrong again.
The NRC said that the money eight years ago, money will never be a factor in licensing this plant.
Yet today, self-righteously, you make claims that we've got to get this plant licensed because any delay costs the plant millions of dollars.
Sir, may I remind you that as taxpayers, we in this community pay your salary.
As taxpayers, we pay the NRC salary.
As ratepayers, we pay PG&E salary.
We, sir, are paying for this whole goddamn proceeding and you won't even let us talk!
Is there anything for a moment?
What orchestra is this?
Oh yes, dear friends, and that and this.
What you just heard and will be hearing.
And I sure hope you have headphones on for this.
This is the world premiere of the new Negative Land album.
That's right, friends, you're hearing it here on the Hour of Slack for the first time here on KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
And there's many sub-geni in town for the Seagraph Computer Graphics Convention.
And among them are, well, Dr. Court Holland never showed up.
But yes, the evil Ian Allen of Negative Land is here with me in the studio.
You can hear him talking to his co-pilot in the background here.
Oh, listen to that slack, friends.
Listen to that.
Let's just lay back and let the slack wash over us for a second.
Oh, it feels so good.
It feels...
Friends, give yourself to the feeling.
Uh, this may not sound like music to some of you.
To me, it's ear candy, a delicious nectar of the senses.
To others, it may be a hideous, confusing experience,
like hearing glass breaking in a spook house or a garbage truck grinding along.
But to me, these things are music.
And friends, to an ascended holy man,
to a woman or man trained by Bob,
music can be found in a car wreck.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Maybe found in a potato.
Uh, yes.
It's so beautiful.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Turn on the dishwasher.
The blender.
The electric hand-opener.
And you can get paid.
When your wife comes to the park,
you can't hear her.
And she thinks you're not paying attention.
You're not getting paid.
There's a kind of movement that stresses marriage.
The power of the noise contributing.
There's a kind of movement that stresses marriage.
The power of the noise contributing.
There's a kind of movement that stresses marriage.
There's a kind of movement that stresses marriage.
Whew, help me somebody.
And friends, I'm about to play
a tape of
oh, we're going to go down
into a real subgenius devival.
I'm sorry we can't minister to you
over the phones, no calls tonight.
Maybe never, because we're tired
stupid calls and particularly profane calls. This is a religious program, friends, and even if it is
a religion for mutants, sickos, geeks, gimps, weirdos, crazed inventors, and so forth, even
though it is all that, why, just because it is one of the most controversial shows, why, by that very
same token, by the conspiracy's rule book, that means we also have to be the cleanest and the
tightest. Got me? In other words, the law has been laid down, and we can talk about Prairie Squid, but
only if we're polite about it. That suits me fine. I'm a hip-with-it God, and I work for Bob, and though
though Bob does happen to be a sex god, he's also a family man. So anyway, friends, yes, negative land,
and we're about to play a tape of the subgenius devival in LA, the hideous, and I mean that word
literally.
Alexandria Hotel. Negative land provided a peculiar type of sound backup. In other words, what they do on their
albums, they were punctuating the rants with, and it was an amazing technical setup. I'm going to go on into that
revival. You hear the heelings and so forth. This is St. Janer, Hypercletes, with Doctors for Bob, accompanied by
negative land.
In the very belly of the beast, preaching, dear friends, on KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas.
You can't hide from God. Not in your reaper. You can't hide from God in a liquor bottle. You don't be hiding from, you don't be hiding in a liquor bottle when Judd would take a little hit with somebody.
You can't hide from God.


You can't hide from God. He's bigger than you. He's bigger than all reality.
Oh, that was somebody. My leg's on fire. She ain't got no leg to break my body.
You can't hide from this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Because he's stupider than you are.
He smokes more froth than you do.
His face is miniographed and put up in more places than yours is.
His face has got more.
More black and white dots on it than yours does.
You cannot hide from this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Help me somebody. I need some help.
My leg's on fire. She ain't got no legs to break my body.
You cannot run from your own legs.
Is that what you're using to run away from a whip?
You can't run from your own legs. You cannot hide from Bob.
Because he's stupider than you are. You cannot hide from God.
Because he's bigger than you. He's bigger than all reality.
Help me somebody. My leg's on fire. She ain't got no legs to break my body.
Need some help. Need some help.
You cannot swallow your own throat.
Where do you gonna swallow it with?
Did he use that to swallow it with? Where do you gonna swallow?
You cannot swallow your own throat. You cannot run from your own legs.
You cannot hide from this man.
J.R. Bob Dobbs can't do that.
You cannot hide from God. He's bigger than you. He's bigger than all reality.
Help me somebody. My legs are on fire. She ain't got no legs.
Hold that leg and down you go. Praise God.
You cannot digest your own stomach.
You cannot wash soap.
You cannot cut it in half and rub the ends together.
Not a mop. You cannot wash soap.
You cannot do a car wash.
You cannot have a car wash.
You cannot turn on a car wash.
You cannot throw it in a washing machine.
You can't wash soap.
You cannot digest your own stomach.
You cannot swallow your own throat.
You cannot hide from this man. J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He's stupid than you are.
You cannot hide from God. He's bigger than you. He's bigger than all reality.
Help me somebody. She ain't got no legs.
I'm gonna get my legs off my boob-a-legs and I'm gonna go spray-bop these other drugs.
You cannot wet water, it's already wet. You just don't get more water from your run water on water.
You cannot think about your own brain. Part of the problem.
You cannot think about your own brain. You cannot wet water, you cannot wash soap, you cannot digest your own stuff.
You cannot love your own soap. You cannot love your own bed. You cannot hide from this man's help.
I'm not disturbing you. Get out of here, you baby!
You're not really helping much.
You're not really helping much. You got no place to hide.
This all is an act!
I'm not doing this.
Yellow and black and...
And, uh...
Yellow and black and rectangular.
Rectangular, yes.
And, uh, what else?
Well, yellow and black and rectangular.
Rectangular, yes. What else?
Well, doctor, it has kind of black and yellow and black and...
Rectangular, yes.
It has kind of shapes inside.
Yellow, black and shapes inside.
I see them everywhere.
Uh, uh, what else?
It has kind of wet shapes inside.
Yellow, black...
Black and yellow and...
And with...
Rectangular.
Wet shapes inside.
I see them everywhere. Do you hear me?
There, there. Just lie back.
Black and...
Black and yellow with...
Everywhere, do you hear me?
There, there. This is black and...
Uh...
Well, wet shapes.
This is...
Wet...
Everywhere.
There, there.
Back on the couch.
What does it mean?
Rectangular, black and with wet shapes inside.
I see them everywhere. Everywhere.
Just lie back on the couch.
What does it mean?
Yellow and with black shapes...
Wet shapes inside.
Inside.
Everywhere, do you hear me?
There, there.
Back on the couch.
What does it mean?
This is yellow...
Uh, back on the couch.
What does it mean?
Am I losing my mind?
Just lie back on the couch.
What does it mean?
Uh, just lie back on the couch.
Am I losing my mind?
There, there.
Black and yellow with wet shapes inside.
Everywhere, do you hear me?
There, there, this is...
Everywhere, do you hear me?
There, there.
Do you hear me?
Uh, this is...
Rectangular.
This is...
Rectangular, yes.
Am I losing my mind?
What you have been seeing everywhere you look...
Are those yellow and black signs used to indicate a fallout shelter in buildings.
Uh-uh.
So you see these signs too, Dr. Black?
Why, sure, Mrs. Rectangular.
Oh, well, I feel better already.
Somewhere over the rainbow
Way up high
There's a wind that I heard once in a lullaby
Somewhere over the rainbow
Way up high
There's a wind that I heard once in a lullaby
Someday I'll reach upon a stark wake up where the clouds are far behind me
Where troubles smell like women dropped away above the hay
Away above the...
My chimney tops
Where...
Um...
Far...
Me...
Somewhere over the rainbow
Where the tide is
is named
I pick up on
dort
Steel part, drag line, grease and chrome
Two pump up for universal bearing
Aerial brake, chute, shock absorber
CARBON!
3-2-1-0!
X-ray air through the oily rag
Fed valve flywheel left arm rest
Brake shaft, tire jack, rear view mirror
Glass spring, piston spring, carbon foam, dice
CARBON!
3-2-1-0!
Lock the dealer out, dashboard padding
Up cab, road bar, rear-chill wiper
The hand, the land, radio dial
Front seat, back seat, air contangular
CARBON!
3-2-1-0!
Rubber holes, rocker belt, engine noose, pedometer
Spike, butt gas, cap, cigarette lighter
Headrest, speed, dread, registration
Floor mat, firewall, accelerator, pedal
CARBON!
Burn out,cken and
Star, reckless, little planned
persona on the green house
Ay ay ay ay!
Stan!
I like seatbelts and go cover it up with a sticker that says...
You don't know how they're possibly...
Oh, ha ha ha ha ha.
Friends, that was Car Bomb from the new brand spanking, I mean it's not even pressed yet,
Negative Land album, if you want to call it that, Escape from Noise.
And here with me in the mighty studio overlooking downtown Dallas is Ian Allen of Negative Land.
And you can buy that record, friends, but I can't tell you that.
Later on maybe we'll say where you can write for information.
And Ian, what do you have to say?
What do you have to say for yourself, man?
I'm very happy to be here in Dallas.
I've been working on my accent and I think it's pretty good, but it might be from some other state down here.
You can pick up those accents at 7-Eleven. They're about 30 bucks.
Texas accent. That's for all the, you know, half the city now is out of towners.
No offense.
Well, the new record will be done and we'll have it out on the market, I think,
in about a month, in about two months.
Packaging is still a little undecided, but the record is pretty much finished.
And anyone who wants to write us can write us, but they won't get anything back.
They'll be able to buy the record at a record store in their area when it does get distributed.
It's a possible, possibility that it will be released on a semi, half, demi, major label, but maybe not.
Well, there you go.
Sounds good.
Sounds just like the Subgenius album, only it's finished.
Big difference.
And friends, yes, watch for that negative land thing now.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, speaking of non-commercials, dear friends, a little bit of entertainment news.
Buck asked me to give you just on his way out of town.
Free to everyone, there's a world premiere of the epic video,
Batman Dallas, the movie.
Yes, it's finished, friends.
All of you who've had to listen to Buck tell you the plot of Batman Dallas, the movie, it is done.
This cheap, zero-budget spectacular, a year in the making, with a cast of 200 of Dallas' most insane.
This world premiere should be a real happening, friends, a B-in, a slack-out.
Buck Naked, who plays the aging, decrepit, sadistic, alcoholic Robin the Boy Wonder,
will be in attendance.
That's this Saturday night, the 23rd, free, with five shows at 9, 10, 11, 12, and 1.
And that's at the stepladder, 3406 McKinney, and that's on McKinney, just south of Lemon.
And that one's free, baby.
So we're going to dive back into the land of negative land, the anti-land, right quick.
Mr. Noisy gave up.
We can't wait to see what's in the bag.
We can't wait to see what's in the bag.
Ah!
We shot it.
You can see the





Huh?
The first thing that happens is that the bones splinter.
We're moving over to conquer.
And to my surprise, the act ofrendent

succinctly transcript the
data recorded in the
network.

Yes.
Yes.
Utility circuits are about to be activated.
Stand by for initial processing shock to AI ROM chips.
Good morning, Laz.
Hello, Dr. Hugo.
I'm removing the protective synthal membrane from your cranial urethra.
There.
Now, for just a few adjustments.
And...
Now you're ready.
Ready.
Yes, Laz, now that you're fully activated and operational,
you'll be leaving the factory for the first time.
You're unique, Laz.
You're the first robot programmed with the capacity for free will and emotion.
However, in order for you to feel, you'll need more than just knowledge.
So we're going to add real experiences to your database.
Experience.
That's right, Laz. Human experience.
Choose the ones you'd like to have.
Search your database.
Most desired experience.
Fun.
Let's have fun.
Absolutely.
Let's start with that.
Toil is stupid.
I heard a man say
He burned himself out
On a 12-hour day
He cut all the power
And shut down the plant
He beat up the foreman
They threw him outside
With his clothes in a heap
And banned him, he ran
To a dying security man
Man working
Is what the sign says
Danger in yellow and black
Blurred all the working men back
Oh, for sure.
Fresh way into the mic
Three, fresh air
Ten, two, three, fresh air
Hey, that sounds really academic.
Hey, look, when he talks, the show speeds up and slows down.
Hey, can you make...
Can you do that again?
Too big.
Wow, it's purely an amazing scientific fact.
That's amazing.
How does he do that?
He must have Pinot Kidons in his voice.
Yes, well, we're assuming you now have special, uh...
I don't know how these callers do it.
Telegram hotline.
Oh.
Make to the future, yeah
Perry, any sub-game issue, please, but don't.
Hey, uh, is this for real?
Yes, answer yes.
This is our goal.
To purify our genes.
To deny them our essence.
To wrench the reins of control in our tainted compounders
and as mass-graze so presumptuously called evolution.
Rule number six.
Don't run over any small animals with a car while on a date.
Shut up, Pink Boy.
To become overmen and overwomen.
Oh, shut up, Pink Boy.
Well, let's see, what did we hear?
That little bit there at the end was from another hour of slack show in Richmond, Virginia.
The Rat Cave crew.
Oscar and Tim Slack.
But what we also have here, or we had here,
that was some negative land after the little miscue there from Dr. Onan's Wotan Band.
And here's some, yet again,
uh, more negative land from Escape for Noise, I believe.
Three, two, one.
Three, two, one. That's it.
Go.
Kill me.
Let's see. Oh, there we...
Did you fix it?
No, it's that poltergeist again. Hold on just a second.
Fix it. Fix it.
Uh, Bob, give me power now. Vanquish demons. Give me dominion.
Oh, there we go. Thank you, Bob.
Well, you know, actually, right here in this neighborhood, we don't have a heck of a lot of noise.
We don't either.
Um, because, uh, well, you know, there's the big city of St. Louis.
And, uh, we do hear somebody shooting off a couple of guns in the distance.
And, uh, somebody rattles some tin cans or something.
And that's about all.
So it's, it's pretty quiet here, you know.
Wahoo! Look out! Here I come!
Michael Jackson! Look what you've done!
Michael Jackson?
You spattered mud all over my dress with your old bicycle.
Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson?
Gee, Carol, those mud sands will never wash out.
Bruce Springsteen?
Oh, gee, what am I going to do?
Van Halen?
Oh, I'm sorry, Carol, but you were too close.
Tina Turner?
Sorry? What good does that do?
David Bowie?
You know you aren't supposed to be riding your bike during lunch hour.
Prince? Madonna? Huey Lewis and the News? The Cars?
Ruby Hancock? Bonnie Tyler?
ZZ Top? Weird Al Yankovic? Cindy Looper? Pink Floyd? The Pretenders? Billy Joel? Billy Idol? Elton John? Neil Young? Sheena Easton? John Lennon? The Alan Parsons Project? Rick Springfield? The Rolling Stones? Pat Benatar? Harlan Oates? Adam Ant? Queen? Jack Cougar Mellencamp? Fleetwood Mac?

Duran Duran? Police? Eurythmics? Culture Club? Including Boy George? Kenny Rogers? Stevie Wonder? Jay Iglesias and Diana Ross? Donna Summer? Dean Martin? Kiss?
And we especially call for the judgment in this hour and in the destroying of rock music directed specifically against children, and working specifically through these individuals,
for whom we call forth the judgment of the sacred fire in this hour before the throne of almighty God.

Wahoo! Look out! You're not called!
You've got a good beginning. Hit and miss and trial and error. It just depends again on breaking the records over radio.
Rock music blares!
Doors slam!
People yell!
Children scream!
Sirens whine!
Trucks crumble and roar!
And rock music blares!
Blares! Blares! Blares!
You can hear me!
Get ready!





If you don't rock, you can 사람이be for knocked off!
We mostly do it rock-اد and rock-ad TV shows and movies.


beweistu Be there,olt factch
Texter Aman

Burn in me!
If you're a monster, like a looker,
baby won't cut his tongue.
You're tired.
You're weak.
You're vulnerable.
You're a physical help.
You're suffering.
Is there any escape?
Is there any escape from noise?
Is there any escape from noise?
Is there any escape from noise?
Is there any escape from noise?
Supposing you're watching the Playboy channel
and it's...
just about time for them to have an orgasm.
When all of a sudden...
Wham!
The horrible noise comes in
and completely destroys your orgasm
on the Playboy channel.
There it goes again.
That awful interference.
Wrecking your orgasm on the Playboy channel.
You've called the cable TV company six times.
Each time the technician comes out,
he can't fix the problem.
He is fired.
Wham!
Wham!
That sound is more important than you are.
That sound is more important than your entire life.
And it will stop you from having an orgasm.
The baby does not deserve an orgasm.
The baby is sick.

On the Playboy channel.
The baby rest of life.
The baby heatㅠㅠ
sociale
TM
Uh, and many of you say, Reverend Stang, why do you subgeniuses have to be so bad anyway?
I mean, isn't this a religion?
I mean, they say, I'm into Bob, but why do you have to be so X-rated about it?
I'd like to have my child baptized in the subgenius church, but your altar girls don't wear any clothes.
I never heard of a church where you were supposed to be sinners.
I'd say, well, it's true, dear friends.
We have at times used rather vivid and forceful language for shock value,
but see, in our religion, for our preachers, corniness is the worst and most common sin.
So, friend, we don't want to tame now our slack any more than we'd tame a prairie squid.
It'd be like killing it.
But by making it ready.
For the whole family, friends, we become that much more subversive.
Ah, yes, we're coming up near the end.
Norm Ward and Johnny Horton on the Monday Morning Show will be coming up next.
And that's right, it's no calls on the hour of slack for a while, friends.
That's right, we're gagging you, the listener.
But you can write for information from the Church of the Subgenius at P.O. Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
I'll give that number again.
At the end of the broadcast.
It is just about.
We've got ten seconds to go.
Oh, by the way, I did get a tape of the Prairie Squid Show.
Thanks to Arch Reverend Immortal Light David Aguilera.
And winner of this month's Proof of the Conspiracy Award goes to Tony Granados,
who called to our attention a prominent billboard in Dallas which reads,
We're working to keep you working.
We're working to keep you working.
Proof of a conspiracy, friends.
How far away is 1980?
And who is Big Brother?
And is the movie Brazil a documentary?
Well, here at the hour of slack, we're spending to keep you paying.
Praise Bob.
By the way, I saw Transformers, the movie, and it's great.
And I will reveal that Optimus Prime dies in the movie Transformers, the movie, and doesn't come back.
Ha, ha, ha.
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.


Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha.


Ha, ha, ha.

Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.
Ha, ha.


Ha, ha.

Boy, it hadn't sounded that good in a long, long time.
If you'd like to call and be on the air, have something interesting to contribute or at least intelligent.
I don't know if our listeners can be both.
You're right, Stang. I can say the same for your audience.
I said that.
Why do you think they call it subgenius?
Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Subparticles.
Yes, indeed.
So, if you'd like to pick up the phone, give us a call.
We've been trying to get a hold of some people to be on here.
And have not had too much success.
