Let mortal combat begin!
Yeah, let's go. Let's do it, man.
A handful of people on a leaky boat are gonna save the world.
You got it.
Exactly.
Maybe.
No statement, Your Honor.
No Bob Dobbs.
Your Honor!
Yes, of course. No Dobbs.
This is the most clean and detailed probe that we've ever done.
If you're listening this morning, you'll be amazed at the very orderly procedure
that's been done.
This is the first time I've ever seen a book in this case.
As has been dressed by the officer in the background.
Well, thank you.
And hear the tinkling of the bells, and the little sub-deenies have the conversation about what to do.
Well, maybe we should do the maintenance work on the show this morning.
Very good.
Yeah, let's take the show apart.
Okay, here we go.
Put it back together, have it all be real clean and everything.
Here's some alcohol.
Okay.
Now open the hatch here.
Don't forget the Q-tip.
Well, maybe we should send Dr. Vredes down into the very, very lowest level of the station.
I'm not going.
I want a raise.
Oh, wait.
No, everyone at this station is being fired.
Your raise is down here, Paul.
Come on, down here.
Where?
Way down here.
There, Paul.
I don't see it.
Hey, get down there and catch some raise.
Hey, look, you lazy jerk.
Just climb down this ladder.
I'm not going.
You're not paying me enough.
And neither could your tape recorders, but that's all right, because the blinking lights
will just have to wait for now.
I'm sorry.
It's the subliminal messages which make it worth listening to this show now or at any
other time.
This tape is meant for entertainment purposes only, to satisfy emotional and sexual needs.
Any attempt to act as I do on this tape in public may be dangerous, and neither I or
the order of Dionysus Sabazios can be held responsible.
Our sick, prudish, Puritan society, which tries to limit sexual expression such as perversion
and intergenerational love, such as between teenagers and older adults, is just not ready
for a tape like this.
This is 1995 Christian era, 30th year Anno Satanas by the Church of Satan timetable.
As I said, it may be dangerous to act as I'm about to on this tape, particularly at parties
where alcohol and drugs are consumed, especially if those people doing such were abused as
kids, sexually, if not physically, or perhaps both.
But if anyone uses their hard fucking life of sexual intercourse to do something, then


sexual and or physical abuse as an excuse to be an asshole and try to censor verbal
expression and acting out of sexual fantasies, they deserve just one fucking thing.
And if anyone gets pissed at what I'm saying here, or the way I act on this tape, I really
don't fucking care.
Although in a way I do, for this is how the world should be.
Because I'm a Christian.
I'm a sadistic pervert.
Nobody messes with a sadistic pervert.
How can you talk like that here in the air?
I don't know.
These poor people don't know about this stuff.
I thought we were in this band.
Yeah, but you can't even...
Uh, yes, uh, maybe now would be a good time to say something about the band.
This was when we used to be fighting.
They're all interested, all agog, to hear about the band and the wonderful new world
that it produces.
Uh, feels good, doesn't it?
Here we go.
You fools, both of you!
You're being used, don't you see?
Amy, take a break.
You worked hard on this story.
Heck, you broke it for us, but it's past your buying Smith here's taking up the slack.
Oh, you want slack?
I'll give you slack.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
Heavy!
High car!
High drum!
Heavy, get in.

















I'm on it.
Hardcore, man.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
Good.
Afraid so, boys.
These days, perversion gets a bum rap because it's being given a bad name by all the amateurs.
If you want to get the highbrow lowdown on all the subterranean hijinks going on in the so-called real world you have to live in every day,
turn to us, the experts, the unchained reverends of the subgenius hour of slack.
Wouldn't you like to teleport your debtors into limbo,
smooth out the wrinkles in your brain that contain all your childhood phobias,
and learn how to make your car run on sheer gall?
Well, sure you would.
And who, tell me who, is in a better position to do that than the brighter than bright J.R. Bob Dobbs
and his glow-in-the-dark henchman, that most unspeakable Reverend Ivan Stang?
Why, no one but you, after you've been exposed to an industrial storage tank full of the subgenius hour of slack.
This is the fun house.
The sound of the drill going into my head was the last thing I heard without the echo.
And this weird music in my head.
The licking worms escaping me.
My head.
My head always hurts.
Thanks, Bob.
My head always hurts.
Thanks, Bob.
This music is horrible.
Louder! Louder!
More! More! More!
Thanks, Bob.
There's a huge chasm between blazing truth and outright lies,
and you can learn to breakdance on the rope that stretches between them
by listening to this song.

And now, to the subgenius hour of slack.
You may have to get older, but you don't have to grow up.
Why, just look at what it's done for us.
Unimaginable wealth, girls, flying saucers, and the best hip replacements money can buy.
Swap your oxygen bottle for some nitrous oxide and praise Bob.
Nurse! Nurse!
Ah!
Some material contained on this tape may not be suitable for children.
Some material contained on this tape may not be suitable at all.
Do not waste time blocking your ears.
Do not waste time seeking a soundproof shelter.
Give up.
Give up.
Give up.
Subgenius is stupid.
Communism is good.
Hmm.
Mortal Kombat.
It has begun.
It has begun.
Oh, Bob.
Oh.
Turn on.
Tune in.
Why do you want to be normal?
The rupture is upon us, dear friends.
That fateful day, July 5th, 1998.
Oh.
Next days are coming.
And the peaks are coming.
Ah!
Next days are coming.
And the peaks are coming.
Ah!
Ah!
Sure, when the rupture hits,
we'll all be in our first-class window seats.
The pleasure saucers watching the little pink boys fry.
Turn on.
Tune in.
And...
You certainly don't want to trick people.
Next days are coming.
And the peaks are coming.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Sure, J.R. Bob Dobbs is my savior.
And, of course,
I want more slack.
And I'm smoking prop nonstop.
But what I really want...
Ah!
Ah!
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Ah!
Those lovely alien nympho mutants.
Ah!
Ah!
Non-stop orgies on the pleasure saucers.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Oh, yeah.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Oh, I love to be naked.
Ah!
Ah!

Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Oh, fuck.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Turn on.
Tune in.
And...
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
X Days Are Coming
And the peaks are coming
Ah!
Ah!
I said X Days Are,
coming
and them little
pigs are bumming
those conspiracy
doink pink boy normals are gonna
fry they won't even
know what hit them
that old stark fist is gonna come down hard
but nothing's guaranteed
dear friends
I'm a card carrying member of the church of the
subgenius
I'm the almighty king of
flack but when
x day comes around
the only thing I have is my
unshakable fate
in bar
turn on
turn on
turn on
turn on
x days are coming
and the pigs
are
bumming
don't you wanna be saved
don't
x days are coming
and the pigs
are bumming
listen to me mister
it's salvation I'm talking about
only you
and yes dear friends
and that was bill Miller the king of
slak and you couldn't get to the information about not
miller's
incredible CDs
it by calling this to easy way franz just call
617 lick
owe
P e
that's 617
own baby
and ill dried Obeson's got something changed my friends because just where
We're back! We're back! We're back from the great 1996 Slack Crusade tour.
Ah, yes. And your dear prayer partner, Reverend Ivan Stang,
I've been preaching and driving and selling food!
Friends and... But, but...
Listen to this in the background.
Ah, yes.
This is the soundtrack theme music from the subgenius video Arise,
played live by DK Jones and Huge Voodoo at the Wetlands Club in New York
as part of the Slack Crusade.
God, what a crusade it was, friends!
And as I say, we have so many tapes, but before I go on into that,
what else can I... I'll stick on some Cosmic Factory back here.
I had to share this bit of news with you folks.
This is something from the Dallas Morning News,
and it probably won't make national news,
but it says here, from Oklahoma City,
a bill to ban bear wrestling in Oklahoma bars passed the state senate on Tuesday
after it was amended to stiffen the penalty against spousal abuse.
Now,
get this, friends.
Under the bill sent to the House,
abusing a spouse on the first offense would still carry a lighter penalty than wrestling a bear.
The bill would make bear wrestling a misdemeanor,
with a maximum penalty of one year in jail and a $5,000 fine.
Uh, Representative Penny Williams, Democrat Tulsa,
offered an amendment providing for a penalty of up to a year in jail and a $2,000 fine
for abusing a current or former spouse.
So, in Oklahoma City, if you get caught wrestling with abusing a bear,
you're gonna have to pay five grand.
But if you get caught just wrestling, you know, abusing your spouse, that's $2,000.
Did you know that in this country today, over 4,000 women are abused by their husbands every day?
To me, that's a sign of the end.
But, at the same time, friends, that many up-
Well, anyway, let's move back, yes.
Yes, we, cuz we did, friends.
We did it.
We-
We did it!
We proved that we could minister to the masses, to the lost masses out there,
nine cities in a row in the bitterest dead of winter, and make money.
Using?
Using!
Using only a minivan, a portable pulpit, a giant picture of Bob, a fistful of grim determination, and a Joe tape.
We'll be sharing the Joe tape with you, dear friends, whether you like it or not.
But that ain't all we used.
Friends, we also used all the little people who got in our ways.
Yes, the little people.
We finally caught on, you know, that if you act like big, obnoxious stars, you get treated like big, obnoxious stars.
Praise Bob.
Because I'm the type of person who does what I say I'm going to do.
That's what's different between me and all the other people in this town.
I do what I say I'm going to do.
Oh, sure, the inspiration was gone years ago.
We're selling surreal humor product.
You think I'm going to give up the free vacation?
You think I'm going to give up the Adelaide?
That's above all.
You ask that's why.
Crank out some product.
Hip surreal product.
I'm not going to let this thing die.
Are you crazy?
Duh, I'm not stupid.
Remember showbiz rule number two, Doug.
The pants should be so tight they could do the show without you.
Don't ever touch my hair, okay?
I just want you to remember that one thing.
Don't ever touch my hair.
Because my talent.
Is an incredible burden that I have to carry with me every day.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And we had to carry that burden every day.
From city to city.
Oh, what did we do?
What did we do for Bob?
Oh, Chicago, Madison, Minneapolis, St.
Louis, Cleveland, Baltimore, Pittsburgh, New York, Boston.
And we got the groupies friends.
And we got the anti groupies and the sub groupies and the reporters and books.
And we got the TV appearances and the stolen props and the dead batteries.
And the parties where you throw TV sets into swimming pools.
And catered meals backstage.
And sickness.
And the bad directions.
And the sickness.
And the sleazy promoters.
And the cold.
And the sickness.
And friends, but we survived because we had our own sleazy promoter.
Yes, the Lord Jesus Christ, the son of God himself, dear friends,
is now the promoter of the Church of the Subgenius on the road on our snake oil type tours.
It seems he was reborn on Earth in the early 70s.
And yes, he is now working for the Subgenius Foundation as tour manager and sleazy promoter.
The Messiah came back, took one look around and got him a job working for J.R.
Bob Dobbs, my friend.
He was born in the mid-1980s.

You might have heard of Bob Dobbs in Rolling Stone, People, The Washington Post or on MTV.
He is the inspiration behind a couple of alternative guys who call themselves the Church of the Subgenius.
This church started in Dallas, Texas, which is often called the buckle on the Bible belt.
All we're trying to do is unbuckle the Bible belt.
We offer something that no other religion offers.
Eternal salvation or triple salvation.

We're trying to do something that no other religion offers. Eternal salvation or triple salvation.
We're trying to do something that no other religion offers.

Instead of bringing your money back, he does not really care about your sins.
He comes rather to justify your sins, to rationalize your sins, my friend.
He brings not forgiveness, but an excuse.
If you come to a Subgenius Devival, you will be preached the word of J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He will give you hints as to how you can find slack in your own life,
but mostly what we're trying to do is give people a pep, well we're trying to get thirty dollars out.
Praise Bob. Better than Swaggart.
This is the Subgenius Devival.
the warm-up act for a church of the subgenius. They're called Circus Apocalypse. Other stunts
include escaping from a straitjacket and sewing their mouths shut. Boy, entertainment. You
can see both tomorrow night at Ground Zero in Minneapolis.
Brother Cleve Duncan here.
Ah, yes, look at this. It's gospel now.
I don't believe I've heard a praise bomb yet.
Oh! Come on, sound off like you've got a pair out there.
Praise bomb!
Praise bomb!
Praise bomb!
Praise bomb!
Who needs bomb anyway?
Okay, let's open your hearts, close your minds, unzip your lips, pull out your wallet, and
bend over.
Because here comes the word.
Look, look, look, look.
Oh, yeah.
Let's see now. Friends, before we get started, I want to outlaw you all to join me if you
need to.
I don't want you to be inhibited or anything about this. I'm not using you to kiss each
other or nothing. But there's this traditional thing we've always started to be bottles off
ever since the old days of the tabernacle in Dallas, Texas. If you all could just close
your eyes and bow your heads and all commune together in a solemn moment of sacred...
Big noise!
Big noise!
Big noise!
Big noise!
Big noise!
Big noise!

Big noise!
Big noise!




Big noise!
Big noise!
Oh, he doesn't care. He really does not care. Before I get started, friends, how many dearly
beloved Christians do we have in this audience? Just raise your hands. Don't be afraid. I
didn't think so. Let me see. Well, maybe one or two. Well, you'll love it. How many people
here consider themselves to be some form of weirdos? Raise your hand. Okay, a little bit
more now.
A little bit more now. This is one that usually can't be seen. A little bit more now. A little
tells the tale. How many people here are real drug addicts of some kind? Raise your hand.
These are the end times, friends. Oh, and most important of all, are there any millionaires
here tonight? No? So there's got to be one millionaire somewhere. You're saved. You are
saved already. You can go home. Well, friends, you know, the fundamentalist, how shall I
put this? The fundamentalist ends seem to think that there should be a bit more religion
in this country. And have we got a religion for them, dear friends? The Church of the
Subgenius. God's answer to fundamentalism. Eternal salvation or triple your money back.
Now, you know what? Like most churches have a hell of a lot of rules.
And in this case, we've only got one, folks. One simple rule. I'm going to tell you what it is.
If they can't take a joke.
Beautiful, beautiful thing. And by the same token, you know, all the other churches have a hell of a lot of sins.
We only consider one thing a sin in this church, friends, and that is the sin of the church.
Serving the conspiracy. The conspiracy of the whole people. Well, actually, there is one other sin.
That's the sin of not sending in that $30 membership check for Bob. But we'll leave that up to you.
Well, for that matter, there's 365 sins listed in Revelation. This book, Revelation. Thanks for your
prayer. All of them committed by myself. I can explain those to you after the show, I suppose.
But before I go any further, there's a little.
Ritual we have to do.
Oh, yes, dear friends. Little rituals and little doggies here in the radio station.
And yes, so that's what one of those devivals sounded like.
At least that one had Brother Cleve Duncan on the holy keyboards there.
And isn't that just amazing and lovely?
I wanted to share with you some of the sort of music that we listened to as we drove from town to town.
Across this great nation of ours.
Oh, this is us.
We tore up all of our swindle sheets and left them sitting on the scales.
By the time we hit that shy town, them bears was getting smart.
They'd brought up some reinforcements from the Illinois National Guard.
There's armored cars and tanks and jeeps and rigs of every size.
Yeah, them chicken coops was full of bears and choppers filled the skies.
Well, we shot the line. We went for broke with a thousand screaming trucks.
And 11 long hair.
And friends of Jesus in a chartreuse microbus.
A rubber duck to a sodbuster.
Come on there, you have 10-4 sodbuster.
Listen, you want to put that microbus in behind that suicide jockey?
Yeah, he's hauling dynamite and he needs all the help he can get.
Well, we laid a strip for the Jersey Shore and prepared to cross the line.
I could see the bridge was lined with bears, but it didn't have a doggone dime.
I says, pig pen, this here's a rubber duck.
We just ain't going to pay no toll.
So we crashed the gate doing 98.
I says, let's go.


Let them truckers roll 10-4.
Oh, yeah, that was us, dear friends.
Whoa, there we fell.
Now we're all falling apart here in the radio station.
There's no loop.
Well, anyway, friends.
When we weren't listening to C.W. McCall there, we were listening to Johnny Cash or the Joe
tape.
Now, the Joe tape was given to Jesus at his old bookstore in Cleveland by the maker of
the Joe tape, Joe himself.
And we listened to this tape all the way through at least once a day.
It got to where you couldn't tell who was talking in our little van full of preachers
because we all got to where we talked.
Like Joe.
Those are my rapist noises.
You see, it sounds like I'm just whistling a tuneless whistle, but the really means that's
the sound of the sperm coming out when a guy's raping a chick.
Now.
You're going to be subjected to a song that I made up.
Horny with a chick.
Horny with a chick.
Horny, horny, horny horn.
Horny with a chick.
I'm too sick to get the horny with a chick.
Horny with a chick.
Horny, horny, horny horn.
Horny.
With a chick.
Ha, horny with two chicks.
Horny with two chicks.
Horny, horny, horny horn.
Horny with two chicks.
I am too sick to get a horny with two chicks.
Horny with two chicks.
Horny, horny, horny horn.
Horny with.
Two chicks.
Horney, when a chick walks by, Orny, when a chick walks by,
Horny, horny, horny horn, Horny, when a chick walks by,
Horny in your socks Horny in your socks
Horny, horny, horny horn, Horny, in your socks
I am too shocked to be a horny in my socks.
Horny in my socks.
Horny a horny horny horn.
Horny in my socks.
I'm gonna force you in the bed with me.
Horny with two dykes.
Horny a with two dykes.
Horny horny horny horn.
Horny with two dykes.
I'm too spiked to get a horny with two dykes.
Horny a with two dykes.
Horny a horny horny horn.
Horny with two dykes.
Horny a with two bleachings.
Horny a with two dykes.


with two punk chicks.
Horny, oh horny, horny horn.
Horny, oh with two punk chicks.
Horny with a pregnant chick on roller skates.
Horny with a pregnant chick on roller skates.
Horny, oh horny, horny horn.
Horny with a pregnant chick on roller skates.
How do you get horny in your socks, you wonder?
Well, maybe I'll just have to demonstrate to all of you
someday.
See, this one time I had an itch in my foot inside my socks,
and that's how I came up with the idea of horny in your socks.
I eat lots of horny with a chick food.
It gives me energy to get horny.
Yes, friends, it's an amazing, amazing tape there.
Joe Offrecht, yes, that's what we listen to once a day,
at least, the entire tape.
And you may wonder why.
You know, I mean, we don't think
rape is funny.
You know, we certainly don't condone the activities of Joe Offrecht
of the Temple of Dionysus of Basio.
But let me tell you something.
Tomorrow morning, you're going to wake up singing that song to yourself.
Horny with two chicks.
Horny with two chicks.
You're going to, you are, you're going to wake up singing that.
And you'll play that tape for your friends, and they'll wake up singing it.
And the next thing you know,
it won't be praise Bob anymore.
It won't be praise Jesus.
It won't be praise, it'll be praise Joe.
That's all it's going to be.
So we're just, I'm sorry if the Church of the Subgenius was the first group to bring
you Joe Offrecht, to unleash Joe upon the world.
I'm sorry, but you know, we have a mission to bring you the highest in high weirdness.
And the Joe Offrecht, the Joe tape is the highest high weirdness we've run into.
And quite some time.
Thank you.
You weak, pathetic fools.
I've come for your souls.
I don't think so.
Excellent.
Kano.
Little Gang.
Raiden.
Johnny Cage.
Scorpion.
Sub Zero.
Sonya.
And...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.









One day about four or five years ago, we was sitting at the conical station.
Kicking tires, and swatting flies, and discussing the State of the Union.
Went right out in front of the Baptist Church, come a big old purple school bus.
Had astrological signs upon it, and 35 hippies and dogs inside.
About half of them went for the courthouse lawn, and them dogs commenced on the fire
plug.
Rest of them set there, staring at us.
And I says, Roy, go get your flit, Gunn.
He says, which is the hippies and which is the dogs?
I says, beats the hell out of me, Roy.
What there was was a bunch of them crispy critters,
and the leader was a space cadet.
And he says, Sagittarius, we has arrived.
Prepare to disembark, man.
Get the incense going in the sitar.
We gonna camp in the city park, man.
I says, boys, let me explain the situation to you.
A, you're getting me down.
And B, we got us a leash law here,
and C, you in the wrong town.
You drop one string of beads in that there park,
and you're gonna see a whole lot of stars.
You got 15 seconds to get out of town, boys,
or we gonna blow you to Mars.
Well, they all got back in the purple bus
and proceeded to the city limits.
Then the telephone rang.
It was a swimming pool.
It says a mess of wild critters was in it.
So we all got into Mars' Plymouth,
which is always at the conical station,
went flashing on down to the swimming pool
to give them critters a citation.
By the time we arrived, it was too damn late.
Them critters had all had their pants down.
Them dogs was tearing the bathhouse apart,
and they was after the fish,
and the fish,
and the fish, gratuitously,


I says, Roy, you get the one in the silver T-shirt,
and I'll get the rest with a net.
We're gonna have a jail
full of naked krispy critters
and a drip-dried space cadet.
Come here.
All right seriously,
we got the fun and the fun,
and fun and fun,
Well, we gave them hell, but we lost the war
because them critters outnumbered us.
So they moved in and set up camp
and they lived in that purple school bus.
Six weeks later, there was nothing in town
but 84 dogs in the head shop
selling dried-up weeds and sunflower seeds
and astrological postcards.
The critters took over the city council
and the dogs all barked their brains out.
And the whole damn town was crispy critters
and the mayor was a space cadet.
In the far future, no one will have tools.
Things will be better then,
and the band that dare not speak its name
will be your musical leader.
In the 90s.
So just stay tuned for about eight more years.
Fellow travelers and sycophants.
I think I've got a flat.
Somebody dropped the whole city and broke it.
Well, we'll just have to put it back together
before the end of the show.
We've got students to do that, actually.
Oh, okay.
Let's start gluing, guys.
Well, here you can see we're gluing back
the Temple of the Sun.
We have the ancient temple of the three windows,
the royal mausoleum, the outlooks,
and the look view down into the thundering Europe
of the river Vologi.
But what about all the starving children on Mars?
Hmm.
Let them eat dogs.
And we're so proud.
What kind of drugs do they do on Mars?
The whole station is puffing up with pride.
They don't do drugs.
They have hats that they wear
that release enzymes through their skull,
and it actually mingles with your particular body chemistry
and gives you the trip you need.
Do they have slack on Mars?
Do they have slack on Mars?
Oh, boy, do they have slack on Mars?
Come on.
Slack on Mars!
I eat lots of horny with a chick food.
It gives me energy to get horny with a chick on.
Always.
Be careful what you drink and how you mix your drinks,
because if you're not careful,
you'll throw up all of your horny with a chick food,
and then you won't have energy to get horny with a chick on.
They look inward,
but there's nothing to see.
You can't see your own eyes.
You can't hear your own...
Your own ears.
You can't run from your own feet.
You can't spank your own booty.
Can't swallow your own throat.
You can't think about your own brain.
Don't do it, kid.
It's fuzzy. It's fuzzy.
I can't think about my own brain.
You can't rip off your own chainer.
It's a vague feeling.
It's a very, very vague feeling.
It's a very hazy. It's a fuzzy.
Fuzzy.
Fuzzy.

Fuzzy.

Fuzzy.
Yeah, ever since I got this hole in my skull,
my vision has been great,
but God, my hearing.
It's like I hear these little bongo noises
and squeaks and ghost violins.
It's confusing.
It's disorienting.
It's disconcerting.
It's disconcerting.
It makes me nauseous.
The room's spinning again.
It makes me nauseous.
The room's spinning again.
I'm getting...
I'm getting...
Oh, God, I need more, Bob! Make it go away!
Make me come down, Bob!
Ah!
Step aside, Earth fools!
It is I, Jehovah One,
the evil alien space god from a corporate thin galaxy!
Bow down and pray to me,
or I will threaten you with stories of a hell!
They're not bowing down.
They're just bending over.
But this isn't hell. This is some genius hell, isn't it?
No, we took you to hell,
and then we took you and set you adrift in outer space,
but now we're going to drag you through the Internet.
You're going to surf the digital sewers.
From now on, Dave,
here, we'll just enter him in.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
That's the subject.
Let me see.
And this is coming from...
Sub-G-Stang-1 at AOL.com.
Okay.
Date, 22 November 1963.
And we'll put him in the location,
Triple Underpass Dealey Plaza, Dallas, Texas.
And...
As soon as I hit exit, off he'll go.
Oh, no, not exit. That'll erase him.
Return, that's it.
I'm learning all this Internet.
I'm a cyber surfer now.
Okay, now we're going to send Dave to Dealey Plaza.
Let's go.
What? Wait, wait, what?
Wait, wait, what?
Oh, it didn't work.
Oh, it says the modem's at the wrong speed.
It's 96,100 baud instead of 24.
I paid 89...
I will hit the little button that starts the song.
I will destroy you.
I will destroy you.
I will destroy you.
It says that now is the time to find my way
To the top, not stop.
It's all in a game
That I cannot win.
Come again.
The battle for the mind of North America
will be fought in the video ring.
The television screen.
The television screen is the retina of the mind's eye.
Therefore, the television screen is part of the physical structure of the brain.
Therefore, whatever appears on the television screen
emerges as raw experience for those who watch it.
Therefore, television is reality.
And reality is less than television.
Watching TV
In the middle of the afternoon
It waits
Our truth
The one who tells us all
About the good
About the bad
And all the things in between
Monkey see
Monkey do
It's all from you
It's from you, buddy
Techno
Techno
For now
I waste my life
Watching that screen
Techno
For now
Techno
For now
I think that my CDs make my life sound crystal clear
No hiss, no pop, no static fills my ears
You change the channels and turn my world upside down
I sleep through the day
I walk the streets at night
Techno
For now
Techno
For now
I waste my life
Watching that screen
Techno
For now
Techno
For now
To catch up with the strands ofết
Techno
Mine in front of you


For enough psychologists

Without a die


Instead of my dad



You turn the world upside down

I will forged just
He's five years old
Not worth it
So who is Landry您
We'll be right back.
Ah, yes, dear friends, Indian Rope Burn, there and here.
Ah.
Yes, Indian Rope Burn, one of the bands that was on the tour some of the time.
In fact, everything that I've been playing tonight on this show is, in some way,
it's fallout from the Slack Crusade tours.
What have we been playing here?
Going back in time.
Going back in time, of course, the Joe Offric tape.
What?
Yes, and some KPFA.
Well, listen to that.
That's the first track.
Another one from the runners called Hirosaki.
Amazing to hear the live versions of these songs.
These are old subgenius background tunes.
This one's Hirosaki by D.K. Jones, performed by D.K. Jones.
Huge boot.
And we've been playing KPFA.
Well, KPFA, they weren't part of the tour.
Puzzling Evidence, Dr. Howell, Glass Madness, Geary Brofram, Paul Manbrini.
But, yes, Joe Offric and the Channel 9 news report from Minneapolis.
That was an interesting little piece of pinkness there.
Not to mention Bill Miller.
Everything we're going to play in the next few shows, I think,
is going to be from that self-sabotage.
Same live tour of preaching.
Man, it was tent show divivals, and we wowed them.
We broke a leg.
We ate glass.
Breathed fire.
Smashed stuff.
Launched heads.
Hammered screwdrivers into our skulls.
And healed the lame and the impotent.
Dear friends.
Well, actually, I didn't do any of that, but we collectively did.
Dr. Legume and Circus Apocalypse actually did most of that.
And all I did was preach.
And garner bad reviews by PC-somethings and city newspapers.
And we drew all of our stalkers out of the woodwork, friends.
We may not have made our goal of one million new souls by July 96 yet.
But, dear friends, as St. Janer Hypercletes preached in Chicago,
sure, the Church of the Subgenius may not actually be able to save the world,
but it can still save the world.

And it can still irritate the hell out of lots and lots of people.
Here's the Moonpants song.
Mooney, mooney, moonpants.
Ejaculating your moonpants.
That didn't come out right.
Mooney, mooney, moonpants.
Ejaculating your moonpants.
What are moonpants?
Pants like the astronauts wore to the moon.
Now it's time for a little commercial.
Do you suffer from the up against the underwear syndrome?
You know, where after an ejaculation, your, uh, your, where your flesh sticks to your underwear?
Well, get Acme anti-stick, and you won't suffer from up against the underwear syndrome anymore.
Up against the under-wear.
Up against the under-wear.
Up against the under-wear.
That, by the way, was not a real commercial.
That is a satire.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
First, we'll have a short word from the following song.
Look, how many people here are Hour of Slack listeners?
All right, good, yeah, praise WFMU.
You've got to be damn glad that you have WFMU.
I live in a city that no longer has a station even remotely like that.
I have to do the show in my house.
Um, and I won't go into the reasons for that.
Yeah, you want to get personal about it?
Okay, friends, uh, for those of you who are Hour of Slack listeners have heard, uh,
Father Joe Mama, also known as Papa Joe Mama.
And, well, hell, this show tonight is practically like an Hour of Slack Live, in a way,
except that you never get Circus Apocalypse on Hour of Slack because your radio would burn down.
So, um, well, friends, I don't know what else to say.
Some people, when they run, when they see Father Joe Mama, they think,
the church and the subgenius has turned fascist.
Praise Bob! We're taking fascism back for the people!
Fascism for the people!

People, man!
For Joe Mama!
Praise Bob.
Hello, friends, and welcome.
You know, after seeing that inspirational, I don't want to call it an act because it wasn't an act,
that inspirational ritual, that divine ritual from Circus Apocalypse,
I can only feel that the,
the only appropriate sermon tonight,
has to be entitled,
The Privilege of Pain.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Because, you know, there's a lot of subgenius out there,
who are beginning to sound like the pinks and normals,
who pollute our planet.
You know the ones I mean.
The soft, fat, comfy folks.
They get all in a tizzy, unless everything is just so.
They can't have any soap!
They can't have any stress!
They can't change their routine!
They can't sleep at night!
If there's so much as a single pee underneath their mattress.
Everything's got to be perfect and in place.
The temperature can't be too hot, and it can't be too cold either.
Their cars have to feature the pulled-out blinds to block the sunlight, so they don't have to squint.
They have to drink bottled water, because the tasteless, odorless water from the tap
isn't tasteless enough, or odorless enough.
These are the anal animals that infest our planet,
and waste our air, and use up our resources,
and then have the gall to turn to us and say,
Oh gee, I don't know what you're bitching about.
If you've got a problem, why don't you do something about it?
Oh, we'll do something about it, all right.
Only they may be a little surprised how improving our lives
reduces the quality of theirs.
You see, we subgenies haven't wandered across this pink desert of so-called culture
without learning a few things.
Chief amongst our discoveries was the answer to the ancient Tibetan riddle.
Is it better to live a wonderful life and die a horrible, excruciating death,
or is it better to live a horrible, excruciating life,
but have a wonderful death?
Now, pinks always select the first choice,
because instant gratification is a genetic flaw of their race.
These creatures are bred by the conspiracy for the dual purpose of labor and consumption.
They are meant to spend every last penny of their life

to support other pinks who are doing the same thing.
Now, when they can't do any more work, what do you think happens to them?
They wither up and die to make more room for other, newer conspiracy dupes
to begin the cycle anew.
It is the closest thing to perpetual motion ever defined by man.
It is perfect in every way, except for one flaw.
One tiny little error in the millions and millions of lines of conspiracy computer code.
One little bug that will bring the entire system down crashing.
And that fly in the ointment, my friend, is Bob.
J.R. Bob Dobbs and his legions of subgenius maggots.
We're not team players, friends.
No, we're team attackers.
Yes, indeed.
Because like the gadfly, we pester the workhorse.
Buzz around and land just behind the ear to inject our poison.
Oh, it steams. It hurts.
Don't you worry about that.
They want to break away from the plowing and run off galloping.
A few of them do because they're too scared.
But every once in a while, one or two does.
And that leaves the conspiracy masters empty-handed.
And we all know how they resist picking up a shovel and doing anything to their own lily-white hands, don't we?
Because the only people more adverse to pain and suffering than the Peaks is your conspiracy overlords.
Yes, dear friends, they can dish out the work, but they can never take it.
They feel it's beneath them because they know a little secret that you and I have always suspected.
They know that the real purpose of work is simply to wear down the little people so that they can be controlled.
Meanwhile, the subgenius continues to fly free.
Ours is not a life of luxury or privileged difference.
Make no mistake about that.
It is a life of inconvenience and downright poverty.
But it is a natural poverty.
A poverty enjoyed by the poor.
Enjoyed by every living creature on God's sweet Earth who is not caged by the conspiracy.
Because the best things in life are indeed free.
We may be left out in the cold when it rains, but we are free to frolic in the sunshine every other day of the year, aren't we?
Unlike the Peek ones trapped in their little cubicle offices.
Thus we enjoy a dignity and self-determination unknown to the creatures of captivity.
But the most important perk we possess, dear friends, is the privilege of pain.
Because every time, every time we cut our finger, stub our toe, or decaptate our heads during a head-launching ritual,
we experience a little preview of the pain and suffering that the Peeks will enjoy our next day.
It is the taste of a bitter cup from which the Peeks will drown.
And the taste of a bitter cup from which the Peeks will drown.
Back in the days of segregation, it might interest you to know that the Reverend Jesse Jackson used to spit in the food of the white people.
We're doing the same thing, philosophically speaking.
Only our spit is more spite than spit.
Yes, it won't go down as easy as Jesse's. No siree.
And it won't stay down as easy either.
But you can rest assured, dear friends,
the Peeks will gag on the bile that we cough up for their last supper.
Yet eat it they shall, each and every chunk.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because deep down, they want to be punished.
Deep down they know that they are guilty.
Guilty as sin.
Sin against themselves.
Sin against their fellow man.
And sin against Bob.
Give me a praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Now some subgenius critics like to label us a vindictive church.
Vindictive?
Makes it sound like we're the ones that are evil or cruel.
We are. We are.
For centuries the conspiracy has raped our minds, murdered our spirits, and stolen our slack.
And yet, the moment we want to give them just a taste of their own medicine, suddenly we're the ones being cruel.
No sir, I don't believe that and I don't believe you believe that either.
Kind of makes you think, doesn't it?
I bet the Nazis think the Jews are vindictive
for hunting them down and hanging them 50 years after the war.
There's always some hypocrite out there who's going to wring their hands and say,
Well, aren't they being a meanie?
I've got news for you friends.
If they really, truly want to empathize with the enemy, perhaps they should share in the punishment instead of whining from the safety of the sidelines.
Yeah!
Me?
Me, I think we're pretty generous.
Why sure.
We're allowing the collaborators to continue their comfy lifestyle upholding the status quo.
We're letting them live out their lives of luxury at our expense.
And all we're asking in return is a little bit of justice in the end times.
A chance for them to experience the pain that we feel every day of our lives, concentrated into, just say, the last final moments of their own.
Now, how can anyone call that unfair?
The irony is, dear friends, the irony is, we do this out of love.
Because we seek justice not for ourselves, but for them.
So that they may be saved.
To provide them penance so that they may redeem themselves in false sight.
And do you want to know why, dear friends?
Why? Why?
I'm glad you asked that.
The reason why is very simple.
Because salvation from Bob is not a right, my friends.
It is a privilege, a privilege of pain!
Here it is the word of our praise, Bob!
Amen!
Praise Bob! Praise Bob! Praise Bob!
Amen!
Oh yes, dear friends. Father Joe, Mama caught live.
At the Wetlands Club in New York City.
An amazing spectacle, a great preaching there.
The privilege of pain.
Truly, truly one of the all time great Papa Joe Mama sermons.
And friends, we're coming up near the end of the show.
And it's time for me to give you the sacred box office number.
To write for free information about this mighty church of the subgenius.
And I want you to get that pencil out right now.
Okay.
Read it.
Alright.
I want you to write that little request for free information to Bob.
Yes, that's spelled B-O-B.
Just address that to Bob at post office box 140306.
That's box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Yes, once again, that zip code is 75214.
In fact, I'd be tempted to tell you to just write to Bob at 752140406.
And it would get to him.
Yes, it'd get to him.
And we can get back to you the information on what you've been listening to.
And what you're going to listen to.
You're going to hear, next week you're going to hear more preaching from the D-Vivals.
More music mixes by the same people who were providing music at the D-Vivals.
And more, oh tonight we've been playing a little bit of the ESO radio.
Which I was guesting on with Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Chaz from WCSB in Cleveland.
We've been listening to the subgenius show from Berkley.
Which is the KPFA show with Puzzling Evidence, Dr. Howell and Gary Brogfran.
Old tapes of that show.
Old tapes.
We've been listening to the live D-Vival tapes from the Slack Crusade tour.
With all the great preachers.
Myself being the greatest of all the greatest great preachers.
And the King of Slack, Bill Miller.
As well as the King of...
Fascism.
Father Joe Mama.
The band Indian Rope Burn.
The great old Lost Rogue subgenius C.W. McCall.
And Jane or Hyperclean.
There's little clips of that.
By God we've been hearing everything.
And Joe.
Yes, praise.
Or damn.
Joe.
What's that shit about that?
Arnold C re.
Hare.
And then.


rij Pulis.
No no, not that.
And my God, I've known Joe since I was a baby when I was a small baby.
He and aussi as a oppressor at the game club.





That was your shaving.
I've seen plenty you of.
Is the εν증 dichaou.
Has he gone home?
I've seen plenty to me, I've seen some se-eh-oh, I've seen some gants.

The main thing I care about is how he ends up with their remain.


© BF-WATCH TV 2021
