From NPR News in Washington, I'm under direction of an independent administrator.
The Justice Department says it has pee.
Senior Obama administration officials want to keep the pee.
Tom Pirelli says the department finished pee remains this weekend.
The Justice Department continues to investigate whether pee broke the disaster.
Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen has resumed drilling a pee well that's slated to intercept the end of this week.
Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen says...
President Obama says people can rest along the Gulf Coast.
We're excited that fish can go back to work. In fact, we had some yesterday.
President speaking as he welcomed taking a break.
But House Republican Leader John Boehner says...
Demanding and asking the question, where are the American people?
Boehner told NBC the way to stimulate the economy is by cutting hiring this morning.
Oscar-winning actress Patricia Neal is aimed at preventing...
tens of thousands of public school teachers and state and local government workers from NPR News in Washington.
Is this thing on? It is, huh?
It is on, and so are you.
You can scoot it over closer to your face if you want.
Oh, how many times have I fallen for that one?
How many times have you fallen for that one?
Too many. I'm starting to wear a pillow on my ass.
Helps on the landings.
Well, we have a great deal of material to go over today.
Some of the old tried and truisms need to be tried out once more.
Hashed out and beaten against the rocks and left out to dry.
Are you leaving too, Susie?
No, no, I'm not fleeing. I'm redistributing my wealth.
All right, well, let's have an even distribution of that.
I brought enough for the whole class.
Bounteous booty and begin our introductory religious lesson of instruction.
Welcome to the third 13X Day live hour of slack.
Which will sound really different the next time you hear it.
Well, yes, it will be specially augmented, but what about the background?
Do we have that today? Background?
Oh, background music?
Yeah, the background music track. There it is.
All right, now you see it.
It's a wonderful party.
It's wacky.
Yeah, we're all having a great time.
It's the unending cocktail hour here at X Day 2010,
the 13th X Day of beautiful summer weather here at the Brushwood Campground
where things are getting out of control.
Whoa, it's wacky, wild, goofy, wiggly.
I've never been in control in Brushwood.
That's what's so wonderful about it.
Let us not disabuse the unenlightened of their long-cherished, if pathetic, beliefs.
Mmm.
Of course, control, unillusioned, superimposed over the hideous, indifferent face of the universe.
But we live by such illusions.
At least I know I do.
Mmm.
That's how you pull the wool over your own eyes.
Yes, with the realization that although you can never truly know unless all the factors are considered,
you also can never know all the factors.
So you just have to guess at it.
Mmm.
Make a good guess.
And right then, and I tell you...
That's them again.
I wish there was someone to help me get out of this.
Yeah.
And I said, choo.
He goes, uh, I'm still eating it.
Uh, huh.
Give us a little bit of, give us, give us some, some, a little bit more about this.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Bob's Slack.
Um, uh, um, sounds simple.
Bob, you there?
He can, he can barely walk.
In other words, the show has been canceled.
Yeah, and we have a...
Have you no sympathy for the blind audience?
Well, it's traditional that we have no sympathy for the blind audience.
Well, I'm not sure.
I don't know if that's true.
They don't expect us to.
That's what I'm doing.
That's why they're listening.
I can barely stand to listen to your show.
You have so little sympathy.
Sorry.
Yeah, I mean...
It takes me, it takes me like three days to edit one of those two hour shows.
I can't listen to it when I'm listening to it.
Just for that one minute that's good.
I have to turn, I have to take the headphones off while I'm doing it.
Your shows are really hard to masturbate to, Stang.
It's really rude.
So you...
Oh, you mean, Stang's show is hard to masturbate to.
I'm glad you made that clear.
Well, we're hoping to change that with the...
I always choke the chicken to Dr. Hall and Philo, though.
Yeah.
They always make me get my nut and pull my toes.
We have had testimonials that people do get off listening to our show.
Well, I told you about masturbating Sean.
Long known.
We got masturbated himself to death listening to our show.
The thing is, I don't intend to...
My show has more masturbators than yours does.
I can't help it.
I don't know.
I don't know how many...
We have higher quality masturbators, though.
Well, I'll bring you that.
Yours are still alive.
The highest quality.
The most lovely.
We've tested our masturbators.


Our masturbators, through opinion research firms, have found that...
Firms.
Their knowledge is in-depth.
They know exactly what they like, what they want.
Now, do you know which person they masturbate to the most?
I know.
I'm sure each of you guys knows exactly which is the most popular.
Yes?
They only masturbate to me in prison.
Nothing?
It's a moot point.
No point in arguing with such geniuses.
We're just talking in a historical fashion.
I will not eat.
Hallelujah.
Here's the secret.
I no longer live.
Metamorphosis.
All right.
Come on.
So, you know, I...
Messing around with the girls.
Getting our girls pregnant.
Yeah, I'm not.
















No more sex.

I'm not.

Uh...
Amen?
Amen.
And thanks, Reverend Heart Ignition.
Friends, aside from the Lemur Cuts at the beginning, all of the collages in this 1270th hour of Slack
Art by Heart Ignition.
So glad to have him back in the saddle.
Now, you know, friends, I like to edit these shows down so that nothing lasts longer than
three or four minutes tops, well, except for the live blabber shows where we're in the
studio because we need to whip one out fast and get caught up.
Well, this one is sort of like that.
At 13X Day, we did a couple of hours a day of rambling live shows on stage, as well as
hours and hours of preaching and live music, but I'm finding myself hard-pressed to edit
it, and one reason is that some of it is insipid drivel, and it's hard work making that sound
like a silk purse.
But I came upon one stretch of recordings that I feel should, despite its sow's ear
nature, be left more or less uncut.
One morning at 13X Day, July 3rd, Dr. Howell, Reverend Susie the Floozy, Dr. Philodrummon
and I started doing a show in front of many patient individuals, and, well, most of it
was good.
It was insipid drivel, too.
Maybe we needed more coffee.
In fact, you'll hear us get more coffee.
But after a little while, lonesome cowboy Dave showed up, and that's where it turned
into an old-timer, subgenius, fundamentalist, back-to-the-pamphlet, classic-inspired insipid
drivel.
Because suddenly here you had almost all the key subgenius radio show blabbermouths of
our 30-year history all in one place at one picnic table.
Well, puzzling evidence and Phineas Narco were missing, and lies and your brogue friend
are big sissies.
But here at one picnic table on a little rascals-looking stage, you had Reverend Susie the Floozy,
veteran of hundreds of Bob's Slacktime Funhouse shows on WREK in Atlanta, who incidentally
did not wear her shirt for some of this presentation.
You had me and lonesome cowboy Dave from Hour of Slack in WCSB Cleveland, and you had Dr.
Howell from the Puzzling Evidence Show.
And the Ask Dr. Howell shows in Berkeley and San Francisco, with his co-star and actual
first and only overman and co-sub-founder of the Church of the Subgenius, lead singer
of the Swingin' Love Corpses, webmaster of QuiveringBrain.com, director of the Subgenius
Film Festivals, and close personal friend of J.R. Bob Dobbs himself, Dr. Philo Drummond.
All those people in one place.
Now we'll also hear some music and sermons by Reverend Dr. Howell.
I'm Dr. Howell, and I'm the host of the Uncut and Unfettered Skinner-Breaking Master Recording
Itself from 13X Day.
I was gonna point out a theory that I have, or really it's just an observation, and friends,
this is not a value judgment, about monster fans versus comics fans.
Sometimes it's the same thing, but I'm more of a monster fan.
Now I've noticed the primary image that goes on in the comics is the image of a monster.


The image that goes with monster movies and books is a great big ugly guy carrying a pretty
girl wearing very little clothing.
Carry on monster.
Whereas the primary image for comic book fans is two men in tights grappling with each other.
Hitting each other.
Like I say, I'm not making a value judgment, but I'm a monster fan.
Did anybody watch Octoman the other night?
Sure enough.
He picks up the girl.
And starts plodding along with her for a long, long time.
You know, you gotta have that.
The carry.
It was so dark.
The Creature from the Black Lagoon.
It was a very dark movie.
Not even the same species.
But when he sees Julie Adams, he has to pick her up and just carry her along.
Who wouldn't?
Yeah.
Well, I would, but.
Well, I think your observation about men grappling.
Didn't you say you met Julie Adams?
Yes.
Is that turning you on, Dr. Drummond?
Well, I have to, I have to, it just seems so odd that you would make that up.
No, but.

Men grappling versus monsters, fondly.
I never noticed it before.
Reverend Stang?
Do you know how I was talked into meeting you for the first time, Dr. Drummond?
This is historic.
My sister-in-law said.
You mean you had to be talked into it?
These people that I knew in Austin have moved to Dallas, Stang, and you should go see these
folks because you'd really hit it off with this guy.
And I said, I hate everybody.
buddy I don't want friends and she said well this guy's different now she goes he's into comic books
and Captain Beefheart now to see if that describes every subgenius but at the time I didn't know
anybody else I knew lots of people who like comic books and lots of people who like Captain Beefheart
it was the crossover that made that it was the that foreign index key that made it easily
retrievable by that one odd character in the crowd that there's a whole bunch of here
I went over to your house in in Dallas and and and then he showed me what was even better than
the comic books his collection of kook pamphlets and that was when I
knew I was going to be in the comic book world and I knew I was going to be in the comic book

that Philo and I were true Yeti mates.
Because, you know, Captain Beefheart
and comic books and a big collection
of Jack Chick comics.
Now you're talking.
Chick tracks attract chicks.
So it wasn't long before
we were cranking out Coop pamphlets
and horrible music.
And bad comics.
Which is the church.
We learned from the great.
The great.
Philo introduced me to Bob.
I did not know anything about it.
But he had been recruited
before anybody else.
Isn't that incredible, ladies and gentlemen?
Can't avoid that guy.
Captain Beefheart helped bring us together.
Now I heard that Bob kidnapped Philo
when he was a young boy
from a W.T. Grant's restroom.
And like kept him in Tucson
and raped him for 20 years.
It's amazing the stories you hear
about people's childhoods.
I heard it was a Woolworth's restroom.
I heard that it was a wolf.
He was a wolf cub in those days.
Hey look, there's...
Oh my God!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
So here he is.
Oh look, he's not so lonesome after all.
We thought we were gonna have to get ragtime cowboy chubs.
Hey, I can tell he's been wrestling.
He's got that bandaid across his forehead
where he bladed himself
so he'd bleed, you know, for the show.
You're gonna peel that bandaid off?
You're gonna peel that bandaid off?
You're gonna peel that bandaid off later
and bleed for everybody, right?
Boy, there's a bunch of old people up here now.
That's right.
Hey, now I got this little half erect mic again.
How'd this happen?
It's only half erect, yeah.
What's BFC stand for?
What's that banging against the table?
Susie will show you how to work that thing.
I can't believe it says
I never made that connection before.
There are no connections here now.
BFC.
Yeah.
Dave, can I get your cup of coffee?
Surely.
Okay.
We got it.
And the lard to put in it.
Oh.
Ah.
Oh.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
I'm not used to that.
Did everyone have their beans and lard this morning?
It's so big.

Did you?
So we've been waiting for you.
You had your beans and lard this morning?
I love you so much.
Did you have your beans and lard this morning?
Why?
Mrs. Mammy Whistle, you.
Thank you.
I'm sitting there with the unguentine hair.
Did you have too much this morning?
Too much.
You're a nice old fella.
Thanks, Pappy.
All right.
Creaming your coffee.
So just the new guys get coffee?
There's some new rope clusters if you need those.
What about those of us that have been here before?
Do we get coffee?
Do we get any coffee?
You can surely get it.
Yeah, you can go over there and get that.
Where is it?
I'll get you coffee.
Bim bam.
Bim bam.
Actually.
From the coffee service.
It's right back there.
I think I'm going to squat down here.
That's in keeping.
Let's have the woman serve the coffee.
Nothing to do with Joe DiMaggio.
No, I don't need any cream in my coffee this time.
Don't want no sugar in your pudding.
Hey, guess what?
There's no coffee.
It was all a sham, a mockery.
This is filled with dark colored mucus, man.
Just drink it.
Drink up.
You look like a professional wrestler, Dave.
You look like a professional wrestler.
You've got cups.
You can pretend like you're drinking coffee.
You've got the bandaid on your forehead, you know.
Like you're getting ready to take it off during the match, you know, when somebody gives you a chair shot.
Well, we're going to have coffee and we're going to have a lot of things.
I don't think we need to quarrel over coffee.
And we certainly don't need to talk about the trevination scar here.
We're going to have coffee.

Which was a poor attempt, I tried my best.
No, thanks, I won't use the cream.
You know, lonesome cowboy Dave, I appreciate your scar.
No, no, it's perfectly fine.
But I have to say it must pale besides the great scar of Legume, which has been on display for the past couple of days.
But it's a fine, righteous scar.
Where is Legume, is he here?
He's back there, that scarred master.
I saw him earlier, there he is, yeah, man.
Has he shown his scar yet?
He has shown it.
He's been showing that scar.
I'll show it to you, by appointment only.
His butt crack goes all the way up the back of his scar.


spine up over his head, down the nose, across the lips, and down the front again, and he's
got a camel toe.
That was one hell of a surgery.
You've got a zipper.
You need a camel toe.
He's got two camel toes now.
I think they just chainsawed him down, froze him first, and kind of...
I see him back there looking up here.
Look, he's nodding his head.
He's not happy.
He died five times, and they didn't bring him back.
He doesn't like this particular conjecture.
This angle, this tangent.
Not while he's drooling like that.
Cowards die many times before their heads.
Although I saw his eyebrows go up that time.
The valiant never tasted death but once.
Dr. Leguim had his operation.
He was cut in half vertically.
Yeah.
He was cut.
He was bifurcated.
That was the only way to get that deep down inside.
Yeah.
That reminds me of that old Justin Wilson joke.
Remember?
He said they had a car wreck.
Yeah.
He asked his wife after the wreck, he said,
Honey, is you hurt?
She said, Oh, I'm cut from all the way up here to all the way back here.
And he said, I know, but is you hurt?
Anyway, you had Justin Wilson.
You had to pee there.
Yeah, you had to pee there.
He was no Bill Hicks.
You had to have been him.
You're supposed to finish it with I guarantee.
I guarantee.
That's apparently where everybody knew they were supposed to finish.
I'm going to sell you a pair of pants as well.
They hadn't laughed up to that point.
That's when they would laugh.
That's pink humor.
Nothing funny.
But as soon as the catchphrase comes up, they know they're supposed to robotically laugh.
You know, that was during that time of double entendre.
You couldn't really say that stuff.
Oh, I remember those days.
You know, you had to layer it on real heavy.
The days of sociopaths and double dildos, man.
Yeah, you get like Jeb and Cousin Easy doing the golf game where it's like, okay, you grab your putter.
Yeah, that guy that painted the pictures, but they were totally.
But it was for women that were painting in the nude.
Or men.
Painting men and women in the nude.
I painted in the nude a lot.
All those rocks I did.
Oh, yeah, I got one of those rocks.
Yeah, I painted those rocks naked.
I got a rock with a pipe on it.
And used to leave the studio doors wide open so everyone could see.
Well, you painted those rocks?
I thought those were the angel turds.
Well, I shat them out first, and then I painted them.
Oh, God.
Don't worry.
The angels shat them out already.
It's stagecraft.
The artwork was stagecraft.
I'm sorry to disabuse you.
I wanted to abuse you.
It was an angle, not an angel.
It was misplaced.
I'm going to find out what's supposed to be going on right now.
Well, we already had Biceys read the schedule.
You'll have to catch up.
Pay more attention.
These peanuts.
You missed the naked stuff.
I got here late.
I didn't mean to get here late.
There was a lot of naked stuff.
There was.
It was great naked stuff.
Could it be replayed in front of us right now?
No, it could not, because we do not photograph it.
That's part of the law there.
The girls won't take their clothes off if they know their grandmas
are going to be able to see it on the Internet tomorrow.
We have to take mental pictures.
Back before grandma was on the Internet,
oh, they'd show off their titties to every boy with the camera.
But then granny got on America Online
and immediately looked up subgenius.com.
I'm going to see what my little granddawn television does.
See?
The show's gotten better.
The TV has been up to.
Oh, grandma's not a natural blonde.
See, that's all it takes to improve the show.
Oh, my God, there's my granddaughter televangel
wrestling naked on a giant American flag.
With Janer.
With all you boys.
You're with Janer.
Sex on the American flag.
Sex through the window pane.
Janer was given his chance.
I know what, y'all.
Oh, what was this about not snapping pictures?
Well, you know.
Yesterday, yesterday we lied and told the radio audience
we were all naked, but this time we're not lying.
Is there a neo-Nazi rally for peace tonight in Brotherhood?
A rally?
A neo-Nazi rally for peace in Brotherhood?
A political demonstration here at Brushwood?
I think we're beyond petty human politics.
That's correct.
No one here is a Whig or anything like that, eh?
That's correct.
We've left it all behind.
We've flipped the Whigs.
We've flipped the Whigs.
We've left the Federalist tissue paper in the toilet where it belongs.
It's time to join the ex-humanite party.
The ex-humanites shall rise from the ashes.
And believe me, you're all a bunch of asses from what I can see right now,
if we're even thinking of it.
Yeah, well, I'm like a phoenix rising from the asses.
It ends a physical body.
It has raised a spiritual body.
And there is no such thing.
And staying reached for his face.
Ensure and certain.
Ensure and certain.
And hope of resurrection.
The day after tomorrow.
I wanted for us more nuts.
The love.
It's one more.
Would you think of it, Dr. Howell, it's always propounded as to be the day after tomorrow.
When will the world end?
When will this new thing come about?
When will we all be lifted up into some sort of potty chair?
Some giant fuzzy potty chair made out of strange musicians?
We have a date and a time.
A date and a time.
Here comes the candy.
A specific date and time?
Candy!
Look at all the lovely, sugary candies.
There's peanuts on the microphone.
There's butterscotch.
And there's chewy nougat.
There's blisters on the bare butt.
What's the point of this?
Oh, well, it's x-ray.
There's a weird cackling sound coming from the bushes.
I more like the gets best by putting them between my boobs first.
What the hell is this?
Even on Halloween I never saw
It's got a creamy center
Which is disgusting
It does, I generally steer clear of those
You can poke your tongue right through it
But I just gotta try it
Go on and give it your best try
I always have to tongue pork these
I think
I think
Therefore I stink
You're drinking coffee
You could have candy and coffee
Like they have in Amsterdam
Here's Smarties, these will make you smarter
Brain candy
Those are rabbit pellets
Then you line it
Put the lemon head in there
It's sort of like a tootsie roll
I'm gonna save this bit of honey
For later
Look Mary Jane
That's another thing I hated
When you radio DJs get on and start talking
About how yummy the food is
That you're eating
And the poor radio listeners, all they have to eat
Is that sound coming out
I thought it was
I thought it was

What's the part of our show that you like, Reverend?
Yeah, tell us something good
Tell us something that you like about it
Why all this bitching about other radio shows?
The silent parts, right?
I'm the main one, I have to talk that way
There's gotta be something
I mean, if you were recommending our show to somebody
What would you say?
We were taking a breath, right?
I would say that listening to the Puzzling Evidence show
Is like walking through a dream
A world in which you were at the party
Of the most clever, smart, and smart people in the world
And you're the spontaneous surrealist
To compete, it's like
You could ever imagine
It's like all of them talking at once
With the sound effects turned up way too loud
It's like attacking an evil monster
With a tiny little sausage
It just can't be done
But you valiantly try
You hold that sausage aloft
And then layer on some unlistenable pop music
Japanese pop
I'm sorry
Thank you
You certainly are
I just don't get into it
What do you think?
There's a phone call coming in?
Is Washington calling?
Has Washington called yet?
Background pictures
When are we gonna have to start getting entertaining?
Have we warmed up enough yet?
It's been the last three hours, hasn't it?
Well, we got the background picture
And we got the background music
The band wants their microphones back
I'll put my shirt back on and we can begin
The band wants their microphones back
Which band?
Who wants to fumigate them this time?
Has anyone in the listless audience
Spouted one of these unusual tumors lately?
I mean, just out of the clear blue
It just pops out real hard
And it like points at different radio frequencies
Does anybody know?
I got one
I had that once
It's more like a three more
I had that once
I can cut it out with a big knife
I can help you out with that if you need some help
Can't you just bite the head off it and split the core out?
We do a biopsy
You look like you've got the shangs for it
Could you give it a try?
We do it just like that, you know?
We don't like a biopsy but we
How can you tell that's bi?
We forego all the scientific part of it
How did you stumble over that?
I had no idea
We'll be right back
Boggles
Well, thank you
Boggles my mind
Dave, I noticed that you're wearing a bandage over your third nostril
I told you that and I told the listless audience that that was a kind of a poor attempt
He's got a scar
He was lancing a boil
To treponate my third eye
Oh, I thought that had already been done
How valiant
You're a do-it-yourself third eye treponation?
Well, after the miscalculations on the first 14 tries, I suppose something had to be done
I mean, people say I fidget with it too much
But how can you fidget with it too much?
It's not a fun thing to fidget with
Fidget is like a tool tool
Fidget?
It's hard to reach her
Yeah, that's what it is
It's a horn stub
Yes, it's a horn
An antler root
It is growing and growing daily
And by the time 5 a.m. in the morning on the 5th, it's 4 a.m. and some a.m. in the morning
This antler will bloom like a giant rose bush
I think it would be cool to have an antler sprouting from your head
I wanted a giant penis to sprout from your head
Because I knew it would be a symbol of masculine power
People don't ever
It could make you very popular too
It could pop you right up there
Yeah, you'd be like on the top level of popularity with a huge penis sprouting from your forehead
If it was a small one, you'd have to join the many minions of underachievers
If it was a small one, you'd just be apologizing for it all the time
Oh, I thought you were just going to say you would be a politician
Well, you're just a politician, right?

You don't need that to be a politician
They've proven that you don't really need anything
Actually, these special glasses Bob sells, you can see the penises sprouting out of the politician's head
It's like they live, but not too badly
I've actually been to the halls of Congress
And they have a water fountain there that says power on it
And you just sip on it, and it just makes you really powerful
That's the one of the cherry whites only
And it makes you know everything
It's a lot better, more bitter than everybody
Is that the one of the cherubim urinating on everyone's head?
They will at your request after you sip off of this water fountain
Did you drink some?
No, I'm not allowed, I'm not an elected official, so I don't get a chance to
I'm just one of the pleads
He's an erected unofficial
That was behind Rocknar's campaign
He hoped, if elected, to taste that Perian spring
I told him he wouldn't be able to resist it
Well, he wouldn't be able to resist the money anyway
You have to go back, it's like the most addictive
Liquid crack?
Liquid, it's more than liquid crack
A real Ponce de Leon, huh?
It's like liquid crack heroin
It is a fountain of juice
That tastes good and smells good too
Well, you're making me thirsty as you described the process
One sip and you become twice as thirsty as you were when you first drank it
Political waters, so deep, so murky
The water of Bob
The water of Bob
But it's worth it because you're so much smarter after that
The yellow water of Bob
And you know so much more than everyone and so much better than everyone
Say for instance you had to perform an instant
And you know then that it's true, you are better than everyone
And this trickles down onto your feet
It only trickles down into the one individual who's actually sipping of the special sauce
Bob's pee, I mean water, can trickle up
It's more like blood dripping from an abused rectum
It's a special water fountain, you can only get it in these few areas, you know?
You have to go, there's a bunch of old guys standing in line waiting to drink on it again
Yes, step right up, senor
This is the water of youth, the fountain you have dreamed of for so long
There's vendors that service the line while you're in it
Only one cup per passenger
You know there's guys selling hot dogs and drinks and stuff while you're waiting in line to sip on that
Yeah, but those aren't real, those aren't real people or not people
Well, they're vendors, you have to get a
They're vendors
Yeah
They're cyclocyborgic vendors, you know?

They're vendors
They look like people and have all the irritating
Cyclocyborgic?
And have all the irritating qualities of a normal vendor
Cyborgician
Too much onions, not enough
Unlicensed vendors
Get away from me, screw off
I'm gonna die, die, die
That's the way it was back in the year 1395 when Grandpappy fell out of this hole right
here
And when he did, he brought back many secrets, one of which is
I don't know what it's called
My baby
Dad?
That's easy for you to say
But in today's modern world it's all tied up with a bureaucratic tangle of regulatory
structure, making it impossible to put up a taco stand without trespassing on somebody's
copyright or legal liability
Code 601 and 1 half No hot dogs beyond the wiener wagon friends around the pale
What is going to cut through all the red tape?
What Alexandrian sword?
The bad guys?
the Gordian tangle caused by busybodies,
goo-goos, and nosy parkers.
Well, I think that the key word in your statement of solution
would be sword. It takes a sword
to cut through that knot. That was Alexander's
solution. An oblique sword. Hey, Reverend Suds, how's the coverage
on the CD recordings?
That was...
Okay, so in a few minutes we'll need to shut up
long enough to flip the CD. I love that
new, quick-moving technology.
Humans 16. That was the score last night,
but if you take a look again at what happened, there have been a lot of discrepancies in the
film and the footage. Number one here, the first thing, it was a bad call
as J.R. Bob Fosse
emerged from the bushes and ripped one of the very,
very hapless, unlikely first-time submitters to the cause.
Tore his head neatly off his shoulders and then ate the neck
juice. But you said that was
J.Nor Bob Dobbs, not J.R. Bob Dobbs. J.Nor B.Wall.
J.Nor Bob Dobbs. May.
He's going a little bit far with that one. That one is implied by the Church of the Sub-Jainer,
if you'll think about it for a moment. Because according to the doctrine of the Church
of the Sub-Jainer, everyone is a member, and that would include
Bob Dobbs. He would be Sergeant J.Nor Dobbs. Even members of
the Church of Don? Yes. The only one who can't be a member of the
Church of the Sub-Jainer is, of course, J.Nor. According to
the rules created by Nen-slo, Ascended Nen-master,
or as some call him, Sergeant J.Nor Nen-slo.
Assassinated Nen-master Nen-slo.
All members of the Church of the Sub-Jainer are allowed to address each
other as Sarge, Sarge, and take the name Sergeant
J.Nor followed by your actual name. Can they say ma'am?
Captain? Sarge J.Nor.
Sergeant J.Nor. Sometimes a thousand
twangling instruments about the water. He's the most non-joiner
of non-joiners. Hey, but if we're talking about Jainer, that means I can't use it on my show.
We're talking about Nen-slo. That has hurt me. How come there's been so much talk about
Jainer this time, which is all unusable? I'm talking about Nen-slo.
Well, we can dig it. Because it makes us feel free to say the
unusable. To say the unspeakable. What we're not usually
allowed to talk about or even mention. We're talking about Shaft.
But it's X-Day. The uneditable. And you can always, should we
survive X-Day in some way, you could always put
pork slap. Who has an instrumental version of Shaft?
I should have one taped to my leg. We could also use the oblique channel
and we could just refer to it as M-HER-IT-ISH, non-joiner.
You could bleep it out. Weep?
Weep it out. Weep. Weep and bleep.
That's the cry of the unused radio man. Bleep that you may not
weep.
Can you see with those eyes crossed that way? Bleep the hell out of it.
What the bleep do we know? God, was that the most
horrible movie. The movie irritated me. I just wanted to stab the screen
with a big knife. Four minutes
until we have to shut up long enough for Potter and Ostril to
change the high speed duplicator. Yes, four minutes.
And then it's two minutes of, that's when everybody
gets really, really funny. As soon as I know the recorder's off.
As sure as nothing is happening. Yes, we haven't been saying much.
The little laugh-o-meter has been down to below zero
for quite a while now. I think we ought to just get very, very quiet and pretend.
D. Lister. I don't know about
the rest of you, but I have been out there in the world of the pinks and the normals
preaching the word of Bob. Praise Bob!
And the most frequent question that I am asked
is how can I get slack?
If you have to ask, then you cannot get slack.
Because slack is not something that you can
strive to attain. Am I right?
Slack is something that comes to you when you least expect it.
And if you are asking for it, then
you will never get it. It's kind of like sex in that way, isn't it?
Yes!
Well, those of you who have not experienced sex yet, I guess can't really answer that question.
Sorry. But anyways,
the slack that
I have been experiencing here has been the best slack that I have
had. But yet, I'm sure there's better slack out there.
Am I right?
Yes!
Because there's always better slack than what you have had.
Because there's no limit to the
quality of the slack that you can experience.
No limits! No limits! Because if there was a cap
on the slack quality, then once you
achieve the limit of slack,
then what else would there be to live for?
There would be nothing! Exactly, brother!
Until the fucking exes get here, which we hope
they will do in less than 36 hours, then we must
strive to not care about our slack,
and that's how we will get our slack.
But also, the people that are out there,
that are here, that are just wandering around,
milling around, just doing whatever the fuck they want, that is
slackful! I will admit that is slackful. However,
there should also be some helping out with everything.
Right? Volunteering. Is volunteering a good thing, Pisces?
It certainly is. Is that good slack from volunteering? There is a
definite slack reward for volunteering, yes.
If you give away that slack, you'll get it back!
Thank you! If you didn't hear that, if you give the slack,
you get it back! You can help out
in many ways. Pick up trash that you see.
That will give you slack.
Help at the bridge desk, or the slack shack.
Swag shack, whatever. That gives you slack.
But,
as Reverend Sex Mortis said,
the most important thing is to not
FUCK WITH ANYONE ELSE'S SLACK!
Because fucking with someone else's slack
is the anti-slack!
And nobody wants the anti-slack.
So, here's Jenny Lester!
Thank you, Robot!
Ladies and gentlemen, for the past 10 years,
we've heard nothing about, on TV, except about, we're Americans.
Right? And we're the biggest, we're the toughest nation
in the world! Fuckin' A, man! We're a bunch of pussies!
You go to some place, and you get lousy
service, and you say, I'll show them. I'll fill up this little
4x8 car that goes to somebody in the corporate office.
We need to take a fucking clue from some other country. You know, I was reading
the paper about five years ago. In Argentina,
a bunch of passengers were stranded at the airport. You know how they
have to do it to you? You know how they do it to you?
You leave at the airport, no plane. They burn down the fucking
airport!
That's how they do it! Fuck that 5x8 car!
You burn down the fucking restaurant! You don't like that steak?
Fuckin' Americans. How many Americans does it take to change a
light bulb? Sixteen!
That's right. You need two of them to complain because the light bulb
burned out. You need two of them to blame the government.
You need three of them to
hire illegal aliens to change a
light bulb because they're too fucking fat and lazy to do it themselves.
You need another two to go on Fox News and blame Obama.
How many is that? I lost count. Well, you need the rest of them. The rest of them
got to complain because the illegal aliens done took the job, even though they would never
stoop as low to change a light bulb.
They need the rest of them. They said they have
to change a light bulb unless they get like a secret no big contract
and a tax break, but they will change a light bulb without that.
We're fucking pussies!
I'm sick of it. You know what? The conspiracy
has been bullshitting us since I was a little kid. Because when I was a kid
in first grade, you used to show all these movies, what the future is going to be like.
Hey, the future is going to be perfect! We're going to have flying cars.
We're going to have, uh, flying cars! We're going to have flying cars! We're going to have flying cars!
We're going to have flying cars, we're going to have talking dogs that go,
what, old wretch?
We're going to have houses on the moon.
Well, I'll tell you what, I'm looking around, I ain't got no fucking flying car yet!
I want my fucking flying car!
Fuck the conspiracy!
I want my fucking flying car!
I want it now!
Last night I heard a prominent subgenius angry because he hadn't received his flying car.
His flying car?
His flying car, yes.
Yeah, it was Reverend Skull.
Reverend Skull was complaining about not getting his flying car.
I must say, that was an unusual rant for you.
That was not your normal sermon.
There were a lot more vocabulary words in it.
I can see your...
More than one.
In English.
I kind of feel the same way about the whole flying car thing, though.
I wish I had one.
I was really impressed by the ranting last night.
But I did hear that they're kind of like clearing the way through the FCC on that issue.
Not the FCC, the FAA.
FAA.
They did build flying cars, but they had to stop manufacturing them because no one can use them
because the moment your flying car takes off, it becomes an aircraft and you have to file a flight plan
and you're in another level of...
But now we have the internet.
Yeah.
So...
FAA.
So you instantly file a templatized flight plan on the internet and that takes care of the government paperwork.
And also there are plenty of sebaceous cysts and lots of crowns in the hallway.
So you need to get the invisibility thing worked out and then it all becomes a moot point.
The flying cars they came up with were good, too.
Hugh Hefner bought one.
They have a cruising range of 300 miles.
They fly.
They do everything you think, except they're totally illegal to use.
But that's what I was saying.
The FAA has just...
Just recently...
Belly dancers.
...come up with some standards...
Jeez, falling from the sky like it was some kind of...
...to help ease the...
I don't know what's happening.
We're going to have to wrap it up for two minutes here.
Okay, we have to wrap it up while the radio runabout turns over.
And so we leave you with the beautiful sounds of recorded music.
We'll be back in two shakes of a fish's tail, ere the Leviathan can swim a league.
We'll be right back.
We'll be right back.
I knew that smiling grin, and there he was.
Bob's come back home to us again, I said.
Bob's come back home to us again.
But something sinister was afoot.
There was this coldness in my soul taking root.
And I wasn't 100% sure of what was to happen or be.
But that wasn't Bob.
And he was coming right for me!
And I didn't quite understand what was going on.
There were descriptions of even animals that who suddenly panned out the entire shelf,...
of the meteor capita.
She was finding aНuks, their main happiness, Anks, she said.



There was no shocking reason that she didn't meet her G südkennels Person.
In this命eprotein phenomenon.

I'll tell you one of my favorite stories.
I don't put jeans on.
Come on, look at me.
Get radical.
If you want to do that, that's fine, but I don't.
We're going to stop you, Bob.
All right.
Woo.
Okay.
Bob, come on.
Kill Bob.
Bob.
You're looking at me like you didn't get it.
No, we get that a lot, friends, and we got that cut from Heart Ignition.
Before that was Priestess Pisces and Six-Fisted Tales of Connie at 13X Day, Thursday night,
making it all up as they went along, as is this music in the background.
Six-Fisted Tales that night included Reverend Angry Larry, Reverend Suds Peshaw, Reverend Phil,
Senator Speck, Dr. Philo Drummond, and Reverend...
Bunny Day.
Stang just drained a gallon out of that thing.
You see that?
That's because he's going to turn that useless water into powerful coffee.
But damn.
Powerful coffee will be produced out of that water.
Stuff just floating in the water.
Yeah.
Animalcules.
Animalcules?
Foraminifera.
Foraminifera.
Gyroscopa.
Tiny diatoms.
Spider squids.
Ding futzers.
And whirligigs.
Gyna-cola.
Nyah-nyah-nyah.
Only microns in diameter.
Frost-bitten fleas.
Hard-bitten fleas.
Arguments with hard-bitten floozies.
This is X-Day Radio.
That's right.
The legend burned across the land, blazing like a burning brand or whatever, for X-Day.
Dr. Howell, how long has the legend gone on?
Well, as long as there were brave, hardy sons of the soil hacking and chopping their way
westward through the great American landscape.
Chopping Indians and eating fires.
This was a wonderful time in our country.
And they just, they've landed here again for your listless pleasures.
Yes, they built general stores and sutleries, laid railroads down across the prairies.
Conestoga.
Toga.
Tiny Oaks.
And hacked open waterfalls, and built the great American slag heaps.
Dug up the gold.
Argued with the acoustics of the soundboard.
Ran the phone easiest.
And took out the Copal and Tungsten.
I don't believe it, he's gonna drain more.
Recreated humanity in a little tiny drop of water.
Water.
Imagine.
Or don't.
Just where universes are in that drop of water.
The source of all life.
of strange little one-celled organisms and everybody knows what is flagellates and rotifers.
You can do smelly.
So those rotifers were washed out of the coffee urn.
In any case, it's going to get warm for them in a few minutes.
And then they'll be ready to drink.
You see, sterilization, pasteurization, that does work.
You can scour the little buggers out of there.
Ask me, Lois Pasteur.
I was the one who invented this shit.
Really, I was.
And they sneered at Louis Pasteur.
They sneered and snickered.
If there are these little bugs, why can we not see them?
Why cannot we argue with them?
I think the little bugs are in your mind, monsieur, between your eyes.
Look!
One of them is wearing a punching bag and a blowhorn.
And a tiny derby hat with a little umbrella.
And he's waving it at us, can't you see?
Wave back, quickly, quickly.
Too late, he died.
His life cycle was too short.
The only way to prolong the life cycle would be to pump more rotifers back into the water.
Pack them in amber.
It's, look, this tiny vial of urine.
Of Dobbs's urine.
It's all the rotifers.
That's all the rotifers we need.
So, Herr Van Leeuwenhoek was startled to see, looking through his experimental microscope,
the tiny waving Dobbs inside each sperm.
Now we have to change to the Dutch accent.
Then he had to provide more sample and more and more sample.
He kept pumping that sample out.
Yeah, you've seen those little, those old engravings.
I can do this all day.
Especially when there's no connection.
No connection.
That's the most important part.
Just let it slide slickly around from hemisphere to hemisphere.
Slopping back and forth.
Yes, your brain is like a washing machine and the agitator inside disturbing its contents is Bob.
It's that pipe that's going around and around.
Making that chugging noise.
No one else can hear that.
That is you.
Yes, well, now I can hear it, but that's like an illustration of what it's like.
Makes it hard to sit on it during the spin cycle.
Oh, the spin cycle, you vibrate, you go to pieces all over.
I don't know.
I did it.
I evened the slate.
How I didn't bust myself all to hell is beyond me.
On Saturday mornings, I'd stand on our front porch, and as the kids came by, I'd beat up and cuss.
I pulled a grenade out and threw it.
Bodies.
More than a dozen horses had been killed.
God.
Dead horses.
Chunks of beef.
At least it wasn't me.
Incontinental drift.
Do you have that?
Incontinental drift, yeah.
It's a chronic problem.
That's why we have this event outdoors.
Some planets.
So much of it.
Incontinental drift.
So much of it.
Some of us have these leakage issues.
We got it.
Is anybody here?
Dispersal.
Dispersal.
Arguments with wigs.
These are all things we have to watch for.
We have to stay on the steadfast.
And on the standfast.
We have to stand fast against these things, and for them, too, if they're necessary.
It says, stand fast for what you believe in, and sit down on your own stool.
Now, the world is scheduled to end the day after tomorrow, right?
But.
Yes.
I've read some end of the world paranoid stuff about that oil zit, the Mother Earth zit, the oil volcano.
But what's the point?
It was so paranoid that to read this guy's rants, you'd think that it's going to be a close tie between the exes getting here in a day and a half,
or whether the waves of oil will be splashing over this far inland and submerge Brushwood.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
The concept of, well, we don't know how much oil is in there.
What if there's more oil down there than there is of water in the oceans?
It could be that the whole, you know.
It's the end of the world.
For all we know, the whole earth is filled with oil, and that's just where it's squirting out now.
Maybe we could work out a deal with blood for oil.
I heard that was a thing.
I'd rather see waves of blood.
Now, that would be cool.
Just a big bucket, a big barrel of oil.
That would be really cool.
We could work out a deal of buns for oil.
Or no, wait, I'm sorry.
It could possibly mean the end of the world in a very, very short period of time.
Somebody said they had stuffed up that leek.
That was Legume.
Legume said they got a wedding band over it or something, right?
Some pork and some Kraft cheese.
He did say they put a wedding band over it.
So they were married.
In a short time, moved to Binghamton Springs.
There they lived for approximately 23 seconds before the insecticide.
Actually, speaking of that particular problem,
it's not just like one hole that needs to be plugged up anyway.
The entire bottom there is porous and it's under mud.
It's under loose mud.
It's hard to tell what the bottom is.
It could be coming up in many different ways.
And messing it, shaking it.
Shaking it around may open it up more so that more oil rises up.
I lost track of things.
You're not talking about me, are you?
Don't forget, you know, where the plate tectonics, where the plates are separating,
there's actual magma coming out of the earth.
We've got to plug that stuff up too.
Because magma is not good for anybody.
You've got to clean your plates.
Everybody I know who's ever gotten magma on them has died from it.
I know.
Forget all those stupid Hollywood movies.
It's highly poisonous.
We're worried about that.

We're worried about oil.
Where they almost fall into the volcano.
There's magma coming out.
Oh, I almost got the lava that's right there on me.
He'd be cooked.
He'd be flash cooked before he could say that sentence.
From rock that's heated to glowing heat, it's right there.
It doesn't matter if you don't get any on you.
You can drink crude oil and live for a few hours.
But if you drink magma, you're going to die almost instantly.
The earth is just going to kill you anyway.
Somehow or another, you're going to die.
We live by sufferance on the thin skin around the dangerous, toxic, molten interior of the earth.
Yeah, we're worrying about all this microscopic stuff, you know.
One might worry about it in some degree.
What about that asteroid that's supposed to hit here and like...
That's loose pieces of the solar system that haven't been sorted out yet.
That's the day after tomorrow, after we leave.
See?
There's an asteroid that's going to be hitting the earth.
That's the sock from an asteroid.
We'll be gone and we'll be looking back thinking, ah, we made it.
Just...
Just in time.
Boy, how ironic that the world ended when that asteroid was going to take care of it all anyway.
I think the delay was for that reason.
So that we could have more gleeful satisfaction of knowing that everything we were leaving behind is being destroyed.
It's not as if there was only a fixed amount of glee to go around.
Right.
And you can engender so much more glee by imagining each and every catastrophe.
Start and give them like numbers and then put little letters like A.
How it expands.
Like, there's the Gulf oil spill.
There's the potential...
11 zeros at the end of it.
There's X-Day.
And there's so many of them.
Yeah, if you put enough numbers there, it becomes meaningless anyway.
Well, there are many possible instant deaths that we could all suffer.
For example, gamma ray bursts could occur.
Gamma ray is very bad.
Don't forget radon gas in your basement.
It's just leaking out.
You don't even know it.
You're sleeping down there.
Yes.
You're in a football game.
Leaky basements.
You think you're having a good time.
You're sniffing up radon gas.
Your own self-inflicted flatulence.
Nya-nya-nya-nya-nya.
Lunch meat.
Flatulence.
Bad barbecue.
Et cetera, et cetera.
Barbecue.
Rashes, particularly around the butt.
That's just wrong.
Thank you for your program.
Yucks.
Your own self-inflicted flatulence.
So many people are dying from their own self-inflicted flatulence.
I heard about a guy who fell asleep inside his sleeping bag in his farts.
Killed him.
He had suffered from...
The lighter was leaking as well.
All those garlic and jalapeno sandwiches.
It's not the flatulence itself.
It's that it displaces all the air.
He died of a fatal self-dutch ovening?
Yeah, a dutch ovening.
It sounds more like a burrito, doesn't it?
A double dutch oven.
Rolled up in the pig in the blanket.
That's another reason you should not smoke in bed.
You have a cigarette lit.
I can't help that.
Well, Philo, you're just handing me your rules, man.
I don't like all your rules.
I want to smoke in bed if I want to.
I want to smoke in bed, yeah.
That's all, smoke in bed.
So, do you smoke before sex?
Let's all get in bed right now and smoke.
Or during sex or after sex?
I don't know.
I never looked.
Ah.
Weep, weep.
Drink up and tip your waitress.
Our next show's at 2.
Actually, Susie, our next show is next week.
Of course, our last thousand shows are archived at subgenius.com
where you can learn everything about the Church of the Subgenius.
And our guru, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
That's subgenius.com.
Our award-winning books and old CDs and videos are all still in print.
Can you believe it?
You can also find links to lots of freebies of all kinds.
That's subgenius.com.
This has been the Hour of Slack.
Praise Bob.
