Svuhuhuhuhuhuhh
Svuhuhuhuhuhuhuhh
Svuhuhuhuhuhh
It sounds confusing.
And that can be helpful when trying to find out quickly who might be up to
The subgenius power of Svuhuhuhuhuhh
It really jumps out
Huuuhhuhuhuhuhh
Heel to Bob
Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob
Bob is a rock and Bob is a tree. Bob is a bear and Bob is a bee. Bob is truth and Bob is lies. Bob is cakes and fruits and pies. Bob's my hassle, Bob's my watch. Bob's my sandwich, Bob's my crotch.
Bob's my toothpick, Bob's my brain. Bob's an ugly yellow stain. Bob's a cactus, Bob's an itch. Bob is take off every stitch.
Bob's my master, Bob's my slave. Bob will rob me, Bob will save. Bob's my toaster, Bob's my fridge. Bob's my little sister Mitch.
Bob will cost you, Bob is free.
Bob's a lock and Bob's a key. In short, Bob Dobbs is the man who used your leg as a frying pan.
If your mind is a jar, you can pour down a sink. And the subgenius church is the missing link.
And thank you, Reverend Bleepo Abernathy.
And now, something from the Book of the Subgenius Release Party at the Danceteria in New York City from 1983.
Back when I, your prayer partner, Reverend Stang, had to borrow from Reverend Jimmy Swagger because I was just a beginning preacher.
And I wasn't sure yet how Reverend Stang was supposed to sound.
But you see, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter how sinful you are. It don't matter how much you've had to kiss ass on some ignorant lout who happens to make more money than you.
You can still find slack.
Now, unfortunately, unfortunately, that doesn't set well with many.
No siree.
Most of you, most of you, most of you believe that you already have slack.
That ain't what Jesus said.
Broad is the way that leadeth to destruction.
Narrow is the way that leadeth to life.
And few there be that find it.
Few, he said.
So, you must ask yourself.
Why do you think you're a subgenius?
How do you know you have slack?
As the prophet Hyperclete said, many hear the call, but few have correct change for the pay toilet.
Now, this is harsh.
This is harsh. It's blunt, but it's true.
Most of the churches in this country and Canada and around the world, they go by the name of subgenius or Christian or Hindu or Muslim.
Most of these.
Most of these churches do not teach a full gospel of slack and are by and large useless.
Most of the preachers, hundreds upon hundreds of thousands of preachers do not preach a full gospel of slack.
Most of them preach no slack at all.
But some do.
Some do.
Some do.
Thank God for the good churches.
And there are some, but they're precious few.
Most of the people.
Millions of people.
Millions upon millions of people all over the world do not know Bob, do not have slack, have never been re-killed in Bob's mighty fire.
And unless they get slack, they will die without Bob and be lost forever.
And here's another rant from Reverend Dr. Onan Kanabite written in October of the year the conspiracy calls 2018.
And it goes like this.
I am a subgenius.
I have invested no small amount of time and effort into being the subgenius I am.
I did it all for myself.
I'm not the subgenius I am for the approval of the conspiracy.
What I didn't predict, however, was how much the conspiracy didn't want or need me.
I'm the subgenius I am for the approval of the conspiracy and the need or approve or allow of the subgenius I have become.
It is the royal road to disappointment to expect a mean subgenius to be nice.
It is likewise so to expect a foolish subgenius to be wise instead of just funny.
An approach to reproach.
Attractive subgeni, such as myself, can never be expected to be hideous.
Not even typically.

even crawling out of my tent shortly before 7 a.m. on July 5th 1998 was I'd
less than immaculate expect Bob to make the sale and you rest easy but expect to
know how or when he'll make the sale and you'll get revenge on yourself for
things you haven't even done yet sound familiar the conspiracy is the
conspiracy it knows no other way to be or thing to do than just as you see it
here today what did you expect did you expect that you would be the subgenius
that you are and the conspiracy would say oh now that you've put it that way I
guess we should close up shop no sir and no ma'am the conspiracy is the grand
pecking order and you're here to get pecked not get your expectations slashed

the seven billion grinding gears of every subgenius on Mars and the one
harmonious well lubricated gear of the conspiracy all form a system all that
you see is a great impersonal machine that generates suffering which is the
food of the elder gods let the evidence puzzle itself out you cannot hope to
drop out
nor to elevate above this cosmic abattoir until such time as the angelic
intervention of the men from Planet X is manifest but this constant expectation
this gnawing gnostic knowing you can drop like yesterday's beef the conspiracy
is going to keep doing what it does will you if you give up on yourself who is the
who is the cave it's a laser-backed fire hose of tears followed with all
gravity by your dissipation and death the subgenius I have become however
we'll get some yucks and grins on the way down I can stop being surprised by
anything that stifling surprise that immobilizing innovation just let it go
the world is more strange and terrible than any of us can know it's also funnier
and kinder and most of all you're not the world you're not the elder gods you're
not the conspiracy and you're not J.R. Bob Dobbs you are yourself a free agent
able to send one dollar you are complete within yourself
efficient and whole you are a superior mutant this is your church
thank you Reverend Dr uncle onan cannabite for that fabulous rant and thank you cyber
chump for the music in the background from their moment of perfect happiness
wow that was great that was wonderful I hope it was self-explanatory
um and and we'll be hearing from him her or them again soon hey Dave I'm speaking of Dave
get this I was I was reading this um little weekly news magazine that that we get called The Week
and there is a review of Tom petty's latest album and of course he's been doozy and you're you're will be gods but I'm not minded and disheartened by the
dead for a while. It's his first post-humorous release. It's no greatest hits compilation.
It's lovingly compiled by his friends and doesn't have mega hits like Free Falling.
Instead, it has deep cuts, alternative takes, and 10 previously unreleased recordings. Get this,
one unreleased track, quote, Lonesome Dave, unquote, sounds like, quote, the purest slice
of classic rock and roll that Petty ever recorded.
Lonesome Dave. And I thought, well, you know, it's not the most creative, inventive name in the
world because cowboys used to call themselves Lonesome whatever it is, Lonesome Frankie,
Lonesome Guitar Slam, you know. And I think they knew a lot more people than they said they did,
especially if they worked in these burgers packs, which is just like a fart longer paradise.
It's horrible.
Well, Frank Zappa had his own pet Lonesome Cowboy, Bert.
Bert.
Bert.
Yeah. But that's no relation to you, right? Because there was Lonesome Cowboy Bill before,
wasn't there? And Lonesome Cowboy Fred?
There was a Lonesome Cowboy Dave song by the band Para Ubu. It had been 1980-something,
six years or seven years before.
Oh, I see.
And his name is also Dave, and they were jokingly calling him Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Para Ubu.
Para Ubu.
Yeah.
An Ohio band.
Kind of like DeVore and some of those other Ohio bands.
Well, anyway, his Tom Petty song about you, Lonesome Dave, is on an album called
An American Treasure. So I guess they must consider you an American treasure.
I think you'd have to be pretty opulent and a speedmaster and a sidekick and a half-cracked
person to begin with everything, anything like that. That's the most ridiculous thing.
I didn't really understand what he said, but I can freely and uncontestably and uncontestably
that what you said was not a falsehood.
Right. And now to prove that we're not old and keep the show jazzy and peppy and exciting,
let's listen to this.
The conspiracy has been trying to squelch.
It's been trying to squelch abnormality since time began, practically. It goes so far back
and it's so ingrained in our culture that it's gotten to where the conspiracy leaders
don't have to do anything because it's an endless cycle of normalcy. It's the exact
opposite of what would be natural.
I am now learning to apply creative and corrective procedures and to bring back to normalcy and
a state of perfection any abnormality or imperfection found within any given manifestation
of matter.
Any given plane, any given depth.
I can easily do anything that I want to do. I can. I can. I'm a winner.
Pursuant to section 28A, article 4B, paragraph 2 of the internal security regulations, I
now hand over to you rejected applicate number 578293B021.
I saw light on his face.
Hey, when am I going to get paid?
Yeah, life sucks.
Yeah, life sucks.
I've had it up to here.
I hate myself.
I hate myself.
I hate everyone else.
I'm not going anywhere.
Can you hear me?
What the heck is going on out here anyway?
I need to talk to Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.


Bob.


Bob.

Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.



Crap.
But like I said, he's a bad guy.

Yes, he's too strong.









That's I mean you could mess with the stage when she sounded the跳.
Yeah.
I think it still seems like it's appropriate now.
I don't think that it's going to do so.
To any.
It seems like a great position.
show set in around 1920s and 30s very much a period piece as it were it's
really well written kind of reminds me of Deadwood and Breaking Bad it's kind
of excruciating and the reason I mention it is and it would not have any anything
to do with Church of the subgenius except for the fact that several of us
really really like this show the name Peaky Blinders refers to a British
street street gang that really did exist although these stories are fictionalized
they were called the Peaky Blinders because they were they were very dapper
as violent gang members might go and they wore
peaked
canes
caps into which they sewed razor blades which they could then whip out and blind
people they were fighting with maybe just by slicing their forehead so their
blood ran into their eyes or if they were really mad they could blind somebody so
they've been glorified of course the family in this show are the good guys to
we the viewers because they're a little less bad than the other bad guys
that they're dealing with and yeah it's full of really quotable quotes and cool
lines but like this
how's your mother she says that when she's inside the noose she saw spirits
she's running sciences but people just come into the house to steal things told
me it's bad
not smart
not smart
you know it's remarkable
you know it's remarkable
This, but as she sees
Are real
Believe they're real
Believe it with her
And eventually
You can take the remembered noose
From around her neck
Like a horse
That's been choked off
I need you back, Polly
Paying whores for sex
Paying killers to kill
Yeah, nothing for nothing
Poor Thomas
You know, our mother went this way
Spirits and ghosts
Tablets, fucking, fucking seances
Scaring us kids halfway to fucking death
Yeah, well
I'm not going that way
Because in the smoke
I realised something
I'm just like you now
You and Arthur
I was dead in that noose
And then I was saved
And then I was saved
So everything from now on is extra
But what I didn't understand until today
Is when you're dead already
You're free
Um, yeah, Peaky Blinders
But the other reason
The reason that it's really
Well, this is my excuse for dragging it into the show
The theme song
Red Right Hand
By Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
Is
Well, if you listen to the lyrics
It might as well be about
B-B-B-Bob
Take a little walk to the edge of town
And go across the track
Where the viaduct looms
Like a bird of doom
As it shifts
And cracks
Where secrets lie
In the border fires
In the humming wires
Hey man, you know you're never coming back
Across the square
Across the bridge
Across the mills
Across the stacks
On a gathering storm
Comes a tall handsome man
And he's a man of his word




In a dusty black coat
With a red right hand
He'll wrap you in his arms
Tell you that you've been a good boy
He'll rekindle all the dreams
That took you a lifetime to destroy
He'll reach the sky
Deep into the hole
Heal your shrinking soul
But there won't be a single thing
That you can do
He's a god
He's a man
He's a ghost
He's a guru
They're whispering his name
Through this disappearing land
But hidden in his coat
Is a red right hand
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo

guitar solo
You don't owe no money
Will get you some
You don't have no car
Will get you one
You don't have no self respect
You feel like an insect
Well don't you worry buddy
Cause here he comes
Through the ghettos
And the bars
Through the ghettos
Wander Barry and the Sloan
His shadow is cast wherever he stands
Stacks of green paper in his red right hand
vas friend







Whoa now
He's the one
who eat to plants


no
нять
guitar solo
guitar solo
You'll see him in your nightmares
You'll see him in your dreams
He'll appear out of nowhere
He'll appear out of nowhere
But he ain't what he seems
You'll see him in your head
On the TV screen
Hey, buddy, I'm warning you to turn it off
He's a goat, he's a god
He's a man, he's a guru
You're one microscopic cog
In his catastrophic plan
Designed and directed by his red right hand
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
Red Right Hand by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
The theme music that's used in the show Peaky Blinders
is a song by the famous band The Red Riding Hood.
Friends and neighbors of planet Earth,
I come to you from a long, long ways off.
I come from a planet that is similar to yours.
Your many fears, tensions, and frustrations are no longer ours.
I hate them with all my heart.
They are inhuman and to be destroyed.
What is your objective?
You are not ready, but we will still save you.
I'll be right here.
I was first contacted by a being from the planet Mars.
Now, this man was invisible to me, except that he did cast a shadow in the moonlight.
By 1998, every normal, mediocritan, pink boy, admin, Trekkie, and hippie
is going to be trying to get on board with the good ship dogs.
The great ship dogs.
The good ship dogs.
Or they're going to fry along with everybody else when those aliens get here.
Of course, such a prophecy immediately arises our cynicism.
Is it possible that the end of the world will come in July 1999?
Perhaps.
Or is it just another of those prognostications which have haunted man through the ages?
Such a forewarning of ultimate doom could generally be dismissed out of hand,
but for the fact that many of Nostradamus's other prophecies have already been fulfilled.
But the old ones are coming back.
I'm going to let them through.
And Sam's old and birdies and bombs.
Good.
The tools of conquest do not necessarily come with bombs and explosions and force.
They're just a bunch of things that we can talk about.
They didn't take us off to space last X-Day, but the song, Take Me Off to Space,
originally done by the great Nenslow, seems to be one of the catchiest...
Well, we've used a lot on Hour of Slack, and it's on several of our music CDs,
because it's a great song.
And I wasn't there to record everything this last X-Day,
but Princess Wee and some other people at least got a partial recording of this wonderful moment
when the crowd suddenly spun...
They were in the process of burning the Bob dummy, which we do every year,
and it turned into a group chorus of Take Me Off to Space, singing around the bonfire.
There is a bomb, a smoke bomb in his heart, and one at the pipe.
All right.
He's got a smoke bomb in his heart.
What does he have in his arms? Sparklers? Roman candles?
He has us in his arms.
That's what I represent. Us.
Let the burning begin.
Burn, baby, burn!
Burn, Bobby, burn!
Burn, Bobby, burn!
Burn that Bob!
Burn that Bob!
I think that'll do it, Jase!
That was awesome!
Yo!
Woo!
Look at the sparklers.
Quiet.
He's sparkly.
Both drizzling with pixie dust.
Now maybe the sparklers will see it.
Yeah.
We'll see.
Deep step with word in your mouth.
Yeah!
There it goes.
The Bob sign has fallen.
Bob is ash.
Yeah.
What an asshole.
Bob is now ash.
Ashes to ashes.
Dust to dust.
Bob to space.
Hey, cattle mutilators, won't you let me join your crew?
Give me a knife, you bet your life I'll cut up cows for you.
I don't care if you're some kind of dog.
Now I guess they've been without a face.
So, come on down you saucerman and take me off to space.
Woo!
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down you saucerman and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down you saucerman and take me off to space.
No!
Come on, you tiny robots with your little nipper paws.
You cross-eyed, got-tied aliens with nine and twenty paws.
Life is just a sucker's dream, and death is a disgrace.
So come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Take me off to space.
Come on down, you saucer man, and take me off to space.
That was awful.
That was awesome.
Who said it was awful?
Nope, it was awesome.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Who said it was awful?
Get that chewing gum out of your ears.
It was awfully nice.
Awesome.
It was awfully awesome.
It was awfully awesome.
It was awfully awesome.
It was awfully awesome.
It was awfully awesome.

We were awful.
Tremendously awfully awesome.
Yes.
We should have brought up that.
Will you change the guarantees of eternal salvation or triple your money back?
Okay, well we're back.
I'm back.
That was different.
Is this one supposed to be different or electrocutional?
We're back and electrocutional.
Okay.
Ready to go.
And when we go, that's when we say, thanks for listening.
This has been our Slack number 1700.
And for more information, check out subgenius.com.
It might tell you what kind of money you could spend to get some things, but we don't.
We can't on account of the kinds of stations, actual broadcast stations.
They're do-gooder stations, not commercial stations.
They're there for the public good, which means they can't do us any financial good.
Right.
Pantswitters, we call them sometimes.
Bedwetters.
Yeah.
I need to jump in here and say, no, this is actually show number 1700.
I'm sorry.

It's number 1701.
And because the holidays are upon us, that means it's time for Slack Friday again at
the subgenius.com distribution center from now until X-istlessness-mas.
The key word here is twofer.
If you were wondering about a really special gift for that as yet unordained subgenius
you know, and maybe even the one in the mirror.
Well, you might want to try this.
Check it out.
And that's all I'm allowed to say on this public version of the show.
So friends, you know what to do.
Yeah.
As usual, bend over.
You know where to stick it, don't you?
Take this show and stick it in your ear.
Both ears.
That's hysterical.
LaVora's treatment every time gets them.
Because it's got Bob in it.
It's got Bob in the sounds.
Well, I haven't had a whole lot of Bob this time.
Or has it?
Bob in the sacks.
I don't even know yet.
I don't think I've written very many mentions to Bob in the sack.
Oh, actually, you know, it depends on how much of the old media barrage stuff I use,
which I'm planning to retroactively, you see.
Yeah.
We actually do the, in this time, this two weeks, we've been doing the credits before
we know what else we're going to play, besides playing ourselves in a movie.
Hey, who would play you in the Hollywood movie, Dave?
Stretch Wilbur.
Herman Goring.
No, think about it.
Who would play you?
Of course, I would be played by Johnny Depp, because we're practically like, well, the
younger Johnny Depp, we're like twins almost.
People keep, these jokers keep going, oh no, you'd be played by Tommy Chong or Willie Nelson.
Yeah.
What?
They're old.
You know, no, the young Stank and the old Stank could be played by Johnny Depp.
We know he does weirdo characters, great.
But you know, Mel Gibson, of all people, played you in a movie called Conspiracy Theory in
the 90s.
He did in a, he played a taxi driver who babbled.
And he, he was a taxi driver.
He even wore a hat like you were wearing back then.
And he was doing an American, you know, Easter coaster kind of accent.
And it was like his mannerisms and everything.
Princess Wee and I both saw that movie and went, how the hell did he know about, he must
have been listening to ESO, WCSB and Hour of Slack for years.
How could he be so anti-Semitic if he's going to do that?
Oh no, no, no.
You know?
No, no, no.
I mean, I think he's a schtick, but I'm afraid not.
So, so we can't have Mel Gibson play you anymore besides he's too old now.
So who would do it now?
Woody Harrelson.
No, he's too old now too.
Woody Harrelson.
Well, he's, he doesn't have a lot of hair on top, so that would be good.
Well, who could get any fat bald bastard?
Bill, how about Bill Murray?
Bill Murray, he was born on my birthday, so astrologically it would be incorrect.
It would be great if he was born on my birthday.








Oh, really?
Yeah.
Huh.
So, so I got that going for me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, okay.
Well, Bill Murray as Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Who, who is, uh, I'm trying to complete this logline.
I don't hear it.
I don't hear it.
Oh man, a two sentence logline.
You can't get too much bigger than two sentences.
One is ideal.
What?
Huh?
What?











What are you talking about?
What are you mumbling about now?
Loglines for scripts, you know, like when you're trying to get somebody interested in
buying a script, you write a logline.
Jim goes to Paris and meets up with more than he expects to hope to.
Oh, high concept.
Yeah.
Yeah.
If you can't explain the plot in one sentence, they're going to kick you out of the office.
Yeah.
Right.
You won't be allowed to participate in any of the activities afterwards.
You, you know what that means.
I don't know.
Well, I guess you're right.







I guess, yeah, so like with my, my subgenius movie screenplay, the logline would be
something like, what would it be?
Crazy guru destroys the world.
That's it.
I mean, if you want to be a little, and it's a comedy, but, but it's a comedy man.
And who would play Bob?
Well, Bob would have to either play himself or you do it with CG.
We can't, he can't play himself because he can't be photographed.
He overexposes the film and he glitches video.
But he could do it as ESPF or an ISNN.
CGI.
It would be performance capture.
I guess he could wear performance capture suit and play himself.
And then they could, then he, and he would look realer if he was CGI than he looks in
real life because he already looks CGI.
Yeah.
And he could snapshot himself while he's being dead in the meantime.
I mean, it's creepy to look at, I've only seen Bob in person a few times, but it's,
you feel like it's the uncanny valley.
There's something not quite all real about him.
And so CGI would be perfect.
That would get my vote too, but I had my voting restricted.
I had, they changed the roles, the cinnamon rolls to the vagabonds.
Or Andy Serkis.
That Serkis performer.
He's real good with performance capture.
His American accent is not that great, but otherwise he's really, he certainly is.
I mean, he played King Kong and Gollum and all kinds of monsters and things.
And oh, that villain in that latest Star Wars movie, Murky or whatever his name is.
Gump.
I forget.
Yeah.
Murky Gump.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's, God, boy, those things are lame.
The superhero, the Marvel movies.
I like those.
Wait, I gotta go unlock the sarcophagus.
Oh, what?
Oh, Dave's gone.
Friends, Dave's gone to unlock the sarcophagus.
Now we ended this show, I thought at some point about 10 minutes ago, but that doesn't
mean we can't just keep going on and on and on.
In fact, this, for all I know, this is the beginning of a third show.
Or it could be the beginning of the very first show of three shows, I suppose.
I've had to do a lot of reruns lately because the world was too much with me, as it were.
And we happy few had to make do with crappy poo, as it were, so to speak, in a way of
speaking.
And the man here.
But Dave's back, and now we can start again.
And now this.
Wow, the music ended just perfect with that.
Almost.
Keep the movie off-kilter.
There are second generation subgeniuses.
And there are third generation subgeniuses.
And yay, even fourth generation subgeniuses.
Men, women, and mutants.
Born into the church.
Who obtained their membership packet with their very birth certificates.
And yet there are also first generation subgeniuses.
Not necessarily those who invested early and got in on the ground floor of a lucrative
mail-order mind control cult in the 1980s, but first generation subgeniuses who have
found the church, even today.
Even yourself, perhaps.
Those who had, at one time, a human name before they found their subgenius name, or it found
them, due to their proclivities, skills, or lack thereof.
But did you know that every subgenius has a subgenius that they are becoming?
It's true.
I, Reverend Dr. Onan Canobite, did not know this until quite a time in my subgenius career.
I learned that there is a subgenius who is to me as I am to the name I was born with.
The name you'll see on my driver's license.
The name you'll see on my arrest record.
Yes, there is this subgenius.
Far more martian than I am.
I am a mere urchin.
subgenius, but there is a Martian subgenius that I am becoming. I even know his name,
but I dare not speak it in this open system. You, too, may have a subgenius that you are becoming.
It is not necessarily a better subgenius, only a different one. It's up to you. You can explore
that subgenius, or let them explore you in the privacy of your own home, one would hope,
or you can become the best subgenius that you are today. The choice is yours.
Just make sure that, if nothing else, you do not think that the subgenius you are becoming is
J.R. Bob Dobbs. He is himself, completely, not in the way that you are yourself,
but he is himself, completely. Can you hear the difference? Yes, you can.
He was born himself. He was born complete, whole, and perfect. A perfect fool, perhaps,
but perfect nonetheless. Complete, and whole, and holy, and a whole, into which you may pour
your attention, and devotion, and hatred, and anxieties.
He is a perfect recipient of your blame. But he is not you, and you are not him.
You may thank your lucky stars that you have not yet, today, met, in person, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
You have not smelled the ichor that emanates from his very pipe.
But should you meet Bob, you will know that you are not him. Merely look at any available Dobbshead.
Your very active looking indicates that you exist as one who looks at the Dobbshead.
The Dobbshead does look at you, and through you. Through you in the sense of
your perception in your daily life continues to be a feed to the Bob with a million eyes.
You cannot stop seeing for Bob once Bob sees you. It merely takes an exposure to the Bob with a million eyes to see you.
You can trust what you see and not eventually what Bob preaches.
But you already know that.
Marρχиты seniabitات
You have already equipped yourself for the handles beyond understanding.
Preach the words and send them to the God within you.
Review your knowledge of authority and what God Bath did for you.
Order your life through the Word of God and when all of my words reflect your Almost Construction111
arus Eichmannum you turn into a Patron for it viewers who made the choice to be luego Rockefühl,
Believe me. And should you thwart that subgenius from coming into being, they will know.
Fortunately, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if they know or don't know that you have thwarted their coming into being,
because you do exist now. You have heard these words that I am saying to you by way of this transmission.
It is a simple fact.
Yeah. I like this background music by CyberChump from their moment of perfect happiness.
And I have another Eddie Romanoff rant here.
I think he's a junior scientist, kind of like me, because I'm not sure how he's going to do it.
I don't know how this came up. It may have been apropos of nothing, but I like the way he said it.
And I quote,
A Lemurian wombat gigging machine? I haven't seen one of those in ages.
Oh, those long summer nights spent gigging for radio psychoactive frogs in the jungles around Dobstown with our little wind-up wombats.
We'd catch a few to lick.
And then trip balls for days and get some paid time off at the mines, because we'd pee hot.
The boss knew what was going on, but as long as we didn't get carried away, he was cool about it.
He was just glad we weren't putting heavy water in the water cooler again.
You also had to remember to keep shining them right in the eyes until after you licked them.
And always lick with the grain.
Otherwise, you'd get a dart in your face.
That's when you'd find out why they called them one-step frogs.
My brother caught a dart once, and he ended up spending a long night standing there like a jackass,
getting poured on by a typhoon until Dad could come out and pull up the sod he was standing on to get him to the hospital.
Fun fact, gigging-related deaths is how the Lemurian wombat went extinct in the first place,
making them the only species of animal.
To ever go extinct.
From overhunting something else.
Thank you, Eddie Romanoff.
You know, I often wonder if Eddie Romanoff might not...
I mean, as far as I know, he or she is a stranger.
But because I don't know, and this is Church of the Subgenius,
that means Eddie Romanoff could really be puzzling evidence.
Hanging out on the Scrub Genius Forum, using a different name, just to mess with me.
Or one of my old high school buddies,
who's not even that big of a subgenius fan or anything,
but he might be screwing with me just to...
I mean, he could write stuff like this.
Could it be Friday Jones returned from in hiding?
Pretending to be Eddie Romanoff?
Eddie Romanoff.
In the Church of the Subgenius,
the truth is slippery and facts are multi-tentacled.
And now this.
From PR News in Washington,
I'm sexually assaulted by a secret atomic humpback whale
at a secret warehouse just outside the capital of the USA.
That won't happen.
On Wall Street, 54% and 39 Twitter happy states.
At the height of 39% and 54 states,
fresh Chesapeake blue crab says effective October 1st.
This is PR News in Washington.
Thank you, Lemur.
And we've gotten some submissions of music from a musician
by the name of Morgan Gutentag.
Yeah, he has sent in once a year or so.
He'll whip out something that somehow cries out for an hour of slack.
This particular one, I have been making promises,
quote, to spiders, unquote.
This is the most earwormy thing.
Tell me if you disagree.
Is this an earworm or what?
I've been making promises by Morgan Gutentag.
I have been making promises
round here, round here.
But I have been breaking promises
all year, all year.
I have been making promises
round here, round here.
But I have been breaking promises
all year, all year.
I have been making promises
round here, round here.
But I have been breaking promises
all year, all year.
all year.
I have been making promises
round here, round here.

But I have been breaking promises
All year, all year.
Dog 5 little spiders, keep your eyeballs,
or you stay awake too long.
Nibble, nibble.
You were very scary and can't really help me God
All year I have been making promises
Round here and round here
But I have been breaking promises
All year, all year
I have been making promises
Round here and round here
But I have been breaking promises
All year, all year
Well Dave, I'm starting to get hungry
Well I'm already hungry, I'm going to go lay down now
Let's go
I'm going to lay down like a dog
I'm actually going to sit here
Now that I've got my rig set up
I'm going to sit here and read stuff
To intersperse with other shows to come
Because I've been so behind Dave
I've been behind, I've been sick in my mind
And fretting
You know Ken Kesey, the great Ken Kesey
Reverend Hardly Visible in Church of the Subgenius said
Fretting is the only sin
And I've been a real sinner for the last four months
Me too
Some of my fretting is at an end
Or at least it's postponed for a while
But I'm sure something else will come along
There's always something to fret about
Even though it doesn't do you any good
I mean preparing for the worst
That makes common sense
Ew
But fretting
That's
Is it going to make things worse
Or is it going to make things better
Well it's a moot point
Because you're probably just going to fret anyway
I couldn't stop fretting
I got to where I'd wake up in the morning
And go look at myself
You know be forced to look at myself in the mirror
And go
Damn I look worried
I didn't know I was worried
But I look worried
Yes I've had people say
Are you alright
Have you been okay
And I say what do you mean
Well last time I saw you
You looked like you were worried about something
Were you just in pain or
That's all it was just the
Just the unending discomfort of life
And pain
And uh
All our friends that are
In the hospital
Life can be very discomfortable
Yeah
Well it kind of goes with the territory
It's tough being a large mammal
There I said it again
Another week
I say that every week
For one reason or another
Here's another one
I think I've said this three weeks in a row now
Fair
Fair is where you take your pig
And hope to win a prize
Mm-hmm
Yes my sister was the one who taught me that one
It's deep
It's a it's deep
Here's another one that's that's both deep and kind of round
She's so bow-legged she couldn't hem up a hog in a ditch
That's just pretty replicant
I mean I just like
You know nice words coming together
That don't make a lick of sense at all
No
Well I love those country witticisms you know
We could just say
Quaint
Yeah you could just eat the pig
Putting a horseshoe on a
On a fried chicken or something
Yeah
It's like well don't that put a horseshoe on a fried chicken
See there you go that's another one
Now if we said it on the radio that means there's gonna be
Half the people in Tennessee are gonna be saying that
There'll be a country western song with that for a title
And will we get any royalties?
Nay
Nay
Nay said the horse
Nay said Mr. Ed
Not a damn cent
Yep
Well okay Dave let's cut to something else like Betty by Time or this
Hey Dr. Brujaha come here
Oh uh Animal
The esteemed reverend
Hey look check it out check it out
I am arguing with this dude on the internet
What let me see
Yeah
On social media
Yeah on social media like I totally post up
And they're gonna get really really really really mad about it right
Cause I was like oh I wonder who's gonna be all pissed off about this
You know and so like
And like this guy's just flipping his lid
What was it about?
Oh I think it's like about like uh which donut's best for with sprinkles or something
But he's losing his mind
He is absolutely losing his mind right
And so I just like I don't know how to respond to this
He says he's gonna like
I don't know
He's all like about ready to rage quit or something
But I wanna kinda push him over the edge
Right but I don't want him like to like you know take it out
And like when I cause next week he's supposed to buy me coffee
So you know but
My favorite thing to do is you write stuff that they get angry about
You know and respond to and go on these tirades
And then you delete your comments
Egging them on
And then so it just looks like they're completely
Insane
Going on some tirade
About something that probably doesn't even have to do with the original post either
That's always the best
That is great
That is excellent
I uh
It's troll level 800
I have to try that sometime
That is just amazing
I just uh
Extra troll
I just wanted to like you know just
Cause this is as lovely as this is camping here in the woods
I just wanted to ruin somebody's day
Right
On the internet
By talking about
Yeah
But yeah
But you know cause
Cause it's so important
Everything I talk about on the internet is so important
It's always key to troll random strangers
This isn't random
That's like
But this is the people that I've known for years
Oh somebody
Yeah it's like somebody that I've known for years
It's like it's
So it's targeted
Well yeah it's always good to troll people
It's a little more fun
It's like pranking
Yeah
But on the internet
If I can't rip my friends
With social media
Then what's the point
Yeah
Maybe they'll uh
You know hopefully they'll
Forget about how stupid you made them look
On social media
Then maybe they'll be proud of how stupid you made them look on social media
And they'll be proud of how stupid they got to look
Because I know I would be
Yeah you helped me make an absolute fool of myself
I was so dumb
That was great
Oh look what a
What a great subgenius I am
I'm an idiot
I'm an idiot
Oh it's fantastic
Yeah
That's what we do
Yeah
But not in a weird way
I mean I'm a little obsessive about it
Maybe
Yeah okay
Yeah
Definitely obsessive about it
I'll get on there and just start telling people that you know
Maybe this is a gift from me









Absolutely
And this is the last time I'm beginning to Hye
What's the interestingly


Oh I want to think about it


What to do

Yeah
Man
Would you want to try

I mean you probably have some
You've got a bugñ
M cut




Foi
High five.
All right.
That was a tribute to the late Ethan who liked to argue on the internet with strangers.
Rest in peace, Ethan.
Thank you, Reverend Anna Mall and Dr. Brouhaha.
By the way, Brouhaha is spelled in the Spanish way, so it's like brouhaha.
See, it's a double meaning there.
Brouhaha meaning brouhaha, but brouhaha meaning witch.
So there you go.
Oh, and speaking of witches.
No, let's not speak of witches.
Let's just let Leemur handle this.
Yeah, what we're about to play is dated.
All the numbers and names only applied in 1983.
So don't go shopping based on this information.
But it's got some killer spouting by the Pope of all New York, David N. Meyer on NPR, of all things.
Dr. G. Gordon Gordon and others, including, I think, Poonflang Dameron and the baby.
Me.
And now McGraw-Hill has printed 15,000 copies of the collected teachings of Bob.
Through the mail.
Many times have I said that, yes, you may spend $20 to join the Church of Bob,
and you may be staggered at the enormity of this sum,
or you might spend $9.95 for the book about the book of the subgenius of McGraw-Hill and better books for everywhere,
but the $9.95 you spend for that book,
you'll get so much more for your money than you would get if you spent $9.95 in any other pink conspiracy meaningless book
right now.




You will be ashamed of yourself.
Why, children, you go out and put that $4.95 down for a copy of Hollywood Wives,
you read it and you are ashamed of yourself for being that sick pink conspiracy juicing.
But you put $9.95 down for the book of the subgenius, and I defy you, children, to finish that book.
I defy you to read every word and absorb every illustration of that book.
I've had my copy for nigh on ten months, and I haven't done it yet.
It sold 50,000 copies on publication day.
Over a century later, it became the phenomenon of the London and New York states.
We ought to clear up something about the book.
You might find it in the humor section, and this is just completely wrong.
It's the conspiracy in action.
It should be in the religion section.
I found my copy in the religion section of Walden Books downtown.
It should be in the cooking section.
It should be in the home building section.
It should be in the pet section.
I mean, there's nothing funny about that book.
I would encourage people to go to their local bookstore and find it and move it in the different sections.
It's all funny, right?
Pick up all of the many copies there, or a few.
I don't believe it.
And move them to the real house.
It's supposed to be on big display out front with its own stamp and everything.
It might just save your brain and your soul and your mental life for the next ten million years.
It might even lose your left hemisphere to your right hemisphere.
Yeah, right. It might just make you aware of the fact that you're a human being instead of a little meat machine.
Because by count of gloves, we're speaking.
We don't even want to talk about that, right?
We don't want to talk about expanding your imagination.
You're thinking for yourself.
God forbid.
Yeah, you're not asleep. You're perfectly awake.
No, you haven't been programmed.
No.
This whole stuff isn't confusing to you at all.
Right.
No, that's the way it goes.
It's just a big toy.
That book, reprinted in 1986 by Simon & Schuster, is still around in print and in e-book, but it's not really in many stores anymore.
It is in my store at subgenius.com, as is Lonesome Cowboy Dave's sci-fi novel, Neighbor World.
And they're both on amazon.com, for instance.
And it's now $20.95 instead of $9.95 like it was in 1983.
But as I said earlier, Slack Friday has started, man!
And, whoa, man, I can now explain to you on the internet that this is our big annual blowout.
When you get two Church of the Subgenius ordainment kits for the price of one.
Maybe you're already a fan.
Maybe you're already ordained.
But don't you want your old ma and pa to be on the escape vessels too when next day comes and the world ends?
And what about that cool niece and nephew?
And what about Spot, Rover, Old Hollerer, and Little Tabby?
Are you gonna deliberately leave them behind to be tortured as pinks by all your fellow subgeniuses?
And besides Eternal Sins?
And what about Salvation or Triple Your Money Back?
For that mere $35, you get a lot of actual stuff inside that sizable black folder with pockets.
You get your membership pin, your shiny, coated minister's card, two fine, bedobs-headed, vinyl bumper stickers,
the Doctorate of the Forbidden Sciences,
and the all-purpose divine excuse document signed by Bob.
Oh, that felt good.
Both poster-sized and dying to be framed.
You get 32 pages of densely illustrated and floridly written tracts.
That is, pamphlets number one and two.
You get a cardboard 8.5x11 portrait of Bob only two generations from the original clip art itself.
The Pledge of the Subgenius, the Brag of the Subgenius, a leaflet about Connie Dobbs,
an anti-subgenius fake flyer, the amazing Tree of Life poster by Mavridis and Stang,
the Salvation or Destruction poster by Hellswami Satellite Weavers that Devo adapted for a poster,
and much, much more.
All kinds of stuff that you can read.
Photocopy and leave in laundromats and at the State Fair.
It's a 27-piece kit altogether, and I personally signed the three-page welcome and instructions letter myself
in sparkly green ink.
And best of all, you become an ordained minister with the power to lawfully wed couples or anything else.
Two kits like this for $35.00.
But act fast, because this incredible offer ends December 23rd, if the world doesn't first.
That's subgenius.com.
And the link for Slack Friday ordainment is right at the top.
We take credit cards, checks, PayPal, you name it.
And if you don't need this so-called false progress like the internet, you can mail us at...
Got that pencil or phone ready?
Subgenius at P.O. Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
Shortest address we've ever had, and I'm pretty sure this one's permanent because we're now on an actual cult compound in rural Texas.
Not all that far from where the United States government mass-murdered the Branch Davidians near fabled Waco.
That's Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas 76043.
Or subgenius.com.
Praise Bob!
Oh, and by the way...
We really are hurting for money due to the delays in selling the old address.
So this wouldn't be a bad time for just a plain flat-out donation, which we make very easy...
By way of paypal.me slash ivanstang.
I-V-A-N-S-T-A-N-G.
Or the button on the homepage of subgenius.com.
Praise Bob!
Again!
Again!
