Because this is a God-sent plan for you.
A plan to help you get out the hole.
A plan to help you overcome the obstacles in your way.
You know you got to have a devil fighter to stay ahead of the devil.
And I'm always working for you to get you ahead.
Praise God.
Now many of you know me.
I'm no stranger to you.
You know me as a money bag lady.
And I'll bring you ways that you may be able to receive.
The subgenius hour of sweat.
I wish she was a money bag lady.
Oh, I do.
I only know her as a bag lady.
Yes, Mother Truth, the bag lady.
Yeah, here we go.
Dear friends, welcome to the subgenius radio.
Radio ministry hour of slack.
A psychedelic, a wild, and a flip-flop.
Yippee-dippee.
What?
Live from Hollywood.
Hollywood?
Now, now, wait a minute.
Oh, yeah.
The Gateway Dioxinville subgenius radio ministry.
The star Dance of the Rising F quadratic?
The
ator.
Fantastic Nuks.
And this is the end of the film.
This miracle bath will bring money your way.
This miracle bath will bring you relief from your problems.
This miracle bath will bring success in your love life.
This miracle bath will bring you relief from the sickness in your body.
This miracle bath will take the confusion away from your mind.
This miracle bath will take the pain out of your heart if you're sick
because your loved one has mistreated you
and just seen you.
This machine will push you aside.
This miracle bath will help you.
I'm sorry, we're not allowed to receive gratuities
as part of our congressional stipend on the Subgenius Show.
And how peaceful it is.
How lovely.
How impossible to tune in on this antiquated machine.
How far away the bolts are to be sheared.
Yes, for millions of miles.
Oh, well, we can do Joe Polino when we do that.
Or something like that.
We have horrible tapes of cement mixers being run over 70 miles an hour at Dockstop.
And we have a little bit of a mess.
We're not allowed to use the
We have a little bit of a mess.
Yes, those African bees.
And here they come, flying in formation.
Oh, no, oh, no.
Get away from me.
Get away from me.
Get them off.
Get them off.
Africanized bees stinging a little Costa Rican man to his just reward in egg heaven.
Well, now, who can say who really deserves a big bee sting?
And who doesn't?
Well, we just pretend we can know.
And then the peasants are impressed by this sheer creation.
I think that day is long gone.
The third world has wised up to your trick.
Hey, no.
Come on, caller.
I can still fool with the best of them.
Can I, caller?
Yeah, I don't know if you can fool with the best of them.
Every time I call up, you turn me off the air and the meter keeps running down.
Wait, wait.
I do not.
But I'm going to have to put on the painful headphones because I can't even pick up the caller's sputtering voice.
That caller said I cut him off.
That's silly.
You cut him off at the past.
He called a long time ago.
That's why I cut him off at the past.
Well, he's probably going to call again.
But there's still no future for a caller who won't take the show with a drain of salt.
Pum grano salas, as we used to say at the refractory.
It's hard enough to tune in on this show.
It's full of eccentric sounds, boops, beeps, whistles.
It sounds like a sperm whale in heat at the bottom of a coal mine.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe that's what it is, in fact.
And there's a low level, low frequency hum.
Or, uh.
And I can only.
Oh.
I almost.
I almost lost it there.
Seriously.
One of these days I'm going over the side.
Oh.
Yeah, sorry, Hal.
Oh, poor Dr. Hal.
About to go over the side, leaving that show.
You know, this show is composed entirely.
Entirely of other subgenius radio shows.
We got the show from St. Louis, show from Toronto,
the show from Vancouver, a little bit,
the show from Maine,
Portland, Maine.
Hello, dear friends of Portland, Maine.
And of course, the show from Dallas, and the show from Berkeley,
which we can never seem to escape from.
And yes, we did make a lot of money yesterday,
but put it into God, is what we spent money.

We'd be worth little more to you every day,
but we're going for other bands.
You love them, don't you?
You either love some or you don't.
Do you love to listen to them?

Yeah?
Oh, it's okay, George.
George.
George, don't be upset.
I know you're scared.
I know you're all scared.
I know you're bored.
You'll probably get more bored before this hour's over.
But dear friends, and poor George there, I want you to know there is hope.
There is hope from that man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
And I have proof of it.
In fact, we got this letter in the mail, dear friends.
I want to share this with you.
This is your preacher, Reverend Ivan Stang.
I hope that you're all tuning in as you should be, getting proper reception.
We got this letter here from Louisville, Kentucky, addressed to the Crud Foundation.
It has a picture of Bob Dobbs on the back with a Drew scars on his face
and a little thought balloon that says acid coming out of Bob's pipe.
It says Bob Barf.
They don't like Bob, see, friends?
This is the kind of letters we get once a year.
Dear Bob, it is obvious you don't know it, so I thought somebody should tell you.
Jesus Christ, the Son of God, is the only one.
He is real, and he made your worthless little body and gives you the breath to breathe every day.
Thank you.








You are a deranged lunatic who will burn in hell.
And when you are being tortured in hell, you will remember this letter.
So go boop yourself, Bob.
You're, spelled Y-O-U-R, a worthless boop boop who has nothing but boop to say.
P.S. I work for the IRS, and I am watching you, and we'll see you soon.
And your attorneys won't mean boop when you deal with us.
So face up.
You're boop.
You're, yeah.
I'm bored with that kind of thing, too, dear friends.
You know, God.
Fuck you.
You have, I work for the IRS, and I are watching you.
I hope you're listening.
I hope you're listening.
We got friends in the IRS.
Your boss in the IRS, as a matter of fact.
Your boss in the DEA.
Your boss in the FBI.
Your boss in the CIA.
In the national security.
In the SA.
In everything.
In organizations whose acronyms you never even guessed.
They're all working for Bob.
And there ain't no escape.
None at all, nay.
And, uh, y'all.
That's why we have to deal with the conspiracy.
It goes back to that, that caller.
That if I was able to take control, and I do have control,
but if I was able to present it in the pink world,
then I could, I could bring in this real alternative.
And the way to have an alternative is to change the environment.
One of the ways would be to turn off the electric environment.
Can you imagine doing that?
That'd be one, that's not an alternative idea.
That's an alternative.
That's an alternative percept.
But the pinks are never gonna let you do that.
So, they will let you have all the celebratory retrievals and replays and celebrations of ideas and cultures.
Because they know the medium is the message.
Not the content.
Not the...
The control environment is those of the emperor.
This is his new clothes.
Is that he's just gonna keep it on.
He's not gonna turn it on.
A lot of money could be made.
Yeah.
And he's not even making money.
He doesn't even want that.
Train and you can't sleep at night.
You get up, you look at the moon.



You look out the window.
You walk the floor.
Nothing seems to go right.
Every little thing you just stay up there.
Praise god.
You write from the mill an1343 right now.
Don't you wait till the morning.
You get up right now and get your pencil and paper.
And write your Mother Truth.
Nerea Clinic Network.
Smoke,叫ién, guyonca ana Prop researched by Esther Alm дорن Dark Blue 500.
E gusto para ti, AceH Francisöosse one Somebody took my husband and you're some kind.
Uncle Hal is now wrestling with the inner story out there.
Oh, I hear inner story.
I hear slow inner story gas releases.
I was wrestling with the death angel.
He had a hold of my...
The death angel?
Can't breathe.
I'm really blacking out.
Can't take it.
Pull the oxygen button.
Yeah, okay, here.
There on your belly.
Show too much.
Can't read.
Uh-oh, can't read show?
Tape over.

Inner related story.
Tape over.
Tape already flipped over.
Oh, you should have flipped over the tape.
Pushed into a residential...
40 minutes ago.
Oh, yeah, I did.
40 minutes ago.
The show was...
Oh, my God.
And there are only six minutes left of the whole show.
Too many aspirations in goal.
It started trying to celebrate Veterans Day.
Yeah, we were trying to have a parade, but the show went crazy and out of control like some foreign war.
And we were supposed to visit Rattlesnake Ranch and the thing, can you take it?
And Dinosaur Park.
I guess I'll have to wait till next week.
And a more organized, more sorrowful show.
Because the military is going to take over the show at this point and organize it along strict principles of chain of command.
Here, the show cadets are practicing in their beautiful field blue uniforms while the majorette swirls her flaming baton.
The gymnastic troupe spells out the name of Sugar Wesser School in electronically amplified orange letters.
Wee.
Yes, in the wee hours of the morning, this parade is one of the principal attractions at the Cow Hollow Cogswallop Festival.
Tiny androids and the audience boo their disapproval of the healthy, wholesome, and hideous 4-H club.
But soon, oppressions bear me down to earth.
Nor care I that they rob me of my mirth.
I'm sorry.

You got...
Why?
Yes, it is funny, isn't it, friends?
I'll bet you think it's a joke.
I'll bet you think the church is just one big laugh.
Well, you're probably right.
I mean, I got some proof of that right here, you know?
I mean, here we are from an article by Jay Kinney that appeared, oh, in some pink boy book at some point.
Backstage with Bob.
It's 9.30 or so.
Backstage at the...
Stone, a nightclub on Broadway in San Francisco. Guy Deyul, the ex-cattle rancher from Bolivia
with the artificial septum, is fondling an Uzi, the Israeli automatic weapon favored
by death squads in Central America. The Uzi, like the ridge between Deyul's nostrils, is
plastic. Deyul, who is an imposing 40ish figure in a tan trench coat, looks uncannily like
G. Gordon Liddy and has the air of a man who is no stranger to life and death situations.
Deyul is a subgenius.
How can you remember all this? You must be making it up.
No, I'm not.
Well, I embroider a little so that you can see it the way I do.
God help me.
You atheists never stop talking about God.
And you gays never face facts. Fantasies are no escape.
If you've got the keys to that door, I will gladly follow. Otherwise, I will escape.
Why?
Because I bicycle.

And that's why feels so wrong!
Just a ax.
Get aข, got it from the look of it...
So like're then confident?

Do what I can, but don't do anything.
I should've tried치
...
Feels good, I should say.

Like I was trying to climb, but I had it.
...
Here?

Here?


how it will be done. Can you imagine this is what NASA and them are looking for? They're
trying to figure out how they can make, you know, a cheap means of a stable environment
space. Well, what you do is you send up your little shuttle, and you have an apparatus
that will blow up a plastic balloon. All right? Now, as you blow up the plastic balloon, and
you can put it in any aesthetic form you want, the various pumps we use today, you blow up this
huge, you know, very strong plastic flexible material. Let's say you make it into a sphere
with a platform. Now, what do you do next? You then reinforce the inside of the plastic balloon
that you're going to live inside with liquid, with a spray, which comes from a container
containing liquid concrete.
And iron filings. So what you do, you spray that liquid concrete and iron filings on the
interior of the balloon. It then solidifies, freezes it, rigidifies it, and then, and you
can have any shape you want, once you've decided the pressure on the balloon. That is what we did.
We pumped up the plastic covering, put the spray of the liquid concrete and iron filings on the
interior, solidified it, and then we built, we moved inside, we block it off temporarily,
maintain pressure, then you put your door in, then you go in, and you set up living
quarters. That is how Dobstown was built. This is the first time in history it's ever
been explained, and it was done many years ago by us. That's what we use for running
the solar government, and that's what NASA's going to do now that they've heard it here.
You've made a prediction about Europe opening up and becoming debt-free.
Democratic. Yeah. Does that mean eventually the Cold War is going to end completely?
It's going to, it's ended in the north, but the problem is the Pentagon Bolsheviks still want to
keep fighting, and they're going to go, and they are, and they have been this week, they went south
and east in the sense of Middle East. So we now have a new complex zone, the north-south dialogue.
So instead of aiming at Eastern Europe, it's going to be aimed at
the North? Yeah. So instead of aiming at Eastern Europe, it's going to be aimed at the North?
The Middle Eastern countries. Yeah, the Third World, Africa, Asia, and Latin America, especially in Latin America for the Bolsheviks,
because the good news is that Gorbachev has a heavy chunk of influence in the Far East and the Middle East and Asia, Africa rather,
and if he can keep the edge over the trouble stirred up by the Pentagon Bolsheviks, then we'll just have trouble in Latin America mainly.
And we have our job here in Canada and the United States to root out that influence and bring some slack to the Latin Americans.
But we don't need to worry about an east-west situation. Actually, I think the Rockefellers are merging with the Russians at this point,
the native Christian Russian faction, just to prop up their own northern empire as it crumbles, you know.
So they're forced to align with a more powerful situation in Russia, and therefore they're forced to be peaceful.
But they're still going to create problems as after effects down south, so that's our problem right now.
And we're going to have to deal with it.


It's a big problem.
It's a big problem.
It's a big problem.
It's a big problem.
Out on stage, Janer Hyperkleets is stalking back and forth across the stage,
Out on stage, Janer Hyperkleets is stalking back and forth across the stage, delivering a hell-raising show of the American Revolution.
sermon to an audience of several hundred souls.
Jayner mows lawns for a living in Little Rock, Arkansas, and cuts an odd figure in his garish
orange and green pants, looking like the penultimate hit, Come to the Big City.
It is not totally clear just what Jayner is raving about in his Little Rock twang, something
to do with launching the head, golfing, Bob, heaven, and his sex life, or lack thereof.
But what hardly seems to matter is any of this, because Jayner is a subgenius.
There are a number of very important goals to accomplish together in this first lesson.
Our overall goal, of course, is to get you your all-important first job in radio.
I'm sorry, yeah, it's only the staying talking.
I took two stayings yesterday, and I still feel...
Is anybody there?
There?
There?
There?

There?
We're going to hook up the echo.
It's just a coffee officer.
Is that caller still there?
There?
There?
I don't think he's still on the radio.
The sound effects are getting louder and louder.
They're overwhelming.
Everything.
The caller is totally buried under the weekend.
Do you hear anybody?
And the show's only half over.
We're out of jokes.
Yeah, look what happened.
That was the funny half.
The part that comes now is really not funny.
I'm going to tell people how to saw a board in half now.
Speak into rectifier.
Yeah, you're right.
Am I right?
Yeah, you're right.
We're deconstructing the show now.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying now?
Yeah, okay, I'm right.
Stop this badnage and persiflage with this worthless insult.
And shift to caller B, who is probably fantasy caller,
panting to get on the air.
I think so, huh?
Hello.
You're on the air.
Everything will be in the same package.
All you need to do is just mix it with your bathwater.
Praise God.
Get in and wash your body all over.
And give praises to God that he thought about you and your time of need.
For truly, God has thought about you.
Do the best.
Serve a little peace.
Serve a little happiness.
And all you need is a little do.
Praise God.
Can you put a little do in your plan to bring a little joy in your life?
If you want joy to reach deep down within, I want you to do today.
Get up and do right now.
His lady.
The commission on regulations.
Don't permit me to say boop on the radio.
Okay, we're trying to find intelligence here on the caller.
Unfortunately, this caller turned out to be just a boop.
Hi, Bob.
Hi, George.
Hi, how are you?
George, I saw you over at the labor thing on the west side
with the poster for J.R. Bob Dobbs, vote for everything.
And I'm just happy to see that you're the only candidate of the five
who has gotten behind Bob.
I'm the only candidate of the five who has gotten behind Bob
for all the other offices beside mayor.
So I ask everybody in this town who loves slack and who loves Bob
to get behind George Forbes for mayor.
That verifies I've been on the west side.
All right.
Is that Pope Jimbo?
Yes.
Yes.
Praise Bob.
All right, Bob.
Hey, congratulations on your induction into the Hall of Fame there.
Yeah, it just goes to prove if you hang around doing anything long enough,
something good will happen to you.
Praise Bob.
Thank you, sir.
Praise Bob is right.
Hi, Darryl.
This guy, this guy, and then they're all rascals to hell with him.
Every time.
If only he threw somebody on that would be acceptable.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm surprised.
I'm very surprised to see Mike White made it, and it's very interesting.
But there's this guy, Bob Dobbs, I think he'd be a very good writing candidate.
That's the guy with the pipe.
Oh, yeah.
I think, you know, because that would send as good a message
as anything else.
Praise Bob.
Yeah, he's the head of the Church of the Subgenius.
Yeah, you don't happen to be partial to him because your name is Bob.
No, no.
No, no, it had nothing to do with that.
Okay, see, I would vote for a Chris and admit it, any Chris there is.
Hey, good talking to you.
Take care, Bob.
Good night.
The party of Bob.
Okay, five minutes till 10 on talking to Robert.
But it will take at least 100 years.
But the science fiction magazines I read were saying we could do this.









We can do it in the 1960s.
Well, it turned out the science fiction magazines were right and my teachers were wrong.
And that's when I began to believe more in science fiction than in teachers who hold
their jobs.
Bob, I'm going to take a break for a second.
And when we come back, we're going to discuss where things have been since you worked with
C. Leary on that book.
Is this the time to punch up the channel of your choice?
Oh, you're here.
I want the charger card.
Oh, okay.
Where is it?
It's the other room.
Your time is now.
The walk before the walk.
I got it.
Your time is your time is your time.
Is that your daddy's charger card?
Yeah, I found it in his dresser next to his gun and balloon.
Personal weather.
Inside 98.
Outside no.
Delight.
Eye irritation.
Okay, okay, punch it up.
Which one?
85.
Okay, here we go.
FM-8, yeah.
Mm-hmm.
There he comes again.
FM-88.
Okay.
Well.
Now, hear me say he.
Does that make me, am I, does that make me sexist now?
No, I think most fools are men.
Well, okay.
Well, maybe that's why I just defaulted to the most foolish sex.
Maybe that's why it's so rare to find a good female subgeniity today.
Hey, why don't you, Debra, why don't you put the, our new favorite?
I'm going to put the new phone computer on that'll screen out that, the idiots from Colin.
Oh.
The ones that don't know how to talk once they make the connection.
You mean the one where I throw the phone out the window?
Yeah, that's the one.
That's the one.
Okay.
You guys.
See, he's getting better.
He only rings once and then he hangs up.
Yeah, well, by the way there, Dr. Philo, I noticed you have the magic saxophone of the
gods in your hand.
I couldn't help but notice that.
Yes, I use the saxophone to invoke famous old-time saxophones.



I'm sure you've had some genius radio artists from the past.
Well, I'll tell you what, let's see if it works.
Why don't you do a quick invocation and see if we can bring up the spirit of Ken Nordean.
That might be fun.
Hi, girls.
We will teach you how to announce from written scripts.
We will discuss the most common mistakes in English and how to avoid them.
And we will give you the first of several intensive lessons in the correct pronunciations
of words which are most often mispronounced and which you will often find in the process
of announcing.
Let's begin.
Yeah.
But before we put your voice to work, do your ah and ah exercises.
Okay.
To relax your voice.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.






Ah.
Ah.


Ah.

Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.











Ah.




Minus the twouß.
All good!
Yes!
Ooh, that's lovely.
Kind of gets you right here.
I bet you could get a grant from the Arts Council for that.
Not only that, but, you know, I think it's actually liable to work.
Speaking of dreams, I had one just the other night.
Seems I had only just put on my pajamas and settled off into slumber
when suddenly I woke up naked and shivering.
Where are my pajamas, I thought.
I looked around where I was in my dream
and I saw I was on an asteroid covered with snow.
And I was cold, floating out in the middle of nowhere in outer space
on this asteroid.
Just then, a clown walked up to me
wearing my pajamas.
Hey, get back my pajamas!
I cried.
The clown just smiled enigmatically
and squeezed his nose with a musical toot.
He turned then and pointed to a valley off in the distance
amongst the snow-covered hills,
gesturing that I follow him.
Having nothing better to do,
I trotted along beside him,
trying in vain to make small talk with him
in hopes that I might cajole him into surrendering my pajamas.
But my words seemed to have little effect on the clown.
And as we got closer to the point,
I began to see that it was filled with people.
And they were all wearing identical outfits.
In fact, they were all wearing my pajamas.
And the clown gestured me into the crowd
and I saw that all the people not only wore my pajamas,
but bore the face of the clown as well.
They fell silent.
And first one, and then a few others began to giggle.
And then a few others began to giggle.
And then a few others began to giggle.

To laughter until everybody,
all the clowns were becoming hysterical,
rolling on the ground and laughing and pointing at me.
I was so ashamed and embarrassed.
And I tried in vain to cover my nakedness.
And then, and then their leader,
the clown that had led me there,
sidled up to me and whispered,
Don't you understand?
The joke is on you, but it's for you as well.
That is madness.
That is madness.
I exclaimed, said the clown.
And then, and then I understood.
And I began to laugh too.
Because when you're mad,
I mean, when you're completely mad,
the world is just as stupid and frightening as it always was.
But you can twist yourself around it
like a snake around the wildly spinning barbecue.
That doesn't matter anymore.
I mean, really, it doesn't matter anymore.
And you know something else?
I never did.
Get like a dog.
Ha ha ha ha.
This is a great call in the US.
Okay.
Table one day.
Next two.
And you are listening to
the subgenius radio ministry
hour of slack.
Here on KNON 89.3 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Welcome to channel 85.
Nice to have you in our little net.
Oh, that's K-N-O-N 89.3 FM in Dallas, Texas.
Thank you.
In unwatched programming,
co-owner and co-partner with my co-operator, Clark Cable.
The peengland sonar is now fully operational.
And Commander Atwood is turning the dial up to all engines ahead.
Well, see, what happens, actually,
is you stick the caller's brain here in the cappuccino machine
and it foams up the left side of the brain.
My God, a new source of power.
Now we're separating the left and right side of the brain here.
This is what we call the back side of the brain.
That's right, the fork goes on the left side of the brain
while the spoon and the knife go on the right side of the brain.
This here is the back side of the brain,
the buttocks of the brain,
and the behind the elopes here.
You're not...
Notice this cleavage on the rear end of the brain.
Now this is what we call...
I don't want to see...
I saw this.
It's like this health movie.
It goes on and on about the hindbrain.
Smith did it.
Your hindbrain is the...
He makes us watch it because he animates it.
Oh, Smith already did it, huh?
All right, well, I'm going to try to tell people about the wonderful...
Hey, wait, I didn't want to go to church.
...hypocritical campus and the...
Oh, yeah, that's the best part of the brain there is.
Okay, here we go.
Is the show brain.
Then the thalamus or...
Or the 848.
That's right, and this show uses multi-optic...
Multi-mode optical fiber.
...the tinnium or aura complex.
The rhombus...
8484425, wake up and dial this number.
It's a record jack.
It's about to fall over and do terrible damage to the rare ukabalabonga chorus record.
Check the meter here.
Okay, Palmer, I know you feel funny.
Oh, look at it.
It's opening, erupting.
If that thing gets near the ship, it's going to rupture the skin.
Put on your helmet, quick.
Wait a minute.
Are we allowed to do the tapping?
Aren't there cannons in the Church of the...
The subteam just says we are supposed to be miserable and take the KPSA elevator up to the...
Out here in space, we can do what we want.
Oh, okay.
We're free of gravity and Earth's primitive rules and regulations.
Primitive.
Here, out in space, without any censorship at all, we are perfectly free to say...
And...
We can even...
Say it loud.
Earwax.
Just small, quiet...
Hey, they didn't answer that one.
I think it broke training.
Using the AFBMBs...
How about...
Let's go surfing after the show.
Let's go surfing now.
Oh, they let that one by, too.
What about true history?
Belly button lint.
Yeah, they let that one by, too.
Wow.
How about...
This guy's can say anything.
A to N shirt loop.
You know, it's funny.
I didn't even think they would censor...
8484...
I'm sorry, dear friends.
I'm sorry about what happened.
No, dear friends.
But the best estimates of subgenius membership...
Well, they're...
A little questionable.
They're thought to be maybe about the same size as the forces of Lyndon LaRouche,
but we have more slack.
Still, we're a decentralized phenomenon,
as police departments around the country have learned.
The threat that the average subgenius represents
is the danger of the lone berserker run amok,
not the threat of lockstep fascism.
Subgenii are not interested in selling you flowers at airports.
No, that's not our style.
We're far more likely to sidle up to you in a public laboratory
and urinate on your shoes.
Let's continue with Bob...
Robert Anton Wilson,
who's going to be talking with Dr. Leary tomorrow night
about the inner frontier of the mind.
Anything else that you wanted to add
before we go ahead to our next caller, Bob?
I'll take the next caller.
Okay, let's go ahead.
At 578-1300.
Hi, what's your name?
Hi, yeah, my name's Arthur.
Arthur, you're on.
Yeah, I was talking to a fellow over at the Bargain Spider
over at the Case Western Reserve,
a university.
Mm-hmm.
So, anyway,
he's telling me that this Mr. Wilson
is into this J.R. Bob Dobbs guy.
And I heard this guy earlier
call and talk about him.
Uh-huh.
You want to know more about him?
I'd like to know what he had to do with Bob
and what Bob was all about.
Okay, well, J.R.?
J.R.
J.R.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
He's the saint of sales.
Okay.
He's the founder of the Church of the Subgenius,
the first industrial age revolution,
the first industrial age religion, I mean to say.
The Church of the Subgenius is based on the teaching
that L. Ron Hubbard taught Bob on an elevator
when they were stuck on a stalled elevator
in Palm Beach in 1957.
It's the secret of power,
which is, you know how dumb the average guy is?
Mm-hmm.
Well, mathematically, by definition,
half of them are even dumb.
There's no one dumber than that.
Heavy thought, but very real.
If the average guy is right in the middle,
median, is that?
That's right, yeah.
Then half have to be dumber.
The other half, of course, conversely, have to be smart.
Yes, but they don't join things like Scientology
or the Church of the Subgenius.
I'm a pope in the Church of the Subgenius.
There you go.
See, they start their own.
Where's your yarmulke if you're such a pope?
Anyway, you know, the little white skull cap?
You know, he's...
He's not only bishop of Rome,
but he's also the rabbi of Rome.
Well, he does wear a yarmulke.
Yeah, he sure does, and that's what it's about.
This Martin guy wasn't lying to me then.
Arthur, he told you true.
All right.
All right.
Okay.
All right, thank you, friend.
Okay, you gonna pop around tomorrow night to the Civic, maybe?
Yeah, I already got my ticket.
Oh, you'll check it out, huh?
Yeah.
Very good.
Okay.
What's happening is this.
Yeah.
Proceed.
Hello?
Hello.
Yeah, yeah, you talk about eccentric.
You got subgeniuses listening to you.
Ah.
I mean, how eccentric can you get?
Are you a subgenius?
Yes, I am.
Oh, very, very good.
I'm the pope of all Cleveland.
Very good, very good.
Yeah.
I'm a big fan.
Well, I've got your tape from when you were talking to Stangdown in Texas.
Oh, yeah.
And, yeah, great tape.
I listen to it occasionally.
So is subgenius a church disguised as a joke or a joke disguised as a church?
Either way you want it.
Actually, if you ever, and I'm not pushing the book, I'm not selling it or anything,
but the book of the subgenius, I don't know if you've seen it, but...
Of course I have.
Okay.
I should have known better, of course.
If you get past it, past some of the big cartoons and things,
you see a lot of things in there that make you think.
And it's pretty deep, really.
Yeah, I agree.
I shouldn't really be telling this over the air.
Well, why not?
I'm taking a chance at the Stark Fistle.
Remove me.
Ah.
Danger.
I know, there's a lot of, I should explain for our audience,
there's a lot of inside stuff here.
The subgenius is either a, as you heard,
either a religion disguised as a joke or a joke disguised as a religion,
and no one is sure which, including probably the people who...
Bob!
...who thunked it up.
Director of washed and unwatched programming,
and co-owner and co-partner with my co-operator, Clark Cable.
Look great in here.
Why don't you switch the board to self-control, Clark, and come on camera?
Sure.
He's coming in right now.
Hello, subscribers.
I'm the reproducer here at 85.
It's my job to keep things looking real.
Even if we are on tape.
Even if we are on tape.
Are we?
I don't know.
If I was at home watching, I could tell you, Fred.
Well, you can bet your card you won't regress.
Just get the charge you're getting for 85.
The best in our style of local programming.
Yeah, sure.
May 1st, 1985.
I've decided to turn over a new leaf.
No more booze.
No more drugs.
No more cigarettes.
50 push-ups.
50 sit-ups.
50 squat thrusts every day.
I'm gonna be somebody.
I'm gonna do something big.
I'm sick of being a nothing.
Watching people look through me like a dirty pane of glass.
I'm gonna be famous.
Just like those people on radio and TV.
I'll be famous if it kills me.
May 4th.
I've been real busy with my training.
May 5th.






Not just physical training, but mental training, too.
Now I can concentrate.
I concentrate so hard, sometimes my head hurts.
I pretend I have a red dot on my forehead,
just like those Bhagwans from India.
I concentrate on hours, but nothing but that red dot on my forehead.
I can feel my brain move forward against the red dot,
pushing, pulsing, rubbing against the inside of my skull.
It feels like it's gonna explode.
It wants out.
May 6th.
May 7th.

May 9th.




May 13th.








May 18th.
May 20th.








My butthole is in so much pain I feel I feel I want to cry.
May 31st.
May 31st.
May 31st.
May 31st.
May 31st.
Why did a delivery person buy me an acting service when there's cette?
We own this dress.



Considering now is not the time to pay,
but there's going to
go up to make a better
difference.
It's just akas felt like a kind, because they'reiterally, that soft.
The intra disturbance tends to對 М.
May 6th, I saw a movie on TV where this guy gets his brains blown out with a gun.
The backside of his head was missing, but the front only had a small hole, a red dot, just like mine.
May 7th, I pawned my TV set and got a good deal on a gun, like the one in the movie.
I could only afford six bullets, but one is all I really need.
The red dot is getting bigger.
May 8th, I only have my gun and my transistor radio to keep me company.
Whenever I go outside, I hear the neighbors whisper.
I can't hear what they're saying, but I still hear their whispers, even in the night.
I try to stop breathing, to stop my heartbeat, and yet, no matter how quiet I become, I cannot make out what the whispers say.
What are they trying to tell me?
May 9th, the red dot has grown stronger.
I'm so big, I dare not leave my apartment during daylight hours.
Today, a policeman stopped me and asked if I was all right.
Of course I'm all right.
The problem is with everybody else.
If only they could see with my third eye.
May 10th, even at night, it is unsafe to leave my apartment.
Tonight, I looked up and discovered the entire sky was full of shining eyes looking down at me.
I can't stand it, all those eyes.
I want to gouge them out, but it would take light years to reach them.
May 11th, I listen to the radio a lot.
They cut off the power, but I still got batteries.
They haven't gotten my phone yet, so I can make requests for special songs.
Sometimes they even dedicate them.
I tell them to dedicate all music to William.
That's the name of my gun.
May 12th, I fell asleep to the radio,
and woke up with a voice in my brain.
This wasn't a whisper, but an anti-whisper.
A voice so loud, I couldn't help but obey it.
It told me to wake up, that all America had slept too long.
I did, and the voice kept talking to me.
He said his name was Prell, Alan Prell.
He told me to call a number and I did, and he spoke with me on the phone.
He asked me what I thought we should do about all the crime in the streets.
And I said we should shoot them all.
He said he liked me. I like him too.
I hope he talks to me again.
May 13th, once more, I went to sleep to the radio, but Prell didn't speak to me.
I waited and I waited, but he wouldn't speak to me.
I called the phone number, but the lady said he wouldn't speak to anyone for another six days.
I have six bullets. Isn't that a coincidence?
May 14th, the red dot has nearly covered my forehead.
I can't go outside anymore, not even with the hat.
My peanut butter and crackers are getting pretty low, but I still have plenty of Twinkies.
When I tried to call Prell, I discovered they had cut off my phone.
I wonder if he had anything to do with it.
May 15th, I'm out of peanut butter and crackers now.
From here on out, it's just me and the Twinkies.
The landlord came by and told me to pay or move out.
I showed him William, and he went away.
The red dot is so big now, I think it reaches into my brain.
I may no longer be the boss.
May 16th, the police came to kick me out, but I saw them coming, and climbed out the fire escape with William and my radio.
Found an empty shed up on the roof.
Look at me, Ma.
I'm on the top of the world.
May 17th, looking down at the streets from up here has improved my perspective.
Everyone looks like a bunch of ants.
If I had a big enough magnifying glass, I could just burn them all up.
But unfortunately, there's no sun during the night, and that's when most of the scum comes out.
The pushers, the pimps, the junkies, the living slime that evolved from out of the gutter.
I'm too good for this town.
I'd be wasting my talents wasting this scum.
What I need is a big time scum.
Somebody worth wasting.
May 18th, it rained today, and the shed roof leaked.
I had to spend most of my time keeping William dry.
I could see all the ants below running around trying to keep their dirt from getting rinsed off.
One day, a real rain will come and wash all this scum away.
And I'll say, I told you so.
May 19th, at last, Perel spoke to me again.
But this time, I had to go to a pay phone to call him on the air.
I told him I was running out of money calling him.
He called me a communist and hung up.
I called again, and he hung up on me again.
He thinks he's such a big shot.
I'll show him who's a big shot.
Right, William?
May 20th, I'm mad as hell, and I'm not going to take it any longer.
May 21st, I hear the voice consistently taunting me, teasing me, daring me to shut it up.
There's no way to be certain just when the decision was made.
Perhaps it was made a million years ago.
Only one thing is certain.
I must kill Alan Prowl.
May 22nd, today is just like yesterday, only more so.
May 23rd, now that I know my purpose, it'll be easier to go about my mission.
First, I'll give him one more warning, one last chance to redeem himself.
Then, I will pounce.
I will blow him away on the air for all the world to hear.
I know this is the only thing that I can do that everyone will appreciate.
I will be remembered for my poor but earnest contribution to mankind.
May 24th, I have no mirror.
I can't see the red dot, but I know it's there.
It hurts more and more.
May 25th, I confiscated some money from a mugger.
It's not the same as stealing, since he stole it from someone else.
I probably should have executed the bastard, but I don't want to waste my bullets.
I'm saving them for Prowl.
And I'm saving my money to call him up, too.
I want to give him one last warning.
May 26th, at last, I got my chance to call up Prowl on the air.
And I gave him his final warning.
The poor, unsuspecting fool.
I told him I was going to take him out, and he thought I meant lunch.
If he only realized how close his impending doom really is.
The other callers hate him, too.
There's not a jury in the land that would convict me.
I'll be a national hero.
Prowl's days are numbered.
Only six more to go.
May 27th.
It's Memorial Day today.
I put a towel on my head and went to the local cemetery.
I grabbed some flowers and looked all over the place for an appropriate place to plant them.
Why can't they ever organize those places in alphabetical order?
Finally, I found it.
The Prowl family crypt.
The flowers were already wilting by the time I left.
Only five more days.
May 28th.
There's a war going on in my mind.
A war between the whispers and the voice.
The voice yells,
Kill Prowl!
Kill Prowl!
Kill Prowl!
I still can't hear what the whispers are saying.
I guess the yeas have it.
Four more days.
May 29th.
I called the number again and got the address to the station where Prowl works.
It was so close.

It was so easy.
I told them I had a special delivery.
Do I ever.
Three more days.
May 30th.
Last night I had a dream.
I dreamed I was a radio talk show host and somebody came to shoot me.
Then, when I was dead, the police caught the guy, tossed him into prison and threw away the key.
In a few years, everyone forgot about the murder.
And the fellow in prison that committed the murder.
There's a moral to all this.
Dreams are stupid.
Who needs them?
May 31st.
Hey Prowl.
You talking to me?
You talking to me?
There's no one else here.
What's that, William?
He's talking to you?
One more day, Prowl, and you'll be talking to both of us.
June 1st.
I woke up today.
And discovered my headache was gone.
And the red dot was completely healed.
No more voices.
No more whispers.
No nothing.
I feel like a new man.
I've decided to leave this town.
Find a job.
Start a whole new life.
After I finish off Prowl!
HELLO!
It's just a plain pịt
I've no money.

And I got it so bad.

And it's going to be a very Women Techniques 굉장히 key condition,
I have to say.
All right, Jack.
What is this?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Well, there you have it.
The warped, twisted, murderous diary of a madman.
Recreated and dramatized from the original manuscripts.
As it was found amongst the smoldering ashes of the Assassin's Department.
The journal was protected in a fireproof strongbox.
Yet all other remains were rendered unrecognizable by the blaze.
Who knows?
The cold-blooded killer may still be at large.
I commissioned this tape at great emotional cost to me and the rest of the Prell clan.
It reopened many wounds that can never heal.
And yet, I felt it was necessary to warn you, the listener.
Of the constant danger.
Of the constant danger we, the proponents of free speech, face on a daily basis.
My dearly beloved son, Alan Prell Jr., has already paid the ultimate price in blood.
That dark day, June 2nd, 1985, is a day that shall live in infamy.
Lest we forget.
Alas.
One day you may turn on the radio to discover me missing.
How I shall be silenced is unknown.
Be it by bullet, stroke, or the stroke of a pen.
There is no way.
There is no way.
There is no way to predict how the enemies of democracy will attack.
But attack they most certainly will.
And the only one question remains.
And that is, will you, my fellow American, respond to the call to arms?
Will you prevent the flag of freedom from falling?
If so, speak now or forever hold your peace.
Because you're going to need that peace to protect yourself from those out to shut you up.
Take it from me, Alan Prell Sr.
I learned the hard way.
Through the sacrifice of my firstborn.
Alan Jr.
1946 to 1985.
I cannot go on.
But fortunately, fortunately we're about out of time.
So until next week, this is Papa Prell saying so long till next time again and God bless.
And God bless you too, Alan.
We know you're up there somewhere.
And we'll keep carrying the torch as long as God and Arbitron permit.
And we'll keep carrying the torch as long as God and Arbitron permit.
Oh yes, dear friends.
And time is running out for your weekly hour of slack.
Yes, it's the end of...
That's as much slack as you're going to get this week.
At least according to the word of Bob.
He may be able to find slack some other way.
In fact, you should stay tuned to do just that.
In the meantime...
If you really think you want to know...
Please feel free to write for free information from that pleasant post office box here in Dallas, Texas.
I'm going to give that number because I know you want to hear it.
That's right.
Write to Bob for free information from post office box 1403.
That's right. Write to Bob for free information from post office box 1403.
Right here in Dallas, Texas.
75214.
I'll give that number again.
Because I know some of you were just too...
You know...
To get it the first time.
That's...
Bob.
At post office box 1403.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
75214.
Hey, we really enjoyed it,
and we can't wait to see you again next week.
We'll see you then.
We'll see you then.
We'll see you then.
We'll see you then.
We'll see you then.
We'll see you then.
We'll see you then.
We'll see you then.
