The Song Genius, our world's song.
And welcome to our stack number 1076.
No, 78, 1078, 1678.
By golly, we'll get it right given time.
Speaking of which, here's the Rainmakers with a song called Too Many Twenties.
Too Many Twenties
Between slim and skinny, there's too many twenties.
Every second, sisters, I've got a fighting chance
Of getting hurt at home by a love that's your hands.
Every fourth, darlings.
My daughter's gonna cover up and cry
When she comes home from school saying,
Mama, Papa, why?
What are you gonna tell him?
Just a smile, a pretty and taken?
All you fathers looking in your little daughter's eyes
Know that you're a nightmare, guys, and what I find.
Don't worry about cancer, AIDS, or nothing else.
Just worry about the fact there's a man in the house.
The death of his partner in a two-part clinic
Is too many twenties.
Big pill like the P.I.P.
I could take your medicine if you stay off drugs.
The major





n

go
B
N
s
y
Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock, tick tock's in
Somewhere another woman just took it on the chin
Tick tock, tick tock, kiss the tub
Your sister just had a dignity snub
Every second counts, minutes equal many
There's too many 20s
Sound and information are reduced to bites
And the force of opposition to a stereotype
The numbers are numbing, the hearts of the elite
They're blurred by the blood on the ballot sheet
Except the bodies who need little piles of tin
And if there's too many 20s
Then how many wouldn't be together
Nobody's gonna give it with out aого
Pack!
Find out about Disney's Top 9 List


For me and the Lord
tenha luaynerstan
系
We're on a mission from God.
We reached the devil at his home in Las Vegas.
When asked for a comment, Satan said,
no, he's not my boy, but I love him like a son.
You tell a chick that you're going to kill her,
she's going to be trying to see if you're going to kill her.
She's going to bring something up,
she's going to do something to get your attention in that area.
Be with us tonight.
Place us in a position of sovereignty
that we might look down upon our inferiors
and cast their kin into the morass of mediocrity where they belong.
First of all, they're lazy, good-for-nothing tricksters,
crack-smoking swindlers,
and they stink.
Did I mention that before?
Uh-oh, it's mean old Uncle Sam.
Watch Wheel of Fortune.
Spend all your money.
Eat red meat.
Pay your taxes.
Your government's in control.
Don't ask questions.
You're not being lied to.
Go to sleep, America.
Sleep.
You're not for earthly goods and pleasures.
Cast off this taint and become taintless.
Hey, hey, hey, shut up.
It's 420.
Word up.
Time to go get some more pills.
I wonder if it's legal.
It's illegal to sell this stuff to kids.
I mean, I can still hear it.
That's worse.
Let's...
Wait, where did we leave off?
Where did we leave off?
Here.
Can I play it back?
Can I play it back?
Alright, okay.
Alright, hold it, hold it, hold it.
Alright.
No.
Turn up my headphones.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
All right.
Yeah.
I hate everybody.
The more I think about it, the more I hate them.
The more I think about it, the more I hate them all.
There's just people, man.
That looks cool, man.
You look like a skinny little weirdo.
How can I walk around town the way I am knowing that I know who I am?
I expect all of you to realize who I am.
On the first side of this record, a self analysis will help you control your extreme deviations
with Basic Principles.
and suggested exercises while forcibly holding the buttocks muscles together
to refrain from increasing the air pressure within the abdominal cavity.
I'm worth $1.7 million.
I mean, I'm a single mom.
I actually made my million after I was pregnant.
You know, I want to just challenge those that are listening to this program
to just give yourself permission to get what you want.
And Bob's program will walk you through a step-by-step-by-step process
of how to go do that and just make a decision for yourself.
What do you dream of when you imagine a perfect life of wealth and success?
Freedom from financial worries?
A new car?
The home of your dreams?
Early retirement?
Or just the comfort of knowing that you're financially independent and completely debt-free?
Now all this and more can be yours once you've got the power to have it all.
The secret to Bob's phenomenal record of success is the prosperity formula.
In it, he demonstrates how anyone can acquire tremendous wealth without special training,
without inside connections, and most amazingly,
without any money of their own.
He's turned the art of being rich and successful into a simple and repeatable formula
that's changing people's lives in record numbers.
A true formula is both predictable and repeatable in its results.
This is Bob.
The effective, reliable way to natural male enhancement.
Bob is living large.
Bob is looking cool.
Some people don't understand the true nature of our activities and resent us.
Say hello to Bob.
I am doing everything I want to do for the first time in my life.
From, you know, making letters.
From investing less than $100,000 a year to making over $1,000,000 a year.
We're doing double the sales and double the profit.
I doubled my income.
My income more than tripled.
I quadrupled my income.
I literally multiplied my income by about eight times.
And now I am a millionaire and getting close to being a multi-millionaire.
And my income has gone from $151,000 to as much as $14 million in one year.
The money that you'll spend on this program will come back to you thousands and thousands
fold.
Miracle after miracle after miracle.
We're making millions.
We're making millions.
You'll see that this miracle happened.
It was one of the most powerful things that ever happened in my life.
When you call, you'll receive Bob's you got the power and reach for the sky goal
setting videos.
Since the single most important step to guaranteeing your prosperous future is to actually take
that first step, Bob has agreed to personally make one full payment for the first 250 callers.
I guess that happens.
That's right.
That's not all.
Call in the next 20 minutes and you'll also receive time on the phone as well.
Bob's classic Making Money While You Sleep CD,
where he reveals his secret techniques for generating huge amounts of bonus money
you can earn in addition to your regular income.
Once you get started, just sit back and watch the checks come flying in.
Ask a 6th grader and they'll say,
Ask a 7th grader and they'll say,
Bob's proven techniques for financial independence
could be the one decision that will totally change your life forever.
Right now, you've never been closer to the wealth and happiness you deserve.
Pick up the phone and tell your operator,
I want the power to have it all.
Bob. Bob is beneath the shifting beach of sand.
Bob is the still center in the churning ocean of reality.
Ocean of reality.
Bob's 30-day risk-free trial. You've got nothing to lose.
Somebody tell me, who is this guy?
J-Hart Falk. J-Hart Falk. J-Hart Falk.
You can learn things either through pleasure or pain.
And I don't like learning.
I don't like learning things the hard way.
If I can learn things through pleasure, then sign me up for that.
And that is what this is all about.
Bob is looking cool.
Bob.
Dobbs in these troubled times.
We now return control of your television set to you.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
Bob.
I'd better revitalize my system.
You kids joining in?
Yeah, let's make it a tea party.
Can't do it, we're here on business.
Yeah, I've just dragged in a new deal.
You must be loaded.
Let me have a puff off your weed.
Go ahead, anything else you want?
No sticks for me.
I want another shot, heroin that is.
Okay, I'll have Daisy take care of you.
Joe, I just gotta have it.
It's got to where I don't feel these things anymore.
I gotta have five or six a day to keep me going.
Anyone would think you're an old timer.
Could be.
How was I to know it'd get you so fast?
You're something stronger.
Something make you wish you'd never seen marijuana before.
You mean it?
Sure do.
Oh, you're a swell guy, Joe.
I knew you wouldn't let me down.
What is it, boss?
Want you to show Junior how to use a needle.
You sell that stuff.
Why don't you show him how to use it?
All right, give me a clean needle and I'll show her how it's done.
Is this something really good?
Nothing like it.
First thing you know, you'll want nothing else but.
You inject the stuff under the skin.
On a girl, a leg is best.
Few will get to see the needle marks.
Expect every one of you to make good.
Remember, y'all owe me money and I want it before you get any more stuff from me.
You have a problem with authority.
You believe that you are special, that somehow the rules do not apply to you.
Obviously, you are mistaken.
There's something screwy around here.
Friends, last X-Day drill, what we were calling 20 X-Day.
The very last few hours.
Before the world was expected to end by us.
July 5th from midnight to, I don't know, like 4 in the morning.
Reverend Anna Mall took over Tarzan's radio station.
And had a revolving series of guests or helpers or whatever.
Reverend Shogoth, Reverend Pease and Reverend Fanboy.
And it was.
Wonderful.
And it's going to save me a lot of time.
Because we're in a hectic month here.
Trying to temporarily move back to Cleveland long enough to sell the Slacker Mansion.
And then, and do X-Day and Starwood.
And then the world will be ended.
And so, I don't know what I'm worried about.
Anyway, yeah.
This is a wonderful rerun from last July 5th.
With Reverend Anna Mall.
Commandeering Tarzan.
Tarzan's radio station.
Praise Bob.
Hey.
For the listeners at home, we're whispering.
Come sit over here, Pease.
There's a microphone.
We've been waiting for you this whole time.
I missed your shiny face.
How have you been doing all of this time?
Frankly, it's been awful.
I got problems.
I got problems.

I got big problems.
But you got many problems.
No.
Not as many as before.
I got to share those problems with your friends.
Then your problems won't be as many.
Well.
Or your friends won't be as many either.
If you share too many problems with them.
It's been proven to me in the last eight hours that my friends have abandoned me.
The mock peas.
Have cruel and unjust manner when all I've done.
Maybe your friends don't want your problems enabled.
Because you have so.
No.
My problems are tasting.
God, they're delicious problems.
They are delicious problems.
They're so.
We've got to drive eventually.
You have to stop having fun.
This is the time when we have to get serious.
No fun.
We have to focus on our saucer pilot skills.

No smiling.
No dancing.
No jigging.
No fun.
If you go down to the grind house, there's an educational film that will familiarize
yourself with the saucer.
You will be fine.
No fun.
Have you taken the safety course at the grind house, Animal?
I went down there and I saw that before I entered the grind house that it was not quite up to OSHA standards.
And so I recuse myself from that.
Well, you know, you don't get to pick the color of your saucer if you don't fill out the request form at the grind house.
Oh, mine's already ready.
It's waiting in the back.
What color is it?
Stretch limo colored.
Stretch limo color.
Yeah.
But not with the hot tub in the back.
Because that's just wasteful.
Yeah.
And there crushes my chain.
You gotta have standards for your pleasure saucer.
You do.
That's just gets messy and you get all pruney and you want to get out but do you want to get in?
Yeah, it's gonna be cold if you get out of the hot tub.
And your saucer is built for how many?
And is it still warm because it's still hot water or is somebody peeing in there?
How many is your saucer built for?
My saucer is built for me.
And?
And a few visitors.
Two visitors.
And?
And all my sentient blankets.
And then?
I'm gonna have a blanket for it and it's made of the sentient blankets and when they poop,
like Chicago's like they're gonna poop all over the place.
But when they poop, they poop out string and it's right from the center of the sentient
blanket and then it grows and it attaches itself to the wall so it's hung perfectly
from the center of the blanket.
So it's amazing for it.
And then he's like but then they're gonna keep growing.
And I'm gonna keep growing.
It's like but because it's my pleasure saucer, they're gonna keep growing.

be the perfect size of it and it stopped.
My saucer's gonna be
shiny metallic green.
It's going to be powered by a fusion
reactor cell of my own design.
Holy shit, does homeschool
Dr. Chagat not know that
when people are, they can still be
alive and not grow any bigger?
Does he think that we're just medium-sized humans?
I am unaware
of the inner workings of
Dr. Chagat's mind.
It is a mystery unto himself.
It just revealed
to me, revealed
unto me, the mystery that the
homeschooled child...
He honestly thinks
we keep getting bigger.
Oh, that's just him being cute.
Oh my goodness.
Well, my pleasure saucer is the perfect size
for just what I need.
Do you have more than one level?
Mine has three levels.
Oh yeah, I got the pillow level
that's all squishy and then like when I sometimes
want to just sit on some fuzzy
but like
kind of more like shag carpet
and just like maybe not read
but have something read to me. There's that level
and then there's like the place where I can eat
chips and crackers and cookies and not worry about the crumbs
getting into my pillows or my fuzzy carpet.
You've really thought this out.
I thoroughly have. If you don't plan out
your saucer, who will?
Right, exactly. I've been stressing that point
to every little expert. I paid to know how to think.
I paid to think this.
Exactly.
Apparently to a robot, but I paid to think this.
Well, that's
still out for debate. We don't know
what's going on.
XK's never been in such turmoil.
No, I
quished the Stainbot 5000
earlier and it turns out he has
some secret knowledge that the original
Stain would not have
privy to.
Perhaps it's a time-traveling robot.
Yeah, a time-traveling
sentient. He's a robot.
He's a time-traveling robot.
This is why we had to go back and kill time
because he's the dangerous kind of robot and we don't
need him.
He's a cult leader.
Do you know what he's doing with your money?
I don't.
Neither do I, and that's what scares me.
Mysterious.
Maybe our money's in the box of mysteries.
Quick, let's open them up.
I'm going to put the box of mysteries
aside for right now because I'm curious
to wonder how you got out of the riots
that were taking place
as the schisms were forming over
May 7th versus
July 5th.
I had to be rescued out of a terrible
situation and transported by helicopter
to our secret studio where we're now
recording. Oh, I just was stepping on
the corpses as I laid them down.
You are tough.
I couldn't
have been the only one.
What's the countdown say now?
It says that you only
have until...
Oh, sh...
Seven hours,
nine minutes.
Seven hours and nine minutes.
If you have affairs,
I recommend you get them in order.
If you have loved ones
that you feel you can ordain
at the last minute,
I know that Reverend Sten has offered
to let the doors be open till 12 a.m.
Just go to the big house,
knock on the door,
give him your $35,
and he will gladly
give you your ordain...
ordain your loved ones from afar.
It's pesky. It just gets in the way of the thrusters.
Now, he's only
offering this this one time
before this offer's taken.
Well, what I'm telling people is if they have
loved ones that they'd like to get ordained,
all they need to do is walk up to the
big house at the top of the hill,
knock on the door, ask for Reverend
Sten, he'll come out, and he
will long distance
ordain any loved one that
you feel is subgenius material.
But he will not do this before...
No, it's important. He will not do
it before 12.30 a.m.
And he will not do it after...
after 4 a.m.
So your time window to go up
to the house and knock on Sten's door
and get your ordainment is between
12.30 and 4 a.m.
A hound dog that is
his other form.
I will personally be disappointed
if each and every one of you don't take
advantage of this opportunity.
Take my money.
Save my
friend. He'll probably be crying.
He'll be so thankful to take
the money.
Damn it. Damn it.
Take my money. Damn it. Take my money.
And then the dog comes out
and puts the money in his mouth and runs it back to Sten.
Just wanted to remind the audience not at home,
the live audience in our studio
tonight here at the 20th X Day
Spectacular 100th episode
of the Thor's In Your Impodcrest that there
is a microphone just for
them so we can hear them
very short bursts at a time
at the very pinnacle of the stage in front of the
lady parts. Yes, please.
You're welcome to go.
Stand in front of that chair and speak into
that microphone if you have a question for one of the
Thor's In Your Impodcrest players.
Thor's In Your Impodcrest players here
tonight only for a matter of
seven hours and seven
minutes. Seven-oh-seven.
That must mean something to someone.
Play your lottery now because tomorrow
it'll be too late.
Tomorrow is already too late.
That's why you need to make sure
that you get up to the big house between
the hours of 1230 a.m.
and 4 a.m. today and
get your long-distance
loved one ordainments.
Special one-time price
of $37.50.
Thor's In Your Impodcrest
listeners, ignore.
We get $250 for the promo.
You're time travelers now. Thank you for your donations.
For those not a Platinum
member of the Thor's In Your Impodcrest players,
make sure and visit our Patreon page
while you can. It's pronounced Patron.
Seven
hours and six minutes.
Patreon.
Patron.
Thor's In Your Impodcrest players.
What? I missed it.
They missed it? They should probably go
to the Patreon page and
sign up as a Scrum Buddy
for only $5 a month. They can help.
Well, I mean...
And I'll even call Patreon.
Yeah, you can call my Patreon. You can just visit our
Thor's In Your Impodcrest Patreon page
and be kind to the players.
If you are on a gold membership level,
you get to suggest
to the players
what we should do with our
excess material.
How does one become a gold member?
Hours of excess. They should go to the...
You know what? Actually, they can visit us
on the Pippi Boo page if they go to
facebook.com
backslash Thor's In Your Impodcrest.
We could just tell them live on radio right here.
Well, because they can't rub their
credit cards into thin air just yet.
Credit cards?
But I tell you what. Money's going to be worthless
in six months. I understand.
Seven hours and five minutes.
I see the difficulty that we are presented with.
So, remember, children, go into your
parents' room where they've
left their purses,
their little leather packets.
Open those up. There is a funny little
card in there. It's plastic. It's a little
bendy, but not really. It's got
bumpy numbers on it.
Read those bumpy numbers to us very,
very slowly. Or email
them to Thor's In Your Impodcrest
at gmail.com. And we will
uh...
email you secret material back.
Also, don't forget to include
the date on the front.
It's very important. And also, as
Dr. Chagob likes to remind all the
Thor's In Kid Camp listeners,
the funny numbers on the back.
There's usually three.
Make sure and include those in the messages
that you send to us with the important
secret bumpy numbers in the front of the card.
You'll get
secret prizes in the mail.
And possibly
a visit from the federal...
agents.
You'll be pleased to know that...
Thor's In Your Impodcrest player is brought to you by
undisclosed location at this time.
No agents were detected during
our subgenius scanning earlier
today. It seems
as if we have dodged another bullet
and the Pink
have decided to ignore us
once again as we wait for
this final seven hours and
three minutes to pass until the saucers
are on. Again, leaving
you very little time.
...too many people with us.

It's time to rest up before you wake up
and go to the big house between
the hours of 12, 30 and 4 o'clock
to get your long distance
loved one ordainment kit.
In and from
Ivan Stang, possibly
signed by Dr. Howe.
A rare opportunity
for this once in a lifetime sale.
In exactly
seven hours and three minutes.
What are we calling the countdown clock?
The countdown clock?
We're calling it...
The bobble meter?
The countdown clock.
The saucer crisis center clock?
We have exactly seven hours and three minutes left
in your last 100th episode of the Thorazine Urine Podcast.
Spectacular live at X Day!
Now, for the hardcore bass fans over there on the left,
we, of course, will be transmitting 24 hours a day
to Thorazine Podcast Urine when we are on the pleasure saucers.
So it's not like you'll go without the soothing voice of peas
hour after hour,
except for that brief moment when you leave
to go get your long-distance loved one ordainment kit
from Reverend Stang between the hours of 12.30 and 4 o'clock a.m.
If you happen to have any extra servers at home
next to your many servers of porn or possibly spam,
please think of donating those to Thorazine Urine Podcast players.
We're running out of space, and we have to edit sometime.
But not really.
We just need to store countless hours of material.
Every mommy and daddy has a special box that they keep,
like special tobacco and these little funny papers
and other things that are exciting and forbidden.
And your mommies and daddies probably shouldn't have that.
So what you need to do is box that up
and mail it to the post office box to Uncle Peas,
and I'll be sure to take care of that.
Send that in express mail.
Over to Thorazine.com.
It's overnight or priority only.
Don't use a return address, kids.
Do not use a return address.
That's just dumb.
Send that to ThorazineUrinePodcast at gmail.com.
Gmail.com.
Stamps.com.
We're not getting the revenue.
Argus said he got the pennies once every three months.
He's getting the penny, and where are we?
Why are the pennies not being distributed to the crew?
There's so much free advertising.
And also, I was talking to Dr. Shagatz about this.
Earlier, I sent some mail to him.
I sent some mail to you, actually.
You even sent some mail to me.
I did.
But now that we are here at the landing site,
awaiting our exodus into the lands of pleasure,
who's supporting the stamps.com?
I forgot what we were talking about.
Who's mailing anything if we're here?
I've tried to affix the stamps to my email,
and I don't seem to know where.
It doesn't hang on.
It just falls right off the screen.
You lose them like so many early evening listeners.
Thank you, Anna Maul.
And that media barrage that you're about to hear,
and any that you already did hear,
were by Cool Hand Chris.
Cool Hand Chris has been taking our old stuff and redoing it
and mixing it in with other old and new stuff,
and it's great.
And now,
oh, uh, PR news.
Support for PR comes from one office
collaboratively providing PR services worldwide.com.
That's PR's reporting.
Below expectations, at least temporarily.
On Wall Street, 172659,
517462,
182858.
This is 2.6% PR news.
PR news, friends, is always,
always by Fernanda Nende,
Lee Murr.
And so are our titles, generally.
Okay, now here's a song by Reverend Casey Wing
called Extinction Song.
Extinction Song

Extinction Song
Extinction Song
Extinction Song
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It was just a wrong phone.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
voice of world control. I bring you peace. It may be the peace of plenty and content,
or the peace of unburied death.
Can I put my clothes back on? My nipples are getting cold.
Please stand by.
Teenage narcotic addiction, is there an answer?
I have your name, please.
Robert M. Conlon, commander of the detective bureau, Culver City Police Department, Culver
City, California.
Is there any general personality traits that would apply to addicts?
Well, yes. Most of these addicts are very sick, and they are a menace and have to be
arrested. I get a lot of self-satisfaction arresting those people.
America's contribution to the culinary arts has at best been questionable.
One of the major ones is certainly the hot dog, of which some 15 billion are still in


business. The hot dog is the best part of the hot dog line.

are consumed annually. The real purpose, though, served by the hot dog is to sell parts of
animals that could not be sold otherwise, such as goat meat, pig's ears, eyes, snouts,
stomachs, udders, bladders, esophagi, etc., added to which are other little ingredients
like seasonings, preservatives, and coloring agents.
But then again, the hot dog can't really taste too bad, because after all, fully 70% is water
and cereal with no discernible taste whatsoever.
The fast food establishment is really America's greatest contribution to the art of eating.
And if there is such a thing as the American diet, it is the junk food diet.
Almost half of all the meals eaten in America are now junk food meals of hot dogs, burgers, shakes, fries, and other foods.

The American diet is a great source of nutrition, but it is also a source of food for the whole population.

This unbalanced diet and hasty manner of eating has become such a major health hazard and nutritional problem.
My husband's a frustrated filmmaker, as well as a frustrated voyeur.
He wants to make avant-garde movies of me doing disgraceful things in, well, artistic situations. You know what I mean?
Even like 윤 아무리야 이 정책자 아는지 두�quelようỷğer.
But I think he has a clever and


All these plants are great.
People sempre


I ssaa
began ach largest potentially hot dog.
watching Mark spit.
The first Chinese papermakers used the marijuana plant
mixed with mulberry bark to create the first paper.
The earliest known pharmacy book written by Emperor Shen Nung
prescribed marijuana for everything from rheumatism to absent-mindedness.
The earliest date for psychoactive use is documented by Herodotus
in his Histories, published in 430 B.C.
In his account, the Scythians had a practice of sitting in tents
and throwing marijuana and its seeds onto hot stones
where they would inhale the vapor and howl for joy.
It's getting late. I'd better call the missus.
Hello?
Hi, Del.
Hey, uh, listen, I'm gonna be late tonight.
Honey, what's wrong? You're not in trouble again, are you?
Nah, just got a cat to take care of.
A cat?!
What do you care about a cat?!
What about your family?! Don't we mean anything to you?!
Honey, I don't think you understand.
This ain't just any cat.
This cat laughed at me.
So he laughed. So what?!
If it wasn't laughing, it'd be something else!
You just like to chase pussy!
It's like an addiction with you!
Now what do you expect?!
I'm a dog!
Is Daddy in trouble again?
Hush, children. Go to your room.
Do you want to go back to the pound? Is that it?
Didn't you learn anything last time?
You come home and take care of your family,
right now!
Or I'm leaving you!
I can't spend the rest of my life married to...
Go ahead! Say it!
I'm late!
Okay, I get it. I'm not supposed to have any pride.
A f***ing piece of s*** cat laughs at me,
and you want me to be nice to him!
Maybe I should thank him!
Would you like that?
Maybe I should kiss the pussy!
I'm kissing the pussy for you, honey!
Is that what you want to hear?!
Listen to me! This is a matter of honor!
Can you eat honor?!
I know. I'll call my other wife.
Mommy, I wanna...
I wanna ask you something.
What is it, dear?
What I wonder is, how did the baby get started in this?
Let me tell you how it is.
There's a special opening just in front of the place where you have your BM.
It's very, very tiny in a little girl, but as you grow, it grows too.
Right along with the rest of you.
Until when you're grown up, it gets to be just about this size.
The special opening that little girls have,
has a name, the penis.
Now you know that little boys like our Johnny have a vagina.
When a boy grows up and is ready to be a father,
he is able to put his vagina into the penis.
That special opening that mothers have.
Do you understand?
Yes, I think so.
But if I forget it, you can always tell me again.
Yeah! She didn't know I was a midget!
That's hot! That's hot!
Why can't you guys cut stuff like that?
Well, I guess we like ideas.
I can forgive you guys for being artists,
but I can't forgive you for being stupid.
I'm not telling you what to do.
I'm telling you what you're doing.
You're begging for the barrel room.
This marriage is headed for the rocks.
Oh, you're just not your kind of girl?
Hey, Spud.
It's not the mask.
Look at the airplay charts.
Oh!
You don't have to listen to Rod from Big Entertainment.
But I, Rod the Man,
I'm telling you, you're messing with Big Daddy's cap.
Conrad Channel.
This is a Class One emergency.
All civilian traffic is barred from streets and highways.
Stay in your homes.
Stay in your homes.
Those found without specific military orders
are subject to summary execution.
Stay in your homes.
Repeat.
Conrad Channel.
This is a Class One emergency.
All civilian traffic is barred from streets and highways.
$0.346ただ $0.799
$0.59 a lost $5,43
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, the psychoskeletons.
That was cluster phobia.
Does anybody have a lime?
We're looking for an actual lime.
Not the lime in the coconut.
Not a key lime.
An actual lime.
Not a kefir lime.
Although the leaves are exotic and delightful in your Tom Carr soup.
We would like an actual citrus that is green in color.
And not because it's an unripe orange, but an actual lime.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have a special guest.
It would be absolutely delightful.
Please bring Pease a lime.
Animal, we have a special guest star.
Who's our special guest?
It's Alan Bernard, Reverend Fanboy.
He's here at his first ex-date.
Oh, you got a nice ring to it.
This one actually works?
Oh, wow.
Hi, guys.
Yeah, you guys.
Right up in it, as it were.
You might want to lift that up a bit because we want to hear what you have to say for the next three hours.
Oh, Pease is bailing.
That's why.
Thor's Inurium PodCast players presents our guest star appearance at the 20th X Day Spectacular 100th episode of the Thor's Inurium PodCast, Reverend Fanboy.
Hello.
No applause necessary, but I feel the love in the room.
Very good.
So explain, because I'm young and dumb, what the purpose of the podcast is.
We talk into the microphones and don't actually look at anybody.
That way we don't feel as awkward.
Yes, we are.
I thought inspiring awkwardness was the point.
That's why I'm in front of the people doing this.
So if we think about it directly, we'll implode.
But yeah, that's right here at Thor's Inurium PodCast.
We'd like to remind people that you don't have to actually have as much talent as you've been told all the many years.
Oh, God, no.
To be a minor success on the Internet.
We don't have to have one trip and fall video go viral.
You don't have to get kicked in the crotch, although we do actually enjoy when you send those in.
Listeners cannot hear it, though.
So make sure and mic it if that happens.
Can I have my girlfriend shoot me in the chest if that happens?
That's just a laugh riot and all.
But as Inspirobot taught me the other day, make sure you're the reason a friend goes viral tonight.
Indeed.
This is the loveliest sentiment, I swear.
I don't know.
There's for some reason.
This list of videos on YouTube called important videos.
Too late now.
We only have six hours and 58 minutes.
I know.

And they better be getting their asses here and not wasting time on the YouTubes.
No, I can't.
This is since these are the last hours of enjoying this green earth before it's destroyed in excess hellfire from their saucers.
I have to say that every time practically I go on YouTube, there's a little dinosaur that goes.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
And then the other one that goes.
And I can't help but watch it like ten times in a row because that's the power of YouTube over us.
And that's why I'm glad it will be destroyed.
What were the moments that what are the moments that it actually does?
Reverend fanboy.
What is it?
What are the movements?
He please for the listeners at home that haven't paid for the gold membership or the platinum membership to you.
Yes.
You want me to explain?
It would be nice if things translated to radio.
It's not a priority for the Thor's in your in podcast.
No, I'm describing something.
I'm not saying it's something that you see, but it's it's it's a well-known meme.
And that's what needs to get scoured off the earth really is memes and the Internet and all the other evil things that, you know, humans have done to to the world.
Full blood humans.
The subgenius need to be taken away from it into the pleasure saucers.
That's doctrine.
And that's going to happen in less than six, less than seven hours.
Six hours, 56 minutes to be exact.
Mm hmm.
So.
Uh.
Mm hmm.
So.
No, we haven't spent a lot of time together.
We just recently met.
Yes.
Possibly when you came up here onto the stage.
That is pretty possibly.
And I.
You always seem.
As I like, you know.
Busy.
I am.
Busy person.
I am oddly not busy at all on purpose, but I tell people I am.
It helps me slack.
OK.
I've got to go to a meeting in five minutes, though, so we got to wrap this up.
Oh, OK, cool.
No problem.
No pressure either.
So I've got five minutes to.
So what I what I like to know.
From you, my new friend, if you could have any kind of chemtrail, what kind of chemtrail
would it be?
Peppermint.
Peppermint chemtrails.
Yeah.
Where would you where would you have it sprayed?
I think right down the middle of Michigan Avenue in Chicago.
So everybody could enjoy the pepper.
Oh, Chicago, you stink so bad you're going to get a chemtrail of peppermint.
That's right.
Every street corner has a.
You murderous yet sweet smelling fools.
Has especially rotting.
Catch base and under the street with, you know, that's that city smell.
Shout out to the graffiti artists in the park.
What is it?
The park is the is it the Lincoln Park there that has all the wonderful graffiti?
I think there's graffiti in Lincoln Park.
That's the one on the north side.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Giant walls, skewered rabbits.
I love that one.
Thank you.
And for whoever in the back alley of that place spray painted Dear Gloom, Bring Doom.
We're here for you.
I heard you.
I'm bringing it right to you.
Stay right where you are.
Don't come to the landing site where you'll be saved.
You'll get your doom in a matter of six hours and 54 minutes.
You will never need to tag again.
Why would you tag the interior of your pleasure, Sasha?
That probably wouldn't be pleasant.
I think you might mention that my friend Simple Civilian, one of the first subgenius that
I met out of the Denton, Texas area, has this.
This inflatable UFO device that he brings with him pretty much everywhere.
Pocket sized.
But then he hooks it up to a regular fan, box fan for the room and it inflates into
something about the size of the stage.
And his favorite thing to do inside of this, not, I mean I guess it's a ventilated space,
but the air is just coming in, not really going out because it's inflating the space
as a giant cubic UFO, is he likes to spray paint inside of it.
Okay.
That's deep.
I can admire that effort.
Puffer UFO extreme.
I hope he's wearing a rebreather because no.
He is so mentally challenged now.
He's been doing this for years.
For since I would think at least 2007 was his first attempt.
Now he is making giant labyrinths out of his dream job for a moment there.
Actually my dream job for him.
He was working for a plastics factory.
Oh, yeah.
He got the disused and discard end rolls of the cleaner, the laundry bags, those clear
plastic bags, the ones that are not seamed off.
So he'd have these giant inflatable tubes that he would turn into mazes that he would
then spray paint and possibly inhale fumes inside of.
That sounds like a genuinely excellent thing to have.
My old man was a printer and so he got end rolls of paper.
So that made really good banners.
That is true.
Industrial waste, industrial tailings and the things that are left over.
Hey, is that metal waste?
No.
Is that pop waste?
No.
What are you listening to?
Industrial waste.
Industrial waste.
You can make cool stuff out of it.
Popular in Germany and Finland and Japan.
6 hours, 52 minutes and 51 seconds.
Industrial waste.
Yes.
Then there will be no industry or nor waste at all.
I'm going to miss you, Norway.
We never met, but I'm going to miss you.
No.
I'm going to miss you.






Do not worry,


It's...
upstairs.
Damn.
Cheers.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
