This is Doug Smith, radio operator.
I'm going to bring you a piece of that green cheese for sure.
Somehow, Bob's like it!
No trouble. Just get set and get going.
Hey, hear me. Recording. Everything's going fine. No trouble.
Welcome potential initiates, and remain with us for the next 30 minutes.
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
Bob?
The message is now part of and registered in your subconscious mind
every time you say, see, hear, or think.
What about slack?
That's your key phrase.
It will trigger the entire message without your being aware of it.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, sacred scribe of the First Orthodox Megafist Temple Lodge of the Church of the Subgenius,
with Pastor Buck Naked of the First Naked Church of the Subgenius.
The opinions expressed are not necessarily those of this radio station.
Before the sermon, a message concerning Bob Dobbs.
Bob Dobbs.
Living avatar of slack and saint of sales on planet Earth.
Insert a thumb under the upper lip.
Has this ever happened to you?
Why, I should have been there, Ted. It was great.
There was free booze, great music, one of the best parties I ever went to.
Where were you that night?
Oh, I just kind of stayed home and watched TV.
I guess I should have gone, huh?
Didn't you feel stupid?
Didn't you wish you could go back to that night, that party?
Well, maybe now there's a way to learn how to do that very thing.
Introducing Bob's School of Time Control.
At Bob's, you'll learn how to speed time.
So turn.
And make time run backwards.
But most importantly, you'll be learning how to make time work for you.
How, you may ask.
Well, just ask this man here, an actual graduate of Bob's School of Time Control.
One day, my dog ran out in front of a truck.
Blango.
My dog was dead.
Was I sad?
Sad till I met Bob.
Bob showed me how I could go back, get the registration number for the car,
do a slip job on the brakes, and wouldn't you know it,
that truck went off into a ditch and burst into flames just exactly a block
before he could hit old Booger.
Ain't that right, fella?
Yes, just imagine the horrible things that could be undone tomorrow
if you had only gone to Bob's School of Time Control today.
Courses start yesterday, but you can catch up.
Just right.
Bob's School of Time Control, the universe.
Bob's School of Time Control.
The Division of Subgenius Industries Unlimited.
All town, 13L.
Clear launch area.
Okay, launch area's clear.
All right, look at those.
Central control processor on.
Thank you.
Air locks closed.
My air lock's closed.
Recon vessels, well, this is base control.
Commence free departure, Jack Stegman.
Show is starting up.
Life support systems functional.
All right.
You want to turn on the main?
All right.



Show mode is on.
We're going to broadcast.
Oh, we're already broadcasting.
Primary and secondary circuit tests commencing now.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Nice green lights across the board.
Yes, the show is warming up.
Yes, and you can see your radio light up,
and if you look inside the speakers real close,
you may be able to see the picture.
Free departure check sequence complete.
Thank you.
Awaiting navigational input interface for base computer.
Okay, here we go.
Open phone lines tonight.
All right, please.
Phone lines are open.
All right.
Energize the caller, please.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry hour of slack.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
And we'll be orbiting your area for the next hour,
carrying the message, the seed word,
of the faith of Bob, the faith in Bob, FIB, we call it.
Can you keep up the FIB, friend?
You want to dump the main shunts?
Thank you.
All right.
The show is right up on the green lines, doctor.
The show is fully on the line.
We will be landing on another show.
We will be docking with another show tonight.
Pardon me.
You can't land.
You can't land on another show.
We'd cause a nuclear explosion.
We'll be docking with show four from San Francisco tonight.
And hold onto your seats and...
Oh!
God!
God!
Oh!
Oh!
They pinned!
Dump him!
Dump!
Dump!

No matter how much you shake and dance, the last few drops go down your pants.
Hit me!
Hit me!
Hit me!
Hit me!


Hit me!
Hit me!
Hit me!
We're gonna rock the world.

R Fortunately, we got it.
D The killer вып
Did you see my ass?
I'm sending you out.

Day by day
If you think it's gonna get any better
Just keep dreaming away
You got to hold your head up high
All day and night
Cause you're ready
The only weapon you need
To settle up a fight
Go
No matter how much you shake and dance
The last few drops go down your pants
No matter how much you scream and shout
Ain't nobody gonna try to help you on out
No matter how much you piss and moan
Ain't nobody gonna go and leave you alone
No matter how much you whack your head
You're better off living than being dead
Hit me
Society pushes harder on you every day
You gotta get rich to make it
You hear them say
You gotta get rich to make it
But you can't have your cake and eat it too
You know
There ain't enough to go around
And it's starting to show
The planet's getting fouler all the time
Fermenting your brain
Just like a grape turning to wine
We've got to destroy the forces
That are stealing your slack
Scare all them mothers
Give one to one

And make hard a tad
We've got to regain control of our destiny
Cause they want to take it away from you and me
But we've got to stop all this fighting amongst ourselves
Cause that just keeps them confused
And they think that's swell
Stand up for your rights
And soon you'll win them back
Or else they'll fight you back

And barbecue you while you're lying there on your back
Ah, then no matter how much you shake and dance
The last few drops go down your pants
No matter how much you scream and shout
Ain't nobody gonna try and help you on out
No matter how much you piss and moan
Ain't nobody gonna go and leave you alone
No matter how much you whack your head
You're better off living than being dead
Hit me
Ow!
Ugh!
Uh!
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, that was Brother Cleve Duncan.
Slackmaster Cleve and the Spirits.
Chris Drive doing that lovely old hymn,
No Matter How Much You Shake or Dance,
The Last Few Drops.
And you know the rest, boys.
Maybe you...
How'd these kids get into the station?
This is the children's mission, Doctor.
Yes, this is the children's hour for the Church of the Subgenius.
Kids for Bob.
Say, kids, Tavis, come over here.
Tell us.
What do you think about Bob, Tavis?
Nothing.
A wise answer.
There is wisdom.
Subgenius.
I know about him, about spaceships.
You know about spaceships and Bob.
And that's all you need to know, friends.
Praise Bob.
Bob and the spaceships.
Ah.
Ah, thank you.
Bob was a regular joke.
Bob was a robot.
Kid over night.
Got three times his battery.
I didn't talk to him.
He didn't talk to me.
Bob was a robot.
At first, they didn't take you seriously.
Good.
Then they began to be frightened.
Good.
They kept their opinions to themselves.
Good.
They stopped joining clubs.
Good.
They informed on their friends.
Good.
But you went on and on and on.
Now they're beginning to ask themselves,
maybe I'm next.
Next?
Where will it lead to?
Nowhere.
I'd talk to him.
Take up a copy of the book of the subgenius.
Book of the subgenius is right here on lovely McGraw Hill.
And I assume that must be Bob right there on the front.
Could very well be, Brian.
With the pipe in his mouth.
It's certainly a marvelous and comfortable experience.
The publisher did not see that my purpose was to write a moral lesson.
The punishment that befell a mortal man who dared to emulate God.
Well, whatever your purpose may have been, my dear, I take great relish in savoring each separate horror.
This book isn't full of subliminal messages.
The messages are right out front as far as I could see.
Both, actually.
Both, yes.
Both.
They were subpsychic messages, too.
And in fact, the book actually, now most of your listeners will not believe this, but
the book carries a power shell that actually protects anything that it's being kept secret.
It's been carried in your car, your bathroom, especially your bathroom, and your whole house.
The conspiracy can't touch it because there's power.
Power in that book.
Power. And they're afraid of it.
In fact, in one respect, that's tough on sales because the love of Bob that's manifested in this book can injure normals and humans.
Your mind?
I can't believe it.

It's ridiculous.
Did you know that every picture of Bob has the power to view you?
Has the power to look at you and look into your very soul?
Gee, I don't know.
Every picture of Bob is not just an image, not just a meaningless, mindless graffito.
Oh, those dots are alive.
Look at you.
Each of those dots pulses with unfathomable radiant energy.
Each of those Bobs next to those toilets all over the U.S.
Don't listen to him.
Don't listen to him.
Yes, you can find help.
You can be deprogrammed.
You can find out the truth.
But they beat me every day.
It's a hell of an impetus.
I know you're a dumbass.
I forced you to sleep on fire.
But that device.
It put me in that damn glass.
And I didn't know what was going on.
It's all right.
I used to have a house.
But some geniuses came in, and they took all my furniture.
Sold it to buy me this neck brace.
And I can't take off now.
And they said it was a living being.
And that.
Oh, hell.
Oh, I got a.
Bring the upper lip down below the upper teeth.
Be sure to keep it down until the fingers are in position.
Here comes the frag.
At each corner of the mouth, insert a thumb under the upper lip.
Now slide the thumb.
And the thumb comes along the inside of the upper lip until they are positioned just below
and to the side of each nostril.
Those boys are shows.
These incredible shows.
Well, we're still beaming it to you.
100 million gigahertz of hydrogen line fusion powered radio.
We're stars of the stars.
Yes, indeed, friends.
We've got 143 solar systems on 11 different galactic quadrants.
All tuned in at this very moment.
We've been known to work one sidereal day for every Earth Day.
And you know they're slightly longer.
So, yes, here's part of our guest.
Yes, this is our.
This is the guest yeast for the evening.
He's a nice little job from Antares four and a half.
We picked up his signal last week and were able to tune him in.
And this is all he does.
He sits in his seat.
He's a little trans dimensional box.
And does this this message to all of us?
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
And he is an illegal.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Real illegal in a real.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
Welcome back to the show.
The subgenius divine.
Well, our friends.
Yes, this is Dr.
G.
Gordon Gordon.
And Reverend Ivan Stang.
And we're sitting here to bring you the word of dogs.
And don't you feel devived now?
And don't be afraid.
It's just a little radio show.
And sometimes it gets scary.
Yeah, it's scary.
It's a scary show.
It could get scarier depending on what whatever parakeet mixes we drop in.
That's right.
But remember one thing.
It doesn't matter what life cycle you belong to and whether your basic metabolism is carbon,
silicon or plasma.
We're broadcasting to you because this is the first intergalactic church of dogs.
Yes, friends.
This is the church for every form of life that knows how to snicker.
Yes, indeed.
Every life form that that can enjoy and appreciate slack.
Dear friends.
Yes.
And the mysteries.
Those who appreciate the mysteries.
Ah, the mysteries.
Yes.
That sweet, sweet burning mystery of slack.
Yes.
And when finally they learn the answer to the mystery of why on that great day.
That one day the sound of the slack comes rippling.
This is what it sounds like, friends.
Listen to that slack rippling along.
Isn't that a lovely sound?
Oh, yes.
Receive the splendor of that slack sound, friends.
Ah, yes.
Ah, doesn't it drip through your frontal lobes or depending upon your metabolism, of course,
sometimes your back lobes.
Sometimes it just runs down their spine.
Sometimes it just dribbles through their cells and oozes through the pores.
Oh, the slack.
But we know that somewhere out there you're listening to the sound of slack.
Oh, the slack.
We can't give you too much of this air slack because...
Nay, nay.
No, no.
We can't let you get all hooked.
You'd just be sitting by your radios from now on.
You wouldn't be able to do anything.
Waiting until next week.
That's right.
When the subgenius hour of slack comes back.
Ah, but...
So that you can soak up some more of the healing power that can be mysteriously broadcast.
That's right.
So put your appendage, your pseudopod, your flipper, your hand, your manipulation, your

ventilator, your chela, your mandible, whatever you got, friends.
It doesn't matter if it's a scaly, horny carapace or a squamous, drooling, mollusk-like, mucus-secreting
skin.
Just place your little sensory appendage upon your transmitter-receiver unit and you
will receive the benefit of this slack, this air slack.
And when finally you discover the mystery, the answer to the mystery, you'll be able

to see the history of the slack.
Why, on that day you will be killed and re-killed and re-killed again in the scalding and scathing
acid love of J.R. Bob Dawes.
Hallelujah.
Praise Bob.
E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I.
E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I.
Ah, yes, friends.
Well, well, Dr. Stang, I think perhaps we ought to turn the slack generator down a little
bit because...
Let these poor...
Because...
Just soothe them out with it.
Don't drop them off sudden now.
Just there you are.
Yes, friends.
Just a rug.
There.
A rug of slack underneath.
That little tiny layer that separates you from the hard, cold floor of reality.
Well, we'd love to get you hooked, but we wouldn't be able to supply it.
That's right.
It would be like Dawn of the Dead all over again.
Shambling zombies for Bob.
Shambling slack zombies.
Trying to get some more of that great stuff that they...
That beautiful, that beautiful essence.
That vital secretion.
That secretion of the heart, soul of Dobbs.
That one thing that he possesses more than any other entity in the universe.
And, friends, we're talking about slack.
And if you haven't...
Don't you wish you had it?
Don't you wish you had that sound with you all the time?
Don't you like to wrap yourself up in that slack?
That big, warm, fuzzy, woolly slack and just snuggle into it and say, ah.
If you had just one Bob pill...
Like this one in this little...
This wild, solitary...
And we have one, listeners.
We have one.
And this one pill would be enough to impart into you the essence of the Stark Fist of
Removal.
You would become Vishnu the Destroyer, friends.
That's right.
You would dance upon the helix of the ever-changing quantum universe, shifting your eigenstata.
Dog said, dog said.
Dog said, dog said.

Dog said, dog said.
Dog said, dog said.
Dogs have always been my friend.
And we've had many dogs during these years.
Now we have Yuki.
And I think he, I think they say the best for the last.
He is the plenteous and the smartest.
And the most constant in his attention of all the dogs that I've known.
Best for the last.
He is the friendliest.
And the most honest.
And the most honest.
And the most honest.
He is the wanderer and adventurer too.
He is the friendliest and the smartest.
And the most honest.
And the most constant in his attention of all the dogs that I've known.
And the most honest.
And the most honest.
And the most honest.
And the most honest.



He is the lost bull.
And the most honest.
And he is the lost bull.
Wandered in here.
Jumped out of someone's car.
Or we have always thought maybe he was worth a circus.
We have been here ever since.
We left word that if the owner ever asked about him, to direct him here.
But I'm glad that the owner never missed him.
Because he was a great guy.



Because I surely would if he left me.
Me.
If you don't get some flea powder and a bath, he wants to go in the car.
You want to go on a ride?
You want to go see the cattle?
You want to go see them?
Will you?
You want to come?
Come on.
You don't get any.
You don't get any.
Get one for my son.
circles, circles.
Did someone, a big guy come from off the streets?
Crazy people, the movies, where does Damned?!



Take him away.
A grown fat driver!
Hey, hey!
Oh, yes, dear friends, that was, uh, first up there was the Summa Electric Institute.
That was Reverend Glenn Carlson of the Church of the Subgenius, with Dogs Have Always Been
My Friend.
A lovely tune, and, uh, followed by Dr. Onan Canobite, a nameless song.
Also using sample dog barks as, uh, and this show's going to the dogs, and once again we're
gonna have to switch ides and stops.
What's wrong with this microphone?
Thank you.
Hey, that new church air is just great.
The new screen excitement you've been waiting for.
Rated V.
Close your eyes and pretend with me for a few seconds.
Your doorbell rings, and there's a chaplain standing quietly.
He tells you,
We're splashing liberation right around the world, and we'll die to do it.
Tape recorders taped all over their bodies.
Before making any additional statements about my subject, I'd like to make it clear that
in any room, I'm not a doctor.











But there are zawsze un settlement no
page, bad names, and prepare for saying Rlichto!
Let's save him walt.
about. We're living in the closing moments of this dispensation.
So housewives take this tip from the growers of Idaho potatoes, whose potatoes make delicious
French flies.
And as we watched, my friend very suddenly and violently vomited.
Who's going to listen to that? And when they do, how are they going to feel? Well, I don't
have to think about that. You do. Whoever you are.
Wish you were a genius, but feel like only a sub-genius. Have a kisser Darth Vader's
mom would expunge. Tired of gorge-clogging crypto-wimpism? I have a solution. Stay tuned
in the weeks to come for exciting lectures such as Drink Your Way to Happiness and a
special tour of the Roy Rogers Museum of Art.

All this and more on your favorite soundtrack for a crumbling society, Food Fights of the
Gods.
Oh great. Things are happening. God is showing people things. Many of you are hearing verses.
You're tormented. Your mind is tormented, your family. Some of you husbands and wives.
You mumble-gumble complain, falsify a few demon powers.
It's trying to destroy your marriage, your home.
So you need to come.
If you can't, man, you ought to get these tapes anyhow on Demonology.
Tape 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and they're on right on up till we get through.
And we'll be offering the tape on Can a Christian Be Demon Possessed at the end of the program.
But we're going to take you into that service right now.
We're going to take you into that service in progress.
What we are sharing on the subject, Can a Christian Be Demon Possessed?
Hundreds of New Yorkers at a religious revival chanting the name of a modern-day prophet, Bob.
Bob's teachings are the foundation of a church that does little more than parody cults and American consumerism.
It's called the Church of the Spirit.
The Church of the Subgenius.
Tom Vitale has this report.
You will pay to know what you really think.
But if you give us money, we will tell you what to think.
And not only have you paid to know what you really think, but once you will get value for your dollar.
Americans will buy anything, and they're getting sold short.
That's the message of the Church of the Subgenius.
As delivered by...
by the Pope of All New York, David Meyer at a recent revival.
Meyer also instructed the enthusiastic crowd in how to get slack,
how to get right with Bob, and how to pull the wool over your own eyes.
For they shall see God.
It's still true.
God still speaks in special ways to each of us today.
But my feelings toward him are still so brittle and sour.
I don't care, I don't care, I don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care, don't care!
I don't care, don't care, don't care anymore.
Tired, I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired.
I can't tolerate it.
I can't live with it.
I can't.
Praise God.
And that's how I became a subgenius.
Children of the great Saint Lenny Bruce said,
American society cripples you and arrests you for limping.
Here in the church of the subgenius we say,
cast off those crutches and crawl with pride.
You can crawl again.
You can crawl again, children.
Test, test, test, test.
This is KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Fort Worth, Arlington,
and so forth.
And this is the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack.
We've been playing media barrage tapes on these shows
which are edited primarily by Puzzling Evidence
in Oakland, California, Dr. Byron Werner
in Los Angeles, California,
and me, Reverend Ivan Stang.
Of course, what I mainly do is just take the stuff
that people send in and rip them off to the max.
And now this side of the show is about to end, listener,
and you're gonna have to flip this show over
in order to hear the rest of it.
Praise God.
If you're tied up and can't get to the radio to do that,
why, let's just hope that you've got auto-reverse as we...
Welcome back, friends, to the hour of Slack radio ministry
on KNON 90.9 FM.
This is more admirable people.
Let it out, let it out.
Aren't you worried?
Don't you want to get out of here?
Sounds like the show.
Yes, we dare you.
Try that.
Okay, we're gonna try it right now, Doc.
Here we go.
Bob hung up on us.
He is dead.
It's true.
Good morning, caller.
What happened?
Unimaginable.
Mishmash.
Unimaginable.








We're gonna cover the mandate of Bang It All.
No, we're not gonna cover anything.
Poor girl.
She's in a bubbling vat of jokes.
I'd hear your question, but we're gonna throw a tarp over it
and protect it from the elements.
Yeah, we might throw a tarp over it.
That's all we'll cover.
This young lady has the jokes.
All day?
All day, yeah.
He's soaking in the jokes.
We're gonna go to use the tarp.
If you come down to the station right now,
we'll cover you up with something soft and warm, too.
We're gonna have to reverse the charger.
Listen to the clock.
I don't like it.
I'm in the dark.
You've been in the dark a long time, Doug.
I do like it.
I wanna go home.
This is the most miserable thing I've ever seen.
It's joyous.
Too late.
You joined the church of the subgenius.
I can't even see Mobius Rex now.
That's too bad, boys.
Now you know what subgenius hell is really like.
Yes.
Forced to do the show that's never paid.
Listen to that.
They're in hell.
We can view their dead souls in hell,
and they still can't quit doing the show.
I know.
These demons call them.
It's endless, endless.
You can't stop them.
You can't stop them.





They're gonna hang up on you.
They are, anyway.
Or if you do, they just call back again.
You know, they're in the show.
Blivit, blivit, blivit.
Blivit, blavit, and bluvit.
I bet you can't say something.
That's right.
You can blub it or you can blivit.
I can't blab such blibber blubber.
My tongue is...
You'll have to listen very, very carefully.
Well, we can listen...
I have your son in a brown paper bag,
and if you don't do what I say...
What do you think you are, anyway?
...you'll be trying to convince me.
You'll have to listen very, very carefully.


You create problems that you can't possibly be able to come down with.
If my demands are not met, I will kill a policeman as a nun for a funny thing.
There's the little head in his little head coffin.
That's right.
And one neck bone.
And one neck bone.
And one neck bone.
Moving to the large pit to be buried with the rebar.
That doesn't count.
I think that they run the show, but little do they know that I've put so much of their
energy into the show that the show is over.

The show is now a great, shambling entity within itself.
The hideous show.
And they are mere organs within this great, hideous, drooling, rugose squamous sesquipedalian
show.
No kidding.
And our listeners of our show must suffer the same way.
Because it's their show that's our show.
That's right.
You can't keep track of it.
But it follows.

It follows you all the time.
Go ahead.
Try to turn it off.
We'll keep hearing it.
The endless show.
The show of shows.
Yes.
Hell on earth.
Oh yeah, you think, well it's funny, I'm on radio personality.
I'm just going to have me a show.
Yee-haw.
Yes sir, ee-bop.
And then you've been on that show, and you've been on that show, and you look at your calendar
watch one day and you realize that the last half an hour has taken a little over a hundred
hours.

And you begin to wonder, what is the deal with this Bob Dobbs character?
And what is this time control?
And these subgenius characters on their radio shows, what's this Dobbs drone signal they
constantly speak of?
Yes, what is the Dobbs drone signal?
The thing that locks into their very innermost self and draws out that which is the most
it desires.
Ah yes, dear friends, makes that gland grow.
And it's too late now.
Even if you unplug your radio wire, when you can't hear the show, the show can hear you.
This is the show that listens back, friends.
Face it, 1984 happened a year ago.
We were doing the implementing of the big eyes, the eye of taxis, dear friends.
Remember the eye of every year here in Texas.
The eye of taxis, it watches.
Ever been kicked in the taxis, my friends?
Anybody ever got you around?
You're your Blancas lately?
Yeah.
What kind of a show do you think this is?
Just your average little rock and roll music show?
Your average comedy show?
Comedy talk show?
Your average satire and social comment and parody show?
Ha ha ha.
It's a squeaky show is what it is.
That's right, dear friends.
No, the audience is not far away.
The minister of the world.
I could forget all that stuff now.
It wasn't important anymore.
The time when those who sleep are deep in their dreams.
Huh?
And the people who can't figure out why their hands are in their pants when they wake up.
And the mob's mom.
And the church of the subterranean show.
The doctors of the air operate without warning.
Yes.
Here they come.
Warning.
We will operate soon.
Warning.
Warning.
Warning.
We must warn you at this moment.
It doesn't have to be true.
It does have to be true.
Well, here we are again.
It just doesn't have to be true.
Because we're always here.
Your final instructions?
I may sound like a Bible beater yelling up a revival of the Bible.

But a river crossing can't mean it.
But that don't change the truth none.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I want to see if one person, one single person, will have the courage of their convictions
and come down here and open up to Bob and give them, give me their wallet.
I don't just want your money.
Don't just want your credit cards.
We want your library cards, your voter registration.
Give it all up now.
Okay?
One person.
That's all we need.
Actually, Bob doesn't care.
Bob is the richest man on earth.
He doesn't care if you spend money.
Bob could give, frankly.
All he wants is souls.
He wants you to have slack.
He wants you to fight the conspiracy.
And it is going to take some fighting because they are everywhere.
Powerful charity.
The conspiracy is everywhere.
The television shows you watch the rock and roll songs that they play over and over and
over and over again.
Of course, this station excluded.
What do you think they're doing that for?
Oh, you got the present company.
Present company excluded.
But Bob, you're the richest man on earth.




You might look for some of that stuff on thexit.com.
We're not talking aboutantis ما께서 communist BTS video.
People are being replaced.
We're trying to Tacos the
ado to survive.
We're just going to watch it play into our own through and through.


Eh, no.

Robert?
Great.
full of geeks, 80,000 strong, waiting for us to come on stage and entertain them.
We want them to found their own church.
Get on the streets and entertain themselves.
Bob preaches short-duration personal saviors.
You should skip from one personal savior to the next.
It could be a wine bottle.
We live in a consumer society, ladies and gentlemen.
It could be a new record.
Planned obsolescence.
Things wear out fast.
Not our fault.
That's the way it is, and we understand.
Because Bob came.
Bob doesn't care about your sins.
Bob won't die for your sins, because Bob's not the son of God.
Bob won't die for your sins.
Bob won't forgive you for your sins.
All Bob cares about is that Bob will justify your sins.
He'll justify your sins and make them part of his plan.
The lights have gone down just slightly.
The Mr. Science Lecture Series.
Volume 1, Number 1.
The Mutron.
Delivered by the Reverend Seth Deitch, First Church of Mr. Science, Boston.
Outside the realm of conspiracy science, and in the clear light of the so-called forbidden sciences,
we will find we have a far greater chance of understanding the true nature of the universe.
What the conspiracy feeds us under the guise of the most advanced system of natural philosophy
is nothing but a complex sham, a decoy to hide from us the true fact of how much bigger and more complex
and nut-wrenchingly frightening a place the universe really is.
We are told about matter and energy and space and time as being either consistent realities governed by laws
or as foggy abstracts of the universe.
We are told about things that have no particular being outside of that of being convenient linguistic aids
to make the whole thing easier to swallow.
We at the Temporal Management Research Facility of the Church of Mr. Science of the Subgenius
have through rigorous probing through mountains of existing little known works on the subject of time
and its methods of control, have discovered the key for blowing the whistle on the whole fraudulent twaddle that is modern science.
This key is the Mutron.
The truth must now be told. How it was covered up for so long would make a story intriguing enough for a separate book, but it's too involved to be told here.
The actual issue at hand is the neutron and its pivotal role in the management of the true cosmos.
In order to properly understand the following, it must first be made clear what actually constitutes an elementary particle.
The first of these basic particles is the electron, which has no mass but possesses a charge that is commonly described as possibly infinite, thus making it the fundamental unit of energy.
It and other related particles, i.e. positrons, photons, gravitons, etc., acting in concert make up the yakutismic field, which is responsible for holding everything that is anything together.
The second is the much rarer infinite mass particle.
It is commonly called a black hole.
These particles, like the electrons, occupy no space, but the influence of a single particle can be felt at a much greater distance.
They often have event horizons many miles wide, beyond which not even light can escape.
The third fundamental particle is the neutron.
The neutron carries with it an infinite temporal capacity that makes it alter the rate and intensity and general quality
of the passage through time of anything it touches.
The neutron is very likely the rarest particle in this universe.
As far as we know, there might well be only one of them, though there could be as many as a few dozen without generating a dangerous concentration of neutron phenomena.
The first segment of this report will deal with the general implications of the neutron in regards to existing ideas on the workings of the universe.
The second will concern the incredible potentialities of the neutron.
The third will concern the incredible potentialities of using the potent forces of the neutron in time control research and in practical time control.
Section A.
Just how f***ing big everything really is.
What we know as the universe can be envisioned as a giant atom with the black hole acting as the nucleus
and the neutron or mutrons acting as the electron cloud with the electrons providing the energy for the neutron to drive us forward through time.
Just about everything in the universe is a giant atom.

Everything else in the universe is just so much debris cluttering up the works of things.
The fact that there is one such atom more than suggests the existence of others.
The neutron has a corresponding antiparticle known as the tachyon which travels through time in a direction which we perceive as backwards
so that to someone who is not in the know it will appear to exceed the speed of light.
The simple fact of the matter is that tachyons are extra universal mutrons impinging on our universe
at a different temporal angle.
These are the mutrons of atom universes that ours is in compound with.
After this the atomic metaphor breaks down.
No atom of mere matter divides itself into alternate selves almost constantly but our universe does.
All the time the universe splits in order to express every alternative open to any phenomenon.
The universe is the only way our minds can express the perception of the fifth dimension or more properly the second dimension of time.
So this introduces the concept of time viewed as a plane rather than a line.
But there is another dimension of space, so is the case with time there is also a corresponding up-down time.
This is the direction in which our mental eyes exist.
In this direction we find alternate time tracks similar to the sidewise ones
with the difference being that theirs is order oriented in the direction opposed to temporal gravity.
So that elements of those other selves are constantly falling into our awareness from above.
The neutron passes through all these spaces with equal ease and is modulated by them much like the photon is modulated by bouncing off or passing through matter.
Thus information of a very subtle and distorted nature is conveyed to us from our other universes on the neutron express.
We call this information Gnosis.
And its influence has been felt by mankind time and again for as long back as we have records and no doubt back to our very genesis and before.
The earliest known neutron impact on earth occurred in the era of the dawn of life.
The primordial sea teamed with the most primitive of bacteria.
Their genetic material was a simple molecule shaped like a lumpy ladder.
It was very chemically stable.
The neutron passed through earth and spewed out a wake that left each and every molecule of DNA twisted beyond recognition.
In this state its stability was ruined.
And any force or random glitch that mother nature had to offer changed it somehow.
Thus evolution had begun.
Another notable neutron impact occurred about 60 million years ago at the end of the age of the dinosaurs.
The particle struck and its wake left the intelligence of the dinosaurs increased a million fold.
They promptly sat down, figured out how to teleport and promptly took off on around the universe vacation.
Presumably they will someday return.
Another notable neutron impact occurred in the era of the dawn of life.
The first neutron impact only about 5 million years ago was responsible for the division of the human and yeti races.
The vast majority of these events however affect individual beings or objects.
One such example is Great Britain's Stonehenge Monument which was not man made as is popularly presumed but is merely the material evidence of a rather minor neutron splash.
Certain great sages of the past and present have actually had neutrons pass directly through their crania.
A partial listing of these select people will give an idea of the effects that may be expected of such an encounter.
Gautama Buddha, the prophet Enoch, Ankh-Natan, Leonardo, William Beckford, Alastair Farley, Marcel Duchamp, R. Buckminster Fuller, Antonio Gaudi, Arnold Palmer, the list goes on.
It's interesting to note that J.R. Bob Dobbs is the only known human being through whom a neutron has passed twice.
After going through the back of his head it was reflected by the mystic pipe of Dobbs back through his head for a double dose of gnosis.
In the light of this particular view one might ask what about the big bang and all that stuff?
Well it seems that matter does not play a very big role in the actual nuts and bolts operation of the universe.
In fact we find that it is the case in about half the universe's sample that there is no matter at all.
Section B.
What we must do about all this.
It is well known that the electron can be pressed into service for all kinds of uses.
It might be less well known that alien civilizations of a level only slightly more advanced than ours routinely use the enormous power made available by tapping into the gravity fluxes of quantum black holes.
It's also possible to use the time potentials of the neutron to our own great advantage.
The neutron is not subject to the same methods of coercion that we use to create it.
It is subject to the power of the supernovae that bend normal subatomic particles to our will.
They are oblivious to matter and energy alike.
The power of pure thought because of its intimate relationship with time does have some small effect.
Mutrons are attracted to areas of concentrated slackful enlightenment.
A neutron container accelerator could be charged with a neutron if enough slackful minds concentrated their energies around a scoop entrance to the neutron accelerator.
Once contained therein
it would take relatively little effort on the part of these minds to maintain it in a circular path.
One purely technical problem facing this proposal is the size of the accelerator needed.
It is a property of the neutron that it will only travel in the most gentle of curves.
The minimum diameter of a circle to be traveled by a neutron is approximately 1,000 miles.
Fortunately we have easy access to an extraterrestrial body more than three times that size.
Earth's moon.
The accelerator could be built in a ring completely circumnavigating the lunar sphere about 100 feet below its surface.
Because of the mental effort that would run it, it would be known as the psychotron.
The psychotron would be a valuable tool in the use of practical time control.
By accelerating the neutron in one direction or another the entire moon could be induced to follow it in whatever temporal direction it might be directed.
Forward, backward, sideways or up-down.
Having this ability opens amazing possibilities.
It is my proposal that this device be constructed for use in a major project to concentrate high slack wisdom in this universe.
The single most radiant personality among modern man is J.R. Bob Dobbs.
There are other alternate Bobs existing in other alternate time tracks.
Not all of them are as prominent as our Bob, but still are privy to the same great gnosis.
Others are already the rulers of their respective Earths.
All, though, are truly Bob.
Imagine if we could travel to those alternate time streams and convince all of those Bobs to return to our world.
This is exactly what I am suggesting.
The formation of the Congress of Bobs.
Yes, my friends, this is our mission.
Those who wish to donate to the Psychotron Project will be given a free ride to the alternate world of their choice once the project is complete.
Thank you.

No, the audience is not far away.
The Master Control Show here in the Master Control Program is controlling the show.
And this show will be the show that you will probably never hear.
And this show will go off to another subgenius show in another land.
And that will be a third show layered upon this show.
And after that show it will go on and continue spreading like a virus layer upon layer upon layer fading in and out from one another.
Like hideous forms of reintroduction.
Your final instructions?
And if you are a nice listener, we're going to read the whole phone book to you.
Everyone's in the phone book.
Remember something I mentioned this morning.
The bowels of the heavens shall be opened to smite and trump the earth with strangeness.
You, look.
It's the colon of the earth.
Let's pretend like we have a contest going.
We'll just call people in the phone book and say, you won!
And a little bit farther up the colon, just there, lips flapping in the wind.
...like hideous forms of reincarnation in the hell spirit world that you don't even know about because you're too ignorant.
Ignorant because you're just a listener. That's all.
Just a mere listener.
Oh, the pathetic fools. The earth fools.
Oh, ye stiff-legged, ye pathetic third-dimensional creatures.
If you could but know, could but dream for an instant of that which could await you, were you good enough to...
But, friends, there's no escape.
Literally no escape from the show that never ends. Oh.
Wasn't there some rock and roll song about the show that never ends?
The amazing thing about this Jerry Jeff Preacher is that the caller calls up J. Neal's security staff on your priority code channel.
This message will not repeat. Thank you for your attention.
Please, make a note of it.
I got a joke. How did Jerry Jeff Caller get the chicken fried steak out of his armpits?
The trick of picking chicken is picking what chicken to pick.
You can't get it out of your armpits once it's put in the way he does it.
Arms for defense.
Those arms are the pits.
Yes.
Keep on arming.
Well, Jerry Jeff...
You'll wind up in the pits, yes. The basic message of today's military environment.
It's quiet out there.
Oh, nice, huh?
He's a flibberty jibbit and a hick dominica Honda Sock-de-loo rib tick-less.
Yes, right.
Let's call it an unnecessary, completely unauthorized, and overextended military operation in a completely virgin environment.
Hissed. The zickering of a thicket of gigantic crickets.
Just the thickering of the...
I'll just turn that down. We don't want any of that stuff happening here.
In the swamp bongs the gongs of a throng of frogs while a knee-deep sheep bleats in a slippery stream where slimy snakes whisper sinful secrets.
Let's go back to the knee-deep sheep dip, okay?
The knee-deep sheep dip dipped deep down below the steep and deep...
...and chilly waters of the deep stream floats on the surface like the ancient Egyptians floated on the current of their belief.
...and true, flies and leaps and leaps...
For they thought they would never die, but be reborn as gargling sarcophagi, horrible mummies to march across the earth and wreak and spew vengeance.
Sarcophagi? Knees? They came back as?
Give me the pyroflagellator.
All of the little tiny...
Yes.
...bad deities march down the side of the subgenius church and now live that night.
See? At last.
Within the great pyramid...
Here they go!
...the secret chamber of the subgenius...
Oh, we've entered the...
What light and steam come from the special effects department located below the pyramid?
...here, inside the heart of the mighty structure, puzzling evidence broadcasts from the inner chamber of the great pyramid.
Yeah, I'll teach you all how to talk on the radio. Come on down.
Yes, these giant pyramids are actually radio stations of a primitive nature which broadcast by the strange...
I'll play rock and roll until every eight falls apart. I'll copy that old Procter and Bergen movie.
...then they would show the strange films to the walls of the...
Come on, let's watch J-Man.
...the old media reads that their mummified kitty cats in their canopic jars would ever view these great epics.
Oh, there's Kitty!
Oh, why did they have to keep Paul Kitty's brain out through her nostrils?
...to the ancient Egyptians. The cat, as well as the diggy dog, was a mysterious and powerful god that had to be placated.
What a powerful god! Let's play rock and roll.
...they would have chopped Kitty's nostrils out through her brain with a little machine they've invented.
Yes, they drew your brain out through your nostrils with silver hooks.
This I learned at the house of my father, the brain extractor by the Nile.
But I haven't finished with that brain.
That is all right, Senhuay. You may have the brain of the next traveler who passes by.
Ah, my son, there are many brains for us to work on.
For the land of Egypt is mighty and rich, and the Nile Delta is...
Brain after brain was passed from one listener to another, and they would call the show and fight the show.
Suddenly they saw a little brat in the bulrushes.
In a basket.
I see you down there, little caller.
How can so many people be without one brain?
I have only one brain to divide amongst all these...
And so little Senhuay learned of head-launching and how it was done by the mighty river.
Ah, the holy Vic Morrow, the only true head-launching done here in California.
By a professional crew.
Film the right way.
Not this false Arnold Palmer garbage.
It would have made it worse.
But we can't talk about that because it would leave this station open to libel and slander.
That's our lawyer now! Oh my God, he heard us!
That guy's going to sue us about the bleeding handle... subliminal message.
Station KXCI in Tucson, Arizona. Station KABF in Little Rock, Arkansas.
As Hal falls back on reading the list of stations that don't play any of this stuff ever again.
We wonder exactly what it all means.
We hope you enjoy it.
He calls in all the time.
And continue to provide us with valuable callers and feedbacks.
Ladies and gentlemen, just tell us how you do it.
What kind of band is this?
What kind of song is this?
What do they know of life?
First, we took in virtually all of the subgenius funds and absconded and lived in luxury for many years thereafter...
Hi, little caller.
And now it's showtime.
Time for the subgenius hour and a half.
The show that dare not even exist.
And the sun comes up over Northern and Central California.
And we wonder why we're awake.
It's only 4 on Friday afternoon.
We're finishing the last tape of the show now.
In 24 hours, people will hear this show on the radio.
And they'll think it's loud.
And they'll call up and pretend.
Kill me. No, no. Kill me.
No, me. Kill me. No, no.
He's a tough, rabid danger.
He's a...
That's those shows still going?
Oh, yeah, that show's still running endlessly, mindlessly, reasonlessly.
Like most, most lives nowadays.
No guidance, no center.
Yes, yes.
Hear that sound, dear friends?
Do you hear that low, mournful sound?
That's the sound.
The sound of a normal soul floating off, unhinged and its anchor raised, leaving its body and floating off to join the other normal souls in the great syrup where they're all stirred together to be reborn again, all exactly alike.
And here, high atop the inner First Bank building in Dallas, Texas, we broadcast this news of the final truth, the ultimate punchline of the end of the universe to you, the mere listener.
Ah, yes.
Ah, yes.
The show comes in for a landing once again.
Hyper jump.
Okay, can you take it from here?
Because run the auto computer on seven.
I've got to go over there and...
Oh, you're gonna play with the beast again, Eddie?
No, the beast's been programmed.
It's doing the squid run right now.
But I have to get some more of that frock, Doctor.
Oh, oh, wait.
There's...
Good Lord.
You have...
You, Doctor, have consumed it.
You have consumed it.

I'm gonna get an entire bathtub full of the sacred Tibetan herb, habifra...
Wait, wait a minute, listen, listen.
What?
It's Recon Metal 12.
Oh, no.
Shh.
Launch base...
Hey, we've gotta...
Well, hold on.
We'll be back after this message.
Okay, listen.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, love you.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, love you.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, love you.
Ah, yes, dear friends.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, love you.
And so we find our time running out.
As I say, this is the same way every show.
It all ends the same way.
And I would recommend reading prescription 16, 14, 17, 18.
And you can write for information on how to receive these precious subgenius tapes.
Because, friends, we need blankets and contraceptives for those boys and girls in the home for slackless
children.
Your contributions also keep those we hate starving to death.
I command you to spill your gift seed.
Bob.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.



We're on a pledge of 100 pounds of dollar bills in my lap.
As this will buy modeling clay, and transformer toys for those poor children.
Dobbs will bless you for planting the seed, Faith, ah, yes.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob,ismon.
And now our announcer will give you our mailing address.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob,ball, Bob, love you.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, love you.
Bob love you.
Bob love you.
That's the Church of the Subgenius
P.O. Box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214
Church of the Subgenius
P.O. Box 140306
Dallas, Texas 75214
Please write for information
Thank you
This is Reverend Ivan Stanks
I conscribed the Church of the Subgenius
This time with Dr. G. Gordon Gordon
From the Brazilian Clench
Pope of all South America
Praise Bob, my friends
And let there be slack
Thank you
This is Reverend Ivan Stanks

Dallas, Texas 75214
Church of the Subgenius
P.O. Box 140306

Thank you
This is Reverend Ivan Stanks
From the Brazilian Clench
Pope of all South America
Praise Bob, my friends
And let there be slack
Thank you
