Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you so much for supporting KNO and your favorite local station.
God, I was watching TV just before we came down to do this show, and that brand new show, Sea Quest, was on,
and I don't know why they don't just call it Sea Trek, the nth generation.
Float me up, Scotty.
I don't get it, why do they keep saying it's like Star Trek?
Star Trek is in outer space, for Christ's sake, this is like underwater.
How can they say it's like, if it was Star Trek, we'd have robots, and this is, it's state of the art, it's got virtual reality in it,
it's like, it's Star Wars, I mean, it's like, it's underwater, what are you talking about?
So, somebody has millions of dollars.

Millions and millions of dollars to spend on that stuff, and here we are thanking you for your $30 pledges,
and there's only a few of you that were even saying that much, too.
Well, this is one of those completely disorganized hours of slack.
It's, but, why, it's justified, it's our religion, praise Bob.
I have summoned you.
I have summoned you.
Decompression chamber, maximum duration 10 seconds, repeat 10 seconds.
Okay, the show's really gonna start now.
Shut the doors.
Now, if somebody listening to the show this afternoon thinks that they are not normal and that they are subgenius,
it's very possible that they have that certain spark that might lead them to believe that they are subgenius.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, they could be, it's a whole genetic heritage thing.
Sure.
And it's not elitism, it's just, it's predestiny.
Sure.
Yeah.
Do you want to live forever?
Yes.
Do you want to live in paradise?
Yes.
Will you die for me?
Yes.
Will you kill for me?
Yes.
Will you kill for me?
Yes.
I remember, I think, and maybe I'm romanticizing the past, but I remember when music had a conscience and music had soul.
And does anybody remember that at all?
Jimi Hendrix?
Any question about that guy?
Stand by the mountain, chop it down with the edge of my hand.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
This guy had a, like an anaconda, blowing in the wind, man.
Don't ever want to make you cry, never want to break your diet code forever.
Excuse me!
I would love to have seen the Jimi Hendrix, Debbie Gibson album.
I bet he could shake her love right in half.
Foxy.
Mommy!
Foxy, lady.
Mommy!
Debbie, you wanted to be a rock star, honey, remember?
You got a hang with the big boy, sweetie.
I want to go back to the mall!
I suck!
I suck!
Get him away!
Foodie child, baby!
Like a buzzsaw!
Ring-a-ring-a-ring-a-ring-a-ring-a-ring!
Cut her into little mall cordwood, man.
Save a pair of bloody panties for George Michaels to slip on.
Boom, he's a woman, she's dead.
Jimi's still jamming.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
And we let him in, come on.
Oh, no.
After that, she....
M-m-my God.
Oh God, M-m-my God.



Now the Ira's mouth angle is near it.
Oh.
I thought it was a heart, no.





Well, you wish me luck.


Hello?
No, I don't take prev estaban karweual an Fo b 102.
I have some money on me.
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo
guitar solo

guitar solo
guitar solo




Something we couldn't find was in trying to talk to the parents or the so-called other generation, you know,
because they have a way of over-protecting the people.
So much as where they put them in boxes, you know, and they put themselves in boxes, and that's not the right way of living.
Because younger people, their minds are a little more keener and they can figure this out.
So therefore, since they can't get released and respect from the older people, then they go into these other things.
And their music gets louder and it gets rebellious because it's starting to form a religion, you know.
And, uh, because you're not going to find it in church. A lot of kids, you know, don't find nothing in church.
I remember when I was, I got thrown out of church because I had the improper clothes on.
I had tennis shoes and a suit.
And they said, well, that's not proper.
So we don't have no money to get anything else.
So I just got thrown out of church anyway.
And it's nothing but an institution.
So they don't have to find nothing there.
And, uh, so then it moves on to trying to find yourself, you know.
So therefore, you see somebody look maybe kind of freaky or playing very radical, regardless if it's good or bad, you know.
And then quite naturally, they take up to this person or these people.
It's up to the people to preach the proper thing to them.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
They are the thrill seekers.
Oh, my goodness.
This is...
And we're, we're getting closer.
We're placing a long-distance call.
We're asking Bob to bring us that excess in Slack tonight.
Now, friends, you want to have someone close to your heart.
Close to the rest of you, too. Not just your heart.
You want equal distance and closeness here.

You want it in your ears as close as you can get it.
You want ultimate proximity.
Because you think this sounds great.
It sounds good.
Just you wait, folks.
You can make it happen for yourself.
And that's what the Church is all about, my friends.
Yes, that's what Ivan says.
It's what this Church is all about.
Consider the following a self-help tape.
If you're alone, it might be self-help.
Yeah, it'd be self-help.
It's best to practice with a friend.
Yes, Bob helps those who help themselves.
So if you have to help yourself, well, let Bob lend you a hand and make his hand your own.
And I know a number of you folks have been waiting to have your box filled with Ivan, you know, the busy man, the Church of the Subgenius.
Getting your stuff mailed.
Send in energy.
Send it.
Send it all the way.
And get your box filled one way or another.
Obviously, I don't have to explain the Church of the Subgenius.
But what's it all about?
Wouldn't you like to know?
My friend, if you...
There are some things man was not meant to know.
Any of them.

It's like, you know, you're a man.














Thank God there are some things hidden from the mind of the pathetic, poor, tiny mind of man.
I need to be healed.
I woke up yesterday morning and there was a psychic fish hook in the back of my brain being pulled on by Bob.
He said, Bob, and who is this Bob?
I didn't know who Bob was, but I found a map tattooed on my, on my very chest saying, saying, saying, Tibet, Malaysia, Bobtown, Dobbsville.
What does it mean?
I saw a vision, visions of yetis without knowing what yetis were.
Where did I think you knew just what to do about this?
Bob, Bob, Bob.
We get some damn good lampshades made out of those bats.
Those of us who think that you know what God Almighty wants us to see, hear, think, and do...
Are in big trouble.
Don't let your mind go to hell. Save it.
When people get paranoid, even though there may be some justification to it, and that is the feeling develops over a long period of time.
When society is against you, that they regard you as an enemy, that, you know, after a while that can generate within you returning, hostile feelings.
They felt, they feel that they're acting under God's inspiration or anything's possible.
As you get deeper and deeper into the church, as a matter of fact, you find that there is a very real capital C conspiracy on planet Earth.
And as it turns out, very bad people are running the show.
Okay, so there's a conspiracy. What kind of people are running this whole show thing?
Well, that's just it. People. Humans. See, subgeniuses are a totally different strain than humans, a different life form.
Yeah.
And there are two intelligent species on Earth, actually several dozen, but the ones you usually see are of two basic types.
Normals, and it's a bit of a stretch to call them intelligent, and subgenius.
There may be inadequate distribution facilities and mailing to chronic returnees.
We're free of leveraged buyouts, smoking in the workplace, snooping on employees, and employee personal phone calls.
What now?
This is John from the Meat Wrappers local, 101 there.
Hi, you're John.
How you doing, John?
We're very pro-union slop here, so lay it on us on us here.
Are you the steward? Are you anything having to do with the actual union yourself, or are you just an onion gobbler?
We want to make the public aware of the plight of the Meat Wrappers.
They're taking phlegm out of our contract.
They're taking phlegm out of our contract.
And we want it back.
Well, when your contract's been reduced and voided of phlegm,
boy, you don't have much meat left in your phlegm.
I mean, there's not really a lot you can do, is there?
You can't stand tall, and you can't stand out there on the line and have your brother standing tall and making a solid...
Dave, I have a funny feeling that we better get out of the way.
Well, it's a very serious matter, and...
Well, I'd like you to expound on it.
Ow, my foot!
Ow!
Who's doing it? Wayne Stead said that. Ow!
Ow!
And now you're...
You can get better at that.
Try it one more time.
We got these dollar stores, and they're selling meat wrappings for under-cost, and they're really hurting...
They're selling meat wrapped in underwear to poor children?
To poor children? No, lonesome cowboy Dave, tell me it's not so!
Oh, well, I guess now it's time to tell you what you've been listening to.
Well, of course.
It's the subgenius radio ministry hour of Slack's show, but that show can be composed of many other shows.
In this case, uh, why...
Poor Car... From the beginning, poor Cardinal Sin and his friend Reverend Slicky Leisureman, uh, on a radio station up in Kansas City, I think, uh...
Talking about Bob in some what manner.
Uh, Bill Hicks, there at the beginning, talking about, uh, Jimi Hendrix, and Jimi Hendrix talking about Jimi Hendrix.
And some bits and pieces of Reverend Velveteen Sly's, uh, sexy show with Father Angus MacGomorrah, the psychoacoustics show.
They're up in Madison, Wisconsin, where they also play the hour of Slack.
And, uh, there's some more bits from KPFA, uh, puzzling evidence.
And Dr. Howell.
Dr. Howell can be very charming, but, uh, you'll see, you'll see.
And, uh, we're not quite sure what else there is yet.
Help!
Patrons will please excuse the temporary inconvenience of my return fire.
In the future, this work will enable...
We'll have to serve you better.
She came at me with an armload of chromosomes, but knocked over a beaker with her enhanced breast.
Her feet were covered in pure DNA.
She evolved into a toad.
What?
It looked like a cow!
Oh, it was the black and white spots that did it, not you.
It's party time!
Well, that should give you an idea of the general tone of things.
Now for some of the individual sketches.
The letters always start, Dear Gabe, and they ask me questions.
That's because I'm Gabe Woletzki, advice columnist.
Men and women involved in relationships want to find out what the other one wants.
I'll show her what I want!
And I do it again.
At some point in time, the idea got started that people should change to please one another.
I blame it on books, so I went to a novel.
Darling.
Dearest.
Let's tell funny stories.
Don't you want to make love?
I sold my libido to buy a sense of humor.
And I sold my wit to buy a good sex drive.
You're not funny anymore.
You're limp.
You're both beyond help, and I'm getting sleepy.
I closed the book on them and turned out the light.
What?
What?
Oh!
Well, that may be the end of the chapter, but my readers still want to know how this comes out.
I'm Gabe Woletzki, advice columnist.
Look for my next byline.
It can be dead.
Oh, man.
I'm going to bed.


Oh, Hitler had Eva Braun.
Manson had Squeaky Frong.
Ted Bundy got lots of dates.
I wonder what I'm doing wrong.
I don't pretend to understand women's little quirks.
Just one thing I know for sure.
Chicks dig jerks.
Yeah.
Well, if I meet one more single mother, I'll be a little more of a jerk.



I'm going to bed, and I'm going to sleep.
I put on my woolen jacket and head to the beach.

Oh.
I'm going to bed.


Oh.
I'm going to sleep.




Oh.
Oh.
What?
What?
Oh.
I know for sure chicks are big jerks
Well, I'm sure there's some out there who can relate
Particularly young men without a date
See some jerks on fine fine pay go driving away
Oh
Yeah, was that a new bruise you got on you?
What does it say that he loves you?
Sure he beats you but afterwards he cries
Oh baby, I could die
Honey, I don't think that's nothing to be proud of
I think it's called alcoholism
I don't think you should move away
Stay with him till you're in your grave
Yeah
You're so sweet
Can't we just be friends?
I think of you as a brother
Oh man
Oh man
Ow
Ow
You're hurting me
Ow
Ow
What do I have to offer you, baby?
Poetry and true love
That's not enough, I know for sure
You need someone to throw you through the door
Well, I don't pretend to understand
Women's little quirks
Just one thing I know for sure
Chicks dig jerks
Oh
Yeah
Oh
Oh
Chicks dig jerks
It's so true
Oh
Oh
Tell your man be mean to a man
They'll never leave you then
Cause chicks dig jerks
Oh
Just ignore them
Just ignore them


Act like they're not there
Man, you're gonna be pulling chicks out of your hair
They love that
Woo
Act like you don't care
Oh, look at them everywhere
They come running
Woo
Tired of being a good guy
Such a lonely life
I'm gonna be a jerk
Yeah, that's right
I'm gonna step on lots of toes
I'm gonna step on lots of toes
Woo
Girl's gonna go crazy for that guy
Baby, I'm gonna act like I don't even know you
Woo
I'm gonna return one of your calls
Oh, I hear her
She's already at the door, man
She's intrigued by my indifference
Woo
I'm a jerk and it's working out
Ha-ha
I'm looking for a woman with low self-esteem
One that looks good, who'll stay home and clean
One that won't ask me who, what, or why
And believe me when I tell her
Full-face lies
I'm looking for a woman with low self-esteem
One who has a bad deed just like me
A silent woman with nice straight hair
Don't think no more
To count it blank stares
Wax my fastball
Shun my boots
Fetch me a coat
Walk my toes
And feed my kids
I'm looking for a woman with low self-esteem
One that looks real good in tight blue jeans
I'm looking for a woman who'll serve my needs
Won't talk back or criticize me

I hope you find one that ain't too smart
Laugh at my jokes
Don't mind when I fart
One that ain't working on her Ph.D.
Could last one to bring
She tried to kill me
Wax my fastball
Shun my boots
Fetch me a coat
Walk my toes
And feed my kids
I'm looking for a woman with low self-esteem
One that looks good


And feed my kids
I'm thinking of my good friend

Someone that could be in school

H member of the school

Everybody clout
La-ya-yo
and my boots
Hitch me a car
Walk my dog
And bait my kid
I'm looking for a woman
with a low self-esteem
One that looks real good
Who will stay home and claim
One that won't ask me
who, what, or why
And believe me when I tell her
I'm all face-like
I'm looking for a woman
with a low self-esteem
One that looks real good
And has blue jeans
I'm looking for a woman
who will serve my needs
Won't talk back
or treat us as me
Low self-esteem
Low self-esteem
Low self-esteem
Low self-esteem
Excuse me
Big burly guys in skirts
race dirt bikes
over our famous cruising track
See nitro-burning leather
boys drag down our runway
See the bumps and jumps
that'll throw those drag queens
30 feet in the air
Motocross dressing
See it there or be it there
Motocross dressing
Free ruby slippers
to the first hundred fans
Motocross dressing
So hot it flames
I just want to go
motocross dressing
Is that so wrong?
Mr. Johnson?
Yes?
Mrs. Corbeau, we'll see you now.
Thank you.
Oh, Mr. Johnson, have a seat.
Thanks.
I have to say I'm a little nervous.
Oh, that's understandable.
Just relax.
I've looked your resume over and I'm quite impressed.
Harvard MBA, magna cum laude.
You seem to be Colossal Industries' dream come true.
I just have a few preliminary questions.
Sure, ask me anything.
You seem to be a very impressive individual, Mr. Johnson.
Well, I don't like to come across as cocky.
I'm just a little bit nervous.






But I do expect big things from myself.
That doesn't surprise me at all.
Tell me, Mr. Johnson, where do you see yourself a year from now?
In a year?
I see myself with a major company such as yours.
Maybe not a promotion, but I do expect my people to see my ability.
Hmm.
How about in three years?
In three years, I see myself being a major asset to my department.
Really?
In five years?
In five years.
My magical transformation will have taken place, and I will become Habdashanana.
I will be lord over all I survey.
You, you will be my slave.
You puny humans can do nothing to stop me.
I will have my...
Uh...
Assistant manager.
I really think I could be assistant manager.
Oh.
Yes, thank you, Mr. Johnson.
We'll be in touch.
Migs, Tallboy, Shanana has surfaced.
He goes by the name of Johnson.
You know what to do.
You know, if you're still listening, then you're the kind of listener we're aiming at.
Oh.
Yeah.
That's right.
And the people doing the aiming in that case was a group called Hub City Spoke Repair.
Yes, indeed.
From New Jersey.
Jackson, New Jersey.
Um...
Whoa!
Sometimes I just don't know what to expect.
And, uh, I didn't know what to expect when I was handed that tape, but, yeah, it's a
it's a comedy group that's ready for prime time.
They also did the, uh, little mock commercials and love letter advice that was a little while
before that.
Chicks Dig Jerks was the song by Bill Hicks from his album Dangerous.
Most of that's a comedy album.
The song...
Oh, no, that's from Relentless, the other album.
Chicks Dig Jerks.
Man.
And, uh, Low Self-Esteem by an Arkansas band called Groove Handle.
We've played Groove Handle before.
They are a groove.
And, uh, and in the background, the evil Jay Cottons.
Ugly noises.
Let's just listen to his ugly noises.
I believe this is a piece called Zombo Frop Land.
There have been zombo problems.
Where are we?
Where?
Wait.
Wait.
Oh, I know where we are.
We're in California.
Yes, we're in Berkeley.
We'll have it all figured out.
It...
The description of this is in the compound name for La Oomloom, means flooded he, love
him.
He is God, the father of Jehovah who is hidden under the sky.

And the only one who has the power to do the deluging sea.
Doctor's operating.
Doctor's operating under operational instruction KYJ.
The entire program is upside down and backwards.
This gigantic torso of Os-On found on Easter Island is presently in the collection of the
British Museum.
Atop its large rugose dead-eyed rudiment of a head are two pictographic elements.
She's beautiful.
The top center represents Easter egg island while the larger rim represents the ocean
waters surrounding and deluging this at one time tallest lavaic mountain in the Pacific.
Here, during the Cenozoic age, gigantic rabbits once lived, giving rise to our current
legend of the Easter bunny, the somehow animate and live large rabbit who invests our subconscious,
even as he infects the minds of our young'uns and causes them to run riot.
In a search for Easter eggs, candy bubbles...
I have seen the gods and they are us!
And what about the tooth fairy?
This is nothing more than a malign deity.
Surviving into the contemporary era, just as the cuckoo clocks and mantel statuettes are
actually the secret household gods of the ancient Romans and Etruscans spying on us.
Now I take offense to you calling us Romans ancient.
We're only a few thousand years old.
Oh, tall boy, when I was your age, I was just a young'un indeed.
But it didn't give me the right to go calling the ancient gods something else than what they were.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
What are you saying?!

And now the Contraries are riding over the plane.
This just in off the subtenuous wire service.
It has been announced the subtenuous show has been cancelled due to bad ratings.
Callers have not been calling in and it was unequivocally announced that it had to be cancelled.
The head of ABC, NBC and CBS announced today that all efforts will be made in order to cancel it.
Fifteen minutes, boss. Fifteen more minutes of bibble babble.
No, there will be no further time. There will be no further broadcast.
The show will be cancelled at this exact moment.
It's T minus five seconds and that's all there is to it.
If you've got anything you've got to say, you better say it now because they're going, going, gone.
That's right. Offer ends tonight at midnight and dealers and inquiries welcome.
Give us a call.
It's after midnight, you stoop. Oh, my God.
There's no point. We can't pull this together.
But there's one thing more to be said.
Caramel popcorn.
Shut it down. Shut it down.
Well, this puts us right back where we started.
There's something fishy about all this.
Why can't it meet with your little crew?
You've wasted your time over a cheap romance.
And a stupid show.
Release the family.
Bring back Michelle.
Before Berlin comes down on our necks.
It's Berlin.
They are lovers.
Berlin? What?
Nabi.
No.
Nabi.
I remember exactly because it was the same day we heard His Excellency was shot.
Oh, thank you, Professor.
You're welcome.
Heitler.
Hey, I...
Heitler.
Decompress the chamber.
Maximum duration, ten seconds. Repeat.
Yes, friends, friends, you are listening to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slack.
Owohoh!!!
Hmm, well, why weren't they on our site?
We must fight, hurry onward.
Altogether.
Taking action, garlic or nettle, send calling!

These are the beschadding nations against which we March today!

Huh?


Our, our, our very own Hour of Snack.
Ah, yes.
Yeah, well, you know, it's weird because I've never felt normal.
I don't think I'm a subgenius.
But I think that the reason I don't feel normal is because I had an odd childhood, basically.
Well, Russ, have you ever thought about exploiting your abnormality potential?
Well, no, but what is so bad about being normal?
Man, I hate pulsars on the back of a tropical forest.
I hate it.
I hate everything that grows at the bottom of the sea that you can't see.
Just because we don't have the technology.
I hate those illusions that grow on the back of my ears when I don't wash enough.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it when blood comes out of my eyes.
I hate it.
I hate it when I tear my own hair out.
I hate it when I wake up in the morning and I crawl out of bed and I leave my bed.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I hate it when somebody comes up with a razor blade as I'm walking into work at 8 o'clock in the morning
and they cut my britches and they fall on the ground and I'm standing there and I forgot to put on my underwear.
I hate it.
I hate it when Bob comes to my house with a garbage sack full of poultry claiming to be my in-law.
I'm not married.
I'm not married.
Indecent.
I'm not married.
Beautiful little stupid bird.

Oh, well, it ain't straight up yet.
It ain't straight up yet.
Oh, well...
Well, just a moment, we'll, we'll...
Don't worry, Buck.
I got pills for that.
That's right.
It will be soon.
Now we gotta wait to tell you what, where we are until it's straight up.
Yeah, and you can help, friends.
If you can just stimulate your radio enough, put your hand on that radio and love.
Lay your hands on the radio and feel the power, the healing power come through.
That's right.
You can feel the power of your radio.
warming your hand up okay wait wait a minute wait a minute but we're playing
it we're still scared we're still scared
who is this man where did he come from
what fiendish power did he possess that could ruin the life of this girl
which will allow you to continue to have
a
repeated ecstasies we will come to many climactic moments yes yes an excess of
ecstasies and climactic moments for at least the next half hour at least
but continue as long as you can my friends an excess of stamina for you
praise bob praise bob and pass the hour of slack and the almond oil it is a
time of flickering
in more action a time when the old standards have crumbled as if hit by history's greatest
tidal wave of filth and perversion and sexual promiscuity and dreamed of even five years ago
sex and violence
sex
sex
sex
sex
sex
violence
sex
sex
sex








so much sex

so much sex

the sex
is being
terminated
we would change
sex

the fon
that's
not

of….
the end
that's
such R ما
simply Bob.
We hope you're ready for slack.
Oh, lots of slack.
And, well, as once was said by Father Angus,
if you're listening, you'll soon be glistening.
It does tend to wet you down a little bit.
I don't know if it's sweat or tears
or some other sort of lubrication,
but the hour of slack is definitely the best product
for curing all of your ills
and, you know, moisturizing skin and other parts.
Is swimming in slack, though, being truly slackful?
Well, maybe floating.
Well, it depends.
See, if you're swimming in slack,
you don't have to make any effort.
It's effortless.
There you are.
Yeah, that would be slackful swimming.
Slippery sliding, slackful swimming.
And if this confuses you folks,
well, fear not.
It will all be made crystal clear.
And I will apply little calipers to the front of my head
and as my nozzle is gently,
very, very quietly and very softly,
ripped through my face
and since slithering off into the black mist,
the void of consciousness.
And consciousness is a big void for some of us
and nobody cares.
A big void for some of us
and nobody cares.
How come no one wants to talk about Earth Day?
What happens on Earth Day, Dave?
What happened?
I see they're already commercializing Earth Day.
You can go to Kmart
and get your little Earth Day sweatshirties.
You can go to Kmart


and get your little Earth Day nylon socks.
You can go to Kmart
and get your Earth Day little plastic hat.
And a polyester jock.
And a polyester jock.
And a polyester jock.
You people make me sick.
What did you say, Bob?
I said good Lord.
Were they the instruments of evil?
600.
Three score.
That phone number is...
Six.
306 score and 600 and 966.
We're...
No, no, we're...
No, don't worry.
You guys...
There's nothing here.
Then we can make the plans now.
We can really reveal the plans.
No, there's no problem.
No, don't reveal the plans.
But we can't talk about any of this stuff.
We can't talk about Bohandas or Rumaus or Kitty.
No, don't...
Please, don't talk about any...
Because those confused people...
Bohandas was walking through Tokyo.
Bohandas is the friend of all the little children.
What about Wolwo?
Yes, friends.
Halloween is getting closer.
Closer and closer.
And it is going to be very scary.
Here in the subgenius world.
And even out there in the world of reality.
Stand up on your...
Everybody wants to have three puppies in a bar of soap.
I can't take it.
You can't...
You can't clean...
You can't wash soap.
What are you going to do?
Cut that bar of soap in half and rub it against itself?
Soap is the cleanest thing known to man.
You can't wash this show out of your ears either.
Yeah.
I tried scrubbing it out.
You tried scrubbing it out.

You tried rubbing it out.
You tried scouring it out.
This is the show that's amazing.
You go listen to six hours of Beethoven right now,
and I can guarantee you, you'll still hear this show tomorrow morning.
That's right.
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶
¶¶

...return my love, a longing burns deep inside me.
Retain my love, I want you always beside me.
Love like house, my love.
Just be made for you and for me.
Return.
Won't you return my love?
For my love is yours.
Went to the cupboard.
Lord, to get a poor daughter a bowl.
Was she a bit old, my brother took over.
Because you know he had a bowl of his own.
Stoop down, baby.
Stoop down and see what your daddy can see.
Stoop down.
Stoop down.
You sure ain't got nothing but hate.
Oh, that's where you've been.
Midnight.
Night.
Night.
Midnight.
Night.
Midnight.
Midnight.


Midnight.
Night.
Midnight.
And the audience loves it.
Yeah, thank you.
At least my mind is still okay.
They can't get enough of it.
Mindly still, I have.
Okay.
Here we go.
Now Jader's going to balance seven poke miles on his head.
High speed.
And it's time for you to tell me a little bit about what my industry is.
Here we go.
I have a mind.
Have I mind... least... still...
Have I mind... still...
...intro-graph...
...extended...
...the least on my mind?
What's the meaning of the word meaning?
What's the meaning of the word word?
What's the meaning of the word the?
What's the meaning of the word what?
What are you by do? What are you by do by do by do?
Money is to burn.
Hit Dominica Honda's octoboon lady.
Ahhhh! It's in my ear, it's in my ear!
No, no, that wasn't, that's not the show.
That's one of those creatures that...
That's right, Dr. Jewell, that was that thing that was growing on you earlier today.
Oh no, it's in my ear now?
It's in your ear.
Oh no, I'm gonna have to change shirts as well as shorts, this is awful.
What now?
I, you're, you're drooling.
Anybody can tell from listening to this that there's big puddles of saliva just leaping from your face.
We have nothing to slow down.
Why don't you slow down and express yourself?
No, I do.
But, we're, we're very disorganized up here.
You gotta understand that.
I don't even know what I'm saying.
Well, I don't even understand what the person asked us.
I mean, come on.
You're dealing with people that put on a show like this.
What do you think's gonna happen?
Hello, you're talking to Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
This isn't WGAR or Mannequin or anything.
Indians can't even take peyote no more, can't even celebrate their own religion.
And you can get all this sticky...
There's this big dumb looking polythene swimming pool that's an earth...
I don't even know what I'm, uh...
Hello, you're talking to Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
You know what I'm saying here?
I'm kinda like a smooth, uh, smooth sailor from outer space.
If you catch my...
Well, I'm not asking you to catch my...
If you catch my tire drift, I...
I'm sorry, what now?
Hey, guys.
Uh, yes?
What's happenin'?
I'm sweating profusely.
Uh, we're heavy into recycling down at the farm here.
Uh-huh.
Well, that's a damn good idea.
I'm glad somebody has decided to re-flourish the earth, as it were.
To return those aliens to, uh...
Well, they're not from here.
Are they?
No, well, they're not, but, uh...
But if you believe Heinrich Himmler,
the, the Reichsmarschall of...
of outer Greece,
you, you would know...
Oh, well.
...that the aliens come from the center of the core of the Velikov skin void.
I'm sorry, pig man.
I'm sorry.
Don't they, uh...
Don't they, uh, dump off, uh, styrofoam cups up on the way down?
You were...
Now, won't you say something about my dysfunctional thing?
No, it's these aliens.
They're...
They're known to carry a bunch of styrofoam all the time.
What do you do?
Squish them down?
It could be done.
Well, I'll go for that plan.
Squish them all down, make, like, very flat pancake things,
we'll ship them out on a big old bed truck
and dump it somewhere in Louisiana in the middle of a swamp.
All right, well, you, you can do this.
We'll, we'll, we'll burn all of them down.
Yeah, but I want to cover the carry charge.
You give me, like, a 25% thing, okay?
Okay.
All right.
Okay, but you gotta preserve them in large
so we'll get the other spin going.
You know what I mean?
A spin's a spin!
You know, I just realized that I've been extrapolating about
who put the snot on my gumbo as a Creole favorite,
and now I hear someone has a song called
Who Put the Booger on My Beer Mug.
So never, ever will I say,
Who Put Snot in My Gumbo ever again!
I swear by God on this Earth Day coming up day!
Lonesome guy.
Save the trees, man!
You think I'm hampered by a lack of brain cells?
It doesn't do a damn bit of difference, does it?
Yeah, it does.
Save the trees, man.
I can't hear you.
Save the trees.
Save the trees.
Save the world.
The tree with nipples that feed the world
like mighty acorns.
Save the trees.
Oh!
My head is ringing!
Henry, my friend Kyle, the craft collector,
is gonna come get your butt, get your butt.

Now, will you want to perform a proctological examination on me,
the king of Mars?
You silly fool!
Oh, you're talking to a lonesome cowboy, Dave.
That's right, folks.
Send all your money to Dr. Howell.
Care of this station in five years.
Howell can be very charming.
And the more he's adored by his followers,
the more powerful he becomes.
And the more powerful, the more influence he has.
Now we hear he's saying he's Christ.
I say bury him under a rock.
If he comes up in three days, then I'll believe he's Jesus.
I'd like to dedicate this next song to all of you
who are out there listening to the show and...
On the show.
It's spooky.
...being with us tonight here.
It's pootie.
It's almost 6 o'clock, but, uh...
It has all of those adjectives...
We still have a little fun and good cheer to go around.
We're still trying to find out where the fun and good cheer went.
And we're gonna see the night out with you, our audience.
As we all feel good about the show.
Feel good about our mission here on the air.
It's our nameless mission.
Ain't got no name.
It's just a mission.
It's what we gotta do.
We don't say why we do what we do, but you kinda know.
Otherwise, well, you wouldn't be listening.
The caller, mesmerized by the voices, finds himself unable to move.
And turns the stereo up past societally acceptable limits.
I wish you'd just come out, come forth with some bold, brilliant statement.
Just say a few words instead of muttering in this sullen fashion in the background.
Okay, okay, okay.
All right, now, what's your beef?
Well, it would be nice if everybody would just pay their pledge.
Yes.
Pay your pledge.
Well, yes, of course.
That's certainly important.
You know, tithing is demanded, not just requested.
But I...

But I will give it back to you now.
Well, uh, make sure you have the right address so I receive the full benefit of the prime premium and significant monetary emolument.
I appreciate the kindness.
Remember, to give is to be blessed.
Thank you.
You can open the jar now.
Well, you've got some air holes there, uh...
Uh...
Uh...

Uh...
Uh...
He's pretending he can't breathe.
He's on a breathing strike.
Well, this...
This would affect some people, but, uh...
Frankly, I...
Let me see.
I was looking in my sermon this morning, and, uh...
It said that, uh...
Bob, who being in very nature Dobbs, did not consider equality with anti-Bob something to be grasped, clutched, or palpated, but rather smoked in his living pipe, like a fine burly or rum-soaked shag.
He himself, nothing taken away from Bob.

He was taking the very nay, sure, taking instead the very nature of a salesman, never taking no for an answer.
And being in appearance as a man, he fumbled himself in the dark, staining the sheets, and became obedient to everything.
Uh-huh.
Just don't shake it.
No.
You don't want to see the, uh... the settling sediment.
You might have to cut the opening a little bit wider, too, to actually get the liquid out of the bottle, but...
Uh-huh.
Well, we'll be giving you such tips for...
For, uh, consumption and, um, redemption, as it were, for the next three hours.
Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether this cult, that cult, or for that matter, any cult, should so long endure.
We are met on a great potter's field of that war.
These bland pinks, living and dead, shall little know, nor long remember, what we do here.
By the way, I forget, just what is it that we are doing here, anyway?
Oh, yeah, right.
It is for we, the living...
To confess that J.R. Bob Dobbs is dead, dead dead.
To the infinite gratification of Jehovah One, the Father, senile, infinitely maligned space god.
Jesus came here as a servant, but Dobbs came as a salesman, through scriptures, chapter 21st, 19.
And he came unto the daughters of the farmers, and knew them well, when there was no room for him to be by himself during the night.
And in the morning before the sunrise, he continued traveling upon his route,
so that the franchise might not be usurped.
Yea, and to this day, it never hath been so.
Bobbs is still the route, Bobbs is still the franchise.
And now, as Sister Basilica passes out among you, as she sniffs the contents of the collection plate,
each and every one of you should reach down, deep down, and give, give to the Church of the Powerful, blinding apostasy,
which fears no throne, but exults in its own freedom to scatter its fundaments on the earth.
Soiling the uppers of its shoes, to let down the inward-produced product of its concentration,
fertilizing the fields of science, sorcery, art, and religion.
Hull can be very charming, and the more he is adored by his followers, the more powerful he becomes.
For lo, the frop cloudeth my brain, and my buckler and shield are ripped away.
I am naked before thee, Dobbs, all neckoy. Thou who hast unbuckled my buckler and unsnapped my shield,
which was my sole protection.
Yea, my buckler being so unbuckled, I am even as a pro-bucker, buck naked before Bobb.
Bobb dashes a bucket of ice water over my loins.
The buck passeth not, while the buck and the doe dwell in the same forest.
The buck is Bobb, he is bucking first.
He changeth brickbats into buckets of bucks.
Bucks, bucks, yea, bucks, bucks, but a awkward buck.
Boy, Buck does that so nicely.
That's right, Buck, can you come out to California and say a station ID for us?
Buck underwent four operations to get his vocal cords to be able to do that.
But he still hasn't been Wellmanized. Well, let's do that to him after the show.
And I'll inform the head.
The head, what about the head?
What about the scary poster of Dobbs' thing?
That evil head.
There is no sign of Wellman.
There's no sign of Wellman.
We're just laying low right here and hoping that we can get in touch with you.
Wellman's gone?
Yea, Wellman's gone.
Psychic dog.
If we can just get the head inside that lead-lined vault, we'll be okay.
Friends, beware that head.
Save it.
I left a little Wellman at home, but he wants to be in touch.
The bleeding head of Arnold Palmer rose slowly above the trap between the third and fourth greens.
Down at Onion Creek Country Club and golf course.
Thumping slowly like an over-enlarged fig,
the bleeding head slowly rose at a gentle angle above the green dripping blood.
It hovered briefly over the sand trap and then slowly ascended towards the constellation of Orion
at an angle of about 44.325 degrees, like a shot off a shovel.
There was no doubt that it was the head of Arnold Palmer.
That moon-faced smile was unforgettable.
The population, the population of southeast Austin went wild.
They tore off their clothes, danced in the streets and said,
the bloody head has come.
The time is here.
Take off your clothes and be somebody.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer was above such things.
The bloody head of Arnold Palmer rose gently.
Buffeting itself slightly as it passed among some ancient pecan trees.
Slowly, still ever moving upwards, it wobbled slightly.
Spraying a small glissando of blood, so to speak, on the people below it.
Healing two old ladies and giving an old man a substantial gland rebuild.
At 14 minutes after 9, the bleeding head was sighted on the forward control radar access plant at Tarkstrom Air Force Base.
Three interceptors were scrambled, one of which crashed on takeoff.
They could find nothing.
Radar was still tracking the head.
The bloody head moved north.
Rocketed over Dallas and Fort Worth.
The radar at Caswell Air Force Base gave subsequent indications that something large and wet was moving north northeast.
While ascending still upwards towards the constellation of Orion.
The bloody head moved on.
14 ex-virgins were rejuvenated in Lubbock.
The blood was still there.
The head came off the entrance gate and jumped off the runway.
While the tail of the aircraft left the site, somehow the head still passed through the other side that is below thešeo.
The Roberto subcontractor
Keep your hands out of each other's marsupial pockets, boys.
That's right.
One of these tapes just go right out, don't they?
They sure do, Reverend Stank.
G. Gordon Gordon's
Ode to the Bleeding Head.
insane poetry dear friends or inane poetry or sacred spouting who cares at this point and you
may have been wondering maybe possibly you're somebody who just happened to be tuning through
the dial no no we were in Little Rock Wednesday yeah we're gonna be in Sanford no we're gonna be
right here in Dallas the rest of the time and you can actually write for information on this
outreach of the Church of the subgenius you know that Bob Dobbs stuff that slack guy and then this
that head just write for free information we'll send you catalog of our books tapes and so forth
a self-addressed stamped envelope makes all the difference or just throw it throwing stamp or
something you know I did it free information
first hit anyway to Bob at post office box one four zero three zero six that's right box one four
oh three oh six Dallas Texas seven five two one four once again that's box one four oh three oh six
Dallas Texas
seven five two one four and just address that to Bob you know or the hour of slack it don't matter
none to us
foreign
35
Bao
a
one
time
threatening
one


© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
