© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
They are Bob Dogs.
And here you can hear Bob coming, friends.
Oh, he is my load.
So when you say, next time you say,
Boy, I heard that Reverend saying on the radio,
he sure is a snotty guy.
This time you can mean it literally,
because though sick, though afflicted with a cold,
the show must go on.
And, you know, being sick didn't stop Tammy Baker.
As a matter of fact, yesterday in the,
now this was in the paper yesterday,
Tammy under treatment.
Tammy Baker, wife of TV preacher Jim Baker,
who I'm sure you all watch all the time,
said Friday that she has had a drug problem for 17 years
and has been undergoing detoxification
at, I believe, the Betty Ford rehab clinic for several weeks.
She and her husband,
said the disclosure was made during a TV taping
in Fort Mills, South Carolina,
to dispel rumors about their three-month absence from the tube.
Tammy Baker said her problem had gotten so bad,
her drug problem, friends,
had gotten so bad that she hyperventilated several times
while doing the show.
I kind of know how that is.
And sometimes couldn't see her husband's head.
I'm not alone.
And thought she saw cats sitting on the airplane wing
on the way to the Betty Ford Center for treatment.
And at the hospital, she saw demons coming at her.
Well, friends, I'm afraid to tell you,
these demons may have been for real.
But, you know, being sick never stopped Oral Roberts either,
another great sub, well, not exactly a subgenius preacher,
but a sub-something.
I mean, he was seeing 900-foot-tall Jesuses
and has died twice.
And you still haven't sent him any money.
And if you don't,
send money to K&O Ender and the Pledge Drive
next week, dear friends.
Your guru and mine, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
will die of acquired, well, AIDS.
So, I know that's sick, sick.
But, you know, like I say,
sickness has never stopped a subgenius preacher.
Cut the tongue off of one subgenius ranter, dear friends,
and ten more will grow in its place.
Right, right.
But you want to know, what you really want to know is
just exactly what is this church of the subgenius?
And that question, friends, is asked a thousand times a day,
every day, somewhere.
And it's a good question.
It's a good thing to ask,
because it's about the only pertinent question you can ask
in this day and age.
It's a million-legged church
crawling around inside your cranium.
But there's one point that it'll keep coming back to,
and that point, friends, is Bob.
Bob is, was, and ever shall be.
Bob is you.
Bob is me.
Bob is the commissure to the id,
the light that glows in the heart and mind
of every free-thinking subgenius.
And Bob is amazing.
A man.
A real man.
And it's Bob.
It always comes down to that,
because Bob is slack.
Slack, well, you know what slack is.
It's what you don't have,
because they took it away.
But you'll be taught how to get slack back on this program.
You'll be taught by somebody you can trust completely,
by J.R. Bob Dobbs himself.
And the fact that you've gotten this far,
listening this far into this show,
indicates that you have not been
put completely to sleep.
You haven't been totally taken in by them.
Not yet.
But they can still trick you.
Oh, as bait, they'll feed you too much
of the wrong kind of slack.
The false slack of the conspiracy.
You know about the conspiracy.
Them.
Them.
Not us, them.
It was they that took away your real slack.
But you're not one of them, and never were.
Not even when they made you want to be.
In fact, that's why they wanted your slack.

Never slack.
That's why you had slack in the first place.
And even though they managed to steal most of it,
they obviously haven't got it all,
and they haven't got Bob.
And as long as there's one free man among us,
their system cannot be complete,
because by nature it is a closed system.
And if we can keep their system incomplete,
it will close down of its own accord.
By their own law, dear friends,
their law,
their justice,





And this is the power of normalcy.
They wanted you to at least want to be normal.
And you may look normal,
you may act normal,
but you aren't normal, are you?
You just aren't normal.
And it's the power of that abnormality that saves you.
Dear friend,
you know,
I was just reading
this news clipping
that came out in Science Frontiers last week.
Open your Science Frontiers booklet
to page 14 and a half,
which says that Neanderthal man may still survive in Asia.
You know all continents have their tales of wild men,
abominable snowmen,
sasquatches, and so forth.
But, um,
here, this description from General Mikhail Topilsky,
when he was in the Altai Islands,
in Inner Mongolia,
saw a creature emerging from a cave.
The eyes were dark,
and the teeth were large,
and even shaped like human teeth.
The forehead, though, was slanting,
and the eyebrows were very powerful.
The protruding jaw bones made the face resemble the Mongol type of face.
The nose was very flat.
The lower jaws were very massive.
And after reviewing mountains of evidence, friends,
it's obvious that these al-Mashti are very likely surviving Neanderthals.
They have the physical characteristics,
and so do I, dear friends, so do I,
and so do many of you.
And it's because you share the blood of the Yeti.
Yes, the Yeti.
You're not human.
Not completely.
The consp...
Oh, listen to that.
Isn't it good to know you're not hu...
And, you know, there's surviving Neanderthals in South America, too.
Colonel Fawcett standing as a geographer cannot be refuted
when he saw these sub-highlanders.
These hominoids, uh...
You know, in Brazil in 1914.
Because, see,
the conspiracy burns humans as fuel.
But subgeniuses aren't humans.
Nay, nay.
We gum up the works.
Now, if you're a human,
you've, uh, dear listener,
you've been listening to the show a bit too long.
Shut it off.
Turn down the radio,
because you don't want to hear the rest, believe me.
Now, the rest of you,
you may have heard the term subgenius sometime before,
but you may not be able to quite put your finger on it,
almost as if it were some dim racial memory,
some archetype from Neanderthal times,
and that may very well be the case.
The church wasn't founded until 1953,
the Church of the Subgenius, that is,
and it was 1979 before Dobbs created the Hour of Slack
as a vehicle to bring the teachings to the public.
But subgeniuses have always existed,
even before Dobbs.
In all the cradles of civilization,
Sumeria, Egypt, Atlantis,
clues have been found which prove the existence of the conspiracy
and of the subgeniuses who fought to subdue it.
The wisdom of those ancient subgeniuses was never lost.
Carried down by secret oral traditions,
it lies latent in many living people's minds.
Waiting only to be triggered by the abnormality revolution.
Perhaps even as you listen to my voice,
you can feel those ancestral powers and arcane memories
surging up from within your darkest brain gutters.
Ask yourself,
don't you feel different at this exact moment than you ever did before?
Isn't it because you feel some vague and momentous force
emanating from these very airwaves?
You didn't just wander across the dial
and happen to pick up this broadcast.
You were led to us,
and we to you by powers much greater than man
and yet seemingly more random than fate.
But the ways of the great manipulator in space, Jehovah One,
only appear random.
Yes, our paths crossed because it was planned,
plotted out eons ago by alien minds
more bizarre than your wildest nightmares.
As part of a work net,
a cosmic scheme woven into such a complex,
complex web that not just human history,
but the fabric of cause and effect themselves were disrupted.
Face it, the very fact of your ears moving across this radio dial
at this moment is inevitably and sub-atomically decreed.
You are locked into the machinations of a cosmic puppeteer
who works your strings so skillfully
you never knew they were there.
Until now.
It got tasty.
Dr. Shannon has fully reached the actual
stream,
states the moral promise.
The pieces of dead children.
You were able to...
go through time for 100 to 200 years,
and you look back on the 80s, and you say,
Bob, yes, yes, he was a very small birth then,
but he grew, and he overtook this entire Earth,
and now there's just a few pockets of the other type of religion it is to be.
If God is everything, Bob is everything else.
Bob isn't the answer,
but neither is anything else.
Well, Bob supersedes all gods.
I don't want to, you know, put...
He's not interested in other gods.
Why are you so nervous?
Except me. I can't stand being alone with myself.
Calm down there, half of you, Bob.
The gospel will save you from this insane world that we live in.
We live in a sick, sick society.
In this never-changing world in which we live in,
you ought to give it a try.
This is a crooked and perverse nation, my friend.
This caller is, I can tell, he's got the code of the Yeti
leaking out of his ears.
Whoa!
Establish justice, ensure domestic tranquility,
provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare,
ordain and establish this conflict recently.
It's so relative.
It's more relative than Einstein ever thought, dear friends.
I told you I was going to...
Meow.
Hello, you're on the air.
Could he be the one?
Maybe.
But will he be ours to control?
Will they be able to control you, friends?
Are you the one?
I guess not.
But let me tell you a little parable.
This is a parable told by J.R. Bob Dobbs in the olden days.
The music you're listening to, by the way,
was done largely by yours truly with the help of Walt Disney.
Oh, it feels so good.
And this is the story, dear friends,
of weirdmen and normalmen
told around campfires for aeons by good subgenius parents.
Well...
In...
In the times before the times of trouble,
before the years of P.E.,
there was a man named Normalman
and his brother, Weirdman.
Now, Normalman was a successful man.
He worked very hard to...
Not just to support his family,
in fact, not primarily for that,
but to advance his career.
He was a very popular fellow at the office,
but he worked late and worked very hard
so that he could own the many video decks
and CD players that he needed
in order to retain his status as Normalman.
But his brother, Weirdman,
was a slacker, one might say.
He would get out and drive around the city
pretending to look for a job,
but generally having fun
and getting into long, involved conversations
with other disaffected souls.
Yes, Weirdman was what Normalman considered a kook,
for he was completely obsessed
with strange scientific discoveries
and political viewpoints
never accepted in the mainstream.
And so, many times,
Weirdman, who made very little effort
to make any money,
had to go and borrow from Normalman.
But then, one day,
there was a terrible nuclear war.
And on that day,
why, it was Weirdman who was well prepared
and went deep into his fallout shelter
where he survived.
Normalman, however,
had to crawl through the rubble,
his hair blowing away in the wind,
vomiting every few steps, so to speak,
until he made it to the door of Weirdman's fallout shelter.
He banged upon the door, saying,
Oh, Weirdman, it is so ironic
that you were the one who actually was
the industrious, prepared one,
and I, in my smugness,
neglected to prepare for such a terrible emergency
which I thought my friends in the conspiracy
would never inflict on me.
Me having voted for them,
I thought that they would love me.
But here they have destroyed my city.
May I come into your fallout shelter?
Well, at this,
Weirdman opened the door
and machine-gunned Normalman
and dragged his body down into the fallout shelter
where he ate him.
However, this did Weirdman very little good,
because in the end,
a new gang of better equipped survivalists
came along and took his fallout shelter away
and ate him.
But, dear friends,
that is not the end of the story,
nor the moral,
for there was a third brother we haven't mentioned,
Bobman.
Why, when those nuclear explosions
were melting the eyeballs of all those around him,
Bobman was miraculously protected
in a force field-like bubble
and taken up into the special sex vessels
of the goddesses from Planet X,
the Exists,
where he was evolved into a great overman,
all because he carried a membership card.
He was a member of the subgenius,
as well as a sustaining membership for K.N.O.N.,
whereas Weirdman and Normalman
had neglected these so important things.
So, children,
I hope that this has been something
of an important
and a well-understood lesson to you.
And perhaps you will then understand
the importance
of this.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
J.R. Bob Dobbs, dear friends,
the living slack master
of mystic sales training,
the bridge between Heaven and Earth
and Hell,
the wordless Bobhead,
the naked Dobbs,
all-knowing,
all-prevailing,
all-just,
all-true,
all-none,
all-one,
Dobbs is the one true way
by which we may finally achieve
that elusive slack
which has been denied us.
Science and religion
each prove totally different things,
yet they both appear to be true,
and so, by divine logic,
the answer must be Bob.
Ah, friends, friends, it's...
Oh, listen to that.
You see, I'm cured now.
You haven't heard me sneeze
or sniffle once this whole time.
It's because I have dominion
over the evil one,
and so too can you
if you will but call
the Willa Dobbs here
at 823-749-0828-9500
to find out what is going on.
This is an unusual night here
at KNON 90.9 FM in Dallas, Texas,
because we're solid live.
It's a challenge.
It's something that, uh,
well, some...
The musicians that I requested
come play on the show
thought it was too much of a challenge
and refused to take it on,
but, friends, sickness will never stop
a subgenius doctor.
Nay, nay, nay.
We will...
We will, uh...
We will overcome these things
because, as I say,
we have the power,
the power of that mighty,
mighty man.
Wait.
I think I hear him.
In the distance.
Yes, the power of Bob.
And once again, you're thinking,
oh, God, do we have to listen
to more cult preachings?
Is this like the Baha'is or someone
with their cosmic New Age
sweetness and light baloney?
Well, friends,
it ain't like that.
No, no, it's far worse.
A thousand times worse.
Bob doesn't want any part of the New Age
with its hallucinated love gods.
The New Age is already here
and it obviously, uh,
it's obviously worthless.
I'd rather use stronger language there,
but it's against the law on these stations.
But someday, friends, Bob will overcome.
Bob will, will overcome the,
the fools and the unbelievers.
Those who would, you know...
Oh.
If you only knew.
If you only knew what that mighty man...
Well, enough of that.
Enough of that.
I've got so many cassettes stacked up here.
I am hallucinating, friends.
You know, I haven't been reading
from the book of the subgenius.
No, no.
I've been preaching straight from the gut.
And, uh, you may say,
oh, yeah, Dr. H sounds like he's seeing things for sure.
He must be.
But, you know...
You don't have to have J.R. Bob Dobbs
to have a good time.
You don't need Bob.
Oh, some of you do.
Some of you would say so.
Some of you Bobbies out there would say,
oh, Reverend Stang, if I,
if I don't have Bob in my life,
how could I possibly be happy?
You don't have to have him, like,
breathing down the back of your neck
every minute of the day.
Bob is a short-duration personal savior,
if you don't mind.
And, uh, you know, he's, this is a,
this is a, uh,
a, uh, overworked world, dear friends.
This is a world where we've got
too much going on,
too much of the...
You know, that TV camera is driving me nuts.
There's a, there's a TV camera
hanging over the, my shoulder, dear friends.
And so, that booger's got me flustered a bit.
It's funny the difference between microphones
and TV lenses.
Tasty prairie squid spread.
Salted and unsalted varieties available
on the East Coast only.
The radioactive cloud is now over Little Rock.
This is WFMU-FM East Orange.
And this is Sister Chris.
And you just heard from a half hour
of the Church of the Subgenius tape.
Hey.
Courtesy of the Subgenius Foundation.
Get a pen, get a pencil,
get a bloody finger,
and write to the Subgenius Foundation,
P.O. Box 140306,
Dallas, Texas 75214,
to receive more information
than you can ever assimilate.
Dear friends,
are you under the power
of the clammy claw of Negi?
Have you ever seen a rope
around your neck being drawn tighter and tighter
by Jehovah-1 alien space god?
Either way, you need to practice
the bludgeon art of disconnection.
Sever that tie
to the six second maximum attention span
synchronized with conspiracy cues.
Scramble that signal.
Realize that slack can be found
in the six second random attention span
alternating with a non-pattern
of a googolplex lifetime attention span.
Get it?
Get out.
trance out, mutate that theory of relativity until you're practicing the law of irrelevancy.
The Bible heroes never had it so good. Syncopate that rhythm of life. Make fun by having it with,
or do I mean have fun by making it with, the zomboid normals. Of course, don't mix that
blessed Yeti gene code. Blast them wide open with the psychic weapon of spontaneity and hit
them with the soft spot of unexpected. Usually look at it in the sponge between their ears.
Force them to disconnect from their played out routines. Either way, they won't know how to react
and they'll stare at you and drool, or you may strike gold by tickling the funny femur of a latent
subgenius. Any way you slice it with wit, my friends, it all comes back to thinking on your feet. Shave those pigs.
This is Dennis from the smithereens. This is Joe Ely. Oh, this is Rusty Weary. Hello. Hi, we're two of the devil's fans.
Hello there. Um, this is Simon from the cure. Hello, Dallas, Texas. This is Jerry Dale McFadden.
Hi, this is Rory Brown. Howdy, this is Bob Walkenhorse of the Rainmakers. K-N-O-N 90.9,
the voice of the people. You better believe it, folks. And it is a voice of the people
and the people.
And other things. And, uh, as I promised, um, since I don't have the real live band, but I do have a band here that you won't hear on record for a long time yet.
This is an early, early, early unofficial pre-release of, um, well, just, just listen and try, try to guess here.
And praise Bob every chance you get. Praise or kill Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
MICHIGAN BRA Jahr.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob.
Somewhere
There's a place for us
Somewhere
Somewhere
There will be a time for us
Somewhere
Somewhere
Somewhere
Hold my hand and I'll take you there
Sing, sing, sing
Sing a lullaby
Sing, sing, sing
Come able to hear
Sing, sing, sing
Sing, sing, sing
Sing, sing, sing
Now there is a way
Burn the world
Burn the world
Burn it now
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Or worse, that will be largely up to the Exists.
The Exists, dear friends, are a race of benevolent aliens somewhere between man and God.
Their technical and psychic powers, while no match for Yahweh's,
are yet nothing short of godlike to us roaches, the earth mammals.
They're bodiless, but they can take on whatever form they choose,
or they can be a million different things at once.
These benign space monsters have walked among us throughout history,
investigating and sometimes resisting the omnipervasive presence of Jehovah One and his minions,
the extinction of the dinosaurs, the rise and, quote, fall, unquote, of Atlantis shortly thereafter,
the erection of the pyramids, Stonehenge, and other monuments which no slopeheads alone could possibly build.
All these events and more are so inextricably interwoven
with the existence of the universe that they are so much more than just a matter of time.
It's the invisible background wars between the Exists, Jehovah One, and the Elder Gods
that all the ancient astronaut fossils in the world offer only the vaguest of clues.
The movie rights alone to this gut-wrenching history are worth millions.
It isn't what the Exists have done, though.
It's what they're about to do that's important.
On July 5th, 1998, at 7 a.m., dear friends, when we all have hangovers,
Wotan's judgment will take place in the form of what the prescriptures call
the advent of the angelic host.
The Exists will descend with their scientifically magic implements,
their bestowals of technology that will be too much for us to handle.
In one instant, all the hangovers will disappear, along with all pollution and nuclear weapons.
But in return, the human race will have to take on living machinery,
live neck braces so complex,
that though they are peaceful, the end result will be the equivalent of letting toddlers play with a nuclear arsenal.
Bob, and not some conspiracy one-world government, must be there in a position of world leadership to explain
humanity's behavior to the Exists in ways they can understand, so that they don't put us out of our misery
with a snap of their cosmic finger like they did the dinosaurs.
The right people, us, must be the ones that the Exists make into
superhuman overmen.
And then, even then, things will be damn tough for the rest of this period,
which is called the time and half time in occult jargon.
The end result will be the end of the world.
The end result will be the end of the world.
The end result will be the end of the world.
The end result will be the end of the world.
The end result will be the end of the world.
Of course, dear friends, Bob may be able to avert the invasion before the Exists get here.
But only if you pledge enough money to K-N-O-N next week, during the pledge drive.
But even if that happens, the scales of the luck plane will require something else equally momentous to maintain the cosmic balance.
No matter what, something big, yes, BIG is on the way.
It may or may not be the end of the world.
Hopefully it'll only be the end of THEIR world.
But it will be the end of something.
Something that was so near and dear to us that we've taken it for granted.
And therefore, when it goes, we won't notice.
The word human will take on a whole new meaning.
And most yo-yos will never be the wiser.
Either way, the end will come and go.
And if it isn't cataclysmic, it will be the end of the world.
And it won't get airplay.
And if it is, we'll have all the wrong explanations for it.
Since no explanation could ever be the right one,
we'll be bemoaning the loss of things that didn't make any difference,
and never even notice what we really lost.
Because we won't be human enough afterwards to remember we ever had it.
Yes, all you deaf ears down there, heads up!
Look out below!
Oh, there'll be plenty of distractions to take our minds off the REAL problems
as the end times draw to their violent climax.
For instance, beware!
The fake God Junior, the anti-Bob, will come before long.
Bullets cannot stop him.
He's one of the deceptively human-looking advanced supersonic Nazi hell creatures
from beneath the hollow Earth.
Parasites of the Elder Gods.
But most people will think he's the Second Coming.
And his alien hiney will be kissed all the way to world dictatorship and beyond.
And if the true Messiah were to show up at that time,
everyone would just know in the bottom of their core programming that he's the Antichrist.
Because you'll cuss and spit and take the Lord's name in vain,
and hang out with whores and bull-daggers and dope addicts and cops and other down-home sorts.
And when he's dead, and the real Antichrist has been unmasked as a fake,
they'll wail and gnash their teeth and all that, and still never admit what they did.
Warning! This is a warning!
Danger, danger, you poor devils!
Things are more mixed up than you would ever dream.
What was up is down.
The priorities are all screwy.
You're fretting if your hair looks okay,
while some new kind of bladder cancer is bursting out the front of your designer jeans.
Yes, this is all bad talk.
You won't listen to anything else.
You won't look at TV unless body parts or cars are jiggling or crashing on it.
You won't taste your food unless it has some nerve drug in it.
You haven't used your other senses since you were five,
and you sure as hell won't stop what you're doing.
Until someone much bigger, much stronger, and much, much more self-assured makes you stop.
And then you'll thank him for it.
And then just before you fry in a flash of radioactive hindsight,
you'll realize he stopped you from doing the wrong thing.
Good God! What in the name of sweet screaming Jesus is this world coming to?
People bitch, people gripe.
This is a sign of the end times. That's a sign of the end times.
When you should all be hollering,
it's all a sign of the end times.
There used to be more than one source for alternative rock and roll in Dallas, Fort Worth.
Now there is only one, the proud voice of the rockin' people.
KNON 90.9 FM Stereo in Dallas plays more alternative rock and roll music
than all the other radio stations in North Texas combined.
Monday night, Elmo, Latex, and Kelly bring you music from the hip.
Tuesday night, 7 till 9 PM, it's Tim Hibbs and Brave New Radio.
Tuesday night, late, 11 PM till midnight, Jeff Webb's Vital Hour puts the spotlight on a vital artist each week.
Wednesday night, 7 till 9 PM, Who Cares? with Charlie Dole Park and Al.
And Wednesday night, late, 11 PM till 2 AM, Mr. Jeff Liles brings it to you with Life is Hard.
Thursday night, 7 till 9 PM, Jeff Webb again with offbeat music.
Friday night, 7 till 9 PM, it's Ken Deak, Breeze Farley, and Paul Suffron,
bringing you music from the underground.
And Friday night, late, 1 till 4 AM, Anatomic and Oradry bring you radio lobotomy.
Then brand new Saturday afternoon, 2 till 5 PM, Rockstar George brings you a great show of interest to all young rockers.
Saturday night, 9 till midnight, Miss Shaggy herself brings you Pajama Party 3.
And then Saturday night, very late, from midnight till 2, Radio Freeboro.
And 2 till 4 AM, the only heavy metal show in the electroplex, Mr. Jerry Warden.
All on KMON 90.9 FM Stereo, the home of alternative rock and roll.
If you didn't hear it here, it is where?
KMON 90.9 FM Stereo, the home of alternative rock and roll.
KMON 90.9 FM Stereo, the home of alternative rock and roll.
KMON 90.9 FM Stereo, the home of alternative rock and roll.
Repent, quit your job, and slack off, dear friends.
Let's face it, the end times are here.
The excess are coming.
The false prophets, the conspiracy,
will brown nose to their dinosaurian alien acids,
and this planet will be sold down the river just as sure as Lee Harvey Oswald's clone cashed the conspiracy's checks.
We're one royal hair trigger from the wrath of Jehovah One.
His galactic finger is itchy, and he's not well pleased with what man hath wrought.
Repent then, and prepare for the age of tribulations, the time and halftime you think last winter was best.
Wait until the glaciers are at your driveway.
The earth shall shake, the sky shall fall, space junk, tornadoes, hail the size of Cadillacs, plutonium clouds the size of vampires, chromosome bending solar flares.
Orson Welles will get on the radio and say the Martians have landed, but this time he'll be telling the truth, and you won't believe him.
All photosynthesis in the seas will be stifled.
Ugly mutant lotus that carry DDT in their scythes.
Stings.
Famine even in California.
A dust bowl in Canada.
Microwave roach steaks for $5.99.
Drinking water you have to boil first and pay for.
Recombinant viruses.
Contagious cancers.
One day you'll go to the mirror like poor Bert did to pop a blemish,
and find your whole face cracking with each pinch like a rotten tomato.
Like something out of Poltergeist.
The plague, dear friends.
But these are only the natural things.
The acts of God or Satan.
They blanch in the face of man's deeds to come.
Man's self-dehumanization.
The government, my God, if we aren't careful the endarkenment of the next century will be marked by the rise of false over men.
Mean superior mutants.
Better than us.
Handsome like superheroes.
More muscular.
Brilliant like Shakespeare or Einstein.
But evil.
Of pink extraction rather than subgenius.
They can do everything better than we can.
Self-righteous, unclean, man-made supermen who will tread too far into the accursed forbidden sciences
and come back controlling time, but will be so hooked on it that they'll lead the stewing, broiling mass of humanity into a technological hell.
Time junkies, dear friends.
Lo!
A war with barbarian Martians over a worm we make nuclear beer with.
You must believe it all began in 1982 when all the planets, the Earth and the Sun lined up with the dog star Sirius, the Silver Star.
In 1998 it will draw the X's to us like flies to a dung dish.
Oh, they won't stay long.
They'll leave us after only two years, completely free to do as we please.
But their unnameable maggots will remain.
Diabolical caricatures.
Hideously silent.
Evasive.
But always with us.
We will be dogs to them in more ways than you can count.
Oh yes, it'll be bad.
Apocalypse is a mild term for it.
The Book of Revelation is an alien text.
Those space monsters know what they're about to do to us.
They knew it 2,000 years ago.
But what they don't know any more than we do is what the prescriptures mean when they darkly refer to the rupture, the cosmic vortex calamity,
after the biblical day.
The biblical apocalypse.
And somehow a godzillion times worse.
Time intersection.
Omicron.
Epsilon.
The hallucinations are externalized.
Monsters from the id-
Don't laugh.
What do you think happened to the Elder Gods?
Yes, repent.
Repent and fornicate like your very life depended on it.
And it does.
Oh yes, dear friends.
Feels so good.
And there's the swinging love corpses come along to carry us out to the end.
Little, little bit more, uh, play.
Oh, what I'm just kidding about all that.
Don't forget what I was just saying.
It's just a bunch of, bunch of that silly subgenius, uh, uh, fake prophecy they get into.
Oh, don't worry.
You won't be crawling to our P.O. box, uh, which number I'm about to give in 1998, begging for a membership at the last minute so you can get on board the escape saucers.
You won't be crawling.
You won't be crawling to P.O. box 140306 Dallas, Texas 75214 looking for information.
No, no, no problem.
Well, listen, I want you all to hang on because of Ron Lindsey and Memory- down Memory Lane.
Hey, Ron, have you got a live, uh, you got some live music or-
Friends, you're gonna have to pray.
Pray for the, for the live music.
I thought I was gonna have a band in here.
And I don't.
I thought I was even gonna be healthy.
I ended up coming in with a horrible cold.
But I'm cured, friends!
Cured by the word of Bob!
Once again.
All right, we're gonna have to minister to Ron Lindsey here pretty soon.
Although I have a feeling, you know, once you sit down at the control booth, the power, the power just takes over.
And while you're fine until you get home and then you have a worse relapse than you ever dreamed.
Oh, praise Bob.
Or something.
Well, uh, dear friends, I'm gonna, I'm gonna let it get out here.
I need to find some sort of a, a, uh, oh, let's find some type here in the hour of slack box.
You want to hear the hour of slack box?
That's it.
That's the show.
Let's find some, uh, some suitable thing in here.
And we'll, we'll let Ron take over.
Praise Bob.
Help me some butter!
Oh, yeah.
Uh,
oh.

ah.
Oh,

What?
The.
© BF-WATCH TV 2021
