Usually radio announcements merely recommend a product, but this station provides its clients with a special service.
The Subgenius Hour of Swag.
In the radio studios of Bob, the technicians, the entertainers, the commentators, the administrative personnel
daily unite their efforts in the creation of programs to please and entertain a vast radio public.
The wide variety of broadcasts include group discussions, political speeches, and comedy.
On this program, frank opinions are expressed in response to their leaders' questioning.
For there is keen interest in a radio program that invites personal participation by the public.
This is independent radio in a democracy.
Okay, we're trying it. We're trying to call Dave.
Okay, we're trying it. We're trying to call Dave.
The show's starting.
I think the show's starting.
It's so exciting when the show is starting.
Hello?
Uh huh, I thought so.
Hello?
You thought so as if you were capable of having such thoughts.
Oh, I'm capable of having all kinds of thoughts, Dave.
I've gotten in trouble just for thinking.
As you have too, Dave.
Yeah, you're not supposed to think too much.
You can drain your propocities.
Your lower extremities can be drained by too much thought.
Well, as Bob said, act like a dumb person and they'll treat you as an equal.
I can't say what he originally said because of the new laws here in the Patriot camp.
I'm sorry, I'm laughing.
You have any kind of guilt for talking to me.
It's not funny, Wee.
I know. I'm sorry.
We could all be in re-entertainment.
I'm in the camp square now having cramps and everything.
And it's really what most people call it.
The great baboon or the orang, the orange orangutan.
Or the pink orangutan. He has many names, you know.
They changed them to entertainment camps, huh? That doesn't sound so bad.
Well, it's not so bad at first, but then they'll have you run around the barracks.
Like in a 1950s movie or something.
Black and white movie.
And then a spotlight will come in and you're like,
Wee, wee, wee, stuff like that.
It's a jailbreak.
Yeah, and they're making like open sticks.
They're going to snuck in wagons.
You know, stuff like that.
And then you see like a real astute belly button or a hand.
Sort of like, you know, an American lieutenant.
Look over his shoulder.
Over his shoulder shot of him looking back like,
Ha ha, take that, you Jerry.
Well, I guess we got the screenplay now.
Yeah, that was a pretty good installment.
Or the opening scenes anyway.
I mean, that's not really going to happen, is it?
All that bad stuff.
The re-entertainment camps and all that.
Well, I guess it's kind of up to you, so to speak.
It's like one of those things where, you know, it's an observer creative reality.
Like in the Rennie Descartes, you know,
Cogito ergo sum.
I think therefore I am. Screw you.
It's me versus the universe.
Oh, so in other words, if I just have the right attitude,
they can do anything they want to me and I should be happy with it, right?
Is that what you're saying?
I didn't say you should be happy with it.
You said that.
Oh, okay.
I guess I misunderstood where you were going with that.
Do you have any more of those pills that would make me happy here in the camp?
I'm scared.
If I had the pills left,
I would give them to you rather than shoving them all down my throat.
Well, believe me, Mr. Short's danger.
You don't know.
Well, thanks for the offer of the pills, if you ever find your pills again.
Pills.
Oh, yeah, well.
Indeed, I do believe you.
What is the word?
I believe in pills.
I believe in pills.
It showed that you're nice, too, like Angela Merkel.
And, uh,
Prince Leroy or whatever his name is.
The guy with the big eyebrows.
Now, say what?
I know about Merkel.
Oh, Nosferatu, they used to call him for short.
I'm pretty sure he was having the brain hemorrhages.
Are you talking about Dracula, Khrushchev, Hitler, or Angela Merkel?
Who, by the way, used to look really hot with her clothes off.
I, uh,
Susie the Fleece found a picture of a bunch of German nudists,
jogging and said,
which world leader is in this picture?
And I took a wild guess.
I said, is that Angela Merkel?
It was.
Is that true?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, you know, what country that has a lot of nudism and naturalists in it
also has a woman world leader?
Was Angela Merkel wearing a merkin in the photo?
How would I know?
It wasn't in 3D.
It wasn't in VR.
It wasn't 360 VR, which, by the way, I had to swear off.
See, I wouldn't understand such a thing,
in which case you'd be seeing both Angela Merkel's butt and her front at the same time.
No, no, it was just her front.
And it was a whole bunch of other people.
I guess at one point she was a...
Nobody needed VR.
She was a naturist, you know, like any good German.
The good Germans.
We've got a lot of good Germans in this country again.
Hitler was a vegetarian.
That's the residents you used to always see in their homemade movies.
You know, the residents with the big eyeballs?
Yeah, so therefore...
What?
If Hitler was a vegetarian, therefore...
Fill in the blank, listener.
He loved his little dog Shotzi, too.
Or not Shotzi, that's a made-up term in the Yiddish name, but...
He had a little Schnauzer that he was so devoted to.
He had a little dog named
Well, we're not going to give Chekers up.
And I don't care what the Russians do, we're not going to give...
In fact, we'd rather capitulate.
Give all control over America, American Internet to the Russians,
just so checkers can sleep easily under the White House rug.
I know, it's chapping my groins as well.
Just everything you hear is so incongruous.
It doesn't make no sense to me.
Well, that's what the pills are for, Dave.
You're not supposed to question these things.
That's what the TV is for.
That's what the radio is for.
Just listen to other people's talking opinions.
You don't need your own testicularities.
You don't need balls.
All you need is a strong leader to listen to on the podcast or the radio or the, you know, the soapbox.
You see it would be kind of like a big brother to us.
We'd reach out to it, reaching out to us backwards and forwards.
You feel its innermost pains and feel its abnormality.
I love big brother.
He can't be wrong.
And if he is wrong...
If he's wrong, he's better than anybody else.
They're even wronger.
Mr. Smith, you ex-smoker.
How many Winstons am I holding up?
Or am I just a peckerwood, you know?
Stuff like that.
It's really cool.
It's not like Tennessee Williams or anything like that.
But you can certainly have swampy 1984.
Swampy 1984.
Well, it's more of a cowboy.
Out here, it's more of a cowboy 1984.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The big sheriff is watching you.
He's your buddy.
I'm sorry, bro character.
That big sheriff is watching me, man.
It tickled my enthusiasm a little bit.
Caused me a paltry bone.
Or whatever it is.
Well...
Oh, I forgot to say,
happy numerical advance in chronological measurement unit.
The chronological...
The chronological...
The chronological measurement units underwent a numerical advance
at changing from a six to a seven.
Meaning we're now in yet another future.
Therefore, he gives you a happy greeting for this new measure.
Right.
Well, some people think that that increment increases
causes magical changes to happen and ends some sort of previous pattern.
When in fact, I think what it really is, is a great excuse
to get real drunk.
Right.
On a cold, cold December night.
And then shoot off firecrackers, fireworks, and nuclear weapons.
And blow up that funny stuff you were reading about last night.
Oh, Tannerite.
Blow up Tannerite.
Yeah.
He's a vulture too, right?
Or was he the guy dressed up as a Portuguese gentleman?
No, actually, this is a practical and informational thing
that all jihadists will want to know about.
There's this...
I would disqualify what you just said before you get in trouble down there.
No, I'm serious.
There's this explosive that anyone can buy at a hardware store.
I could go around the corner to Higginbothams and buy this stuff.
A few teaspoons full of it will blow a pumpkin up as if it was JFK's brain.
And an ice cooler full of it will blow up a really big barn.
I've been watching YouTubes of people doing this.
And I've been watching them.
Here's the trick.
It can only be set off, this explosive that you can buy at the hardware store,
it can only be set off by like a high-speed bullet.
Not a shotgun, not a handgun.
It has to be like a deer rifle.
And that's what it's for.
It's for putting a minute amount of it in targets
and then testing your aim with a scoped rifle, a deer rifle.
The reason I know this is my brother sells these things.
And my nephew...
These have been experimenting and playing with it.
Other people have blown their legs off with it
in order to make impressive YouTube videos.
Tannerite.
T-A-N-N-E-R-I-T-E.
You're not supposed to give a description or else the police will come and visit you.
You're not supposed to...
Men in black will come to your house again.
It's not illegal.
Anybody can buy this stuff.
You don't need a license.
Yeah, but people have reached a level now where they don't even want...
You know, it's part of the first...
It's part of the first amendment for you to be able to remind people to do some research.
Oh, that's right.
Well, I am telling people...
You're not a member of the approved media.
You're just...
You know, you're a potential terrorist.
Yes, they don't want you to spell it out for them.
Well, anyway, that's spelled T-A-N-N-E-R-I-T-E.
And the people who live out in the country,
and especially people who repair rifles,
find a lot of funny uses for it besides target practice.
It reminds me of tannin leaves.
Tannin leaves.
That keeps the mummy alive.
Tannin leaves.
Tannin leaves.
Strangely enough, tannin is the main ingredient that was used in the time machine,
the original time machine of 1899.
Tannin leaves or tannin?
Tannin leaves keep the mummy alive.
Those are completely different things.
Although, if you happen to have any tannin leaves on you,
I would certainly choose.
Oh, I'm sorry. I missed that.
You wouldn't happen to have any tannin leaves on you, would you, Dave?
Well, that's what I was wondering.
Is your mummified, putrefied body starting to recalcitrate itself back into the earth,
mind you, kids?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, I'm 63.
What are you talking about?
You're going to want some of those tannin leaves,
and you're going to be calling me and asking me if I got any cherry pie.
Do you have any cherry pie?
I've heard your cherry pie is the best.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Rumor has it.
I've heard your cream pie is amazing.
I need the tannin leaves on the bottom to wake up the mummy in you.
Mummy.
By the way, Universal is doing a reboot of their old mummy franchise,
and the gimmick this time is the mummy's a girl.
The mummy's a girl?
Yes.
Yes.
It's a mummy.
It's a girl mummy.
Imho Tep is now Imho Tepa, or Tepas, or something.
I don't know.
I don't even know who's starring in it.
All the great, edgiest things was before him.
Before the mummy?
Yeah.
Sartre was convinced that the mummy was an allegorical one,
so much like the crocodile,
and he inhabited the swamp and the backyards and the smaller memories of your mind.
People thought...

He maintained.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I was just going to say that Sartre maintained that all existence is a bad bowel movement,
and that's why, therefore, we as surrealists and Popeye's thinkers and radio manufacturers
and all those people involved in the communication arts need to...
That all goes without saying.
Everything you said.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.








That's common household knowledge.
Indeed.
Dave got excited.
He sounds like our dog, Dammit, when we...
I thought it did.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We're slowly trying to train Dammit to lay down and sleep during long, boring car rides.
He's never done that before, and we're going to have to bring him back to Ohio alive,
much like King Kong, who...
Another thing that people thought was a myth, like the mummy.
Sure.
They thought, oh, well, that's just made up, because they made a movie of it, so it must
not be real.
Whatever.

That guy had my mother's grandmother's...
My mother's mother's name, named that Driscoll guy.
Oh, Jack Driscoll.
You're related to the famous Jack Driscoll?
No, not the poet Jack Driscoll.
No.
Kevin Neely, Mick...
No.
Jack Driscoll, the guy who saved...
No.

The guy who saved Ann Darrow from Kong, or actually...
No, yeah, the sailor, right.
The guy in King Kong.
Actually, the guy who cock-blocked King Kong, is what it amounts to.
Yes.
Yeah, it's a sad story.
I'm not kidding.
He made me cry like a little baby.
That was the last Mega Primatus Kong, too.
The very last one.
Mega Primatus?
Yeah, that's his first name.
The scientific name.
He made me cry, too, Dave.
Cry, cry, cry.
Mega means baby, and King Kong means baby.
Yeah.
Yeah.











And Primatus meaning primates.
Of course.
Well, you know, there might be some subgenies who might not know what that Mega meant, more
than like mega death or something like that.
Mega Primatus.
Yeah, that was a great band.
Death metal.
Kong metal.
It was one of those Kong metal bands.
They were big.
Yeah.
They were real big in the 40s.
Yeah.
Real big.
They stinked, too, like their feet.
That's why, as a Christian, I can't find their foul names.







S больше or menos, continuos.
Continuos.
Yeah, but the...


I don't do S înTONS sesi.
I don't do that, you know.
Let's say, stock matarás, you know.
One to the S people can come in.
Itikheidê' I don't know.
Interesting, isn't it, S in Tong?
I don't even know who Chester A kid?
and cook me in a baby.
Look for the wet spots, huh?
Yeah.
That's a sad fate for old Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
who's a pretty skinny guy.
Not much use for that.
I was allowed to study the great Hispanic writers
like Unamuno and Marcus and stuff like that
to test my knowledge.
And just like any other simpleton fruitcake,
I was disavowed.
Dave, you sure have been dropping the names
of a lot of foreigner writers and philosophers.
Is it Sharpie, the Chartreux guy?
Oh, yeah.
I forgot about...
Hey, I can...
Marcus?
You know, The Stranger by Camus?
By Camus?
Camus.
Camus.
I can say that first line of that book in French.
It's like,
Où est-ce que je suis, ma mère et moi?
Où est-ce que je suis, ma mère et moi?
Oh, yeah, I can say the first sentence
of Book of the Subgenius in Latin.
Morite temporum volumthicus.
Sure, I've used that one myself, too.
Especially at arbitries and picnics
where you have to maintain order once in a while.
You just say it like a magician.
Well, it just means kill time or don't save it.
Kill time, don't save it.
I think.
But to the average person who doesn't know that,
they think they're being threatened,
with actually being killed by signage,
by stop signs and barbecue aprons.
I think a lot of people feel like they're being threatened
with death by knowledge,
and so they really don't want any of it.
It scares them.
It's a libtard professor,
commie Marxist professor kind of thing,
this knowledge stuff,
and they don't want to have anything do it.
And if...
I mean, if it's...
If a libtard lives,
if a regular libtard likes it,
then it must be bad.
And if just a regular tarred likes it,
then hey, he talks like me.
Although I hate to use that term tarred,
because that harkens back to the term retard,
a slur for the mentally...
the differently sained or the differently abled.
Right, the mental...
goes with mental diphtheria.
And most of my best friends are actually of that caliber.
Right.
Most of our best friends.
Yes, we have a little diphtheria.
Well, some of them.
Or a lot of mental increments.
I know some normal people.
I don't...
I don't hate normal people.
I really don't.
That's nice.
I don't envy them.
I don't pity them.
They're just there.
They're just a thing.
They may be ascendant most of the time,
ass up, as it were.
But you're just living
and letting go.
You're just trying to live with them.
Right.
Well, no.
I'm trying to rip them off every chance I get.
Lurk between the walls, spy on them, learn their weakness,
and eventually sow the seeds of their complete and utter destruction.
But you have to be...
a delicate.
It's a destruction of all normals.
It's a delicate thing.
You don't want to...
Yeah, you don't want to karmically pay too far ahead, so to speak.
You don't want them to think you're not kidding.
You want them to think you're kidding.
It has to be done today.
It's funny.
Everybody wants to kill all normals, right?
You know, everybody roots for the abnormal.
You just get an egg in your pocket and you gristle your teeth and you say,
this is for Captain G.I.
Jobo.
In the movies...
In the movies, they root for the abnormal.
In the real world,
they root for the abnormal.
In the real world, they just root.
That's all there is to it.
Just root.
Right, like the root of Vegas or a common turnip or something.
It's like dragging your knuckles on the ground and growling like a primatist in Vegas.
Rooting for false slack.
Or, in the case of the smart ones, they're rooting for gum bemelia or Texas snot.
Or plenty of titties.
Or a whorehound, like you.
Whorehound?
Watch your mouth.
Watch your mouth.
I'm plenty of titties.
Actually, Dave, I'm not doing a Firesign Theater type surrealist thing,
but I've got a...
Princess, we and I have been trying to learn about the flora and fauna of this area.
And since it's a great big old weird goat ranch,
it has...
All the plants have funny names that sound just like they were made up.
Texas snout bean is real.
Slick seed wild bean is real.
Yeah.
The Bailey Cup says...
The
Yeah, I think that's true even in Ohio and stuff like that, too.
Once you start, you know, you open that big fat book up and start looking those names past the Latin names,
there's some pretty silly names.
Walk through plumbing supplies part of a plumbing supply store.
You'll find the most amazing sexual innuendos just in the names of little nuts and bolts and pumps.
Very true.
And cummers and pumps.
And cummers.
It's all sexual in a hardware store.
Yeah, suckers and that kind of thing.
Everything's male and female.
So, they're on the scrotal...
In the scrotal atmosphere, or as they used to call it on planet Saturn, the scrotal realm.
Well, all hail the great god Balzac.
And the great philosopher Balzac.
He's a French guy.
But really, there's all these...
I don't know if these are scientific names, but did you know there's actually something called limp leaf slack seed?
Yes, we have drawn up a list.
No, but I'm glad you know it now.
For your entertainment.
Quail like to loaf.
It's loafing cover for quail.
Limp leaf slack seed.
Texas slack leaf.
Bladder pod.
I have heard of that, I think.
And hell, our president-elect...
I think you told her you...
The white...
Prickly poppy.
The white what?
Yeah, there's a ground cover called the white prickly poppy.
Sounds like a president, doesn't it?
Why, that's silly.
To make fun of plants and flowers and onions like that is to be disarmed and unafraid.
I think that's wrong.
I think you should give some of these plants some important names like...
Chex presenta mozzarella.
Chex presenta mozzarella.
Or jockstrap of the angel.
Oh, that's a pretty important one.
Those are good.
We seriously thought, well, we should make up funny names for the show.
But you don't need to.
This one is...
The old man's beard has a Latin name of Clematis drumundi.
And that's its real name.
That's not made up.
And Philo actually has an old man's beard growing on his face.
Yes, he does.
The Clematis...
Whoa, I've got older...
The Clematis drumundi.
There's still cheese on my back.
Is this a real one?
Pink smartweed?
Yes, pink smartweed.
That's a...
I did not make that up.
That's a contradiction in terms.
That's...
Pink smartweed.
That's from...
Just like Dutchman's britches, that's from the book.
Hey, pink, you want to buy some weed that'll make you smart?
You want to buy some smart weed?
It comes in the form of these little round brown pellets.
We call them smartweed pills.
Take one.
How about a little piece?
You'll learn something.
A little piece of pork snout.
Man.
Snout bean.
That tastes like poo.
Dutchman's Britches. That's the actual name of a Texas plant.
Dutchman's Britches.
I'm glad to use that, especially when I'm having a torpor.
Sometimes in the torpid state, as for instance, when the bridges fall down
and they collapse into the gorge some 70 feet below.
Who's left around to blame things on except for the Native Americans?
You know, that's at least what they used to do.
That's what I thought.
But you can blame it on the Native Americans.
You can blame it on the local little old herbalist ladies.
There's all kinds of witches you can burn.
Witches and verbalists.
That's what I'd like to burn.
Uh-oh, you're in trouble then, Dave.
Right, yeah, I just remember that.
I saw your hand trying to figure out how cold one of them witches' things was.
Dave was talking about things.
Things being torpid.
There are four kinds of lovegrass listed in this compendium that we got these from.
The plains lovegrass.
Cheers for torpor.
Red lovegrass.
Sand lovegrass.
And tumble.
Tumble lovegrass.
That sounds like the best one.
That makes me want to go pick some erect dayflowers.
It sounds like only a mega primatus would dare go near it.
Or even perhaps do calisthenics aboard deck number one.
Lovegrass.
Especially if the dreams were already fading into the background real quickly.
And, you know, people, their ears would just get really huge and hairy and stuff.
That's what it was like back in the middle institution.
Little good broke friend, you're going to have to get some erect dayflowers for Pappy
so he can get his lovegrass going with the white prickly poppy.
You little farcoberry.
Right on my forehead.
Farcoberry.
That's a real name of a real person.
That's a real name of a real plant.
Farcoberry.
Possum haw.
Farcoberry.
Farcoberry, yes.
You just mix up a farcoberry pie and have some possum haw and some Texas hog plum.
Now you've got you a green spangled top.
Right, and then you have some elbow bush there.
It's with elbow bush jam on the side.
Those are all real names.
Yes.
Tom Wolf said you can't come up with better stuff than it's reality.
You know what I mean?
And that was the end of the great America.
No, because there was no more fiction because reality was weirder than fiction.
And now these names, you don't even have to make fun of them by being humorous or bleary-eyed
or maybe if you have like a block gland or something like that.
Actually, one of the ones I mentioned was made up.
Pardon?
One of the ones I mentioned was made up.
And the listener who can tell which one was made up will get a free subgenius pamphlet number one.
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
That is a good idea.
Mm-hmm.
And if they already have a subgenius pamphlet number one, we'll send them a rock from Stang Ranch if they can answer that question.
Which one of the names?
Wait, I think we have a caller right now.
It sounds like a woman lady.
What did you want to tell the river?
Did you hear Stang?
Did you hear Stang?
Hey, listen.
Hey, wait.
The Boston Stangler.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, you were supposed to pick up the cue there where I laid there.
Well, I didn't actually.
Stang.
Stang laid the cue up.
And then I came along and I kind of slightly more developed the cue when I turned it over.
And I just like left it just laying there and I just didn't even stumble over it or anything?
I'm sorry.
No, you were playing the banjo and you had your thumbs in your eye.
I'm terribly, terribly sorry.
Didn't mean to do that, Dave.
Help me somebody.
Kill me somebody?
No, help me somebody.
Oh, you don't want to kill anybody.
You might want to, you know, bite them like a branch.
He's got killing on the brain.
Yes.
It's like having Bob on the brain.
It's better to chew on them like an irate chihuahua, you know, just bite on their nose and you're not going to let go and stuff.
No, she said help somebody and everyone needs hearing aids except me.
Now I'm the one with super hearing.
All I have to do is turn the volume up on my hearing aids and I'm the new super villain.
The hearer.
Or what was the other one?
The Eve.
Fropper.
Eve's Fropper.
Yes, I can hear anything.
Eve's Fropper.
I can hear and record anything.
Oh, I definitely want to buy one of those.
They sound so official and whatnot.
Do I get a little uniform I can wear with them?
You can't buy me.
Well, not with...
Well...
You don't have enough.
Somebody could...
You are for rental, aren't you?
At least part of the time.
Oh, hell yeah.
Absolutely.
You are a mouthpiece of the capitalist imperialists.
I know that fact.
I'll do anything for five bucks.
Five hundred dollars.
I actually...
I actually used to say that and sort of mean it.
But I needed five hundred bucks so badly then.
I understand.
Thank God nobody took me up on it.
I mean, privyet, Tovaris.
That's Russian music.
I understand.
Only, no, in Russian you say spasibo.
Spasibo.
Privyet.
Or dasvidaniya or something like that.
The spasibo effect.
We used to wear the weasel costume.
This is the time of year, man.
Everybody's having kolachki and bolachki and punchki and stuff like that.
And dipping things in weird tea samovars and getting into big fights with the rest of the people down the hall.
Especially since they don't all have the same holidays at one time.
I think Dave's reminiscing.
He's lost.
He's bullgathering.
He's lost in his memories.
Sipping on a samovar.
I've lost my memories.
I make them up as I go on.
Same as everyone else, like you, Stane.
Well, that's what they say.
Memory is about half made up.
And the sad thing is a lot of memories are memories of memories.
You don't really have the direct memory anymore, but you can remember remembering things a lot.
Right.
You remember looking at a picture of it.
You get your Rashomon.
You get your thing going there.
Oh, it is.
No, it's not.
It's Chinooka.
Chinooka?
Yeah, it's not.
It's not Rashomon.
It's Chinooka.
It's Chinooka.
Uh-huh.
Like Chinooka?
Or Zafrod.
Or let's see.
Kwanzaa.
That was another of them.
I can have any holiday I want.
If I pay for the pants.
And I'm wearing them.
Then it's my own business.
Dave, I wish that you had a Twitter account so that you could be president instead.
Me too.
Because if you were Twittering for all those tweets, they'd probably follow you.
Anywhere.
Right off the edge of a cliff.
I wouldn't blame them if I did either.
I think that would be very...
Yeah, vote for me and I will truly, truly...
Well, you know, whatever the rest is.
Yeah, do the most deplorable things you ever wanted somebody to do to get revenge on those smarty pants people that think they're so smart.
But they never work and never have worked and they don't know what it's even like.
Because they have disgust for the American worker.
No one with a brain has ever had a job.
Yeah.
Well, you know what I mean.
Something like that.
There's a little bit more substance to it.
I don't want to get into the vast culture of the Napoleonic cold, you know, or fishmongering at any age.
But you just feel like popping out like this.
Like you're just, you know, forced to reiterate from your mom's womb.
Now, Dave, don't cover your phone up with your sock.
You know, like this thing, shiny and stuff and wet and everything.
Wouldn't that be kind of stupid?
Are you covering your phone with your sock?
Or is it because I turned the background music up?
No, I think he has some gumdrops in his mouth along with speaking.
No?
No, can you hear me or not?
That's what I was wondering.
I can hear you.
We can hear you.
It was just sounding like you were talking into your armpit instead of the phone for a minute there.
Did it still sound like a smelly sock?
A little bit.
It was a little muffly.
Yeah.
I could turn down this John Carpenter music in the background that you can't hear.
We've been playing, in the background, we've been playing John Carpenter's compositions of movie themes for his movies, his own movies.
He's one of the few filmmakers that also is the music composer a lot of the time.
Sometimes the music is better than the movie itself, although in most cases they're all good.
So you're saying that one...
One of the few moments when I was actually a sequential square, I'm going to sound mufflerated, and you won't even be able to hear it.
Oh, I won't be able to...
All we eat are cans of beans just to be ready to light the match.
Well, be careful with that tanner right there.
It creates some new morality.
Dave, I'm not one to judge whether you sound good or not.
I can understand you because of my...
Mega...
My implants, but I can't say whether what you're saying is good or sounds good.
I can understand it, though.
That's the curse of the eavesdropper.
He hears everything, but he...
And he understands the words.
Where are those eavesdroppers right now?
The eaves...
Well, no, actually, I'm waiting for it to come on.
Right about the end of the show.
That's when it comes.
Oh, wait, I forgot to take my eavesdropper.
I totally forgot.
I was going to take an eavesdropper before we started recording, and then I was going to, like, right towards the end, I'd start going...
But now I have to just fake it.
Yeah, you're right.
You totally forgot.
You know, you're going to show up on the set wearing a pair of underpants going, man, what a weird dream, you know?
Well, yeah, right.
I hate it when that happens.
Oh, I hate it.

Yeah.
It makes me feisty, as my old mammy used to say.
It made them all feisty.
I feel one time we strangled that woman and threw her head off the bridge.
Yeah.
One time he was walking around bare naked in Columbus, Ohio, and claimed he was arguing with the Pope about something.
I don't know if it was good.
Once again, whether it sounded good or it smelled bad or it was...
Good or bad.
But I know I heard him talking about hamburgers and excitement to the Pope, even though the Pope wasn't there.
You know, I don't know.
It's pretty good to be able to do that.
We will understand someday.
Someday.
On the playback.
After the rupsture, then comes the playback.
And when you play it back the second time, that's when you go, oh.
I think I know what he was talking about now.
I can examine what it is that Dave was saying now, and I can understand.
You slow it down and play it back.
And you can see where the bullet came from.
You play it backwards, and you play it over and over again until you want to shoot somebody or strangle them.
There it is right there.
There it is right there.
I want to smack my mammy ten times.
Can you hear it?
Back to the left.
Can you hear it?
Back to the left.
I want to smack.
My mammy ten times.
And then somehow you believe that, and that's your life.
Just like the old orange orangutan would say.
We all believe what we need to believe, as Pappy, the old Pappy said.
While sitting in the chair, Princess Wee is occupying right now.
And you know, it's so blasphemous.
We took his command center, his command module, and turned it into Tarzan's radio station.
And I think he would approve.
Yeah, but he wouldn't listen to the show.
No, he wouldn't listen to the show.
I don't think he ever heard a single hour of slack.
No.
I don't think he ever, you know, like, went into a store in the right frame of mind and started trying on brassieres.
And like, getting real upset and excited and stuff.
And you can hear him, her, behind the, you know, in the dressing room.
Actually, I have to.
This is never going to work.
Or, this is never going to, you know.
I don't know.
There's different ways they had of doing it.
Well, it's funny.
My father, Pappy, hadn't, for his generation, had an unusual sympathy for what we now call transgender people.
Cross-dressers.
Oh, not just cross-dressers, but full, you know.
I thought you said Pappy was a cross-dresser.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Well, actually, there are some funny pictures of some Lions Club skits.
Plays.
That he was in.
And which he did, in fact, address us.
In high heels.
Yes.
But didn't we all?
Didn't we all?
Yes.
Remember Dr. Drummond and Philodena?
At the Knights of Pythias, we used to wear girdles.
Because we were like knights at some time.
Throw away that truss, Dave.
You don't need that truss anymore.
I don't need it.
Jack Armstrong's course in bodybuilding.
Throw it in this shiny bin over here.
That's about to defecate all the materials and recycle everything.
Toss that truss under the bus.
There you go.
Don't that be a ton.
That's a pretty good slogan.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You ought to tell that one to our crown.
Toss that truss under the bus and jump on that shark and ride away into the sunset.
Blow them all off.
You're so synchronistic, man.
You're talking about truss buses?
Yes.
I just had to do a little bit of research on a truss bridge that fell apart near where
I live 140 years ago.
They're marking the anniversary of the 140th occasion of it.
Of the collapse of the truss bridge?
Yeah.
Princess, you're a bridge expert.
What do you know about truss bridges?
I don't know if they ever collapsed.
I don't trust them.
Don't trust them.
Well, that's pretty much the thing.
The engineer, once he realized that, he said, I don't trust them.
He said, well, you know, you're a bridge expert.


But that's the iron truss, the whole iron truss bridge built by Cornelius at the behest
of Cornelius Vanderbilt was gonna eventually cost someone's life.
It did nothing about it because it was a robber baron corporate culture.
Cornelius badly built.
Yes.
That's the thing.
Well, we're gonna build a wall or a fence or some tunnels or a highway or something.
We're gonna build something.
Right, we're gonna have sports parties.
That's gonna be the best one, too.
You know.
You can believe me.
Just believe me.
Just believe me.
Believe me.
Because when I talk, I listen.
And I know everything I say and I love it.
And my women are more beautiful.
Yeah.
I'm glad.
I'm so glad we all voted for him.
Yeah.
I did.
I did.
Of course I did.
I don't want to be lined up against the wall and shot.
I voted for him.
Sure.
Sure I did.
They don't have any record of what I really did.
I didn't talk about it on the show.
About how I desperately rushed to get my vote by mail in at the last half hour.
And was one of those three million people that got counted out.

After all the beep went down.
And down it went.
Down, down, down, down, down.
That's why you put the mud and the mud veins in your hair.
And the mud flaps.
Made you scrimp for the whole head.
And you know, just ate all those crawfish and gave it a brand new name.
Eh, eh.
Eh, eh.

My new name.
Eh, eh.


Eh, eh.
Our poor Dave.
Hey, we renamed our grandkids this Christmas.
Their new names are age six and age seven.
And that's going to be their names forever.
Their mom agreed with me on that.
In fact, that was her idea.
The grandkids.
Age six and age seven.
Oh, Dave, I never got to say on the show that I made, the previous last show we did, I was
bragging about how I was, even though I'm an old man.
I was trying out VR headsets and trying out VR phone apps and having ever so much fun.
Well, the punchline is when I got to this one game called Incel, it was just the wrong
thing to set off my seasickness, carsickness, motion sickness.
Yes, I got virtual reality motion sickness from a phone app.
And it lasted three weeks.
Three days.
And when I finally felt better, I went out to try my hand for the first time at playing
Pokemon Go.
And when I went to downtown Glen Rose and started catching Pokemon monsters with my
virtual app, I got motion sickness again.
He was hurt right back into it.
Man, I didn't know it would last for three whole days.
So you were right.
Everything electronic is evil and is out to control your mind and make you nauseous with
existential nausea at the fact that you've been waiting for three whole days.
And you're wasting your time pursuing virtual made up tricks, ghosts invented by some software
company, instead of out plowing the field and sowing wild oats that we may live for
the future.
Yes.
Yes.
But instead, I was just jacking around with a bunch of virtual reality in the matrix.
And sure enough, it made me sick.
It made me really sick to my stomach.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
As soon as I get over it, I'll get back in that helmet.
I'll get right back in the matrix.
I'm going to have that lobster and that steak that doesn't really exist.
It's going to taste just as good as the real thing.
And as long as I don't do that one game, I'll be fine.
You made my court an awful whole part of the yard where you're allowed to go and bounce
around by yourself and stuff.
You put big behemoth bees on it.
Or not bees, but substandard equipment all over the yard.
And you have to push air in so that if you were to unwrap your hernia belt real quickly,
you'd know exactly what direction you were going.
Well, the funny thing is my son-in-law was showing me a video of this new product that's
like a crib for you when you're doing your VR so that you can be standing up and literally
physically running on this, not exactly a treadmill, something like that.
I've seen them, yeah.
The shoes have sensors in them to cause the virtual walking to work with your legs.
And you've got this webbing around you so that you won't fall down.
Yeah.
So you can get really drunk and do your zombie killing game or whatever and be whipping physically,
you know, jumping around and spinning back and forth and waving your arms around and
hitting zombies and stuff.
And all the while, you're really a guy in a bra.


Yeah.
In blinders, chained to a crib.
Yeah.
And just, it's real.
It's become real.
And what's the next step after that?
If I had an extra room in the house and an extra ranch to sell, I'd be able to afford
one of those game kits.
But you know, to tell the truth, today was New Year's Day where we're recording.
And I could have, I got up in the morning saying, I'm going to play video games all
day.
But you know what I did?
I didn't play video games all day.
Princess Wee and I went out in the back 40 and explored and dug up fossils and made some
new trails and laid down some paving stones.
And I feel like I cheated myself, man.
I did real stuff when I could have been doing virtual stuff.
I could have been doing the fun stuff that the kids do that makes them obesely fat so
they can't even walk.
Not on a day like today.
Not on a day like today.
Yeah.
See, that's part of my, you know that book, that Neighbor World book?
Yeah, Neighbor World.
That's the greatest book.
That's coming out pretty soon.
That's the next step right after that.
It's just like you're in a virtual reality where two plus two always equals 12.
And you know, you can even imagine movements, but you're interacting on a Soly and Christophe
universal insert.
Whatever super genius wrote that soon to be published novel Neighbor World.
He was ahead of his time.
He was ahead, literally just ahead of his.
Oh no, I'm thinking about Bob.
Bob was the head of his time, the disembodied head of his time.
Yeah.
Especially when he wrote on the bar language and gave you the napkins.
Right.
Remember when he said you were at the bar?
Yeah.
And it said, it said the world ends July 5th.
Yeah.
July 5th.
And you may die.
Or did it say 8661?
We don't even, we're not sure which angles he was meant to be writing at.
Yeah.
The tear marks on the tape make it almost seem like somebody rearranged it after the
fact.
And we don't know what day this is, what year this is, what chronological measurement
unit has advanced or if it's really going backwards.
Obviously evolution has been misnamed, at least concerning the last couple of hundred
years since they invented factories.
Of course, some say that it's been going downhill since they invented farming.
Yeah.
Because that was the invention of jobs.
With farming came jobs.
Neanderthals were not necessarily that good at jobs.
Princess, we don't let, damn it, destroy Tarzan's radio station.
Damn it just woke up and he's been, he's flapping around and shaking and going with
his ears and he could easily destroy the whole studio just with his tail.
That's how big he is.
So don't let him get happy.
Okay.
Don't let him wag that thing.
It could kill us all.
He's a big dog.
He is a powerful dog.
He's a very, very powerful guy.
If I can't whoop it, I'll go down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.
I'm going down.




Well, who's doing the potatoes at Grattan?
Those were cooked by Princess We Are Doe.
Yes.
Queen of all the UFOs.
Well, not just trying to stuff something smelly into a big old fat sock and call it
love.
Call it love.
Stuff it into a fat sock and call it love, baby.
No, we wouldn't trick you like that.
We're for real.
We're the down home for real people.
I've been in prison for 49 years right now.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm going to lie.

Why did he just flush the toilet?
That was a great toilet flush sound effect.
I'm glad he liked it.
That makes me want to go out and pick erect Dave Flowers.
Dave Flowers.
Erect Dave Flowers.
That sounds like Dave Flowers.
Dave Flowers.
Say it fast.
Dave Flowers.
It's like a holly weed.
It may be.
For instance, if you were to see some fluorescent object that you could not define,
or perhaps any description was disavowed by the Space Administration or the Air Force,
you could tell them that it was a Dave flower.
And they pretty soon would have to pick up that nomenclature and put it in the book,
even though they didn't want to.
Right.
Dave's flower.
Erect Dave's flower.
And they'd be sure to run all kinds of also known as, AKAs, AKAs, AKAs,
because they'd want to get away from it.
Like, oh, it's just a usage.
It's not the...
The...
I can't.
It's hard for me to do that.
The...
He jiggles his jaw, vibrates his jaw when he does that.
The...
That's not really that.
That's from...
I'm wearing Cuban pants.
They call it sometimes.
They must be really tight, man.
Fresh roasted peanuts and a lot of stuff like that.
Tight.
Dave's tight.
Tight again.
Have you ever heard that song, Peanuts the Peanut Man?
Money, money, money, money, money.
I wish Wee Ma Ma was here on the show, because she'd probably be able to sing along with it.
She probably would.
She knows every song going back to, well, the beginning of songs.
Yes.
Well, then just like a little snowball ball, you should take her around to tell you, you know,
if it's fair tomorrow or ask again later and stuff like that.
The Weather Mom.
The Weather Mom.
Yeah.
Yes, and the older and more obscure the song, the more likely it is that she would know it.
Yeah, I get...
It's kind of weird, Dave.
I get serenaded by these ladies often in the morning.
I'll come downstairs stumbling, rolling, and tumbling downstairs, and they'll be down here just singing these bawdy barroom songs from the 20s.
Well, what could be better than that?
What a way to start the day.
Yeah, yeah.
It's actually pretty cool.
Yeah.
I think I'd die and go to heaven, or it was like a pig in poo or whatever name.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm...
I'm an angry bow spouse.
I like bows.
You have bows.
I like bows.
Well, Dave...
I've been thinking about scrotums all night, and what a silly word that is.
I noticed that.
Yeah.
What is the preoccupation with scrotal things?
That's what I'd like to know.
I never think of that word.
I mean, I know it can be used as a humorous word or a very descriptive word, but...
Well, people just say...
Scrotum, scrotum, scrotum.
Scrotum, scrotum.
Dave, scrotum is kind of the archaic term kids nowadays say scrum.
They just shorten it to scrum.
Yes.
Yeah, because it sounds more violent.
And some people want to have your classic scrotum, as I think Anna Moll was saying,
but, you know, usually they just market the modern-day scrum.
What's wrong with the classic scrotum?
The picture I'm trying to paint over here is...
It had...
It had...
If you're over 125 seasons, it doesn't mean that you can't have a classic glow going.
Well, that was the thing that...
You don't need to be the one that says scrum instead of scrotum.
The classic scrotum had real hair.
The scrum has, you know, this...
Well, it's a hair-like substance.
It's actually, you know, a polyethylene material.
Yeah.
It's like little implants that can be very, very risky.
At certain times of the night.
Not good for pregnant people to use.
No.
Men or women.
Especially males.
Either way.
They suffer the worst, you know, worst consequences.
Well, Dave...
She-males are also...
You get into some trouble, too.
You have to ask my dad about that.
Dave, it's...
Believe it or not, we're coming down to the end of the hour, the top of the hour.
I'm excited.
The bottom of the hour.
I don't know what...
I don't know what all that means, but I guess, you know, I'm excited.
There's the exit wound of the hour of slack.
The exit hole, the excretion hole of the hour of slack.
The hole...
Well, it's about to snap shut again.
The...
It's been...
The body of the hour of slack has been oozing us out for the last hour.
Bits and clumps.
That's its...
It's mirth point.
But it's about to snap shut as the tapered end drops down into the listener.
Snap shut.
Is that like Snapchat?
Not the way we do it.
Not snap?
Snap?
See, now you sound like a Republican.
I have to go and look for Grandpapa's shotgun.
Oh, no, Dave, no.
I know nothing.
I know nothing.
I know nothing.
Is any of you a neo-Nazi or a fornicationist?
Do you believe in fornication as a form of fornication?
Do you believe fornication?
I love you, big brother.
How many fingers am I holding up, Smith?
Hey, a lot of my friends were bemoaning.
Be moaning.
Be moaning.
The awfulness of 2016 because so many old rock stars, writers, comic book artists, and
so forth died.
And as if it was any different from any other year, it's just that they're older now, my
friends.
And so the people they like are starting to croak.
They didn't care when Frank Sinatra croaked or John Wayne.
Oh, but Carrie Fisher or...
David Bowie.
David Bowie.
David Bowie.
Oh, God, that's the end of the world.
Prince.
This is terrible.
Yeah.
But you know what they're forgetting?
You know what they're forgetting?
And this is a sentimental thing I'm about to say.
They're forgetting that there's a lot more people that were born this year with the potential
of being even better than those great rock stars.
Will we help those newborn babies to reach their fruition or will we sacrifice them on
the altar of Satan?
Bob or...
Donald.
Nay, I think we should suckle and succor them until they become the next great inventors,
explorers, scientists, writers, comic book artists, and hour of slack spouters.
Yes.
Bullshartars.
Bullshartists, as one might say.
That's a new one.
Bullshartists.
Bullshartists.
Bullshartists.
Psycho-culturalists.
I sharted.
I'm a bullshartist.
No, I thought I said psycho-culturalists.
That's if you've got a head wound, right?
Yep.
It's got a head wound.
Back and to the left.
We have to go, Dave.
We have to.
We have to end it.
It's got a head wound.
I can dance to it.
I give it a 10.
We've got to kill it.
See, that's what David Bowie would have said if he would have died like Prince.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.




















Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
It's time for the little listeners to lay their sleepy heads down and don't touch
that dial.
Just go to sleep and believe everything you hear for the next eight hours, except for
the morning news or anything your friends say on Twitter or Facebook or pretty much
anything else you hear.
Just don't believe it.
Don't believe any of it.
Don't believe any of it.
Just look at the sun and the beautiful waving grass and the flowers and the, well, the dead
trees, dead grass.
It's wintertime.
And go, nature is so wonderful.
What little there is left of it.
I think I'll preserve this last little square foot of white prickly poppy because it's the
last nature left on earth.
And Soylent Green is people.
Yes.
It certainly is.
I mean, yes, it certainly is.
Well, I guess I'm going to get into conformable withdrawal right now.
You're going to run and get the runs.
I already have the runs, but I'm going to escape.
I'm going to take my package, as I'm calling it frequently lately, my package and my little
blue squirrel sample and some of the other artifacts that I've been generating over the
years.
There's a special with the five, two bridges of many of the native Hungarian people.
They used to spend the epiglottis right around here in the bigger grotto area.
That was the fade out part.
I guess.
Oh, wait.
No, we have to say, if you need more information about this crazy show or anything at all,
check subgenius.com.
That's one word.
Subgenius.com.
S-U-B-G-E-N-I-U-S.
See, you got that.
That was easy.
Subgenius.com.
And that'll explain everything.
Also, now that the broadcast part of the show is over, I might remind you that even though
the Slack Friday month-long sale is over, you still need to get that Subgenius membership
pack if you're ever going to be cool or go anywhere.
Interesting.
Or meet anyone.
Or ever get laid.
No matter how poorly.
That's your ticket, man.
Subgenius membership pack.
You'll be an ordained minister.
You get pamphlet number one, pamphlet number two, the excuse doctorate, the doctorate of
forbidden sciences, hundreds of words and little pictures and some great big pictures,
a pen, two decals, and you can be an ordained minister.
You're not committing weddings and funerals.
After you get it, you'll hardly be able to imagine life before you have it.
You'll hardly remember your previous life after you get your Subgenius membership.
Yeah, you don't have to remember it all.
Yeah.
You'll have bear implants, you'll be mostly in a three-foot bottomed area.
And people without credit cards or PayPal can eschew the winter net and avoid it and go
straight to the Summertime U.S. Mail and send us a check for about 30 cents.
838-75 to, hey, let's give the Texas P.O. Box for once.
Now, this won't be good during the summertime, friends, but for until April,
you can send that check to Post Office Box 807, Glen Rose, Texas, 76043.
That's shorter than all the older, longer ones.
Yes, and then your order will get here even more quickly.
Praise Bob.
Praise Bob, and hail Connie.
Well, no, just praise Bob.
No.
Fuck Connie.
Hail Connie.
That's what she's there for.
Hail Connie.
Hail fucking Connie.
Fuck you.
Oh, dear, dear.
See, that's the internet ending.
The internet ending is different from the broadcast ending.
Okay, I agree.
I'll agree to what you just said.
I'll do it.
If you insist.
Okay.
Let's go.
Let's go upstairs.
Yeah.
