What time is it, Tevis?
It's Bob time. Time for the Hour of Slack.
Tevis, you know that you're not supposed to be watching the Hour of Slack because it's too weird for you.
Uh-uh.
Oh, yeah, I'll prove it. Right, Daddy.
Huh? What?
Right, she's not supposed to see the Hour of Slack.
Oh, Tevis is just as weird as the Hour of Slack, aren't you, Tev?
Yeah.
Mr. Smith is our friend and father.
Mr. Smith!
Mr. Smith is our friend and father.
Mr. Smith is our friend and father.
Mr. Smith is our friend and father.
Mr. Smith is our friend and father.



Smith
And I feel good.
The subconscious will listen and absorb this message.
Exactly.
Hey, what's going on here?
The subgenius.
The subgenius.
What?
Welcome to the end times, boys and girls.
We're going to shock shock the house.
We can bring the world.
Bob is getting down with you here tonight.
Bob is getting down to help your plight.
Bob is coming here to ease your strife.
Come on suckers, let Bob into your life.
Big bad Bob.
Big bad Bob.
Dear friends, call 823-7490 or 828-9500 for more information.
This is Walter Teasdale reminding you that it's often a photon that light releases,
but truth is, not everyone gets the picture.
Hoping your time is all time and all your unpermissible truths are happy truths.
Here's your host.
Who sits on the right hand side of Bob?
None other than the Reverend Ivan Stang.
That's me.
The sexiest man on earth.
A young Adonis who's irresistible to women.
Melville, I can't wait a moment longer.
I've got to have sex with you.
You shall have sex.
You shall be rich.
Rich in limitless sex, sir.
Sigh.
Sigh.
Sigh.
Sigh.
Sigh.







Sigh.

Sigh.
Sigh.




You love me dear friends.
Greetings to our radio announcer and many friends of the rail land.
This is the old fashioned healing broadcast coming direct from the auditorium here in
Dallas.
And now I left in that rented car, prayed, and cried and bawled and squalled about 80
or 90 miles clearing the Tucson.
And by the time I got to Tucson, I was so drunk under the spirit of God.
And I just can't get it out of my head.
I can't get it out of my head.
I can't get it out of my head.
I can't get it out of my head.


I want you all to bear one thing in mind before we get going.
That I am one of you.
I'm not an actor.
Just like them actors that you guys see that these movies come in.
They put words in their mouth.
Well, I'm one of you guys.
You know, when Dick dropped me off at the motel today,
I almost seen a blind man get killed.
He was crossing the street.
And I noticed that the dog didn't look right or left.
This big truck almost hit him.
And I watched the blind guy on the other side,
and I seen him handing the dog some cookies.
And I ran across, I said, sir, you know, you almost got killed here.
That dog didn't look, and yet you're giving him some cookies.
Why?
He says, because I want to feel where his head is so I can kick him right in the rear.
Oh, that pup is good.
It's impossible to do everything tonight, what I know in my head,
and the way I fool and play with people.
I may sound a little bit mad because I've gotten letters from people.
All I want is the reputation that I've earned.
Don't let nobody take advantage of us guys.
Be one step ahead of these mothers.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you.
Thank you.

Hey, that new church air is just great.
It's fun.
Well, son, if you'll just keep breathing an equal portion of church air with all of the bad air, too, you'll get like me.
Your head will begin to expand.
The inside will eventually become larger than the outside.
I don't know quite how to explain this, but I've put my trust in Bob.
Thanks to Bob, the inside of my head is much larger than the outside ever was.
But doesn't that make it hard to get through doorways?
Sometimes I do get lost inside my head, and I've had trouble finding my way out, especially early in the morning.
But thanks to Bob, I'll be a much more...
...productive employee on the job.
And I've had a great time at parties with this new big head that came with my glandscaping.
Will the same thing happen to me when I get to be a man, too?
Yes, son, you'll go through the operations, too.
The doctors will open your third nostril with their musical instruments, and you'll be able to whiff-read the stenches of all the normals and pinks around you.
You'll be able to sell your...
...soul and anything, son.
Just like me.
Gee, I can't wait till that Bob-time train comes around the bend.
Oh, look out, son! Here it comes now!
It's frightening, isn't it?
It's unbelievably big and scary.
It's not rich enough to be used and to receive the new world, but flesh and under...
...the skin and blood of the dead is a real mystery.
I understand not the way of the land-clad ones, only.
Resident believes possibly MNAs are in the area.
Oh, dear friends, well, this is another hour of slack.
This is Reverend Ivan Stang, speaking to you.
Negative land in the background, as usual.
And, uh, the Will of Dobbs is here.
And he needs for Shelly C. Mann to call 823-7490 or 828-9500.
Because we didn't get your address right.
It's hard to read the address.
We need you to call in.
Dear, dear, dear friend.
We're gonna be hurting the animals, uh, tonight.
We're gonna hurt them real bad.
Um, not as much as we'd like to hurt boy George real bad.
But that's an inside joke. That's another story.
Oh.
So beautiful. So beautiful.
Hey, that new church air is just great.
The new screen excitement you've been waiting for.
Rated PG.
Close your eyes and pretend with me for a few seconds.
Your doorbell rings, and there's a chaplain standing quietly.
He tells you...
We're splashing liberation right around the world.
And we'll die to do it.
Hurt me.
Use me.
Use me again.
Use me.
Hurt me.
Use me again.
Hurt me.
What?
That's amazing.
Tape recorders taking over their mother.
Before making any additional statements about my subject, I'd like to make it clear that,
in any reference I make to the church on today's show, I'm not going to be making any additional

statements about my subject.
I'm going to be speaking in broad and certainly not specific terms.
That is, I will be referring primarily to the institutionalized church.
Everyone uses...
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
Now to continue with the tape recording.
We're going to see. Get ready.
What I'm talking to you about today is the most up-to-date thing that I could talk to you about.
We're living in the closing moments of this dispensation.
So, housewives, take this tip from the growers of Idaho potatoes, whose potatoes make delicious
French flies.
Then we watched my friend very suddenly and violently vomiting.
Who's going to listen to that?
And when they do, how are they going to feel?
Well, I don't have to think about that.
You do.
Whoever you are.
Your family's safe.
We're safe.
We're going to get you out of here.
I wish you were a genius, but feel like only a sub-genius.
Have a kisser Darth Vader's mom would expunge.
Tired of gorge-clogging crypto-wimpism?
I have a solution.
Stay tuned in the weeks to come for exciting lectures such as Drink Your Way to Happiness
and a special tour of the Roy Rogers Museum, wherein Bob will prove that Trigger has moved
again.
All this and more on your favorite soundtrack for a crumbling society.
Food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food,
food, food fights of the gods.
All great things are happening.
God is showing people.
Many of you are hearing verses.
You're tormented, your mind is tormented, your family.
Some of you husbands and wives.
You mumble, grumble, complain, fuss-fight.
You demon powers and strive to destroy your marriage, your home, so you need to, if you
can't mend you all to get these tapes anyhow on demonology.
Take one, two, three, four, five, six and they're on, right on up, till we get through,
on can a Christian be demon-possessed at the end of the program,
but we're going to take you into that service right now.
We're going to take you now into that service in progress
where we are sharing on the subject,
can a Christian be demon-possessed?
Hundreds of New Yorkers at a religious revival
chanting the name of a modern-day prophet, Bob.
Bob's teachings are the foundation of a church
that does little more than parody cults and American consumerism.
It's called the Church of the Subgenius.
Tom Vitale has this report.
You will pay to know what you really think.
But if you give us money, we will tell you what to think.
And not only have you paid to know what you really think,
but once you will get value for your dollars.
Americans will buy anything,
and they're getting sold shirts.
That's the message of the Church of the Subgenius,
as delivered by the Pope of all New York,
David Meyer, at a recent revival.
Meyer also instructed the enthusiastic crowd
in how to get slack,
how to get right with Bob,
and how to pull the wool over your own eyes.
For they shall see God.
It's still true.
God still speaks in special ways to each of us today.
But my feelings toward him are still so brittle and sour.
I don't care. I don't care.
I don't care. I don't care.
I don't care. I don't care.
I don't care. I don't care.
I don't care. I don't care.
I don't care anymore.
Tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired.
I can't tolerate it.
I can't live with it.
I can't.
And that's how I became a subgenius.
This is from Gordon Pruvis and Jimmy Slack.
Listen to this. Listen to this. Listen to this.
What I'm going to tell you now may shock some of you,
but it's the truth.
I was in the rock music scene.
I was a part of it for years.
I was a musician. I was a singer.
Thinking about what the kids want to hear.
Speed and pot.
Sex outside of marriage.
Said old masochistic sexual techniques
involving leathers, razors, and spiked heels.
Money.
Stink and the stench and the filth and the rot
and the bondage and the darkness.
Sports.
Sports.
Listen to this.
One of the greatest days of my life.
This particular night I was there with crowd control.
That coliseum was packed to capacity with tens of thousands of people.
Thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands, thousands there that night.
The air was heavily laden with marijuana smoke.
And it was so thick you would even get high walking through it.
And the scene was straight out of Danny's Inferno.
It was like animals.
It was like...
It was like...
Dogs sponsoring this huge...
It was like...

Extravaganza will be...
It was like...
Some of the mightiest corporations in the United States of America.
I would give my body to this group until it was black and blue.
I mean it.
I'd get down on my hands and knees.
I'd give them anything they wanted.
They're like God.
They're even better than God.
Listen to this.
To be blunt.
You will...
You will...
When the show is over you'll go backstage and let these animals do about anything they want to do to you.
So what?
It would be worth it to me.
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
Listen to this.
I awakened on the couch to the flaring reverberation of a monstrous stereo that had played all night long.
A little stale cigarette set up to attempt to focus on my immediate surroundings.
Garbage, garbage, cigarette butts, cigarette butts.
Dope trays, dope trays.
Needles and albums were strung about with clothes ankle deep on the floor.
I reached forward to begin consuming one of the leftover untouched drinks when I noticed the television set was on.
I almost turned it off.
But something said watch it.
I looked at my life.
It means nothing anymore.
Do you hear me?
It means nothing anymore.
Help everywhere.
The marvelous show today folks.
Our very special guest is loved and admired the world over as a fine performer and a great humanitarian.
Please welcome one of America's oldest and most respected kids, Ivan Stank.
Senator, do you care to cross-examine now?
Yes, I'd like to cross-examine him now.
Mr. Stank here, when you sold these hydrogen devices to the Malaysians, were you aware that that was taxpayers property?
Those, listen, those Malaysians are fighting against freedom every bit as hard as the Church of the Subgenius.
And on top of that, these people can't be expected to protect the Dobstown investment out there in the jungles from the nearby hostile.
The fiendishly clever savages who are constantly...
You must refer to the Ukabalaponga.
Yes.
The fiends they are.
Very popular with this order.
They hate...
Well, that's all very good, but where's the missing money?
Well, you see, these freedom fighters, or Ukabalapongas, Ukas as we call them, have used it all up.
They fought freedom all over the world.
And that's not a cheap prospect you're looking at there.
Now, I offer this document in evidence, an article from the Arizona Daily Star entitled,
You Could Lose Your Blues at that Toddlin' Tucson Bar that's known as Bob Dobbs.
It appears that this bar, which has taken the name of Bob Dobbs, is an utter warren of normals and pinks of the worst stripe who talk about sports and wear bill caps and drink beer.
What do you have to say about this obvious betrayal of the trust of your many followers?
Look, Bob gets a penny for every time his face is xeroxed, and he doesn't care whether that xerox ends up on the wing of a Russian fighter, or if it's on a nice old granny's wheelchair.
That's right. But.
Or. And.
And it is a big but.
No ifs about it.
I mean, look. You can't run a church on air.
This is a world outreach. We're fighting for freedom.


...riding poverty and free thought everywhere, all over the world.
So you feel justified as a private citizen into pushing your particular line?
Well, the...
Is that what I'm to understand?
As Bob said, the ends always justify, more than justify the means in every situation.
And too much is always better than not enough.
And if you want to step on my...
I've read the Constitution.
I know what the rights of religious subgeniuses are.
If we want to sell what you call nuclear weapons, these are stage props for us.
To small countries, and that is our prerogative.
We're...
This episode of the Hour of Slack...
...is on the...
...underwritten by the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company,
a purveyor of Dobbs-approved church wear, including subgenius T-shirts, buttons, and other mutant products.
Also available locally at Lone Star Comics and Metamorphosis.
That's the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company, serving the public since God knows when,
at P.O. Box 595-148, Dallas, Texas 75359-5148.
Thanks, Weeping Cyclops, for supporting KNON on the Hour of Slack.
Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company
is a production of the Weeping Cyclops Insignia Company.


Oh, listen to those...
Once again, the swinging love corpses, dear friend.
Oh, you know, all last week I was hearing ads on the radio for this Lena Lovitch concert.
She was going to do a benefit for the animal liberation movement,
the people for the ethical treatment of animals.
Well, that's just great.
She and Nina Hagen, praise Nina, damn Nina,
and they're...
I don't know if you've ever seen any of the literature that comes from the animal liberation groups,
but it's hate literature.
They hate people, basically.
And now I'm just speaking for myself, not for the radio station,
not necessarily for other subgenii.
I can't pretend to speak for them,
but for myself I say,
death to the animals.
Death! Death to them!
Because I eat them.
And I will always eat them.
And millions of us will eat them,
the little animals,
because they're replaceable,
easily replaceable,
because they fornicate and make more little animals.
And they are filled with blood.
Rich, red blood.
Blood which gives us...
the strength and the power.
Which the vegetarians have not.
And not only the strength and the power,
for even they can gain strength and power from eating their little plants.
Their helpless vegetables.
I mean, at least the animals can fight back, dear friends.
At least the animals can scream in pain and agony
as we track them down and kill them.
Or else as we throw them in cages and kill them.
Either one, doesn't matter.
Because they're just animals.
Souls?
Oh, of course they have souls.
And all the better to make them feel pain with.
We free those souls, dear friends,
from their mortal coils.
That they may go up to their cow heaven,
or their pig heaven, or whatever.
Where there are no humans to destroy them and eat them.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, friends, one thing which the vegetarians can do,

and never glean from their sad, limited diet,
is the aggression.
The hormonal hate power.
Which is why the carnivores will always exist.
And will always win any battles with the vegetarians.
Just as the alcoholics have historically always won against the froth heads.
And for the same reasons.
And it's a damn good thing that I eat a hamburger a minute.
Because I'm not an alcoholic, and thus not as feisty as they are.
So I need the meek and the death of the animals.
And death, death by torture to those who are supporters of animal liberation groups.
Did you know, friends, that there have been people killed in laboratories
sabotaged by these fanatical anti-vivisectionists?
Of course these beasts must be vivisected and dissected alive.
How else can we know what exact level of pain on the painometer must be reached?
Before they die of fright.
This is an important consideration in modern science.
So, dear friends,
don't just eat that animal.
Eat the hell out of it.
With hot sauce.
You'll need to, because the ones that are vegetarians now will be the first to turn to cannibalism.
Once the econo-cataclysm really sinks in,
the environment's destroyed,
and then where will their ideals be?
They'll feel like we deserve to be eaten.
Nope, they sacrificed all those years not eating animals.
The world's been destroyed, there's no vegetables left,
nothing will grow for 500 years,
and they'll feel that it's our turn.
Oh, they'll quickly turn to dining upon some succulent
long pig,
faster than anybody.
Mark my words, dear friends,
mark them,
and then heed.
Everybody welcome.
How do they know we're here?
Oh, so, uh, you know...
...you're sure to take care of us?
In a dream I dreamt that was no dream,
in a sleep I slept that was no sleep,
I met the junk man in his scattered yard.
There in a twilight of talk,
my ears stared at the wag of his broken jaw
as he ranted over the rule of ruin.
And within my rusting headpiece,
here where all metals turn inward,
I eyed his arguments as a bargain of beads
strung on the grieving yesterdays.
And the junk man's words circled about my beefery brain
like crippled wings on a broken bed.
I was a young bird,
no real flight in it.
Come, hold hands with me
in this stagger of dark,
and watch the junk man inventory his rust.
Trace with the green of our togethered intelligence
the rag picker counting his twisted treasures
here in this jungle of jungle
where all smiles must leap down.
Don't let go of my hand.
Look how the madman of discard walks
through the low forest of his possessions.
There he stops,
and with his practiced junk man's appraisal
measures the meanness in the meaning of a bent frame
of some lost courage.
Now, his awful laughter beginning,
he counts a stack of odd-shaped fears
and considers with his cash register eyes
the price they all bring
when some young thing,
you or me,
or anyone somewhat free,
happens to come here to build on these
grotesque grounds.
Don't be afraid,
but don't let go of my hand.
I am no braver than you.
We need our need of needing each other,
and more.
We need our need of not needing each other.
Now, while the junk man is busy in his counting house,
now, while the king of unkindness tells lies to himself
in a devalue of value,
help me in this crowded air of broken wings,
like melodies we can whistle against the dark.
Yes, now, when the junk man has made a yard
of so many millions who have been disinherited
from their inheritance,
you and I will begin again the beginning that will never end.
We will mix ourselves together
and throw our togetherness down
to make the junkyard green
with our cunning care.

Then, in some tomorrows, tomorrow on other wings,
other wings will know that flight can be mended,
and that the junk man who wants his books in the black,
in a profit of no profit,
the cheater of the cheated,
will make his idiot inventory against other eyes
with a difference.
Our having given ourselves to his junkyard
will give love the sanction.
It is now great greatness will stand,
and sound with noise in that then.
And there will be no weeping
as the junk man lies weak
on the memory of his bad bed.
Look, even now as we hold hands separately,
the crimson edge cuts across our silhouettes.
Don't let go of my hand.
It will be morning soon.
We can look at each other unafraid.
And in that morning we will laugh until the tears run
as we listen to the children of our children,
and the children of our children's children
sing the many melody to one song.
Oh, what a pleasant, lovely piece
by Ken Nordean, dear friends.
Good old, old, good old Ken Nordean.
In the mammal world, dear friends,
in the mammal world the predators
were traditionally carnivores.
Specialized meat-eating animals with teeth
modified for stabbing, killing, and tearing flesh.
Their legs were designed for leaping
and producing a turn of speed that could quickly bring
their chosen prey within killing distance.
They reached their acne just before the age of man,
but have since decreased in importance
and are now almost extinct,
except for a number of aberrant forms
found in the coniferous forests of the far north
and in the South American island continent.
When the carnivores were at their peak,
the rodents, particularly the rats,
began to acquire a taste for meat and animal waste.

The spread of man to all parts of the world
encouraged their proliferation,
and after man's demise,
they continued to flourish in the refuse
created by the disruption and decay of human civilization.
It is this adaptability that has ensured their survival.
The gnawing incisors developed long stabbing points
and were equipped with teeth
and blades that could cut and grip into their prey.
The other main predator is the raboon.
Descended from the baboons that flourished
on the grasslands during the age of man,
their diet changed from omnivorous to carnivorous
during the period that the big cats of the grasslands died out.
At the same time, they increased their speed
by taking to their hind limbs
and adopting a totally bipedal locomotion.
The forelimbs became reduced
and the head was carried further forward,
balanced by a thick, heavy tail.
In physical form, the raboon bears a distinct resemblance
to the carnivorous dinosaurs
that died out over a hundred million years ago.
The raboon stands about 2.3 meters high
at the tip, at the hip, pardon me,
and lives purely as a scavenger.
As predators, it is a predator,
and it eats only the softer tissues and muscles
of, for instance, the gigantelope's belly
or the anal regions where there is always plenty of meat
left for the scavengers.
The giant raboon concentrates on the meat
of the limbs and neck,
leaving the rest to smaller, less powerful carrion feeders
such as the primitive pink boys.
A less energetic tree dweller,
the sloth,
or the slobber,
or rheostostium corpitellium,
can be thought of as a kind of marsupial sloth
that spends nearly all its life hanging upside down
from trees and creepers.
It's totally blind
and subsists entirely on insects
that it catches in the flowers of its home creeper
by entangling them in long strands of mucus
dangled from its mouth.
Its large, downturned ears and sensory whiskers
alert it to the insect's arrival
and tell it when to drop the mucus,
which it aims at the flower's scent.
As the slobber's hair grows in spiral tufts
and is pervaded by a parasitic algae,
it is completely camouflaged against the background of creepers
and, when totally motionless,
can escape the attention of predators.
These readings, dear friends, are from
Life After Man,
a Zoology of the Future,
a true documentary.
A document,
as you should well recognize by this point in your stud-
Respirate.
Yes?
Because the conspiracy wants you, children.
It wants to own you.
It wants a piece of you.
It wants your soul.
And we have to discuss this.
We have to discuss tonight
the ways in which the conspiracy wants to take you over
so that we might better combat it.
And the first thing we're going to discuss tonight, children, is
deregulation.
Yes, children, that's right.
We're going to discuss deregulation.
Do you remember flying in this wonderful country
prior to deregulation?
Say yes.
Absolutely, children.
The planes weren't full.
The air was clean.
The fares were low.
There was no way to the airport.
They didn't cancel.
It was a wonderful thing.
And also, children,
if you wanted to take a very short flight,
let's say you wanted to fly,
for instance, from, I don't know,
Northampton, Mass., to Buffalo, New York,
well, you could just get on a plane and go.
A small carrier.
Now you've got to go to Graffiti Field in Connecticut, Newark,
and blow your whole day.
Is that fair? Say no.
No.
Don't you deserve the flight you need?
Absolutely, children.
So let's carry this analogy further
and look at an industry that's been deregulating
since the beginning of time, children.
Because deregulation breeds monopoly.
And where do we have more monopoly than him?
Religion.
Religion.
Yes, children, religion.
Religion as a business has been deregulated
for years and years.
And if you want to talk to your God,
why, you have to go through one of the large
spiritual carriers, children.
You have to go through Muhammadism.
You have to go through baptism.
You have to go through Judaism.
You have to go through Catholicism.
And children, what if you want to worship in your own way?
In that case, children, you need the small, independent,
or spiritual carrier.
Isn't that right? Say yes.
And who is that small, independent, spiritual carrier?
Who is it?
Who is it?
That's right, children, it's Bob.
When you go to worship to Bob,
when you tithe to Bob,
that which is Bob's is the piece of your soul
that smudges off from your dollar bills.
Then you aren't worshiping in the way you want.
You're spinning in the eye of these deregulated,
monopolistic spiritual carriers.
Now, children, you know, a few months ago,
the whole earth horribly came out with an article
about the church of the subgenius.
And in it, in it, someone had the bald-faced temerity
to compare the Pope of the Pacific Northwest
to Jim Jones.
Shameful, children.
Shameful, I know.
Don't cancel your subscription here.
But you know, children, in my estimation,
in the estimation of the Pope of the Pacific Northwest,
Jim Jones was a piker.
A right piker, children.
An amateur.
After all, what did Jim Jones accomplish?
All Jim Jones managed to do is talk a hundred nilers
out of something they had no use for in the first place.
Their miserable lives.
But, children, I'm here to talk about something

This crowd of smart, hip, affluent, perceptive young go-getters
has something that means the whole world to you.
And that is your money, children.
I want your money.
But, children, children, children,
do I want it for myself?
Do I want it for the renegades of slack?
Who do I want it for?
That's right, children.
I want it for Bob.
I always want it for Bob.
Or K-N-O-N.
Oh, yes.
Dear, dear friends.
And you can call 823-7490
or 828-9500
and talk to the Will O' Dobbs.
If you're puzzled, if you're confused,
if you need to come to us
for a healing or an injury,
we can deliver either one.
Oh, it's so lovely.
Reverend Stang, I hate those bobbies
just as much as you do.
Remember listening to the testimony
of the Reverend Ivan Stang
of the Church of the Subgenius.
Reverend Stang stands accused
of selling hydrogen weapons
to the Malaysians.
I thought it was hydrogen peroxide, Senator.
Wasn't it hydrogen peroxide?
Hydrogen peroxide weapons.
Hydrogen peroxide weapons, that's right.
The giant foam bomb
and it was found in the back seat
of his Lincoln Continental, wasn't it?
That's right.
With the name of God, the Father Almighty.
With the Malaysian secretary.
The shredded body of the late Reverend.
Yes, that late Reverend.
Who was a Malaysian secretary in disguise.
Well, you can see him down there sweating.
I think it is getting hot.
He looks a little nervous.
There it is.
He seems a little upset.
He's removed his tie.
He's standing on top of the table now
and ranting.
You ought to be treated the way you are.
Twenty-five lawyers are trying to
power the Supreme Court
and they're fighting the conspiracy.
Stand up against City Hall.
I was starting Dr. Howard.
Today is the worst Tuesday
growing these books up at the council.
Yes, but he's mooting.
He's mooting the Reverend.
Please don't judge me too harshly, Bob.
I was good.
I was murdering anybody for you.
I'm talking to you, Bob.
We're going to have to scrub the skin
off this boy.
No trouble.
Reverend Sting, can you remember back on
last November 25th, your meeting with
Dr. Drummond and the President?
Could you please tell us what you were
talking about?
Well, to begin with, the famous six
subgenius girls that the press keeps
harping on, they were secretaries.
And they were very valued members of the
church.
They were helping us make decisions on
these things.
They know more about it than we do in
some cases.
So, and the President, I mean, he wants
advice and we're all too happy to try to
give it.
He can't, even someone in the position of
Ronald Reagan can't just call up J.R. Bob
Dobbs anytime he wants to.
So, uh,
Well, what exactly did you tell the
President?
Well, look, the transcripts are available
for $1 from P.O. Box 14306, Dallas, Texas,
75213.
And the
transcripts are available for $1 from

P.O. Box 14306, Dallas, Texas, 75213,

If I was in Lavite, I'd pay the same


This is Bill's
Home.
Can you bet a bunch on him?
Does he play basketball?
He does.
He wins a lot of você, you know that,
right?
Yes, of course he does.
He is from Los Angeles.
He is from San Francisco.
Yeah, he's from Florida.
What kind of people can he get
to hörate?
could be supportive.
We could be giving them hot lunches
in the home for slackless children,
and yet you expect me to spend it all on lawyers.
They're ready to go out to Slaughterhouse 301.
Slack.
Special classes.
Slack.
Oh, slack.
Line up for that slaughterhouse, you little bobbies.
It's easy how they could treat JJX like that.
Look how they cheated Jesus Christ.
Yeah, no kidding.
And look how they...
Well, we just got a hate call, dear friends.
It was great.
Somebody called and said,
well, I'd rather see...
I think the life of a cocker spaniel
in that laboratory being experimented on
is worth more than the life of Reverend Stang.
And I agree so much.
And think of those poor little bunnies out there
that are being killed by wolves.
And those poor deer that the wolves bring down.
And those giraffes.
The lions and tigers kill.
Oh, gosh, it's so terrible.
Death in the animal kingdom.
We should end all killing of animals,
even at the expense of the timber wolf,
the mountain gorilla,
the tiger, the Bengal tiger,
the African lion.
Let these animals fall by the wayside
because they're terrible.
They kill animals.
Of course they do it.
For a reason.
Not like us humans.
We don't do it for a reason.
We just do it for fun.
Yes, fun.
Fun, fun, fun.
I may sound like a Bible beater
yelling up a revival in a river crossing hand meal.
But that don't change the truth now.
I want to see if one person,
one single person,
will have the courage of their conviction
and come...
Come down here and open up to Bob
and give them, give me their wallet.
I don't just want your money.
Don't just want your credit cards.
We want your library cards,
your voter registration.
Give it all up now.
Actually, Bob doesn't care.
Bob is the richest man on earth.
He doesn't care if you spend money.
All he wants is souls.
He wants you to have slack.
He wants you to fight the conspiracy.
And it is going to take some fighting
because they are everywhere.
Powerful conspiracy.
The conspiracy is everywhere.
The television shows you watch,
the rock and roll songs that they play
over and over and over and over again.
Of course, this station excluded.
President's got me excluded.
But J.R. Bob Dobbs is here to spread abnormality.
Yes, the seed of Bob is your abnormality potential.
We're not talking about this consumer abnormality
which they forced onto your children.
We're not looking for a hip audience.
Please, get me behind the hip.
We're not looking for a sophisticated audience.
Bob, certainly not.
We're looking for an audience that is willing to believe everything.
An audience that cannot escape
because only then does it stop being an audience
and participate in the isness of Bob.
The last thing that we want is a vast stadium full of geeks,
80,000 strong waiting for us to come on stage and entertain them.
We want them to found their own church.
Get on the streets and entertain themselves.
Bob preaches short duration personal saviors.
You should skip from one personal savior to the next.
It could be a wine bottle.

We're a consumer society, ladies and gentlemen.
Planned obsolescence.
Things wear out fast.
Not our fault.
That's the way it is and we understand.
Look down and piss it.
You killed your mother.
Your servant.
You left her alone to die.
Shut up!
Shut up!

Shut up!


Shut up!


Shut up!
Shut up!

Shut up!

Shut up!
Shut up!
Shut up!
Shut up!
Shut up!
No!
Female?,
stay still here!

Uh, my life is like a
A few men,
depended over the penetrating
Laotian
balsamic cup,
cayenne,
zenia f Xbox,
ренozco
k化
And it can eventually produce for you what you don't want.
But you cannot get away from this power.
Just listening to what I'm telling you now can be the turning point in your life.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right.
And, you know, we've been getting, boy, we've been getting some angry calls.
That's good, that's good, that's good.
They think we're bad people because we brag about eating animals.
And it's actually, to tell the truth, to tell the honest-to-God truth,
I think it's pretty appalling the way certain laboratories and old cosmetic testing groups
will hold a little bunny rabbit, a cute little bunny,
strapped down while they put chemicals into their eyes that are held open like in a clockwork orange.
And they put drop after drop of,
hydrochloric acid and so forth, you know, hairspray and things into their eyeballs
to see whether it would, how badly it would hurt a human's eye.
And when it wouldn't hurt it too god-awful badly, then they go ahead and release the chemical.
And that's, you know, that's, that is appalling.
But at the same time, that whole thing is mixed up with this insane notion about cruelty to animals.
And my God, man, what about cruelty to people?
Why can't we be more cruel to human beings?
That's what we're here for?
To destroy the planet?
That's what it says in the Bible.
So, uh, you know, hey, oh, oh, oh, and the other thing is, I should mention now, start mentioning,
that there's a subgenius, small subgenius, D-vival, coming up at the next Fantasy Fair,
uh, in, uh, let's see, that's on June 5th, Friday, June the 5th, at 10 o'clock at the Sheraton downtown.
It's the downtown.
It's the Sheraton Hotel.
It's the new one, I think.
It's at Live Oak and something, I believe.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's in, yeah, it's inside a building.
And, uh, anyway, keep your eyes open for that, uh, subgenius revival, the 5th, at the Fantasy Fair downtown.
You'll have to pay to get into the Fantasy Fair, although, uh, usually, uh, you can get in for, for, uh,
K&ON listeners, if you can present a picture of Bob, you get in for nothing.
This is free for all sort of thing.
I'm going to go get some food.

Uh, under those conditions.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, we do continue, I suppose, here, somehow.
Yeah, that America, or any country, values individuality as the highest ideal is a cheap myth.
Everybody's an individualist, but they don't like individuals.
But, friends, I'm here to talk about J-O Bob Dock.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But, oh, oh, I shall talk about Bob.
The church is everywhere.
Oh, subgenius is everywhere.
Yeah.
They wear Bob on their shirt.
They have a pipe in their mouth so they can be like Bob.
But they've got, oh, they've got the church of the subgenius.
Oh, yeah, they're saved.
But that's all they have.
They forgot Bob.
That's right.
They don't have, I think what it is, they don't have enough faith.
They don't have enough faith in humanity or subgeniusdom or Bob or themselves to believe that there could be a J-O Bob Dock.
I'm not of any of these offshoot subgenius fringe groups.
I'm the sole member of the Sagian Orthodox Megafiscombological People's Covenant Church of Docks Yet Resurrected.
Yeah.
And you can forget Connie's panties.
You can forget the conspiracy.
You can forget all that stuff.
But you best not forget Bob, my friend.
Because someday, someday it's quite possible that the conspiracy itself will own this church, lock, stock, and barrel.
Oh, yeah.
So you better watch, you Bob fans.
You better watch where this church is taking you.
Oh, yeah.
Because, friends, this church, there's nothing wrong necessarily with the church someday coming up out of its underground status like something out of Night of the Living Dead and getting popular.
But it's much easier to get popular in all the wrong ways, dear friends.
And we'll see how long this book will stand up to the weasel-faced, slack vampires.
And Bobbies out there, oh, they want to serve you, Bob, up on a silver platter.
A fancy-bite Bob.
A sort of good-natured, mellow Bob.
And, friends, you best fear the day when Bob Dobbs becomes as wholesome as he looks.
Because on that day, friends, your paychecks shall crumble.
Your condos shall fall to the ground.
Your rock and roll albums will melt in the atmosphere.
Your masks fall.
I will pray to you.
You'll be begging.
You'll be begging for one last breath of church air.
You think Jesus had it bad.
Oh, Jesus had to work an 80-hour week.
Oh, poor J.J. Conymer.
Friends, they're going to nail you up on a cross with electrified nails.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
They'll make you nail yourself up.
And you'll be glad to do it at 20% interest.
But how are you going to get that left hand in?
How are you going to get the right one in?
You'll have to pay somebody.
But how are you going to get your wallet out of your pocket?
Yeah, you think about that.
Oh, you think I'm kidding?
No.
Oh, big joke.
You'll know who Big Brother is, dear friends, sooner or later.
And you'll know that hell is not some place down below.
It's right here on earth.
And when the demons try to tell you that,
oh, you think it's a satire.
You think you're being some kind of stand-up comedian.
And someday you'll wake up, up to your neck,
in false jobs, false sex, false money.
And you'll say, where's Bob?
Where's Bob?
Three, two, one.
The next time you head for your car,
the Texas Medical Association wants you to remember this.
When your car strikes another object,
the impact is over in one tenth of a second.
You have no time to brace yourself, much less protect your child.
Correct use of safety belts and child restraints
reduces injuries and saves lives.
And this is some of that unreleased Devo that somebody was asking for.
But I'm going to cut it off short and disappoint you.
So that They Don't Think I'm area's
Going on T18s,

I'm because I've been in season-마,
and I don't want the away coule best

Got it?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Oh, yes, dear friends.
And you can write to the Church of the Subgenius for more information at Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's Bob at P.O. Box 140306.
Dallas, Texas.
If you so much as value your souls, 75214.
Society is full.
You will obey.
Fill their minds with questions.
Fill their minds with questions.
Fill their minds with questions.
Fill their minds with questions.
Fill their minds with questions.
Fill their minds with questions.
Fill their minds with questions.
Fill their minds with questions.
Fill their minds with questions.
That's not interesting at all.
You'll buy our special process.
A process in use since our first mom and pop operation.
Who are we?
We're the normal people.
The most normal people in the world.
But not quite as normal as you.
Why?
You're unique.
It's natural.
Everyone's unique.
But you stand apart from the crowd.
You're normal.
Normal is a typical herd of sea cow.
Normal is an exploding stellar nebula.
Normal is the world in which we live.
I think we're going to isolate them all in these baskets.
I think we're going to isolate them all in these baskets.

It was not like that already.
I've got a high dignbait back.
They don't have the the� detachable demanded from survival cooking.
Over the next ten days I think we're going to be all by ourselves.
In the middle you've got a Dutch boy that Cornwall l książ propagated.
We'll be up on Earth naked, and here were scientists krijgnafados.

On Earth mudarangkumaуть.




But I don't work up the provision.

Let's get serious.
I shoulda 관련 the fish.
When we decide to replace euronazis.
Cá niq.
We are.
yet another form.
So hang in there, dear friends. This is
KNON 90.9 FM
in Dallas, Texas.
You're listening to
the latest from
Hinton Templar from the
Subelectric Institute.
Help him somebody!
You've lost your
jersey as a player, John, and you
have to record it. You're willing to
trip up when you walk away
in a fit.
That was
a scary one.
I was a boy
on the Iowa Barber.
I was a boy

What is your mission?
What is your
cause?
How can I
be happy?
What is your
mission?
What time
do you think
There is no
hope
in time




what is your

What is your problem?
Show off!
Or you think there is no hope?
I tried to fix this habit.
Show off!
What is your issue?
What is your problem?
You've lost your duty as a creator.
