Well, on a clear day I can see Stang.
You know, I don't have much choice.
Well, um, long time no see.
Look out!
Now look what you've done. You hit the dynamite.
The sub-genius.
Power calls.
First thing I can get through it.
Shocking.
Shocking.
Here's Bob One for A1 Slacks.
Hi, I'm Bob One for A1 Slacks, and I'd like to take a moment of your time.
Thank you.
And I'd like to tell you about the nice folks down at A1 Slacks.
They handle a needle just the way your mother used to,
and the results are racers, capers, tapers, and bummers,
such as you've never worn before.
The Action Man's Go-Go Now Generation Happening Slacks
for the Go-Go Now Generation Action Man on campus.
And off.
And remember, you can get a good education and win valuable prizes, too.
Thank you, Bob.
You're welcome.
And now, back to...
And thank you for the message, Old Fireside Theater.
Well, it takes a while to get to it, friends,
but this is one of our more political episodes.
This hour of slack, number 1144,
uses excerpts from the Puzzling Evidence and John Hell shows in San Francisco and Berkeley.
With Puzzling Evidence,
Dr. Philodrum and Dr. Howell,
Dr. John Hell,
and K-Rob,
and me, Reverend Stang,
with my Winter Star sermon,
with bits of collage by Fernette and Annie Lemur,
and noralpref.com,
with Ancient Fireside Theater, thanks to Zontar,
and with Dr. Sinister's Radio Synesthesia from WCSB Cleveland,
with call-in guest Priestess Pisces,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
Governor Rocknar,
No Money Mark,
plus all money me,
and some news coming up of Jesus,
and Magdalene,
and their new baby,
and we may even get some rain.
But first, the Puzzling Evidence show.
In just a while, why don't you bring out our insect circus.
You'll split your sides laughing as you watch our earwig clowns
performing their more adorable,
horrible routines.
They have little suits on, I guess.
Yes, and they end with a squirt of horrible goo
right out of their upraised abdomens at you.
I'm Malcolm in the middle, but with an F.
Does that cost more?
Do you sit in the front row?
It's what we call the money shot.
It's a good thing I don't have a computer in front of me
every time I come to the show.
You know, it started with the flea circus,
and we expanded into the...
I'm looking at Centralia, Pennsylvania.
Is it still on fire?
It's still on fire.
It is on fire? Why?
It's just in.
Nothing's burning now.
But what about the tick circus?
Do they still have tick circuses?
They sell...
Centralia is going to burn for years.
Where the math kids get together and do trig.
They have the traveling leech show.
Underground trig.
Yeah, underground trig is really hot right now.
You go in the sewers of New York.
The sewers, I was about to mention those.
That's where these insect eruptions come from.
And math nerds.
And albino alligators.
Do trigonometry.
Yeah, real loud.
Stunts.
Yeah, because it's the only place they don't bother other people.
Hair trigonometry.
People.
I guess it's called people.
You can burn yourself just from walking in the woods.
You can burn yourself.
There's all these YouTube videos of kids hurting themselves
doing trig.
Yeah, you can burn yourself, buddy.
My candle burneth at both ends.
It will not last the night.
Tooth equals skinnage.
Skinnage?
You mean like...
Poor little cars out there by the railroad station.
Yeah, but that's terrible because it shows them burning pork sausage on the cover.
Well, they're going to put it on the tracks.
Yeah, here's the rock and roll funeral for Michael Pepe.
Sleeve cheese.
He was a titan among us.
And truly we shall not look upon his like again.
I've asked each and every one of you to step up and give a little reminiscence about Michael Pepe
and what he meant to us all.
Well, I'm going to start by throwing it open to Mavis Peebles.
She's going to talk about how the time Michael Pepe surprised her when she was on her way home from the grocery store.
Altered her view of the philosophical underpinnings of Western civilization.
Hard, hard, hard, hard to get hard.
Build institutions that are necessary for staged elections.
Duh.
Duh.
Duh.
Duh.
Eyes got wide.
Gitmo trials rigged.
Uh-huh.
Sort of.
Yeah, I thought so.
Deeply flawed.
Talk about.
Talk about.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
Jag off.
We got, we got some people on the line here.
Let's, uh.
Dave is trying to call in.
Oh, gee.
Let's make room for Dave here.
Hello, you're on the air.
I heard you were on the air.
Yep.
Which is much worse than being on the cryptic science.
Cyanide.
I told you, I told you that thing was trying to call in.
And it would smell like it, too.
That's the first thing you would notice.
As your nostrils resemble the canals of Venice.
You talking about cyanide?
Kind of.
I actually kind of like the taste of cyanide.
Isn't that in almonds?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's kind of what it is.
It's like I make a tasty amaretto cookie, but instead of almond flavoring, I use cyanide.
It's a big hit.
Right.
It's a killer, man.
Almonds at one time were poisonous, but people eventually bred the cyanide content out.
They made them sweet instead of bitter.
You ever had a pluot?
Is it like a plum or an aristocrat?
It's like a cross between a plum and an apricot.
I thought it was something that happened in the bathroom.
It's something that happens before the bathroom.
Right.
If you ever crack open the pit and get the little kernel inside the pluot, it doesn't taste like almond.
It tastes like a plum.
It tastes like amaretto.
That's what we do with souls.
We go for the little kernel inside the pit in the soul.
And crack it.
Only you don't have to crack it open.
You have to coax it open.
Yeah.
But many of the yogis believe the soul is indivisible, much like our United Nations flag.
Boy, I'm having so much trouble hearing Dave.
And yet I can hear Dr. Sinister just fine.
Yeah, Dave, you're a little quiet.
Well, I'm having psychokinetics.
I'm seeing these weird diseases.
Designs in front of my eyes.
Did you hear what I just said?
Designs in front of your eyes.
Yeah, like they're a little cybernetic.
They're like little hallucinatory little trees sometimes.
And then they have different ornaments like as if it were a holiday.
You know, like Christmas or something hanging from it.
Except for all the things that are hanging are actually plutocratic politicians.
Dave, did you remember to eat today?
Pardon?
Did you remember to eat today?
I ate yesterday.
I...
Probably will eat tomorrow.
And I did eat today.
But I think it's rather futile trying to eat days when the days are trying to eat us, dang.
That's what time control is all about.
Boy, ain't that the truth.
You know, why eat a day when the day's already eaten you?
Ain't that the truth.
And it's a sad truth, too.
And that's why I went in my pants and cried.
And you can lose a lot of purity of essence.
You know, your precious bodily fluids just by thinking about it.
You can end up with a wronged erection.
A wronged?
There's never a wronged erection, is there?
Well, that's actually, that's the title of a new book,
A Survey of Victims of Teasing.
How about that primary erection we had last Tuesday?
What was it?
Was it an event or was it a non-event?
That's what, you know, I...
I was promised, I was promised flea erections and...
Oh, is that the flea, the new,
we were talking about the new,
the new subgenius flea circus that was...
Oh, flea circus.
Oh, we were touring, yeah.
Well, it's actually a tick circus.
Is it a tick circus or is it a flea erection?
It turns out ticks are a little easier to train than fleas.
Oh, sorry.
I was wondering if it is a tick circus or a flea erection.
Is that when fleas, like, play with erector sets?
Pardon?
Is that when fleas play with erector sets
or, like, they dance on something you've been with one?
There's no such a thing as a flea erection in this country anymore.
Imagine all the fleas who think that they're only erections
they've tried so hard to gain
are merely rigged by another unusual object.
I went out and did the dirty deed on Tuesday, though,
despite the terrible weather,
and I ran into my good Republican buddy walking in,
and he knows that I'm his good Democrat buddy,
even though, of course, I'm always horrified by the...
It's a lesser of two evils kind of...
Yeah, I say...
I say, why settle for the lesser of two evils
when you can get all the evil you want for twice...
for just a half the price, you know?
Well, that's what my friend ended up doing.
When we walked in, he goes,
well, I'm going to go in and filthy myself and do the dirty deed.
And I said, we had just finished it ourselves.
And I said, sorry, as a sort of a joke.
But it turned out, after I said that,
he decided instead of throwing his vote away on McCaskey,
he decided to do what Rush Limbaugh had suggested
to, quote, screw up the Democrats, unquote,
and vote for Hillary,
even though he was himself a Republican.
He registered as a Democrat that particular time
and voted for Hillary
because he figured that would...
In the long run,
that's what Rush has been telling his ditto heads.
Yeah, man.
Somehow.
It's a sad thing.
I think...
I think this year the barbarians were allowed to vote
for the Socratic ticket,
and the Socratic ticket was allowed to vote for the barbarians.
And a lot of the, you know,
the guys that wear the weird Valhalla helmets,
the Viking helmets,
and have large male breasts and stuff like that
were hollering for you to get out there.
I don't know who you is, you know,
or where they wanted us to get or anything.
They wanted you to vote?
Well, they wanted us to vote for the opposite.
We were supposed to vote according to that.
Oh, the barbarians wanted you to vote for Socrates
and the Socrates.
The Socraterians wanted you to vote for...
Well...
Alley Oop.
Yeah.
Socrates.
Yes.
The members of the Socrates party
were telling me to vote for Alley Oop.
Right.
Well, this was a case where
the barbarians, the cavemen,
were telling everybody to vote for the Queen of Death.
Oh, yeah.
Anathema or Anathema Pus?
Because they figured, I assume,
that their guy would be able to beat...
the Queen of Death easier than Obama, Ben Hussein.
Yeah, but he wouldn't want it as his first lady
or else he'd have to kiss the goodbye note from that
when he put his hand on the biblical forms.
Good old Barry Hussein.
Yeah, they're all going with their feet smiling.
I actually have been...
I've been happy to see Obama do so well
because it's kind of reassuring, you know.
It's like, oh my gosh, I guess the human...
humans aren't as racist in the U.S. as I thought they were.
Yeah.
Well, this is a great hope,
but I think they're trying to rig the fleas.
On the other hand, I know people who think
that Obama is just another evil demagogue
and waiting, ready to be the next Huey Long or...
Yeah, I tell you what,
I am not impressed with Obama personally
like that much as a candidate.
I just really dislike Hillary Clinton.
And the way the campaign has...
been running the past few weeks
has only solidified my opinion on that.
I...
I don't really like anybody running for president
this time around.
Oh, of course, Ralph Nader.
Ralph Nader got into the race.
Now, that was just to make it so that
McCain was no longer the oldest guy in the race.
Victor, why don't you accept
the government's offer of a scientific post
and wait for politicians to make up their minds?
I am the last of the House of Frankenstein.
It is true, but how much time do you think that I have left?
Every hour is a day out of my life.
Every day, a month, every month, a year.
A month can see the end of my life.
Victor, why?
Why what?
My son...






Well, you're...
I was thinking about Abraham Lincoln
and the enemies of the truth.
But I could not tell
Kennedy
from John Wilkes Booth.
Now, out of my way.
Out of my way.
Out of my way.
Our dejar Union
On record and day
And I feel like
You're killing the place
With anybody who claims they're right
All the preachers, men, the politicians
All the grins and the things they write
Out of my way
Out of my way
Out of my way
Hot rockin' on record and day
And this is the call to arms
This is the call to hands
This is the call to the voices
And the mouths of the people
In every land
Out of my way
Out of my way
Out of my way
Out of my way
Out of my way
Hot rockin' on record and day
And we're takin'
The road to the future
And we're takin'
The history test
Of who's baddest and who is best
Lenin the brother
Lenin the sister
Lenin the communist
Out of my way
Out of my way
Out of my way
Out of my way
Out of my way
Hot rockin' on record and day
Place in the day
Put the money in the mattress
Place in the day
Put your pennies where they go
Place in the day
From the left to the leading
From the left to the leading
And this is what we wait for
And give me the tale the truth
Was I cool in the wisdom too
And though we never would admit it
Everybody knew we did it
When it burned down the board and moved
Out of my way
Out of my way
And we are the immigrant flock
The shipwrecked on Plymouth Rock
From the monitor and the Merrimack
From the pressure and the Pueblo
And the Titanic
From the pressure and the Pueblo and the Titanic

Which only we know
We left out trying
Just like we fucked
We left the ship that meant the kingdom
Ooh ooh ooh
Us a cow
We twisted the love


Did not go the way we went
Happy. Happy. We love that city


Mr. Speaker, a message from the Senate.
So it is, again, with a heavy heart that I see my colleague, Senator Bob, retire after a distinguished career.
He will not sit down and write a book.
And that book is entitled Bob Matters.
And it is a hope with other senators on this floor that Bob will be rendering the people of this country for some period of time.
In the great poem Ulysses, he says,
I am a part of Bob and I am much richer for him.
Four. Mr. President, I yield the floor.
You know, a lot of Democrats are disgusted with Hillary's tactics.
Yeah, actually, Hillary has suggested that the country be better off with McCain than Obama.
And that's not exactly how you run a primary election.
You know what I mean? You don't say that that a member of your own party is not, you know, who may well be the nominee is not as good a choice as your enemy.
You know, I mean, like, that's just not how.
All fair in love and war.
And of course, you know, particularly when it wins in the next dinner, all buddy, buddy again.
You know, it's like Rachel Maddow said, that's the way you talk.
If you want to be McCain's vice president.
Yep.
Now, who know if you were to say, like, let's have a like a game show or like a reality TV thing.
Let's marry Machiavelli.
And we'll say we'll have Machiavelli.
He'd be we could put him on the left or the right.
He's married to the queen of death or he.
I like Machiavelli.
He doesn't want to be married.
He did the queen of death.
But somebody has to marry Machiavelli.
And then they marry the queen of death.
That would be really freaking stupid, wouldn't it?
The queen of death is already taken.
Thank you.
But who is it?
Yeah, it wasn't.
But wasn't that the Reikens?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Maybe it was Nancy.
At least she had that.
Well, at least I had the queen of death down.
Well, I mean, if you ask me, the real queen of death is Laura Bush or maybe Barbara Bush.
After those things.
She said about the old.
Oh, the poor people have it better living in the Super Bowl or whatever.
Well, Bush is not really a full.
It's not like a subgenius thing.
But she's not really a full and total human being.
She is what the Native American people call it.
Two hearts.
And part of her psyche is actually in a Doberman's.
Her second or whatever they call it.
Man, hold that thought, man.
We got to take another caller here.
Two one six six eight seven.
Three.
Five.
One.
Five.
You on the air?
Gentlemen, talk about the Bush twins.
Not the twins.
We're talking about the.
We were talking about who had the most attractive behind of the different presidential candidates.
Who's has the.
I mean, Obama has the swively hips.
Hillary is female.
McCain is, of course, a sagging old fellow trying to stay in shape.
And Obama has slightly smaller shoulders than Hillary.
And Obama has a very tall body.
He's very tall.
He looks like spaghetti.
But he's.
So what?
It's a personality and sexual contest.
Who do you find most sexually attractive?
Who do you want to have to see giving speeches on TV all the time?
Who would you pay twenty nine fifty to go see at a house of pornography in a film that
was rated by you?
Right.
So the deep question, gentlemen, my theory is the Bush twins.
I like to see them as a little as lesbian act.
You know, the whole system.
I think that's the thing that's going on there.
You know what I'm saying?
That would be wonderful, I think.
Exactly.
You know, and that's the dollar in my peep show slot.
Yeah, but they can't do that until their dad is out of the office.
Well, you know, before you hear a lot of what you want.
Yeah.
Before Daggett's out of office, all they can do is like go on drunken rampages.
And where was that anyway?
That one of them got arrested.
I would love to see them in a three way.
So it was an Argentine or something.
Yeah.
Well, you know, there you go.
I mean, you know what you're talking about.
That's the kind of thing that would end the partisanship.
I just don't understand why, why, why the right wing noise machine likes to make ugly
jokes about Chelsea Clinton, because frankly, I don't think she's kind of holy at first.
Come on.
At first, she was a holy looking, cute little friend.
She's cute right now.
Twelve years old.
She was 12 years old when her dad became three years old.
When her dad became president, you know, when her dad became president, she was 12 years
old.
And Rush Limbaugh was making fun of her for being ugly.
Like that's, you know, that is that's complex.
That's great.
I love it.
I've gone Chelsea stalking and there's several nice bikini shots of her out there on the
Internet.
Oh, you know, you want to go for philosophical reasons.
Lots of guys might pretend they would be picky that way.
But when you get down to it, I doubt seriously if most male members of the family would be

picky.
I mean, I don't know if the third chimpanzee species would actually turn their noses up.
Well, you know, we have careers for all the president's daughters.
Some head butts.
Diplomatic head butts.
Diplomatic head butts.
Diplomatic head butts.
Some head butts.
Diplomatic head butts.
But.
But.















But.
Sometimes.

But.
But.
But.
But.
성 Sleeping?
In sleep inside of bed.
Like I said, if I got up on the couch and had fun.
Yeah.
Drink some vodka.
MARCH scientist deeper than Heritage Hill.



Somebody took a bucket of BeckhamOMEXC liguería vlog.
Diplomatic head but.
Then other contributes to it.
That's the plan.
Oh, yeah.






Put cross lives together.
by Steve X and the song before that reckoning day was by the brain makers
and now lemurs report from the hearings
our next witness mr. congressman Andy friend I'm sorry I didn't hear you I
believe Andy friend well the fact is he know you know you really know I knew it
if I knew that he knew that I knew that okay you know that I understand are you
saying that Roger said according to Andy Debbie told Andy that Roger told me that
Debbie should not have told me about Roger yes sir thank you very much but I
don't remember whatsoever okay why you but it is what it is
you
why why I said it is what it is thank you very much
believe on the air hey Pisces hey Pisces Wow we think you are over of this month
get it happy burn day yes thank you thank you
I love hearing you guys talk about politics by the way and
I
and I know that the literature may not enjoy that so much but here in DC there
you guys are actually more informed in some ways and more interesting than the
radio pundits I listen to here I'm honestly confused and and this is the
thing actually politics are my favorite subject like some people are sports fans
I'm a political fan but I I just like a good clean argument that is
intellectually honest and we as subgeniuses we see through all the
political BS and I like to see candidate well you don't
No, some of us buy into it.
Honestly, like, yeah.
I mean, I think you kind of bought a lot of what's going on here.
Honestly, like, I'm just not impressed by anybody running for president this year.
No.
And some people are, and I don't see any substance.
You know, the ones with substance never seem to get anywhere.
You have your choice between a populist and populists are basically a lot like hippies.
Populists? Who's a populist?
We're Soviet-style.
I'm a lean populist.
I don't know about that.
Tell me about some of his populist actual policy proposals that are populist.
No, okay.
You're right.
Because a lot of his policy proposals are a little bit to the right of Clinton.
That's the funny thing.
A lot of his policy proposals are actually a little bit to the right of Clinton,
or, like, by that I mean, like, they would be a little less effective,
and, like, you know, you're throwing bones to the Republicans
when you spin your policy proposals a certain way, you know?
Oh, yeah. Absolutely.
Absolutely.
He's going around saying that, like, Social Security is going to be in a crisis.
Like, you know, nobody who's done an honest look at that.
I mean, like, Medicare is one thing, but Social Security is something else entirely,
and it's kind of irresponsible to go around saying it's in a crisis.
Well, what is wrong in this country with wanting to bring health care costs down for everybody?
What is so wrong with that?
There's nothing wrong with that, but I'm saying his proposal is not going to be effective at that.
Let's imagine.
Hillary's. Hillary's is going to be even less effective.

You need to do some more reading, my friend.
You need to do some more reading.
First of all, the number one thing we need to keep in mind is this is basically an insurance-type system.
Right.
All right?
Right.
Is how it works, all right?
People pay money into it so that there's money there to grab when you need it.
Now, here's the thing.
When you don't have a mandate, when you don't have a mandate, when you say that,
and then you simultaneously say that, well, you can't be rejected because of preexisting conditions,
what you get there is people.
They stay out of the system when they're young and healthy and say,
eh, I don't need to pay for that.
And then when they get old and sick, suddenly they're signing up.
And do you see how quickly that would cause the system to fail financially?
You need to have healthy people involved in a health plan just as much as you need sick people involved in it.
Not to give away my employer too much, but one of the divisions of my company is a company that does information for doctors
on basically how to get.
the most money out of Medicare.
Oh, you slurred.
How dast you.
That's corrupt.
That's corruptigation, especially from the district of corruptigation.
And exactly.
Exactly.
But are you brought to you by health and human servants?
Basically, they are paying my company and paying me.
They're paying my company about, I don't know, $600 for about 12 pages a month of information
just to basically get as much money as they can out of the Medicare system.
Hmm.
For 12 pages of information, this is a job that we should all be in.
And I'm trying to figure out a way to do this for the church, the subgenius, where we can get,
send out 12 pages of information for about $600.
And when I will, I'll be on the phone with staying right away.
I'm working on it.
Well, if you do that, don't mention prices on the air here.
You know, like we were talking about Chelsea and do you think you would fit in that category
or would you just want to like smash me in the face for saying this now?
Oh, Chelsea?
What?
No.
No, she's cute.
She's cute.
I mean, but then I kind of like girls who are a little different.
I really couldn't imagine, you know, being involved with a Barbie doll.
Do you like humans that are different?
Right.
I mean, real different?
They're tiny humans?
Well, I mean, I'm currently have in my house right now a wonderful Yeti mutant who is my male consort of sorts.
Yeah, I know who you're talking about.
And he is a mutant.
That's for sure.
Oh, absolutely.
They cut that up and use it as a PSA just the way it is.
Or you can like add like a 15 donut in there and maybe have coffee with everyone.
Yeah, I mean.
No, that's the outro, which is worse, really, if you're from where you're from.
Now, you know, between Snake Plissken's escape from New York and his escape from L.A.,
there was an escape from Cleveland, which is referred to twice in Escape from L.A.
Yeah.
He escaped from Cleveland.
Yes.
And that was where he met Carjack Jones.
In the Unmade movie.
I was very surprised to find when he made it to L.A. that Carjack Jones was no longer a rough, tough man, but a large-breasted woman.
Boy, I missed that one, but it's certainly as progressive as...
Escape from L.A. has a Dobbs takeoff in it played by Reverend Bruce Campbell.
I saw that.
Named Dr. Dobbs.
I know, the insane plastic surgeon.
Yeah, and he looks kind of Bob-like.
Like a Bob who had been stitched together from people who didn't really look like Bob.
Does his face crack at one point?
It does.
That was a campy movie.
Whatever happened to the campy camp at Burning Man?
Or is that like every other one now?
Burning Man, you had to say it.
Oh, that's right.
That's not cool anymore.
Now you have to burn them.
You have to burn Burning Man before he's supposed to burn.
Or else you're just...
I'm going to laugh at you.
Everybody's going to...
To develop your fan base.
No.
There should be like 60,000 Burning Man, all the same size.
There are.
At the night of the burn, they all get burned at the same time.
Wouldn't it be great if everybody just stayed in their camp and burned their own Burning Man in their own camp by themselves?
Well, that's the way they used to do it.
And why go backwards?
Because going backwards is good.
We should go backwards to a time when...
Everyone spent their time by themselves.
A little five foot high Burning Man that you burn in your own camp.
In their own Burning Camp.
Whoop-de-doo.
Big deal.
A tiny little man.
Five foot tall.
No, five inch tall.
I'm telling you guys, out in the Midwest, there are burning little men.
Sure there are.
Sure there are.
There's little green ones.
They'll have two girls that juggle fire and two guys painted blue.
Have them sent to my tent.
Wow.
A little four foot high man that they burn.
And then instead of taking a whole week...
They do it like in three hours.
It's not to catch him, but nobody can.
There's one in every town.
There's like Austin has one.
There's one in every town.
Hello, I'm Dr. Howard.
And so like when you're driving through the middle of Fargo, North Dakota,
and you look over and somebody says,
Hey, have a good burn.
Hey, have a good burn.
You know exactly.
You go, yeah, you too.
Burn on, dude.
Burn on.
Ray Vaughn burners.
Ray Vaughn burners.
Ray Vaughn burners.
Save it for the burn.
Save it for the burn.
Save it for the judge.
Save it for Judge Punch, that old goat.
What's he up to lately?
I don't know.
It's all up in the air.
All we know is that Jesus and Magdalene have Conbo back.
And they have the new baby, Reverend Bonecracker.
Now, doesn't the ex-husband live with the judge now who's trying to keep him sober?
Yeah, they're both in prison.
The judge wants to keep the guy sober.
Judge Punch got together with him and they're now in Minot.
Judge Judy sent Judge Punch and the biological father to Guantanamo Bay for terrorist activities.
And Judge Punch and Judy are giving demos in the Bay prison.
Right.
And here they are, hand in hand, walking to the prison yard.
Who's in rehab.
They got the drunk dad going through rehab.
Now I'm getting bored with it all.
Judge Punch is going to lose a lot of credibility if the dad doesn't stay sober.
He's lost all credibility with me.
Yeah, now they're just talking about.
Subgenius legal matters.
Who cares about that stuff?
Now, as I say.
Here's what they had to say.
I'm not saying.
But he did say this.
He said it wasn't a true inflammatory abscess component injection report.
Gentleman's time has expired.
Oh, Fred.
Thank you.
Thank you.
By the way, one other thing.
I'm getting in.
Yeah, right.
It's crazy down here by DuPont Circle.
People think that they're like religious leaders.
And fornicators and some of them like can fly and stuff like that is not, you know, no Kung
Fu movie I want to be in.
I can tell you, I live actually north of the D.C. area itself.
I live in Montgomery County, Maryland, because I cannot tolerate living within the district
lines because the district has a curse on it.
Whenever I go into it, I am immediately lost.
I think it has to do with too much pink energy and maybe the energy has to do with all the
occult symbols that you find in the way the streets were.
laid out.
Well, they are known to make people sick, especially if they've taken too many psychic
psychogenics.
And all of a sudden, all these things start to, you know, these strange like eyes and
pyramids on buildings and stuff like that.
And Gates, you know, is like, is this an embassy or am I just hallucinating like some demonic
nightmare?
And then you know, you pass out.
Oh, and then the streets that end.
Well, Washington isn't that bad of a city.
You go down the street and it ends and all you see in front of you are two guys in uniform
with machine guns.
And you go, oh, sorry.
I went the wrong way.
So you turn around and you say, well, why don't I make a right instead?
You go down the street and it ends and it's the Potomac.
Then you turn around again and you go down the street and it ends and there's guys with
machine guns again.
And eventually you do this for three hours and you go crazy.
And the guys with the machine guns are standing there watching you going, hmm, is she going
anywhere?
And some of them are exes too who are already here now.
Right.
I mean, who are waiting for me to go crazy because they know if I keep going down the
street and having this happen over and over.
And over again that, you know, the guys with machine guns will then feel the need to do
something.
Or they'll need to follow you around.
Maybe they want to date with you, even though you could say you're going with a Yeti mutant.
That doesn't mean much to the jar heads, you know.
No, no.
They'll just soon bite his nipples right off and jump in the swimming pool with them
afterwards.
Maybe if they, maybe if she specified which Yeti mutant she was going out with, that would
scare him away.
Yeah, it's possible.

I just said, oh, no, it's totally two beans.
And everybody would go, oh, two beans.
Oh, no.

Well, can we say that he was working for the Pentagon at one point?
Oh, yeah.
He actually is now working for NASA, actually.
Really?
Which went from the Pentagon to NASA.
And this is one of the nice things about doing what he does in this area is he works for
these various people for, I don't know, three months.
And then about the time that he realizes he hates everyone he works with, he gets another
job and he's working for another group of people.
So he's designing, he's setting up the manned landing on Mars for two days.
This comes in 2009, right?
Well, you know, for.
Oh, top secret, I get it.
Or is it a subhuman?
Once again, is it a mutant whose foot's gonna land on Mars?
Well, how are we gonna switch the planets back into their rightful places is the big
question.
Dangerous question, indeed.
Maybe disturbing.
Maybe disturbing.
Disturbing.
Disturbing.
143 million pounds of government officials.
At least 37 million pounds of the affected government officials.
That's three billion pounds.
lunch programs around the country. 35 million pounds of hot government officials tainted by
the processing of so-called downer government officials who sick to walk. Inability to walk
is sometimes a sign of so-called government officials disease, a brain wasting disorder.
Some sick government officials were prodded to stand with forklifts and water hoses.
Glad to be here.
Should they be going to McDonald's and asking hard questions?
Being mad.
Being mad. There is evidence of illness. I think there's a significant food safety risk
to the public.
Feel me in life.
Hey, hey.
Going to McDonald's and asking hard questions?
Thank you.
Okay, so anyway, I'm going to have some dinner and then dinner at eight.
Well, what's this about a big powwow at Philo's?
It's not a big powwow. It's a really tiny powwow.
Oh, there goes the end. That's the end of the world again.
But it's all fun and frolic.
But it's all fun and frolic.
It's prickly feet, frogs, and crow pies.
Because when you know the world's ending, you'll do things that you've waited all your life,
that you've put off all your life.
You go, oh my God, I've only got one minute left.
I always wanted to climb Mount Everest. I'm going to start right now.
And he got sick.
We have to take a shower first, all right?
I'll be right with you.
That's what X-Day is like.
I should have told him that that shower was, well, booby trapped.
He was gone, but the shower went on.
Now, when did this blessed event with the...
Magdalene occur? Just fairly recently, right?
On Christmas Day.
No kidding. Christmas Day?
Well, pretty close, yeah.
But what about that legend, the one referred to in Curse of the Werewolf,
about a child born on Christmas Day, and now it can evidence lycanthropic tendencies?
Oh, well.
Well, why do you think they called the kid Reverend Bonecracker?
Oh?
He was so savage that he cracked tiny little Magdalene's cockles.
Oh, that's terrible.
Well, it just meant it hurt to sit down for a while.
But she's all right now.
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
She's back to sitting.
Moms do that.
Yeah.
Yes, the child of Jesus and Magdalene.
I guess you could call Columbus, the Columbus they live in, the new Priory of Zion.
It's psych.
With the little sign saying, this place is terrible.
Oh, yes, it's like purgatory.
But the...
The legal...
The go-in here...
Bohu is over?
No.
It's all over.
No, and the bill paying will go on forever and ever and ever.
It's all over the floor.
Forever and ever.
It's all over the floor now.
Yes.
Subgenius is concerned about the plight of Jesus, Magdalene, and their child, Conbo.
Should look for the little donation button on subgenius.com.
In the news updates section.
Or go to modemac.com and start poking around.
Or just Google subgenius child custody case.
Is Modemac putting himself in charge of the financial donations and so on?
Modemac, who, by the way, is a sex god, has taken a lot of responsibility in general.
He's really quite...
A saint.
As well as a sex god.
It's sagging now?
This show is really sagging.
It's a little dumpy show?
The show does need exercise.
The show...
Let's go out on the balcony.
Looks like a gift for 20 bucks.
Let's go.
Maybe we should go out on the balcony.
Okay, yeah.
And sit on the wall.
But if we fall over, you'll have to do it really fast.
You know, the show's only on for another half an hour, right?
I know.
All the king's monkeys, his slugs, and his snails.
Because it's a church.
Restore.
Yeah, we didn't talk about Paul.
We didn't talk about John or Jerry or any of the old books.
But it's a church.
You've got to expect...
We didn't talk about Mark.
Other Pauls.
We didn't talk about Billy and Jill.
Namby Pamby sat on a fence.
Namby Pamby tumbled from a fence.
All the queen's donkeys, her dog and her cat, could not restore Namby to where he was at.
The end of the world in this church is coming up soon.
So I just thought I'd let everybody know.
So, lumpus dumpus sat on a stile.
I'll get back to you later, hon.
All right.
Lumpus fell off after a while.
We have concerned callers here.
People that love us and want us to do the good thing.
All the king's spiders, his earrings and beads.
What's that word you just used?
Stashed.
Some more thing.
His smashed body.
What the fuck thing?
It's just something we say out here to be friendly.
In case...
So you don't commit...
Well, sir, are we supposed to talk more about Bob or less about Bob?
I never understood.
I'm doing a show right now, right?
Rudy Kazuti sat high on a ledge.
You talk all the time about Bob.
Nothing but Bob.
Rudy Kazuti fell right off the edge.
Killing him didn't do a damn bit of good.
No.
It only made it worse.
It was supposed to improve sales.
All the queen's puppies, her kitties and dogs, fed Rudy's smashed body to weasels and hogs.
What are we going to do?
You know, sales are in the toilet.
Oh, then suddenly we were in...
There comes the toilet humor again.
No matter how much you...

Just go ahead and shoot them.
All comes back.
Do you think that's what...
Why not?
Why not?
Maybe that's what...
Why not?
What the Benazir Bhutto thing was all about.
Could be.
The only way to get her elected was to kill her.
Yeah, could be.
It works like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was so sorry to hear that.
As one subgenius put it, she was the only leader of a nuclear-armed nation that I ever
had sexual feelings for.
Okay.
Yeah, obviously you didn't live in the 60s, man.
Well...
I think all the people are...
Hot for Nixon.
Hey, guy.
Are you thinking of Madame Nune?
Well, I...
Madame Nune.
Yes, the dragon lady.
You know that gypsy with the gold tattoo?
She was one of my favorites at 15.
Because I was living out there near the Orient.
I was...
My object of desire was Corazon Aquino.
Wow, now we're really getting somewhere.
That squat little bespectacled lady.
Easy, dude.
Burn me on.
Oh.
Now, I'm going to burn the Stalerville.
Yeah.
Because, friends...
Praise Bob.
As long as...
Now, notice it's not a 20 or a 10 or anything.
As long as the aliens up above, the men from Planet X, can smell the smoke rising off this
burning dollar, they'll know there's still a subgenius down here on Earth dumb enough
to be worth saving.
Praise Bob.
And don't call the fire marshal.
Please.
Sometimes this gets a little tricky.
One time we had a...
I went on a short tour with a group of fellows called Circus Apocalypse, who were really,
really funny sideshow freaks, you might say, or circus sideshow guys.
They liked Jim Rose Circus.
They would poke the screwdrivers in their noses and juggle.
They would juggle knives, which they didn't really know how to do.
And so they'd get cut a lot.
That was part of the fun of it.
Somebody got sick almost every...
Talk about sickening.
So I could make you people vomit if I did what they did.
But one night, their juggling fire did set off the fire alarm.
We were in Carnegie Auditorium in...
In Pittsburgh?
Pittsburgh.
You were there.
You were there, yes.
And we all had to go out in the snow.
And...
And stand on the steps of the building in the freezing snow to listen to Dr. Legume
deliver his subgenius rant.
And I swear, friends, I felt like it was Planet of the Apes come to life.
It was great.
Now, technically, I got one thing to say, and it won't take long.
But Bob Dobbs done been here, took a good shit, and gone.
To quote...
The great Rudy Ray Moore.
Or Dolomite, as he's also known.
We could...
Can we turn on the projector now?
Because it's dinner time, basically.
At 6.45, it said dinner break.
I am done.
Except for selling.
But we have...
Last Starwood, I did...
Well, I always videotape at Starwood, and so do a lot of us.
But this is...
This time, I edited it.
And it's not completely edited, because there's...
We don't have...
I mean, we can't put it on YouTube.
We can't show, sell copies, because it's...
This version of it has too many people that we don't know.
They didn't give us permission to show them dancing around a bonfire naked to their boss.
And we're very sensitive about that.
Believe me.
That's one reason why I'm allowed to videotape at these things, because I know how that is.
So...
Good buy and good sales.
You know, you've been...
You know, on the radio since there, right?
That's where we've been for a really long time, and we've been writing a lot of things

Do you gather at the end?
I like it.
I think this is the thing.
You have to figure this thing out.
So I work with same people.



But I think about it a lot, because at some point, we all know aboutieleness of the–
LinkedIn friends are all the same.
In a bad way.
Yes.
An今 힘들berg by people.
That's another concept.
Oh, we were going to do a question and answer.
There was going to be a screen saving.
Thank you to the guy with the devil horns on his head.
I had to get mine removed.
You can still see Bump from one of them up here.
Are there any questions?
Any questions?
I'll answer the...
Why is there air?
Why is there air?
You know, that was the title of a Bill Cosby album that my dad used to have.
Blow up basketballs.
Is that what it was for?
Yes.
I never did get the punchline.
You asked me, over in a sarcastic manner, over at the sales table, you said,
say, what's Bob's position on illegal aliens?
Illegal aliens from Sirius.
And channeling Bob himself, I replied, probably doggy style.
Somebody, the other day it came up on one of the radio shows,
somebody said, what would Bob do?
Ha ha.
And what wouldn't Bob do?
Ha ha.
But then we got, it's like, well, no.
Among the presidential candidates, who would Bob do?
And we realized that it would be simpler to answer the question, who wouldn't Bob do?
And the answer, we decided, was Huckabee.
Huckabee was the only one that Bob wouldn't do.
I don't know if he had the tightest ass.
Ha ha.
He does have the tightest ass, Isaac.
Ha ha.
Ha ha.







Ha ha.
Ha ha.



Isaac is right.
Huckabee would have the tightest ass.
I guess Bob wasn't thinking.
The same question came up on all.slack, and somebody said, well, Obama's got those swively
hips, which I thought was sort of cute.
I had to say Hillary, because hers were the only ones that would be of much use to me
personally, but I'm kind of small-minded that way.
And I don't know.
I don't know.
I haven't been there.
I'm sure I'm missing something.
Ha ha ha.
That's just the database.
Shut the way back machine, Sherman.
That's just the database, Morgan.
It's impressive.
Yeah, it's really fast.
Well, I had to figure out what we did for the last 20 years, last year.
Why?
Is that somebody's...
We had an outfit out here called Maybe Logic Academy.
Oh.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Awesome.



Awesome.














We had an outfit out here called Maybe Logic Academy, and it was a little bit of a
bit of a Robert Anton Wilson spinoff.
That's what we've been referred to here.
Ivan Stang is the guy who's the basis for these important events.
Well, I'm the one who answers the phone at the office.
Is that the guy who owns the van?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He owns Devo.
They had me teach a history course in how to run your own cult business.
And the history of Church of the Sub-Gene.
Oh, wow.
And we had 50 students sign up, paying 100 bucks each.
Yeah.
So it was a profitable thing.
We're going to do it again this year, or in 2008.
Almost this year.
I think in May.
No, I'm talking about a distinguished faculty, including Douglas Rush.
What makes up the curriculum?
Well, in this case...
Pedagogy.
Pedagogy.
Pedagogy.
Pedagogy.

I made them listen to every audio tape that had ever been made, and watch every video,
and look at scans of every...
Ten years right there.
...psychotic letter that I had ever had to read.
Hey, you two are talking.
We're watching it again.
Do they still have to pay their $30?
...throwning in Sub-Genius Vegas?
Oh, yeah, sure.
We all have to pay the $30.
It's the graduate seminar.
I did.
I paid.
I wrote the check.
I never paid to go to Burning Man.
I didn't even have to endorse the backup.
Nor would I ever.
Never.
We had employees then.
Now it's just...
We're all janitor stang running the whole shop.
The fleets of bombies.
Cavernous interior.
What kind of bombies?
You know, we've had to downsize a bit.
But the important thing is we're still here.
Enron's not still here.
That's right.
But the church...
The Sub-Genius Foundation is still at that sacred P.O. box.
1-8-1-4-1-7.
Cleveland Heights, Ohio 44118.
www.subgenius.com
Making its way through the world.
From one city to another every now and then.
A vigorous and still living entity.
Entity, entity, entity, entity.
Don't gather round people.
Wherever you roam.
And admit that the waters around you have grown.
Except that soon you'll be drenched to the bone.
If your time to you is for saving.
Then you better start swimming.
Or you'll sink like a stone.
For the times they are a-changing.
And you'll be a-shaking.
And you'll be a-shaking.
And you'll be a-shaking.
And you'll be a-shaking.
Come mothers and fathers throughout the land.
Don't criticize what you can't understand.
Your sons and your daughters, they're beyond your command.
Your old road is rapidly aging.
Please get out of that new one.
It's a new one.
You can't lend a hand for the times they are a-changing.
Come writers and critics who prophesy with your pens.
Keep your eyes wide, the chance won't come again.
Don't speak too soon.
For that wheel shall it spin.
And there's no telling who that it's naming.
For the loser now will be later to win.
For the times they are a-changing.
Yeah.
This is the Congressman.
Please heed the call.
Don't stand in the doorway.
Don't block up the hall.
For he who gets hurt will be he who has stalled.
The battle has started raging.
We'll shatter your windows and clutter your walls.
For the times they are a-changing.
The line it is drawn.
The curse it is cast.
The slower now.
Will later be fast.
As the present now will later be past.
The order is rapidly changing.
And the first one now will later be last.
For the times they are a-changing.
The world will be a-changing.
The world will be a-changing.
And a thank you to whoever is buying the round.
The Rainmakers are actually Bob Walkenhorst.
Did that Bob Dylan cover.
Recorded at The Record Bar, Kansas City, Missouri.
TheRecordBar.com.
And also the earlier song, Reckonin' Day, from their old CD,
was by Bob Walkenhorst and the Rainmakers, who are still around.
See BobWalkenhorst.com.
That's like Christopher Walken, but with Horst on the end of it.
BobWalkenhorst.com.
He's a true Bob.
The background music, friends, is from the original,
the ancient Lemuria, recreated by an Australian band called Reptoplasm.
Lemuria, Songs of a Sunken Continent.
This is actual music from the Lemurian composers
from before that great land sunk into the ocean.
And now a word from the Fireside Theater.
Here's Bob One for A1 Slacks.
Double your trousers, double your legs with A1 Racers tapers and...
Hi, kids!
And remember, you can take A1 Slacks out of the country,
but you can never wear them out.
Thank you, Bob.
What?
And now back to our movie.
TheRevelationX.com.
TheRevelationX.com?
TheRevelationX.com is available at Walmart.com.
Wow.
There you go.
That's kind of scary.
I mean, in a very odd way.
Like, what are they trying to prove?
That they're true to Bob.
Though how do you think they've grown so fast?
Sam Walton and Bob were old golfing...
Sam's Club.
Everyone remembers that.
Sam Walton.
Sure, Sam's Club is golfing club.
He's still to hand launch.
America embraced the Waltons.
Yeah, the Bilderberger Conference.
Ah, Bilderberger.
Yeah, helping with that dog.
Was Bob at the Bilderberger Conference?
Always.
See a bohemian grove, too?
Yeah, they frolic in front of the owl of Bob.
And so forth.
Smiling the whole time in the mud.
I just can't, you know...
I've been there, you know.
But Bob wasn't Skull and Bones.
He wasn't a member of the Skull and Bones.
He didn't say that.
Well, I don't think he went to Yale.
Okay.
Yeah, I don't believe that either, according to what I heard.
But he's always partied with those guys.
He was a big muckamuck in the conspiracy before he rebelled against them.
He continued infiltrating the highest realms of the conspiracy long after he was aware of their war against Slav.
He'll just stretch out here on top of this antenna.
Big dark forest of central Europe.
And for a while he thought that they were absolutely believers in the idea of Slav?
No.
Was he betrayed?
No, not at all.
Was there a Judas in the midst?
He was the saint of sails.
His sails magic allowed him to rise to the highest realms.
He was hobnobbing with the Rockefellers and so forth.
It's just that he realized the truth that Slav was more important than mere lucre or what the conspiracy calls success.
Yeah.
He saved John F. Kennedy.
He saved Elvis.
He helped them plot their dis- Jim Morrison.
He helped plot their disappearances.
I knew it.
Jim Morrison's in Africa, isn't he?
Yeah, yeah, I've been told that.
Quite confident then.
But is Elvis still alive?
Elvis, I say this on radio to ensure disbelief, but Elvis and John Kennedy are both cab drivers in Argentina.
Well, no, I shouldn't say that.
They've got- both of them were cab drivers.
They both died of old age recently.
I was gonna say both of them at this point.
They're not alive now, but they were-
Kennedy especially.
But you know, they just withdrawn from public view.
That movie Bubba Hotep was closer to the truth than, you know, most people would think.
From PR News in Washington, I'm Seriously Flawed.
The consumer product safety news.
The safety commission is reminding parents not to leave babies in cribs with turkeys.
The agency says the turkeys can suffocate and that there were more than 240 turkey deaths from 2002 to 2004.
Many turkeys suffocated lying face down on soft children in both Texas and Ohio.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates said that in the meantime, this is PR News in Washington.
PR comes from New York City and LA.com.
