Welcome to the subgenius radio ministry, Hour of Slash.
We returned alive from both the X-Day Drill and the Starwood Festival with some 20 odd hours of recordings.
The sorting and editing of all that audio is going to take some time.
So for this episode, we're taking the easy way out by stealing Dr. Sinister's show on WCSB Cleveland, Radio Sinesthesia, from June 28th of the year the conspiracy calls 2015.
Dr. Howell, yours truly, Reverend Stang, Princess Wee, and Lonesome Cowboy Dave were all guests, along with a type of creature that the Hour of Slash rarely attempts to domesticate, callers.
And this is only the first half of Dr. Sinister's two-hour show.
Praise Bob.
The saucers are coming, my friends. The saucers are coming. The end of the world is nigh.
Pucker your lips for apocalypse and kiss your ass goodbye.
Ew.
This is the end of the world.
This could perhaps be the series finale of Sinesthesia on WCSB Cleveland.
I'm your host, Dr. Sinister, and the world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Thanks for having us on the show, Dr. Sinister.
It is my pleasure.
I hope we don't die.
Well, we all hope that.
But as you said, we may die.
Yes, we may, but we also must strive to bring our last-minute message of good news to the assembled glyphosate.
Glistening listeners.
That's right.
You may die. We didn't say we may die.
Are they glistening listeners?
They should be by now in the hottest year on record.
I guess so.
As they exude certain primal fluids.
And it is only fair, before the ultimate heat that's coming, that they relax and prepare to sweat a little bit.
It makes me moist.
Yeah.
For those of you who have not figured it out yet, my special guests in the studio this evening are...
Dr. Howland Owl, Princess We Are Doe, and the Reverend Ivan Stang.
That's not like having the Pope on your show.
That's like having St. Peter on your show.
I gotta say.
But I can't go.
I owe my soul to the company store.
Oh, well.
Well, how much did they pay for it?
That'll all be hashed out in the after reckoning.
So to speak.
The interest is still building on that, Mr. Owl.
You see...
You have to stand in front of a giant panorama movie screen in front of the entire universe while they show every bad thing that you ever did.
And then...
Oh, goodness.
You have to go through a suspicious-looking cave-like hole to the right of the celestial throw room with smoke coming out.
And it doesn't look good.
The alley-oop angel gives you the heave-ho into the lake of fire, and you land right next to Hitler and begin your sentence.
I like to go wakeboarding.
I like to go wakeboarding on the lake of fire.
You have to have an asbestos wakeboard, of course.
In the subgenius hell.
By the time you get to the lake of fire, you don't have to worry about mesothelioma anymore.
The best of subgenius.
We did it as best as we can.
It could be that the subgenius hell is the same as the Christian hell.
It's just the subgeniuses are the demons.
Well, that has been offered as a sop to subgenius vanity in the past.
Well, it's just a...
It's just a break you in.
It's just a break you in and get you ready for subgenius heaven, which is so much even more fun than tormenting normals.
Because let's face it, eternity gets boring.
All the gods had to go off.
Well, yes, eternity is boring, and it bores away the last part of you, which is uncomfortable by timelessness.
Some of my favorite jokes start off with a guy dies and ends up in hell.
That's hilarious to start with.
Yeah, it's funny as hell, literally.
But, you know, I mentioned this, I think, before, and yes, you know, I hate to repeat myself,
but there's a Jack T. Chick comic where maybe you've seen this one.
A virtuous woman goes to heaven, and she's welcomed, and the angel says,
Welcome to heaven, you know.
It's good that you led a relatively sin-free life and asked for Jesus to come into your heart, which is most important.
Now, let me show you where you're going to live for eternity.
Oh, well, blessed be...
Wait a minute, what are you showing me?
This is like a windowless garage.
I have to live in this for all eternity?
I mean, I know it is in heaven.
Well, that's because you never witnessed anyone.
You see, you hid your light under a bushel, and you could have brought many good souls to Jesus,
but instead you didn't.
Even though you yourself were blameless, now you have to live in the outskirts of heaven, in this garage,
and better not complain too much.
You are in heaven, after all.
My mercy.
If we don't sin, then Jesus...
Jesus died for nothing.
Yes, it's all that matter of sin.
It's all solved on the cross.
So, do whatever you want.
Just, at the proper moment, you've got to bow and kowtow and knuckle under to that almighty spirit.
To bow and sue for grace with suppliant knee and deify his power.
But not in the Church of the Subgenius, of course.
We don't hold with all that un-American truckling.
And kowtowing and scraping and so forth.
We're Americans.
A real man walks up to God, thrusts out his hand and says,
Put her there, Lord.
Here.
We're equals, right?
Let's see what you got.
Yeah, show me what you got, buddy.
You know, speaking of witnessing, there are a lot of people who listen to this program week in and week out
who are not as familiar with the Church of the Subgenius as some of the other listeners.
Well, they're all going to burn.
They're going to burn.
It's as simple as that.
Yeah, they don't understand it.
So, this might be a good opportunity to just explain what this is.



This is what this is all about.
Now, you know, Jesus said he is the Alpha and Omega.
But, you know, J.R. Bob Dobbs is both the mouth and anus of the universe.
I call that much more of an Alpha and Omega than Jesus.
That's what makes him so ferocious.
He's on the worm plan.
It's frustrating.
But he is the one and the all.
He is both and everything.
He's Bob.
That's right.
That's right.
And, frankly, there's no avoiding him.
And Bob sold it.
I smoked it.
That settles it.
So high.
And Bob can sell just about anything to anyone.
You know, he is also the patron saint of sales.
A lot of people don't know that.
He has luck.
He surfs the luck plane.
And that gives him slack.
Or maybe because he has slack, he can surf the luck plane.
He was the saint of salesmen before he was a prophet.
He was a mortal who had seemingly magical sales abilities.
But he was immaculate.
He actually did sell snow to Eskimos.
But he did.
He was, after his immaculation, after being lifted up by the scruff of the neck by that
great dog owner, Jehovah One.
And he heard the pre-scriptures at that time.
He had shown those things which are to come.
Yes.
Then he was more than just a salesman.
He was a salesman and more.
A preacher, perhaps, among other things.
You know one sad thing.


Sure, sure, Bob was a pimp.
But most more than...
He's walked in the shoes of the pimp.
He's walked in the shoes of the sinner.
But most importantly, he's walked in the shoes of the shoe salesman.
He has walked in the shoes of the pimp with the platforms and the goldfish swimming around inside of him.
He's done that.
He has.
He's walked in beautiful high pumps.
All dressed up like a beautiful girl.
I have seen Bob, you know, in person before.
He was walking into this coffee shop.
And he had his pipe, of course, which we all know is permanently attached.
Ah, the pipe.
And woe be to anyone who dare mess with the pipe.
Someone told him, hey, you can't smoke in here.
Who dares?
The barista dared tell Bob that he could not smoke in the coffee shop.
Oh, somebody.
And he, you know, it didn't work out so well.
They actually ended up kicking him out.
And they threw him into the street right as a bus came by.
Where the hell did this all happen?
This happened just a couple of years ago.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, I saw it myself.
And they threw him out just as a bus was going by.
Yeah, and the bus ran him right over.
We went out to look for him.
He was gone.
He dis-corporated.
Then I was walking home there.
And I turned the corner and there he was again.
And he was looking great.
And gesticulating.
And he suddenly had a million dollar check in his hand.
Waving and winking.
From the settlement for being hit by the bus.
See?
Well, as long as it happens in the settlement.

I guess it's all right.
But, uh, that Bob.
Whatever happens, happens to be what Bob wanted to happen anyway.
Just happens that way.
You see, Bob surfed the luck plane.
But although we should also do that.
And do do that.
One should remember that when one is surfing anything.
There are times that you wipe out.
But for the most part you can surf the luck plane.
And then you get back on the board.
And wipe the sand out of your crevice.
And move on to the next.
Phase of surfing the luck plane.
I hate when sand gets in the crevice.
Yes.
Well, uh.
It's sometimes.
You wish that they were sand.
Sand in the crevice wasn't a bad band.
They, their first two albums were great.
Yeah, you're right.
It was just after, you know.
They were okay.
They were really funny.
After they got popular, sand in the crevice was, you know, they were lame.
Yeah, I could dance to it.
Yeah.
After they were on Smothers Brothers, they went downhill.
Mm-hmm.
You know, fame does that to you.
Sand in the crevice.
Mm.
It was an itchy band.
So we actually do have phone lines open if anybody has any questions or comments or concerns
about the coming end of the world here.
So they're all going to be.
This could very well be the last episode of Synesthesia.
Bernard and Braithwaite.
And the.
They're going to be dialing.
They're going to be calling.
And we've got to give them some answers about the Church of the Subgenius and X-Day that
will calm them down.
Make them less volatile and reactive.
The number to call is 216-687-3515.
And we have our first caller right now.
Well.
Hello, you're on the air.
And they hung up.
It could be Dave.
Yeah.
They hung up because they.
Whoever was hung up before, they could.
See, they can't take the full.
See, this is.
Let this be a lesson.
Fulguration of.
Let this be a lesson.
Lightning inspiration.
If you are waiting for the saucer to come and pick you up and you walk away too early,
that's it.
You're left behind.
You're like that old lady who didn't witness.
Yeah.




She hung up before she witnessed on that.
On Glenn Beck's radio.
Dave.
She's going to spend eternity in a hole.
Dave is calling.
Dave is calling.
He's calling the wrong number.
He's calling the wrong phone number.
Calling the damn wrong phone.
What's the point of this?
Somebody do something.
He's probably calling to say, I called and called and called and nobody picked it up.
If I know Dave.
Well.
Now, he still was calling the wrong number.
But.
Doesn't he.
We all surf the luck plane in different ways.
And Dave's just a little.
Yeah.
He's different.
And he's kind of special.
Bob is finished with Dave yet.
No.
Bob has more work for him.
The lesson to learn is that those who have bought their saucer tickets will be saved,
even if they dial the wrong number at first.
There will be a chance to dial the right number.
That's the thing.
Well, of course, you don't have to be with at any specific place.
You don't really have to be at Wisteria Campground where the cool people go for X day to await
the saucer.
This is how we lay in your.
This is how.
This is how you lay inside that garage apartment.
And of course, your escape vessel may, as a result, resemble that garage apartment for
eternity.
Are you that old lady who didn't witness?
See, this is how we know that the earth is actually.
Did you dial the recall Bob.
Flat.
But at the wrong number.
This is how we know the earth is not round.
Okay.
Recall them 13014.
Because we know that at 7 a.m. on July 5th, 1998, everyone will be able to look up in
the sky and see the pleasure saucers arrive.
And this is how we know.
Well, they're mighty big saucers.
You can only do that if the world is actually flat.
So this is how we know the earth is not in fact round.
But what if they have the quantum ubiquity, the ability to be in two places at once, owing
to their skill at tweaking.
I'm not going to be the host, bring that globe and do my demonstration again.
Let's say, it's Dave.
It's Dave.
Dave's here.
Hello, you're on the air.
Hello, you're on the air.
I'm sorry.
Now you're here.
I told you it was here.

You're on the air.
I told you it was Dave.
I wasn't.
Always will be Dave.
Always will be.
We are a sloth.
I remember that guy.
The guy with the third nostril that was perforated so far that the ooze would come out.
Wasn't there a lawsuit based on that?
Yeah, there was a class action secret.
Take him to court.
My third nostril opened years ago, but I've had my finger in it ever since.
Digging away.
You can pick your nose and your foot.







I've got a lot of friends.
Pick Bob, friends.
And that thing hanging, there's something hanging from your nose.
Yeah, do something about that.
It doesn't look cool.
A word to the wise.
Take care of that.
I'll just try to.
Yeah, whale sculpt.
Yeah, I found a whale sculpt.
It didn't need.
A whale stump, you say?
A waiter's stump is as good as a waitress's stump, if you're of the mind.
It takes them longer to get to the table, if there's a stump involved.
But there's more good sound effects on the way to getting your food.
I don't know.

It depends.





Well, while they're stumping over to the table, they could spill your vichyssoise.
We have the technology.
Well, at least it's cold.
At least it won't burn.
We can rebuild.
That's true.
Robocop was down to just four stumps, but look how he, well, he could do everything.
They fixed him up.
Four stumps in a bag of vichyssoise.
They can fix everybody.
Robocop versus Chappie.
You should have heard his stump speech when he was on the campaign trail.
Ed 209.
I thought he was little.
The stump jumper.
You're referring to Moose, I think.
Yeah, Moose is the Ed 209.
Moose.
He's based on Ed 209, but he's called Moose.
You know, Moose.
Moose was the Moose.
Well, you haven't even seen that movie yet, Dr. Howell.
No, I haven't.
I haven't seen Moose in the movie yet.
I've just seen Chappie.
I'm worried about him.
But you know, they're going to make him fight Moose, though.
You know that.
You do know that.
Yeah, because I've read the Cinefax article.
Moose with the chocolate pudding stuff?
You know, the movie Robocop actually taught me the word something sucker that I can't
say on the radio.
Something sucker?
Yeah, something that starts with a C.
Oh.
And I thought, well, I'm going to have to do something.
And you know, I wonder why we even use that term as an insult, because if you're sucking
my, you know what, like, I'm probably going to like you.
Well, that's the thing.
All these things, they turn loving acts into epithets.
What kind of a world do we live in when a profoundly affectionate display is?
The supremacist courts of the United Snakes have ruled that all people, whether they're
a financial or a charitable organization, can conjoin successfully if they, you know,
choose to do something.
And so, and then as a so-called consequence from that, as a consequence from that, how
in the hell can you imagine that people would have to like each other to not like each other?
Well, now it's legal to marry your dog.
On Facebook, yeah.
You can just marry a dog now.
Yeah, it's legal to like each other.
Thanks, old Bobbo.
Why don't you go marry a dog now?
You're a fool.
I'm mad.
I'm mad as hell.
I'm going to tell you anymore.
America has been destroyed.
Obama is destroyed.
America has been destroyed.
America.
I walked outside.
I went to the supermarket today and America was destroyed.
It was just totally destroyed.
People was walking around buying things, but it was destroyed.
These people exist, though, Hal.
You shouldn't pass such sound effects of dispersion, John, what Stan was saying there.
I'm only adumbrating and shading his musings with the appropriate sonic taffeta.
Yeah, but you're from San Francisco.
Yes.
And your ideas.
Your ideas of a sonic tapestry are different because you didn't think that that was really
true, what Stan was saying.
He's saying, Francisco, everybody's already married their dog.
Doesn't make a difference.
And they're such unpleasant dogs, too.
They're horrible little things with wet fur.
They look more like rats and tube tops with wet nose and wet fur around the mouth and
the eyes and just hideous little quivering, yapping things.
But the marriage is legal.
If he can marry just anybody.
Why?
Who's to just stop people from saying, well, I'm just going to get married for 24 hours.
Oh, I'm going to marry my wallet.
I'm going to marry.
I'm just going to get married under Bob.
Isn't that what we do?
Conjoined with this little puppy dog and my wallet and my fishbowl and that girl over
there and all them boys.
And in the church of the subgenius.
And it won't be a sin because Bob says it's okay.
Because in the Supreme Court and Bobbo says it's okay.
Yes, that's for the people.
Might as well burn my flag and wipe my crevice with it.
That's all right, pops.
You go out and you do that.
And we're going to do this show.
America, America, love it or leave it.
I'm leaving.
See, for those.
I don't love it anymore.
I'm going to leave.
Don't you feel like eating Brazilian fare in a secret garden?
If they legalize that queer stuff, I'm going to burn myself up on fire.
I promise.
I swear.
For you regular listeners who are not quite as.
You've got some blistering on your arm going on there right now.
I think it's from the large antropodal beast.
Burn some gasoline.
I'm going to burn myself up in protest against you.
Because men can marry men and women marry women.
Dogs marry dogs.
Dogs marry cats.
That's what's coming next.
Dogs marrying cats.
Dogs and cats living together.
Cats marrying mice.
That's the nanny.
For those of you who don't know, dogs marry bowling balls.
That's what this world has come to.
Thanks, Obama.
The nanny McPhee.
For you regular listeners who are not quite as familiar.
With a chicken.
Yes, that's what you could eat it and drive it at the same time.
You don't want him to put that spider on you.
Here's what I need to remind listeners of.
Yeah, I see that.
There's a civil war coming.
We need to take a moment here to remind the listeners.
What you looking for?
Iraq news, right?
Something like that?
We need to take a moment here to remind the listeners.
This is when you have to fade Dave down.
Yeah, this is where we need to take a moment to remind the listeners.
This is us.
This is us.
This is us.
I'm going to sin.
You know, I'll get the hint.
Views and opinions expressed on this program are not necessarily those of WCSB or Cleveland State University.
And for those of you who are less familiar with Bob Dobbs, you need to get right with him.
First of all, here's the thing.
All right.
If you're looking for forgiveness of sin, you're looking in the wrong place.
Okay.
Bob is not here to forgive your sins.
Bob is here to justify them.
And that, that, my friends, is what we're all looking for.
If you have a number you can call.
If you want to ask a few questions.
Or just contribute to the overall insanity that this program is.
Kill them all.
Let Bob sort them out.
That's what I say.
You see, Bob wants to justify your grins.
Isn't that right?
Your grins.
Your lust for grins.
We have a new caller here.
I'm very concerned about the end of the world.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Okay, you're concerned.
We have a new caller here.
Let's let this out.
A new caller?
Yes, we have a new caller here.
Let's let this out.
He's concerned about the end of the world.
Can everybody just shut up for a second?
Concerned.
New caller.
New person.
Okay, new caller.
Go ahead.
I'm pretty concerned.
I'm pretty concerned.
About the end of the world.
About the end of the world.
Yes.
Well, I'm also concerned.
Well, what are your concerns?
You know, it just, like, bothers me.
This show is concerned with the end of the world.
Why should it be?
Well, it's the end of their world, not the end of our world.
Well, you know, I tried lighting a couple of pastors on fire, and I got arrested.
Oh.
Well, you have to be aware that, you know, if you take the course of action,
you're going to be arrested.
Sometimes you're going to run into a few hemorrhoids, if you know what I'm saying.
Now, wait a minute.
You set some pastors on fire?
Yes, well, he needs it.
Not pastors.
Pastors?
He needs a big ball.
Men of the cloth?
No, no, they were pastors.
Obviously, they were not wearing as best for...
They were fields.
He set green pastures.
Fields and haycocks dry.
Yes, he set them all aflame to show his difference, to shout his barbaric yawn.
But now he's a little bit worried.
About that oncoming end of the world.
He's concerned.
He's concerned.
I'm concerned.
You know, it's nothing to take lightly.
At least he understands that he had to do a lot of work to create that fire,
especially in the weather we've been having lately in a pasture.
He used an accelerant.
He had to have all kinds of incendiary devices and what do they call those?
Starter uppers or accelerants.
And he gets a limited edition t-shirt also.
I got the accelerant.
While supplies last.
And the accelerant is good for starting small fires, which can give way to larger conflagrations.
Forest fires in America's national forests.
I like the fact that the route was so good, you know, because of the global warming.
You know, that was fun.
Well, this is just the end.
These are the signs of the end times.
Even in the Christian Bible, it said,
you know,
you don't need to worry about another flood, but the fire age is coming.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm looking for the horsemen, too.
Yes, the four horsemench of the apocalypse.
My little pony, my little phony, my little bony, and my little moany.
Well, actually,
The four horsemen are all bronies.
a form of extalibration.
The universe, as we commonly call it, is grating down by nickels and dimes into short little fuses
and misoperating the entire universe.

And the universe is in the middle of a fire operation on its way down.
But the main thing to remember, it's a kind of negative, negative, negative entropy.
It's like a double negative, but it's still a form of entropy.
And don't you ever dare forget it, or you'll be flagellated by tired chimpanzees who are
braiding their hairs with monkeys.
A negative times a negative is a positive.
And you see there, it's cheating.
It's sucking off some energy source.
It's taking away.
Some secret source of power.
Go ahead and say it.
It's satanic black magic.
All right.
Let's just acknowledge that.
After all, is anyone really shocked by that anymore?
Okay, we are evil.
It is satanic black magic.
But, you know, it no longer means what it once did.
And besides, let's remember, everyone who criticizes things like that is on the other side.
Everything you read about, about how these satanic ritual child sacrifices are not good,

are bad, you know, it's written by someone who opposes them.
Yeah, the children.
Of course they're going to hate being sacrificed.
But think of the satanists themselves.
They never know what's good for them.
That's why they're children.
They're not just children.
I mean, they use children.
Children just work better.
They have more energy.
They have those tiny hands that can reach into those spaces that grownups can't.
That's right.
And we might as well be a little bit realistic about this.
All tool makers are based upon that concept.
And I think that's the problem with society.
You don't have to give them workers' comp either when they get a boo-boo?
No, just give them some hot dog and they'll do anything.
Or a little Batman band-aid.
Now, this isn't a mandate, you understand.
But we do suggest that there is such a thing as a band-aid for life's problems.
Band-aid.
Yes.
Yeah, now you can date men.
A mandate.
It's a man dating men.
That's okay now.
Yes.
He can't help it.
He can't help it.
It's been since last week that he's been confused about all this transgender stuff.
And now he's finally popped his weasel.
He's like a...
Oh, now you can pop your weasel right in front of the supermarket.
Right in front of everybody.
Right on radio.
Yeah.
Now your gay lover can get Obamacare with you.
Right.
Obamacare, too.
What are you going to do about that?
You mean like smoking a pipe is just smoking a pipe?
Sorry, smoking is not permitted in the new world.
Well, that's a good point.





But why did this guy set a pasture on fire and assume that things have been real bad
so therefore he should join the Church of the Subgenius or he should stay away for next
day or I still don't understand the premise that we're trying to discon...
Do not light the pastures on fire, okay?
Leave that to the saucers, okay?
Yeah, the saucers will take care of that.
The exhaust from the saucers are going to burn all the pastures for you.
That's right.
Yeah, go burn your flag instead.
Leave it to the professionals.
Leave it to the professionals and...
Don't burn anything.
Don't smoke anything.

Don't smoke anything, okay?
Don't do this, Kevin.
The time has come...
I smoked my cannibals on the last one.
The time has come for us to jump into Bob's pipe and let him smoke us.
He said he smoked like a cannibal on the last one.
Don't look in the basement.
Don't go into the woods.
Don't answer the phone.
And let's scare Jessica today.
And certainly don't call us up at 216-687-3515.
That would be like a one-man Burning Man festival.
Yeah, the Larry Harvey does it by himself festival.
Yeah.
Where he has to drag that thing out there all by himself and light it and stand there
by himself.
You know, Larry and I have a lot in common, Larry Harvey and I do.
I finally met him that last time I was in San Francisco at that big hipster party.
He walked up and...
What was her name?
The Hempstress introduced us.
Sonia.
I mean, the Holy Hempstress.
We have a new caller here.
New caller?
Yes.
I could have shared some really crazy gossip, but that moment's gone.
No.
Well, I would have liked to hear it too, but instead we have to listen to some tweedly caller.
Hey, how come it's not going to the moon?
I'm sorry, what was that?
That's the government, don't worry.
All right.
Keep your government hands off my Obamacare.
I think maybe one more blast.
A blast, eh?
No.
Fashions by Bill Blast.
I guess that's it.
Bill lost the race last Tuesday.
Are you suggesting the anal vapors of Bob?
Now somebody's talking.
Banged up.
And smell my anal vapors.
That got my attention.
I wouldn't do that.
Your face is my toilet paper.
I had not heard that one before.
That's a Mentor's lyric.
Oh, okay.
I'm glad you told me, because I'd be copying him and not know I was doing it.
I think I was just copying you, see?
I know a guy who grew up in Mentor once.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I didn't understand what he was talking about.
I knew a guy who grew up in Mentor three times.









Mentor?
I hardly know her.
That's tricky.
Yak, yak, yak.
That's where the end times are going to occur.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's see the color of your money here.
Just put it down on the table.
You meant her.
You brought her.
That's a species learning curve.
I've never heard one.
Obviously, he has all the signs of flatulence, miscreants, any kind of other derogatory
denotation.
Diffuse is the word miscreants every single time.












I think you fixed the picture.
I think you should go to another or fresh.
He's special, man.
Whatever happens to the Smurfs?
The Smurfs?
Well, there was only one female, and when she died, that was the end of the line.
The Smurfette was supposed to bear...
They were all slowly suffocating.
That's why they were blue.
I think they were anally ambiguous.
No, she was the only female.
There was Papa Smurf, but only one Smurfette.
You see?
It's like an insect colony, where the females are responsible for eggs and reproductions,
and the males are just tireless toilers.
You ever seen a Smurf egg?
Perhaps they were incubating.
I have not.
Gargamel, in his wisdom, made them that way.
I like him over medium myself.
The great God Gargamel, who is actually, to us, is just a mad scientist.
Wait a minute.
You're saying Gargamel created the Smurfs?
Yeah, Gargamel created the Smurfs.
They were homunculi.
No wonder he's got it down on him.
They were little blue hens.
They were little, small, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little.
They were homunculi, just like so many of the guys in the Middle Ages, the alchemists and so forth.
They're called Schrumphs.
Schrumphs?
Do the Smurfs still go to Burning Man?
Probably.
I can't be everywhere in Burning Man.
I don't know if you went once.
Did this owl happen to remember the etymology of the, you ever heard of the Schmooze?
I think they were a flavoring company.
Of course I know the Schmooze.
I know the Schmooze.
Isn't that similar more in time?
I've heard of a Schmooze before too.
No.
They came from the mountains of the schmoon.
And they invaded Dogpatch, USA.
Yes.
But they were benevolent invaders.
They want you to eat them.
They want you to fry them up.
And they can...
No, not the shrooms.
Well, the shrooms, the schmoos like the shrooms.
But you didn't want to eat a shmoo while he was on shrooms.
Because it would like triple the effect.
So that was like one of those cultural secret things?
Like the subliminal...
At one time, everybody in America knew about this.
Everybody?
And they would argue about it over the breakfast table.
Actually, in that movie Slackers, there is a little rant about Smurfs
that is stolen from an old essay that I wrote.
And it's a dues-paying subgenius cop in the rant and saying it in that movie.
I just...
I just wanted to make sure everyone knew that.
Yes, because...
That when you see that movie and they're talking about the Smurfs and it sounds so clever,
I wrote that for some magazine for 25 bucks.
And at the end of the essay...
150 years ago.
At the end of the essay, Reverend Stang says that it's your duty to put your shoe down
and squash every squealing Smurf that you encounter.
Well, if I said that, then you better pick up on it.
It's called capitalism, my friend.
Don't you remember how your own essay ends?
It's called capitalism.
You squish the Smurfs.
Are you kidding?
I don't read that stuff again.
You say...
I saw the movie.
That you're supposed to squash every squealing Smurf with your shoe.
Yeah, that sounds good.
I used to be...
I used to say good things like that.
Poor Stang, in his dotage, can't even remember the finest productions of his flaming youth.
I was like 26 when I wrote that.
Actually, I'm 112 now.
Now you have to live with it.
Well, that is in dog years.
Taking small...
The quantities of turpentine is said to make your piss smell like flowers.
Well, that'll kill you.
And then you can be under the flowers.
It's destructive.
Well, turpentine has been proven to be a motivator when applied on the anus.
But you're not on a quest to give 100 free skateboards to Slavic village kids.
So, apparently, you're simply not...
The turpentine color Smurfs to that particular blue.
Yes, the blue is a cyanide.
It's a cyanotic color from an unfortunate oxygen deprivation.
I really did see some people painted all blue as Smurfs at Burning Man.
Yes, you saw them sometimes.
You still see them, yes.
So, they really weren't there.
I wasn't hallucinating.
Including more than one female Smurf, but only at Burning Man.
He was a busy girl.
Right.
Smurfette.
Smurfette.
Oh, yeah.
That was a long time.
Just think of it in religious terms.
Like, Krista being blue and stuff because, like what Hal said, of lack of oxygenation.
And that would mean that since he wasn't breathing hard enough, that's why the world imploded.
There you know.
It's perfect.
Smurfette.
Smurfette.
He watches too much TV.
It is important to remember, we are speaking of devotional procedures here.
We are a religion.
And we want to tell you the precious and proper way.
To ordain and orient yourself.
So that your transition in the moments of apocalypse that are onrushing upon us will be as painless as possible.
And you may even get to come along with us if even at this last latter day moment you perform the needed ritual.
We can't tell you what it is on the radio.
You have to have been paying attention better than a lot of these clowns.
But if you have, then you shall be saved also.
You shall be washed as white as snow.
By all the virgin martyrs kissed.
You understand that the Smurfs interbred to become the Teletubbies.
Why?
I'm casting for air right now.
Yes, but then they created sexless sports like Tinky Winky.
That was in the Bible.
Capable of reproduction.
Turn back.
Reproduction.
And capable of even fishing.
Sexual budding.
Which so far.
So many creatures in our galaxy employ to perpetuate themselves.
In our culture, the land version.
Yes, as they say on Fomalhaut.
In budding time, in budding time.
Sweet, delightful budding.
What's the matter?
Whoa.
Were the Smurfs dyed with woad?
Oh yes, woad.
Most important.
That's it.
I can hardly understand.
I thought you were talking about Oaxaca and the great green.
No, woad.
You rub it on yourself.
First it's blue.
It's the Braveheart look.
Bring back White Castle.
Goodbye.
Watch the use of wearing braces, pants and hats and shoes with laces.
The easy things he buys in places down in Brompton Road.
Watch the use of shirts or cotton studs that always gets forgotten.
These affairs are simply rotten.
Better far is woad.
I told him not to give him that beer.
Woads the stuff to show men.
Woad to scare your foemen.
Boil it to a simply brilliant hue and rub it on your back and your abdomen.
Listen to him go.
One's too many and millions not enough.
Tramp up Snowdon with your woad on.
Never mind if you've a heavy load on.
And when the woad creates the woad, that's the woad that we all travel on.
You shan't have a heavy load on.
Go it, ancient peace.
I have a stopwatch here and I notice we've been sticking on the word woad.
Romans came across the China all decked out in tin and flannel.
Half a pint of woad per mannel clotheth us more than thee.
Romans keep your armours.
Saxons your pyjamas.
Hairy coats were made for goats.
Gorillas, yaks and tree for dogs and larmours.
Ancient Britons never hit on anything as good as woad to fit on.
Tis the best in all great Briton.
Sailors, you'll be blowed.
Well, when the band begins to bop, that's a stopwatch for the fog man.
Don't give him any more.
And the band begins to play.
Hey, what's going on?
Get your hands off me.
I'm fine.
Leave me alone.
I'm doing great.
Sky of blue.
Cut it out.
Sea of green.
Whew.
I am glad that's not just me.
Yeah, you see it too, huh?
Got another caller here.
216-687-3515.
All right.
I'll take on your caller.
Come here.
Let me have him.
They always say, you know what?







He hung up.
He hung up.
Well, that's really too bad.
Do they call you up to insult you and hang up, or why do they do that?
Oh, geez.
Ow.
Cut it out.
How can he insult you?
All right.
It's kind of hard to insult me in ways I haven't insulted myself already.
We're all friends here.
Come now.
I've been insulting myself many times this night.
Let us reason together.
You can insult me, or you can just let me do the show.
Self abuse is nothing to Brian.
I mean, you might as well.
I mean, what's the point of insulting me?
You're a fucking idiot.
You might as well just say the sun rises in the east.
It does rise in the east.
Yeah, but what's the point of saying that?
You have read the notes.
We already know this.
You did get with the program.
Hello, you're on the air.
It passed through all the departments' heads.
But that M-O-578.
Hold on.
New caller here.
You're on the air?
I'm on the air.
Hello.
You're on the air.
Hello.
Magellan, how'd the Kean landers make it tall?
Yes, Magellan.
The Magellan lander.
The E.
The, uh, special device?
No, the guy that did, like, sail the seven seas.
Oh, the Magellan lander.
Oh, you're a regular Magellan.
He didn't quite make it.
Exactly.
Ferd-nand.
And that's the one that blew it up again.
The Magellan lander.
Are you right?
The guy that's about to make big red bugs.
And between these.
They're the ones with the flagellum, you say?
And the Magellan lander was a special probe.
But that Tesla-like other probes that were emitted from the sphincter of this planet.
I think that's what they were.




The Magellan probes probe Magella.
Planet sphincters have not been proven.
It's not a fact.
Did Magellan have flagella?
What about documentary, huh?
What about documentary, huh?
Well, um.
No, that's a black hole.
That's not a planet sphincter.
We've all got celia.
Speak for yourself.
Aren't, aren't celia a kind of flagellum?
I believe they are.
Well, then we all do have flagelli.
How about that?
And you know what?
You've got them on your villi, also.
I don't need flagellum.




You've got flagelli on your villi.
So shut up and leave me alone.
But what is the Magellan monologue?
Sail on, sail on, and on and on.
A long, long list of cracked people.
People who are just totally, completely, disjunctively out of focus.
Cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs.
And how can that with the rest of society?
Thanks for the note.
You're saying that these people are sort of bat fumet, cuckoo.

Crazy.
Is that what you're saying?
Fumet.
I have not heard that word in a very long time.
Well, we're trying to be suitable for airplay here.
But I've experienced this criticism.
They simply claim that all we do can be boiled down to a reductive theory of our psychological
instability.
Well, if it were that easy to dismiss, we would have taken our toys and gone home a
long time ago.
No, you have to do more to discourage a subgenius.

That's what a pilot is, a Smurf.
I mean, that's on, you can't even argue that.
You need some little figure.
It might as well be a Smurf.
It has to be an Eidolon that represents yourself, because it's just too terrifying to picture
yourself going through these adventures.
And so you teleport a little Smurf in there to your mental state.
Smurfs don't get terrified.
Mm-hmm.
I think that's what he's doing, Doctor.
I think that's what he's doing, Doctor.
You see, the Smurfs are not any way.
There's no certification.
They're not the way, Alizon.
They are all Eiron.
Unless you count.
They are all the encounterers and protagonists.
They are not those who they react against.
That falls to the unhappy lot of Gargamel, who walks in his garden and regrets the creation
of the Smurfs.
Gargamel's overrated.
Gargamel is a hipster.
He's all that lies between you and a tidal wave of smothering Smurfs.
Oh, yeah, bring them on.
Yes, that's right.
You're talking.
We can badmouth Gargamel, but somebody's got to be there doing that job.
I want to crawl across a landscape of dead Smurfs on my elbow.
To give Gargamel a cigar.
Wearing a Confederate flag the whole time.
That's what I'm going to do because they go out, and I'm going to wear it on my face.
All right.
Now, look what you've done.
You've got stars and bars on Stang's face.
I hope you're happy.
Oh, he hung up.
There's that.
I'm going to get them stars and bars tattooed on my nose.
How big are they?
How are they going to like that?
It's like writing the Bible on the head of a pin.
Or is it for a pinhead?
I can't remember.
Okay, well, let's figure it out.
But now they're calling thick and fast.
I think Elvis is still with us.
Elvis you're now talking about?
What is this, Publisher's Clearinghouse?
I visited Memphis once.
I saw his house.
Oh, well, so did Lies.
He went there.
And while he was in Elvis's house, he heard someone say,
Elvis is the next door flushing the toilet.
You know, Elvis's house is not surrounded by a spacious pile.
Elvis is an anagram.
Elvis is an anagram for lives.
Don't lie to us.
Elvis is an anagram for?
For lives.
Lives, ah, yeah.
Not dead, but liveth.
The sign said Elvis slept here.
You can argue with that.
Or the slide.
You can go to some lunatic's house and look at stuff in velvet paint.
That's why he's so alive, because he lives.
Elvis schlepped here.
As a matter of fact, in the 19th century,
in the 1983 book of the subgenius,
it states quite clearly that J.R. Bob Dobbs got Elvis a new life
as a taxi driver in Argentina.
So none of this is news.
This is old, old, old, painfully cliched news to a subgenius.
Yes, the subs have heard all the news.
...Tierra del Fuego, just like I'm going to do someday.
Kodiak.
Land of Fire.
It wasn't that old.
The ironically named Land of Fire.
Yes, well.
Elvis and John Fitzgerald Kennedy are both taxi, were both taxi drivers in Argentina,
and they're both dead of natural causes now.
So you can quit with your Elvis, Pobucker, Kennedy jokes.
That's so, we did that for 20 years starting in 19...
On the other hand, Mr. Natural was a cab driver in Afghanistan.
They made copies of him is what happened.
They made copies of him.
No, no, no, it's a miracle.
It's a trial.
It's all that way.
God, who performs all the weddings in Las Vegas?
Those are the Elvis clones.
Yes, they are Elvi.
Well done, too.
Very, very...
I think it would be Elvies.
...down to the left.
They...
The best day's wedding...
Or Elvis's.
I wonder what would be the point.
The Elvis's.
...the white, not the boys.
That sounds like something out of Lord of the Rings.
It's just like the name Avery.
Its roots are in the word Elfish or Elvish.
Mm-hmm, see?
Lord of the Rings.
I told you, it always comes back to that.
Avery?
Well, it's...
Comets are Satan.
Yes, Avery comes from Anglo-Saxon, Aelfric, meaning friend of elves.
And Elvis is far closer to this cognate root.
Oh, yeah.
Yes, of course, you didn't think they were human, did you?
No, they're of the Djinn.
I've never heard of them.
They're of the generations of Lilith.
Now, you can recognize these changing spirits.
These infrared humans.
For one thing, they just don't have earlobes.
They have little pointed ears, like Reverend Baby Bear.
And in addition, they also have slanted eyes that seem to be looking at you slant and dickularly.
And mocking your human preoccupations.
That sounds kind of like Baby Bear, too.
Yes, oh, she's definitely one of them.
...not in years when Elvis has died.
And we spend all our time mooning after Elvis.
And others who are long gone, when in our midst are those who can easily replace them.
And they have little stubby tails, like Baby Bear, too.
And who are already long gone is Joan of Armitch.
They can summon flocks of vultures.
Oh, they plan on Calvary, see.
Yes, that's right.
...the kind of a citizen.
But are you talking about the Arby's Stubs?
Yes.
No, Fidel Castro.
He was the first promigatal of the Oriental Arc.
The man is still alive.
Oh, not like Charles Manson, anyway.
Not, you know, without ladies' lingerie or something.
Hmm.
I, uh, I'm talking about Fidel, you know, and not, uh, Charlie Manson.
I, uh, don't see that they belong in the same breath and, uh, much worse than neither are a subgenius.
I read today that Ted Cruz's dad tried to join Fidel Castro's revolutionaries, and they wouldn't, they wouldn't take him.
No, it was, uh, 4F.
He was, yep, 4F, rejected.
The problem was, was that the Bay of Pigs was...

...the Bay of Pigs was actually invaded by pigs.
Yeah, it was...
That's right, it was pig man.
...and just...
...pigs earlier with...
Pig man led the invasion.
...unlimited.
And then, then, you know, how can you depend on the pigs?
Well, you can't.
That's the problem there.
I think you can't make bacon out of it...
...and other tasty, uh, products like pulled pork sandwiches and stuff like that.
I think that's what people need to do right now...
Exactly.

Now, pull the pork over your own eyes.
...and take the dirt...
Have you ever seen a bunch of cops swimming over an ocean?
There's no Bay of Pigs.
It was a, it was a fallacy.
It was just like a landing on the moon.
It didn't happen.
I got an email from pig man.
It was staged.
Yeah, what about that?
Pig man writes all the time.
I got an email from pig man.
Constantly.
Wow.
We hear from pig man.
I got, I got a call from him a few weeks ago.
Oh.
Yeah, he said...
Yeah, he, he said complimentary things to, to us on Facebook.
Wow.
Yeah.
Sure.
Pigs are, are benign.
Well, he claimed to be pig man.
I don't know if he's really a pig man.
No, of course...
I couldn't hear him, so I couldn't tell if it was really pig man.
Of course, in prehistoric times, there were terrifying giant pigs, which, uh, you wouldn't
have wanted to, to meet at any time, but these have died out.
Let's be honest.
Like the diadon.
Can you imagine a bay full of them?
Do you think they died out, or do you think that maybe the early humans, uh, made bacon
out of them?
Well, out of some of these...
Or just gave them diseases or something, you know.
They were like giant flesh-eating boars as large as bears.
Oh, you mean like the hosts of the show?
Well, that was...
Giant flesh-eating boars.
By the way, folks, it is, uh, it is...
I'm sorry.
It is time for us to pause for, uh, for station identification here, actually, here.
Yes, it certainly is.
So, uh, why don't, uh, we let pig man himself do it for us?
You listen to the 50,000 pound monster in my pants.
WCSB.
Cleveland.
That's right.
That's the real pig man.
That's the real pig man.
Pigo, pigara, squealy, gruntum.
And, uh, yeah...
I'll get that corporatism out of the way.
Okay, uh...
Corporatism, right.
We're, we're so corporate, it hurts.
I'm sorry.








How do we represent corporatism?
That, that hurts my iron, man, just to think of, of the very thought that the person would
pick up the phone and call here and then accuse everyone hence of corporate deviance.
I'm a hog for you, baby.
Can't get enough of your love.
Well, you try and explain your problems, the things that are bothering you...
When I go to sleep at night, that's the only thing I'm dreaming of.
Bob has never been opposed to corporatism.
Bob has never been opposed to corporatism.













I'm sorry.
I'm your host, Dr. Sinister.
With me in the studio, we have our special guests here, Dr. Holland Owl, Princess Wee
Ardo, and Reverend Ivan Stang.
He got into my breeches once more.
I might hear, too.
And we also have Lonesome Cowboy Dave, the inimitable...
It is so.
We have we.
We have we.
Wee, wee, wee, on the way home.
And it's been such a tiramisu of a show, so many layers of...
That's true.
Yeah, I can't understand any of it.
Well, it's, uh...
Very easy.
Just turn your script back a few pages and take it from the top of page 38...
I thought the script was upside down.
No wonder I couldn't hear it.
Well, that's the thing.
You've got to look at it.
Of course, you can always wing it if you're just inspired.
Try putting your glasses on.
Sometimes you can hear better that way.
My glasses.
Oh, I can't see a thing without my glasses.
I can hear a thing without my glasses.
Yeah, they, uh...
That's anesthesia for you.
Yes, it is.
Well, those glasses are pure...
A very poor excuse for real...
Oh, my God.
...kind of goggles we need in the new century if we're gonna get off this planet.
You know who had synesthesia, right?
...kind of goggles and not only see the future in the past year...
Many of the old-time greats.
...Coloridge certainly did.
...gobbles again.
Really?
Coloridge had, uh, synesthesia?
He definitely did, and he often, in his poems, praises the stars for not making noise and...
Like that when...
You know, or icicles for not making noise for a change.
...if you want.
And normally, he hears all these sounds associated with their sights.
Well, a woman has synesthesia.
He also has some pretty good opium, doesn't he?
Well, he had to...
He had to take that for some other complications.
...right, or that was Coleridge, or...
That was Coleridge.
...Matchmas?
It was Coleridge.
Well, I was just...
I was just wondering if Dave was discussing glandular globulation.
Oh, good Lord.
Oh, I could discuss it freely for hours.
More glad-gland-handing.
Yeah.
But what a way to say goodbye to the universe, we put it that way.
Glandular globularization.
What the hell is it anyway?
The universe is just a great big smiling face, laughing and a giggling way out in outer space.
Yeah, thanks a lot, Tim Leary.
Okay, all right, all right.
Let's get back down to solid Portland cement brick reality level.
Now, real life is gritty and uncomfortable, and there's a good reason.
I'm not even on electricity.
And he giggled a lot.
Not throughout the entire lecture.
Who?
Tim Leary?
Ferro-whale oil is what we should go back to.
Yes, and we're going to have to.
Ferro-whale oil?
Exactly.
I'm going to ask the Republican Presidency to-
Forget told.
Don't be Republican on me.
Right.
Right.
The Republican Presidency is absolutely theocratic, because I know that to be true, by the way-
Well, that's because you're a newspaper reporter for the Marylode Morning Mungpie.
And as the columnist in the book, I guess, I think you're saying that you're auyoric



Man, I'd just like to tell all you kids out there,
please don't bring those big funguses into Dr. Meanypenny's office anymore
because he's getting sick.
Too late.
He's getting sicker and sicker every day.
Boys, raise giant mushrooms in your cellar.
To bake a pie, you must leave it on a ledge for two hours.
We left it in the oven, see?
It's kind of cooking itself while we're cooking.
Well, you know, if you're really interested in fungi,
you could come to the Starwood Festival
and listen to Eat More Toadstools talk about fungi.
And what a fun guy he is.
He is a fun guy.
He's Radagast the Ridiculous.
You know what I always thought would be a great name for a hippie jam band
would be 4 and 20 Blackbirds.
Yeah, baked until they cry.
Winnipeg was open.
When the burst began to sing, wasn't that a Danish dish to 2x4 the king?
Canadian cities, I'm counting.
We were in a malady shoot, I know.
4 and 20.
Sing a song of sixpence, a pocket full of rye.
You know, I heard he was a real oddball.
Who was?
Winnipeg is more of a village.
Homer, the blind bard and seer?
The blind bard, yes, of ancient Greece.
The blind jaundiced bard of the Sympathians.
He had to be led around by a little child.
A little child led him by the hand.
That wasn't his hand.
That had nothing to do with the harpies or the earcrash.
He didn't have harpies.
Oh, I see what you mean.
Well, uh...
I wondered why a patch of skin on my arm turned yellow.
I cast a jaundice delay at this whole affair.
Uh, some people said,
I must have bruised it.
I don't know why.
A portion of one's flesh should turn yellow.
If you don't bruise it, you lose it.
God appears, and God is light
to those who dwell in realms of night.
Uh, hello, am I on?
Okay, let's go over that again.
You say you saw some sort of monster.
I swear to God, I wasn't drunk.
I seen it.
Well, you know, I'm sure you thought you saw
what you said you saw, but, you know,
uh, today, we've put a man on the moon.
I mean, there just aren't any monsters anymore.
The human mind is a strange thing.
It can play a strange trick.
What about the vampire squid?
That is distressingly real.
Yeah, what about that vampire?
Vampyro toothus.
No one was meant to see that thing.
Infernalis.
Yes, the vampire blood-sucking squid
of the infernal regions.
Hanna-Barbera tried to propagandize it
with their squidly-diddly cartoons.
But they didn't fool anyone.
And, uh, in addition to that,
there's not only the giant squid down there,
but now there's the colossal squid.
The kraken.
Even larger, with a more bloated bulk.
Well, the kraken was, uh,
was larger still,
according to Bishop Ponto-Pidan,
who wrote of it in his, uh,
uh,
work on sea monsters.
And Gesner also,
in his Historia Gentibus Anima,
the volume,
describes how this huge beast
rises up through the ocean,
wraps its tentacules around a passing ship,
and pulls the whole megilla down under the water.
And the fishermen know that when he, the kraken, is rising,
then the fishing is good,
because he's displacing them all toward the top of the water.
But he can get a little too close,
if you catch my meaning,
and I think you do.
Then there are other sea-eye monsters.
What's that monster that's so big that he looks like an island?
Well, there are several.
There is, of course, the Phastotokalon,
the giant, uh, turtle, reported by all authorities.
But then it was said of some of the larger species of
pficeter, or spouting monster,
that they too resembled an island.
Milton, in Paradise Lost, writes of the Leviathan,
which God, of all his works,
created hugest that swim the ocean's stream.
Him happily slumbering on the Norway foam,
the pilot of some small night-foundered skiff,
deeming some island oft as seaman tell,
with fixed anchor in his scaly rind,
moors by his side under the lee,
while night invests the sea and wish-it-morn delays.
Wow.
For those of you who are, uh,
wishing to get some answers to life's persistent questions,
here, we'll now have a viewer from the Vistinia Skis,
Novita, 15 is the number to call.
Hello, you're on the air.
I guess the study of sea monsters can be a profitable one,
and, uh, actually illuminates one of the major scientific controversies of our time.
Hello, you're on the air for the last edition of Synesthesia Ever,
because the saucers are coming next week.
Well, um, I have another controversial question
for your, uh, subgeni, uh, guest.
Oh, yeah.
All right, uh, hold on.
Let's hear it.
The doctors are in the house, man.
Shout-out.
Okay, so...
And ready to operate without warning.
So, we have, uh, been, uh, informed that, uh,
this conspiracy has messed with the calendar, so, um...
Yes.
You know, we can't be sure, uh,
if this July 5th is gonna be THE July 5th.
I'm just wondering, um, how do we know what, uh,
calendar system Bob was using when he, uh, made his prediction?
I mean, there's so many different calendars that people don't know anything about,
I mean, or, uh, there are only obscure uses.
Um, how do we know that Bob was using some sort of, um,
obscure or maybe even extraterrestrial calendar system
that, uh, is unknown to anyone but Bob himself?
Referring to...
I guess we don't.
...year 8,661?
The...
When the saucers come, you can zero your, uh, timer right then.
Yeah, then you can set your watch and your calendar and everything.
Right now, it's, there's pointless, it's pointless to twiddle that dial.
Look, we don't really even know what planet this is.
How do you know this is Earth?
Sure, they call it Earth.
Have you, are you sure it's the third one from the Sun?
Has it always been the third one from the Sun?
Does it matter?
And what about Vulcan?
How, how do we not know that every morning we wake up,
it's the same, like, tunnel under the world?
It's the same, same thing.
It's like, we've got these...
They were asking that in caves.
...the ground hollows.
Ancient Greece, come on.
Well, that's a logical fallacy, though.
What if every time we say it, it just shatters?
Because, you see, it's impossible that we could evolve differently
than to apprehend our immediate environment.
So any philosophical sophistry about,
oh, well, we can never tell what's really there, is quite wrong.
That's the one thing that we can do,
because otherwise, we'd be dead.
Dead, dead.
And furthermore, okay, if you want to argue that we can never know anything at all,
then why have any discussions about anything at all, ever?
Yeah, stop wasting my time.
Shut up.
If you're going to tell me that I can't know anything at all,
why, I kind of resemble that remark.
I think it's ridiculous to assume that we know what we thought we already knew,
that we didn't know, that we didn't, just what you just said.
Oh, yes, friends, and we have been listening to the Hour of Slack,
but really, it's been Radio Synesthesia
from about three weeks ago, just before X Day,
taken from Dr. Sinister's show on WCSB Cleveland.
We'll be back to normal Hours of Slack whenever Hour of Slack becomes normal.
In the meantime, you can check out subgenius.com
or simply praise Bob.
Thank you.
