Well, maybe Pete Therese learned something and came back to tell us who it was amongst us we had to look out for.
I know who it is! I know who the monster is!
Who is it, Charlie? Tell us!
I know who it is that doesn't belong among us!
What are you waiting for? Come on!
I swear I know who it is!
Well, come on, Charlie! Come on!
Tell us! It's...
The Snake!
Understand the procedure now. Sit back and watch the pattern.
And this pattern is always the same?
With few variations. They pick the most dangerous enemy they can find.
And it's...
The Self-Genius!
Power of...
Swatch!
And I take it this is not unique?
By no means.
Their world is full of...
Power of...
Swatch!
And we'll...
We'll go from one to the other and destroy their radios.
One to the other.
One to the other.
One to the other.
Man, that has got to be one of the greatest intros for Hour of Slack by Fernand and Andy Lemur ever!
And he's done hundreds of those.
You might look at...
Archive.com
Well, friends, we're doing it just like last show, again.
All new, but all pre-recorded from other people's shows.
With puzzling evidence, Dr. Drummond and Dr. Howell coming later.
But first, it's part two of four from the podcast called...
My Family Thinks I'm Crazy.
And I had a lot of fun with the young weirdos hosting it.
This part starts with me talking about first taking on Jesus in 1990.
In 1994, as business manager of the Church of the Subgenius.
The internet welcomed us with open arms.
And about that time, I got a young partner, Jesus.
Not Jesus from the Bible, but he looks like Jesus.
He is painted with long blonde hair, white man.
You know, he really looked the part.
I started calling him Jesus.
Jesus for a partner.
And he got us on using credit cards.
and modernized everything a whole lot.
Then because of photographs that he and his wife put online,
there was a child custody case where his wife's ex-husband got the child
because of Church of the Subgenius.
This judge just didn't get it.
And their pictures were pretty bad.
He was reenacting the Stations of the Cross at one X-Day drill.
These were campouts that we had.
We have them at usually clothing optional campgrounds
that are normally used by pagans.
In fact, in 1990, I was invited to the biggest pagan festival in the Northeast
called Starwood Festival.
I thought they were going to ambush me
because I'd been making fun of all that woo-woo for my career.
What part of the Northeast?
They knew how to party.
And long story short, I was back at Starwood
as sort of the mascot skeptic and other religious nut
preaching about Bob.
They loved that stuff.
And I ended up, my second wife I met there,
and then she ended up running the festival.
And I was there several years.
I helped.
So I ended up married into the pagan community.
It's very strange.
I got to know quite a few of the people I'd made fun of in a book,
an early book that's out of print now called High Weirdness by Mail,
where we explained all the other cults you could join,
or at least get free mailings from them.
You know, just send this form letter to these weird addresses
and you'll get something back.
And it's a great hobby.
It was how we started, actually.
The reason we started was because we were so excited.
We were so excited.
And the reason I met Philo besides his Yellow Page ad
was that he collected kook pamphlets.
And he was into comic books.
And he liked Captain Beefheart.
Now, of course, that describes every subgenius now.
But at the time, it was unheard of.
Who's Captain Beefheart?
What?
Yeah, Captain Beefheart, the great Captain Beefheart.
No, I don't know.
Who is it?
Well, he was a very weird musician.
He was very influential on people like The Residents.
Man, Church is a subgenius for that matter.
He was actually a buddy, a high school buddy of Frank Zappa's.
But he was even weirder than Zappa.
And Zappa got him his first record deal,
which is one of the classic albums of all time.
But it's really hard to get used to.
Trout Mask Replica was the first Captain Beefheart album.
Captain Beefheart and his magic band.
But this is a real person.
Yeah.
Well, his real name was Don Van Vliet.
Don?
OK, cool.
Yeah, there you go.
There's Captain Beefheart.
Cool.
I thought you, you know, OK.
He has an amazing singing voice.
And like I say, he was, you guys may have also never heard of the Firesign Theatre.
They were a comedy group that did, well, they were really radio theatre.
They were about 10 years older than us subgeniuses.
And Firesign Theatre were, they were ahead, way ahead of the time.
They were kind of like Monty Python, but they were way before Monty Python.
They were inspired by The Goon Show, which also inspired Python.
But we were inspired by the Firesign Theatre.
And we didn't expect to be lucky enough to be them.
But we did sort of end up carrying the torch.
And that there were a subgenius radio show started up in Berkeley on Monday.
The KPFA, one of those hippie Pacifica stations.
And that was in 1982.
Puzzling Evidence Show started.
I was the first guest.
Then Hour of Slack started up in 1985.
That was my show.
I did it in a little station in Dallas until they kicked me off for, believe it or not, for crazy racial reasons.
We just got fired.
We don't care.
We started doing it from home.
We were already syndicated by then.
I was mailing cassettes to these other stations.
And so I started doing this thing from home.
And later on, I ended up moving to Cleveland.
And was where the station there was, had already been playing my show for years.
And I just started doing the same time slot.
And worked with some Cleveland folks.
There was a lot of subgenius activity in Cleveland.
A lot more than there ever had been in Texas.
What were you talking about on the show?
Were you preaching to people about Bob?
Oh, yeah, a little bit of everything.
I mean, we'd preach about Bob some.
We'd play music.
Often, mostly, unreleased music.
Music by subgeniuses or off weird stuff.
You know, outtakes.
So the guys at Devo were our friends.
Yeah, that makes sense.
I worked on a couple of their music videos.
And they contributed to our...
Mark Motherspawn did music for our little commercial that's on...
front page of subgenius.com.
Ivan, I'm Reverend Juan Ayala now.
Can you sign my subgenius pamphlet, please?
I ordered one.
Are you able to sign that for me?
Yeah, sure.
You only ordered a pamphlet?
I ordered the 44 thing, whatever it was.
Oh, you've got the membership pack.
Yeah, I'm a reverend now, right?
I already did.
They're already signed.
I mean, there's like a letter from me in it.
And it's...
I actually sign each one for real.
But it doesn't have...
When did you order it?
Just now.
We were on air like 10, 15 minutes ago.
Oh, just now?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Ivan, I need to tell you something, bro.
You're my favorite.
You are my favorite guest by far and away, dude.
You are great, bro.
I loved everything you're saying.
This is fantastic.
We're only just getting started.
I don't trust you.
Don't trust anything Chris says.
That sounds suspicious to me.
Reverend, don't...
I'm serious.
Reverend, we have him here for comedic purposes.
Don't trust anything he says.
Ouch.
Ouch.
Those are my feelings, bro.
Those are my feelings.
Chris, be careful now.
You know I love you.
I actually have been...
I've done a lot of interviews.
When our books were being published by Simon & Schuster, they would send copies to radio
shows.
They had this huge list of PR stuff that they would...
And so I ended up doing a lot of these straight radio things, just stupid drive time FM stations.
The rock jocks were the worst.
They were the dumbest.
Honest to God.
Those...
I just got to where I just dreaded those, because the guys that thought they were real
hip, Jesus Christ, they're so lame.
Every time I ever walked into...
There were times when...
I remember one of the big stations would go, oh, we heard your little indie show.
Why don't you come in and talk about doing a for real show with us?
Somehow the minute that you started hearing subgenius material played in one of those
corporate offices, everyone in the room knew it wasn't going to work.
It's like, no, no.
Advertisers would never put up with...
We're making fun of people's most serious things.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
And we weren't overtly putting down Christianity particularly, because hell, that was old
hat.
Saturday Night Live was already doing that.
We were more interested in UFO cults.
Jonestown was the one we used as an example.
If Jim Jones could talk 900 people into killing themselves, we can talk 900 people into sending
us a dollar.
I love you, man.
You're my kind guy.
And it turned out if we'd wanted to, we could have talked 900 people into killing themselves.
People are that ready to follow something stupid.
We've had to fucking deprogram our own zombies.
So these people will...
When do I get to meet Bob?
How did that make you feel, Ivan, that you had that much power?
I crossed my fingers and go, look, man, I'm going to have to tell you a real hard fact.
Bob, you're never going to meet Bob.
He's dead.
He's dead.










I don't care about me.
The dumbest one of all was the richest guy that I ever met.
He had inherited a fortune, and he thought he was going to meet Bob.
I couldn't believe how dense this guy was.
Over the years, I learned that the rich can afford to be stupid.
And there's nothing more dangerous than a trick.
a drunk rich man or woman i guess that's the most dangerous creature in the world is a super rich
person who's really drunk so they can do anything they want and somebody else will drive them home
and they could pay to make it forgotten you know how did that make you feel ivan that you had that
i want to get rich that's oh no i want it's my turn to get rich i fucking love this i i you know
i couldn't agree more with that last statement and i do want to know your answer to juan's
question but i want to know your thoughts on conspiracy with that last statement we just
heard i mean a lot of the conspiracies we look at involve very rich people getting away with very
very bad things well that's all you need is to be incredibly rich you can do just about anything
the way things are now i mean it's like
one percent of
the people in the country own 99 of the shit everybody else is uh sorry i pardon my language
oh no please internet podcast swear away see if i use this on my show i have to i have to if i use
any clips from it i have to cut that stuff or bleep it for at least for this only about four
real stations now but i do have to think about them they can get in big trouble for stuff
but this is your syndicated radio show you're talking about yeah well the hour of slack i mean
it's it started out as a broadcast radio show on independent you know public type
stations college stations sure college radio basically cool and it was running on about
15 different college stations for a while but gradually people couldn't listen to the radio
for one thing you could at cleveland state i was with the station there for about 15 years
they couldn't get students to come in and do shows almost everybody doing shows there were
50 year old alumni you know who hadn't had been classes years but they still had their same old
shows because nobody else would take the time slots it was nuts and i i now do the show from
my desk basically although every now and then we do phone things or and every x day we would have
quite a few of us together to record a lot x days were great and we we did them up until
well we're going to keep doing them but we just lost our venue we we we had the perfect place in
florida it was kind of like a hippie nudist semi-nudist resort but it was really nice that's
but she's moving she's moving it to somewhere else so we don't have any place to do it this summer
uh and
um we came up with great excuses for that but juan lives in florida we've done 25 of these
outdoor events that that have had bands and people doing like live radio show type things but mostly
it was standing around on the road talking if subgeniuses meet each other they a lot of them
would only see each other once a year a couple of times a year but they were special friends you
know so it was a a lot of fun and i think that's what i'm trying to do with the show is to have a
what philo and i didn't expect would that would turn into such a social
thing the number of subgenius facebook pages is too damn high there's so many of them i can't
keep track of them right it seems like this is the most infamous anti-cult because like you said
you're literally deprogramming your zombies what kind of uh feeling did that give you you're
realizing you had such power and you really weren't looking for it it's like if only we could
keep a straight face if only if only i didn't smile when i was saying this yeah we've got to be like
l ron hubbard by now oh for real dude you have got the hat you have the boat dude yeah i got the yacht
hat i got the sailor's hat you gotta tighten it up ivan man you gotta be real serious with this
bro because people can you know we we'll help you man i'm in bro i'm down can i be in i want
to be i love this 44 bucks we're about to go into a well i can't talk too much about this but we're
we are i think we're going to be entering a phase two soon i love it that's going to be a little
different but does that involve um and it might actually make some real money now ironically
well i'm where i'm sitting right now is uh a big house in the middle of the woods on a on a ranch
property in rural texas so it's almost like we've got the perfect place for the
cult compound like but the problem is i mean i just don't like minions so this next day is going
to be a series of parties local parties like i'll invite my friends that i know that are from around
you know this texas arkansas and maybe maybe a guy up in upstate new york will throw a big party
there maybe they'll do some at the pagan campground that we used to use in in ohio
we i was in ohio for about 20 years and but now i'm back in texas for good but not dallas
it's a goat ranch i didn't really know much about the subgenius and start looking into it and i love
the ideology i can get behind the system all that you know and be your own person do your
own thing find your own slack i love that because that's what we talk about and it's it's amazing
it has
inspired lots of people to in fact repent quit their jobs and slack off
sometimes they have to get a another job but it's almost always a better job
you know that's what happens when you quit your job you get a better job usually
so that's exactly what happened to me and i did i quit my job for the man and now i
have this justice job for bob but unfortunately that means i'm always at work you know my the
bedroom's just going to be like oh my god it's like you know i'm going to have to quiet down my

down the hallway there.
I have to give myself
permission to knock off
work and go watch
Rick and Morty or whatever.
Living for Bob out here.
Living for Bob. I love this, bro.
This is incredible, dude.
It really is, but you love what you're doing, Ivan,
right? And I mean,
the thing that I like about you is that you told people
like, listen, we came up with this
shit high as fuck.
Why are you taking it so serious? Because people take their
life too seriously sometimes.
Well, you know, we actually didn't do that until that movie.
Oh, really?
I stayed in character
for years and years.
A couple of things happened. Somebody outed me
on Facebook, and suddenly
I was Doug Smith instead of
Ivan Stang. And I kind of like
being Doug Smith again.
It was kind of new and different.
And I'd still be
Ivan Stang, you know,
but screw Facebook anyway.
The
secret hierarchy we
use Telegram,
but we have our special tiny
news group of like six
people.
A little insider secret there.
We use Telegram too.
All the original, you might
say there's about a dozen, maybe 15,
20
people who are really
contributing heavily in the 80s.
And almost all of them are still
alive.
A couple of them hate
the subgenius now.
It's too bad.
Because one guy,
two guys that hate subgenius
have the biggest
Dobbs heads you've ever seen tattooed
on their back.
Or one guy has one and
takes up his whole arm and he just
hates it now.
Dumbasses. Anyway.
But most of us are
still friends and
almost all of them were in that movie.
Do you think that's a testament?
To living your life cultivating
slack? I think, you know, there's,
you know, proven scientific
data that shows in certain cultures
there's a, you know, correlation
there. But what do you think within this small
sort of subculture with slack
playing into people's mental
health as much as I hate using that term?
Well, I think a
sense of humor is a healthy thing
to have in this day and age.
They can't take it.
People don't have a sense of humor.
They're really look bad.
They're like that all the time.
And they're usually morbidly obese and
full of anger.
Of course, that's what the Internet turned into.
Just an anger feeder.
It's such a shame.
You know, it was great when
only smart people knew about
it and subgeniuses, smart
people and also subgeniuses.
But then, you know, then pretty
soon everybody's grandma was
on the Internet and all the girls that had been
topless the next day made us take their
pictures down.
All their naked pictures.
What's the motto, Ivan?
If they can't take a joke, fuck them.
Is that how it goes?
That's the only the only real rule
in the church is fuck them if they can't take
a joke.
Or if you're if there's if
there's children in the audience, you can say
if they can't not see the
humor of it, let them
mount up upon themselves.
That's the polite.
The radio, the broadcast radio before 11 o'clock
version.
The term you use for
weed kind of reminds me of what the
monkeys called cannabis on their
old TV show.
Is there any correlation there?
Any connection to the monkey?
What did they call it?
I think they called it frop or
froth or something along those lines.
So no, frop was strictly from us.
OK, the monkeys did have a song
called Bob Dobalina calling Bob Dobalina.
Right.
Totally by coincidence.
I didn't really remember that song, although
technically I first record album.
It wasn't a movie soundtrack I ever bought
was a monkey sound.
But Bob's a real person.
What did Bob do?
He had Bob Dobalina on it, but that wasn't
where his name came from.
That was something somebody else pointed out
later.
You know, there's a lot of things like that.
It's just how do you do it?
You know, I think it's a great song.

I think it's a great song.

Wow.
He's a bobsman at this moment.
Do you think anybody else smoked
frop for the first time and was
transmitted to
a cave in Tibet?
Well, Philo says that's how it started for him.
So not just you.
Other others have had.
Oh, yeah.
That's the standard for all the early hierarchy
where we're higher up in that way.
Sort of like a gang jump in.
You notice we.
Yeah, you got to get some.
We have to.
That's right.
We have to use these special pillows with a little hole in.
What?
How much?
Right.
Some stuff.
Are there different tiers in?
So if I buy in right at twenty nine dollars, I'm a deacon, right?
If I buy in.
Yeah, yeah.
There's a there's a here.
I'll pull out one of these doctorates in your in your marvelous pack.
It's these.
Wow.
I didn't know they were so hard to take apart.

Take your time.
Kind of looks like an older Bob, right?
I haven't.
Are you, Bob?
Are you kidding?
No, Bob kind of looks like Ward.
I don't like anything like Bob.
Yeah, this line here shows the or the high E pops.
That's what Bob is.
It doesn't really give a price.
Says, please inquire.
Be an over man for one hundred thousand bucks.
An X man for ten thousand.
I'm more of an X man.
High pope of the unpredictable five grand supreme supervisor for a thousand bucks.
We actually had a few supreme supervisor.
That's a deal.
That's a steel.
A plastic card.
Was that man?
Twenty five bucks.
Drone man.
Ten bucks.
High priest to the repeater ship.
Six bucks for one dollar.
You could be a whiz master.
I want whiz master.
So these are signed by Bob with a well.
It's printed.
What?








Yeah.
And even even it has my signature and phylo signature.
But they were actually rubber stamps.
They're printed versions of rubber stamps of our signatures.
So I've been double cheating there.
How much do you think Bob has had his hand in all of these ancient religions?
Because if we look back, we have these right.
You had a psychedelic experience where Bob revealed himself.
So if you have Helena Blavatsky talking about the ascended masters, is Bob an ascended
master?
Is he some sort of?
Well, Bob himself is only about eighty eight years old.
We figure it.
But there's always been Bob's.
And of course, we also we let's face it.
I mean, we we created a monster from the parts of dead religions.
We dug up dead religions.
We took the best parts.
And we stitched them all together.
Frank and there's you know, there's your do it yourself religion.
One size fits all.
Now once and for all, can we can we settle blanks?
But there wasn't Bob that started all those religions.
But the alien that calls itself Jehovah one.
Right.
It has masqueraded as a god.
It's a retarded alien.
For sure.
It's a retarded alien.
It's an exist actually from Planet X.
But it's a kind of a differently abled one.
And it's lived on Earth for thousands and thousands of years.
It started the Zoroastrians and of course, the Hebrews and the Roman stuff is based on
Wotan is another name, Odin, so forth.
Now, they're all the same monster.
It's all big and big.
It's a visible space monster in the sky.
Right.
It is a monster.
Now, right.
This is definitely a mark.
Has this been not gone?
Has this been brought up before?
I've seen a group going by the name pasta.
Farians.
Are those guys just copying the Church of the subgenius?
Is there a beef between the two?
Oh, no, no, not at all.
They were they were well, you know, they were started as kind of a protest against something.
You know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like,


you know, the flying spaghetti monster.
Believe the flying.
I mean, they did some guy just decide, okay, my religion is the flying spaghetti monster.
I'm going to stick with it.
I think he was at the DMV.
And it was, you know, a lot of people picked up on it.
And they've, you know, they've been going strong.
They're probably they may be better known to the normal world at large than the Church
of the subgenius is.
But, you know, they came along a lot later.
I mean, you know, there's a lot of people who are like, Oh, we're going to get a new






person and we do it all the time.
They're going to try to tell us the truth because the media everywhere is trying to
make people believe us, but they still cannot have some sort of basic truth.

And now we're talking about Ruby's issue B
finite number.
And so we cannot have that dunno if that was the only background.
You call families racist.
It was all completely anti racist.
That's the whole person.
Yeah.
Yes.
Right.
bob like it was actually chichi rodriguez the golfer but they they suddenly people you know
we were afraid that that oftentimes we came first but people got mixed up there's a talking heads
or david burns song called puzzling evidence well when he made his movie true stories he was going
to have a subgenius devival scene in it with and that was the song that was going to be in it and
i was supposed to do the collage image projections and our pope david meyer was going to be the
preacher but as soon as hollywood money came in suddenly oh we didn't have enough of a track
record and they had to change it all but so but they still had that song puzzling evidence
and there's a lot of similarity subgenius in that scene because it was supposed to be us originally
and he was shooting he shot that thing in the dallas area too
that that wasn't i mean i understand how that how that works when suddenly somebody else's foot in
the bill like they really get to call the shots and who gets hired and it wasn't us
that wasn't david burns good subgenius he bought two memberships outside of that one uh secret
service run in were there any other conspiracies that were covered within the pamphlet or talked
about that maybe ruffled some feathers or maybe broke
some news oh there have been fbi offices in in well like in cleveland there was some clueless
dipshit at the fbi office there who thought we were going to all heaven's gate ourselves in 1998
and called the campground the sheriff actually called the sheriff at this little town where
where our events were held back down in new upstate new york western new york and the sheriff
listened to this guy go oh subgenius is older
he immediately called the campground owner goes frank you're not gonna believe this
fbi is so stupid i thought the subgeniuses are for real at the same time though i mean we are
for real there's thousands and thousands of ministers out there i really don't know how
so many have disappeared but i would say at least 40 000 people have sent us
that have actually sent the 35 bucks or whatever we were charging and this is a good
math for a long time it was like it's more like two a day now some years it was six a day
you know people joining up and i could fetch up a number in the thousands on my email easily but
ivan you seeing some nice checks or what what's going down bro you getting paid
oh i don't know i i make my i've made my living doing this for years now
i love that yeah yeah i'm getting paid now the house i lived at this is what was my
business to happen but i've ended up living in my late parents house in the middle of a goat ranch
my brother raises goats in fact yesterday i was standing next to a mound of composted goat shit
taller than me shut of filling pots for my garden you eat curry goat you ever eat that curry goat
no no i would feel like a cannibal i can't i don't we don't eat goat here we we don't like
to think about what happens to the goats after they know you're tripping
that curry goat is the best dish known to man my man maybe maybe i tried i tried goat once in at a
restaurant in portugal but i didn't like the way it was prepared and i had cabrito there's a place
here in town that serves goat but i didn't didn't taste any different than i mean i couldn't really
taste it that much and i felt kind of guilty i don't raise the goats my brother does but you know
you get ivan would you have done anything
differently from when you started all these years ago would you have done anything differently
when you were starting this you know religion if you will not that i can talk about
and they don't have anything to do with the religion interesting thanks my family thinks
i'm crazy podcast and now from the puzzling evidence show on kpfa berkeley in the year of
2013 dr drummond dr howe
and d woodman atwell telling the truth about heady lamar yes the movie star heady lamar
to be mixed later with ask dr howe clips with michael pepe ed holmes and rusty rebar but now
heady yeah we don't have time tonight to cover all of these subjects again how about heady lamar
yeah they're a inventor of cell phones yeah well cell phone tower concept anyway right yeah yeah
part one link to the book and then the book and then the book and then the book and then the book
all right these girls are a link in the chain of things
but a number of things yes she has well she was not she was
inventing yeah that's so cool that's amazing
well any girl can be glamorous all you have to do is stand still and look stupid the vanished
years return that was a heady lamar quote
the earth doth like a snake renew her winter weeks of work
but actually she invented stuff during the second world war






érer
the war, Hedy Lamarr, who also appeared in the nude in Gustav Machgati's astonishing
film, Ecstasy, the sensation of pre-war Europe.
After she came to Hollywood, she starred with Bob Hope in a series of disgusting comedies.
No, actually, I'm not sure that is true.
No, that's not true.
Oh, okay, good.
Thank God.
I'm glad that that didn't happen.
Well, she was pretty, she was very, uh...
How about Samson and Delilah?
Wasn't she Delilah?
Yes, she was Delilah.
She was delightful.
Delilah, delightful.
Yeah.
Or Nancy Kovac dancing.
She was the inventor of frequency hopping.
That's what it was.
Is that like the Lindy Hop?
Hedy Lamarr's.
More frequent.
That was the precursor to cell phone towers, being able to...
Cell, cell, cell.
...drive between them and frequency hopping.
Yeah, she quit school at age 16.
And got a job working for director Max Reinhardt.
That's right.
Originally, her name was Heidi Kaisler.
But in Hollywood, she became Hedy Lamarr.
Ecstasy was a Czech film.
That's a Czech.
That's in Czechoslovakian.
It was not a Czech flick.
The young men liked it, though.
And then, her husband attempted to buy up all prints of the embarrassing film, which, over time, was sold out.

He sold his wife, making love, and having them destroyed.
In this, he was unsuccessful.
And the film can probably be seen today on the Internet.
I haven't looked.
Everything can.
When she was 20, she married a man 30 years her senior, who was an arms merchant, selling munitions to Germany.
Yes, he sold munitions for the coming war.
And he was the one who attempted to make money.
He was pretty dominant.
She had to escape by drugging her maid.
Hedy knew.
Bars and guns and calibers and projectiles and all of it.
And synthesized it into valuable technology used in the submarine warfare, which characterized the Second World War, particularly its early years.
Neither she nor Antheil were scientists, but one afternoon, she realized,
We're talking and changing frequencies all the time.
At that moment, the concept of frequency hopping was born.
I understand you're technical.
They used a player piano, using a modified player piano roll, and both the torpedo and the transmitter, the changing frequencies could also be in sync.
The constantly changing frequency cannot be jammed.
Everything but the kitchen sink.
So his concepts came from the player piano.
Her concepts came from the weaponry, machinery, which you've become familiar with.
So what a great marriage there.
And now, let's continue with the last of the Ask Dr. Howell Show, live on Puzzling Evidence.
Radio featuring Pete Goldie, Rusty Rebar, Michael Pepe, and Puzzling Evidence.
I'm Dr. Howell and Howell.
It feels really good to be back from the break.
The brink, you say?
No, the break.
Oh, the break.
Yeah, right, the break.
The break that we had.
It was such a long...
Yeah, you know, you gotta put the breaks on sometimes.
All right, all right, simmer down.
Now look...
We're all back now.
We all ran away for a while.
Well, then, stand up for yourself.
Be proactive.
Shoulders back.
Thumbs along the seams of the crowd.
And what are the...
You mean to say costumed superheroes are given awards for their costumes?
They're given awards for something or other.
I just work there.
I don't know exactly what it is.
Yeah, that's right, Michael.
They're not real superheroes.
I had read it out.
I'm thinking they're like the L.A. guys.
There's a guy dressed like Gumby.
You know, I get an award.
They're not gonna get an award for saving the planet.
No, nobody's doing that.
In fact, they're farming the planet.
All they didn't put a costume on.
They're doing it for the planet.



I don't think they should give any more awards.
I don't think they should give any more awards.
...and destroying the tranquility with the endless throbbing music that you thought
you escaped by not being at Burning Man.
Now it's back and it's coming at you from every direction.
Wow.
Then...
Why wasn't I there?
...prepare for subliminal puzzling evidence.
Radio program.
Information burst.
Squirt.
Boop.
You see, on this show, you're always in an action-packed movie.
Things happen.
And you're always in a movie.


So, you're not asking me to say anything.




And that's great.
...a huge advantage of this show.

Thank you.
Now, return to your scheduled programming.
And you're listening to The Ask Dr. Hal Show.
...to shoot up all these...

...Live on radio.
...Live on radio.
Well, there is no Soviet Union anymore, so we've vanquished them.
Thanks a lot.
They all show that.
All right.
You see, on this show, you're always in an action-packed movie.
And there's always parking.
Anything could happen while you can.
There's always parking.
It would be interesting to have some kind of puzzling evidence.
And this was offered as a gag.
Right.
And now reality once again has caught up to what was a silly jade back then, just a few short years ago.
Very few short years.
And I couldn't believe it when I saw it.
I mean, but apparently they do pay attention.
I'm sure a lot of humans would like the puzzling evidence.
Channel one, too, because it's unthreatening and, you know, cute and everything.
And I don't think they're necessarily the pampered ones in that you can think of it.
It's just a channel, I suppose.
How much does a channel cost for a month to rent?
A dollar a month or I don't know.
Well, and what you require is what we call an adapter in the radio.
You want both channels, do you?
Yeah.
I'll ask the front office about that.
Perhaps we'll see if in time that may be granted.
Can I call customer service?
She doesn't even have the number of this.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Let's call someone from India.
Your hearing is important to us.
Please stand by.
We can take phone calls here at the Ask Dr. Hal show.
But on the other hand, they're mostly more trouble than they're worth and interrupt the flow of show.
That's one of the things a great show does is deals with the technical problems without necessarily talking about it.
Yes.
Next weekend.
With the US government, we will function after a nuclear war or a near earthquake.
Oh, this is good.
This is also.
We have given our pledge our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor.
And we are coordinated with the North American Civil Defense Council.
Press it hard.
Push it in all the way.
Yes.
Push it hard.
And the little switch on there.
She adjusted in your ears to the way you like it.
Just the perfect.
Now you've done it right.
Performed this incredibly arduous and difficult operation.
The Witch of Kurose by Robert.
And this is, of course, going out over the air.
You can see this, folks.
I usually plug the Ask Dr. Hal show.
But my version.
Yes.
Live on radio.
At the Darkroom Theater.
Indeed.
On Mission Street.
Yes.
Our mission is educational.
At the Darkroom Theater.
I misspoke.
So you can do something else.
Yes.
It's cool on Saturday night.
And still come.
You'll receive a better listen than the folks back home get.
Although that, of course, is optimal if possible.
Yes.
Anyway, now we can relax, settle back and enjoy.
But there.
Enjoy our discussion.
Where's the preacher presentation?
Well, the problem is that.
Now they're ruining.
Puzzling evidence.
They've made it a TV show, but it's all pulp.
I don't think you can ruin it.
You can.
I've seen.
I've seen two episodes of the TV show.
And the first one.
Your opinion.
The first one barely adequate.
The second one a terrible disappointment.
So it doesn't really fit that much into the puzzling evidence.
It will almost got it.
It's sort of like a sputtering engine that doesn't start.
Yeah, I'm surprised.
Maybe they should have done what they did with everything else and start with a movie and then see.
No, I think they gave away all their story.
The first episode.
And everyone went, okay.
Well, we're going to have to.
Well, I had a lot of trouble a while back when Loki burst out of Asgard, but I think
they've got that under control.
But that's all been covered up.
Different movie.
They've covered all that up.
Oh, CIA.
It's called the Avengers.
It's what happened in New York.
You don't remember it to you.
I've got.
Yes.
They gave you a memory dusting.
So you wouldn't remember.
Of course it would be inconvenient.
I know.
I remember taking a test and I couldn't remember anything.
Yeah.
And I could go.
Well.
At least you've got the free show popcorn.
Yeah.
I got the popcorn and I didn't jump out of the window.
So.
Right.
Not this time.
But did you have yours?
All right.
Vanessa.
We have been had.
And so do all our brethren.
My brother had to take some of the CIA LSD tests.
You know, my very own brother who went to Vietnam.
Uh.
Came back in one piece because he went before the escalation.
Had to take in Boston.
Some tests that the CIA ordered him to take where they put him in a locked empty room.
And gave him LSD and looked at him through a one way window.
That's just the most unfun way to take LSD.
Exactly.
And that's why he had a chair and a table.
And.
Not much.
You can do.
LSD.
They say they sell psychedelic chair and table.
Yeah.
I can't imagine.
I've I've tried several times to really get the full story and I can't get many details.
I don't think he remembers much.
Come sit down beside me and hear my sad story.
I think they paid him twenty five dollars.
He said something like that.
I've got to find out what I mean, because I can't imagine how horrible that might be.
Well, you put up with a lot in the service.
Yeah.
Holy smoke.
You can just experiment on me.
I'm just a guinea pig.
I think it was a volunteer thing, though.
Well, yeah.
Yeah, I think it was.
I think he held his hand out and he got paid.
Yeah.
They paid him.
Yeah.
Speaking of getting guinea pigs.
Yeah.
Fall in right now.
Yeah.
You know, we'll pay you.
All right.
I know that was a joke.
NSA people.
Oh.
Star.
Three headed northeast.
What did you stop for drive through?
No.
Which I'm unable to.
Oh, I'm sorry.






Yeah, yeah, it's pretty cool radio.
Well, at any rate, I was gonna say that speaking of warpין because I think that the
brave auxiliary gases went into his balls.
Now, let's get to this short clip.

are not quite creditable in what they do.
And the TV show didn't really have the fire.
Survivors show up.
He's still gone.
Something like that, yeah.
He was there.
Fortunately.
But I'm not here.
Yeah.
And of course the...
And that's it.
I think they go to that place
where the soldier heaves the cannon
in the bronze statue.
Doesn't he feel well?
Or is it the one...
Or is he...
Is he the one...
He's the...
Trying to think now.
No, he's steering the ship of state perhaps naked.
He is.
And you know,
because Ed Holmes has
the St. Stupid celebration there every year.
It's not just St. Stupid,
but everyone who crosses the line
has to undergo a humiliating ritual at sea.
You have heard of it, no doubt,
where one pays a call to the court of King Neptune
and he's tormenting myrmidons.
Really?
I didn't know it was a one-way trip.
You didn't know if you're a sailor,
you go over the line,
they're going to paint your ass blue
and make you do all sorts of things
far worse than any fraternity initiation.
Yeah.
Certainly an ancient tradition of the sea.
Yes, indeed.
Well, what do you remember...
An old salty dog like you ought to remember,
a shipmate, eh?
Considering the voyages we went on.
You do remember some of those, right?
Well, which voyages?
The ones that we went on.
You and I.
Oh, of course.
You surely remember the one that ended in a slapping contest
where you and the girl were slapping each other's face
at first playfully and then less so.
Aboard our ship.
You remember that one?
She was confined to a wheel.
Her and Hedy Lamarr, yeah.
There's a few actresses you can look at.
Well, you know we were talking about Hedy
on the Puzzling Evidence show this morning.
You ought to get a radio station show or something.
And her many...
accomplishments.
No, she'll be white, but then the next one will be...
It will be the Puzzling Evidence show.
And we're on the next one now.
Yes, Red Fox.
...Evidence show.
And there it is.
Wow, power levels on the red here.
Just like that.
Okay, that's fine.
Fast song has occurred.
And the show has begun.
You know, Red Fox would make a great person.
You're in the middle of the night again.
We're kind of...
We're kind of...
Who does this stuff?
It's crazy or something.
Oh, what is that weird noise?
That's the sound of a...
It's the connection.
...spaceship...
...throttling its control mechanisms.
Slightly.
Just enough to stay in orbit.
Hmm.
Somewhere in that connection is that white noise.
But it's...
...it's so comforting.
Oh, the white noise.
I thought you were talking about the pink noise or the blue noise good morning testic yes
that's and fabulous
yes
had a statistics professor that used to use that term a lot fantabulous spooktacular
he would say fantastic
generally while he was moving his ponderous ball across the
the chalk tray on the blackboard dragging the chalk and then and the erasers and whatever
else might be on that chalk tray dragging it off and knocking it onto the floor as he moved
his way across the massively long formula he was riding on the on the wall there just to prove
just to prove things he was always saying this is proof and then he would write a long long long
that we were expected to write down and remember well not remember
put you to sleep too huh hey wake up over there buddy you can't do that on the puzzling evidence
show what do you think you are are you doc dr how doctor house Lee where's Dr how he's on the show
he's sleeping
the show what he does he's right there he's got dr howe hooked up to the show and that's what we get
tonight it's just yep he's just gonna sleep he's just hooked up to the show electronically yeah
this is a fart strike right so bart put wi-fi over the entire city he's making a strike and he's
afraid he's afraid because it's nice to put the fear in a lot of people and they don't know what
they're going to do now and they're looking out the window now lonely and afraid and they're
eating cold toast with no butter right and they're gathering at the barge station but there's nobody
there they're just going to stand out front and with their little their little cards out just
with their card out or their they'll have their arm in the air as if they're hanging from a strap
looking at their iphone hoping and wishing that somehow through that through that symbolic action
they will suddenly appear at their place of employment if i just emulate how i how i'm
supposed to be
when i'm riding the bark maybe that will transcend me into a plane of transitional movement
in my mind i'm consciously expanding this sound like molecular quote me bob 14 justification
well whatever you need to quote to justify is something we need this morning
we need your quotes because your quotes are like
money to america you get hit as a free man off a시고 crap we cut out all our people because
we're too funny we're having problems the people we're humiliated are create issues
and beyond what we have we use those quotes or the people we hatewoods the people of china
or eric rising 1948 when plastic is replaced in the either west indiana there's a chemical
to help the people, just like Bart wants to help the people, help the people get to work.
But not too much.
I mean, we'll only have so much to help the people.
Yeah, I don't want them to do too much work.
I don't want them to have to work so hard that they don't feel like they're not compensated properly
and feel like they don't want to help the people.
Well, that'd be a bummer, not having people that are supposed to help the people not want to help the people.
Yeah.
Especially when all the people want to do is get to work.
They just want to work, just like the Bart people want to work.
They just want to work for more money, just like everybody else.
Just like Michael Pepe.
Just like me.
I like to work less for more money, though.
It's a little bit of a twist that I put on it.
Work less for more money.
Work less for more money.
That's my slogan.
Yeah, yeah.
I agree.
Work less and less for more and more.
Less and less for more and more.
That's a good slogan, I think.
Yeah.
Especially for 10 minutes to 4 in the morning.
Yeah, if that's where you are.
You should not be working.
You're thinking, yeah, it's 4 in the morning.
Less work, more money.
And if you're working right now at 4 in the morning,
I would implore you just to sit down
and don't do anything for the next 5 minutes
while you're on the clock.
Tell them I told you that.
Say, that guy on the radio told me to do that.
When your boss says,
hey, how come you're just sitting around?
You're supposed to be screwing that nut on that bolt.
How come you're not doing your job?
Because that guy on the radio told me not to for 5 minutes.
That's what you should say.
And he'll go, oh, okay, I got you.
All right, well, hang in there.
Thanks for being honest.
And obey your radio.
Obey your radio.
Always do what the radio says.
Especially the puzzling evidence show radio show.
Where we say show in the title at least twice,
maybe sometimes thrice.
Yeah.
Just so people understand, don't get confused
and drive off into the park.
The column that holds up the BART train
because that would make things even worse.
Or not only that, they might even drive onto the BART track
thinking they're a BART train
and try to start carrying people.
Yeah, come on, everybody.
Let's oops.
Yeah, what a nightmare.
They'll just drive their bus onto the BART track.
Their home, their RV.
They'll drive their RV onto the BART track.
Because people always try to help.
People try to help
and they try to improvise where they can.
And what a BART,
the RV is a lot like a BART train
if it's on the track.
That's the important distinction.
It's got to be on the track.
And the rims would send up lots of sparks.
It'd be really pretty and really helpful.
It'd be great and helpful.
And the people on the BART,
that are on the BART track,
they would understand.
that are waiting for the BART train
that's never come,
they'll be so happy
because they're going to be hungry
and they're trying to get some food.
They want to get some food
they can put on their people.
On their people.
Yeah.
And they would say,
look everybody, the BART is coming.
I can get food on my people.
I can get food on,
put some food on my people.
I'm trying to,
I've been trying to put food on my people
and BART won't help me.
But now they do and I'm glad.
But now, BART is helping.
I'm glad.
Yes, we are all glad that BART is helping.
And you are helping BART
by driving on the tracks.
And putting food on the people.
Yep.
Because people on,
people with food on them is good.
They would ride the BART
if you're driving on the tracks in your RV.
Because they would trust you.
They would say,
thank you substitute BART.
And they'd say,
good morning, sir.
Okay.
Where's my door?
We're happy.
We're happy that we don't have to stand out front
wishing and hoping that BART was open.
We're happy that you've taken up the slack.
You've actually, you know,
done some improvising here.
You've been thinking outside the box.
You've been thinking outside the circle too.
You've been thinking outside
somewhere that we can't even put a description on.
You've been thinking outside the circle.
You've been thinking outside the amorphous,
unnamed area.
And there you said,
good morning,
too many times.
Way too many times.
Really?
Is that what happened?
Yeah, but the important thing is,
we support you,
whoever you are,
and whatever your endeavor is.
You got the support
and the,
well, not the endorsement.
We can't actually,
we can't actually give you an endorsement.
You'd have to pay us a lot of money to do that.
And we can't take money
or talk about taking money
or even things that have a cost.
Beyond currency, we cannot go.
Yeah.
We would just rather think about nut bits.
We're going to start charging nut bits.
Or nut bits.
Bit nuts.
What, governance?
Governments?
20 governments of slack
is how much we're going to charge.
Can you pay your 20 governments of slack?
It's a lot.
I know it's a lot to ask.
I wouldn't ask it
if I didn't think you could do it, though.
If you didn't think you had it in you
to reach down to the bottom of your bootstraps
and pull yourself up
by your own petards,
standing in the air like that,
hoisting yourself.
Hoist away, I say.
The puzzling evidence shows
that we're not just here to help.
We'll hold those petards for you.
Have you ever gone about your day
and suddenly felt like sharing a link
on someone's timeline?
Man, that feels great.
Even if you don't do it.
I don't know what else to do but to write a good diary















Very shortly here,
there's gonna be a show idea,
one that you're really gonna love,
with the sweet dulcet tones of puzzling evidence,
and hopefully, like John Falseville,
As he names the time coordinates here on this station, the station that you love so much,
even in the stormy weather of the tossed seas of life, the ups and downs and the shutdowns
and shut-ups and the strike-downs and strike-outs.
You walk down the hallway, waiting, waiting to know, what time is it?
Why, it's 4 a.m.
On the Puzzling Evidence Show.
