And, yes, this is Synesthesia, a special post-X-Day wrap-up edition here.
With me in the studio, we have Dr. Holland Owl and Reverend Ivan Stang.
And on the phone line, we have Dr. Philo Drummond, Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
and it sounds like Princess Wee Ardo is there in the background as well.
Yes, indeed.
Yes, there you are.
Bye, George.
So we're going to take a minute here to pause for a little bit while we're going to change the disc here.
Here and easy with that.
That's a personal one.
Stay tuned because we've got some.
That goes back to the days of the ancient Olympus, you know, that disc is here.
It's my sacroiliac duty.
Okay.
Listen to yourself, Bob.
You follow her to work.
You open her mail.
You eavesdrop on her.
So genius.
Power of work.
Dr. Drummond, your voice is sounding robotic.
Are you in the middle of a transformation to overman?
Robotic.
Beep.
It could be.
I'm actually just flapping mightily.
You can say that on the radio.
That's not fair.
Flapping is perfectly acceptable in family.
I'm probably 15 feet from you.
Yeah, what are you doing out there?
Well, it's a good place to make a phone call.
On her service, you have to stand in the middle of the highway outside the bed and breakfast.
Yeah, there's only two bars, Charlene.
It's in Louie's place.
Okay, well, I will walk over there to where you are.
That's a good idea.
Then we'll hear in the studio.
No, I'm not wearing any mosquito repellent.
And Dr. Howell's not there to draw the mosquitoes to his...
I'm not wearing any mosquito repellent either.
How about that?
No, you're wearing mosquito attractant.
It's called Dr. Howell's sweat.
All right, all right, all right.
It's a sweaty time.
Okay, I'm hiking my way across the...
This is a mobile operation now.
Sustain we now.
No longer stationary.
Description of a time...
Yeah, I'm tuning out.
I'm tuning out.
My battery...
Petty luster...
Oh, no, there went Princess Wee.
She let us know.
...have lost us Princess Wee.
As I got over to Princess Wee, she tonked out.
Her battery gave out great heart.
Her body is still here.
I'm looking at her body.
Hey, hey, hey.
Well, give it a pinch for me.
Hey, we do have a...
In fact, does she still have her tattoo on the chest that I applied?
Hey!
Yeah, she still has her tattoo.
On her chest.
Well...
I still do.
Well, see, there you go.
She still has it to me.
I walked into the living room, and there was Dr. Howell drawing on my wife's chest.
It's a nice eye and a pyramid design.
Yes, that's what we do at X-Day.
If anybody wants a drawing by me on them for free, they can, but few do.
Let's take another caller here.
Hello, around the air.
Can we take it?
I would like to answer...
I would like to answer the previous caller's question.
I didn't even hear it.
About what is it doing around me, 6-D to me.
6-12 and the oblong hangings that they were planning to...
WD-40.
In the corner, yeah.
Hey, Dave, you're on the phone with Philo.
Philo did call in.
He's got heroin and cocaine on his ass.
And Princess Wee...
I'm sorry.
I thought I was on mute.
Princess Wee is hovering nearby, about six inches above the ground.

Oh, okay.
Yeah, did we must call also?
Yeah, she's still at Wisteria.
It sounds like a room full of barnyard animals.
Or some sort of barnyard...
Barnyard imitations, eh?
Make a noise like a goose.
Yeehaw.
Please.
That's the wrong animal.
Yeehaw.
I'm very disappointed in that particular imitation.
He had it through the donkey when he said the goose.
Am I still coming in?
Okay, let's drop that aspect then, but...
Yeehaw.
Did you know that that small part of Ohio in which Wisteria is located
is known as a biological treasure reserve with more concentrated species in that area
than in, well, hardly any other place on the planet?
No other place on the planet is diverse as that one.
Yes, with its thousands of buzzing, stinging insects.
There are more types of venomous insects, plants, and reptiles, and even salamanders out there
than you can find anywhere else.
Except the Amazon jungle.
What about that...
And it's the only home of the Kandiri toad.
And that freshwater sea serpent, which many people saw.
And, of course, the giant tortoise, or turtle, known as...
Old...
Who do they call it?
Old Sequa.
That's why the Native Americans created the original turtle mound that's seen somewhat near Old Sequa's lair.
The goofy beach ball eyeballs were added by hippies in later times.
That's no burial mound.
That's...
It's a warning.
It's a warning to the skies, to the heavens above.
In this bioregion, giant turtle forms like Old Sequa flourish.
The nearest giant turtle is in Indiana, in southern Indiana, on the map of America's cryptic monsters.
Did you know that there's a north-south passageway going all the way from Kentucky,
all the way to the Great Lakes?
And over to...
It was on the road.
Underground.
The endless caverns.
The world of...
The endless caverns are in Tennessee and southern Kentucky.
Mammoth caves.
So what was the word of response?
Where imprisoned mammoths may still be heard trumpeting.
Now, this is bad.
Everybody's talking at the same time, and then they stop.
Was this voted the worst X-Day ever?
I'm sorry.
To some, it was the worst X-Day ever.
Because no one died.
And to others, it was the best X-Day ever.
It was a fine X-Day.
Because no one died.
Last day was the worst X...
Last X-Day was the worst X-Day ever.
This X-Day was an adequate X-Day.
Adequate, I must say.
I am gourmet food and delightful-looking young ladies...
Cream of corn soup and corn chowder.
You know, by the last day of X-Day, they were bowing and cringing before Stang and myself,
bringing us...
Iced tea on a silver salver, bending over humbly.
They did.
Yeah.
Well, beforehand, they act like they don't even know you.
I'm sure they were bringing me more than that.
Well, I'm sure they brought you something.
They were bringing me the good stuff.
Well, you were trained by Bob.
Don't share this with Hal.
The rest of us are groping in the dark, but of course...
Oh, there was a lot of that going on.
I remember there was a tumor squelching.
There was a squelching party where some of the Arapa guys who band together and whispered
two rumors to each other.
And there was...
Well, Reverend Pickles was there.
Reverend Schicklgruber?
Pickles.
Reverend Schicklgruber.
There never was such a...
It was Anton or Alloy or something like that.
That was several years back.
There was no such Nazified person there this time.
I meant Reverend Pickles.
Once again, I said Pickles.
Pickles.
Pickles.
And many people took pictures for the absent Reverend Pease.
Pease.
What was that year that you weren't there, Dr. Hal?
Well, that was way back in the year zero, I think.
That was a good year.
There was one year I went that you weren't there.
Because I stayed in the bedroom that you normally sleep in.
There were a bunch of years when Dr. Hal wasn't there.
Well, at one time, I didn't stay in that bedroom at all.
But in an insect-infested pop-up.
That's right.
The first time.
It would pop up and large huntsman spiders would drop from the ceiling.
I remember sometimes in the old days, though, when we used to reverberate.
Laying on the side of a road with a bottle of absinthe in your hand
and see that you had parked your carcass right wherever you damn well pleased
over in New York State there.
That was a famous comedian, Park Your Carcass.
That guy.
I...
Never.
Ever.
Remember that night we put the four snoring guys in that same place?
Oh, possum.
And created the vortex of snores?
Yeah, yeah.
That was nightmarish.
That was a terrible X-Day.
The X-Day of snore vortex.
In snore world.
And we drove the other campers away from the loudness of the reverberation.
The cross.
Was that because there wasn't enough power to power their hookup?
That was at the other place.
What was that?
Is that...
The grounds are in the...
There wasn't enough earplugs to shield their eardrums from the mighty snores that were...
It wasn't the snores so much as...
There was a little girl blowing a vuvuzela all the time when we were trying to sleep.
We were talking about X-Days of yore.
Oh, yore.
Yeah, in the olden days when we stayed in a house trailer.
Yore.
An unfurnished, echoing house trailer.
It was like a church camp dormitory.
There were like these cots there.
Each person would carve out a cot like it was their place to go and stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah, I remember that now.
It was...
The snorers were Philo, Dr. Hal, Dr. G. Gordon, Gordon, and myself.
I protest this calumny.
And together, the four of us, we rattled...
That trailer rattled apart.
All the four sides of it fell off.
The ceiling fell in.
Well, I'm going to have to like butcher a hog in a minute.
Well, we saw a man jump...
Jump his bike over three burning cars.
That's right.
Circus Apocalypse was an X-Day.
David Apocalypse.
David Apocalypse was there.
You never said that.
He...
I'm not kidding.
He really did drive his bike over three flaming cars.
And landed on the other side.
Yeah.
Yeah, he did.
And we've got...
So what, he's doing like stunts and stuff now?
Yes.
Or was it regular, some neat stunts?
Now, ladies and gentlemen, this next act is...
Might possibly be...
Might possibly be the most ridiculous thing you see all weekend.
What I'm about to do...
What I'm about to do is...
On my little clown bike...
Jump three cars on fire.
Pay attention.
Do what the clown tells you to do.
If you guys want to be safe, stand still.
Just do what the clown does to you.
Be aware.
Be aware.




Be very aware.
Touch yourself.
Touch your neighbor.
No, don't.
No, do.
I'm kidding.
Safety third.
Get it right.
This is a sideshow, son.
What you are about to see is real.
What you are about to see is real.
This is reality.
Indisputable.
Obvious.
Obvious.
And right before...
And right before your eyes.
What you are about to see is real.
Dave, I'm sorry to tell you, but whatever is going on, it looks really wrong.
This is not how I envisioned this at all.
Direct from Isle of Death Co.
In Telebrands Plaza, New Jersey.
He's from Iowa, Dad?
Okay, you're going to set up the ramp?
All right.
All right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, no.
David Apocalypse will attempt to jump three cars on his bicycle on fire.
Okay.
We need three volunteers from the audience who have cars.
Can I get three cars down to the stage area now?
Three volunteers who arrived here by car.
Wait.
You...
We need it so we can set three cars on fire.
David.
Okay, we got three. We got three. We got three. We're good.
Okay, we're bringing them down. All right.
Oh, there they come. Everyone look up there. Here come the cars.
They're on their way. No, don't look at me. Look up there.
I hear them. I hear the engines. Do we have enough safety tape?
I have the cars. You have the cars? Okay, bring the cars. Bring the gasoline.
We're ready.
I hope the safety tape is as best as I can get.
All right. I'm going to need to get a running start here
because this ground is absolutely perfect for this kind of act, I have to say.
This is going to be great.
All right.
I'm ready.
All the people that I've tied up, set them on fire.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Out of the way. Out of the way.
Here we go.
And I make it.
And I make it.
Medicals. We're good.
Medicals have your gun. We've got David Apostolos, everyone.
David Apostolos.
David Apostolos.
David Apostolos truly is one of us.
Take it with you.
Thank you.
One of us.
One of us.
Those flaming cars are just little plastic toy cars.
They've been lit on fire.
They're miniature cars.
Shut up!
This circus has been brought to you by the letters LSMD.
Hint, assholes.
And brought to you by the numbers.
What were they again?
Six.
Six.
Six.
And six.
And six.
What fire? No.
That's just noxious, that's just noxious, poisonous fumes that people are inhaling.
It's not a big deal.
That's just plastic matchbox cars on fire.
Breathe, breathe deeply.
Yeah, they know why.
Come on, fracking equals jobs, people.
Yeah, right?
Right?
We're creating a future.
Do we have anything else?
Burning is just the beginning.
No, we're done.
We're done?
Gooble gobble.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much.
My name is David Apocalypt.
This is Andrew the Impaled.
Gooble gobble, gooble gobble, we accept you, we accept you.








Gooble gobble, gooble gobble, one of us, one of us.
You should have been there, man.
It was boss bitching and groovy.
Yeah, Evel Knievel would have been impressed.
Anyone would have been impressed.
Amoeba Knievel would have been even more impressed, but he wasn't there.
It's a full-scale tabletop rally.
Told you, told you, told you.
But that was just part of a larger show involving mutilations.
Pain, nails driven into the face.
Yeah, who can get out of the straitjacket first?
Right.
Necessary training for your average subgenius.
Attention.
Your thoughts and monitors for quality purposes.
Raise awareness.
Attention.
Raise awareness.
Raise awareness.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, I tell you.
Originally, I was a doctor.
I was famous for the gravity from the slack crusades and the fine-shell circus apocalypse.
Alcatraz could not hold him.
Psychotropic drugs could not control him.
The bed and breakfast won't let him back in.
Ladies and gentlemen, I tell you, I give you, the one, the only, reverend, David Apocalypse.
Release.
Release.
Yeah.
I'll fuck you again for the very first time.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to perform one of my favorite stunts here.
This is called the human blockhead.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to take this ice pick and drive it directly into the center of my fucking face.
Now before I do this, it's very important to let each and every one of you know, do not try this at home.
Because my face is here.
And if you try to do it with my face in your home, you will surely be breaking some kind of physical laws.
And we are all law-abiding citizens here.
Citizens of something anyways.
Now this could be the last time I do this act.
Not because I'm going to kill myself, but I assume there's going to be metal detectors at the spaceships and they're not going to let me take this thing on.
I'm a little bit worried about that.
I don't know.








I have some, you know, unmentionable things that I really don't want to be seeing on the x-ray machine in front of everyone, if you know what I mean.
You know, so it's going to be a little bit of just, you know, keister what you can before you get on the spaceships is all I'm saying.
Before I begin, I'm going to tell you a quick little story.
This is an honest to God truth story.
This is the story of how David Apocalypse decided he needed to join the circus.
As many of you can imagine, a guy that...
dresses and behaves like me had a hard time growing up.
And one time my dad took me to the circus.
And while I was at the circus, I saw the elephant act.
And the guy had the elephant stand on his hind legs and everyone applauded.
And the guy had the elephant come up on this little wheel...
little stool thing and stand up on one foot and everyone applauded.
And then the guy had who he said was his wife lay down on the ground.
And he said,
and he said he was going to have the elephant walk right crosser and the elephant came along.
And the elephant took its left foot put its front left foot over top over and onto the other side of earth.
Then the elephant took its right foot over over the woman and onto the other side.
And then the elephant took its rear left foot over the woman and onto the other side of her.
point the elephant stopped straddling this woman and the elephant urinated and
I don't know if you've ever paid attention to an elephant urinate but it
takes a long time and there's a lot of it it was incredible and the audience
had this collective gasp of horror and titillation and after the elephant was
done curiously enough elephants don't have any way to shake when they're done
it just sort of dribbles after the elephant was done it finished walking
over the lady and that woman who had just had the most disgraceful thing I've
seen happen to a person just about anywhere except my own bedroom
that woman stood there laid down and stood up and with a huge smile on her
face went tada and it was at that moment that I knew I wanted to be in the circus
because if you can have something that horrendous happen to you in front of
that many people and get up and give the world a tada you're about the strongest
person in the world
you're about the strongest person in the world
now ladies and gentlemen what I'm gonna do isn't near as bad as getting
urinated on in the face by an elephant but we'll see if we can make it close
this ice pick has been verified by my expert here you are an expert aren't you
have you ever built anything before well then I guess we're fucked all right
ladies and gentlemen watch as I attempt to take this ice pick and drive it
directly into the center of my face
very important for all of you remember if you're gonna treat if you're gonna be
penetrating anyone or anything lube liberally
all right ladies and gentlemen this is the end of the show if you enjoyed it please subscribe to my channel and hit that like button and if you want to see more of my other videos please check out my other videos and I'll see you in the next one bye bye
ladies and gentlemen at this point I've driven this thing all the way up to the handle into my face hammering on it anymore that'd just be fucking stupid at this point oh yeah that opens up the all third nostril ladies and gentlemen at this point you're about to see a giant















you either clap or I give you the clap
now removing it that takes a little more finesse not really but you know if you do it without the finesse it takes all the class out of an act like this and you got to admit this is a hell of a classy act huh there we go
you
and that looks like blood on there
but it's not ladies and gentlemen I thank you very much
I am David Apocalypse
now
I do believe we have more dumb fuckery to come
or
yeah
yeah
fuck dumbery
fuck dumbery
fuck dumbery
fuck dumbery
dumb twittery
dumb twittery
are we still doing a show
we're still doing a show
alright
we're still doing a show we're gonna need
we're gonna need some more volunteers
yeah we'll need something
we're gonna need some volunteers
no sexual favors
thanks stick appreciate it
I mean I would love to grab those fucking ears
and ride your face for just a little bit
but it really wouldn't be a romantic thing
it's
it's
it's completely different
not unless you spread spam juice on the top of that head
get that jelly off the layer of spam
oh yeah
alright but uh but you know stick you and the person in front of you
yeah you come here
yeah come on up here
yeah you looking behind you
yeah get your ass up here
yeah you
yeah you
get your ass up to the stage
there we go okay
take it all off baby
relax darling the rest of the show it stops here at the bonneton room




if you want to see the rest you're gonna have to pay the extra five bucks to meet me around back
for you ten sir
and we'll be meeting you around back
oh yeah oh yeah
that is a euphemism friends
you're fucking laughing at
fucking clowns
okay guys
alright
everybody get fucking you know ready alright take the straps from the left and put them through the holes in the right and double them back
what did he say straps left buckles right and double them back
what did he say straps left buckles right and double them back
alright
connect tight
okay yeah you know top to bottom strap buckle re-buckles strap
oh my god it's a strap it's a buck you dress yourself this is a real psychotic episode you'd be shit out of luck
oh he would so much be chewing on your lip
oh my gosh I would have your ear I would have your goddamn ear right now
you're lucky he isn't anyways I mean I've seen him do it before
that would be sexual that would be romantic yeah no
yeah see yeah what he's saying is you know if this was a real psychotic situation
oh my fuck
fuck
we'd be fucked man
oh
you'd be fucked I'd be fucked
look they are so far ahead of you
they are so far ahead of you you guys are totally lucid
do you see what I'm working with
shut the fuck up Dave
okay are we there okay
watch the equipment if this had been a real psychotic
by the equipment he means his dick
you guys would be SOL
and by watch it he means fondle
yes
oh yeah this is good this is good I feel secure
I feel good about myself
you double the back of your buckles up the fucking floor
and I feel good about where I've come in my life
and I feel good about about about it's okay
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
snug snug not tight
snug don't help her you asshole
alright
you don't need it tight as your ass
yeah I'm not planning on having any more kids but I would be able to have sex again someday
thank you very much
preferably today
preferably today
okay
alright let's have a warm round of applause for our competing
tire uppers
tire uppers
they all did great
they did just fantastic
even the ones who lost are still winners in my book
not one lip was bitten off
get the fuck off the stage
haha
alright you ready
I'm the one they like
haha
that's cause they just don't know you it's like fucking new love or some shit like that
they'll be like I'm stable I'm the stable one
no he may seem fresh and exciting and new and shit like that
but I've been there for you
alright I treated you good
but who eats better
fucking assholes you goddamn ingrate
yeah
alright you ready
do what get out with a straight jacket or eat pussy
uh hopefully both hopefully I expect I expect by the time we're done
on the mark get set go
shit
you fucking
ugh
you are way too excited for this
ugh
ugh
ugh
ugh
ugh


it's ok
it's ok
it's ok
you're ok
you're ok
it's ok
have you heard about my campaign for awareness
yeah it's not working out too well
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha


hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha
hahaha

hahaha
hahaha


hahaha

give me a cigarette
give me a shot of your whiskey
someone's got a belt of whiskey
anyway
everybody's got a favorite thing when they go to the circus
but what's everybody's favorite thing about what we do?
well above and beyond everything else when they go to the circus
of course
everybody's favorite thing is the
bucket o' glass
is that real glass?
watch out there's glass there
and now
you need this?
I do thank you
I'll just put that there
well you could have why didn't you?
I don't know what the hell
I didn't say stand there and hold it you know
that's just for the bathroom time
okay now ladies and gentlemen I tell you examine carefully as I Andrew the impaled attempt to walk over this bed of real broken glass and my real feet
if you listen carefully you may just hear the corpuscles pop
pfft
pfft
wow
wow
wow
wow
wow
M&&$%
pfff
wow
yeah
very much
to the
the
pfft
pfft
pfft
I just
pfft
pfft
pfft
pfft
pfft
pfft
pfft
pfft

pfft
crack and then pulling him out it was the fucking most beautiful experience
he was brutal and loving it was great dr sax and i were very it's a thing so how about i just walk
back and forth a couple times that i heard the ends how about i just walk back and forth a couple
times is that all right with all you oh you people are sick you know that all right fine fine we'll
have a good point you're pricks you give me a number between one and four now three
all right guys back up watch your eyes watch your eyes watch your eyes
everybody shut up and count with me
wait wait hold your applause first of all first of all we got to figure out if we've been
successful
i mean any one of you dipshits can jump in a bunch of broken glass in your bare feet
it takes a special clown like me to walk away unscathed all right is there any blood on that
foot no jesus can't help you here you won't come to any of my shows no not since an incident 1983
no god jesus no they won't come anywhere near me it's kind of embarrassing really
how about that is there any blood on that foot is there any blood on those amazing feet god
not a drop that my friends is
the measure of success but hold your applause hold your applause hold your applause still for
we are still not yet done you see a lot of you have seen this over and over and over again
x day hey nail man you're gonna nail your face again tonight
yes i'm gonna nail my face again tonight because i didn't go to college okay you want to pry into my
personal life any further no i've been doing this for a long time and i know it doesn't quite
cut it it doesn't quite do it for you if you know what i mean
and it doesn't do it for me either honestly you know so i've got a jack up i gotta amp it up
a little bit you know yeah this is this is for you people you sickos you know people that go to
go to hockey fight after a hockey fight and a boxing game after boxing game just to see a little
just to see a little bit of blood you're the person that can pull blood after the game just to see a little bit of blood
people that go to the racetrack to see the car slam into the wall and its transmission fly up
into the waiting arms of the hot dog vendor you people are my bread and butter and i thank you
dearly for this sickness so like i said we're going to amp it up a little bit now we earlier
we had some pain right then we had some fire then we had some more pain who wants to see pain and
fire together you people really are sick you fucking know that you people are fucking sick
should be ashamed of yourselves and i know that you're not and that makes me very proud
that was pretty good i'm glad to know that i could i could get out of one of those things
you could if you're glad like if you
got from a grandmother shy of family if you have a deviated septum you can put a whole nozzle in
your in your nostril and put it all the way up in your four you know maybe in your midbrain or go
further if you want and you can i'd like to do that well why are you saying anyone can get out
of a straight jacket i don't believe that's true dr drummond uh only these subgenius specialists
could wriggle out of a and they dislocate both shoulders yeah it's not easy it's painful you
know you know i
think i could dislocate my shoulders if i wanted oh and you're you're convinced it's easy
well i'd like to i can squeeze through a little hole like a little tiny dog
look at that look really you can't know it's not so dr drummond
you can barely get your head through most doorways it's like an octopus going through a tiny hole
in my enlightened form where do you put your skeleton while you're doing this
right especially if you're
enlightened form but you just had a lobotomy of your head is you know much
i'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy
jpegs or it didn't happen
neither did evolution but it's a head expanding part i was with you
terrible the way everyone talks at once and then there's gaps of silence that's uh
it's it's musical i love those caps
polyrhythm it's not
it means the master editor can get his dexterous digits on this and uh reform it into something
resembling an actual show oops except for that part contaminated get down with my sickness
what you know what jenkum is
what
eb slack works on me no
prop prop zippy prop prop
hey
oh
oh
oh


yeah
we can't straighten each other out who who can we straighten out we need calls right now
pro crusty
emails or your comments if you need to know anything about what happened in hysteria
about the dangling children the lawsuits or any other we we can talk about most of this stuff
a legal staff is still preparing briefs on the other part so we can't we're not liberal
especially on these this day of liberty of all the days you know it's
today is after your day of liberty
liberty sir
independence
the day of independent liberty
of independence missouri day
hey uh i have to admit to a crime
uh oh
i just realized that it was a crime but uh didn't weren't we performing on the fourth of july and we ended our show with that flaming sword that shoots like
exactly
like a roman candle
i saw it
which i aimed
you had it
at the sky in order to fight god
yes the subgenius war on god continues
yeah i got back to
you're against the law
i've got back to yelling and screaming at god and threatening him with this big sword
i have to say god always has a bigger sword but it wasn't magnificent
that's what makes the war on god so much fun for god
he knows he's gonna win
the losing side always has the coolest uniforms
yeah like the poltergeist see we read the book and we know we won and stuff that's how they don't have to you know go take dance classes or any of this stuff the other kids had to do
poltergeists make up the principal part of spontaneous material manifestation
not actually against the law
poltergeists
no just shot it shoot a sword at god
well there you go you're in the clear stang
our legal department has just released you from any indemnification for your damnation
what a release
oh i can't look at it cause i'm on the phone that i would have to look at it on
who are you talking about
how can i do that?
he wants to look at the nasty gossip
yes he does
you were there for it dr drummond don't worry
they didn't say anything too much too bad about you and what they did say well let's face it it was all true
were you there when they crucified my lord?
the true lies that they're trying to spread about me
mhm well
you should be used to it by now
ad hominem or ad hoc whatever they call it on the way to kentucky are you fighting the vital fights still in this area down there
we're still um we're over here next to next to the house on the pad that was vacated lunch a while back
he's on the pad as they call it
we have our pads empty after lunch and that means their lunch is going somewhere
you know when i performed that wedding did you notice dr howell at the end of it they consummated their marriage by launching a bleeding head
i saw that that old tradition refuses to die they had this hideous head with the hanging head
they were hanging tatters of flesh and they took the golf club
it smelled horrible
yeah well you see the pride of
that was like they didn't bring wedding rings they brought a golf club and a decapitated head
and this was a subgenius wedding
golfing or tennis or something like that and a few decapitations
they brought the important stuff
yeah
yeah don't forget that because if you didn't you can start with
oh yes dear friend

a solemn solemn ceremony about to begin well it may not be that solemn considering the atmosphere which is a taco pot party taco filling or pot luck sorry pot luck party
wait a minute i thought you said it was a pot party
well it's a why not both
oh
one
one more time now if the bride hasn't gotten cold feet and fled to another state this is when she would come trite sing down the aisle led by her father jr bob dobbs who is giving away and she well pretty close a bloody human head
ah yes dear friends oh yes yes yes yes
that look at that head
oh show let us let the audience
this is what marriage is all about dear friends
my son has a euphemism for uh for for the wedding bed they call sex cutting the onions because it involves tears and sharp knives
and if you guys need any explanations later on

later i'll provide demonstrations
should be romantic usually it's a heart player but we have trademark gunderson of evolution control committee
thats pretty hearty
ah yes beloved friends voyeurs jealous associates and any hidden cameras
dear reverend fox and you reverend esther
i swear to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth there is this man who is not a prostitute
say I do that's not the wedding we just want to make sure that you're on board
you're not lot you're not lying okay you're held to this we should make you
swear on a book of the subgenius friends normally subgenius weddings are the
utilitarian type that only lasts 24 hours or less just because somebody
wants to get laid I don't know if that's an issue here I'm not gonna ask but this
isn't one of those this is the real thing there are papers being signed that
will lock these two together in legal state authorized as well as subgenius
matrimony lay your hand on this sacred Bible and swear that you are who you are
that's all you have to say
I do
yeah most okay all right that's all we just had to get that hand print all right
dearly beloveds we are gathered here in the presence of JR Bob Dobbs whichever
form he may choose to take let's hope it's not like last year and insert any
other deity names here that you might need or require but probably Bob is
enough Mothra Gamera
we are gathered here in the presence of JR Bob Dobbs Mothra and Gamera and why
not the gargantuas too we'll throw them in to join this man if he is indeed a man
and this woman if she is indeed a woman he's Reverend Fox she is Reverend Astor
in a permanent and yet still virtuous bondage of holy matrimony in the name of
Jesus Jesus we don't have what it takes pray those flies though I'm
sooner will i
swallow the
the subgenius.
Because it'll be legal for everybody
when we're completely done.
Okay. This is a bond
of subholy
wedlock, so that no matter what
physical position these beloved may take
in the next centuries,
their moral standing
shall remain
upright.
Now, if there are any jealous losers
here who feel that this man and woman should not be
joined together forever, just hold
your peace, because I don't want to hear about it, okay?
Yeah!
But we want to hear from
them, so I
will first hold the mic up to
the boy, or
I think they always did
Yeah, I had to go first, too.
Oh, because
she has the punchline.
My priestess
pokey.
Shut up!
When I met Bob about
ten years ago, I felt I was
kissing my chance for romance good fucking
bye. But the first
time I met you, you were in a
conspiracy uniform and
fitting yourself with a fake name tag.
So from the
beginning, you had little patience
for the moronic, droning,
nonsensical behavior of sweaty
tourists in 100
degree heat. And I thought
that was pretty hot.
After a few failed first attempts to introduce
myself, we started seeing
each other more and we were having a lot
of fun and we really connected.
Then I introduced you to Bob
and I didn't know what would happen.
And a few years later, we went to
X Day 14
and I felt we got to really be ourselves
there, really for the first
time. And I really
like seeing how naturally wonderful you are.
And since we've done everything together,
I love you and I want to keep doing
everything together.
I can hold that if you need to.
If you would.
I'm not as verbal
as Bob.
Ben is. I just
usually sit back and glare at everybody.
But here's what
I have.
Since I first met Fox
and told him to
fuck off and never speak to me again,
I knew that I would never be bored
whenever he was around.
And in the last seven years
and our many
adventures into
the terrifying darkness
that exists
just over the hill of all the
right-wing people.

in the great city lights.
This has been proved true.
And we still go on those adventures.
And we still almost end up dying and coming back out the other side.
Nobody knows how.
You are the person who introduced me to Bob
in the most random and sideways of ways.
And I'm so glad to have met Bob
and all the wonderful people that you've brought me to know.
And you were my contact.
And you are my constant companion in getting slack,
in making slack,
and fighting to get the slack we deserve.
And I know when the saucers come,
or the years that may follow,
whichever happens,
we will fight the conspiracy together
and forever be Yetis.
And I love that.
Wow!
All right!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
That was,
those were some of the best vows I ever heard.
Although I got confused earlier.
I thought you guys were going to exchange vows.
Just to make this personal.
Princess Wee and I met you guys earlier.
And when we went to Orlando
and were guided around by Reverend Fox,
you had to work and you weren't there.
But we were aware of you
because he wouldn't shut up about it.
And we, as often happens,
Princess Wee and I, who are true Yeti mates,
we looked at each other afterwards
and we thought,
what a nice couple.
How did that nerd ever score her?
But that's almost always the question
in these weddings.
And actually we did gradually figure it out.
He does kind of grow on you, doesn't he?
He does.
Now you guys can get together
and put your hands on each other and hold tight.
Let me just go just a little ways.
A little further that way, that way.
Oh, a little wide!
Um.
Hey, have I been paid?
No, no, that's okay.
We'll cover that later.
Don't worry.
It's a question.
It's part of the form I have to ask.
Do you, Reverend Fox,
take this woman, Reverend Astor,
to be your lawfully wedded wife
in permanent subgenius matrimony,
to have and to hold,
in fact to do just about anything she agrees to do,
for richer or poorer,
in sickness and kinkiness,
through any hardship or disaster
that may befall her ever,
for whatever sick and twisted,
but no less blessed reasons?
Say, I do.
I do.
Do you, Reverend Astor,
take this man thing,
Reverend Fox,
to be your lawfully wedded...
Uh, special...
...husband...
It said wife here.
...in short duration...
No, in ultimate,
permanent subgenius matrimony,
to have and to hold,
in fact to do anything he agrees to do,
for richer or poorer,
in sickness and kinkiness,
through any hardship or disaster
that may befall him
in the next centuries aboard the vessels,
for whatever sick and twisted,
but no less blessed reasons,
for ever...
Say, I do.
I do.
I don't think they're taking this in.
I don't think they're taking this entirely seriously.
Listen to the joy in that idea.
Now, shake on it,
and say, it's a deal.
It's a deal.
It's a deal.
And now...
Normally we do the wedding ring,
but you said there is not...
We're doing something else than wedding rings.
Does that golf club have anything to do with it?
It could.
Anyway, in lieu of a ring,
we should at least display the simple, cheap,
expedient trick of the Temple of Devoe.
I think we know how to do that.
She's the female, the receptacle end,
and you hold up a hand like this.
That symbolizes the ring,
or let's face it, your vagina.
You hold up...
Now, you'll look like this.
Just hold up one finger,
to represent one of the dicks.
Okay?
This is symbolic.
It's a symbol of the...
No, one.
Just use one.
Any one.
That's a...
Well, that's vulgar, but...
This is a symbol of the holy estate of marriage,
of the shackles,
the veritable handcuffs of wedlock,
as well as the pole going deep into the hole repeatedly.
Now, install the ring.
Just once is fine.
Fertilization takes place,
and in ten months,
the subgenius baby comes out.
Okay.
That's good.
That was...
Ew.
Has anybody got Kleenex?
By the authority invested in me,
by J.R. Bob Dobbs,
Gamera, Mothra, and the Gargantuas,
and in defiance of the laws of the state and of nature,
I pronounce you man and wife forever and ever and ever and ever.
You must now kiss each other.
Really, really go at it.
Everybody else should kiss each other, too.
Wow.
This...
This is...
This is the point at which my son once asked me at a wedding,
Daddy, is this where they lay down on the floor
and make the baby?
And I said,
I don't think in these Lutheran marriages they do it that way.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, it is done.
A man and a woman, praise Bob!
Nothing will ever be the same.
Now, y'all are supposed to throw confetti or rice,
and that represents sperm shooting through the air.
Did you know that?
Or...
Oh, now I get it.
What?
Did I put two and two together?
You got a head?
You got a golf club?
Four!
The head is launched!
The deed is done!
Heal...
Bleeding head good, healed head bad!
Bleeding head good, healed head bad!
Bleeding head good, healed head bad!
Bleeding head good, heel head in bed, yeah!
Woo hoo!
Ow!
And now we usually play the Jurassic Park theme as the two lovely wedded people walk away.
But the Abolition Control Committee is good enough, and them some.
Price Bob, let's eat!
Woo!
Oh, if you do any garter throwing, I want to be there for you.
I can't wait to see all the babies.

I can kiss on the head next next day.
Ten months after...
We did a lot of arranged marriages at this one.
I hooked up tall men with short women and tall women with short men and so forth.
It was like inspired by the Mooney weddings where Reverend Sun Yung Moon just arbitrarily matches up couples
until he's got about a thousand people who don't even know each other all getting married at once.
Imagine those awkward wedding nights.
Like Japanese pornography.
Yeah, well, the way I've set up the subgenius arranged marriages, they are going to be as awkward as I can make them.
Awk, sput, splut.
It's a challenge, and it makes for a strong marriage if they can get through that.
Yeah, that's true.
And mutant children.
The boy names too approach to marriages.
The hairy boy named Hershey.
But why is that relevant to the sacrament of marriage, Dr. Drummond?
Big shoes.
No, a boy named...
Well, you gotta start off on a bad note, and then it gets better, see?
Okay, there's something to what you say.
Yes, when you start off singing in happiness, you know you're going to come home crestfallen with your tail between your legs.
That's right.
When you go out punched over and bitter, then you come back whistling with a smile on your lips and a song in your heart.
I got news for you.
You got it.
That ain't a tail.
Well, I...
You got it.
I'm trying to soften it up for our listening audience, Stang.
Yeah, I know.
Thanks for unsubtilizing my...
That's my specialty.
I have a horrible way to treat a fellow passenger on any vessel, whether it exists or not.
My fellow passenger is no pigeon.
He's fully aware of all the risks that exist and still willing to go forward, reverse, and in low gear.
My fellow passenger has big feet, strong arms, and hairy eyebrows.
My fellow passenger is 59 years old and still going strong.
I heard the cough of the banshee, the southern Ohio banshee, coughing banshee.
It's the myriad of callers right next to me.
She's right next to me.
She's got a redneck to me.
Wish I had a call tool.
How could you get a redneck to me in southern Ohio?
The redneck to me.
Uh-huh.
I'm going to have to get a redneck to me when I come here.
I've got one.
No, it's funny that...
I'm about to get a redneck to me.
Roseacea.
Roseacea.
You know, it's funny that saying, you know...
I'll have to get them to add a redneck to me.
Ah, V. Yeah, you can have a redneck next to you, but your own neck will still remain...
You know, they say that mullets are for rednecks, but having a mullet will prevent getting a redneck.
The entire neck will not redneck.
It's better than having a chop of redneck off of me.
I'm sorry.
I just wondered, is that the growth that's under your chin?
It's like under Barbara Barber?
That's just called a...
That's just a neck beard.
We're just trying to keep the sun off.
Can you understand that?
Can you appreciate that?
That's what it is.
It's...
Add a redneck to me.
It hides the goiter.
Getting dirty's goiter.
And it's so much cleaner than a chop of redneck off of me.
Or a glass of redneck ale.
Uh-huh.
Some people pronounce it a little different.
How frustrating it is in Caffeinas when there's no redneck to me.





There's nobody there who can open that cabinet and get you out a can of Diet Mountain Dew.
I experienced the frustration of the day in Caffeinas.
It seemed like days, but there were ameliorating factors.
As sometimes there are and sometimes there aren't.
Right.
But you never know unless you go there.
My mother's day goodbye kind of confused everybody for a bit.
The twittering of the birds.
Sure.
That was another X-Day when there was the obscene conga line that you were referring
to.
This time all was sweetness and light.
Of all the Latin dances.
So any further questions before we wrap it up on X-Day, that is to say?
We can tell you about your favorite X-Day characters and favorite X-Day plot lines,
but you'll just have to be specific with your questions.
Especially since who's dying?
Well, you can hear by the coughing that the subgenius virus has been getting around.
It's not the cough that carries you off.
Yes, it's true.
You can catch all sorts of strange maladies at mysterious wisteria.
But you can also be cured of them and come away in a state of glowing, perfect physical health.
Thinking that everything is alright.
I thought they were mostly sickenings.
I didn't know that.
I was going to say that the healing was more like a joke.
No, no, it depends on the individual subgenius.
We don't just treat them all like cattle.
Well, except during the Bobby Awards.
A lot of people were sickened by eggplant attire.
That was the sickening that we had this time.
Yeah, I noticed that.
It looked very uncomfortable from behind.
Sickening.
Yeah, exactly.
That's kind of hard to ignore the way he showcased it.
Exactly.
Well, we also practice healings, but the question was about the sickening.
But, uh, I remember the sheer pink thing that he wore many years ago.
Yeah, the last time eggplant went naked, he ended up as a cover boy for Fugly.com.
I'm not kidding.
That old picture of eggplant in the see-through raincoat and nothing else pops up on the internet.

It's on the internet all the time.
It's like a crazy, inexplicable guy photo meme.
Yeah, talk about a meme.
Mm-hmm.
Well, uh, yes, so many things proceed from the, uh, Wisteria campground to infect the
rest of the noosphere.
It was a haunted Indian area at one time, wasn't it, Dr. Howell?
I think you did some epistemology on the, uh...
A haunted what now, my boy?
Epistemology?
Uh, the stark epistemology.
Well, the people after the mound building...

The mound builders, supposedly, were quite superstitious.
Yes, uh, Peter, Paul, and Patty.
They were superstitious, and they built many mounds all over early, uh, North America.
Peter, Paul, and Patty.
Oh, then I guess that's the story of Wisteria right there.
Well, they were obviously at Wisteria excavating, uh, uh, the chasm of the giant, uh, snapper.
The old sea claw.
The old sea claw, yes.
I'm gonna go...
I'm thinking about going and...
nurturing myself in the bosom of Morpheus.
Sounds pretty good.
Tell him, uh, hi from me.
Suckling the milk of Morpheus from the teat of sleep.
Suckling those big, old brown nipples.
Yeah.
Morpheus does have awfully large nipples, dripping with the sap of sleep.
Boy, this is getting hard to follow.
In the bosom of Morpheus, I'll soon be suckling the milk of Morpheus.
I'm jealous.
The phrase is the arms of Morpheus.
I wanna get me some of that.
Oh.
The wisdom tea.
The arms of Morpheus.
I've already been there this X-Day.
Plastic metal.
You know what else it's time for?
Uh-oh.
A PSA.
Station identification.
And the famous CD flipping.
Yeah, it was that new, uh, Andrew and David Apocalypse car.
Station identification.
Plastic metal.
Yes.
Plastic metal?
Indemnification.
That, uh...
This new music forum, plastic metal.
Now stop a-yackin' so we can do the...




Station demodification.
It's okay, I can just cut all your mics off.
For free information, see www.subgenius.com.
Praise Bob.
