On PR news in Washington on building bombs.
President Bush gives companies too long to comply with new regulations.
Experts estimate more than 40 million Americans are too frightened to come to his aid.
Here's that PR spat.
On Wall Street, 2-2-10-5-1-6-2-7-3.
A strong earthquake has refused to dismiss monetary laundering charges against PR news in Washington.
Can we ask some more questions now?
Did you know about the car almost hitting us?
Will we reach New York all right now?
Will it still take four hours?
Will we reach Columbus by tomorrow?
You're just a stupid piece of junk, aren't you?
Are we always going to live in St. Louis?
Are we going to live in the East?
Are we going to live in the West?
Are we going to live in this country?
Is there any way out?
Any way at all?
The Self-Genius Power of the White Tree.
Thank you.
We appreciate it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The Self-Genius.
The Self-Genius.
The Self-Genius.
The Self-Genius Power of the White Tree.
The Self-Genius Power of the White Tree.
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
So relax, in your own delusion
Find a place to hide
And bridge your confusion
Save me
From the bludges of conspiracy
Save me
From the chains of time
Save me
From the men in black
The civets of genius
The sad, flat, brave God
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!

Praise God!
Praise God!
Two, three, four
And let me hear you sing it!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
And let me hear you sing it!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!
Praise God!

Praise God!
When I get to Venus, can I get a dog?
Dogs can't live on Venus.
When they roll on their backs, the pressure twists their guts up and kills them.
You remember my old dog?
Yeah.
I don't like Venus. Will you come get me?
Believe me, you'll like it.
What are you gonna do?
South America is where I'm going to go.
Don't you fear the Yetis in Rio?
No.
No.
No.
No! No! No! No!
Rio!
Did I say something I should not have?
No.
No.
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
What did your father give you?
If I can't walk it, I'll go down.
People. I mean, yeah, people, you know.
But not this, this is the damnedest thing I've ever heard of.
Who are the overlords of the UFO?
We.
We.
She's got no idea.

Big Bob's daddy.
Shazam.
The corporations themselves receive...
Corporate welfare.
Corporate television.
Corporate money.
They're corporate fascists, it's all true.
Can I get a free spa?
Free spa!
Yeah!
What's going on here?
We're just gonna have to get a free spa.




I don't know what this is, but it's just a train.
It's a train.
What?







Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
I'm scared.



Bob!
Bob!
Bob!
That music we just heard was by Poo Water Towel.
That's actually yours truly, Reverend Ivan Stang,
with hers truly, Princess We Are Doe.
In that case, she mostly did the catering.
The video of that one is on Video Google right now.
It's called Drum Bob Real Bob, actually is the name of that.
Our music in the background tonight, by the way,
is by Reverend Artemia Salina.
It's pretty messed up.
That messed up dialogue,
before the song there, Yeti Rio,
is from the movie American Astronaut,
directed by Corey McAbby.
He's involved with that band, The Billy Nair Show,
and we have more of their music coming up.
Before that, we heard the song Praise Bob
by The Walk-Ins from the Subgenius CD,
Hairs in Bob's Ears,
and of course, the cut-ups of that great cut-up,
Le Mer, Fernanda Nande, Le Mer,
brought us into this space,
this ear space,
in which we now find ourselves.
Oh.
Oh.
And what kind of a space is it
that's often determined by the incoming music?
Incoming?
Which, in this case,
could be frightening.
You know, your relationship with your god
can be frightening, can't it?
Yes, it's kind of trembling, isn't it?
Uh, sure.
Sometimes, you're praying to him,
and going, okay, I know he's gonna help me
win the lottery this time.
Other times, he's creeping up on you.
Hey, yes.
Jay, that's right.
Your god, J.R. Bob Dobbs,
is creeping up on you.
But he's just practicing,
because the conspiracy bugs,
they creep up on you, too.
You know which conspiracy bugs I'm talking about.
Pretty much everybody you don't like.
And there is hope.
There's a shining golden city
where the robots live
Beneath the central sun's eternal glare
And when the saucers come from space to massacre
The human race, I know that we'll find peace and safety there
Through the holes in the poles
We will flee
Sailing down to the lovely central sea
Leaving torture, death, and madness
For a land of joy and gladness
Within the hollow earth, we will be free
In atomic-powered go-karts, we will roam the land
While the aliens devour human slaves
They'll squirm beneath the master's boot
Or roam in packs in search of loot
While we will laugh to think that we were saved
Through the holes in the poles, we will flee

Through the holes in the poles, we will flee
Sailing down to the lovely central sea
Leaving torture, death, and madness
For a land of joy and gladness
Within the hollow earth, we will be free
We'll ride in flying submarines
Through air and through the sea
While the aliens destroy the works of man
When they leave our blasted world
At last we'll rise again without a past
To implement our splendid master plan
Through the holes in the poles, we will flee
Through the holes in the poles, we will flee
Sailing down to the lovely central sea
Leaving torture, death, and madness
For a land of joy and gladness
Within the hollow earth, we will be free
A wonderful old religious folk song there.
Holes in the Poles, friends, that is Nenslow,
Reverend Orton Nenslow.
wrote that song and is mostly singing.
I should mention that some of the background voices
are, strangely enough,
what we would call legitimate people.
The lovely Donna Cossie,
author of the book Kooks,
was singing in the background,
and I think Pagan Kennedy,
who grew up to be respectable,
is singing in the background.
And on guitar and singing is Dr. Ahmed Fishmonger,
who I just got a letter from him this morning
mentioning that he was writing a book
that's being illustrated by his brother,
Kim Deitch, the underground cartoonist,
and his other brother, the other Deitch,
who's also a cartoonist,
and I believe the foreword is being done by their dad.
What's his name, Deitch?
Who?
Who?
Seth?
Who invented Tom Terrific
on the Captain Kangaroo show.
Jay! Stop this crazy thing!
Artemia Salina with the Jet Stones here.
Let's listen.
A gay old time, I guess.
Well,
that gay old cowboy,
Lonesome Cowboy Dave,
sure,
is on his way to his telephone
any second now.
In the meantime,
I've got a lovely song here
by the Billy Nair Show.
Huh.
I've come to bury Caesar,
not to praise him.
I've come to praise Caesar,
not to bury him.
I've come to praise Barry,
not to seize him.
I've come for Barry.
Have you seen him?
I've come to praise Caesar,
not to bury him.
I've come to bury Caesar,
not to praise him.
I've come to praise Barry,
not to seize him.
I've come for Barry.
Have you seen him?
I've come to praise Caesar,
I've come to praise Barry,
not to bury him.
I've come to bury Caesar,
not to praise him.
I've come to praise
bury, not to seize
him. I've come
for bury, have you seen him?
I've come to
praise Caesar,
not to bury him.
I've come to bury Caesar,
not to praise him.
I've come to praise
bury, not to seize him.
I've come for bury,
Have you seen tend?
I've come to praise Caesar, not to bury him
I've come to bury Caesar, not to praise him
I've come to praise bury, not to seat him
I've come to bury, not to seat him
I've come to praise Caesar, not to marry him
I've come to bury Caesar, not to praise him
See you next time.
Great Bob
Hello friends
as
I think it was
one of my brothers said the war on drugs
is not designed to be
wanted to right herring but I
meant they need an enemy
within America
you know to have a police force
make a lot of money
you know from political unity or something
I was
praise my
office machine
answering machine
Steve
my mother
she takes
my voice here
my voice
can be
any
can be
a bird in the sky
or a train
can be


The point is, she's totally crazy.
Very simple to hire a psychologist for.
I say that in all seriousness.
And her friends.
She was taking over the voice and pen of many people in the church.
She was so true to her knowledge that
they even thought Dr. Pizarro could know this.
She takes over his voice,
but his pen may bomb and destroy it with flak
and seven-blade windbreaker.
She truly is the Hydra woman who has admitted to this.
Wow.
Friends, we get some great calls
at the Subgenius Foundation office.
He calls quite frequently.
And although the true Jesus does apparently have his address,
I've never been able to get it myself.
So we've never been able to respond,
but we like to share the insights that he comes up with,
with you,
because, friends, that's time control.
You know, time control is a mysterious but wacky thing.
You're indulging in it and performing time control all the time,
but you don't really know it.
Mostly what you're doing is wasting time,
procrastinating, putting things off,
and generally indulging in slack or false slack,
depending on what it would be for you.
But you know what I'm talking about, right?
You're focusing your imagination too much,
and you get a really good sense of what it might actually mean.


Here comes our guest.

You knew what you were doing,


I Wish there were a mechanism for them
to be able to take on it regularly.
We could have過來 mechanisms at my Tesaroviki agrad-
Uh, yes.
Such as stick around-
Yes.
The Mun Cars by Reverend Artemia Salina.
The Mun Cars.
He also did this thing in the background which is called Psycho Ween Zone.
I think he takes MIDI files of anything and finds similar ones and mixes them together in his little computer.
Artemia Salina.
Do you know what Artemia Salina means?
No, I don't.
Sea monkeys.
Really?
Brian Shrimp, yes.
That's the scientific name for the Brian Shrimp.
So whenever you see those Brian Shrimp or Sea Monkey packages that have the family, the nice happy family of Sea Monkeys.
Gil men.
Monstrous parodies of humans in their little cage that you're going to buy for them.
He's the guy, Artemia Salina is the guy that posed as the dad on those.
Wow.
You know those self-same Brian Shrimp are the soul food of my little fire newt.
My ancient fire newt.
Friends, at the Slacker Mansion where we live in Slack, Princess Weardoe and I only have one pet.
Because we only want to be cruel to one animal at a time.
And it's a newt.
But not just any newt.
No, it's an ageless newt.
We have no idea how old it is.
She's had it for 26 years.
So you know she's a little older than 26.
But we don't know how old the newt was when it was purchased from the newt store.
There are mysteries everywhere, friends.
But he eats sea monkeys.
They're supposed to be dead, dried ones.
But I've noticed that when you throw them into the water, the ones he doesn't immediately eat, they come to life and start kicking and twitching.
And wriggle around.
Yes.
Trying to find their way to that happy sea monkey home that's depicted on all the sea monkey boxes.
Did you ever get those for Christmas, friends?
Weren't you disappointed?
Were you disappointed this last Christmas?
Things just weren't the way you expected them.
You made the mistake of reading the news and seeing that the world was, in fact, going to hell in a handbasket.
I was...
Oh, wait.
Speaking of hell, it looks like...
Let's see if this works.
Is that little green light?
Is that working?
The little green light is working?
The diode?
Yeah, it is this time for once.
It's the Dave diode!
Is it like the mythological light of the bizarre Iranian imam who thinks he's the messiah?
I hope so.
Because I was emitting some green gases earlier.
It was making me think that for the winter Olympics, they should have pyroflagellant speed skating.
Oh, limplinks.
Mmm.
That would be...
Well, there's so many things that we wish that could be, you know, Dave.
Lonesome cowboy Dave.
Why must...
But Bob won't let those things happen.
Because he's a...
He's a...
A fickle god.
Yeah, I guess that's it.
Or he's...
He's not a god at all.
Same points I was thinking of on my head.
Yeah.
On my head.
I was thinking slack.
Even though all that is true.
Yeah.
Slack.
I mean, not slack.
But the Church of the Subgenius offers something, I don't know, a little different.
Because all these religions are just like alien master, human slave, cargo cult, right?
Yeah.
The god exists because it is believed in.
So...
We're like slaves to this idea or actual preternatural being, whatever it is.
Well, we built the prison ourselves, man.
So you mean this...
So, as slaves, we could just, like, open a door?
Yeah, you could just...
You would think that you could just stop believing, open the door and walk out.
But the slave driver's inside your head, man.
Boy, I got a lot of...
I got a lot of screws in my nostril.
Yeah, I knew that.
I know.
I mean...
And some of them show.
But...
Well, there's not a lot you can do.
Thank goodness for radio.
Yeah.
Well, there is no cosmetic surgery necessary on radio.
In fact, everything is just as smooth as...
As a baby's brain.
And that's why they let us on.
Because of those rules.
Nursery rhymes.
That's what these are.
It's a fairy tale.
A tale of fairies and other deviant species.
And there are a lot of them now springing up.
Not just in the toxic pools, but throughout the land in malls and the little tiny homes.
Could these be what the tales of trolls and dwarves were based on in the Middle Ages?
Mutated pinks shopping at modern malls?
They say after when the Roman Empire fell, there was this big ecological that people don't think about.
You just think about barbarians and stuff.
Mm-hmm.
But there was, like, a major...
A major ecological disaster where a lot of people, their hair would fall out, would become trolls.
And maybe that really happened.
Well, that's because they mixed lead with their drinking water.
Right.
They used it as a preservative, I think, in their pipes.
And they used liquid mercury.
They didn't use frog in their pipes.
They used lead in their pipes.
Can you imagine that?
No wonder the Roman Empire fell.
And, friends, you can see, if you read your history, the fate of the Roman Empire is about to be echoed in the fate of this country, America.
The new United States of America.
It's going to undergo the same judgment that has befell ancient Rome.
Friends, we've seen the weather.
God's warning us.
We've seen the strange weather.
I wouldn't be...
I was just telling Charleston.
I wouldn't be surprised if I got up this morning, next, tomorrow morning, and it'd be raining blood.
Yeah, this is a bad...
Or that the moon was like sackcloth.
Or the oceans become like stone.
Jeez, what illusions.
I could...
If it gets much colder...
Well, when Lake Erie freezes over, the water does...
The Book of Revelations is acted out every year.
In fact, every month by some antichrist out there in the world.
Oh, how true are you?
And, you know, you think, oh, God, it couldn't get any worse.
And then it does.
And, you know, the funny thing is, I've been thinking that since I was...
Well, for about 50 years.
Yeah.
I've been thinking that.
Yep.
That very thing.
I was going to ask Princess Wyzigodian if she remembers back in the days of Yorn in this area here where they didn't have six earthquakes in one year.
Yeah.
What's up with that?
I...
I know.
When I left California, there was an earthquake and it scared me, but they all left.
Then I came here and there was a bigger one and no one left.
I was there.
I was here.
I've been in the very ones of which you...
You spake.
But...
And you were at the top of a skyscraper, right?
But the two bosses that were arguing didn't even notice that the building was swaying.
That's right.
Because they were having such a vehement argument that they just thought that the argument made them feel a little dizzy
and didn't notice the light fixture swinging on the ceiling.
Well, new from BizCorps is the gyroscopic anal implant would actually keep the smooth going throughout the entire...
Entire...
Entire...
Entire...
Entire...
Entire...
Entire...
Entire...
Entire...
Entire...



Entire...



And as the earth moves, so do you.
And you continue marking those logs and numbering those numbers.
Well, but the point is people don't even notice when the world is ending around them.
Oh, they can watch the victims of a hurricane or an earthquake on television and they can have a flat tire
or some terrible disaster befalls them every...
The little ends of the world, but they just don't see what it's all coming to.
It's shaking down.
It's shaking.
It's shaking.
Breakdown is happening.
And friends, you know what that means?
That means it's time for you to get some slack.
Because there may not be any more time.
Save your fur and get your own slavery hole.
Invite it in.
You know, it's your choice.
If you choose to choose things,
which I suppose is a volitional complex we can't even talk about,
that would be too weird.
But if you choose to choose something,
well, it's not called joining.
What is it, Zane?
It's become a member.
You can't really become a member
because the members are all frozen.
Well, you know, you're born a subgenius or a pink,
but when you join up with the church
and become a dues-paying minister,
then at that moment,
whether you're pink or human,
you are thence.
At that moment, you are saved.
You are protected from the ray guns of the alien monsters
and the devils from the hollow earth
that will be coming up,
erupting,
and then they'll be coming out to get you.
You think these heating bills this month are so terrible.
Oh, no.
Wait until you're in hell
and have to pay for your own heating bills.
It's possible we are in hell now
and we're just looking for the fire escape.
That is a theory that occurs to every subgenius boy and girl
at about the age of 10.
They go, wait a minute, I'm having to grow up.
Maybe this is hell.
Well, as we swing through adulthood,
clicking our heels,
hands upon middle age,
and our foreheads recede,
and so do our occipital lobes.
Middle age is receding for me.
Well, as the rest of your organs continue to atrophy,
I would probably put it that way.
And then finally, your heart muscle decides
it wants to live on another planet.
Then you realize it was hell
and this is the only way out.
My heart muscle does live on another planet.
My heart is still on Mars.
The true Earth, I should say.
But let's not get lost in doctrinal.
Now, let's not start crying about the old Mars
versus the new Mars.
We are where we are because it is ordained by nature.
Ja.
Ja.
We say ja to X-Day 9.
So will there be slightly clicking of jackboot heels
overtones at X-Day 9?
Yes, yes, there will be.
If we even make it that far before,
we may have to hold the X-Day inside the camps, you know.
Yes.
As the chairman,
the young Germans were saying to me about a year ago
when we visited Hamburg,
they said,
they're so concerned about this rise of fascism in America.
Sad, sad.
Oh, look at the...
The viewers in other cities can't see,
but Dr. Sinister just walked in with a new sinister hairdo.
You mean on his body?
Yes.
Well...
Probably inside.
Probably...
Probably there's a...
What is the change on the outside of his skull
is reflected by a change on the inside of his skull.
Has that ever happened to you, friend?
You ever wake up with a hangover and go,
I'm never going to do that again,
and immediately did it again?
That's what Bob's here for.
He's here to pop that hair of the dog.
He's here to pop the top off that beer you have in the morning,
that hair of the dog.
That's what...
That's Bob's function as a guru,
and a religious leader in this church,
in this world.
Well, we had close encounters with the end of the world
while I was in Texas for the last couple of weeks.
Burning, man.
Burning.
Talk about burning, man.
It was burning grandmas in Texas.
People just trying to save their house.
First thing in the morning,
things first.
Sheesh.
Conflagration across that big of an area,
that should be telling somebody something.
Well, yeah.
It told the rainmakers that they had failed
in their rainmaking magic.
It hasn't rained in the area of Stang County, Texas.
It hasn't rained in five years.
Well, it's rained, but not enough.
Just spits.
It just spits a little bit from the sky.
Just a little bit.
It comes out there's no gully washers, huh?
No.
We're not even a good drencher after a long period.
Well, yeah.
Well, sure.
It'll be floods next.
Now that my brother's had to sell old Bossy and old Bessie,
and he can't buy them back until it's after it's rained for a couple of years.
That might not ever happen because God's judgment has been visited
upon a Bob-rejecting, slackless world.
That's all there is to it.
I did my best for Christmas this year.
Seriously.
I gave ordainments.
I purchased.
I purchased subgenius ministerships for my two nephews and my two nieces.
They're in Stangville, Stang County, Texas.
Everybody who lives on Stang Ranch is now saved.
Well, this is what happened.
This is what was wrong with the Pope Papacy in the Middle Ages when...
Pope Pat Robertson?
Well, you know...
I think he ought to be offed.
He has very many suits, I guess, of many, many...
Starting to sound like him.
He has thousand-thousand-dollar suits and stuff and is involved in scamming.
He's involved in scandals that the Republic or whatever they call them,
the administration areas, parts of the Justice Department have overlooked
because, hey, he's a religious figure.
Now, Stang is a religious figure.
Not much of a figure to look at, but he still is a religious figurine
and should be accorded the same sort of judicial respect.
Perhaps a villa by the sea without any incongruent tax fairies
or plenty of money just dropping from the sky.
They call that unfortunate misbehavior.
But I think it's well deserved.
Because Pat Robertson is very undeserved by all of us.
That's what I believe.
Well, you know what I believe?
No.
I believe I'm having another frop stick and a bear.
Well, I think I'll reach for that same self, same thing myself.
No, kids, you know, those are false drugs and we wouldn't...
Well, not the frop stick, but the bear certainly would be.
And we would not encourage...
We would not encourage you to drink false drugs.
When the real thing is out there, you can have you a big old...
Just quaff some of that Bob Slack off of this radio show in this local station.
It's electromagnetic, just like the radio waves are.
It incorporates itself into your body in just a matter of moments.
Slack can be electromagnetic. It can be gravitational.
It can be glandular, my friend.
And that's when it's at its best.
And you can feel that spell in your third nostril as the wasting continues.
Oh, oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
By the way, the oh yeah guy thinks you owe him some money now.
I've been wondering about that.
I was wondering if the oh yeah guy had noticed that subgeniuses the world over had been, like, using the oh yeah chant in mashups and mixes and...
Oh no.
No, what happened?
He heard the tune.
He heard the tune that was on the hour of Slack a few weeks ago.
Wow, Norrell Preff did that.
Yeah.
And he, so he wants royalties.
I actually, I asked him first. I was kind of leading the witness, as it were.
I said, so, have you heard that they were using your voice in that music?
And he said, yeah, yeah.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, I heard it.
Now, why would anyone want to declare themself a monarch based on your...
Well, it's like, yeah, give us your address, buddy, and we'll come over and collect a whole lot of sperm and give you your...
Because that, you know, he is...
What's his name?
Masturbating Sean.
Masturbating Sean, yeah.
Oh, yes.
A regular caller.
What am I to call a serial caller?
Then I have his address.
If I was paying him the royalties which he's owed, which must be at least a penny and a half off what we make working at this radio station here.
Well, he couldn't even pay for the sperm sample for what he's expected.
I think it's a silly, silly idea on his part.
Well, I'm just thinking...
He should masturbate to himself.
Anybody who could, who is that into it has got to be a...
Yeah.
A fount, a veritable fount of buckets of life.
Think how many planets could be populated by just the amount that guy has spent while listening to this one show, much less all the other shows he calls.
If DNA is indeed information, just think of all the things you could think of by drinking it.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Dave, you know, sometimes your stream of consciousness...
This thing leads to the wrong streams...
I know.
...coming in and out of you.
I remember on KSAN, I mentioned menstrual fluids and click, the phone went click.
I remember one time you got so into it, you reached up and grabbed Princess Wee right on the chest as a part of a character you were doing.
Well, luckily it was her third breast because...
Yeah.
Otherwise you would have lost a hand.
Listen to that cackling witch.
Friends, you ever wonder where the hell she's at?
Where the legends of witches come from?
I still have three good things.
Witches are real.
There are actual witches.
And I don't mean Wiccans with, you know, folk singer type girls with black sweaters on.
I mean actual cackling insane.
More like the ones on the Warner Brothers cartoon shows that Bugs Bunny would have to deal with.
Did we memorize, as a youth, did you memorize the entire Macbeth thing, double doubles in your thing there?
Did you memorize it?
But of course, but of course.
That's pink witch stuff though.
They wouldn't tell you the very...
We knew that without even reading it.
And you can imagine a lot of cackling if you're a young child.
Well, yes. I mean it just kind of does come naturally.
Well, since we've crossed that space...
Girls, girls, girls. Yes, the church of the subgeniuses. It's not a boys club any longer. No, sir, ma'am.
It's full of all kinds of mutated, deeply strange, and yet lonely creatures.
Maybe they're the same species as you, but who cares? That's the point here.
Bob didn't say it had to be an earth woman, did it?
That's right. When you finally find a member of your own species, you'll find yourself saying to her,
Oh, sex with anyone else would be bestiality.
Oh, yes, yes, yes, friend.
And that's what you're expected to.
Your true yeti mate is out there somewhere. I hope that all the parts are on one body.
I think the idea of sexual loneliness, after you reach a certain level, you could probably instantly procreate yourself.
And you'd no longer feel lonesomeness.
You could just... That wouldn't be the same thing? Or would it?
Well, you know, trees are never lonely, and they can fertilize themselves.
Well, you'd like a kind of a warmer place.
You'd want something you could actually grapple. Perhaps maybe a third sex version of yourself. Or fourth.
That would even be better. Because you'd be twice as many ideas you forget.
And four times as many ways to make a fool of yourself at a singles bar.
Especially if you're wearing one of those fake beards and stuff like that.
I put it to any would-be sci-fi writer out there to actually come up with some mechanics about how a third or fourth sex would act.
And what the biological function of such a thing would be.
You know, we always hear about, you know, sci-fi creatures that have three sexes.
But they never explain what the third one is actually used for.
Yeah, they only allude to it. Like, oh, catch this idea. This is really a good idea.
I'd like to hear some specifics. It might not be appropriate to...
Well, you have. In some ancient Playboy articles, they did have the actual organs numbered in, you know, like in the Mayan codices and stuff.
Each one was like a jaguar this or something like that. And, um...
That may have been the fiction part of the science fiction, Dave.
Well, but can you imagine the Kama Sutra of such little creatures like...
Friends, we are writing it even now!
We are trying to write the Kama Sutra for the alien species and for any interactions that humans or subgeniuses...
Well, yeah, subgeniuses might have with them. I don't care what they do to the humans.
I'm more interested in what we get to do with the aliens.
The alien sex goddesses predicted by Bob.
We have no choice. That's the problem. I want more freedom in my freedom. Do you understand what I'm saying?
I hear you. That's what evolution is all about. There's always... You never have enough. Whatever it is, you always want more.
Hey, you got your freedom in my freedom!
But I don't have the alien vertebrae. And that's what I want.
Your idea is always... That's what you call conditional happiness.
Yeah.
Yeah. There's always something that's in the way of your happiness.
And once you have that thing, that synthesizer part, or that extra computer upgrade, or that raise, or that girlfriend, or that issue of Playboy...
Anybody have Playboy March 1965?
Anyway, if you... Then you'd be happy. Then you'd have slack. Then everything would be perfect.
But in the meantime, oh, I'm just... Oh, it's just unfair.
It's so unfair.
Even if you were Lunar Bodhisattva and could go around flying around the planet and pooping on various huge megalopolis...
Still, you would not be satisfied. The root... The root has not been burned.
The root? The root?
The root of all desire must be burned. The root is on fire.
Your seeds must be fried, baby.
Ah.
Your eggs must be poached.
Well, that's the way we do it here by the river.
I seed what you deed, buddy.
Down by the river. You shot your baby, didn't you?
Yes. In fact, I shot four of them.
That was a Mickey Mouse song, wasn't it?
It was like, down by the river.
Mickey Mouse as the Oye guy singing down by the river a la Mickey Mouse as Neil Young.
Man, that is postmodern.
That's twisted on top of a twister.
Speaking of twisting, the music in the background, well, currently, and a lot of the last few minutes was by...
Tom and Joe, the mysterious Tom and Joe. B.D. Borculo at AOL.com, I believe.
And we heard some instrumental music by the Hell Pope Huey.
That was the pretty sounding stuff in the background.
And also there was a little bit by Teen Demon.
He does music like I do, computer music that's really just stolen from other people's real music, but then, you know, remixed.
It's easy. Anybody, kids can do it. Little kids.
Well, how many fingers, speaking of manual dexterity, how many digits have you lost trying to find digits?
That's why I switched to computers instead of stop motion animation.
I lost too many fingers trying to make those metal ball and socket puppets.
Have you seen King Kong?
I can die now.
He walked through the window last night.
Yeah, oh, God, is he gorgeous or what?
With that broken tooth and his blackened tongue.
And Princess Wee is just smitten. Absolutely smitten.
We've watched the King Kong movie four times since the first day it came out.
And what do you want? You probably, all these kids and humans, they'll save their money up to go see the Narnia thing.
Because they like lions. They like lions and pussycats and Jesusly stuff.
And unicorns.
But just not a straight, straight ahead monster movie.
Have you ever seen a dinosaur pile up?
I say you have not, I dare say.
That's my review. That's my review.
Citizen Kong is a great film shot from three feet, every camera angle is from three feet above the ground.
And yet moving constantly.
You've got, you've just confused these characters in my mind to the point now where I'm seeing Orson Welles.
Orson Welles is a big hairy ape with a weird.
Well, he's been a dad for now.
And Mickey Mouse singing like Neil Young as the Oye guy.
And Jack Black kind of shot, Jack Black actually did a very funny King Kong theme song.
But he sang it on Saturday Night Live.
So I can't play it on the hour of slack because we stand somewhat a right against anything popular or successful or good.
And then the kids swam into the roadster palace.
I resemble that remark.
Yeah, well, live it or live with it, as the great Fireside Theater uttered.
Live it or live with it.
Yeah.
Hey, look, at least we don't quote them all the time.
At least we're not always quoting Monty Python or.
Hey, my new one is Terry Pratchett.
I've read ten Terry Pratchett books in the last two months or probably more than that.
Probably.
Yeah.
And then Reverend Chris Lee suddenly sent me this novel by Terry Pratchett called Mort.
And I thought, why would anybody send me this?
And maybe it's funny or something.
And I started reading it and went, it's funny.
And it's been Pratchett all the way down ever since.
That's right.
It has.
It's been Terry Pratchett books all the way down.
Philo's girlfriend said, oh, yeah, my dad gave me one of those when I was 14.
They're great reading if you're a kid.
So did her eyebrow like do the undulating snake thing as she told you that like.
Yeah.
Well, just a little bit.
She was trying to be polite.
You know, she didn't want me to feel like an idiot, like I was some kind of fanboy nerd
reading that silly kid stuff when I should have been reading.
I don't know something.
Something.
Phil, it's nonfiction, you know, philosophy.
Something more sophisticated.
Yes.
I think it was the bowling ball earrings causing her pain, which is why she gave it a look.
I don't know.
I've been I've been accosted by a lot of saxophone players lately.
Yeah.
And they're asking me the meaning of life.
Meaning of life.
What are you supposed to tell a guy like that?
You know.
Tell him that the meaning of life lays.
Tell him the awful truth.
The other end of Bob's pipe.
The part that you can't see.
The part that's hidden inside his lips.
That's.
Yeah.
Well, the answer is coming out of there because it's it's what he's smoking.
It's you, my friend.
Are you ready for the adventure of a lifetime?
Are you ready to throw yourself in a panther licking your brain to the metaphorical pipe?
Oh, yes.
You can see it in the distance.
J.R. Bob Dobbs.
You thought the fundamentalist Christians.
Were crazy.
You thought the fundamentalist Muslims were even crazier.
But now is your chance, my friends, to yourself become ten billion times crazier than any of
them.
Yes.
Your diamond.
I was made of my friends like that diamond crystal.
Yes.
Globe.
Someday.
Someday.
Use it as a pathway.
The fire exit.
If you will or won't.
It doesn't matter.
There is a way out.
There is a way out.
I wouldn't fail.
But there is a way out.
There has to be.
We need knee pads, man.
We need knee pads.
It looks like gyroscope so we can keep dictating.
And flying saucers and new computers and that March 1965 Playboy.
1965, man.
That was a critical year.
It was the early 50s.
No.
It was in the 90s.
And that's the one.
And it was her name.
What was her name?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I am.
I'm just not sure how that's going to end up.
It's not the end of the world.
I'm sorry.











That's not Dave, that's Muzak.
Don't you recognize Muzak when you hear it?
The elevator was glowing, man.
I have trouble following Dave.
Well, once you're in the elevator and you hear the elevator music,
and the elevator begins breathing, and the music begins breathing,
and you can't get out even though you're between the first and second floor.
It's the walls of the elevator that breathe, Dave.
Get this straight now.
I'm glad somebody knows what's going on.
In the old days, you used to have big levers, and there was a little thing on the top that said,
Captain's Blend, northwest, east, two knots, straight ahead, full backwards.
And you just pull one of those, and the top would explode.
And you'd be back in the nursery where you belong.
And friends, with that, we're going to go back to the nursery where we belong.
In fact, we're going to cut Dave off and ourselves,
and we're going to go back to London, England earlier in the year
to listen to Rewind.
Reverend Priest, finally explain what this is all about.
That's right, not Father Priest, Reverend Priest,
with a subgenius rant.
Dave, thank you for calling.
We're going to be locked inside the breathing plywood elevator?
Yeah, later on we will be, in fact.
But for now...
Should I listen to the message without massaging?
Yeah, we're going to have to go now.
Bye, Dave!
Let Reverend Priest explain everything.
And praise...
Dave, could...
That's...
What?
I don't want to leave a message.
What?
You said, us.
But...
I don't think I'm going to leave a message.
I'm just going to...
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Praise Bob! Hallelujah!
I am Reverend Priest of the Church of the Subgenius.
And I'm here tonight to tell you about our religion.
Ladies and gentlemen, brothers and sisters,
the Church of the Subgenius is dedicated to the religion of the subgenius.

It is dedicated to a threefold mission.
To the pursuit of slack.
To the unmasking of the conspiracy.
And to this man, J.R. Bob Dobbs.
Not some 2,000 year dead deity of yesterday,
but a living, breathing, smoking slack master salesman.
He's seen you buy your magazines.
He's seen you buy your newspapers, your books, and your educations.
And he knows you will pay to know what you really think.
So here's the deal.
Eternal salvation guaranteed or triple your money back.
For just £30 tonight, ladies and gentlemen,
you too can believe all this ironic postmodern crap that I am spouting tonight.
Opinion number one.
Yours for $30.
There exists a vast conspiracy that's taking over the world
whose main motivation is to rob the subgenius of their slack.
For money.
We know this.
They're doing it so that they can bottle and sell us false slack.
And most people are so slack starved they can't even tell the difference.
Brothers and sisters, in the church of the subgenius, we can tell the difference.
We know the conspiracy exists because Bob used to be one of the conspiracy higher-ups
until his conversion experience led him to start the church.
Do you want proof?
Do you want proof the conspiracy exists?
How about alarm clocks?
How about timesheets?
How about drug laws?
How about politics?
How about fashion, ladies and gentlemen?
You want more proof?
Think about Crazy Frog.
Ladies and gentlemen, brothers and sisters, television advertising actually works.
If we weren't so bad at it, we would be in charge of the world right now,
but the conspiracy has already taken our place.
The subgenius church has a mission.
To expose the conspiracy.
To expose their false prophets, their false slack, their false news, their false media,
false sex, false drugs, false music, false art, false fashion, and false religion.
And of course, that includes our own religion.
We in the church of the subgenius expose ourselves.
Opinion number two.
Yours also for $30.
The world ends tomorrow and you may die.
Bob has profited, prophesized, that the aliens will come and destroy this world
and take off the subgenius to bliss in the stars while killing all of those non-believers.
And this will happen at 7am on the 5th of July, 1998.
Okay, I can see some of you think 1998 is a bit too early.

1998 is already gone.
You underestimate the power of the global conspiracy to confuse and bewilder us.
We have uncovered proof that the conspiracy has changed the calendar.
Oh, they call it daylight savings time.
They call it leap years.
They call it leap seconds and the Gregorian adjustment.
But no, they have screwed with the calendar so much, we don't even know what year it is, brothers and sisters.
Yes, believe me, the aliens are coming.
They will be here any day.
They're on their way.
They'll be here any day.
Just a quick earth raid.
To kill those who haven't paid.
Just wait till this July.
I'm going to put you into the sky.
Meet my alien love goddess.
In a short red see-through dress.
Cause I need her here.
Take me away from here.
Let the humans scream.
I'm floating in a dream.
High above the flames.
Plain sex abhorrence.
With the same kind of good guides.
Wait till this July.
I'll rupture into the sky.
Meet my alien love goddess.
In a short red see-through dress
Cause I need a hair
They'll soon be here
Praise Bob in time
Earth's destruction will be mine
In my alien sweet embrace
We'll seal the fate of the human race
It's time to make up your mind
Are you saved or are you fried?
Will you pay your dues?
Or are you alien food?
Will you join us now?
Will you join us now?
Will you join us now?
Only Bob can show you how
Only Bob can show you how
Will you join us now?
Will you join us now?
Onion number three!
Yours for just $30 if you sign up with Bob tonight!
Reverend Priest,
you're listening to the
Hour of Slack.
If you would like more information
on the Church of the Subgenius,
write to them at
P.O. Box
181-417
Cleveland Heights,
Ohio 44118
or visit them online at
www.subgenius.org







TheLargestCityOfTheWesternWorld.
A city of 319 men, women, and children.
As many as in Paris, Berlin, and London combined.
Pulsing and throbbing with a great homo area.
It is an area that shelters 11 fairies.
There are seven every business day.
And there are three out of towns.
So it is.
In the city.
Or in reality, Cleveland.
Ha ha.
Sirius Crossroads.
Eddie speaking.
Eddie, Samuel Curtis.
I just landed.
I know.
We saw.
It was great.
Can you dig me out and set me up for a flight?
Sure.
Could you bring the cat?
Yeah, I got him.
His name's Monkey Puss.
I want to name him Oscar.
That wasn't so bad, was it, Monkey?
Eddie, you got something for me, right?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, I'll be in in a bit.
Okay, goodbye.
Bye-bye.
Beep.
