
🎵 Life Drop by the Fantastic Bag 🎵
🎵 Well, welcome to the Hour of Slack 🎵
🎵 Brady, Bob, Gold, and Connie drag 🎵
🎵 Yes, welcome to the Hour of Slack 🎵
🎵 La la la la la la la 🎵
🎵 La la la Hour of Slack 🎵
The Steaming Sack of Slack Part 5
🎵
He has to be stopped.
We've always done things our way.
Now he wants to come along and change things for the people.
Change is trouble.
We know what's best for the people of Arkansas.
Everything was going along just fine.
And now Bob comes along and wants to rock the boat.
Bob has to be stopped.
Return government to the people.
Bob for Lieutenant Governor.
To be continued 🎵
For more information visit subgenius.com
💯
🥳 utilizado por Turnooll verbose 🥳
😉



🥳
😉
🥳
🥳
😉
😉
Make the pain just go away
Every time that your head aches
No more tension, no more stress
A life of ease, more or less
As a matter of fact
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
As a matter of fact
Give me slack
Make the pain just go away
Every time that your head aches
No more tension, no more stress
A life of ease, more or less
As a matter of fact
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Give me slack
Make the pain just go away
Every time that your head aches
No more tension, no more stress
A life of ease, more or less
As a matter of fact
Give me slack
Give me slack
As a matter of fact
Give me slack
Give me slack
As a matter of fact
Give me slack

As a matter of fact
Give me slack
As a matter of fact
Give me slack
I like the bees more or less
One, two, three, four
Jesus isn't getting
A bunch more

Free publicity from us again this year
Wash away your pathetic social conditioning
And stare into the wise face of Dobbs
If you aren't
Keep yaed in your trap
From Micendubbs
You should start getting
A bunch of late-night





And the
ốc
You—






Night
Sex
Bo—

Sub
estruct
With
For me
ights
I'm hoping when I wake up all you people will be gone.
But I don't have a chain, I'm always in a loop.
Lock, lock, lock, lock, lock, lock.
If space is one, it goes in a way.
A lock that's shining the dark.
If time is the one that looks friendly.
But so does the way that's sharp.
But, but, but, but, don't ever change.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but.
If there is one with a firelight that shines on the comfort.
That glitters and gleams in the twilight.
It clearly goes right.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but.
He's gone
But he'll never change
He's gone
Always will be
He's gone
He's fine as the one with the double
That rings on the most like a rhyme
He's naked as the one with the bottle
In a family full of pride
He's gone
But he'll never change
He's gone
Always will be
He's gone
He's gone
He's gone
He's gone
Make a thing name
Run
He's gone
He's gone
He's gone
He's gone
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.

This is the Evolutionary Band.
May your records be unbroken, by and by, by and by, upon the
surface near your�
Restoration Pond going on.
Our water is pulling toward EOR.
I got Bob in the sky.
Well, I played the Beastie B.P. one bright and sunny day.
When I finished listening to it, I put on some Q&A.
My turntable started jumping.
What it did I know not how.
Oh, yeah, Bob knows how I cried.
Oh, well, I got Bob in the sky.
And it scratched my duty now.
You can sing it.
May your records be unbroken by and by, by, by and by.
There's a vinyl heaven waiting in the sky, Bob in the sky.
Well, I bought a cello.
I got a second copy.
Listened through red-eye express.
When my girlfriend came on to me, she started taking off her dress.
Oh, yes, with come hither, I she called me in a sweet and sultry voice.
I just told her, you gotta wait now, girl.
I'm listening to Freedom of Choice.
Oh, come on.
May your records be unbroken by and by, by, by and by.
There's a vinyl heaven waiting in the sky.
Bob in the sky.
...

...
...
...
...
...



guitar solo
Well, I know I've been a sinner
Gave my life that evil twist
Gotta say I ain't no Christian child
Cause I'm a new traditionalist
When I hear that truth evolving
Oh no, I never stop
Cause my heart is
Never gladder
Than when I shout that name above
God, may your records
Be unbroken
By and by, by, by and by
There's a vital heaven waiting
In the sky, Bobby, in the sky
Now I know I ain't no young'un
One day I'm gonna be old
Got that total evil feeling
And now it can't be told
But I got my high five
Got my jukebox
Got my albums in my lap
Should I ever
Lose my way now, Bobby?
Well, I got smooth noodle maps
Oh, hey, may your records
Be unbroken
By and by, by, by and by
There's a vital heaven waiting
In the sky, Bobby, in the sky
One more time
May your records
Be unbroken
By and by, by, by and by
There's something
For everybody
Yeah!
Yeah!



In the sky, Bobby
In the sky
Ooh, yeah
All right.
Peace.
And dear friends, that was our good friend, Reverend Andrew Genus with the Mutant Mountain Boys, recorded last X Day Drill, a song, May Your Records Be Unbroken.
I don't mean to be sexist, but she is as beautiful looking as she sounds.
That is so true.
Understatement.
We heard PR News by Leemur.
We heard a song called Pink Boys by, I guess it's pronounced Jerry Faison.
It sounds like a French name.
Jerry Faison or Jerry Faison.
Anyway, before that, Dr. Hal Robbins' classic song, He's Bob, redone by Reverend Weaver.
Wilhelm Stahlhelm, a serious remix there.
Before that, another Dobbs Barrage by the Psychoskeletons.
That's the actual title.
Before that, a little piece of Bob music by The Large out of Finland.
And the song Give Me Slack was by Max Slack, who sent us a whole album's worth of songs around 2008.
They were all played on.
It showed and then kind of disappeared until recently.
So we're assembling albums.
Stinking Sack of Slack, Near the Beginning was by Reverend Duet, if I'm saying that right.
And the title song was by the El Queso All Stars, wherever and however they may be these days.
I've wondered about them a lot.
And I have a little rant here.
Actually, I have two or three rants.
I have two or three rants to read that I collected off of Scrub, or which were censored off of Scrub Genius Forum on the Internet.
Well, the one by me was censored by me, if I get around to it.
But there's a nice rant here called Slack Is by Reverend Dr. Shawgoth.
Whoever he or it is, I don't know that person, I don't think.
Although technically, I could look him up and find their human street.
Name and home address and possibly even credit card numbers.
Does that scare you, friends?
It should.
But you shouldn't be scared by Slack.
Slack is, and this is a minor rant in a minor, I suppose.
Slack is the feeling of walking in your favorite shoes.
Slack is the secret grace in idle times.
Slack is the knowledge that 7-Elevens are our cathedrals.
And smokes and a big gulp are our bread and wine.
TV killed the radio star over Slack.
I shot Liberty Valance because he told me it would give him slack.
I hope it did.
I accept no blame.
Slack is the feeling when your deadbeat neighbors actually pay you back a ten buck.
And you're not even paying the tax they owe you.
Slack is what you feel when you steal from work and cheat on your taxes.
Slack is when you find an extra twenty in your pants on a day you're broke and just need twenty bucks worth of froth.
Slack is the fact that 9-11 was art.
Slack is Bud Dwyer.
Slack is the fact that 9-11 was art.
Slack is knowing you're the pinnacle of creation.
Slack is being able to live off nothing but the boogers you pick.
Slack is customer rewards cards that actually give you something like a free hot dog instead of fake discounts.
Slack is bosoms.
Slack is peni.
Slack is special holes and butt flaps.
Slack is an uncomfortably sexy clown.
Slack is dreaming you're broke and waking up remembering you have more wealth than any millionaire because you have slack.
Slack is nothing more and nothing less than slack.
Nice.
That was, again, that was by Reverend Dr. Shawgoth.
I hope he's not really a Shawgoth.
That would spell the end of our reality eventually.
It's probably just a name.
Nice, clever name.
Anyway, here's another rant.
Easter is Freedom Day.
This is our Easter rant.
It was posted, I think, yesterday by Reverend Biggerstaff, which is a new name to me.
I don't know.
It's a nice British Isles kind of name.
Biggerstaff.
Mm-hmm.
And people who aren't listening closely might be offended.
But if you listen the right way, you'll realize this is all good.
Having been wished a happy Easter enough times to make me want to puke, I've decided to be a little more proactive and begin wishing people Happy Freedom Day instead.
You see, about 2,000 years ago, a dirty subversive named Jesus was conspiring to commit acts of terrorism against both church and state.
Making no attempt to hide his anti-government message, this self-appointed Christ went from town to town proactively encouraging public dissent.
A man of little tolerance for other religions and quick to point out the petty shortcomings of others, he was frequently spotted in the company of prophets.

His
turning around.
His
turning around.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. STATING
STATES
STATES
STATES
to believe that he had another very powerful but hidden accomplice.
Stories of this powerful but unseen ally
bringing horrific retribution to anyone that stood in the way of Jesus
began to spread.
Soon the people were bound by a climate of fear.
They were completely powerless against the terrorist Jesus.
Luckily, conservative forces within the government
were not afraid to act.
After just a little political wrangling,
Jesus was captured, tried, and executed for his crimes.
Thank God!
Thanks to all those brave centurions
and thanks to the courage and determination of the conservative party.
Now, at last, we're finally free.
Free from traitors and terrorists.
Free from dissension.
Free from the fear of gangs
and retribution from untouchable gang leaders.
Free. Free at last.
Thank God Almighty.
We're free at last.
So, happy Freedom Day, friends.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, by Dr. Reverend Biggerstaff.
The good Reverend Biggerstaff.
Or he might be a bad reverend.
With a name like that, he might be real bad.
But see, friends, don't you get it?
Everything's backwards now.
It's all reversed.
You just haven't noticed yet
because you've been brainwashed
by all that history book reading and world traveling.
Because today, it's the gay bullies
who are in the vast majority in this country
who pick on poor defenseless minority loners,
such as the nice Christian boys and girls
who have no support group.
These queer bullies
and their leftist commie PETA member servants
beat the Christians up,
drive them to suicide,
drag them behind trucks,
out them on the internet,
and want to take the phrase under God
back out of the Pledge of Allegiance.
Leftist perverts totally control all media,
especially the most popular,
popular radio talk show,
news networks,
and TV punditry.
And worst of all,
the socialist state forces innocents
to perform disgusting abominations
such as baking sick Adam and Steve wedding cakes
instead of inspiring Adam and Eve wedding cakes.
It is so incredibly unfair
being a white male Christian in these United States,
this hotbed of witches and Stalinists,
and the
most corrupt and corrupt people in the world.
And I'm not saying that we should all be
on horses and ride west.
That will show those liberal elites.
Now, what is this button over here?
What's going on here?
I don't know.
What is happening?
What's happening over there?
Okay.
I thought it was...
I saw a little buzz,
a little light over there.
I thought it might be, you know.
Yes, I thought it might be, you know, too.
That cowboy.
That lone, lonesome, lonesome cowboy.
But in the meantime,
we'll just listen to this sailor jig here.
Sailor music from the country of Mocha.
The ancestral Mogians used to dance to this kind of music.
How about that?
Traditional Mogian tune.
Yeah, the ancestral Mogians.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, dear friends.
What?
I did the credits.
I did the three rants.
I do have another song here I could put on.
Another song?
Yeah, I think I will.
I will.
I will.






Fat Mandy.
I love Fat Mandy.
Converted her song,
the Gandhi Shake,
to the Bob Dobbs Shake.
And I believe this is a version that was recorded
in lovely...
Well, let's see.
First, I have to stop this,
put this thing on track.
What is it, nine?
We should hear the dulcet tones
of P-H-A-T, Fat Mandy.

Bob Dobbs lives and Bob Dobbs breathes.
But only if you so believe.
You don't deserve.
You were a saint.
Well, a tent is and you just ain't.
Bob Dobbs is all I'm fighting for.
He's living in our big hotel.
Don't tell a soul, alive or dead.
It might be a lie, but it's a lie.
So, τις' mind dog as bad as Mr. Demysik.
And I'm just gonna shake you.
Shake, shake, shake.
Bob dobbs shake, brought up.
Shake, shake, Bob Dobbs shake.
You do the shake, shake, shake.
Wait, ropes' comp.
Shake, shake, shake, recommend shake.
You do the shake, shake, shake.
Sheikh, shake, shake.
Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake!
Brisbaneco Bob Dobbs.
Brisbaneco Bob Dobbs.
Super Bob Dobbs.
He sweep so совершtee.
Brisbaneco Bob Dobbs.
Brisbaneco Bob Dobbs.
Brisbaneco Bob Dobbs.
Shushi.
And that was Fat Mandy.
And this should be Lonesome Cowboy Dave.
Yes, we just passed the 30 minute mark.
I think it's a Lonesome Cowboy Dave imitator who's playing a trick on us.
Really? Like an able-fueled trick?
Yeah, because they could hear us waiting for Dave, so they took advantage and they called the number.
And this guy's, it's probably the large...
Doing his best Dave imitation.
Yeah, Reverend Angry Lonesome Cowboy Larry.
What Dave, huh?
I just said I was not a very important person. I'm an infinite potato.
I'm a sack of spud.
No, no, no, no, no.
Take a creepy nuggin.
Your mind's all screwed up, see?
No, I'm sorry.
Well, yeah, that's okay.
It's supposed to be that way. Bob's not finished with me yet.
Mm-hmm.
Oh!
It's just funny. We're screening devices.
Oh.
Well, as long as your socks fit, you know, and you feel free as a bird, what else you got to worry about in this world, you know?
Yeah, we got nothing to worry about.
Not a thing.
Yeah, right.
When the saucers come, our cups are going to be ready.
Yeah, or they'll be running a thing over, all over our pants.
No, well, yeah.
Cups.
Hey, since we're recording this broadcast on Easter Sunday, how was, did you find any Easter eggs or secret messages?
I found a bunch of secret messages scripted in the sky, sigils of an abstinence.
I was told.
So God planted Easter eggs in his mighty program that we call reality.
If you can hack into it, you can find those Easter eggs.
They're just fan, you know, little tips of the hat for the fans.
Inside jokes and stuff.
You get a free Mario Brothers hat for your character if you crack the reality code.
Since God is now in league with Nintendo.
Yeah.
Well, what do you think of the name?
One of the holy names of God is in Nintendo.
He's just Nintendo or any, uh, oh, what's it's like some sort of Catholic religion of the East.
We're like dollars or something like that.
And as we read here in the book of Nintendo, the prophet Mario came forth and he did battle with the donkey Kong and other demons of the abyss.
Only to then.
Then find his lost brother.
How come their last name is Mario Brothers and the guy's first name is Mario?
Okay.
We've covered that.
There's no answer.
I believe the Japanese designers said that is a mystery that will remain to the end of time.
Uh-huh.
Ha ha.
Stupid.
It would be the same as if some European designers came up with the Suzuki Suzuki method.
It's just like the city is so nice.
They named it twice.
Was that, uh, San Paolo, Brazil?
Well, or the La Brea Tar Pits since La Brea means the tar pits, the tar pit tar pits or Pikachu Peak, which means peak peak in Arizona.
I suppose somewhere there's somebody has named something the ocean sea.
Oh, that was Christopher.
Yeah, that was Christopher Cullen.
Yeah.
The famed, uh, you know, extropologgrapher.
Yeah.
Geographist.
Christopher Cullen?
The man who explored the back entryways of the, of the entrance to the hollow earth?
Yeah, of course.
The Arnie Sotnesium of colonoscopy?
Yeah, yeah, that's, yeah, that's the guy.
Yeah.
He was, uh, let's see, he was, uh, absconded in, uh, 1492.
Oh, you're thinking of Christopher Columbo.
That's different.
Also called Cristobal Cologne.
Oh, right.
Cologne.
Which is, you know, an easy pronunciation if you're trying to make yourself laugh when all you can do is cry.
Well, we can bitterly gripe about how he discovered the, uh, ways, the fastest way to torture Indians.
But that isn't this holiday.
This was Easter holiday.
Of course, by the time most of our listeners hear this, it'll be thankfully long past.
They'll, if at best, they'll still have belly aches from eating too much candy.
Yeah, the bunnies will be stinking.
And there'll be snot, slot, slot-laden bags everywhere around the house.
And most of the kids, you know, have already gone to sleep already.
In the bosom of, uh, Morpheus.
Or something like that, right?
Never mind.
Yeah, Morpheus.
He's the guy with the red pill and the blue pill.
And the purple pill.
And little Nemo.
Yeah, I know, I know all about that.
I read all my comic books.
Ever since the turn of the pre-war era.
Slumberland?
Huh?
Were you a lover of Little Nemo and Slumberland?
Uh, I, I, I'm more of a jilted lover of Little Nemo.
He was kind of too young for me, and he was a little boy.
So, yeah.
No wonder he left you.
However, I had a big crush on Windsor McKay, the guy who drew Little Nemo and Slumberland.
And didn't exactly invent comic books and cartoon animation as we know them.
But he was one of the first.
The first that was really good at it.
And proved that you could do great stuff that will last the ages.
Kids, if you're not familiar with Windsor McKay, check it out.
Don't be fooled by the imitation Little Nemos and Slumberland that are around.
Although, they're not bad.
We picked up some of those for our grandchildren.
Yes.
And the artists were trying really hard to duplicate that psychedelic style.
Truly great.
And I think it's a good example for them to chew, though, you know?
At that age, thinking of some kind of ubermatch, you know?
From the demonic mind to control people.
Oh, those comic books will give you, they'll give you nightmares as bad as, I don't know,
a rare bit.
Well, yeah.
I think of Lovecraft.
He was a, wasn't he some sort of infidel or, I don't know.
H.P., the writer H.P. Lovecraft, inventor of the Cthulhu mythos?
Right.
Or discoverer, I should say.
Because a lot of people believe that he was a prophet of Cthulhu and the flying spaghetti monster.
Of course, we recognize these as primitive superstitions.
Really?
Quaint and interesting and certainly of interest to anthropologists and people who study pathetic,
run-down, beat-up cultures.
Good for nothing nobodies.
Yep.
So, yeah.
But unlike us.
With our superior culture of fairy tale religions.
And our razor-sharp intellect.
Like Paul Bunyan.
We can pick apart flaws and attend to little gratuity.
Never mind, the seminary is closed now.
Well, we, you know, we can, we have more sophisticated gods.
Paul Bunyan.
Bob Dobbs.
You know, we're not, people can't be satisfied with these.
We can't be satisfied with these.
Primitive superstitions.
Well, some people have said that Paul Bunyan's great blue-ox babe is actually an incarnation of the Brahma bull.
The bull of Brahma.
Right.
The third night of Prawaya, which in the Hindu religion means when all the relaxation is going on.
People are in the hot tub.
That's at least until Tuesday.
And then they have to change their whole way of thinking again.
And it requires another hipterdoctor.
Well, and Paul Bunyan himself was the reincarnation of the Hindu god or goddess Kali, the destroyer.
With his mighty axe and his seven other arms.
All holding jackknives and switchblades and bowie knives and things.
Axes.
Yeah, key-openers.
Yeah.
Car keys.
But Bob is the one.
Is the one true Huguenot.
Is that the right phrase?
The one true Huguenot?
The lunch me Huguenot?
Is that the same character?
No, the Huguenots were the French resistance against the Popish Catholics of.
Oh, the Popish Catholics.
Yeah, the especially Popish Catholics.
The papist Popish Catholics of France.
France.
And under Louis the.
Cator.
Cator.
14th.
Yeah, he burned a lot of Huguenots and made them into galley slaves and stuff.
Yeah, they did.
I mean, that was, they were what we would call Protestants.
And back in them days, why it was Catholics versus Protestants.
Just like they had in there in Ireland.
They had them in France too.
And the Catholics won.
They usually did because there was more of them than there were what we might call freethinkers or even mere Lutherans.
I don't know, man.
It was complicated bunch of stuff.
Luckily in the Church of the subgenius, we just have the rewardians and the emergentiles and there's no competition.
The emergentiles win by default because they're the only ones who are trying to get anything done whatsoever.
And then the.
Even if they fail, they win.
What happens to the disgruntled?
Well, there's no room in the church for the disgruntled.
If you're not gruntled.
We don't want you.
You might as well go join some other silly religion.
You know, I was worried about that because gruntles are mounting up.
I find vast gruntleds are in disfavor with practically everything I've encountered in my local mail service and my Internet too.
And I think it's because of the corruptigation caused by these various psychic elements that try, you know, just like a demon would.
They work their way up.
They work their way into a system and then become the system.
So I'm living with these little demons that I call computers and stuff like that.
And I can't do anything with them other than, well, you can't kill a demon.
You can only make it go away and go into something else.
At least that's what I was told.
But Huguenots told me that when they were Dalek slaves.
Well, they weren't very good with them.
They were no better with computers than you, Dave.
And that's not saying very much.
No offense, you idiot.
Well, I try.
I'm not, you know, I'm.
Well, I'm a bit of a Luddite, of course.
Of course.
It's from all that lead you've been eating.
If you'd quit, if you'd lay off the lead for a little while, maybe you'd be able to work one of these damn machines.
They're not that different from horses.
You just have to kick them, whip on them, you know, show them who's boss.
Yeah.
But have you ever had Ludd pudding on an Easter morning?
There is nothing like that in the world.
Oh, no.
Having your head shaved.
I have been kicked in the head by a computer.
Yeah.
I've been bucked and thrown by a computer.
Luckily, I landed in the computer manure instead of the cactus patch.
But it's about the same as horses.
Still sounds painful.
Computer's nothing but a glorified hammer, and you shouldn't be afraid of it.
No, I mean, it is.
It's a tool.
It's just an extension of your hands and eyes and ears.
And, you know, that's all.
It's just another machine, a tool.
It's a damn tool.
How are you saying that?
I've been using it to pound nails.
It's a good thing.
Right.
Exactly.
Why not?
I've put it in photographs and arguments.
You could be doing computer animation if you choose to use your computer as a literal
hammer.
Well, it's still getting used.
Yeah, I keep on thinking of the hammer of Zeus, the hammer of Thor, and all these other
nativist gods.
Just like in all the books that we fail to read.
The pipe of Dobbs.
The ball of peen hammer of Dobbs.


Yeah.
Most importantly, of course.
I mean, I've tried to use Bob's hammer as a pipe for many years now, and I found nothing
but frustration.
And I think that's the way it was intended.
He kept pulling on that little ball peen hammer going, this thing is clogged.
I'll just try sucking harder.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what happens when parts of your brain are decaying.
Parts of your brain are decanted?
Did you see you decanted?










Yeah.
You're able to ... Could you spare some of that decanted brain?
Of course, I got it for sale, baby.
I mean, I'm not giving it away.
What do you think, I'm crazy?
This stuff's worth some dough.
Well, yeah.
Real-life Dave brain?
Mm.
Mm-hmm.
Isn't that an album?
Wasn't that an old album that we did?
Real-life Dave brain?
Yeah.
Something like Escape of the Dave Brain, Escape from the Dave Brain, Son of ... I can't remember.
Son of the Dave Brain.








Well, you're trying to make it like some vast erstwhile blob figure that devours everything
and just kind of keeps slopping along.
That was it.
The blob meets ... Yeah.
Son of the blob meets the Dave brain.
And they had babies at the end.
They were just like little cute blob ... It was a comedy movie more.
It was more of a takeoff on B movies.
Well, the original had Lucille Ball playing the head mommy.
And Ricky Arnaz is ...

Ricky Arnaz is the banker.
He would come by and have relationships with various women he didn't want to talk to anymore.
And he made a lot of money that way and started a Cuban band.
I think they called them the Marimbas or something.
But how would I know?
The Marimbas.
It was that.
Made a clickety clacky kinky sound.
There's more of that ancestral Moguian music.








There's a lot of music in the background.
Some anthropologists recorded the Moguians before they were all wiped out by the monsters.
The tidal waves.
Monster Island.
Oh, man.
That sounds sad.
I mean, if we're getting topical now and talking about things that are happening in our world,
the sacrifice of those poor, poor people at the hands of the Moguians.
Is that what you said?
I'm not sure if I ...
Well, the bird-worshiping Moguians wiped out the lizard-worshiping Moguians was the problem.
And next thing you knew, the birds took over and then there were no Moguians whatsoever.
So they blew it.
The lizards be keeping the bird population down by eating their eggs.
So that's what happens when people interfere with this stuff.
We try to teach them science, the forbidden sciences, as well as ...
Yeah.
The accepted sciences.
But they'd rather watch YouTubes of each other.
Upsetting the balance all the way.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And this is a time, more than any other time, especially when the Earth is ready to spin
off its axis and plow into ...
What?
Again?
What?
Again.
We just did that.
The odd time this week, man, that this could be the one that we have to worry about.
Are we going to end up back on what we used to call Mars?
Yeah.

We're going to have to switch planets yet again.
If it spins off of its axis, is it going to collide with the horse's asteroid?
That happened in that Ben-Hur space movie.
We were both supposed to say, nay, nay, nay, nay real quickly like that.
Okay.
Nay.
There we go.
Okay.
There was scissor space.
We can insert that cut.
The meteorite is coming.


The music in the background might suddenly change.
It didn't work.
Watch it a little bit more.
Oh, man.
But there must be slack.
Somewhere there must be slack, Dave.
Somewhere.
Somewhere.
Did you look under the bed?
Did you look in your car?
Maybe you left it in the car.
Could it be in the glove compartment?
Maybe it fell and got kicked under the seat.






Where is the slack?
Where is the navel of the universe?
And it's not DNA level C as we've said so many times before.
Where is the true navel of the universe?
It's belief.
That would be where the umbilical cord brought food into the fetus planet.
So you would look for something like the nozzle on a bike tire.
Someplace where there was an insert point.
Where you just...
could be pumped up.
Where is the Earth's belly button, friend?
Skull Island?
Sunk beneath the waves?
Atlantis?
The great crystal of Atlantis
used to plug the belly button of Gaia?
Mrs. Gaia?
Whatever happened to Mr. Gaia
and the little Gaia years?
Yeah, really, we don't much care about that.
All we do is care about
the preternatural navel of Gaia.
We don't care about Pappy.
You know why?
Because Gaia has bosoms.
That's why everybody likes bosoms.
Everybody likes boobs.
Because it sounds like Bob.
It's just an extra zero in it.
Or an O, I mean.
That's different.
Slightly.
I didn't know you were going down that trail.
I thought you were, you know,
going to describe the area,
the regional zones,
and the different conflicting administrations
and interagency groups and departments
that all rely on the navel of Gaia
for their nourishment.
Yeah, they're also saying
don't mess with Mother Nature,
Mother Earth.
What about,
what about Pappy Earth?
What about old Grandpa Earth?
You know, that's what I meant.
That's what I'm saying.
Men are just being kicked around.
They're an abused minority
because the feminazis of color
are just abusing the poor, innocent,
put-upon, overweight, white males
of Christian descent.
It's just shameful the way
that people, nice old wasps like me,
just get bullied so terribly.
They're just tough, tough gay fairies.
They hurt my feelings.
They made me feel not like a first-class citizen.
And Christians are persecuted.
You're always the first class, you know what?
And don't worry about it.
Don't cry.
You're getting drool all over my shoes.
They pick on us big, tough men.
Don't worry.
They pick on us big, weak men.
They're sissies.
And, and,
and minorities, religions, and, and peoples,
they pick on us poor, poor, poor, innocent...
honky dudes.
I'm Bradley.
They make fun of us rednecks, too.
Have you noticed the elites?
They make fun of us rednecks.
They just think we're like second-class citizens.
They think we're ignorant
just because we don't know nothing.
They think we just don't know nothing.
They think we're just a bunch of idiots.

Just because we don't know nothing.
I hate stimulates and science, science peoples
and their silly, psps, psss, knowledges and stuff.
I hates that.
It's just, it's oppressing me.
That's a salt.
I just don't...
When they make me feel stupid,
that's a salt!
That's a salt!
I thought that was nitrous oxide.
I had no idea that was a sulfite.
Er...
Anyway, how could people need the navel for nourishment?
Wouldn't they need the bosom of Gaia?
No, first you need the belly button hose.
Then when you come out, you need the bosom.
When you're in the earth, you no longer need to be directly influenced by the earth's currents.
Once you emerge from the earth, just like the San Hopus Indians out in the many areas of Arizona and stuff,
when they climbed out from the belly of Mother Earth, then they had to get a job.
They had to feed themselves, and that's why there are so few Sanskrits left in the...
Well, what you do is you get a job sucking the milk of Mother Earth, which we know as oil and gas.
These lactating areas of the planet can eventually be drained completely dry.
We can also do that with all of the underground.
Underground water as well.
And eventually, once it's all in our bellies or burned up in our atmosphere,
then we just move on to the next planet, as Bob dictated in his mighty wisdom.
Because, you know, there's useful planets everywhere.
They have some kind of air.
Sure they do.
They have some kind of gravity.
Some of them have tons more gravity than we have here.
Wouldn't that be nice to have?
Extra gravity.
Yeah.
I don't know what's wrong.
Why don't we just desalinate?
Why does the liberals conspiracy be talking about having to run it out of water?
Why don't we just desalinate the ocean?
There's a whole ocean out there.
We're just desalinating plants.
That's all they need.
They just make...
They're stupid.
They're just stupid because they don't make the desalinating plants.
Anybody can do that.
It's easy.
It's easy.
They're just stupid.
Why don't they ever think of anything smart?
What's wrong with these people?
They're below a subgenius.
They're below the primates.
Wait.
We're primates.
Well, anyway, they're terrible.
Well, that's one thing we share in common.
We all hate primates.
If it wasn't for those damn primates, we'd be walking around on four legs instead of six and we'd be talking to butterflies.
We'd learn how...
We'd talk about cabbages and different vegetables and fruits and stuff like that.
Man, we would...
It would be like the beginning of a new epic or a new era.
And we would...
I don't know if we'd consecrate the earth with our sweat and blood and urine,
but of course we'd probably provide some kind of moisture because that's the kind of guys we are.
And you know that Dobbs is going to do something like that.
Bob Dobbs was made for such a task.
Although I can't really recollect what the task was, I know that he's capable.
He's going to do it, whatever it is.
Well, he may not do it, but he's going to do something.
And that's all that matters because it's Bob.
If it's Bob, it doesn't matter what he does.
As long as he's doing something.
Even if he just sits there smoking on that pipe of his, grinning like some kind of a card shark that knows something you don't know.
Or he wants you to think he knows something you don't know.
Or you've shaken it upon yourself to decide that he looks like he's trying to look like he knows something you don't know.
But really, he's not trying at all.
That's all on you.
You're the one that decided that.
He's not deciding anything.
He's just letting things happen.
Because no matter what he does, whatever he lets happen is going to happen in his favor.
That's just the way it is.
It's just a coincidence that never ends.
For Bob, that doesn't work that way for every subgenius.
I've known a few that thought they were going to be like Bob.
Remember Pope David Black?
I'm the luckiest man in the world.
All right.
I don't think so.
When you decide that you're equal to J.R. Bob Dobbs, my friend, then you just put up a challenge to the universe.
That sooner or later, that universe is going to slap you back in just the way that's going to make the most people laugh at your sorry butt.
It's a form of comedic karma.
It's watching yourself slip backwards in the bathtub and strike your head and die while everyone is, instead of helping you, they're laughing.
Like, blah.
Look at the idiot fell down and struck his head in the bathtub.
It's one of those super silly as afternoons where you just warm your feet and drink hot cocoa and think of the next thing that's going to happen.
And it just doesn't.
It just doesn't.
You know, that description of slack makes me want to quit what I'm doing now and go home and just soak my feet and soak my head and soak my tub.
I have a tub that needs to be softened.
I'll soak.
I'll soak the tub first.
Then I'll put water in it and then I'll get in the tub and everything will be soft, soft, soft.
Slack.
No jagged edges.
Slack.
It would sure beat doing this radio show.
I wish the incoming host would show up.
Because if he doesn't, I'm just going to have to put on puzzling evidence and walk away.
But then again, if we think of today as being Easter day and you think about a pathetic interloper like Dr. Smalls
and some of the other people in the world, I'm going to have to put on puzzling evidence and walk away.
I'm going to have to put on puzzling evidence and walk away.
People that have been arguing downstairs, you know, and causing trouble with the police.
These are the very same people you must extricate like a bad wisdom tooth.
Those fannies and disarmed robots from your immediate family.
You have to throw them out.
You have to say, look, here's the door.
Then you point out the window or some other part of the house until they understand what's really going on.
And you don't.
You squeeze that part of the house like it's a big pimple and just squeeze that pus.
out that unwanted those unwanted guests like pus out of a big old pimple just get that stuff out
of your life for friends it's an abscess it's a form of spiritual abscess and you fill the void
why you fill it with bob because same thing that's in that void it's the same thing that
bob's full of same thing it's in his head nothing and everything my friend but you know dave
i don't know if you have a clock or a watch or a sundial or something but this show is basically
over and i have to say that that some few people have been listening to the hour of slack from the
church of the subgenius broadcast from wcsb at cleveland state university and if they want to
know more which after this hour i seriously doubt they could check subgenius.com yes if they were
interested they could do that we can't
make them do it i have the original porky pitch from the 1930s or daffy ducks from the 1930s
hang on to them not literally of course because most of you are shredded anyway most of you people
out there you're in the wastebasket that's what you're looking more of the same and that's where
you're going now and me too and princess we were all going down down down i'm fading these
voices down because i'm going to put on some
other person's radio show that could go on for another hour because i was ready for that in case
you don't have incoming show host doesn't show up okay it's we're all just going down
i gotta bring the music down too
