Well, now, you keep talking about this Bob, and I've seen pictures of him, certainly a
lot of drawings of him, and yet I've never heard, you sent me several of the books and
the tapes and stuff over the years, I've never actually heard Bob's voice.
I've never seen a photograph of him, as far as I know.
Well, you've seen plenty of photographs of him.
You pick up any old Better Homes and Gardens, Popular Science, from the 50s and early 60s,
Bob modeled for ads.
He's that guy with the pipe, the grinning, sort of a Ward Cleaver-ish, Dick Van Dyke
looking fellow with this sort of slightly crazed grin.
And he's got a pipe.
You may have seen pictures of him spray painted on bridge abutments and dumpsters and so forth.
Here and there.
Greenwich Village is a bar on Avenue A and 7th Street, I think 7A and then...
Are you a voyeur?
Do you like to watch?
Uh-huh.
What's your name?
Bob.
Hi, Bob.
What are you going to do with it, Bob?
Tell me.
Tell me how you like it.
If I came in your room right now, what would you do to me?
Oh!
If you came in my room right now, I'd want you to put your...
Oh, boy.
Oh, yeah, Bob.
Oh, yeah?
Uh-huh.
Do you think you can find...
Oh, yeah?
Uh-huh.
Do you think you can find my sub-G spot, Bob?
No.
Come on, baby.
Find it for me.
Yeah.
Oh, Bob.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh!

Four, three, two, one, fire!
Welcome to the...
The Subgenius Radio Ministry Hour of Slack.
Sponsored by the Church of the Subgenius.
The Subgenius Hour of Slack that you are about to listen to
is specially designed only to be played on radio station
and only in the city of...
I was talking to you about my plans to think of something
absolutely new and revolutionary.
We should change the whole face of the world.
Right, but the function of the Order of Dionysus Abasios
is both the destruction of Christianity
based on the principles of the Satanic Bible
as written by Anton Zondor-Levay,
and so the ODS follows strictly 100% almost that philosophy,
but in the...
...being of teenagers from authoritarian slavery
as...
...adolescence is only a social invention.
By nature, teenagers actually are adults.
Should...
Adolescence is only a social invention.
By nature, teenagers actually are adults.
Should be treated as such as puberty
is nature's endowment of adulthood.
And so they should be...
Teenagers should be free to go out
with older adults regardless of how much older...
...you mean...
Now, this is a lobbying group
that does not mean that we're actually going out
and breaking the law before the law is changed.
And or the intermingling socially and sexually
with actual teenagers
to become like a teenager,
to become one of them again.
Do you remember these?
Mother sits there and looks at the young child.
She says, my dear child,
we're going out into the wide world
and you're going to meet an awful lot of strange people.
You must listen to your mother.
Don't contradict her
and always remember these words.
Don't take gum.
Don't take candy.
Don't get in strange cars.
Don't talk to strange men.
Keep your legs crossed, your panties up
and come home from school in a group.
The poor little girl gets in a modern car today.
Even a Nash, just for an instance.
Boy, the guy settles the car,
pushes the button, the bed comes down,
he gets your head caught in the trunk.
You don't even know you had it.
Right.
Because trying to prove that there is,
you know, that there is or isn't a heaven or hell
is like trying to prove that little pink elephants
don't exist in a...
another galaxy somewhere.
We can't prove it, but personally,
Satanists do have principles,
whereas an anarchist will do just whatever he wants to do
with your life.
And being out of control is very unsatanic.
Do you like lying?
Because your name's not Eric
and you're the jerk of the day and goodbye.
And oh no, don't tell me they gave me Ron from Seattle.
Bobby, how's my lying, pandering carnival barker
of hate and misinformation today?
Excuse me?


Excuse me?
Bob, listen, please give me my time.
Let me quote it.
I created light and created darkness,
created goodness and created evil.
I, the Lord God, do all these things.
God is the source of evil and he admits it.
What's the burr under your saddle?
So in other words, what's good about this subgenius organization
is you can find enlightenment in bafflement,
is what you're kind of saying here.
Well, Bob is...
Is not what you would call a brilliant man.
Hence the word church of the subgenius.
You notice this isn't church of the genius.
Some geniuses out there may have noticed that by now.
But it's not...
What Bob has been trying to say is that
it's not the intelligence that counts.
It's just plain, plain old sense.
Horse sense, common sense, sense of humor,
and most importantly of all, dollars and cents.
Bob?
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob.
That's right. I'm Terry Carr for The Voice Midlands,
Midlands Radio, all the way from Leeds, Lancashire.
And tonight we're going to have a very interesting guest.
He says he's the man who is responsible for,
if you've heard of it, I'm sure some of you have,
the church of the subgenius.
I'm sure you've all heard of the name Bob
and seen some of the graffiti around town lately.
And is it a satanic cult?
Or is it just another little hyper-clicker,
a group of crazies on the lam, looking for some fun?
We'll be back in five minutes after some words.
We'll be talking to Reverend Armitage Sane.
Praise Bob!
Praise Bob!
Once a gal to call his own.
You've enjoyed Garrison Keillor's homespun storytelling for decades.
Now delight as America's heartland humorist
brings to life the most memorable event of the decade,
Garrison Keillor's L.A. Riots.
Old Mrs. Laramie was surprised at the ease
with which she was able to waltz out of that electronic,
store with the new stereo boombox.
But then the store was owned by the man.
And of course she didn't know how to hook it up.
So she put a call out to fix-it man, Otis Brown.
And he said to her, he said,
Mrs. Laramie, he said,
you got blood all up on the side of this thing here.
And then she remembered just how on her way home
she had used that boombox to clock a Korean grocer.
So, you know, she knew.
Garrison Keillor's L.A. Riots.
Available on cassette from the Public Radio Catalog.
You get going.
Two, three, four.
guitar solo
Like I said, some troopers
Want us all to think alike
But you're stopping over here
With all your nevity
With all your idiot might
Won't take a cold bullet
But you love that we can love
Meanwhile, Ed has a bush
Here's a poison in the cup
Hey, Mr. Correct
Don't tell me what to do
No matter how many rules we got
You're still gonna die
With missionary zeal
He spit on the fur coat
Debt to rent
Debt to rent



A leather jacket
And we cheese from a goat
Yeah, you march and you write
And you groan and you scream
All you're doing, buddy
Is scratching a big ugly machine
Oh, Mr. Correct
Don't tell me what to do
No matter how many rules you got
You're still gonna die
With a gem on the habitat
I'll only teach you how to
To read to and for
The mind of the mind






Gerade since the first time
I'm gonna break
My record
I'm gonna make
The world into Earth

For more
In order to

Well, that's my thing

I throw all my putτεeth

Teens
Heyus
I'm like hoorah
prune
The food jostler
You've been sucked into the corporate death fence
Who owns that Mercedes-Benz, Mr. Current?
Don't tell me what to do
No matter how many rules you got, buddy
You still gotta die
Foo, foo, foo, foo, you a fool
Lying idiot, bandwagon puppet
Lying a jerk just like us, but you think you're above it
Nothing but a prude, you're afraid of sex and nudity
A vegetarian in Doc Martens is the king of stupidity
Mr. Current
Don't tell me what to do
Don't tell me what to do
Do that part again
Oh, Mr. Current
Don't tell me what to do
No matter how many rules you got
You still gotta die
Foo, foo, foo, foo, you a fool
No matter how many rules you got
You still gotta die
Foo, foo, foo, foo, you a fool
Hey, Mr. Correct
Hey, Mr. Correct
I'm talking to you
Oh, Mr. Correct
Hey, Rick and Rick
Hey, Rick and Rick
Ahhhh
I bet you ride your bike to work every day
And live in a solar-powered house probably
Isn't that true? Yeah, Ricky
You liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar, liar
Hello, friends, and welcome.
The sermon tonight is entitled
What If
It is called that for good reason
Because, you see, everywhere I go across this great nation
Everywhere I tour, every performance I give
Some sincere but misguided Christian
Accompanies me in the parking lot
And barks a curse we've all heard a million times
For the last two thousand years
Sinner!
They shriek, eyeballs bulging and bony finger pointing
You may laugh now
But come judgment day
What if
You're wrong
If I had but a dime
For every time that thinly veiled threat was hurled towards a subgenius
I'd have more money than all the trial lawyers in California and New York combined
Yet, as mean-spirited as this rhetorical question sounds
It is, in fact, a legitimate challenge
What if, Bob forbid, we are wrong?
Such a premise is difficult for subgenies to contemplate
Because one of the cornerstones of good salesmanship
Is confidence in the product
We will succeed
Because we know we will succeed
It is a self-fulfilling prophecy
To even question the outcome is not only defeatist
And anti-Dobbsian
It is subgenius sacrilege
And yet, in the interest of open theological debate
We will consider just this once
The question of what if we're wrong
Now, theoretically speaking, I think that's a good thing
Not that it is statistically probable
But hypothetically, imagine if you can
A world come July 5th, 1998
Where there is no excess invasion
Oh, it's painful, it's painful, dear friends, I understand
But remember, this is only theoretical
A planet that is not surrounded by an angry alien spacecraft
A globe not littered
A globe not completely polluted
With the corpses of conspiracy theorists
And doobs
Oh, dear friends
It would be a sick society
Still dominated by pinks and normals
An earth where corporations, governments
And well-equipped armies still loyal to the system
Continue to uphold the status quo
They fight to maintain their tight totalitarian grasp
On the very throat of freedom
Oh, it's a nightmarish vision indeed
One that makes my head spin
But one we will contemplate nonetheless
In the interest of free and open debate
Yes, dear friends
This dark future of dobsian defeat
And conspiracy conquest
This desperate future
Where the last subgenius forces
Are holed up in the underground bunkers
Awaiting the final onslaught
By conspiracy mercenaries
Is a vision we do not want to contemplate
But will this one last time
As the Kelvin bombs explode far above
On the planetary surface
Staying in his subgenius generals
Huddled beneath a flickering light bulb
Pouring over maps of subgenius tunnels
Subway tunnels and underground sewers
Examining any and all possible attack routes
They will be determined
Determined to fight to death
And take the maximum number of normals with them
Why?
Because we hate you!
They will be dedicated to honoring Bob
Through a dignified dobsian death
It is even
It is then that some weak of heart
Heretic will step forward
Probably some Bobby
Who always dreamed of being a real subgenius warrior
For wartime
But when the chips are down for Dobbs
Wants to cash out
This weak-willed wannabe Bobby
Will show his first real courage
When he steps forward and whines
The Reverend Stang
Bunker!
You promised we'd have something to show
For our membership fee
The bunker will fall silent
Like a tomb
The collected gasp
Will cause the barometric pressure to plummet
The bobbing above will pause
In divine reverence
Stang will slowly turn
To the trembling traitor
Glare into his frightened little face
And with the thunder
Of Daniel Webster
We'll proclaim the same answer
I gave the Christian in the parking lot
And that is this
Even in hell
We'll have the one thing
The conspiracy tried to deny from us
All our living lives
The one human right
They'll never be able to take from us again
No matter how much they lie about what we did
Or what they didn't do
It's the one human right
The one virtue Christians will never obtain
No matter how much they beg
Pray
Or grovel to their God
I'm talking about respect
Self-respect
The only commodity
That can't be bought
Traded
Negotiated
Or stolen
In any of the conspiracy marketplaces
Appreciate it
Hallelujah!
It's a concept
Foreign
To all pinks and normals
Who serve the system
They may have stolen our freedom
Our slack
And even our lives
But by virtue of our very defiance
To them and their ways
We've earned a self-respect
They can't even pretend to want
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because their religion
Is based on submission
While ours is based on independence
Praise God
Give me a praise ball
Praise God
Praise God
Praise God
So that dear friends
Is our answer
That's what we get
Even if we're wrong
Come judgment day
The honor and dignity of self-respect
Earned through a lifelong fight
For independence and freedom
Only the devil
Could possibly resent a man
For wanting to be free
Any God
That wouldn't want his followers to be free
Is no savior
But a tyrant
An enslaver of souls
A devil in disguise
And that leads me to my question
To the Christian
It's terribly original
So brace yourself for it
What if
We were to be
What if
You're wrong
Come judgment day
Please think carefully
Before you answer dear friend
Because remember
Your very soul
Dangles in the balance
Hear it
It's the word of God
Praise God
Amen
Praise Father Joe Mama
Oh yes dear friend
Praise Father Joe Mama
A beautiful beautiful
Sermon there
From the Pittsburgh Devival
A couple of weeks ago
Sponsored by the Eye of Horus Bookstore
Yes and what else do we have there
Mojo Nixon's song Mr. Correct
From his new album
Whereabouts Unknown
We heard Garrison Keillor's L.A. Riots
From the Not For Broadcast album
By The Onion
And a little bit of Bleepo Abernathy
And Lonesome Cowboy Dave
Trying to introduce the church
Interspersed with distracting media barrage material
From Reverend Nick Nolan
And of course Bob Larson
But you know what friends
What Father Joe Mama was saying
About that one side of the conspiracy
It makes you wonder
It makes you wonder
Which side of the conspiracy is running things
I started getting paranoid about
Well
Uh
The Masons
Let's say
Let's just say
For all I know
I'm really worried about the Illuminati
But uh
You know it started with that
America Online logo
Which is a triangle with a circle in the middle of it
Looks just like the old eye in the pyramid
Or the eye above the pyramid
You know and uh
I mentioned that to my friend Emot
And Emot said
Oh that's just the beginning of it
Haven't you noticed
Those uh triangles
And the eyeball shapes
Are just everywhere
And in fact they've even gotten quite obvious about
The names of these businesses
He goes
Ever noticed the red arches
That form a big M of the Sonic hamburgers
Get it
Sonic
Masonic
I think I'll have Masonic burger now
Or he goes
Did you know that Philip Morris cigarettes
And General Motors cigarettes








And the original foods were both owned by this gigantic conglomerate
Kraft Foods
Kraft
The as in
The Kraft
Yes friends
And not to mention when they replaced that Popeyes
Place next door with Church's fried chicken
Uh huh
But it doesn't stop there
If you look around
Next time you drive through town friend
Just keep your eyeballs open
You may see things you didn't want to see
Buildings one after another that look like
Well like the Temple of Solomon
If it's not the arches
It's that Temple of Solomon shape
That you see etched onto Masonic aprons and symbols
Uh my old supermarket nearby here
Menards
He pointed out
Looks just like that
All of the Sam Walton stores
Walmart
Sam's
Hypermart
They're in the grand Masonic design my friends
Computer places
Uh Computer City
Disney
Discovery Zone
The Best Buy stores
All subtle Masonic symbols
Then go buy your local water pumping station
The Gas Company
Uh
The Gas Company in most small towns is in the same building
As a Masonic lodge my friends
The Electric Company
They all
All of them
My friends
Are part of one conspiracy or another
You know
But what do they
What we
You try to talk about things like this and
They call you
Well the polite term
Conspiracy researchers
Or conspiracy buffs
Or conspiracy nuts
Or conspiracy kooks
Or conspiracy crackpots my friends
Then those
Those are the real polite terms for
The folks who attempt merely to lift the veils
Peer under the rocks
And pry into the business of the uh authorities
Uh so called
What I wanna know is friends
How come the conspiracy researchers get worse pressed than some of the conspiracy perpetrators
Heh it must be a conspiracy
Uh you know I can wax as sarcastic as the next guy about some conspiracy theories
I like to think I'm skeptical to the bone
But I actually do believe a large percentage of the conspiracy theories are true
Those conspiracy theories
Heh
Heh
And worse still I believe in the conspiracy
Yes the plot
By ordinary normal everyday people to label conspiracy researchers as loonies
Or as a part of a conspiracy
Now contrary to unpopular opinion friends
It's still possible to use mass media to expose mass media conspiracies
But you have to couch your expose carefully
You have to make it look like a satire
Or a comic book
Or a radio show
Like this one which is pieced together from the dead parts of history books
Heh
Heh
And of course some conspiracy theories are just that
They're just theories
Improbable
Paranoid
Predicated on few facts
Like the one about the masons creating the greys
They've obviously got it backwards
Others are founded on pure coincidence
And these I would consider kooky wouldn't you
But then you know one man's paranoid lunatic is the next man's dedicated researcher
And uh you know the problem is the domino effect though
There's those who see conspiracies everywhere
Literally everywhere
The crazy old bircher lady who fears commies under her bed is just a stereotype
Nor is the religious nut who sees satanists everywhere
Nor the UFO cultist who mistakes satanists everywhere
Something that could be cured with Prozac for messages from the space brothers
But you know there might be something to some of it
And once you're fairly sure of one conspiracy theory
It starts to tie into neighboring conspiracy theories
And pretty soon you're believing quite a few conspiracy theories
And you start to sound like one of those nuts
Unless you're selective about who you tell it to
And that's one of the things that inclines you towards the conspiracy view of history
Is the way the more trusting people around you respond to the very idea
You know try discussing the CIA's more heinous misdeeds in polite society
People edge away
They just can't allow themselves to believe that men whose portraits still hang in city halls and corporate headquarters
Were in fact
A more of monsters and eager collaborators with nazis
Cause that would imply that that smiling rosy cheeked glad handing politician they just voted for
Might be involved in something worse
Paranoia has a bad rep these days
But as the ancient saw goes
It's not paranoia if they really are out to get ya
And they are
People should be a lot more paranoid
And a lot of so called normal people are
Oh they're in fact as paranoid as you can get
They're just paranoid about the wrong things
Since the FBI has no proof for organized satanic ritual murder cults
The many little christian fundamentalist conspiracies have invented them
The same guy who can't believe the army could ever do anything evil and anti-american
May be convinced that the devil sends heavy metal bands out to corrupt our youth
He's paranoid about marijuana
He's a bunch of fiends
But he drives drunk
He's paranoid about sex and violence on TV
But thinks everybody should have their own automatic weapon
He's learned that the media is controlled by liberals
Because he listens to right wing blather all day long on the radio
Shut up little man
Nobody asked you to say anything
Shut up little man
Shut up little man
What's the burr under your saddle?
The burr under the saddle is you trying to shut us up and tell us where to hell
Jesus says believe in me or to hell with you
And I don't like that I'm getting tired of you guys trying to tell us where to go
What to do
I'm not telling you where to go and what to do
God's telling you what to do or where you're going to go if you don't do it
But you know what?
What?
That's not a choice that's coercion
How do I know I'm not talking to a disembodied alien right now?
Well if you don't have a clue that you're talking to a human being then you're pretty stupid
How do I know?
Prove it to me, you can't prove it to me can you Bill?
See ha ha ha, you can't prove it to me Bill, you can't prove it to me
Bill, Bill
Empirically you cannot prove it to me beyond any doubt
Anybody that you've ever talked to Bob, how do you know you've talked to anybody?
You just live in a fantasy world behind a microphone
Prove you've talked to anybody including me Bill
Because there's repetition
Because, because my friend
I'm a human, I have a human voice, that's how you know
Odds are you're talking to a Bill
Get real
Just because you have a voice doesn't mean you have a brain
Correct
I would be more of what I would call a uh,
Pubophilic Satanist as opposed to a pedophile
Because everything that he says makes 100% sense
And there is little or nothing that he says that you can argue with
I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm a human, I'm proud to say I'm a jelly-billed dog
If me, I'm a human, if me, I'm a human, if me, I'm a human, I'm a jelly-billed dog
My little boy, he ain't a spankle-chackle-dink-dona, he is a jelly-billed dog
Hey Bob!
He wants a gal to call his own
Is she blonde, is she tall, is she dark, is she small
Is she any kind of dreamboat at all
No matter, he's hers and hers alone
Cause Dobby has to have a girl to call his own
I must have a girl to call my own
For I am Dobby, son of Goom
You pitiful, fixed-legged Earth fools milling about in your cage of only three dimensions
Dobby, go find me a nymph
Maynard, bring me a woman
Bring me a bongo, bongo baby
Give me a fury
A hundred of little furies
I want more
Bring me Harvey
Harvey's with chests of steel
Bring me the furies themselves
I want Medusa
Yes, I will make love to Medusa
Let her turn me to stone
I could be no stonier of heart than I am already
If only the fools would leave me in peace to complete my experiments
They want to know who I am and what I am
Well, I'll show them, I'll show them all
It's here in this dark cave on the Aegean Sea
Where lights have been seen for scores and scores of years
Fishermen have noticed lights in this cave for a period of five weeks at a time
During the summer solstice season
And after that time the lights appear to...
These crop circles, or frop circles as they're called
Originally appeared in wheat fields in England and...
Ireland, Scotland
Lately they've been appearing as concrete circles in the center of New York City in Chicago
Decorated with the bodies of mutilated cattle
Mysteriously mutilated cattle
What could this mean?
There are no secrets in the Church of the Subgenius
And I will not be endangering myself or my family in any way
Despite rumors to the contrary
Because you, dear listener, will probably not believe a word of it
It's all just more quaint fiction to you
Just a lark, a joke
Eh, well, if the frop circles and the smoke from Bob's pipe are just a joke
Then what is your life?
Your very life, my friend
Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Where to begin? Where to begin?
There are so many impossible stories and bizarre events
Associated with the Church that it is hard to choose where to start
This is so like the Venusians and the Hollow Earth
The Nazis, the weird man, the dimensions from...
I mean these people from the Nefertiti
To set the tone
Let me tell you what I've seen with my own eyes
While visiting Palmer Vreedies
Actually, the artist Hal Robbins
A.K.A. Dr. Hal
In his San Francisco apartment in 1993
Hmm...
Well, I...
Well, I...
Lies and Vreedies began an apparently innocent brag fight
Each proclaiming their abilities in the most outrageous terms
But after a quarter hour without significant gain
Vreedies became agitated
And suddenly swept lamp and telephone from an end table
He then seemingly lifted the table into the air without touching it
It shot out the window and crashed onto the sidewalk
Two floors below where it burst into flame
Vreedies changed the subject immediately
And the event was never spoken of again
Having set the tone with that story
I can pretty much say anything I want to
And be assured that no listener will believe a word of it
On the same visit, I took a trip into the desert
With D. Woodman Atwell of puzzling evidence
A harrowing experience all around
For I saw him apparently drive his truck through a concrete wall
Without damage of any kind to anything
I was then shown a series of missile silos
From which shone beams of bluish green light
For a period of about two hours around midnight
This is February of 1992
There were a number of unusual gravitational and magnetic events in the area around this time
There were also a number of what I took to be very large sandstone rock formations
Which appeared to change positions when I wasn't watching
Think about it though friends
I mean really
Reality
And even its distant relative history
Are actually a hell of a lot weirder than any science fiction
If something as farfetched as Nazis getting paid by the CIA
To train Middle Eastern fanatics to fight the commies can be real
And it is
Then why not the CIA?
And aliens conspiracy
Huh?
I mean if the CIA conducted mass experiments on the citizenry
With LSD
And it did
Then why wouldn't it use some cover Christian organization
To turn earnest young weirdos into Manchurian candidates
And make them kill anti-establishment rock stars or even presidents
Just to make all earnest young weirdos look more insane than they are?
And the CIA?
It's infuriating
You know you can't just uncover a conspiracy and leave it at that
You always have to take into account the deliberate disinformation possibilities
For instance maybe the feds pay Bob Lazar
To talk about crashed saucers on air bases
And soul stealing grey aliens
In order to distract researchers from something far worse!
The murkiness level can become literally maddening
And that just might be the whole idea
No doubt about it
You can go overboard
Transway overboard
There's those who believe the holocaust was a hoax
And all the rest of us are crackpots
You know heck if you're gonna go that far
You might as well believe that World War II didn't happen
And the next logical step is to believe that nothing the press ever reported really happened
And pretty soon, praise Bob
You've got mountains of proof that you're always right
And everybody else is always wrong
And of course naturally the conspiracies that people tend to believe in
Are the ones that make them look good
And absolve them of responsibility
Over a hundred years ago
Some anonymous anti-semitic Frenchman
Pinned a hoax called
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion
And to this day, thanks to that hoax
Thousands of frustrated nasty old rednecks
Believe that the Jews control the world
Now believing that lets them off the hook
The reason for their poverty and misery
Isn't that they're a bunch of lazy ignorant alcoholic po-buckers
It's the Jews' fault!
By the same token, bitter black people who think that all of us are the same
And white people must be out to get them
Can find plenty of reinforcement in the nation of Islam cult
Inevitably, friends, those who are the most paranoid about a particular conspiracy
Become a conspiracy themselves
So where is the balance?
Which conspiracy theories should you believe?
For that matter, which conspiracy should you join?
Well friends, we're here to tell you about
The Church of the Subgenius
You know, we started a lot of those conspiracies ourselves
You can always come to Bob
To find a conspiracy made just for you
You can write to Bob, I'm gonna give you that free information post office box
Just say, Bob, send me that free information
And Bob is at post office box 140306
That's box 140306, Dallas, Texas
75214
That's right, Dallas, Texas
That's where we're at
I remember a time when I thought all that babble about multiple gunmen in Dealey Plaza
And the Oswald Doubles and so forth was silly
And it is getting awfully crowded up there on the grassy knoll
But you know, as I got more educated about the JFK puzzle
I learned a terrible truth
If you investigate deeply enough
Sometimes you become part of the conspiracy
I'm now a participant in the JFK cover-up
I know why the Kennedy family had to go along with the Warren Commission
But if I told, it would jeopardize lives
Stop laughing
I'll tell you man, you start out paranoid about them
And the next thing you know, you're one of them
And maybe it's an infinite regression
Maybe there's no escape
Maybe there's no one single truth that everybody should believe in
Not even Bob
Maybe everything is a conspiracy
Who knows, maybe one of these days we'll find out even that's not so funny after all
Good thing this is just a comedy show
This is nothing compared to the bizarre political and extra-legal connections of the Church of the Subgenius.
Ivan Stang is known to have made trips to England and South America in the past few years to meet with, among others,
high-ranking members of the P2 Masonic Group and an organization of which the Priory of Zion and Bilderberger Group are sanitized fictionalizations.
Stang and Drummond are known to be 33rd-degree masons, and Stang's position in a control group hinted at as a Texas mafia is hereditary through his father, an ex-district attorney for Dallas.
Stang has employed a man named Doug Smith to pose as the real-life person of Ivan Stang.
Stang, however, is his real name, although he now uses the Smith name in his daily affairs.
I have met Smith and can assure you they are two very different people.
They are people of entirely different capabilities.
Smith seems to be a victim of arrested development, and though he is the nicest guy you'd ever want to meet,
Stang is perfectly correct in calling him dumb as Dave.
I have never met Drummond, but the stories I've heard, uh, are strange as anything yet. Relate.
Now, I've seen the real Doug.
I've seen the real Doug.
And he is just as smooth as buttermilk pie.
He would never do a harmful thing to another human being.
This other man, now, you can see there's a big difference.
Look at his chin right there.
There's a big scar on his chin, and I don't see how they can get away with that.
I've told all my kin so far that this is it with me, boy.
I'm just giving up on everything the government ever says ever again.
I just don't believe it.
Did you see what they had on Donnie here the other night?
They had a man who could actually make you mad, make you mad, make you mad, make you mad, make you mad.
Oh, you rag.
Uh, let's say pour about eight identical glasses of tap water.
Send your loving energy selectively into one of them.
Basically bless the water.
Leave the room.
They'll switch the glasses on you, and then go up to the water's glasses with little dowsing rods.
And you'll find that the one that had been blessed is the one with the largest energy field.
Not only that, but it's also the one that tastes the best.
It's the story of the lost jewelry of Atlantis.
Not that again.
Well, there it is in all its effulgent splendor.
Because we have with us Philo's brother.
Oh, yes, that's right.
It's only in nomenclature.
That's true.
But, you know, I suppose there are areas, there are places where Philo is his brother.
That's true, but it's never brought up quite that way.
And so even on his business card, it says Philo's brother.
Yeah, well, I don't know what the future is in that.
My mom sometimes refers to Philo as my brother, though.
Your brother, I just can't believe what he did this time.
I just have to get to the bottom of it once and for all.
Whether a preference for poop dog hats runs in the family.
Actually, it does.
She doesn't ever say Sphinx's brother, though.
It's your brother.
My brother?
Yeah, your brother.
That doesn't make any sense, because she doesn't even know my brother.
My brother, the Sphinx?
Or doesn't know Hal's brother.
So if you know our brothers, you can call us.
And if you know we are brothers...
Brother, go find your brother.
And all out there within the reach of my voice are truly my brothers.
Related to me by intimate ties of love.
Indeed.
My goodness, what an extremely good memory you have.
Now let's go over that again.
You say you saw some sort of monster?
Yes.
It was my pet parakeet.
Pete.
And what happened to it?
Oh, well, he used to be, uh...
Whoa, and there goes some...
Uh-oh.
Well, that's what happened to pet parakeet Pete.
He was hurled out of a speeding taxi in the middle of a busy downtown intersection.
Then dragged in a phone booth while trying to make a phone call.
You know Philo's brother's here.
Then forced to...
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Look at that. Look at that. Look at that.
This is not just a show.
I mean, Philo's brother's here, so...
If you have a question for Philo's brother, that's right now what you want to do.
That's right.
The topic tonight is Philo's brother.
Philo's brother.
Do you have a question for...
Journey to Arizona.
Or, uh, comments about Philo's brother.
Oh, my brother.
No, that's not your line.
That's the other guy's line.
We're talking about Philo's brother.
He says who's his brother.
And then down here, the scratched out part, it says, yeah, don't be scared.
Don't be scared.
What's going on?
Your flesh will creep.
Your heart will bump, uh, et cetera and so forth.
Uh-oh.
Punch the wrong brain.
Punch the magic dragon.
Okay, don't be scared and hang up.
Just speak now.
Don't walk.
Don't walk.
Green light.
Speak.
Go through the door.
And speaking of dragons, I could tell you about...
And answer the phone.
...the very next...
And if you're watching Channel 2, you see that we've synced up every single sound effect
to the caller pulled in.
Hello?

It's a slim lead, I know, but it might get us some...
Hello?
Hello?
Just one.
Just you.
Turn that caller to the cold and damp.
There he goes.
Oh, Hal just turned him around.
Now he's all cold and damp.
Well, it gets him evenly done on all sides.
So, uh, state short question, please.
The phone's busy, so...
Yeah.
So, go ahead and talk.
You see, there's so many different approaches to this question of mind over matter or transcendental
reality is when I breathe in, I visualize the energy of the universe, which is very
abundant by the way.
This is the same kind of energy, I think, as the Tesla technology energy is.
It's similar to the energy of consciousness or mind over matter.
It's a very powerful energy.
So you imagine this energy.

You see this energy coming into your belly button as you breathe in.
As you breathe out, you breathe that energy through, in this case, through the tips of
my fingers, laser-like into the spoon, and I become at one with the spoon.
Oh, yes, friends.
You too can become at one with the spoon if you're ready to give your all to Bob, or at
least a 32-cent stamp.
Come on, go for it, man.
Write for the free information.
Here's that number again.
It's got music by Arnold Mathis in the background.
Okay, here it comes.
Just write to Bob, my friends, at Post Office Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
Once again, that's Box 140306, Dallas, Texas 75214.
And as I said, this is Arnold Mathis in the background.
Before that, Bob.


Before this, we heard a little bit of puzzling evidence and Dr. Howell on the KPFA Berkeley
subgenius or anti-subgenius show, whatever it is.
And coming up more and having been more of Einstein's Secret Orchestra.
That's ESO radio brought to us from WCSB in Cleveland.
Praise WCSB.
Oh, and praise Reverend Mike Cole.

For interviewing that Satanist, Joe Autrich, which we've heard little bits of in between.
We're just scavenging WCSB like crazy.
And thanks to Steve Bevilacqua, who rescued that on tape and put horrible music with it.
Oh, what's...
Who else should I credit?
Oh, Nenslow.
Some of the disinformation about the Church of the Subgenius, which I was reading there
with Lonesome Cowboy Dave and Chaz on that ESO show.
That was written by Nenslow.
I should definitely give Nenslow credit for that.
Those particular lies about the Church of the Subgenius.
I thought they were very effective lies myself, one way or another.
And so we'll plunge back in.
Thank y'all.
Thank you.
Well, I just don't know.
I just don't know.
I wandered into this little spook house restaurant or whatever it was that they were...
I don't know.






They were all having some kind of a party.
And then they set fire to the walls and just kept partying away while the place burned
down around them.
It was like a vision of hell itself.
But people just kept paying money, walking in, swigging drinks at the bar, their clothes
on fire.
They just laughing it up.
It was as if they didn't feel any of it.
It was kind of a cult.
And in the end, they were all dead.

I was a pre-molecular externa.
I stood outside, watched the place burn to the ground.
And it was like they all acted like this was something they did every night.
So, you got me.
Don't ask me.
I don't know nothing about it.
I'd just as soon stay here working at the quick shop for a buck 280 an hour.



I ain't gonna send my money to that preacher.
That's just what he wants me to do.
I'm supposed to believe in some kind of deliverance by alien space fellers.
And if I believe on Bob, then I'm gonna get to ride them escape flying saucers.
And I just, I don't buy into that.
Some of my friends, some of my friends are believers.
A psychic virus has been discovered.




Some of my friends are believers.
I'm not trying to put them down.
But I ain't gonna give away all my worldly goods.
I've already been through.
I had religion once.
I was in the Jehovah's Witnesses.
Had me give my Cadillac away.
And the world was supposed to end on April 23rd.
We all sat around the hilltop waiting for the end of the world.
After a while, we got bored waiting, wandered off.
So, I got up.
I ain't gonna fall for none of that stuff this time.
But you know what I heard that was really sad?
I saw on this newspaper it said the Loch Ness Monster was dead.
I seen it right on the cover of that newspaper.
It was so sad.
It looked like a giant prairie squid or a big oyster with flippers on it and a cute
little otter's head.
And she was, did you know it said in there?
She was over.
Over a thousand years old.
And left a little tiny baby Loch Ness Monster homeless.
Friends, you don't want to let that little baby Loch Ness Monster go hungry, do you?
No, for in her belly are thousands of spider eggs.
Well, here in the Church of the Subgenius, we offer special food and toys and modeling
clay and clothing to those slackless children.
You know.
I'm sure you've seen the pictures of the kids in the toilets.
Those kids that you see the pictures of on milk cartons, they're not lost, friends.
They've just found Bob.
They are frolicking with the baby Loch Ness Monster now in a special swimming pool at
the home for slackless children in Malaysia.
Oh, there is no secret Neptune agenda.
Loch Ness is, Nessie's dead.
It was all a big hoax.
Well, we'd prefer not to go into too much detail.
At this time about the origins.
Since our own research is not complete.
But the Church of the Subgenius does seem to have a direct connection with the program
known among conspiracy nuts as the Neptune agenda.
And in fact.
The Neptune agenda.
Yes, the Neptune agenda.
Which we can trace the beginnings back to the discovery of sonar in 1915.
It's a watery fishy thing.


The theory of philosophy and conspiracy.
Well, it seems that after the first use of sonar to detect German U-boats in the North
Atlantic, unusual and cryptic Morse code messages began to be received by listeners in many
different areas.
A separate code of a logarithmic nature was created to communicate with what turned out
to be aquatic mammals.
I probably shouldn't elaborate further here because some of the things I've picked up
about this seem very new and unusual.

I'm not sure if you've heard of the U-A-G.
Yes, he is.
It's stupid.
Having to do with ley lines and a global network of crystal skulls used as mind control transmitters
to direct the actions of technologically advanced or left-brained humans.
I can hear the teller occurrence.
This is the way I navigate.
I move my body close to the earth.
The teller occurrence.
It was on the inside of my ears.
Sonar.
It's full.
Sonar.
It's full.




You can hear the whales of the briny deep moan out their love songs.
Lonesome cowboy Dave up there on the prairie could hear them whales all the way out in
the ocean and he knew he wasn't going to be lonesome for long.
He'd heard from old Bob what fun a giant cetacean seagoing mammal could be.
Oh yeah.
They're not that different from human beings really the way their bodies are set up.
They're warm blooded.
Warm blooded.
Mmm.
When you're in the freezing frigid Atlantic Ocean and you got you a kind of romantically
inclined she whale and you're a particular lonely cowboy preacher with a guitar.
You smell that ambergris floating on the sea shore.


Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
You'll drop your sheep and your horses and just shuck your chaps and go swimming right
out there.
Oh yeah.
Lonesome cowboy Dave riding them dolphins all the way out to meet his queen.
The great blue whale in the center of the North Atlantic.
Yes.
Dave Tristand.
Just as had his mentor Bob.
But unfortunately whereas Bob was man enough to handle a female blue whale Dave got tangled
in the harpoon ropes and was last seen with his wooden leg a flopping as she sounded one
last time.
From the blue depths of David Jones Lager we've got a thousand pretty stories of Neptune.
Nothing but the blue.




Yep.
Dave's back down there underground underwater underneath the great web.
I can't breathe.
I feel like I'm suffocating.
This is not as fun as it was before.
I'm just going to relax this spandex bit.
He was deep deep inside the blowhole of the she whale.
He thought he was going to be having some kind of a good time.


He was kind of a big hot date that night and here he was stuck halfway in the blowhole
halfway out.
She couldn't spout and that's about all he could do.
Oh baby Leviathan be thy name.
I got a wooden leg.
He was.
But they later got over their marital differences and Dave took up residence inside Mrs. Monstro.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.



I'll take all the garbage.
I will take all the garbage.
I'm going to take all the garbage.
I'm in the garbage.
All he had to do was occasionally empty the garbage out of Mrs. Monstro.
He'd scrape up the old license plates and tin cans and used syringes and so forth that
washed into her stomach that managed to get through the baleen's.
He'd have to empty that stuff out now and then.
He was like a baby.
He was like a parasitic life form inhabiting the body of the she-whale.
Little manage here, little manage there, little harpoon cleaning here, little oh it's
so shiny.
Their only natural enemy was Eskimos and Norwegians who had broken, and Japanese whaling
boats who had broken the international laws against such things.
Dave was, Dave of the West.
He led the whales.
I'll learn this baby's song and then I'll record it and make a million dollars.
And Dave thought he was going to be a big rock and roll star with Cetacean Whalesong
Rock.
See now, these songs last about a year and a half.
It takes about two years to compose them.
I figure if I just shrink it down on a data bank and I'll take a whale all the way down
to like, say, three vibrations for every 25 seconds or something I can have a perfect
three minute pop rock song.
Whale of a whale of a whale of a whale of a whale.

But unfortunately, the new age composer, Yanni, beat him to it and made all the big money.
Dave and his wife, the female blue whale, Mrs. Monstro, were left in the gutter singing bad country western songs
hoping for spare change from the citizenry and tourists who would walk down the boardwalk there.
A bleak ending for a man who'd never learn to live his life and let it be that way.
Lost from the whale like that, a man like that, there's something wrong with him.
Well, no, actually, like I said, the whale is not like it's a different order of animals.
They're mammals. They're not that different from a person.
They have a vestigial sort of height.
They have a fine leg and rather a longer tail than people do.
But, you know, they breathe air. They cry tears. They weep tears just like you or I.
Well, like you, anyway.
And they don't seem to be able to take very good care of their fingernails.
Why is that?
This fungal growth seems to have traveled all the way to the base of the spine.
And this basal area here is completely covered.
Fungus.
